 Susan sat in the front porch swing waiting for Allan. He was picking her up at 3 p.m. to get an early start on their date. She decided she would wait on telling him about picking up birth control pills. She and Tracey had driven to the Planned Parenthood Clinic in Madison and gotten prescriptions - Tracey had wanted one too, as she said, "Just in case." Cathy, Susan's mother, came out the front door and sat down with her on the swing.

"Are you waiting on Allan? she asked.

"He gets off at 2:30 and said he'd pick me up about 3."

"You must like him?"

"I do Mom. He's nice....you said so yourself. You know his mother died last year. He really understands how I feel about Dad being killed."

"Your Grandmother knows his father. I'm just glad you met someone here...I wish Tracey could meet someone as nice. I know you both hated to move to the country, to Grandma's, and leave all your friends. I felt bad about having to do it," said Cathy.

"Oh Mom, it wasn't your fault. After Dad was killed, Tracey and I both knew we couldn't afford to keep the house and stay in Virginia. Now, I don't really feel that bad about the move, and I'm actually looking forward to going to the Junior College here. Allan went there two years."

Cathy placed her hand on Susan's thigh and gave it a light squeeze. "Good, I'm glad you feel better about it." Looking a little embarrassed, Cathy said, "You know we never have talked about the other evening.....about how you found me....I...I've been ashamed to bring it up."

Susan chuckled, she had walked into her mother's bedroom and caught her using a dildo and in the middle of what must have been a fantastic orgasm. She took her mother's hand in hers, "Mom, there's no need to talk.....I understand. I'm a big girl. I KNOW," Susan stressed the word know, "you and Dad had an active sex life....remember my bedroom was right next to you guys and I'm a light sleeper. I know you miss Dad, and you must miss the sex. There's nothing wrong with relieving yourself." Susan chuckled, "Besides, that was a wicked looking dildo, I might want to borrow it sometime."

"SUSAN!!" she said in a shocked voice. "You know I liked sex?"

At that moment Allan pulled into their driveway, Susan leaned over and gave her mother a quick kiss on the cheek, whispering in her ear, "Mom, you're what the guys call a 'Moaner', but you're a moaner with a capital M.....see you later."

Cathy felt herself blushing a little bit as she watched Susan get in Allan's car. Allan gave her a wave and she waved back, thinking, "He's a nice looking kid - they both are. A moaner, Paul always did say her moaning turned him on when they were having sex." Cathy chuckled to herself as she went back into the house.

"Sorry I was late," said Allan as Susan scooted over next to him. "We had an emergency come in, a poodle got hit by a car. I had to stay a little longer and help out. Don't get too close, I'm pretty dirty."

"You weren't all that late.....it's no problem," replied Susan. "Where are we going?"

"I need to run by the house and shower and change clothes, these got a little bloody. I started to do that first, but it would have made me even later. I had to drive by your place to get home so I thought I'd go ahead and pick you up. Do you mind?"

"Course not," said Susan.

As they pulled up to Allan's house, Susan asked, "Is your father home?"

"No. He's out of town. He had to go down to New Orleans and won't be back till this weekend."

When they got in the house Allan gave her quick kiss, but jumped back when she went to put her arms around him. "Careful, you'll get messed up....you don't want this blood on those white shorts," laughed Allan. "Make yourself comfortable and I'll be back in a second."

Susan waited a couple of minutes and then walked back to the bedroom. She started removing her clothes and after she had heard the shower running for minute or two she entered the bathroom. Allan was in a large glass shower stall; his back was to her as he lathered his hair. Susan eased the door open and stepped in behind him, as she put her arms around him, she felt him give a little jump.

Susan kissed his back, "I thought you might want some one to scrub your back for you."

Turning to face her, Allan said, "I do.....I do." Allan kissed her and pulled her to him. She could feel his prick already erect and rigid as a pole poking into her.

"Let me wash you." Taking the wash cloth Susan began to rub it over Allan's chest, lathering up his chest hair....making circular motions her hand moved lower and lower until she was rubbing it over his prick, balls, and reaching under them to wash the crack in his ass. "We need to get this fellow real clean," she whispered as she washed his prick. "Let's see if he tastes clean," she said kneeling down and taking the head of his prick in her mouth, running her tongue around the crown of his prick. Looking up at Allan, she said, "Hmmm....he does taste good."

Allan pulled her up....kissed her, thrusting his tongue deep into her mouth. "Oh God, Susie, I want you so much it hurts," he gasped. Susan turned off the water and they quickly tried to dry off. Falling on the bed, still more wet than dry, Allan began sucking her tit, teasing the nipple with his tongue. His hand slid down through the damp pussy hair to her cunt, a finger slipping between her pussy lips and deep into her moist, hot pussy. "Ohhhhh....Allan......I want you.....I want you now.....I want to feel your prick in me....I want you so much....so much," moaned Susan.

Quickly getting a rubber from the nightstand, Allan handed it to Susan, "Do you want to put it on?"

"Yes," gasped Susan. Sitting up she opened it and placed the rubber over the head of Allan's rigid prick and rolled it down his shaft. "Now, put that beautiful prick where it belongs," she said huskily.

Susan lay back and Allan crawled between her legs and guided his prick to her pussy. He began to rub the head of his prick up and down between her pussy lips, teasing her pussy hole with little short thrusts of his prick. "Ohhhhh....Allan, put it in me....put it in me deep," moaned Susan. As Susan thrust her hips up to meet him, Allan drove his prick into her hot, wet pussy to its full length. "Oh God, that feels good," moaned Susan as she ground her pussy against his prick trying to get him even deeper into her throbbing cunt.

"Susie.....Susie, you're wonderful........God.....you're great," moaned Allan. Allan lengthen his strokes, driving deep into her pussy and withdrawing to the head of his prick before ramming it down into that wonderfully tight, hot, wet pussy again. He drove his prick deep into her and holding it there rolled over and put Susan on top. "Now, you fuck me. I want you to fuck me. Susie, fuck me...fuck me as hard as you can. God, I want you so much.

Susan began to lift her ass and drive her pussy down on Allan's rigid prick - she could feel his hands on her buttocks helping to force her pussy down on his prick as he thrust up to meet her. Pushing her pussy down on his prick Susan sat up and ground her pussy into his pelvic region forcing his prick as deep as possible into her aching pussy. As she pumped her pussy up and down on his prick, Allan began to play with her tits, teasing her nipples with his fingers. Susan groaned, "Ohhh Allan that feels so goooood.....suck my tits......please suck them....hard." As Allan sucked her tit, Susan increased the tempo of her pumping, "Ohhhhh....God.....I love to fuck you, Allan....I love to."

Allan reached down to her pussy and began to finger her clitoris, taking the swollen, engorged clit between his fingers and tweaking it. Susan began to pound her pussy even harder on his prick, moaning, "Oohhhhh....Allan I'm going to cum....NOW......NOW.....I'm cummiiiiiinnnggg."

Allan grabbed her buttocks and thrust his prick into her, meeting the downward thrusts of her pussy, grinding his hips into her. Allan gasped, "Susie......Susieeee," as he felt his cum spew into the rubber.

Susan collapsed on his chest, her breath blowing his chest hairs awry. They lay there holding one another as his prick slowly soften in her pussy. "Susie, you're wonderful," whispered Allan softly. "Just wonderful."

"You're pretty wonderful yourself," Susan answered quietly, her lips brushing the nipple on his chest. "That's a wonderful 'Little Fellow' you have down there."

Allan laughed and lifted Susan's head and gave her a tender slow kiss. "Maybe, but that's quite a place he keeps visiting." As Susan started to roll off him, Allan said, "Wait. Let me hold on to the rubber...it might come off again."

Susan chuckled and rolled off while Allan held the rubber in place. Sitting up Susan slid the cum filled rubber off his limp prick. Lowering her head Susan took his cum coated prick in her mouth and sucked him clean. Allan moaned as she finished sucking him and kissed his prick. "No more life in him right now," said Susan. "We'll let the little fellow rest," she said as she laid down and snuggled up to Allan twisting his chest hairs around her fingers and kissing the nipple on his chest.

As they lay there quietly, enjoying the contented feeling left by their orgasms, Allan stroked Susan's hair, "How did I get so lucky to find you? You're so damn beautiful - I've never even had a girlfriend before. Most of the dates I went on turned out to be disasters."

"You never had a girlfriend?"

"Not really. Dad was managing this huge tree farm for the company. We lived so far out, the closest town was over sixty miles away. I didn't actually go to school until the ninth grade. Mom was a teacher so she taught me at home. Allan paused, "After Mom got sick the first time, Dad transferred here to be near medical facilities. I had a hard time fitting in at school......heck, I had never been around that many kids before, especially girls."

Susan laughed, "Well it's just my good luck I found you before they discovered what they were missing." Susan raised her head and gave him a quick kiss on the lips. "I like what I found," she said giving him a deep tender kiss.

Allan hugged her, brushing her hair back so he could see her eyes, he asked, "Do girls think about....you know talk about....about sex, as much as boys?"

"I don't know if it is as much," laughed Susan. "I know any time you get a group of girls together, sooner or later, the conversation is going to be about sex. I think everybody thinks about it, even your Dad, my Mom. I suppose everyone has sexual fantasies of one kind or another."

"Hmmm, do you have a sexual fantasy?" asked Allan.

"Well kinda....Don't you have one or two? Isn't there something you daydream about when you play with this little fellow?" asked Susan as she gently gripped his limp prick. "Or something you dream about when you have a wet dream?"

"I guess so....I guess that's what you'd call them. Although, lately all I think of is you." Allan gave her a quick kiss, "Do girls have wet dreams?"

Susan laughed, "Well not like yours, we don't cum all over the bed sheet, but, yeah, we have sexy dreams....I dreamed about you the other night after we kissed on the porch."

"Really, what did you dream about me?"

Susan chuckled, and kissed him, "I dreamed we made out on the porch, in the glider. I woke up before I climaxed, but my pussy was soaking wet. I finished myself off with my fingers."

Allan kissed her gently and asked, "What's your fantasy?"

Susan chuckled, "Okay, I'll tell you mine, if you'll tell me your's.....OK?"

Allan nodded yes.....Susan gave him a quick kiss and began, "I'm with someone, no one specific, they're good looking, well built. With out getting rough he removes all my clothes and ties me to the bed....I'm spread eagle on the bed totally naked. He gets undressed and he has a huge hard-on, as big as your little fellow," she says as she grips his prick and gently squeezes it. "He never hurts me but he begins to play with my pussy, tits, makes me lick and suck his cock. What happens varies. One time he screws me, but stops short of letting me cum until I beg for it, another time he screws my tits and shoots a load cum all over my face, anther one he ties me face down and puts a vibrator in my pussy and screws me in my ass.....it just goes on an on. Oh yeah, sometimes I'm blindfolded when he does it, so I don't know what is going to happen until it does."

"Does that sound crazy?" Susan gently sucked on his nipple, "Okay, now what's your fantasy, you said you would tell me. If you don't tell me, I'll bite your nipple off."

"Better that than something else," said Allan. Then as Susan gently took his nipple between her teeth, he laughed, "OK....OK, I'll tell you. I'll see some one I like and at night imagine I've with them. You know that first time we went out, I came home and jerked off thinking of you. In fact, I did it almost every night that week, and that Friday night, after we'd kissed, I made myself cum twice."

Allan paused, "You know there is one daydream, about sex, that I have a lot times. It's one where I'm hitch-hiking, camping, something - the camping one is my favorite, and I meet or get picked up by two beautiful girls...the weather turns bad and we're stranded together. We end up doing everything, one sitting on my face while I eat her and the other one is on my cock, or one girl is eating the other girl while I'm screwing her doggie style. The combinations go on and on. It's always just me and two girls, never another guy or even three girls."

Allan pulled Susan to him and kissed her, "You know, I haven't even thought about that daydream since I met you. To me you're a fantasy come true."

Susan kissed him, thrusting her tongue into his mouth and holding him tight. As she broke the kiss, she whispered, "Allan...you're all the fantasy I've needed. I never knew sex could be this good."

Allan kissed her back, "Neither did I.....I still can't believe how lucky I am." Allan smiled at her, "I liked your fantasy, maybe you'll let me make it come true for you."

Susan laughed, "Yeah, you would, wouldn't you.

Susan gave him a deep kiss, "We'll try anything you want to try. I don't think I have any hang ups about sex; it's suppose to be enjoyable." She gave him another quick kiss, "I'm certainly enjoying it with you. In fact, the next time I'm in the bookstore, I'm going to pickup one of those books, you know, 101 Ways to Satisfy Your Man."

Allan pulled her close and nibbling at her ear whispered, "You're fantastic, you really are."

Fondling his prick, Susan laughed, "Well fantastic or not, right now I just want get this little fellow interested in some action." She kissed him on the stomach and then took his limp prick into her mouth, teasing it with her tongue. She could feel his prick growing larger, filling her mouth, and then pressing against her throat making it hard to breath.

Raising her head, she gently sucked on the head of his prick, stroking it with her tongue. Then giving it a kiss, she laid down on top of Allan fitting his now hard rigid prick between her thighs letting his shaft press against her wet pussy lips.

Susan kissed him. "That really turns me on, feeling it grow like that in my mouth, getting so large and so hard."

Allan chuckled, "If turns you on, imagine what it does to me."

She reached down and guided his prick between the lips of her pussy and into her hot tunnel, pushing her pussy onto his prick.

"Susie, I don't have a rubber on. Let me get one."

"I want to be able to feel you...really feel you in me, not a rubber. It should be safe, I double checked the dates of my period." She kissed him pushing her pussy even further down on his prick. "Doesn't that feel better - it does to me, I love it. I want to be able to feel you, all of you, and to feel you cum in my pussy."

"Oh Susie," he moaned softly as he thrust his prick up driving it deep into her hot moist cunt. "Oh God, it feels wonderful, like a hot, wet velvet glove is gripping me."

She began to move her ass slowly up and down, sliding his rigid shaft in and out her aching pussy. "Go slow...make it last a long time. Oh God, you feel good...I can really feel you," whispered Susan. "That's it nice and slow....yes..yes, get deep into me, as deep as you can." She kissed him running her tongue into his mouth as she barely moved her pussy up and down, only a couple of inches, on his rigid prick.

After a few minutes of this, Allan grabbed her buttocks and held her still against his prick. "Oh Susie, wait..wait, don't move. Let me calm down for a minute...I don't want to cum yet."

She kissed and hugged him to her, "That's okay...Take your time...it feels good just having you in me. I love the way you feel. When you get ready, roll us over...you get on top."

He gripped her buttock with his right hand and holding her tight against him, they rolled over never letting his prick escape from its velvet prison. Susan wrapped her legs around his upper thighs holding him even tighter against her as Allan began to slowly stroke his prick into her aching cunt. She gripped his buttocks in her hands and pulled him into her pussy, wanting to get his prick as deep into her as possible.

After quite a few minutes of Allan slowly stroking his prick into her aching cunt, Susan began to moan softly and thrust her hips up to meet his prick on its downward plunge, "OH Allan, I'm not.....I can't wait....I'm going to cum. I want you...I want you now. Fuck me...fuck me as hard as you can."

He lengthen the strokes and began to drive his prick into her pussy faster. The wet sounds of his prick going into her dripping pussy just excited Susan even more, and she gripped his buttocks even harder, pulling him into her pussy. She could feel her fingers digging into his flesh. "OOHHhhhh Allan....Allan. That's good.....so good," she moaned. "OOhh My God....I'm cumming. Don't stop....Harder, Fuck Me Harder. OH God...oohhhh."

Susan's climax triggered Allan's when he felt the tremors in her body and her pussy gripping his throbbing prick like a soft wet vise. With a loud moan he rammed his prick as deep into her pussy as he could and felt it erupt again and again as he spewed his cum into her cunt. With a soft moan Allan collapsed on to Susan, hugging her to him, his prick still buried deep in her.

"Damn, I've never cum like that before...that hard," gasped Allan.

Panting, Susan hugged him whispering, "Neither have I....not that intense. I felt that all the way down to my toes."

When he started to roll off her, she held him even tighter. "No, stay there. I like to feel you in me...I don't want it to end yet. Hold me...hold me tight."

"I'm too heavy laying on you like this. We'll just roll over on our side." He held her tight against him as they rolled over, his prick still buried in her pussy. "There, you've still got me where you want me."

She kissed him gently and then buried her face against his neck. "I'm totally wiped out. I think I'd have a hard time standing up right now. My legs feel too weak." Susan chuckled, "If I have a G spot you must have found it that time."

Allan brushed her hair back and kissed her ear, running his tongue around the contours of her ear. "Susie, just lay here...I'll hold you. I love holding you like this. We don't have to go out. I'll throw a pizza in the oven and we'll eat here."

"Good. I just want to lie here with you, let you hold me and get a few minutes rest. I'm so tired."

Allan held Susan in his arms as she dozed off to sleep. Glancing at the clock he saw it was only 6:15, so he shut his eyes as well - he was tired. He didn't even feel it when his limp prick was squeezed from her tight cum filled pussy.

To Be Continued...