 "I wonder what happened to Tracey," said Allan as he and Susan entered the tent.

"The car is here, so she got back," replied Susan. Susan saw the note on the camp table and picking it up, quickly read it, and laughed.

"What is it?" asked Allan.

"We don't have to worry about Tracey," said Susan, then read the note aloud. "I ran into Brent at the gift shop. He's giving me a tour of the park. Don't know when I'll be back. You guys have fun. Love, Tracey." Susan chuckled, "Tracey may be the one having fun." She gave Allan a quick kiss, "All we've had today is a lot of sun."

Allan put his arms around her, "We can correct that real quick," he said as he undid her bra strap, freeing her tits. Allan kissed her gently running his tongue into her mouth and pressing her to him. "Hmmm, I've been wanting to do this all day," said Allan as he lowered his head to her tits and began to tongue her nipples one after the other.

Susan could feel his sudden erection pressing against her, she put her hands on his ears and gently pulled his head up and looked him the eyes. "You mean to tell me you're horny after yesterday. I thought we wore you out."

"Oh Susie, I'll always be horny for you - I'll always want you," whispered Allan as he pulled her down to the air mattress and fumbled with the snap to her bikini bottom. Susan slipped her bra top and her bottom off. Allan's hand began to stroke her pussy lips, letting his finger slip between them and tease her pussy hole. "Susie, I love you and I'll always want you," said Allan huskily.

Susan kissed him driving her tongue deep into his mouth, dueling with his tongue. "Allan...Allan," moaned Susan softly, "I love you too, and I want you. I always want you." Susan gripped his prick and gently squeezed it; it was causing his swimming trunks to stick out like a small tent. She grasped the waistband and pulled them down pass his knees. He quickly kicked them off. She rolled against him so they were lying toe to toe, her nipples sticking in to his chest like small darts, his prick sliding between her thighs, his shaft rubbing against her pussy. "Oh God, Allan, I love you so much and I want you now, right now."

"I want to make love to you first," said Allan. He ran his tongue down the side of her neck, kissing it. His tongue traced a trail down to her tit and its nipple, then down her body to the top of her cunt. He tongued around the edges of her pubic hair and spreading her legs, stroked his tongue between the lips of her pussy, teasing her by sticking his tongue into her pussy hole and then withdrawing it. "Susie, you're beautiful.....you taste so good," murmured Allan as his tongue probed her pussy. His tongue found her clitoris and he started to suck it between his lips, tonguing it with rapid flicks of the tip of his tongue. As he sucked and tongued her clit, he stuck one, then two fingers, into her pussy and began to finger fuck her. He heard Susie moaning that she wanted him in her, "Not yet, Susie. Not yet. I want to get you so hot you'll cum as soon as I stick my prick in you...and keep on cumming." He began to suck harder on her clit while rapidly stroking his two fingers as deep as he could into her pussy.

After a few minutes of this, Allan felt Susan's legs begin to tremble and felt her pushing her pussy against his fingers and against his mouth. As she began to moan, Allan raised up, kneeling between her legs, he gripped her hips, lifted them and shoved his prick between her sopping wet pussy lips. He drove his prick deep into her pussy in one thrust. He could feel Susan's body stiffen and her legs grip him in a vise as she moaned loudly and climaxed. Allan began to rapidly drive his prick in and out her pussy, taking deep, long strokes.

"Ohhhhhh.......Allan....Allan.....I'm cumming......I'm cumming," gasped Susan. When Allan slowed down his thrusts into her pussy, Susan cried, "Don't stop....don't stop.....Fuck me harder.....fuck me as deep as you can.....That's it....that's it..... fuck me hard."

Allan was driving his prick as deep into her pussy as he could. He had spread her legs even wider to gain more access to her drenched pussy. As his prick stroked in and out, he could hear a loud squishing sound caused by the pussy juices that were flowing so freely. She was so wet, he could feel her pussy juices running down his sac, coating his balls. As he continued to pump his prick into her pussy, Susan began to moan again.

"Allan....OOHHhhhhhhhh.....I'm cumming......cumming again.....FUCK ME.....FUCK ME HARDER......Ohhhhh Allan, cried Susan.

Allan could feel the tension building in his own loins as Susan cried out. Driving his prick as deep as possible, he pulled her hips to him and felt his prick erupt, spewing cum into the depths of Susan's throbbing pussy. Her pussy seem to grip his prick, milking it, as it throbbed and spewed forth its load of cum. Allan slowly lowered his body down atop Susan and kissed her gently, letting his prick remained buried in her pussy. "God, Susie....that was good as it can be......Oh Susie, I love you," gasped Allan.

Susan didn't say anything....she lay there and held him, gently kissing him, running her tongue gently over his lips. She could still feel a throbbing and quivering sensation in the depths of her pussy from the tremendous climax. She just wanted to lay there and enjoy the feeling. When Allan started to roll off her, she gripped him tighter. "No...stay there, you feel so good...I just want to hold you....feel you in me."

"I'm too heavy," said Allan.

"No you're not," said Susan, hugging him even tighter. "I'm not a doll, I won't break. I love to feel you on me...to feel you in me," she pushed her hips up against him for emphasis. "I love you, Allan....I never thought it would happen this fast, but I'm sure...sure I love you."

"And I love you, Susie....I love you so much," responded Allan. "I love holding you too, but we had better get up. What if Tracey and Brent come here?"

Susan chuckled, "I don't think we'd surprise them any. Anyway, how do we know that they aren't doing the same thing right now....Brent was nice looking -- not as good as you -- and Tracey seemed to be interested in him."

"You really think so," said Allan.

"I hope so," replied Susan. "Tracey took Dad's death awfully hard...we all did...but it seemed worse for Tracey. Dad loved both of us, but Tracey was the baby...she was Daddy's girl. She's had trouble sleeping by herself ever since the accident. She'll sleep with me whenever she can, that's why we've become so close since Dad died. It would be good for her if she and Brent had something going, even it is just for time we're up here. It would help her get her confidence back and get over the whole thing."

"That's why I love you," said Allan. "You're smart... kind... beautiful... sexy... and....... you can fuck like crazy."

Susan laughed and growled, "Why you," as she gently caught his ear lobe between her teeth, "I ought to bite this off," she muttered into his ear. To herself, Susan thought, "Lord, I'm happy, as happy as I have ever been, and we still have tonight and tomorrow."

Susan was correct. At this same time, Tracey was sliding her pussy slowly up and down Brent's rigid prick, savoring the way it seemed to stretch her pussy each time she eased her ass down taking his prick all the way into her already cum drenched pussy. The slight 'sucking and slurping sound' his prick made as it went in and out her wet pussy, just aroused her that much more. "Oh Brent, we'll make it last a long time. Oh..you feel so good in me," whispered Tracey as she pushed her pussy down on Brent's prick, trying to get it even deeper into her throbbing pussy.

As Tracey fucked him, raising and lowering her tight pussy on his shaft, squeezing the cum out of her pussy that he had deposited there earlier, Brent could feel the cum and Tracey's pussy juices flooding his prick, his pubic hair and his balls. Brent wrapped his arms around her and began to thrust his hips up to meet her, driving his prick into her. "Tracey....Tracey...God, you're wonderful.....I love the way you feel....what you're doing to me," gasped Brent.

They kept this slow rhythm up for a long time, then Tracey felt Allan's legs begin to quiver under her and he began to drive his prick into her even harder. Brent moaned, "Oh Tracey, I think I'm going to cum....I can't stop it."

At Brent's moaning, Tracey began to pound her pussy down on his prick as rapidly as she could. She could feel her legs begin to tremble as she strained to get his prick as deep as possible into her now quivering pussy. She buried her face against his neck, sucking his skin into her mouth to muffle her moans, as she felt the tremors start deep in her pussy and radiate throughout her body. She heard Brent moan her name as he grabbed her hips and held her pussy pressed to his prick, spewing his cum deep into her throbbing and quaking pussy.

As her tremors subsided, Tracey moaned softly, "Oh Brent...Brent...that was good, so good. I love what you do to me." Tracey kissed him gently, letting her tongue barely probe his lips.

"I'm sorry, Tracey. I just couldn't keep from cumming. It felt too good."

Tracey gave him a quick kiss, "Silly, you don't have anything to apologize for. You made me cum so hard, I felt it all the way down to my toes." She chuckled, "I'll take that any time you want to do it to me." Tracey wriggled her ass on him, "God, you feel good in me, even soft, I love it."

Brent hugged her, "I wish you could stay with me tonight. It would be great. I don't have to go to work tomorrow till noon."

"Your Fairy Godmother is going to grant your wish, I'd love to stay with you tonight," said Tracey.

"But, what about your sister and Allan, what will they think?"

Tracey laughed, "What do you think they're doing? They're probably making love right now. They had to let me come so my Mom would agree to the camping trip, that's why I wanted to give them some time alone." Tracey kissed him gently, "You're sweet, Brent. I think I could like you a lot."

Brent chuckled and hugged her tight, "I don't think it, I know it. I like you - like you a lot, Tracey." Brent kissed her deeply probing her mouth with tongue. Breaking the kiss, Brent said, "I'm going to come see you when you get home, will that be okay?"

"You know it will. I'd be hurt if you didn't come," said Tracey. "Now, if I'm going to spend the night with you, I need to pick up some things at the tent. Lets go see what we can catch Allan and Susie doing."

It was just beginning to get dark as they pulled up to the tent. "Flash your headlights on the tent," said Tracey. "We'll give them a little warning that we're coming."

As they entered the tent, Susan said, "Well here they are. That must have been some tour you guys took."

Tracey laughed, "Oh well, we had a lot to look at." Tracey smiled at Susan when she noticed that Brent was blushing furiously.

"Why don't you guys, chat while I get my stuff," said Tracey. "I'm going to stay at Brent's cabin tonight."

Allan and Brent walked outside talking, while Tracey and Susan huddled together inside. Tracey told Susan about her day and how it had happened. Susan hugged Tracey, giving her a quick kiss. "I'm glad this trip turned out good for you," said Susan.

"Oh Susie, it was good even before I met Brent, but now, it's perfect," said Tracey.

Tracey and Brent stayed for about an hour, having cokes and talking about school, work, and their hopes, their dreams. After Tracey and Brent had left, Susan turned to Allan, kissed him, and said, "I think this trip was just what Tracey needed....I haven't seen her this happy since Dad died."

"Good. Brent seems to be a pretty good guy, too - he certainly likes Tracey. He suggested I might want to room with him at school. His roommate flunked out last year. He said when I go up for the 'Orientation Session for Transfer Students' next week, they'll assign me to a dorm. He said to ask for his and gave me his room number."

Taking Allan's hand and pulling him back into the tent, Susan said, "Great, now that we have Tracey taken care of for the night, I have some things you need to take care of." Susan smiled, "We've got the whole night to ourselves....plenty of time to do it."

"Lord, the time passed fast," thought Susan. "Now we're headed home." She glanced at Tracey in the back seat of the car. Tracey was dead to the world, sound asleep. Susan laughed quietly as she snuggled up to Allan and he put his right arm around her shoulder, giving her a small hug. Susan raised her head up, kissing him on his ear and gently tonguing his ear lobe. "Tracey's sound asleep, she must not have gotten much sleep last night," chuckled Susan. "Come to think of it, we didn't get much sleep either," she whispered as she stroked his thigh.

"Who wanted to sleep," said Allan softly, turning his head and giving Susan a quick kiss, then turning back to the road. "It was our last night." He glanced at Susan then back to the road. "Susie, I won't ever forget this camping trip...it's the best thing that ever happened to me."

Susan smiled and kissed his neck, nuzzling it and licking it with her tongue, "I know. It was wonderful for me too. I didn't want it to end." Her hand stroked higher up Allan's thigh. She could feel his prick beginning to grow larger as she stroked him. "Hmmm," whispered Susan, "my little fellow is getting excited."

"You don't want to start something we can't finish."

"Who says I can't finish it?" Susan unzipped his trousers, and reaching in, withdrew his semi-hard prick and began to fondle it. Susan glanced at Tracey, she was still asleep, then sliding down on the front seat, she lowered her mouth to Allan's prick. She gently tongued the large head and then slipped her lips over it. She felt it swell and immediately become hard, filling her mouth. She stroked the satiny skin of the head with her tongue, probing at his slit. Lifting her head, she whispered, "God, you taste good...so sweet." She lowered her head and took him in her mouth again. She began to pump her head up and down on this prick. The steering wheel restricted her movements upward, so she concentrated upon tonguing the sensitive head, enjoying the feel of her tongue circling the crown of his prick and probing at its slit.

Susan took her time, pausing in the sucking to tongue him, licking at the slit for any pre-cum. Turning her head sideways in his lap she tongued the underside of his shaft, moving her tongue up to the little 'v' cleavage on the underside of the head of his prick. She teased it with the tip of her tongue, licking the ridge of his crown and pushing her tongue into the cleavage and up to the slit in the head of his prick. Raising up she kissed Allan's neck and tongued his ear while she slowly stroked his prick. "Do you like that," she whispered in his ear, "do you like what I'm doing to your lovely prick?"

"I love it," said Allan. "Thank God, Dad got cruise control on this car or I'd have to pull over."

Susan laughed quietly, "You just pay attention to the road. I'll take care of this 'Big Fellow," she whispered. Lowering her head back to his lap, she looked at the pre-cum that had oozed from the slit in the head of his prick, using the tip of her tongue, she spread it over the head of his prick and then slipped his prick into her mouth. She began taking his prick all the way in to the back of her throat, swirling her tongue around the head as she withdrew to the top of his prick. She held the head of his prick just within her mouth and sucked at vigorously while running her tongue around the crown. Then she resumed pumping her mouth up and down his shaft. She could feel Allan squirm as she took him deep within her throat.

When she felt a tremor in Allan's thighs, she slid her hand into his pants and fondled his balls as she took his prick as deep as possible into her throat. Her nose was pressed into his prick hair and his hair was tickling her nose...she had to breathe through her nose, Allan's prick totally filled her mouth. She felt Allan's prick begin to throb and felt his hand on her head gently pressing her to his prick, then his prick erupted with a torrent of cum, almost choking her. Susan swallowed quickly sucking him hard, as he pumped shot after shot of cum into the back of her throat. As the spurts of cum lessened, Susan slowed her sucking and gently sucked his prick until she felt it begin to soften and shrivel up, losing its proud hardness.

Sitting up, Susan eased his limp penis back into his pants and zipped him up. Snuggling up to Allan, she whispered, "I told you I could finish what I started."

Allan gave her quick kiss, "Susie, I love you....that was great."

Susan chuckled, "I love to do that to you....to feel that hard prick cum...go all soft...to know I did it, caused it to go so soft." Susan gave Allan a kiss on the neck, "Lord, you had a lot cum, I didn't think you were ever going to stop cumming. Making love must not use it up," she said laughing quietly, "it makes you produce more of it." Susan glanced back at Tracey...Tracey was still sound asleep. Susan laid her head on Allan's shoulder and closed eyes, she was just a little sleepy herself.

Allan glanced at Susan, she had dozed off. "God, I love her," thought Allan. "I don't know how I got so lucky." Allan glanced at his watch, they still had about forty minutes before they would be home. Looking at Susan he thought, "I'm going to miss her when school starts, but I'm going to try and come home at least every other weekend. The way I feel though, even that won't be often enough."

To Be Continued...