 She could tell by the way he looked at her and casually touched her arm that he wanted her. The flirting and close dancing had her really horny. He had already asked if she wanted to get out of there. To her that was the same as asking her if she wanted to get laid. Both of them being a little drunk she wasn't sure how far she wanted it to go. There was no denying her attraction to him. In the back of her mind she knew she wanted to have sex with him but her husband was picking her up in an hour or so.

When her cell phone rang she went to the ladies room so she could hear better. It was her husband telling her he couldn't pick her up. As a matter of fact he would be home quite late and told her not to wait up for him. The sounds of women giggling in the background told her he probably wouldn't be home at all tonight. She was used to it by now and it really didn't bother her that much.

She went back to the party, picked up a bottle of wine and said to him "let's go." He drove with one hand on the wheel and the other on her thigh. She did nothing to dissuade him from feeling her pussy through her slacks. When they got to the motel she offered him some wine. He took the bottle from her hand and put it on the table. He had only one thing on his mind and wouldn't be denied. He took her into his arms and kissed her passionately. Any hesitation she may have had faded away under his kisses. He pulled her close and when their bodies made contact they went into auto fucking motion. Their pelvises ground against each other, in search of the pleasure giving friction their aroused genitals craved.

He took her hand and placed it on the bulge in his jeans. Once she felt it she knew she was done for. She rubbed her hand over the length of the outline feeling it get harder and harder. Now she wanted it, she felt her nipples and clit react to her thoughts of having it in her mouth.

"Take it out" she said to him "I want to suck it."

"Take it out for me" he panted.

She hastily fumbled with his belt buckle and zipper, slipped her hand into his shorts and wrapped it around his hard, throbbing prick. Soon she had it out and fully erect. She dropped to her knees and, as if hypnotized by his manhood, became obsessed by her desire to pleasure it.

She knew she was an easy mark for a hard cock, with an overwhelming desire to get it in her mouth. She didn't allow herself to think about it, but way down deep she knew, that at her present state of arousal if she were surrounded by stiff cocks she couldn't stop until she sucked them all dry, one after another.

The thought almost made her cum as her concentration returned to the job at hand. She took the cap in just beyond her teeth, pushed it against the roof of her mouth with her tongue then closed her lips tight around the shaft and sucked hard.

His body stiffened and he let out a long groan as if she was torturing him. This was the part she liked best, the feeling of power and control. She knew now that there was nothing she could do to it, except biting it too hard, that he wouldn't love. She also knew that he was watching her blow him, and the hornier she got doing it the better he liked it. Lucky for the both of them she didn't have to fake it.

She was at the point where she couldn't get enough and would seriously consider a second man to help satisfy her lust. Her pussy was dripping and her nipples and clit screamed for contact. She didn't want to give in to her desires until she felt the big stiff cock, which she was sucking on, deep inside her hungry pussy.

She sucked, licked and jerked his cock in a frenzy of blind horniness. Suddenly the object of her desire was pulled from her mouth. Without speaking he got her to stand and led her to the bed. He tugged on her slacks while she unfastened them; soon they were around her ankles. He got her to lie down on the bed then slipped off her cream stained panties.

He watched her unbutton her blouse and free her tits from her bra. The look of unadulterated lust on his face, as his eyes scanned her, sent shivers of anticipation through her.

That look told her that he had reached his limit and that she was in for one hell of a fucking.

He hastily lined up his huge pecked between her pussy lips, paused for a moment, and then fucked her fast and hard. She shrieked with delight when he pierced her. The only thing that could have made it better was if she had a nice big stiff one to suck on while being drilled.

She didn't remember enjoying being fucked more, but she wasn't getting enough clitoral contact. "Let me get on top" she said. He pulled out of her and fell back. She straddled him and guided his cock into her insatiable pussy then rode it like she was riding a wild bronco.

He sucked her nipples and squeezed her ass while she fucked him. She placed her hand under his chin and removed his mouth from her tit. Then she replaced the nipple he was sucking on with her tongue. She pushed her pussy down hard and ground her clit into him setting off a monstrous orgasm.

Her thoughts returned to the big cock she was riding. "Let me know when you're going to cum" she whispered in his ear. "I want you to cum in my mouth."

What she said to him sent him over the edge. "I'm ready baby, aweeeee, I'm cuming right now" he groaned.

She quickly dismounted him and took his already discharging cock in her hand. She squeezed the shaft and quickly jammed it into her mouth, then hungrily sucked on it until his moaning ceased and his body went limp.

She cuddled up to him, resting her head on his shoulder. She knew he was done for the moment but she wanted more. While gently caressing his chest and belly she kept an eye on his cock for signs of life. She hoped that if she was patient enough she'd get to taste him once more before they leave.

She was disappointed when he kissed her and got up and went to the bathroom. That was it she thought, they'd shower, get dressed and be on their way, no more sex.

Lying there alone, listening to the sound of the shower running, she was still very horny. She imagined him thinking of her in the shower and jerking off. Her fingers found her love bud while picturing him squeezing his big, stiff cock. Oh yeah, her dirty thoughts and clit stimulation were having their affect.

She spread her legs and planted her feet then moved her hips up and down as if she was being fucked. All her senses were overwhelmed by the rush of mounting pleasure so she didn't notice that the sound of the shower had stopped.

Her orgy of self indulgence was interrupted by a single word, "wow." She opened her eyes and saw him standing there watching her. Her surprise and disappointment over being interrupted were offset when she noticed his cock. Although it wasn't rigid it was puffed up to twice its flaccid size. She knew a few sucks would have it as hard as a rock again.

She felt as though she should be embarrassed, but wasn't, just extra horny. She smiled at him and beckoned for him to join her. He knelt on the bed and put a hand on each of her knees and pushed them apart.

He admired her sopping pussy for a moment then bent down and kissed it. This was an unexpected bonus. She raised her ass from the bed to meet his mouth. His tongue washed the length of her slit from bottom to top where her throbbing clit poked out from under its hood.

His tongue and lips made exquisite love to her receptive love button culminating in another massive climax for her. Now she wanted to reward him, she wanted that cock which was pointing straight at her from between her legs.

The way she yearningly looked at it caused it to twitch in anticipation and he felt his scrotum tighten. She started to move towards it. "Wait" he said "I just want to have a few pokes, then it's all yours.

He slid his cock easily into her well lubricated pussy. He remained in the kneeling position between her thighs and slowly moved his hips back and forth as he fucked her.

While he was fucking she was thinking of how his cock will taste of pussy when she gets it in her mouth. She raked her fingernails over his chest as her lusty desire to suck his cock became more prevalent.

When he pulled it out and presented it to her it was as hard as steel and glistening with her pussy cream. "Mmmmm" she moaned as it slid into her mouth and she tasted the combination of cock and pussy. Truly content with a big stiff cock to suck on she knew, that by his hand or hers, she would cum once more before she was done.