 I awoke in the middle of the night, feeling a little confused as one always does in the seconds after regaining consciousness from Morpheus' realm. Wondering what may have caused the disturbance in my otherwise deep sleep, I soon became painfully aware of Andrea's head on the inside of my right upper arm, strangulating by blood-circulation and causing the feeling of utter numbness which had made me wake up.

Not wanting to disturb her sleep, I kept still, hoping that she would roll over during one of the many subconscious movements one makes in the night and release my arm. But women being the spiteful beings they are, she, of course, didn't do me the favour. 

I grasped the opportunity to breathe in her personal fragrance. Actually, it was not particularly heady the way some women smell - a scent that can be so alluring that it goes directly into your cock and causes an A+ erection sometimes. Hers was more like peppermint or menthol, not very exciting, but blended with it was also the smell of our lovemaking from only a few hours ago, the fragrance of a woman I had slept with, and that definitely upgraded my nasal experience, making it rather irrelevant how I might have perceived her aroma before fornication.

Anyway, she was not going to move by an inch no matter how hard and fervently I might have prayed, and since I wanted my arm to be fully operational by tomorrow and not dangling necrotized and rather lifeless from my right shoulder, I was forced to - gently - lift her head with my free left hand so that I could deliver my imprisoned extremity.

The operation was a success: Andrea remained asleep and my arm was being pumped back to life by my happily-pounding heart. Since she dreamed on unperturbed, I thought I might just as well go to the washroom to relieve myself. I got up and padded to my nightly destination, the moonglow piercing the curtains giving me ample light.

*****

'Hi,' I greeted Andrea upon seeing her entering the auditorium No 3 of our university. No response. 'What the f**k!' I cursed mentally. This had been going on for some time now. At the beginning of the semester we made our first real contact. I've known her face for a year, but, well, I guess I didn't deem her beautiful enough to start a conversation, me being single and looking, especially since she is smoking and I'm non-smoker. But I also knew that she was rather clever, a thoughtful person, and I like that about women, so at the beginning of this semester, when I saw her in one of the auditoriums, I jokingly asked her if the seat beside her was still free and sat down with a grin. She smiled back.

A few weeks afterwards we had our first real heart-to-heart talk. We had a chat about one of her stays in a foreign country. She seemed to have liked her stay so much that I jokingly asked her why she even came back and after some hesitation she told me of a stupid situation she might not have come out alive i.e. 'gone missing'. But she was lucky, although her life had changed forever. I was of course impressed by the courage she had mustered to tell me the whole story and I repaid her in kind, by sharing with her very intimate details from my life I had related to nobody else before and something like friendship arose between us.

But after the Christmas break IT happened. I had called her twice during the holidays and it seems my calls had been well received. I was looking forward to seeing her again at one of the courses we both have and perhaps going out for lunch with her someday during the week. She came in when I was already seated, saw me, mumbled something, and sat down somewhere else. Great! Fantastic!! How wonderfully, exceptionally terrific!!!

I was rather mad at her. Perhaps she didn't join me because another female had parked her stupid ass two seats beside me, blocking access for Andrea. But still!

Anyway, the whole affair continued like that for the weeks to come. It was quite impossible to engage in sensible conversation, let alone snatch a smile from her, and what bugged me most, was that I had frankly no idea what had caused her to keep her distance, so as not to use the word hostility; towards others she was behaving quite normally though.

One day, I finally had had enough of it. I mean what the f**k. I behaved in a friendly way, and all I got was acidic remarks at best. After another one of these comments of hers, just after both of us had finished for the day - and don't ask my what it was she said - I eventually lost my patience. 'We gotta talk,' I said in a slightly heated tone, staring her straight in the eyes.

I think Andrea knew what was coming, that I was closing in for the kill, so to speak, and tried her usual escape route. 'Look,' she said, 'I'm real busy now, there's sooo much I gotta do, but...'. I simply ignored her and planted my arm on the wall, between her and the way to the exit. 

A look of astonishment passed her eyes, as the guy she knew to be a little bit of the dreamy and pensive sort, all of a sudden became a lot more macho-like. Still, she didn't give up and, as a last resort, she tried to ignore me herself by lowering her head and walking around me. 

She didn't get very far because I quickly pivoted to face towards her intended path of flight and, much to my own surprise, my arms snaked towards her elbows and held her tight from behind, one on each side. I was not too much afraid of causing a scene, since we were in a remote part of the university and the other students from our course had left a while ago.

Andrea froze. She couldn't believe what I had just done, and to be honest, I couldn't believe it either. But still I here I was standing and successfully preventing her from leaving my presence. One second passed ... Two... Three...

'So are we going to stand here all day or what,' Andrea tartly intoned. 

'That is not altogether unlikely,' I replied in a Spock-like way, analytical and very composed. 'Unless, of course...'

Now I don't know what I expected to happen next, but I definitely didn't expect Andrea to break into tears and to start shaking in my hands. At first I thought it maybe was some sort of decoy, so that I would let her go, but when she bent forward under her sobs and cried bitterly, I knew it was real.

I let her go instantly, and she collapsed on her knees and wrists. 'Andrea, I didn't mean to... I mean I...'.

'It's ok,' she said after some time in a small sad voice in between sobs and hastily wiping her tears away with her sleeves. 'You want me, don't you? But do you know how feel when I get left behind, when a relationship ends, when you give someone your heart and he steps on it? When he fucks you and tells you afterwards, ``Oh, by the way, it's over.''. You see, my problem is that I love too much, it's all or nothing with me. Do you understand what that means? Have you got any idea?'. Her last sentence came as a whisper and she had turned her head to the right in my direction so that she could see me from the corner of her eyes but at the same time, her eyes were also averted from me. 

So that's what all the fuss was about! She was afraid of being hurt again, so she had evaded and snubbed me all the time. I knew she was very vulnerable now and that I had to answer carefully. So I said nothing.

Instead I extended my left hand to where she was kneeling before me, palm upwards. By now she was looking at me and studying my face intently. Finally she sighed, grasped my outstretched hand and elevated herself. 'No risk, no fun, I guess.'

***** 

When I returned from the washroom I saw that Andrea was watching me from the bed. 'I really like your dick,' she said. 'Come over and put it someplace where it's nice and warm,' she added with a lopsided and slightly wicked grin. Then she slowly raised her legs under the blanket, spreading them slightly and beckoning me with her index finger. 'Put it right here,' she crooned, sliding her other hand down to her crotch where, judging by her facial expression and deep intake of breath through her wide open mouth, she slowly inserted one of her fingers into her vagina.

I willingly obliged by crawling back under the blanket with her from the foot-end of the bed. While still below the blanket with my feet sticking out, I gripped the wrist of the hand she was fingering herself with, unplugged her middle finger from her pussy and put it into my mouth where I eagerly licked off the sticky substance from her plum.

When her finger was clean, I parted her legs a little bit further and kissed her luscious outer labia, flicking my tongue over her clit.

'I want to feel you inside me,' I heard Andrea's muffled voice say, already moaning sweetly. 'Slut,' I replied mentally, grinning to myself and the increasingly wet vulva in front of my face because of the unheard joke and my fondness for Andrea. 

I inserted my middle finger into her pussy which tightened momentarily in accepting my feeler but relaxed quickly afterwards. I then started to make beckoning motions as if to lure an animal out of Andrea's vulva, my fingertip massaging her g-point which I had discovered pretty soon when we first arrived at her place. With my other hand, I spread her outer lips, my tongue stimulating her clit. Andrea became wet and juicy and started to moan, and when her sticky pussy suddenly started to pulsate rhythmically a knew that she was having a wonderful orgasm.

While I was satisfying Andrea I had naturally become aroused, and by the time her pussy was convulsing in climax, my dick was dripping with prostate fluid and a small puddle had already formed under the spot where it had been resting on Andrea's bed.

I slid upwards on Andrea's sweaty and heated body and emerged from under the blanket like a diver from the sea and while Andrea was still on her peak, I rammed my prick into her with a swift, single motion.

You should have seen her face: it contorted in the most beautiful fashion as I filled her out and I tell you, she was having yet another one as she embraced my waist with her thighs to push my dick even deeper inside.

'I want you so much,' I said in a husky voice, and I started to shag her, moving my hips in a steady rhythm, my cock sliding halfway out of her juicy pussy and in again as far as possible with barely audible squishing noises while she was holding me tight with her thighs, her feet hooked behind my back, her hands on my shoulderblades, and I fucked her in this fashion, feeling her excitement build, and then, when she was really close to reaching yet another orgasm, she dug her nails deep into my back and with a painstaking slowness she dragged them down and outwards. I arched my back towards her and groaned.

'Do you like that?' she demanded. 'Do you like my pain?' she asked innocently and emphasized her question by digging in even stronger and scratching me fiercely, leaving red tracks, causing me more of that exquisite feeling.

'Yes,' I whispered hoarsely for whispering was all I felt able to do in my momentary state of mind. I knew that I would be hurting tomorrow, but right now I was so horny that I didn't notice, that I didn't care. I got turned on so much by this that I sped up my rhythm and started to pound on her like mad, knowing that I couldn't keep it up for long, but with Andrea torturing my back, I lost all sense. 

'Yeah, baby, do it to me, fuck me hard, yes, YES!...' Andrea panted equally hard as I and came, and in between her scratching, groaning, writhing and vaginal convulsions, I also came and exploded my semen into her, but not before I had locked my teeth into the muscles above her left collarbone and bitten down into her soft flesh out of mindless excitement, but also because I wanted to leave my mark on her body as she had already left hers on mine. I felt her stiffen, but she accepted gladly since she knew she had already branded me with her sign of love and that it was my turn now to do the same to her.

When we had cooled off, we remained interlocked and fell asleep soon afterwards, both of us knowing that a part of ourselves had gone into the possessions of the other.