 Lisa walked over and sat down on the stool next to Mark.

"So which one are you?" Lisa asked.

Mark looked around to see if she was talking to him.

"Which what am I?" Mark asked.

"We're at a singles bar and you have a wedding ring tan-line. There are 3 possibilities for what you are. You could be a married man out looking for some action on the side. You could be recently divorced or in the process of getting a divorce and you're feeling lonely. Or the rarest of the three you could be a widower that has been missing his beloved for so long that he finally took off his ring and came to a place like this in the hopes of finding some companionship. From the way you're crying into your beer you can't be a guy that's looking for something on the side. So which is it...divorced...or widower?" Lisa asked.

"Um...widower." Mark said.

"Hi widower...I'm divorced. Do you mind if I join you?" Lisa asked.

"No...please do." Mark said.

"I'm Lisa by the way." Lisa said.

"Mark." Mark said.

"It's nice to meet you Mark. How long has it been since she died?" Lisa asked.

"Two years, four months, and eleven days." Mark said.

"I'm sorry. I can't even begin to imagine how hard that must be. It's been rough on me and I stopped loving the bastard. You had yours taken from you." Lisa said.

She saw Mark on the verge of tears.

"Look, I'm sorry, I didn't mean any..." Lisa said.

"No, it's okay. I guess I just wasn't fully ready for this." Mark said.

"Then why are you here?" Lisa asked.

"Some of the guys at work have been encouraging me to come here. They think it's high time I move on with my life and find someone new." Mark said.

"That's stupid of them. If she hadn't died you'd be somewhere with your wife right now instead of sitting here talking to me." Lisa said.

"They don't seem to get that. To them I'm single...not a widower." Mark said.

"Well...if you aren't here looking to move on then what are you looking for?" Lisa asked.

Mark shrugged sheepishly.

"It's been more than two years, four months, and eleven days since...well..." Mark said.

"Oh. You aren't here looking for love...you're just looking for some lovin'." Lisa said.

Mark shrugged.

"Yeah...I know that's terrible, but..." Mark said.

"It's not as terrible as you might think Mark. A lot of people come to places like this for just that reason. In fact, that's what I'm here looking for tonight." Lisa said.

"Really?" Mark asked.

"Yeah. I don't know if you'd be interested or not, but since we both know that we're after the same thing we could get out of here now without waiting around all night and there wouldn't need to be any entanglements later." Lisa said.

Mark turned towards Lisa and looked at her.

"I've...I've never been with..." Mark said.

"Oh the race thing is an issue for you...no big deal. Good luck." Lisa said.

Lisa turned to get off the stool, but Mark touched her arm.

"No please wait. I wasn't going to say that." Mark said.

"Then what were you going to say?" Lisa asked.

"I've never been with anyone but Emily." Mark said.

"Nobody? Were you high school sweethearts or something?" Lisa asked.

"More like sweethearts since birth. Our parents were best friends...we grew up next door to each other. We were together all our lives. I wouldn't even begin to know how to please you." Mark said.

"Mark, my bastard husband hadn't touched me for 5 months before I filed for divorce and it's been nearly 8 months since then so it's been over a year. What I want right now is for a man to make me feel like a woman again. It doesn't have to be some kind of romance novel kind of thing. I just want a man to kiss me and touch me. I want a man to hold me to look at me...to make me feel beautiful and sexy. I want to feel a man's weight on my body. I want to feel him inside me as our bodies couple together. If you can do that then you can give me everything I'm looking for tonight." Lisa said.

Mark looked at Lisa. He smiled for the first time.

"Well...I think I can handle that." Mark said.

"It seems as if we could help each other out then." Lisa said.

"I think you're right. Should we go find out?" Mark asked.

Lisa smiled.

"I came in a cab...do you have a car?" Lisa asked.

"My truck is outside." Mark said.

"Then let's settle up for our drinks and head to my apartment." Lisa said.

Mark paid for their drinks then he and Lisa got in his truck and drove over to her apartment. They went straight to the bedroom, but then they both froze up.

"I guess saying it and doing it are two different things huh?" Lisa asked.

"Yeah. I've never done anything even close to this. I'd known Emily all my life so everything was so easy so natural with her." Mark said.

"Well...if we're going to have sex we should get undressed. We can start with that." Lisa said.

"Okay." Mark said.

Mark unbuttoned his shirt and took it off as Lisa took off her blouse. Mark took off his pants as Lisa took off her short skirt. Lisa reached back to unhook her bra.

"Wait." Mark said.

Lisa stopped and looked at him.

"Did you change your mind about doing this?" Lisa asked.

"No. I'm more comfortable with the idea now. I was wondering if you might indulge me a little." Mark said.

"Indulge you how?" Lisa asked.

"I always used to love looking at my wife in her underwear and then I'd take it off of her before we had sex. Would you let me look at you for a few minutes?" Mark asked.

Lisa smiled.

"Absolutely. I told you earlier that I want someone to look at me and touch me. If you want to look then by all means look." Lisa said.

Lisa stood near the end of her bed and Mark looked her up and down. He walked around behind her and looked at her ass in the white thong panties.

"You have an amazing body Lisa. I really like the contrast between the pure white underwear and your dark skin. It's striking." Mark said.

Lisa's heart had started beating faster as a man...a complete stranger...looked at her in nothing but her underwear, but when he complimented her on her body her heart started really pounding in her chest.

Mark moved back in front of Lisa and moved up close enough to her that they could feel the heat from each other's bodies. Mark reached around behind Lisa and unhooked her bra. Lisa shivered as she felt his fingers pulling the bra down off of her shoulders. The bra slipped down releasing her breasts before it slipped down her arms and dropped to the floor between them.

Mark looked down at Lisa's breasts for a minute before lowering himself to his knees in front of Lisa so that his eyes were at the level of her panties. Mark's hands moved up the outside of Lisa's legs up over her hips to her panties. He hooked his fingers inside the elastic and slowly pulled them down. Mark got his first look at a shaved pussy as he looked at Lisa's dark skinned vagina.

Mark stood back up and stood very close to Lisa.

"You have an absolutely beautiful body Lisa." Mark said.

He leaned in and kissed her. Lisa was the first woman besides his wife that John had ever kissed and Lisa hadn't been kissed in over a year. So on top of being complete strangers they were both a little out of practice as they shared that first kiss.

"Thank you for letting me do that Lisa." Mark whispered.

"Thank you for doing it Mark...it felt so amazing to have you looking at my body and taking my bra and panties off of me. I haven't felt anything like that in a long time." Lisa said.

"Well...now that you're completely naked I feel a little over dressed. I guess I'll just slip out of these." Mark said.

"No...let me. I want to take them off of you." Lisa said.

Mark smiled and Lisa dropped to her knees. She could see the front of Mark's boxers tented out so she knew that he was aroused even before she pulled his boxers down. When she did she was face to face with an 8 inch erection and a pair of large balls. After looking at them for a moment Lisa stood up.

"You have a very nice looking cock Mark. It's got to be 8 inches long and its super thick. If you were the only man your wife was with then she had no idea how lucky she was." Lisa said.

"Oh...thank you." Mark said.

"So what should we do next?" Lisa asked.

"Well I was looking at your breasts and they're a lot different than Emily's were. Could I take a closer look at them and feel them?" Mark asked.

"Absolutely. What's different about them?" Lisa asked.

Mark gently cupped his hands under Lisa's breasts and lifted them a little.

"For one thing they're a good deal larger and certainly heavier. She hardly even needed a bra...her breasts didn't really drop much when she took it off. Yours seem like they'd move around all over the place if you weren't wearing a bra." Mark said.

Lisa laughed. She gently pushed Mark's hands away from her breasts.

"You mean like this?" Lisa asked.

She shook side to side a few times, jumped up and down a few times, and lifted her breasts up and dropped them down a few times as Mark watched on in amazement.

"Does it hurt when they swing around like that?" Mark asked.

"Sometimes...that's why I usually wear a bra. Is the size and weight of them the only difference?" Lisa asked.

"Oh no...definitely not. Her nipples were tiny little pink nubs not much bigger than a quarter. Yours on the other hand are extremely large. May I?" Mark asked.

"Go right ahead." Lisa said.

Mark started gently feeling Lisa's nipples.

"If Emily's nipples had been like this they'd have covered over half of her breasts." Mark said.

Lisa gently pushed Mark's hands away.

"I'm a little sensitive about the size of them Mark." Lisa said.

"I didn't mean to upset you. I was just mentioning the difference. I like yours. I think they look really sexy on your breasts. Could I lick them?" Mark asked.

Lisa laughed. She put her hands under her breasts and lifted them up towards Mark's face.

"Right or left?" Lisa asked.

"Let's start with right, but I'll get to the left one soon enough." Mark said.

Mark cradled Lisa's right breast in his hands and lowered his mouth down until she could feel his hot breath on her breast.

"This close up your nipple looks even more amazing." Mark said.

Lisa moaned softly as Mark wrapped his lips around her nipple and started swirling his tongue around it. Mark kissed and licked his way all over Lisa's nipple taking time to gently nibble and suckle on it several times before switching to the other side and doing the same to her other nipple.

Lisa's sigh showed a hint of disappointment when Mark finally pulled his head away from her breasts. His hands were still cupping her breasts and his thumbs were gently stroking her nipples as he leaned in and kissed her. 

The kiss was much less awkward than the first one had been. Lisa put her arms around Mark's neck and held him in the kiss for several minutes as he continued to hold her breasts and tease her nipples with his thumbs.

When their kiss finally broke Lisa licked her lips.

"God Mark that was incredible. I'm not sure I've ever had my nipples licked and sucked quite like that before." Lisa said.

"I'm glad you liked it. I really enjoyed it too. Can I lick your pussy now?" Mark asked.

Lisa's response was to throw herself on the bed with her pussy right at the edge and her legs open.

"Is that a yes?" Mark asked.

"No...that's a HELL YES YOU CAN LICK MY PUSSY!!!" Lisa said.

Mark moved to his knees between Lisa's legs. He leaned in close and stopped. When she didn't feel anything Lisa lifted her head up off the bed and looked down at John.

"Is something wrong?" Lisa asked.

"No. I'm just taking in the differences between you and Emily. She always let her pubic hair grow all the way out, but there doesn't seem to be one to be found on you." Mark said.

"No, I like to wear skimpy bikinis and dark skin or not pubic hair shows up curling around the edges of a white bikini bottom under the afternoon sun by the pool." Lisa said.

"The other difference that stands out is that Emily's pussy was a soft pale pink that almost blended into her skin. Your skin is darker which makes the pink of your pussy really stand out. It's beautiful." Mark said.

"Thank you." Lisa said.

Mark leaned in and kissed Lisa's pussy. She moaned and her whole body quivered. Mark kissed all up and down her pussy as her arousal opened it more and more and more of her juices started flowing.

When Mark extended his tongue and pulled it from the bottom to the top of her pussy for the first time Lisa inhaled sharply.

"God that feels good." Lisa said.

Mark started slowly licking Lisa's pussy. She was already very aroused so it wasn't going to take much to make her cum. When she did cum Lisa thrashed about on the bed. After her orgasm subsided Lisa tried to sit up, but Mark used his left hand to hold her down to the bed as he continued licking her.

"You want to do that to me again? Well have at it." Lisa said.

Lisa lay back and panted, moaned and sighed as Mark brought her closer and closer to a second orgasm. Lisa's thighs clamped tightly around Mark's head as she had a second much more intense orgasm.

When Lisa's legs relaxed their grip on Mark's head she propped herself up on her elbows and looked down at him.

"Jesus Christ...that was amazing." Lisa said.

"I always enjoyed doing that...I'm glad you liked it." Mark said.

"Liked it? That was the best oral sex I've ever experienced...my ex-husband hardly ever went down on me. Now it's my turn." Lisa said.

Lisa moved off of the bed and pulled Mark up so that he was sitting on the edge of the bed. She moved to her knees between his feet and started slowly stroking his cock as she licked his balls.

Mark moaned...Lisa looked up at him and smiled.

"Was your wife able to do this?" Lisa asked.

"Do wha..." Mark started.

Before he could finish Lisa opened her mouth and took the full length of his cock down her throat wrapping her lips around the base and slowly pulling back until just the head of Mark's cock was in her mouth. She flicked the underside of the head with her tongue before taking the length back down her throat.

"Holy..." Mark said.

Lisa pulled her mouth off of Mark's cock.

"Do you like that?" Lisa asked.

"Yeah...that's...amazing." Mark said.

"You haven't seen anything yet." Lisa said.

Lisa took Mark's cock back in her mouth and started slowly deep throating it. Mark was amazed that he could feel Lisa's tongue stroking side to side as she stroked his cock in and out of her mouth. Lisa turned her head from side to side increasing and altering the sensations.

Lisa moved her right hand up and began squeezing Mark's balls. At first they were gentle squeezes, but by the time Mark was about to cum Lisa's grip was generating intense bursts of pain. Mark was amazed to find that the pain only made the pleasure he was experiencing much more intense.

Mark groaned and gritted his teeth as he came in Lisa's mouth and down her throat. Lisa squeezed his balls a few more times as she stroked up and down his cock draining the last of Mark's cum into her mouth. Lisa released her grip on his balls and pulled her mouth off of Mark's cock and looked up with him.

"Did your wife ever do anything like that?" Lisa asked in a raspy voice.

"Not even close. That was incredible." Mark said.

"Oh my...after all of that you're still hard." Lisa said.

"It's been over 2 years so he's well motivated." Mark said.

"Well let's not make him wait any longer." Lisa said.

Lisa moved up onto the center of the bed. She opened her legs to give Mark easy access. He moved up over her and they both moaned as he eased his cock into her.

"Oh god that feels so good." Lisa said.

Mark started slowly stroking his cock in and out of Lisa's pussy.

"Oh god...it's been so long...I'd almost forgotten how good this feels." Mark said.

It had been more than 2 years since Mark had been with a woman and more than a year since Lisa had been with a man so for more than 15 minutes they were both content with a long slow steady rhythm of Mark pulling his cock out to the head and then slowly plunging in to its full depth.

Mark lowered his head down and gently bit Lisa's left nipple. A bolt of electricity shot through Lisa's body and she yelped. Before she could say anything though Mark increased the speed and force with which he was fucking her.

"God that feels great." Lisa moaned.

Lisa wrapped her legs around Mark's body.

"Yes...yes...that's it...yes...fuck me." Lisa said.

Mark fucked Lisa as hard and as fast as he could for 10 minutes before she had an orgasm which pushed him over the edge and he buried his cock in her and groaned as he came.

"GOD!" Mark said.

Lisa was breathing heavily.

"That was...amazing." Lisa said.

"Yes it was." Mark said.

"Are you up for another round?" Lisa asked.

"I'm ready when you are. Can I be behind you this time?" Mark asked.

"Absolutely." Lisa said.

Lisa moved onto her hands and knees and Mark moved in behind her. Lisa moaned as Mark pushed his cock into her again. Mark placed his hands on Lisa's hips and slowly fucked her savoring the gripping warm wetness of her pussy.

Lisa moved her hand between her legs to rub her clit in rhythm with Mark. As Mark increased his pace Lisa did as well. Mark's hands gripped Lisa's hips and their strength helped him to slam his body back against his forcing his cock to its maximum penetration.

Lisa's body shuddered as she experienced an intense orgasm. Mark moved his left hand to Lisa's hair pulling her back into a leaning position. He groped at her breasts as he continued to fuck her.

"Yes...yes...fuck me. So good. Yes." Lisa said.

Mark could feel himself getting close so he pushed Lisa back down onto the bed and returned his hands to her hips. Lisa reached orgasm just a few seconds before Mark slammed his cock into her and came inside her again.

Mark rolled onto his back and Lisa rolled onto her side facing him.

"Well...I'm spent so I guess I should probably go." Mark said.

"Are you sure you don't have another one in you?" Lisa asked.

"No...I'm done...I wish I did, but I just don't have it." Mark said.

"Okay. Thank you for tonight Mark...I really needed this." Lisa said.

"So did I...I didn't realize how much I needed it until we got started." Mark said.

Mark rolled off of the bed and started putting on his clothes. Lisa got off the bed, found a piece of paper and a pen and wrote down her phone number.

"I know we said this would be a one time thing, but if you get lonely...give me a call." Lisa said.

Mark took her number and put it in his wallet.

"Thank you for tonight Lisa." Mark said.

"You're welcome Mark." Lisa said.

They kissed, Lisa walked Mark to the door, and Mark got in his truck and drove away.