 I'd always had a thing for truckers. It was nothing I could explain, but something about them just struck me. Maybe it was the thought of the open road. Maybe it was that they seemed somehow beyond the rules the rest of us were stuck with. Or maybe it was just their big, er, equipment.

I had a CB in my car, and got a thrill out of eavesdropping on conversations between truckers. On drives up the highway, I entertained myself by trying to guess from their voices what these men looked like. Sometimes they talked to me, teasing and flirting, though it never came to more than that. I had no interest in fucking a stranger, even if he was a trucker. 

One day, a friend introduced me to Cleary. "You're going to love him, Melody," she said. "He's a truck driver."

She was right. I was definitely attracted to Cleary, and it wasn't only because he drove an eighteen-wheeler. He was tall, with a broad chest and shoulders, and the cutest potbelly from all the time he spent sitting behind the wheel. On top of that, he was intelligent and charming. And best of all, he was interested in me.

He and I talked often on the phone, and a couple of times on the CB when we happened to be on the same stretch of road at the same time. A few times, we got together for dinner when our schedules allowed it, but that was the farthest it got. I wanted more from him, though, definitely. Despite my fascination with truckers, he was the first one I'd dated, and he was living up to expectations.

One night, he asked me, "What's one of your fantasies?"

"I've always wanted to ride in a tractor-trailer," I replied.

"Well, I could definitely give you a ride," Cleary teased.

I laughed. "You know what I mean. Actually sit in the passenger seat of one while it's going down the road."

"Of course. What did you think I meant?"

"Funny man."

"Yes, I am. Anyway, that's something I might be able to help you with. I have a short run tomorrow, two and a half hours down and two and a half back, plus unloading time. Come with me."

The idea was appealing. I could call in sick to work and spend the day traveling with Cleary. Except for one problem. "I thought your company didn't allow riders."

"Since when has that stopped me from doing what I want to do? Do you want to go?"

"Yes."

"Good. Then meet me at the highway rest stop near you on the pike at eight tomorrow morning. I have to go get some sleep so I can drive tomorrow; have a good night."

"You too," I said. "See you in the morning."

"See you then."

I went to bed as soon as I hung up the phone, but was too excited to sleep. I'd get to spend the whole day with Cleary, in a tractor trailer. Two dreams come true. And alone with a man in a truck cab that was complete with a bed, who knew what might happen?

The rest stop where Cleary and I had planned to meet was twenty minutes from my house. I got up at six o'clock, figuring that would give me plenty of time to get ready and leave to meet him. Unfortunately, I hadn't taken into account how long it would take me to choose something to wear.

After an hour of trying things on, I finally chose a denim skirt and a black tank top. Hopefully Cleary's truck was heated. It wasn't really cold out, but it wasn't summer either. I might not be warm enough in my chosen outfit, but I wanted to look hot for Cleary. The thought of riding in a big rig with a sexy man beside me made me wet.

Cleary was waiting for me outside the rest stop snack bar. "Ready for your road trip?" he asked.

"Completely," I replied.

He hugged me and gave me a quick peck on the lips. "Then let's go. I have to warn you, it'll be kind of boring when we get there, have to wait while the truck's unloaded, but that should only take a couple hours at most. And I have DVDs."

"DVDs? In your rig?"

"Wait till you see it. All the comforts of home. Well, most of them, anyway."

It did have all the comforts of home. The driver's and passenger's seats only took up a fraction of the cab. The rest was occupied by a small TV and DVD player, a microwave and minifridge, and a bunkbed built into the back wall. "This place is bigger than my apartment!" I said.

Cleary laughed. "It's good. Has to be; for a trucker, his rig is home a lot of the time. Anyway, I'd love to let you try out the bed, but to keep to schedule we have to be going. So have a seat and buckle up."

I sat in the passenger seat and fastened my seat belt. The vibration from the engine, which Cleary had left running, came through the seat and straight into my pussy. I hoped Cleary's plans included a stop somewhere to use that bed of his.

Cleary drove down the ramp out of the rest stop, and we headed down the highway. As we drove, we chatted, mostly small talk, but Cleary did admit to me that he'd fucked a couple of women in his truck in the past. "Guess it's a fantasy a lot of women have," he said. "And I didn't mind helping them fulfill it."

"I'm sure you didn't," I teased. "What man would mind sex?"

"Good point."

Two and a half hours after we left the rest stop, we arrived at our destination. Cleary left the truck beside the building and went inside to let them know he was there. A few minutes later, he came back and was guided into a loading dock by one of the place's employees. I was impressed with how easily Cleary handled the truck. I had trouble backing my compact car into a parking spot; I couldn't imagine trying to back up something as big as this rig.

Once the truck was parked, Cleary said, "Come into the back and we can watch a movie. We're going to be here a while; no need to be bored."

I looked out the window and saw a diner across the street. "Could we go get something to eat?"

"Nope. Can't leave the truck while it's being loaded or unloaded. You can go over if you want, but you'll have to pay attention so I don't strand you here."

"I'll stay here, thanks."

"Then have a seat up back. You can try out the bed."

I wanted to try it out with him, but with workers in the trailer removing the cargo, I didn't think it was such a great idea. Instead, he and I cuddled on the bottom bunk and watched a DVD until a bang on the driver's door alerted us to the fact that the unloading was done. 

When he was ready to go, Cleary parked the rig at the far end of the lot and we walked across the street to the diner. After a quick meal, we got back into the truck and hit the road again. "I don't have a load to pick up today," Cleary said. "Usually I drop off one load and pick up another, but there wasn't anything around here to pick up. So we don't have quite as tight a schedule going back as we did coming down."

"Which means?" I asked.

He winked. "Which means you're going to get a fuck in a truck."

Oh, god! My pussy clenched in anticipation of feeling Cleary's cock. It would be our first time together; it seemed completely appropriate that it would be in his rig.

About an hour down the highway, Cleary pulled into a rest stop. He parked away from the other trucks in the place, leaving the engine running, and unfastened his seat belt, then mine. Leaning over me, he kissed me hard. His tongue pushed past my lips and played with mine, and his hand came up to cover one breast. 

He pulled me out of the seat and into the back of the cab, where he lay me down on the bottom bunk. "I'd love to take more time with this, but I do have a schedule to keep," he said. "Do you mind if it's a quickie?"

"Hell, no." At this point I wouldn't have minded if all it was was two pumps, a tickle, and a squirt; I just wanted him inside me. 

"Good. Tonight I'll take you out and we'll do it right, but after sitting beside such a hot woman for all this time, I have to fuck you."

He pushed my skirt up, and I raised my ass so he could get the skirt around my waist. Cleary slipped a finger into the crotch of my panties and stroked my clit. "Nice and wet," he said. "Quickie or not, I want to taste you." 

He peeled off my panties and touched his tongue to my clit. I cried out, a shout that was almost a scream. Cleary sucked and nibbled my clit for a moment, then thrust his tongue inside me. "Cleary, fuck me!" I begged. "This feels so good, but I need you to fuck me!"

"Get up, then."

"Huh?"

Cleary pulled me to standing and spun me around, facing away from him. "Bend over," he instructed. "Hang onto the top bunk."

I did as he said, and heard him undo his zipper. I glanced behind me and moaned in appreciation of the large, thick cock sticking out of his pants. "Put that inside me now!" I ordered.

"Impatient, are you?" Cleary rubbed his cockhead along my slit. It caught at the entrance to my pussy, but he didn't push forward. "How bad do you want it?"

"You felt how wet I am. I want it bad"

"Then here you go."

With one hard thrust, he buried his cock completely inside me. The discomfort of my pussy stretching to accept him was quickly eclipsed by the unbelievable pleasure of having such a large cock in me. Each thrust pushed against my G-spot, and it took only a few thrusts to send me over the edge. "Oh, my fucking god, Cleary!" I yelled as my orgasm washed over me.

"Fuck, Melody, I'm going to cum!" he replied. "Damn, I wanted this to last longer!"

"Pull out. I want to taste your cum," I said.

He slid his cock out of me and I immediately turned and engulfed it with my mouth. It took just a moment of sucking before his salty sweet cum filled my mouth. I swallowed it and smiled. "That was amazing."

"Hell, yeah, it was." Cleary fastened his pants and handed me my panties. "Time to get back on the road, I'm afraid. But I'll definitely have to take you for rides more often."