 Day three of my visit and I have some work to do today.

==================

Early the next morning I leave you sleeping contentedly in my hotel bed as I head off early for some meetings at my company's local office and a business lunch. After all, this trip cannot be all play.

It's a busy morning as I have crammed all my business into as short a time as possible so that I can maximise the time I have with you. I get the internal meetings done by eleven thirty and head out to meet one of our suppliers for a business review over a light lunch in a nearby restaurant. It goes well and I am back in the office shortly after two.

It's a balmy afternoon. The sun is shining brightly through the window of my borrowed office as I clear the emails that have accumulated over the past couple of days and make some calls now that the UK is waking up.

I am daydreaming a little, thinking about the coming evening, when the telephone on the desk suddenly rings. I pick up and Alana, the pretty 20 year old girl on reception, tells me that I have a visitor. I am intrigued as I was not expecting anyone else today. I can only think that it must be you, so I ask her to show you the way to the office I'm using and send you in.

Alana has been with the company just over a year now. I have seen her on several visits during that time and have always been attracted to her. She has a very pretty face, which always seems to carry a bright smile, and the trim body of someone who visits the gym regularly. She has very nice, firm and perky boobs with pronounced nipples, which she occasionally highlights by going bra-less. 

On my last visit I spent a good thirty minutes standing at reception chatting to her, unable to drag myself away from the lovely view I had down her loose-fitting blouse. She knew exactly what I was doing but didn't seem at all concerned. The view I was enjoying, and her seemingly carefree attitude, prompted me to ask if she would like to meet for a drink one evening. Sadly, she turned me down, apologetically insisting she would not date anyone she worked with. My disappointment did not keep me from wanking furiously that night, thinking about what she would be like in bed and I still harbour hopes of getting her to go against her policy on one of my visits.

The thought of bedding Alana at some stage ensures I am starting to get a bit of a hard-on when, a couple of minutes later, there is a light knock, the office door opens and she ushers in my unexpected visitor. A broad smile spreads across my face as my suspicions are confirmed and you enter. Behind you, I can see a puzzled look on Alana's face as she wonders who you are and what you are doing here, but she turns in the doorway and returns to her post.

You stand there motionless for a minute or two, allowing me to drink in the view. You look stunning in a light and flimsy, floral summer dress. Your hair falls loose around your shoulders, your bronzed skin offering a dark contrast to the light material of the dress.

You push the door shut and walk purposefully towards the desk where I am sitting. Rounding the desk and standing beside me, you look straight into my eyes. "Not interrupting anything important, I hope!"

Without waiting for a response, you bend a little, reach up under your dress and slide your panties down your legs, over your shoes and off. Still with your eyes fixed on me, you open the top drawer of the desk, drop the flimsy white garment inside and slide it closed.

I push back in my chair to move myself a little away from the desk. You are standing between me and the window and, with the bright sunlight behind you, I can see every curve and shape of your trim body in brilliant silhouette. Your feet are planted shoulder width apart and the bottom half of your dress has become almost transparent, drawing my eye to the tantalising gap between your thighs and the merest hint of the bare pussy mound and lips that lie at the top of them. 

Kicking off your shoes, you step in front of me, raise the back of your dress a little and sit down on the desk. With your bare ass half on the desk you raise one leg and stretch it out over the arm of my chair. As you do the same with the other leg I cannot help staring at your soft, smooth thighs.

Very slowly, you start to inch your dress upwards, gradually exposing more of your thighs and eventually giving me a glimpse of your pretty pink pussy. It is perfectly smooth, having been freshly shaved in the shower this morning. Holding your dress up with one hand, you slide the other down across your inner thigh and start to softly stroke your pussy lips. As you do so, you draw your knees up until your feet are flat on the arms of the chair. This spreads your legs, fully exposing yourself to me and to further exploration by your hand.

I watch intently as you begin to work your pussy, your fingers brushing over and then between the folds, spreading your lips before trapping your clit in a v-shape between your index and middle finger and massaging both sides.

Before long a glint of moisture starts to appear and you spread it up and down your pussy lips with your fingers. You return your focus to massaging around your clit. Soon a pink blush starts to spread across your thighs and pussy and I hear you start to breathe a little faster and deeper.

I continue to watch as you get wetter and wetter. Now you are sliding slippery fingers up and down along your soaking slit. I hear a slight moan as you slowly push one, then two fingers deep into your pussy. I see your muscles clench and I can hear the wet noises as you pump them in and out of that hot tunnel. While your fingers are deep in your pussy, your palm is massaging your mound and clit. Your ass is writhing, making small circles on the desk as you bring yourself close to orgasm.

Before that happens, you sit up a little and lift your wet fingers to your lips - softly licking them. Then, smiling, you hold them out to me, inviting me to share.

I lean forward, taking both fingers into my mouth and sucking on them. I love the sweet taste of your juices and now I need more. Pushing your legs even wider apart, I lower my head and press my lips to your hot pussy. I have to drop out of my seat and kneel in front of the desk to give my mouth proper access to that sweet spot between your thighs.

My tongue pushes into your hole and slides up and down your slit, savouring the spicy, sweet taste. You put your hand to the back of my head, pressing my face hard against you. My tongue finds your clit and circles it time and time again. Then my lips seek out and settle around that sensitive nub and I softly suck on it like a baby feeding, while occasionally running my tongue over and around it.

Within a minute or two, I feel the spasms of pleasure surging through your body in waves as you reach your orgasm. I sit back into my chair and watch you shiver with the pleasure of release and then recover, as your breath returns and you slowly open your eyes. There are few things sexier than watching a girl enjoy a good climax. 

Now horny as hell, I unbuckle my belt, unzip my pants and lift my ass to slide them down past my knees, along with my boxers. My cock is standing stiff to attention and in urgent need of relief.

You take your feet off the arms of my chair and place your legs either side of mine. You slide forward off the desk, supporting yourself on my shoulders, and I guide my cock straight into your sopping wet pussy as you drop down to straddle me.

Moving your hands to grip the back of the chair, you use your legs to shift yourself up and down as if riding a horse at a fast trot. Over and over, you allow my dick to slide almost out of your pussy before sinking back down and burying it to the hilt.

Your dress is up around your waist and I am able to slide my hands up your belly and onto your breasts. Pushing your bra up, I start to massage your firm boobs and play with your swollen nipples. 

The office chair was not designed for this purpose and our position soon becomes quite uncomfortable for both of us. So, after a while, you get up and turn yourself around. You brush a few papers onto the floor and, pulling your dress up under your arms, you bend over the desk in front of me. With your legs apart and your arms spread, gripping the sides of the desk, your ass and pussy are proudly exposed and so inviting.

Standing up from my chair, I put one hand on your hip and slide the other slowly from your delicious ass, up your back, under the dress, over your neck and into your hair. I tug on it gently making you pull your head back towards me. As you arch your back, I move forward to slide my hard cock down between your smooth buttocks and into your slick pussy. Thrusting slowly in and out, I lean over so that I can kiss the side of your neck and bite on your ear.

In this position we can both see the shadows and shapes of people in the office outside as they move past the opaque glass of the door. Just for a moment I wonder what would happen if someone was to come in now, but they are all completely unaware as I start to drive deeper and faster into your pussy. Provided we don't make too much noise it should stay that way.

Soon I am hammering my pelvis against your ass and my balls are banging against your legs. You are struggling to keep the noise down but a loud gasp escapes as another orgasm sweeps through you. I can feel your pussy squeezing me tight as the muscles contract and then release. I am very close to coming myself, but I pull out and smooth your dress down over your back and bare ass before falling back into my chair.

As your orgasm subsides, you turn again and kneel in front of me. Taking my cock firmly in one hand you take the head into your mouth and run your tongue round and round it. You start to slide your fingers up and down the shaft which is nice and slippery from our fucking. The combination of this movement, your warm mouth and your active tongue on my most sensitive area soon has me reaching my own climax.

As I come with a grunt, I feel you clamp your mouth firmly around my knob and suck as my semen flows freely, collecting it all. Pulling slowly back from my still hard cock, you open your mouth to show me your prize before swallowing hard and licking your lips. 

Then, without warning, you stand up from the desk, slide open the drawer and reach in. Slipping your feet back into your shoes, you turn and walk to the door, one hand smoothing down your hair and the other held in the air with your panties dangling from one finger.

"See you tonight, my place, about nine thirty!" you say, as you open the door, exit and pull it closed behind you.

I am still sitting in amazement and a little exhausted, when the door swings open again and Alana's pretty face appears. Suddenly realising my still semi-erect dick is on full display, I quickly slide my chair forward so that my lap disappears beneath the desk. The grin that appears on Alana's face indicates I was just a little too late. "Everything OK in here?" she asks.

"Everything's fine, thanks Alana" I reply somewhat awkwardly. 

Instead of retreating from the doorway, Alana enters the office and strides across the room, just as you had done twenty minutes earlier. Now standing just across the desk, she leans down towards me. I know she must be quite aware of the musky smell of sex pervading the room. She's clearly relishing my obvious discomfort.

Bringing her head close to mine, she whispers in my ear, "You know, maybe I was a little hasty turning down your offer of a drink last time. Try asking me again. I get the feeling we would get on pretty good."

With that she spins on her heels and leaves, closing the office door behind her. I wait a few minutes and then head to the toilets to tidy myself up and regain some composure. Then I make my way down to reception. I need to explain to Alana who you are and I want to see if she might be interested in some plans I'm working on for later in the week.

An hour later I leave the office and head back to the hotel for a short rest before the evening.