 I work again the next morning, but I am free from early afternoon. The weather looks great so we decide to drive to the coast. I pick you up from your place just after two. 

The sun is glorious and the hour's drive to the beach is fantastic. I'm so happy that I decided to splash out on a convertible hire car, even though this is the first time I have driven it with the top down. Your long brown hair is flowing out behind you as we cruise along the road. Your legs are bare beneath a short denim skirt and you have a large floral, silk scarf wrapped around you, tied behind your back to form a halter top. 

The breeze as we drive presses the silk tight against your body, molding it around your bra-less chest. I can clearly see the shape of your beautiful breasts and the outline of your pert brown nipples, almost as if you were naked.

After a while you recline your seat a little, slip off the light sandals you are wearing and put your feet up on the dashboard in front of you. This gives me a good view of your inner thighs and a tantalising glimpse of your white panties. You notice me shift in my seat a little as My dick starts to swell. Smiling, you move a hand into your lap and start gently stroking your pussy lips though the white cotton of your panties while you stare at the growing bulge in my trousers.

For the rest of the drive, my attention is divided between the road and what is happening between your legs. We eventually arrive and pull up outside a beach store. Having left on the spur of the moment we have brought nothing with us. We walk around the store picking up a couple of large beach towels, a tartan picnic blanket, a rolled-up thin foam mattress and some sun cream. We move to the clothing section and I pick out a couple of pairs of shorts. You select a bright yellow bikini that will set off your deep, brown-green eyes.

We ask if there is somewhere to try on the clothes and the owner points us to a small curtained area at the back of the store. We enter and pull the curtains behind us. It's quite a large area, easily big enough for the two of us to change in comfort. You untie your top and drop the material onto a low bench. As you bend down I see your breasts swing forward as they show their weight, but hold their nice rounded shape.

You stand up and are just starting to pull on the bikini top when you see me staring at you. You drop the top and stare straight back at me, cupping your breasts in your hands, running a finger or two across the nipples, which start to harden immediately. 

I move towards you. Putting my hands either side of your face, entwining my fingers in your hair, I kiss you full on the mouth. Immediately your lips part and our tongues seek each other out. We kiss for a full minute or two, your arms around my back, your breasts now free, brushing against my shirt. Without undoing the buttons you pull my shirt up and over my head.

I move my hands down from your hair and onto your full and rounded breasts. Pushing you back a little, I start to kiss around your neck and bare shoulders, before moving down to your breasts. I fasten my lips around one nipple. I am sucking softly and flicking my tongue across it, while massaging the other breast with my hand. After a moment my hand drops down to your waist. I pull down the side zipper and your short skirt drops to the floor, leaving you only in your sandals and white panties.

I start to massage the front of your panties with the palm of my hand. Your thighs part a little, allowing my hand to get in between your legs and onto your pussy. I am still kissing and sucking on your breasts and it's not long before the front of your panties start to get a little damp. I slowly lower myself to my knees and slide them down your legs and off of your feet. You step out of your sandals, lift one leg and place your foot on the bench beside you. I can now see your pink pussy lips and I slide my hand under you to press my fingers down your wet slit, up and into your pussy.

You let out a little moan as my fingers enter and spread your pussy wide. While I move my fingers up and down in your pussy, my thumb presses down on your clit. Within a minute or so my hand is getting wet from your sweet pussy juice. I lean in and place a soft kiss on your lower belly, just above your pussy. I breathe in deeply, savouring the sweet, musky smell of your sex.

Standing up, I turn you around and press gently on your back to bend you over. You place both hands on the bench in front of you for support. I drop my pants and my rock hard dick springs forward. With my hands on your ass, parting your buttocks, I line my cock up with your pussy and push firmly forward. It slides into your wet snatch with hardly any resistance. I start to press in and out, going as deep as I possibly can. At the same time I flex my knees so that I am also moving up and down, pressing my cock hard against the walls of your pussy as I start to build up the speed of my thrusts. My balls bang against your legs as I start to pound harder and faster.

The level of noise we are making rises with the intensity of our fucking and the people in the store cannot fail to recognise what is going on in the changing room, as we are separated only by a curtain. At any moment I expect it to be pulled back by a member of staff to reveal you stark naked and me with only my trousers round my ankles banging you from behind.

But no-one comes, except the two of us. You soon reach a climax and put a hand over your mouth in a pointless attempt to stifle a moan as the orgasm sweeps over you. A few more strokes and I am soon releasing my load deep into your pussy as I pull your ass hard towards me.

We take a moment or two to regain our breath, dress and gather up the beach clothes. We head to the cash desk to pay, without ever having tried anything on. The face of the girl at the cash desk is beetroot red as she takes the payment. She can't look either of us in the eye. Two more staff are standing near the back of the store, whispering to each other and constantly glancing over at us. We proudly stride out of the store and back to the car, holding hands and chuckling at the story they will have to tell their friends about their day at work.

We park by the beach and walk across the road. We turn and head off down the beach until we find ourselves a fairly secluded spot where we are unlikely to be disturbed. We set out the blanket and mattress on the white sand and change into our swim clothes. Your panties are now soaked with your own secretions and my cum leaking from your pussy. The bright yellow bikini fits perfectly and looks as good on you as I knew it would. We run into the water to cool off and refresh ourselves, spending thirty minutes just playing like kids in the waist-high water, diving, play-fighting and splashing each other.

Still laughing we return to our blanket and use the towels to dry off. You pick up the sun cream and throw it to me. I start applying it to your neck and shoulders, massaging it into your soft skin. I untie the back of the bikini top to spread the cream across your back.

Standing behind you I slide a hand round in front of you and onto your firm breasts, massaging more cream over them and your stomach. Pulling you to me, you can feel the bulge of my erection in my shorts as it starts to develop. You reach behind you, grasping the shaft through my shorts and start to squeeze - bringing me immediately to a full hard-on.

You turn to face me and take the cream from me. Your bikini top is hanging loose over your boobs. I take it off over your head and run my hands over your perfect tits. You squeeze some cream into your hand and reach down into my shorts. You grab my dick and spread the cream up and down the shaft.

For a while we stand there. I am gently stroking your boobs and playing with your nipples, while you slowly but firmly jack me off. We both look up and down the beach to see if we have any company. There are a few people to our right, but they are more than a hundred yards away. To the left there is a couple about twenty yards away but they are lying on their fronts and appear to be asleep.

You pull my shorts down and I step out of them. You remove your bikini bottom and we lie down on the mattress - naked in the afternoon sun.

We are lying side by side, supporting ourselves on one elbow and using our free hand to run a hand up and down each other's body. I run my hand from your hip, round to your ass, up your spine to your shoulder, round your neck and back down your front, over your boobs.

Silently you push me over onto my back. You get up onto your knees and straddle yourself over my face. Your sweet pussy lips are only an inch or two from my lips. I lift my head a little and run my tongue up and down your pussy. I can taste the saltiness of the sea water as I wriggle my tongue between the folds of your vagina.

Looking up and down the beach again to see that no-one is approaching, you bend forward and lower your mouth over my cock, which is already standing stiffly upright once again. Taking the head in your warm mouth, you swirl your tongue around it. At the same time you begin to move your head up and down a little so that your lips are rubbing, time and time again, over the ridge between the shaft and the head.

As you bend forward, I watch as the holes of your pussy and ass become fully exposed above me. I part your pussy lips with my tongue and run it up your pink slit to the clit, over the sensitive bud then all the way back down the slit to your ass. I tickle around that cute little ass-hole with my tongue once or twice before beginning the journey again, and again.

The salt-water taste is soon replaced with that of your pussy as our level of excitement increases. I already feel close to bursting and start to push into your pussy harder with my tongue. Then I flatten it against the top of your pussy and your clit and start to lick from side to side, really hard.

You are also very close to coming and pull your wet pusstpy away from my mouth. You turn around and reposition yourself above my rock-hard cock. Positioning the head between your pussy lips, you hold for a moment and then drop hard down on me, driving my dick deep into your hole. You circle your hips a few times moving my dick round and round in your pussy and grinding your clit against me. I reach up to caress your breasts, your nipples are rock hard.

With the sun directly behind you I can only see you in silhouette as you throw your head back and enjoy the climax that is flooding through your body. As you continue to grind against me, I too reach the point of no return and my body jerks wildly as my cock releases another load into you.

As I am coming down from the high of my orgasm, you prod me in the chest and flick your eyes to our left. I look over and see that the couple who were lying down, presumably asleep, are now sitting facing us. The guy's dick is sticking up out of his shorts and his partner has her fist wrapped around it, pumping up and down. I wonder how long they have been watching us.

You move off of me and I sit up. We pull one of the large towels around us as we watch the two strangers who were spectators to our own coupling.

The man is tall and looks to be in his forties as his hair is thinning and going grey at the temples. He gives us a wave before saying something we can't hear to his partner, whose clearly enhanced tits are barely contained in the tiniest of bikini tops. She immediately moves onto her knees and, lowering her face into his lap, takes his dick fully into her mouth. He slowly lays himself back as she proceeds to give him a long, languorous blow-job while we look on. 

The girl, who looks very pretty but appears to me to be much younger than the guy she is sucking off, gradually increases her pace and after a few minutes we can tell that the man has come in her mouth. She swallows every drop before raising her head back up and turning to us to smile. Then, without further ado they both stand, collect their things up and walk away, leaving us and the beach behind them.

We watch as they disappear from sight and then lie back down together and cuddle up again naked, listening to the sound of the waves and the cries of the birds above the surf. We stay there, quiet and content until the sun slowly sinks down over the horizon, spreading a mellow orange across the sky.

The end of a perfect day.