 My week is coming to an end. It's the evening before I have to leave to fly back to London. We have agreed that, in order to make it a memorable one, we will allow one another a gift of 60 minutes tonight during which we are both free to explore our desires and fantasies. Each of us agrees to do whatever the other requests. 

You are to receive your gift first. You already told me that you would like it to be a threesome with another man, a stranger. You have always fantasised about a double-penetration but never been brave enough or lucky enough to try it.

Being a foreigner in a city thousands of miles from home, I was struggling to find a second man to join us and was really worried that I might let you down, until fortune took a hand this morning. I managed to track down the room service waiter who had been eyeing you, wrapped in your towel, when he delivered our breakfast and who I spotted spying on us in the sauna, having followed us down to the spa. I suspect he just hoped to catch sight of you in the nude, but he struck lucky and watched you masturbating to orgasm for me.

His name is Angel. He is Colombian, tall and reasonably well-muscled. He had seen us together around the hotel several times in the past few days and, having so enjoyed his little voyeur session this morning, he jumped at my unusual offer of some out-of-hours employment. I had been somewhat worried about approaching him with the idea but I was getting desperate and, as it was to be my last night at the hotel, thought "What the hell!"

He agreed so readily that I needn't have been concerned and, in fact, I regretted having offered him $100 cash for the hour's work as it seemed he would probably have been happy to provide the services that I had outlined to him for free.

Demonstrating his enthusiasm for the task, Angel knocks at our hotel room door a full ten minutes before the allotted time of 9pm. You are understandably nervous but also very excited with the anticipation of what is to come. I decide it is best to get started without delay, so there are no introductions and no words are exchanged as I take your hand and lead you toward the bed. Angel follows us silently and you stand deferentially by the bed as he and I start to remove your clothes. First your shoes, followed by your skirt and blouse. 

Before going any further, I ask you just once if you are sure about this. "Quite sure! " you state quietly but confidently.

You stand still, staring into my eyes as I unclasp and remove your bra, unveiling your perfect boobs to this stranger. Now you have nothing on but a pair of thin cotton panties. We lay you down on the bed and each of us takes charge of one breast, gently massaging the smooth flesh, stroking your nipples until they are plump and pink.

Then we both start to suck and lick your teats, pulling them in and out of our mouths, teasing them with our teeth. You soon begin to relax, abandoning yourself to the excitement of what you know is to come. You have a small grin on your face as you reach out and start to unbuckle our belts, one with each hand. "Time for you boys to get naked too," you say. 

Angel and I manage to wriggle out of our clothes as we continue to work on your breasts. Soon we are both naked, sitting either side of you, on the large hotel bed. I can't help but notice that Angel has a very large cock, significantly bigger than mine in length and girth, which is jutting proudly upwards, fully erect and impressive. Of course it hasn't escaped your gaze either. Your eyes are fixed on it. "Now that's just what I need tonight," you purr. I feel a slight pang of jealousy and wonder if I'm going to regret bringing Angel to our party.

Pushing these thoughts aside, I let one hand wander down, over your flat stomach, to your panties and, sliding my fingers over the mound of your pussy, I find they are already getting wet. I leave Angel sucking on your breast and move myself down the bed. I tug at your panties and you raise your bottom so that I can slip them down your legs, over your feet and off.

You part your legs enough for me to kneel between them. "Eat me," you demand. 

I lower my head down between your thighs to within an inch of your bare pussy. I breathe in its sweet and slightly musky aroma as I gently part the lips and start running my tongue up and down your wet slit. At the same time I seek out your clit with my thumb and start to gently rub down the side of it. You respond automatically, opening your legs wide, and my tongue is able to push deep into your pussy, exploring all sides of your hot, wet hole. You begin to wriggle your ass around a bit as I carry on licking and stroking.

After a few minutes I glance up and see that Angel is no longer playing with your breasts. He is now kneeling by your face and you, having raised yourself up on your elbows, are taking the head of his large dick into your mouth. I see the look of delight on his face and revise my earlier opinion. Not only did I not need to offer him cash for tonight, I'm now sure he would have paid me for the privilege.

It takes you a while to get used to the girth of his dick, but soon your lips are sliding up and down the first few inches. The veins on his shaft are standing out large and blue and the head is bright pink, almost purple, as it pops in and out of your mouth. I watch as you reach for it with one hand, hold it up and run your tongue slowly up from his balls to the tip before engulfing it in your mouth once again and sucking hungrily.

This continues until you are ready to move to the next stage. You turn over and get onto your hands and knees, instructing me to start fucking you doggy-style. Angel is kneeling in front of you sliding his cock in and out of your mouth. You are only managing to take about half of it before you start to gag. I grab hold of your hips and begin pumping my dick deep into your pussy. You start to moan loudly as the two of us spit-roast you. 

"OK. Start fingering my ass now" is your next instruction. I take some lube from the lamp table next to the bed and start to massage your butt entrance while still sliding my cock in and out of your cunt. Slowly I push my middle finger deep into your anus. The flesh is slippery from the lube, but tight around my finger as I start to work it.

As your asshole begins to relax, I gently insert a second finger and start sliding both slowly in and out. As my fingers reach deep into your ass, so I pull my dick out of your pussy. Then as I slide my dick back in, I slowly pull the fingers out. Soon I am sliding alternately in and out of both entrances, rhythmically and very easily.

Still sucking on Angel's stiff cock, you reach back and hand me a vibrator that you had secreted under the pillow. I take my fingers out of your ass and replace them with this toy. It's a large size, though not as big as Angel's cock, and a tight fit. With a bit more lube, I push it half-way into your ass and rotate the base to switch it on. I slide it out a little then push it back in deeper than before. I can feel it buzzing against the top of my prick through the wall separating your pussy and your ass. 

When you know you are ready, you tell me to withdraw and instruct Angel to lie down on his back. His magnificent dick is standing up perfectly straight, looking ready to burst. It is at least nine inches long. You position yourself squatting over him and guide his cock to your ass. You lower yourself slowly, impaling yourself on his impressive meat. The huge head pushes at your anus, slowly stretching it wider and wider. "Oh! Fuck!" you exclaim, pulling a face and grimacing until it forces its way past your sphincter. Then you slide more easily, about half-way down the shaft. You lift yourself back up until you feel the head start to tug at your anal entrance and, holding your breath, slide yourself down again. Each time you slide down, Angel's cock sinks a little deeper into your ass. After several minutes you have accommodated the whole shaft and the head of his cock is buried deep inside you. 

Moving tentatively, for fear of hurting yourself with this huge thing so tight inside your back passage, you turn yourself round so that you are facing me and move your legs out in front of you. You lean back so you are lying on Angel's torso, still with his cock filling your ass. He takes your breasts in his hands and starts to massage them again. 

You put your hands between your legs and pull your pussy lips apart. Your pussy is pink and angry looking, your clit swollen and standing clear of its hood. You look up at me, smiling. "I've always wondered what it would feel like to take two cocks. Go for it!" you say. 

I position myself carefully between your legs and push my stiff dick into your hot, wet pussy. It's not easy as the position is more awkward than it appears in porn films and your pussy is even tighter than usual as the space is restricted by Angel's huge cock in your ass, but I eventually manage to get myself in fairly deep.

Angel and I both start to slowly slide our cocks in and out. It is difficult for Angel to get much movement in his position, which is probably a blessing for you. Within a few minutes we have found some sort of rhythm. Your pussy and ass are being pushed and pulled in tandem by our two dicks, while Angel continues to massage your tits.

You seem to be enjoying it as much as you always thought you might. Your breathing has become very heavy and you are moaning with pleasure as a huge orgasm begins to build within you. 

The tightness of your ass gripping his huge cock becomes too much for Angel. He suddenly judders and thrusts as he comes deep inside you, accompanied by several guttural grunts.

Now he is still, it becomes a bit easier for me and I continue to pump your pussy for all I'm worth. Your body begins to shake and you gasp loudly as your own climax starts to engulf you. As you cry out, I push deep into your pussy, feeling your vagina gripping me tightly as you orgasm. It pushes me over the edge and I pump my spunk into you.

The three of us lie there for several minutes to regain our breath before I withdraw my semi-hard cock from you. As I do so, a small stream of semen runs out of your vagina and down onto Angel's legs. It is soon joined by another flow of his own fluid from your ass as you pull yourself up off his cock. I grab him a towel to wipe it up before we take it in turns to shower. 

We send Angel, reluctant but happy, on his way. Then we rest on the bed for a while, wrapped in towels, recuperating our energy and starting to think about the next session.

It's just before 11pm and will soon be my time. I have not told you want I want to do with my 60 minutes, only that you will be naked and I will do with you as I please. I tug at your towel, which you allow me to take. Positioning you once again on your hands and knees, I use two silk scarves to secure your wrists to the head of the bed so that you cannot get up.

Your beautiful ass is fully exposed and I enjoy stroking it gently as I explain to you that there is a price to pay for daring to request that threesome, for taking that huge cock of Angel's into your mouth and then, even worse, into your tight little ass.

Even though you can by now guess what is going to happen, you are still shocked as I slap your ass hard, surprisingly hard, with the palm of my hand. 

"Ow! You Fucker." You let out a small cry of outrage and pain, which annoys you more than the smack itself. You tell yourself you will not cry out again and then the sharp stings of two more smacks have you biting your lip to retain control.

Of course, we have established a secret word that can be used to stop everything at any time. But you have promised yourself you will not use it. Your ass Is already glowing pink as the blood rushes to the area under attack. The following smacks no longer feel as painful as a warm numbness spreads out across your ass-cheeks. By the sixth slap it is beginning to feel more pleasurable than painful.

Your cheeks are now bright red and feel hot to the touch. I get to my feet and drop my towel. I am standing naked, displaying a huge erection when there is a small knock at the door. I move away to answer it and lead someone into the bedroom. You crane your head around to see who it is. It takes a moment or two for you to place the new arrival who is now standing at the end of the bed, staring alternately at my erect penis and your bright red ass.

It is Michelle, the waitress from the diner who had watched me fucking you in their bathroom. Intrigued by the games she saw us playing at the diner and amazed by our brazen behaviour, she had immediately embraced the idea of joining us for the evening when I had returned and approached her with my proposal. She is an attractive blond, a few years older than us, but in very good shape for her age. Having separated from a husband just over a year ago, she is now single and looking for fun.

She is wearing a pair of faded and worn denims that cling to her shapely legs. A tight white T-shirt is stretched over her fairly small breasts so the outline of her bra is clearly visible. You watch from the bed as I help her out of her clothes. I take my time, enjoying both the process of stripping a stranger and the fact that you are still kneeling, helpless on the bed. 

I undo the button and zip on her denims and start to lower them. She is not wearing any panties and her pussy immediately comes into view. It is crowned with a tidy patch of blond hair. Once I have her jeans down past her hips, she sits on the edge of the bed so I can pull them from her legs. I pull her T-shirt over her head and she reaches behind her to release and then remove her bra. Her breasts are modest, but nicely shaped and firm. She has permanently erect, dark, pointy nipples. I run my hands over her tits, rolling the rubbery nipples between my finger and thumb. 

As soon as she is naked, Michelle gets onto the bed next to you. She reaches out to touch your bright red buttocks. You flinch as her cool hand is planted on your hot flesh. I untie your hands and kneel in front of you both, instructing the two of you to start licking my cock. You take it in turns to suck my dick into your mouth, competing to see who can take it deepest. The feeling of two tongues winding round my shaft and sliding across the head soon has me ready to come.

I pull back while you remain on your hands and knees and Michelle slides herself underneath you in a 69 position. I slide my cock back into your mouth and as you go to work on it, Michelle starts flicking your pussy lips with her soft tongue.

I pull out of your mouth and stand by the side of the bed. Michelle parts her legs and you can see her sweet pussy opening up below you. I pull her lips apart with my thumbs and motion you to go down on her. You slowly lower your head and start to lick around her pussy opening. The moment you touch her pussy, she sucks your clit in between her lips and starts flicking it fast with her tongue. The effect on you is electric as pleasure floods your body and your juices start to flow.

While she is doing this I move behind you and thrust my dick to the hilt into your soaking wet pussy. I slide in and out a few times while Michelle sucks on your clit. Then I withdraw and Michelle takes my cock into her mouth, sucking on it hungrily. I switch between your pussy and her mouth time after time, all the time building to a huge orgasm. Eventually I explode, grinding my hips into your backside to penetrate as far as possible, sending my seed deep into your pussy. 

I stay for a few minutes with my dick still pressed into your pussy before slowly withdrawing. I lie back on the bed and watch you and Michelle, each with your mouth clamped hard over the other's clit, sucking and licking for all you are worth. Michelle doesn't seem to have any inhibitions as she licks up my cum as it drips out of your pussy. 

It doesn't take long before you both arch your backs as your own orgasms flood over your bodies. You let out some small cries of pleasure but it seems that Michelle has been waiting for a good climax for some time and she sends out a stream of almost unintelligible swear words, while clutching hard at your buttocks, pulling them apart in the throes of her convulsions. I love the sight of your ass-hole opening and closing through involuntary muscle contractions during your orgasm.

Eventually you both relax as the intensity falls. You fall back onto the bed beside Michelle and I climb in between you. It has been the most amazing and exciting night of my life. The three of us lie together on the bed for a while hugging and stroking one another until we all fall into a deep and satisfied sleep.