 The sun stood high at the sky burning the earth with relentless power. The air flickered over the burning land and was filled with noise. Wood hitting wood. Metal hitting metal. The origin of this noise was the walled yard of an ample villa which dominated the hill it was built upon. It stood on the very outskirts of Peastum, a busy town several days south of Rome. On the balcony stood two ladies which looked down on the dusty backyard with excitement where the noise had its origin. They wore artful hairstyle with pearls woven into their curled hairs and long airy tunics which were held by sashes bend around their refined bodies just below their breasts. Close to them stood a tall woman with red hair dressed with a simple tunic. She waved a big hand fan with ostrich feathers to deliver a stream of air to the ladies.

"Aglaea dear, would you like more wine", the older lady who looked slightly past the midst of her 20's asked.

"Oh yes, with pleasure Lavina. It is very hot today. See how the men are sweating," the one called Aglaea answered. She seemed to be a bit younger perhaps 22 to barely 24.

Lavina clapped her hands and a girl with bronze skin and curly black hair left the shadow close to the wall and refilled Aglaea's goblet. Lavina nodded the girl and shifted her attention again down to the yard while the girl stepped back to the wall.

Lavina let some time pass until she broke the silence again. "How do you judge them?" she wanted to know.

"Honestly, I do not understand too much about it. Of course I adore the games. But to judge? Well, If you ask me I would bet on the tall blond one over there. Who is he?" was Aglaea's prompt reply pointing her finger down on one of the men.

"Oh, this one? You have a stunning taste my dear. He is one of the slaves Germanicus brought from his recent campaign. One barbar from the northern forests beyond the Alps. His name is Hildbert. He is training for not too long but as Aemilius says he has a very promising future. Tall, strong, athletic, skilled and fearless. He is really blessed by Mars as it looks like."

Aglaea smiled, "May be not only blessed by Mars. Also Venus might have had a word or two, don't you think so?"

Lavina laughed, "Oh well, probably. You will never change, will you? I already forgot about it. Since my marriage with Aemilius I almost forgot about the way of life in Rome. And its countless pleasures. It is so hard and boring to live here in the south. The middle of nowhere."

"Surrounded by the most adorable men one could imagine," Aglaea extended Lavina's sentence chuckling while fixating the blond barbar eagerly. "I think it is not the worst thing to be married to a lanista and live in a ludus. If I imagine my view from the balcony it is far less entertaining."

"You're kidding," Lavina replied. "What could ever compete with the life in Rome?"

"To watch the games each day," Aglaea answered with a grin and took a sip from her wine. "Would you mind to let them fight for me?"

"Of course not," Lavina agreed, "If my precious friend has a wish, it is my order." She clapped her hands. 

Down the yard a black man wearing a whip looked up, "Domina?"

"Douksa, get an opponent for Hildbert and let them fight," Lavina ordered.

"As you wish domina," was Douksa's obedient answer. The Nubian let his whip crack to interrupt the practice of the men and told Hildbert to take up wooden arms. As a murmillo he got equipped with a sword and the tall shield of a legionnaire. Usually also a bronze helmet and greaves if it were for a real fight in the arena. This time he wore just a leather helmet and padding around his sword-arm and legs and a short wooden sword.

His chosen opponent was the typical one: a thraex. He equipped similar gear but a smaller rectangular shield and a bended wooden sword shaped like the real sica. The bend was meant to enable thrusts over the rim of the bigger murmillo's shield or to hook behind the shield to compensate for the different sizes. Unlike for real fights he too wore not the bronze gear. Just a leather helmet and padding same as Hildbert's.

"One dinar on Flavus the thraex," Lavina said.

"You'll owe me one than," Aglaea smiled and watched the ongoing with rising excitement.

Both gladiators got ready and faced the balcony. They greeted the ladies by rising their swords and than turned to face each other.

"Oh by the Gods," Aglaea cheered. "This is so exciting."

"You may order them to begin," Lavina invited.

"Oh really? That's great. I love you so much Lavina," Aglaea was flattered. Than she yelled down, "Begin!"

The thraex immediately attacked and threw his whole weight in a shield-trust against Hildbert. But the northern barbarian was too strong to be put out of balance so easily and held his stand. The shields crushed against each other with no further effect. Immediately Hildbert gave a powerful push back to his shield and threw his opponent away into defense. They started to clash together again and again. Each stroke, each thrust they ducked, dodged or deflected with their shields. Both were skillful fighters as Aglaea could witness. The fight went back and force with no clear advantage for one or the other. What Hildbert had in favor with strength, the other gladiator compensated with experience, lighter gear and better agility.

Aglaea leaned over the parapet of the balcony not to miss a move. She followed the combat with reddish cheeks full of suspense and quite aroused. She cheered her favorite shivering with anticipation. The muscular half naked bodies gleaming from sweat in the hot southern sun stimulated her fantasy.

Than Hildbert made a cunning move. He lured the thraex by showing an open space in his shield guard. As expected the thraex tried a sword thrust against the opened space. But Hildbert dodged the thrust he had foreseen and spun around giving the thraex a hard blow with his shield to the back. Already almost out of balance from his forceful thrust which only pierced the air Hildbert's blow brought him down to the sand. At once Hildbert was upon him and held him down with his heavy shield on his neck. Flavus rose his hand with two fingers towards the balcony as a sign of his surrender begging for mercy. Hildbert looked also towards the balcony rising his wooden sword. His neck framed by tousled hair blond as straw.

"He may live," Aglaea said delighted towards her victorious favorite. "He brought me a dinar at last and fought bravely. Spare his life." She held her hand out with the thumb upwards. Of course Lavina did the same. If it was time to spill blood it should be inside the arena and not at this forgotten place without the cheers of hundreds and hundreds of throats. Besides this fight was not meant serious.

"I owe you a dinar", Lavina said and smiled to Aglaea who could not turn her face away from this barbarian gladiator who was helping Flavus back on his feet.

"What? Oh yes, indeed!" Aglaea answered obviously lost in thoughts.

Meanwhile Hildbert was putting his training weapons back and was about to continue the training as his comrades already did. Still observing, Aglaea made a sudden move towards Lavina, "You know? Concerning the dinar I have an exciting idea. Listen..." She put her mouth close to Lavina's ear and whispered something. As she finished Lavina rolled her eyes and shook her head slightly. "My dear. If you wish it, it will be. Of course I won't turn down your request." Lavina looked down to the man with the whip, "Douksa!"

Douksa had been a gladiator himself for years. One with fortune. Unlike others he had won most of his fights. And the few he lost he fought with such bravery and skill that the crowd was willing to spare him. So he went through. He received several wounds during his career but due to good medical treatment he always recovered without being crippled. A gladiator was very valuable for his owner especially such a good one like Douksa. So they were treated well and got the best medical care money could buy. Douksa managed to survive due to his bravery, his skill and his talent to enthuse the crowd until he finally was rewarded with the rudis. The wooden sword which was the symbol of him being a free man now.

But just being free did not mean much inside of the strict hierarchical society of the Roman Empire. Therefore his options remained quite limited. Becoming referee in the arena or a bodyguard or keeping up the fights as a rudiarius and participate in the games as an elite. Opting for glory and wealth. Or death.

Douksa took another decision and signed a contract with the lanista to become his trainer of gladiators. But whether a free man or not. The domina was to obey in any matter as if she would be the lanista herself.

"Yes domina," he replied dutiful up to the balcony where Lavina stood looking down on him.

"Hildbert has deserved a gratification. He shall have the rest of the day off. Send him to relax, bath and let him get a massage too. And during the next break I will have to talk with you inside the villa", she gave her orders.

"I have understood domina," Douksa replied. "Everything will be arranged according to your wishes."

Lavina turned towards her guest, "Well, let's go inside and refresh a bit in the atrium. The heat it getting unbearable, don't you think so dear?"

"You're right as usual," Aglaea agreed unable to turn her head away from Hildbert. "May be we could have a light meal too?"

Lavina nodded: "Sure!" 

"Oh, by the way. Does this barbar speak our tongue?" came suddenly to Aglaea's mind.

"Well, don't expect him to write poems. But he understands most," was the answer.

The ladies went chatting through the door inside the villa and fled the burning heat down inside the atrium which was much more comfortable to stay. They rested on convenient divans which stood around the central pool. They let themselves being served from the house slaves with wine and tiny dishes.

Hildbert left the yard and went to the quarters of the gladiators. He went to the bath room and prepared himself a bath. He slipped into the stony tub and felt the refreshing water which took the weight of his body away. Same way it took away his thoughts. Way back to the north, deep inside the moist and foggy forests where his tribe the Cherusci lived.

Until the day the Romans returned seeking revenge for Varus' three slaughtered legions. They met the Romans for battle at a location named Idistavisus. But Germanicus was able to get the upper hand with the help of traitorous Chatti. Arminius led the united German tribes to a second defense line at the Angrivarierwall. This battle the Romans also claimed victory but they suffered such terrible losses that they had to return behind the Rhine. Hildbert was captured during this battle and enslaved like all of those tribesmen who neither fell victim to the blood hungry swords nor could escape.

He remembered his free days, hunting in the forests and becoming a warrior. How he was living a free and proud life with no one above as the Gods.

He swallowed his bitter hatred for the Romans and swore to himself that he would regain his freedom one day. And return home.

As Donar might help him.

He stretched his body and closed his eyes recalling the images of his homeland. He began to drowse.

Hildbert was disturbed by another slave after a while. A stout man from Greek.

"I was ordered to give you a massage", the Greek told Hildbert.

"I know", was his short reply not very pleased with this disturbance. He rose from his bath and followed the Greek who could do miracles in slacken muscles and making them pliant.

***

The sun had changed its place with the moon and the burning heat had given space for a mellow evening. The noise of the beating weapons had settled. Instead the air was filled with the chirr of countless crickets. Douksa guided Hildbert through the villa as he was ordered and committed him to his duties, "Whatever you'll be told, obey! Whether you like it or not. Understand?"

Hildbert nodded. He quite well understood. If he would not obey the best he would have to face would be the whip. The worst could be crucifixion. He would obey.

Same way as he took each word from Douksa eagerly, each lesson with great attention. If he would ever be able to become a survivor in the arena and regain his freedom, than only if he takes everything Douksa had to offer.

And if he obeys.

One day he would return home. He would survive. No matter what. Hildbert's mind was firmly set.

After a walk through the large villa Douksa finally opened a door for him and grinned: "Here we are. Don't forget. Do as you're told. Without exceptions. For this evening the person inside is your owner. If you forget it you will be reminded." Douksa showed his whip to make matters clear. But this was not necessary as Hildbert knew quite well about. Every slave inside the Roman Empire knew it by hard. Hildbert nodded and slipped through the door.

He entered a very luxurious room which was dominated by a large bed. Tables, chairs, divans and footlockers completed the interior. The room was illuminated by dozens of oil lamps. The walls were decorated with artful paintings showing themes from Roman mythology. The figures seemed almost alive in the flickering lights.

The young lady from the balcony rose from one of the divans and trod gracefully towards him.

She wore a black dress which was only held by a thin loop around her neck holding the top in the middle. The dress did barely cover her breasts. The fabric was woven from very thin threads. Hildbert had never seen before alike. The cloth was so thin that it did not hide the breasts of the woman which approached him. Hildbert could see through and got an idea of the teats crowning her breasts. Close underneath her breasts was a seam like a roof ridge with the edge pointing up to her cleavage. From this seam downwards the fabric was interwoven top to bottom with parallel thin silver chains twinkling in the lights of the oil lamps. The dress ended far above her knees. It barely covered her mound and its transparency emphasized her gems much more than it did hide them.

At her ears hung valuable golden earrings which covered more than half the length of her slender neck. The upper part of the earrings resembled a heart-shaped golden frame which was pearled with white tiny pearls. At the point of this heart hung a big pearl. The main body of this jewelry reminded Hildbert of the head of a horned animal. The head-like lower part was a rhombus gemmed with tiny dark red pearls from stone or glass. The two broad golden horns flanked the big pearl and met at the top of the heart. In addition the whole red rhombus and the lower half of the earring were lined out with a row of tiny white pearls. Hildbert was sure that one of this artful earrings would be more than enough to buy his freedom several times. This woman must be very wealthy. And he understood if he would lay finger on her not a whip but a cross would await him.

As she reached him, he could smell a delicious scent from roses and other flowers he had never smelled before. She came very close and laid her hand on his shoulder following the shape of his muscles with great interest. Her carefully manicured fingertip followed his triceps down to his elbow and his biceps up again. It followed his strong broad shoulder, his collarbone and his chest. Than downwards his breast bone and over his ripped belly. The finger stopped just before it reached his loincloth which was all he wore. Hildbert stood like a stature and did not dare to move.

"So stiff?" the lady smiled at him. "I won't bite."

The lady went around him and examined his muscular back. "Well not very hard at last", she giggled. "Have you been told why you are here?"

Hildbert shook his head though he meanwhile had developed a theory what the reason could be.

"Then I will tell you Hildbert. What a remarkable name. Does it mean anything?"

Hildbert nodded and assembled the words in the foreign language. "Think lucent warrior the meaning is", he answered with his rough accent.

"My, my!" the lady grinned. "Very suitable as I could see. My name is Aglaea. I hope Mars will assure that you will honor your name in the arena." She finished her circle around him and stood again facing him. "Well, any suggestions why I ordered you here?"

"Douksa say do what domina tell", he avoided a distinct answer.

"Indeed?" Aglaea laughed. "Good premise. In fact I've chosen you to serve me. You are here to fulfill my needs in a very intimate matter. You understand?"

Hildbert shook his head.

She smiled at him with a forgiving attitude. "Oh, so hard to understand? You are here to satisfy my sexual desires tonight. And I pretty well hope you will perform as well as you did with the thraex down the yard. So until I rise my hand begging for mercy you aren't allowed to stop. Clear enough now?"

Hildbert understood. That was clear enough. And he also understood that he had no choice. He was owned by her so he had to obey no matter what. And he would better do well or face the consequences. He answered humbly, "Yes domina. Clear."

"Fine," she replied and pointed at his loincloth. "Undress that."

Hildbert unbent the cloth and threw it on the nearest chair. He stood naked in front of her waiting for further orders.

"By the Gods", she showed surprise. "You're blond even there." Curious she came closer and had a look at his private parts. Obviously she had never seen a blond man naked before. Cautious she touched his bolt, combed with her fingers through his straw. Her eyes gained a wanting glow as she examined what he had to offer. Her hands went around his hips and cupped his butt.

"Hm", she moaned. "So firm and strong. We will have much fun together, won't we?"

Hildbert nodded helplessly, "As you say domina."

"Of course," Aglaea smiled confidently. "How else?"

She had a solid grip around his buttocks and pressed herself against his groin. Her floral scent got intense. Streaming from her warm skin into his nostrils. He could feel her warmth close at his body. To resist her temptation would mean to be made from stone. He was not. He was made from flesh and blood. With blood running through his veins driven by his vividly beating heart. He could feel her smooth full breasts against his chest. Her hard nipples poking into his flesh. His heartbeat went faster and filled his body with desire.

"You may touch me", she told him as she started to caress his back. He took her in his arms and felt that her dress did not cover her back. He could feel her warm skin under his rough hands, callused from the handles of sword and shield. Tenderly he fondled her. So velvety soft skin. Bright skin which proved that her position allowed her to avoid the burning Italian sun whenever she felt like. Bright skin that gave a strong contrast to her raven-hued hair that framed her face. A beautiful face as Hildbert had to admit. And he had also to admit that he had never before touched skin as smooth and velvety than hers.

His touching hands examined her slender body. Following the form of her blade-bones and caressing up and down alongside her backbone. She mewed under his caresses while she fondled his back same way. Gently she bit his shoulder. Then she looked up to him. 

"Kiss me", she ordered him and pursed her lips.

He looked at her beautiful face. Her straight high forehead. Her thinned and gently curved eyebrows. Her pair of big brown almond eyes which seemed to be deep as the Orcus. Her refined and bolt upright nose. Her delicate cheekbones and her soft reddish cheeks. Her red lips. Full and soft and alluringly pursed.

Her beauty rivaled Goddess Freya herself. He gently pressed his lips against hers and he was hit harder than he ever was from a sword. Than he opened her lips with his tongue and took possession of her mouth. He entangled her tongue like during a fight and drove her back and forth through the dark steaming heat of their arena. He felt hot waves running under his skin and it seemed to him as if his knees felt strangely weakening.
