 Annie and I dated at the end of college, and for around a year or two afterwards into the working world. In many respects we had a wonderful, loving relationship. 

I'd always thought of myself on the vanilla side, but with a few kinks and fixations. Annie is, shall we say, unrestrained. She came to terms with her bisexuality during our relationship, and we had quite a few adventures exploring that as we dated. 

Annie is a fiercely loyal person. When I got to know her in college, she was choosy with her partners, and certainly did not sleep around, but within the bounds of a relationship she started, she was completely unrestrained, unapologetic about her sexual tastes, and enthusiastic in her desire to please her partner. As I found out when she began to embrace and act on her bisexuality in our relationship, she was certainly open to including other women in our sexual relationship. 

Annie and I had incredible regard for each other, but just could not make some of the more mundane aspects of our relationship work. When we broke up, we were still part of a common group of post-collegiate friends, which complicated the breakup; we were running into each other all the time. We had been best friends and intimates for a long time. As we all know, it is hard to shut that kind of intimacy off in an instant. Annie and I hadn't fully extricated ourselves from each other's lives, and kept ending up in bed together.

For quite a few months, we were in a status quo where neither one of us was dating or pursuing anyone else. We were and talking a couple of times a week, and sleeping together every couple of weeks, even though we both knew it was not healthy. 

Around that time, I started to get friendlier with a gal from work, Janet. I was a lower level engineer in this corporation, and she was a management intern. I won tickets to see Penn & Teller, and asked Janet to come with me, and it wasn't long before we started getting physical. Janet and Annie had met several times at post-work happy hours and the like, and were friendly with one another. Annie could see this coming, probably before I did, and when I told her I was dating Janet, she told me that she really liked Janet, and she was happy for me, but that she was a little torn, because she knew that Janet was doing the things with me that she had so much fun doing. However, she was not going to be involved with someone involved with someone else. Annie recognized this might be a nudge to us actually moving on. We wished each other well, and we wished each other happiness, but we still could not stop interacting. 

Meanwhile, Janet and I were dating and doing a lot of sleeping together, but we were not truly confiding in each other. I was not doing much work at all to make myself emotionally available to Janet. In retrospect, the reason for that of course was Annie - I was on the phone talking and confiding with my ex Annie more than I was with my girlfriend Janet. 

Annie and I were on the phone one Wednesday night, just chatting. She didn't like to dwell on my relationship with Janet, but it was the elephant in the room whether we talked about it or not. She asked me about the upcoming weekend, and I mentioned having plans. There was a long pause in the conversation, and I thought I'd really goofed. 

"How are things... going with Janet?" She asked. 

"Janet? Oh, things are good, I guess. Wait... You mean the sex, don't you? Are you sure you want to get into all of that?" I asked.

"Come on, man, I've got nothing here! Nothing going on! You're the one with the girlfriend! At least one of us is getting taken care of. Gimme something - just a little something to go on. Something juicy."

"Well, all right," I hesitated. "I have to say, I was a bit surprised when Janet and I first got out of our clothes, because. She keeps herself completely shaved. The best part is it's not for her me, but for herself. She told me it's worth the trouble because it makes her feel sexy all day long."

"Oooh. Very nice. The shaved girlfriend! I know you're loving that. I don't think you mouth has ever been on my pussy as much as it was that weekend you first shaved me. So... how does Janet... perform?" 

"She's very good, actually. And she swallows, too."

"See? Sharing is not that hard. Awesome. Again, very nice. You are one spoiled man. I've gotta say, though... From my perspective it is a bit weird to think about that. Next time I see her at the bar, It's gonna be hard not to picture *her* with a mouthful of your come." 

The way Annie was taking was really working for me. I started shift a little on the futon couch in my apartment to get more comfortable.

"Well, She's definitely not as visual as you are, and not as perform-y. We've never done anything like "the mirror." 

"The mirror" was our pet expression for birthday sex we had one time that become a regular part of our repertoire. Annie stripped down to nothing more than a skimpy thong, and then got on her knees in front of me, right next to a big full length mirror. She is petite; about 5 ft 4 inches tall, with perky b-cup breasts, and a wickedly rounded rear end. At the time, she was wearing her dark brown hair with a tinge of red color in a pixie cut - almost boyishly short. With beautiful, clear fair skin and hazel eyes, she was something to see. 

Annie wanted me to be able to watch her giving me a blowjob from two angles at the same time. The simple presence of a mirror, and knowing that I was watching from that angle did something for her too - made into even more of a performance. 

That night she really drew it out - she licked me, sucked me, and teased my balls with her fingernails, and looking up at me and whispering the filthiest things until I was right at the edge... and then she would decide it was time for a little break. She edged me like that at least three times until I was practically begging her to put me out of my misery. She finally relented, and let me finish by stroking myself to a climax inches from her upturned face, pumping rope after rope of thick, hot, goopy semen onto her face. When I was finally finished, she opened her eyes, and gave me the broadest, proudest smile, and said in a perky voice, "Happy Birthday!" 

I was momentarily lost in the recollection of that first night. 

"That's tough. No mirror? For you? How can you possibly live?" Annie teased, "Don't you miss it, just a little?" 

"Well... yes," I said, "How could you not miss that?" 

"Miss seeing me, on my knees in front of you?"

"Oh, Geez..." I said, feeling myself hardening even more. 

"With my lips wrapped around your cock... taking a break every now and then drag my tongue from the base of your balls, all the way up to the head? Feeling my fist around the base of your cock? I don't care how good Janet is... you can't tell you don't miss that."

"Annie, I'm supposed to be dating Janet here." I protested, weakly.

"I know, I know. You're just so much fun to tease! Janet is indeed your girlfriend now. And besides, nobody likes a cheat." She paused and giggled, "How can you possibly still think of me like that. When you're dating another woman!" She said in mock indignation, "You scoundrel!"

"But still, here you are, on the phone with me, for some reason," Annie continued, "It's Wednesday night. I'm alone in my apartment. You're alone in your apartment. Janet is way out in Leesburg or wherever the fuck she lives. We're just a couple of friends reminiscing about old times. Can there be any harm in that?"

"I think I can tell where this is going to end up." I said.

"Listen" she said, very directly. "I know you, I know what you want. I know what you like. And you know very well and how much I like giving it to you. I've let the genie out of the bottle as far as your erotic mind is concerned for tonight. You are going to make yourself come tonight thinking about me - me right here on the other end of this phone line. As soon as we get off the phone, you're going to be thinking about looking down at me, on my knees in front of you, and watching me try to figure for the hundredth time how much more of your fat cock I can get stuffed into my mouth. I've known you too long not to know it. You can either admit it or deny it, but we both know it's true."

There was silence. I didn't say anything, because she was right. There was no way I was going to bed without thinking about her, fair skinned with that short brown hair, wearing a little black choker necklace, on her knees in front of me, with one hand in her panties masturbating herself while I stroked my saliva-wet cock past the point of no return. 

After a long moment, she said, "Okay. You can't admit it? That's fine. You know we both still want the same thing. I mean, I'm just a little bit lonely tonight! I know it's wrong, and I know it's probably a bit unhealthy, and it's crossing some sort of forbidden boundary, but I just really want to get you off tonight. There's this whole Janet thing, and that's a problem, but if we're just on the phone, not together, not touching, is that even cheating? Maybe I could just tell you a little story?"

I think I actually audibly grunted. This was one of Annie's greatest aptitudes. 

"Let's see. What would you like to hear about? Hmmm. Maybe a story about Janet? Wouldn't that be a bit of a turn? Let's see... I know you're an ass man... How about... Janet. On her hands and knees, with those great big tits of hers smashed into the bed. Waiting for you to take her from behind. 

"Imagine her on her knees, with those nice wide, round, Illinois-bred hips. You can see that smooth shaved pussy sopping wet, wide open and waiting for you. But you're not looking at her pussy, are you? That's not what you want tonight. You're looking at that little pink asshole of hers, aren't you? you dirty boy. Imagine pressing the head of that slippery cock of yours against her anus, and slowly pushing yourself into her. Feeling the tip start to penetrate her..."

"Whoa." I said, completely conflicted. Just hearing this perverse imagination of hers and that sexy voice was driving me wild, but I was also still thinking at least a tiny bit about trying to do the right thing. 

"Annie, I just don't really know if this is a good idea..."

"Come on... If I tell you a story about you fucking your girlfriend, how can that possibly be cheating?"

"I guess you do have a point... "I stammered. I was grasping for any justification for how this could be okay. I sure did want it, and I wanted it from Annie, but I also wanted some thin veil of justification for how this could possibly be an okay thing to do. 

"That's my boy! She said. It's not really cheating, as long as we don't touch, right?"

"Yeah, I guess you could say that." I said.

"And besides," Annie said, "It can just be our little secret. No touching, no cheating. " 

"No touching, No cheating." I repeated. 

"Tonight, my friend, you are going to come like a firehose. I am going to *make* you come like a firehose. No touching, no cheating. I can talk you off on the phone just like this, and you can imagining me in front of you... or, I can come over, and when you, I'll just happen to be 'in the way.'"

"I'll be there in twenty minutes." She said. She clicked the phone before I could protest. 

I got up from the couch, already aroused, and thought I'd better at least straighten up the apartment, and change into something a little nicer. 

True to form, half an hour later, there was a gentle knock on the door. 

I opened the door, and our eyes met. 

"I can't believe I'm here." She said, a bit sheepishly. 

I invited her in and took her jacket. She was wearing a black, form fitting baby-tee and some yoga pants with her flip flops, and she had a cute little flower hair clip in her hair. 

"I'm not really sure where to start." She said. This was the first time I had ever seen her embarrassed or sheepish about sex. But then, I could see her snapping herself out of her embarrassment. "So I guess we just start, right? As long as we don't touch, it's not cheating?"

"Right." I agreed. I would have said anything at this point. 

"And you're not a cheater, right?" Annie said.

"Right." I responded. 

"Just two old friends. Who want something from each other tonight" She confirmed. "Why don't you just get down on your knees on the floor there, and watch closely" she said.

She stepped back, and pulled her shirt off over her head, revealing her small black push-up bra. Then, she turned around, and leaned over, and slowly peeled those yoga pants down over her ass, leaving her black string thong in place, and ran both hands down her ass. 

It's been a little while since you've seen this..." she said. 

Seeing her bent over like this was driving me crazy. She slinked her way over to the futon sofa on her hands and knees, and pushing her ass back at me, and then she looked over her shoulder. 

"Why don't you come a bit closer? She said. 

I crawled over, and pulled my face close to that beautiful round smooth ass. 

"That's right. Look at me" she said. 

I brought my face right up to her. The string of her thong came down right across on her little pink asshole. The triangle of her thong was pulled tight against her vulva. I could see she was shaved smooth. Her panties were so thin and tight that I could see the outlines of her swollen lips through the thin material, and I was so close I could see and smell the dampness on her panties. 

I rested my hand on her hip for a moment trying to get even closer, but when I touched her, she said, "Ah-Ah-Ah. No touching, remember? Be a good boy, now. I'll bet if you are veeeery careful, you can pull these off without touching me. Do you want to see?"

With those ground rules, I very gingerly picked up the strings of her thong off of her hips, and began to peel them off of her. 

She pulled her legs together, and I pulled them down that beautiful ass, revealing her smooth shaven, oozing wet pussy. "Very good!" She whispered, "Not one touch! It's just like we're playing 'Operation!'"

As soon as I got her panties all the way down, she spread her thighs lewdly wide open, pushing her ass into the air, displaying herself to me completely open. My face was only inches from her open pussy. She cupped her smooth vulva with one hand, sliding her middle finger inside her pink hole, and spreading herself wide open. 

"Oh, Goddess, this is so wrong. Do you see how wet this is making me? Don't move your face one fucking inch. I need to make myself come."

"I can't believe we're doing this..." I whispered. "I want to taste your pussy so bad..."

"Don't you dare." She said. "If you're dating someone else, you look. You don't touch."

She began moving her hips, and rubbing her clit, gently thrusting back towards me without touching me. I was enthralled. I quickly began to unbuckle my jeans, to get access to my cock, without moving my face even an inch farther away from her. In almost no time, she brought herself to a powerful orgasm, but she did not stop teasing herself with her hand. After a second orgasm, and some very slippery fingers, she slowly stopped. She brought her legs together, pushed herself up off the edge of the futon, so we were face to face on our knees on the floor. Her still unable to take her hands completely away from her slit, and me with my jeans partway down, stroking my cock with one hand. 

"Now it's your turn." She said. "Your bedroom. Now."

She got up and walked past me, back to my bedroom. I followed. She exaggerated the swing of her hips as she walked, knowing my eyes were glued on that beautiful round ass. 

She slowed when she got into my room. She walked the corner of the room where the full length mirror was, and got down on her knees, right beside it. 

How about... here?" she asked? 

"Perfect." I said. 

"Those need to come off, she said, gesturing at my jeans. "All of it off." Annie instructed. 

I pushed my jeans off and stepped out of them, and pulled my tee-shirt off over my head. 

Once again, she was on her knees in front of me. Once she finally unclasped her bra and let it fall, we were both naked. 

"Oh, my goodness, look at that cock..." she said. My balls were shaved smooth, and my cock, moderately long and thick at the head was fully erect.

She was kneeling with her face right at the level of my cock. She licked her lips, and then almost brought both her hands up to hold it, but stopped herself, and put her hands back on the top of her thighs to help resist the temptation. 

"Goddess, this is harder than I thought it would be. She said, transfixed by the cock in front of her. "How are we going to do this? She said, as she looked up at me.

She leaned in close; so close that her mouth was less than an inch from the head of my cock. She opened her mouth, and exhaled a hot breath onto it. My cock involuntarily twitched violently, and popped up, grazing her cheek. She recoiled in surprise.  

"Whoa..." She gasped in mock surprise, "That thing is loaded! I'll have to be a bit more careful."

She looked up at me. "There is nothing I would like more at this moment than to take you into my mouth and give you the blowjob of your life. But we won't do that, will we?"

"No..." grunted, thinking about how badly I wanted to see her mouth wrapped around my cock. 

"Stroke yourself for me, sweetie. Make yourself come for me. I want your come. I love the way it tastes. I love the way it feels in my mouth. I love holding it in my mouth, and I love feeling that powerful, spicy tingle that lasts for so long after I swallow it. The Goddess knows I love women too, but semen is just... so... male. And your semen is so... you. It's your essence. I want you to look down at me, and think about all the things we've done, and I want to watch you pleasure yourself until you can't stand it anymore, and then I want you to shoot that beautiful sperm into my mouth. I want to drink it."

She picked up the little bottle of astroglide that I'd taken out, and squirted some into my hand. I began to stroke my cock up and down, right in her face. Both of her hands quickly went down to her oozing wet slot, and she began to rub her clit, while she was gazing up at my cock, inches from her face. 

I couldn't believe this was happening. Here I was again; looking down on Annie, on her knees, stroking myself to an orgasm that I would share with her. She could sense I was getting close, too. My body started to tense up, and my strokes became more insistent. 

She looked up at me, grinned, and purred "Give it to me ... right here" She slowly opened her mouth just so, and stuck out her tongue. 

That put me over the edge. 

I was stroking myself with both hands, with the head of my cock only an inch from Annie's waiting mouth when I reached my climax. The moment seemed almost frozen in time. My entire body tensed, and then I felt the sweet release, like freefall on a roller coaster. My cock began to pulse involuntarily, squirting rope after rope of thick, hot, generous, viscous rope of semen onto her tongue. She moaned as the first rope splashed against her tongue. That put her over the edge to her third and most powerful orgasm. My hands were clenched on my slippery cock, watching stream after stream of hot, thick, pearly semen land onto her tongue, and slide back into her mouth. The pulses seemed to last forever before they subsided. 

By the end, I could see the semen pooling in her mouth. I was secretly very proud of the quantity of come I'd just produced. I had given her some really impressive loads in our time together, and this was right up there with the best of them. 

Annie slowly closed her mouth, holding my warm semen in her mouth, and opened her eyes, and looked up at me for a long time, creating a powerful erotic connection. She never broke her gaze at me as she stood up, naked, facing me. We looked directly at one another for a long time, and then she momentarily closed her eyes, and swallowed, and then smiled. 
