 Suddenly, it sounded like the rain out there got a even harder. No, it was the door opening. A late guest? I didn't expect anyone any more. All reservations had shown up already and the few left-over rooms had been snapped up a few hours ago, after which I switched off the "vacancy" sign. All the guests were in their rooms, it was just not the kind of weather or the hour to go out.

I looked away from the TV and towards the door, curious as to who came in. I see a small, slender figure entering the doorway, wrapped inside a long and rather wet looking coat carrying a small suitcase. Wet dark hair hanging in her face, sticking to her cheeks.

"Good evening," I said.

"Good evening," she answered timidly. "I hope you have a place for me to stay."

She looked at me with dull eyes. Her pretty face soaked, water dripping off her coat forming a small puddle on the ground.

"I'm sorry, we're full. No vacancy," I reluctantly told her. I hate having to send a girl off, alone, in this horrible weather.

"Oh," she said. "I guessed so much already. Everyone is full tonight. Trade fair, huh?"

"Indeed."

"I've been to like a dozen places already, they all told me the same. You're the last, really nothing you can do?"

She looked like she was about to cry. I couldn't tell if her eyes were getting wet, as she was totally soaked already.

"I'm sorry. All rooms here are taken. But why don't you get rid of that wet coat, take a seat, let me at least get you a cup of coffee, and I'll think of what we can do."

"Thanks."

I turned around and walked around to the pantry to fix her a cup of coffee. Instant, that's all I had, but it's better than nothing I figured. It gets me through my day at least. Now what to do with this girl? I knew all the other hotels and guest houses would be full. A major trade show in town that week, so everything was full. The places that are not, you really don't want to stay, I for one at least would consider to stay at hotel Under the Bridge rather than to pay for those places. A single girl who doesn't exactly looks rich, well, I wouldn't recommend either to. Yet she's in my lobby. Now my hostel isn't that deluxe either, I do pride myself on keeping it clean, using cotton sheets, and other such basics. After all, I live there myself, too.

With a cup of coffee in my hand I returned to the lobby. She was sitting on the sofa as suggested, her coat on the table next to it, and jumped up the moment I got in. I swallowed. Damn, she looked hot. Tight t-shirt with pretty low neck showing off a pretty decent rack and the top of her cleavage. A slim waist, form fitting jeans on her slender legs. Damn, girl, why do you have to do that? No need to get up. I'm sure you look good enough when you're sitting, and at least I can keep my thoughts sane that way.

"Here, your coffee." I swallowed again, trying to keep my gaze from dropping to her chest.

"Thanks."

She sat down again. I noticed that the top of her shirt was wet, as was the bottom of her jeans and her shoes. My eyes were again drawn to her chest, tightly packed in her shirt. Those tits were just too good not too look at. Round and full, a bit fuller than I would expect on her slim frame. I managed to unlock my eyes and looked at her face again, hoping she didn't catch me staring. But then, if she didn't want her tits to be stared at, she shouldn't have dressed like that.

"Didn't you know about the fair?"

"No, I didn't. I also didn't plan on staying in this city tonight. But my bus got a flat, took an hour or two to replace, and I missed my connection. Next bus leaves tomorrow, around seven in the evening. Another ten, twelve hour ride and I'm back home. Glad they did accept to rebook me, as it wasn't my fault that I missed it, or I'd have another problem on my hands as I can hardly afford a cheap hotel room, let alone a room and a new ticket."

She looked at her coffee, warming her hands.

"Thanks for the coffee. I've been walking in the rain for like an hour now, but no-one would help me. I... Could I maybe... if you don't mind... stay here tonight? I mean, just sitting on the sofa. Sleeping a bit maybe. I won't disturb anyone, I just... just don't know where else I could go and as you say everything is full."

She looked up at me with teary eyes.

"OK, you can stay," I answered.

She smiled thankfully. So beautiful, that smile. For a moment, our eyes locked. Big, grey-blue eyes. They fit so well with her pale skin, framed with her long, straight black hair. She'd definitely be part of quite some fantasies to come. But not now. When she's gone, first I have to get through the night properly.

"But you can't stay on the sofa."

Her expression changed from delight into surprise.

"There may still be other people coming in tonight, looking for rooms. There may be guests checking out early tomorrow. So I can't have you sleep here."

"But?"

"This hotel is also my home, I have a room right behind the counter. Saves the cost of an overnight desk staff, who most of the time has nothing to do anyway. You can get it, I'll charge you the normal overnight rate, and I'll stay here."

I felt crazy, offering my room to a walk-in guest. I had never done that before, but just couldn't send this pretty, frail looking girl back onto the streets. In the rain. With nowhere else to go. Her face was a mix of thankfulness, delight, and confusion. She was also obviously surprised by the offer, and didn't know what to think of it. Happy to have a place to stay, worried about it being my private room.

"But... I can't just take your bed, that's too much. I'm just looking for a place to stay, not to take someone's place."

Ignoring her objections, I continued, "It's got a shower, you look like you need that. It's late. I was about to turn in myself, so I'm going to grab something more comfortable to sleep in, have a shower, brush my teeth, and after that the room is all yours. If anyone needs me they'll find me. I don't want them to find a random stranger sleeping on the sofa."

"OK... if you insist..."

"Don't worry about it. I'm fine. I'm glad I can help you out. Do you have any dry clothes?"

"Yes." She tapped her suitcase.

"OK. I'll put a towel on the bed for you to use. Now if you don't mind, I'm going to have a shower, after which the room will be all yours."

She smiled. She looked so sweet. My mind started to wander instantly, filling with all the wrong thoughts while I went to my room behind the desk. Not now, tomorrow, after she's gone, that's the time for fantasies. Tomorrow, when I have my room again. I'm crazy, no? Just giving my room to a strange woman. A beautiful woman, still a stranger. Just a walk-in guest she is, as if I never get pretty ladies to stay here. And I just give my room like that. Oh well, no turning back now.

I grabbed my sweatpants, loose t-shirt and clean underpants. Then I took a clean towel from the cupboard and placed it on the bed. I undressed, opened the tap, let the water run until it was nice and warm, and entered the shower. I tried to relax. Not only had it been a long and busy day, this girl was not making it easier on me. I managed to empty my mind while I let the warm water run over my body.

Suddenly I heard the shower door open. Startled, I just stood there, not saying anything. She stood in the doorway, wrapped in a towel. I looked at her through the glass shower door, not knowing what to think of it. Why is she there? Why doesn't she just wait until I'm done?

"Mind if I join you?" she asked in a timid voice.

I didn't say anything, just stared at her, confused. She dropped her towel, she was fully naked underneath. I saw her firm tits, her nipples facing me proudly. I could feel my dick getting hard, and there was nothing I could do about it. Thinking about it would only make it harder, faster. I should tell her off, yet I didn't really want to. She was just so beautiful. It was like a fantasy come true.

She walked to the shower, opening the door. Without thinking, I stepped aside a bit.

"I'll take that as a yes," she said, looking at my hard cock, then looked up at me. As she was over a head shorter than me, she really had to hold her head back to look at me now she was standing so close, almost touching me. I must have been like twice her size, twice her weight. At least. Such a little girl, naked, and willingly stepping in the shower with me. Where did I get that much trust, that fast? I could pretty much do anything with her. Anything to her. I could totally overpower her with little effort. She didn't know me, yet she jumps in the shower with me. Naked and beautiful.

"Don't you say anything?" she asked.

I was still speechless. "What are you doing here?" was all I could bring out. I felt stupid, but she really had me in her spell.

"Having a shower of course," she replied. "I just want to return a little favour to you. You help me out of my distress, I'll keep you company tonight. If you're OK with that, of course."

Well, of course I was OK with that! Now who wouldn't want the company of a hot naked girl?

"OK," I replied. I felt so dumb, not being able to talk at least somewhat normally. How could I talk normally? She had moved even closer, I could feel her nipples lightly rub my tummy, my cock against hers. I looked down at her, her eyes, her face, those awesome tits. She put her hands around my back, pulling herself closer to me, squashing my rock hard dick against her body.

"I can feel that at least some part of you is totally OK with that. I'm very OK with that, too."

"Sorry, you're just so beautiful." I started to get back my composure, as much as that is possible when a beautiful stranger has her arms around you and your naked cock is throbbing against her naked body.

"I noticed you staring at my boobs, back in the lobby. It seemed you liked what you were seeing."

"Sorry, I didn't want to stare."

"No need to be sorry. I'm glad you're interested in me."

"Why?"

"My ex-boyfriend wasn't. I loved him a lot, we were together for a year, but then he left me."

"Why leave a pretty girl like you?"

"He wasn't interested in me, he said."

"Serious."

"Yes. Well, he was interested in me, but for the wrong reasons."

"Oh..." 

She was really talking in riddles to me now. How can a guy not be interested in something as well formed as this?

"I was just an excuse. To keep up appearances. He now got himself a boyfriend."

"That hurts."

"Yeah, kinda. It's why I ran off so unprepared and ended up here. But actually I'm OK. He's actually a really sweet guy, he seemed interested in me as a person rather than a sex object. That was indeed the case, but too much so. Anyway better than him setting off with another girl I guess. I can't blame him really."

"You still like him?"

"A lot."

"But? Why this?"

"What you mean?"

"Why are you in the shower with me, naked, your arms around me?"

"Because you're so kind to me."

"I'm just helping out, and I told you I'll charge you for the room."

"I saw you looking at me. At my boobs. I'm sure you checked out my ass too."

"Euhm..."

"You make me feel wanted. I realised I missed that, all that time. He didn't make me feel wanted, he didn't look at my boobs with hungry eyes. Never. You did. It made me hot. That's why I'm here. I'm yours tonight, you won't have to sleep alone on the sofa."

My dick was only getting harder from her soft voice, full of desire. Oh yes, I wanted her. I wanted to feel that hot body around my dick, pumping my seed deep inside of her. Play with those tits, suck those big nipples. Yet it wasn't right, I hardly knew her, this isn't supposed to happen. But who am I to stop this? I'm not about to reject a hot naked girl that is all but asking me to fuck her.

"Is that really what you want?"

"Yes," she replied, looking straight into my eyes.

I bent my knees, lowering myself, then grabbed her legs and lifted her clean off the ground. She was as light weight as I expected. 

Lifting her so her head was at my level, I repeated, "You really want?"

"Yes," she said firmly.

I lowered her slowly with one hand, my other hand aiming my dick, rubbing it along her slit. She moaned, locking her legs around me. I slowly lowered her more until the head of my dick slid inside of her. I lowered her further until she was completely impaled. Her eyes widened, she moaned loudly.

"Take me," she said, with lust in her voice.

I pushed her body against the wall, and started pumping, holding her firm butt. Moving hard and fast, she started to scream. She met my thrusts with her legs, pushing herself hard on me. Her actions lifted any reservations I may have had about this. Somehow it felt just right, her tight cunt enveloping me. I hardly felt her weight, I used her as a fuck toy, fucking her hard as I pushed her against the wall.

It didn't take long for me to cum. A few minutes at most. She was just so hot, so tight on my dick. So wanting. It had been quite a while since I had been with a girl, and they weren't as beautiful as this one. I really wanted to fuck her longer but I just couldn't, she was milking my dick. With her legs she pulled herself against me meeting my thrusts, pushing me in as deep as possible before letting me go for another stoke. A few last strokes, and then I couldn't hold it any longer. Pushing my dick deep inside her I came, hard. I came a lot. It felt so good, I could have died.

Opening my eyes I looked at her. She relaxed her legs, with a big grin on her face.

"That didn't last long."

"You're just too darn hot."

"No worries. I expected this already. You looked so horny, so hungry, I knew I had to take the pressure off so you'll last a lot longer the second time. Now why don't you put me down and help me wash thoroughly, then we can continue in bed."

Fuck, she was just so horny. That ex-boyfriend really didn't give her what she needed. I also started to wonder who was using who, who was the toy and who was the player. Just now I used her as a toy, but it seemed to be only part of her master plan with me. I didn't mind, if she wants me to fuck her brains out, I'm only too happy to oblige.

I gently lifted her up a bit so my quickly softening dick slid out of her, then put her down. I reached out to the shower gel, put some on my hands, and started to rub it on her body. I started with her shoulders and arms. Her arms were thin, much thinner than my own. Small hands, tiny fingers. She looked so fragile this way, I almost started to feel bad about taking her so hard just now, though she was still standing and smiling so I guess she's not as fragile as she looks.

Reaching around her, I lathered her smooth back with the shower gel. Her waist was so narrow I could almost fit my hands around it, her butt nice and round. I massaged it a little before turning her around, so she had her back to me. I pulled her lithe body against me, my hands moving to her belly as I reached down over her. She was that much shorter than me, her belly was at the height of my crotch. My hands moved upward towards her tits, standing proudly with just a little sagging, her nipples hard in anticipation. I cupped my hands over her mounds, easily covering them completely. I felt her shiver as I started to massage them, gently pinching her nipples. She dropped her head back against my chest, pushing her chest out a bit more. I really took my time there, playing with those wonderful tits. The feeling of the soft flesh in my hands, her butt rubbing against my thighs and the sound of her soft moans made my dick tingle again. I slowly felt it grow and get harder.

"I think they're clean now," she said softly after a while, and she turned around, facing me. "Very clean," she added, smiling as she looked up to me. She wrapped her arms around my neck, and wiggled her body against me, rubbing my dick with her belly. "How about the rest?"

I took some more shower gel, dropped to my knees, and started to lather up her lower half. Her firm thighs and round calves, her tiny feet. I went down one leg, then up the other until I was back at her waist, at her pussy. Hairy, but neatly trimmed, a really beautiful pussy. I looked at it, with my hands on her ass, then moved my head forward and gave her a quick lick. She shivered, opening her legs a bit more. I took the invitation and licked her a little more. She put her hands on my head, holding me in place, pushing me gently back to her crotch. I licked her, slowly, she soon started to gyrate her hips against my head. Licking faster, I felt her opening her legs more, and a moment later she put one of her legs on my shoulder, pushing me against her while giving me full access to her sensitive bits.

Soon she was moaning loudly. I licked her pussy and massaged her ass, and it didn't take long for her moans to become screams as she came hard. She pushed me against her pussy with her leg, surprising me with her strength. I could do only one thing, and that is to continue my work, as there was no way I could have freed myself from that powerful embrace without finishing the job at hand. I did it with pleasure as she tasted wonderful, a light sweet pussy taste. 

Her grip loosened as her screams died down, and I stopped licking her. She put her leg back on the ground and leaned back against the wall.

"Thank you," she said, panting hard. "That was great."

I looked up at her, raising myself to my knees. My head was now at the same level as her tits, leaving me with only one more thing to do. I grabbed my hands around her and pulled her to my face, taking first one, then the other nipple in my mouth, sucking it. She giggled, shaking her chest playfully. Those nipples felt as good as they looked. Fleshy and firm, warm and smooth, nothing beats that feel in my mouth. I love pussies, but tits are better. And this was a fantastic set, I really felt like I was in heaven by being allowed to play with them, to suck them.

After a while she pushed me back, and pulled her chest away from me. I looked up, wondering what she had in mind now.

"Your turn," she said. "Get up."

I obliged. I got up on my feet while she dropped down on her knees, taking my half hard dick in her hands. I immediately felt it hardening again to her touch, as she gently rubbed her hands around it. She could barely wrap her tiny hands around me. I don't think I'm particularly big, but the contrast with her tiny hands made it look pretty big.

"You're nice and big. Now I see why I felt so full."

True or not, it always feels good to get such a comment from a hot girl. She did feel tight around me, so I guess she must have felt well filled. Though that shouldn't be too hard, considering how small she was. 

Pulling back my foreskin she started to plant kisses on the head, then opened her mouth and took me in. She had to open pretty wide, I was way too big for her small mouth and barely halfway in I felt the narrowing of her throat already. I placed my hands over her head, encouraging her. Not that this was necessary, she was really into sucking my dick.

It felt wonderful. I looked down, looked at my dick sticking inside that pretty face. Her lips wrapped around me, moving back and forth. Her tits swinging gently with her movement, what a wonderful sight. I could feel the stirring in my balls, her stimulation was wonderful. I wondered how often she had done this before, she was certainly not beginner when it came to giving head. Sucking me, her hands playing with my balls, it really felt wonderful. I leant back against the shower wall, rubbing my hands through her hair. She sucked me for what felt like ages. I didn't think about anything other than the feeling in my dick. I was just enjoying the sensations she gave me. As it was my second time of the evening there was no urgency, I could really just enjoy.  
