 The girls were in a good mood, both of them. I say girls, they are grown women. My wife is just this year forty; her bff is two years younger. They are for the most part fine upstanding gentile ladies from the suburbs but they can get out of control. It's fun to watch when it happens. They had taken a class together that morning on meditation and were not impressed. From their telling of it the woman teaching the class was an old hippie who took it all far too seriously. They had walked out when the class broke for lunch and found a little café across the parking lot where they had settled in with a bottle of wine and had burnt the rest of the day drinking and nibbling at various appetizers. It was after six when Sandra called needing a ride home.

Kevin and I both got there at the same time and being thoroughly amused by our drunken wives proposed dinner. A half hour later chicken was grilling away on our patio, another bottle of wine was half gone and the women, their confidence boosted by a lovely shiraz, laid down a challenge. There was no way, with Evelyn being a teacher of literature and my wife Sandra being a "ball-busting" attorney that the two of us hapless gentlemen could keep up with them at a game of trivia and we were lucky that no-one still played Trivial Pursuit. If it were still 1990 we would have been in trouble.

As Kevin pulled the chicken off the grill and laid it out with an assortment of tortillas, cheese and chopped vegetables I slipped inside to root through my den. It took a while but I found it. The old cardboard box was worn but if you knew what you were looking at the dark blue box with fine gold print was obvious. 

"Oh! You are going down!" my wife crowed between bites of her taco. I smiled at her and twisted her taunt into something far dirtier than she intended. She giggled when she figured it out. 

"Is that the wager?" I teased.

"Whatever you want." Evie chimed in.

"You were the one that laid down the challenge. I think we will let y'all set the stakes." I told her in total confidence. They had started drinking hours ahead of Kevin and I and although the two women were a formidable pair I did not see us losing to them, not tonight anyway.

"I sort of liked Sandy's idea." Kevin teased. So did I really. 

"Whatever you want." Evie said again.

"Sandy?" Kevin asked.

"I do like a good tongue." She said and playfully shivered.

"So is that the wager. I don't know if I care if we win or lose." I leaned in and kissed my wife. Honestly, I think I might actually enjoy going down on her more than having her go down on me.

I was started when suddenly I heard my name from the other side of the table. "Steven." Evie said with a strangely serious tone in her voice. Beneath the table she gripped my leg just above the knee firmly pulling me towards her and away from Sandy. "If you win, I do WHAT - EVER - YOU - WANT." 

"Oh my." I stammered.

"Does that properly motivate you, Kev'?" Sandy asked my friend.

"Game on." He grinned. "Shit just got serious up in here," he joked.

Kevin and I went first and with twelve straight correct answers and proper use of the roll again spaces we racked up a quick three wedge to none lead. Sadly that would be our last wedge. Close to two hours later with four empty wine bottles lined up behind us on the deck the women were one question from winning, their token full of six colored pieces of plastic. Kevin and I debated what category to ask them. It was a short discussion as even we had been challenged to recall batting champions and gold medalists from the 1988 Olympics. It would be sports.

The question asked what horse had come only a half a length shy of the triple crown in nineteen-eighty-something and Sandy sighed deeply in resignation.

"I know the answer to this," Evelyn said and we all looked over at her surprised. She grinned at us and then looked me straight in the eye. Her voice was deep for a woman's and when she wanted to she could sound positively sultry. 

"What is it?" asked my wife anxiously.

Without breaking the lock she had staring into my eyes she spoke slowly and softly. "I want to suck your cock." For emphasis she took a long slow swallow of the dark red wine and licked her lip.

"What was that?" asked Kevin, somewhat surprised and, it seemed, slightly anxious.

"The answer is... I want to get on my knees right here and slowly suck your cock until you give me a fat wad of come to swallow down."

I liked her answer but I have to admit, all flirting aside this was no small thing she proposed. Sandy and I had never done anything like this before. Sure, I had found her friend attractive and I had enjoyed our routine last summer of Saturday afternoons by the pool with the two women spread out in tiny bikinis soaking up the sun but I never dreamt of doing anything about it. Now, faced with the prospect that it really truly was about to happen I had to force my inebriated brain to seriously consider the consequences. It wasn't a decision to be made as lightly as we all had earlier when the wager had been made. 

For support, or maybe permission, I'm not sure, I turned to my wife. "Sandra," I began. I made an effort to sound serious. "Is that your final answer? This is for the win."

She looked at me a moment before answering as if she too was coming to terms with it. She smiled at me and being married fifteen years we knew each other well enough that her look was sufficient. I smiled back at her and only when we had come to that moment of understanding did she finally speak. "Yes. That is our final answer."

I looked over at Kevin. "I thought it was Swale, or something like that but according to the back of the card she is right. Judges?" I asked him. Just to be funny I handed him the card.

He studied the back of the card for a moment and played at scratching his chin. "Did I give the right answer, hon'" Evelyn asked her husband. She had gripped my knee again. Her hand was soft but firm.

"That's what the card says." He smiled. "Stev-o, I think we lost."

"So we won?" asked Sandra. She looked at me. Her dark brown eyes were wide as Bambie's and I saw the mixture of trepidation and excitement.

"You won." I said.

"So.. Um... Should we go inside?" my friend Kevin asked her.

"Uh... Yeah!" she answered. Everything seemed to be happening in doubletime. She stood up and leaned over me. She kissed me slowly and delicately on the mouth. "I guess we are going inside. Have fun," she said to me then looked over at Evelyn. Kevin was standing over her, his hand on her shoulder. "Both of you."

My wife bobbed slowly around the table until she was beside our friends and then, taking Kevin's hand, led him off to the patio door and inside, I assumed to our bed.

"Are you okay with this?" Evie asked me. I had to consider my answer before speaking. She was pretty in a mature grown-up way. She was a thin woman and although her figure was hidden in the baggy pajama-like yoga outfit she had worn to meditation I knew it would be pleasant to undress her. She could be funny and clever at times. I enjoyed her company when we all hung out together. Looking at her closely I found myself drawn to her narrow face, high cheekbones, and thin lips.

"I think I'm a little more than "okay" with it." I smiled at her. "Should we follow them inside?"

"Can you turn off the porch lights? It's kind of nice out here, actually."

It was awkward. I wasn't hitting on her at all, sex of some sort was a foregone conclusion at this point and I really wasn't sure how to proceed. Turning off the lights at least gave me something to do. I puttered my way across the deck to the plug where the extension cord that powered the decorative lights strung up overhead drew its power. There was a sudden blackness to the night when the lights went out but my eyes adjusted quickly. There was half a moon and with the perpetual glow of the city around us the back yard was filled with a dull ever-present blue glow through which I watched her as she slowly undressed. 

I walked towards her slowly. At first she revealed long thin fit legs. She was only lightly bronzed but it was enough that her skin didn't glow pale in the dim light of the night. I watched as she pulled off the billowing tank top and then smiled when she looked at me. She removed a bandeau style brassier without breaking the look between us. I made a last step towards her and then delicately wrapped my arms around her.

"This is weird, right?" she said.

"Very." I answered.

"Can we kiss? Do you think that's allowed?" Our lips were a frogs breath from touching. I didn't think it mattered really. I pressed my lips to hers and shuttered incredulous at what I was doing. As I moved my hands over her body I let my mind clear and as the kiss deepened and our tongues met I was able to let go and immerse myself in the beautiful woman in front of me. "Take these off," she whispered finally and she set about removing my shorts. My shirt followed until I was naked standing on my back porch my cock in her mouth.

It was only a moment until I was engorged and her hands worked my balls. I was surprised when she pushed me backwards but quickly felt the patio chair at the back of my legs and I sat down. As she pulled the cushion from the chair behind her she spoke again. "Oh my god, that is so fucking hot!"

"What?"

"Listen."

It took me a moment. The bedroom window was only open a crack to let the cool April air in but I could hear it. Sandra moaned delicately in the bedroom. I listened to my wife's pleasure and watched her friend nestled between my legs.

"You know, you are the one that won. Shouldn't this be the other way around?" I asked her.

"Baby. I get what I want, remember. Watch me." She slid her tongue along my shaft and I don't know what she thought I might watch instead. She fixed her green eyes upon me and took me deep into her mouth. I moaned and she was pleased with herself. I knew it wasn't going to take long. 

I resisted as well as I could but it was pointless. When I heard Sandra's building orgasm it started and Evelyn, well versed in what she was doing to my poor cock, did her best to bring me to a swift and mind-melting climax. I shuddered in my chair, my hands shaking. She moaned light encouragement to me and the vibrations rattled my cock and balls. She milked it for all she could. She wasn't lying, she wanted all I could give her and I responded well. I couldn't believe how long it carried on but I know I was groaning and pleading by the end. My wife's repeated prayers of "Oh God, Oh God," that drifted out the window only served to increase the insanity of it all.

Every woman brings something new and although it had been a long time since I had known anyone but my Sandra I was not inexperienced before we had gotten married. Evelyn, I was learning was a little dirtier than the girls from my distant path but I think maybe that might just come with experience. The uniqueness of our interlude came when, having sucked me as perfectly as any woman I had known she rose from her knees and gripped my head firmly in her two hands kissing me. The kiss was salty and when she pressed her tongue between my lips forcing my mouth open I was not prepared to receive the sticky salty gift she pressed into my mouth. It was a shock to say the least and I am sure that if she hadn't held me so stiffly about the back of my neck I would have shaken myself loose rejecting the cum laden surprise she had for me. "Kinky" I called it in my mind but let it transpire because really what else could I do. 

As an act of desperation and perhaps my only shot to bring the sticky kiss to an end I reached for her small breasts and took her nipples, firm from both arousal and the cool night air, firmly between my fingers and thumbs. 

She moaned.

I pinched harder.

She growled.

I pulled at her tits, as far as I could, gripping as tightly as I could so that they wouldn't escape.

She bit my lip.

I rolled her nipple, increasing the pressure.

"Fuck me." she broke the kiss to say. Her hand released my neck and gripped my cock. I was surprised to discover I was still hard. "Now."

A thousand thoughts flooded my brain. Was it allowed? What would Sandy say? What would Kevin say? Did we need a condom? Was this cheating? Was I still hard enough? Was I allowed to come in her or did I need to pull out? Could the neighbors see over the wall? Had I pinched her tits too hard? Did she want me to pinch them harder? What the fuck was I doing? Would things be the same between us afterward? Would we still be able to all go to happy hour? Would our friendship survive all of this?

None of that mattered. She was a limber woman and while I trembled with indecisiveness she had pressed me inside of her. She was soft and warm and willing and began to rock on top of me. Her long thin legs extended down each side of my hips to the ground and gave her leverage. I wasn't the one fucking. Simply put, she was fucking me. Her head rolled back and I released her tits to pull her to me and I buried my mouth in her exposed neck.

"Oh Fuck. Oh fuck yes!" I heard my wife cry out from behind us. I gripped Evie's small ass in both hands and thrust myself up off the chair. I don't know if she was quiet normally or if it was because we were outside but rather than moan or sigh or make loud uncontrolled exclamations as my wife was doing, Evelyn instead opened her mouth wide and panted. She humped my cock and panted.

I felt her orgasm rather than heard anything from her that signified it coming or announced that it had taken hold of her. Her pussy gripped my cock like a fist and she stopped moving. She sat atop me still as a statue. She pulsed around me. Her body shook slightly and as her tits bounced ever so slightly in front of my face I recalled how gripping them had led her to beg me to enter her. I gambled on it being a good thing and as I gripped them again, softly at first and then ever more tightly she snapped her head back forward and again I was faced with the desperation in her emerald eyes. 

As I pinched she pulled her hand from the back of my chair where it had rested and as her pussy clutched my cock she gripped my nipple painfully, twisting as she did.

Through the pain I understood and responded in kind, pinching and twisting. I increased the pressure slowly watching for some indication that it was too much. She gave away nothing. We sat staring at each other. I watched sweat drip down her temple. The look on her face was almost anger but she didn't let loose of me so I didn't release her. Silently we tortured each other in the moonlight listening to the moaning from inside. 

"Oh, Jesus! Don't stop!" I heard my wife proclaim. Feeling myself shrinking away. I felt inadequate.

"How does he do it?" I had to ask. She released me and I let go of her.

"Viagra."

"Seriously?" I was a little surprised.

"It lasts forever but he never comes." She said. She was still rocking on my lap. "It's okay but I like come." She said.

"I noticed." I replied, recalling the salty kiss.

"You weren't ready for that?" she smiled at me.

"Not at all."

"You'll be ready for it next time," she said.

Next time. Would there be a next time? Was this time over. I looked her over again. She was damn skinny but it was good. I kind of wanted more. Just to see if it would help I started kissing her again. It was indeed helping. I felt myself twitching to life again. I cleared my mind by running my hands again over her lean muscular body. I traced the outline of her ribs. I could feel each one. 

I felt myself swelling again, firm against her. She began to rock and I knew I could at least take one more pass at her. I lifted her from the chair, tall as she was she was surprisingly light and we were suddenly standing. I held her against me by her ass.

"From behind?" she whispered.

We were in the grass, she on all fours, I was on my knees behind her when our spouses emerged from the bedroom. They were sweaty and tired. We couldn't help it, we put on a show. This time she moaned each time my hips slapped against her small ass. She came with a flourish, her back arched like a cat and I gripped her by the hips and took her as furiously as I could manage grunting with each thrust. 

"Fill me. Fill up my cunt." She grunted. I watched her; she was staring at her husband. For the first time I wondered if this wasn't their first little adventure with this sort of thing. I cleared my mind and focused on the delicate tattoo that crossed her back just above her ass and it didn't take long before I gave her exactly what she had asked for.

We sat around the table in various states of undress. We drank bottles of water rather than wine. We talked about some of the miraculous answers we had managed to come up with during the game and laughed at some that were just silly or moronically stupid. For a long time it seemed we were avoiding the elephant in the room, or the elephant on the patio as the case might have been. Evie had finished her water and I offered another. She said she would love one. I don't know why I did it but when I stood to go to the cooler I stopped beside her, caressed her bare breast and kissed her deeply.

"I want one too." Sandy said. When I looked at her I couldn't read if she was jealous or thirsty but just to cover my bases I went to her, gripped her much larger breast and kissed her at least twice as passionately as I had her friend. "I meant a water but that was nice too." She smiled broadly.

When I returned and sat down there was a long pause in the conversation and it was Kevin who sensed it and decided to open the door. "So guys... Steve, Sandra... Evie and I have been well, talking about maybe approaching you two for a while but we were never really sure how to do it. I guess it's kind of funny to bring it up now, but have you guys ever, I don't know, talked about maybe exploring a little. Maybe "playing" a little bit, as, you know, consenting adults?"

"Fuck no." said my wife. I was astonished. So were our friends. "I'd cut his balls off."

"Sandy?" I blurted out, shocked.

"Oh my god! I am fucking teasing."

We all laughed - mostly at me.

"So, it was okay. You guys don't hate us? You aren't going to block our phone numbers or anything?" asked my new lover.

"Evie." Sandy said, calmly and seriously this time. "I don't think we ever really considered it. I mean, not until about eight o'clock tonight." She looked over at me. I reached over and gripped her bare leg. She was naked sitting outside at night in front of strangers. This was a shocking new side of her I hadn't seen before. "But I think we had fun. I had fun. Steve? You have fun."

"Mmmmm... Much fun," I growled goofily, Frankenstein's Monster style.

"I don't think we will be blocking you guys any time soon. I think we might have a talk tomorrow, after my hangover goes away. But I'm not sorry. Steve, you're not sorry?"

"I'm a little sorry I didn't get to watch." It was my turn to surprise her. Her eyebrows razed startlingly high on her forehead as her mouth dropped open. "Next time Kevin bangs the shit out of you for hours I get to watch."

"Kinky! I like it," said Evie. "But you are still going to have to do more than watch."

Our friends dressed and when we walked them to the door we didn't give them awkward hugs but instead exchanged deep very sexual kisses. As I shook Kevin's hand Sandy surprised me by kissing Evelyn the same way. When we closed the door behind them I turned to my wife. She wore only a towel and I reached over and pulled it off of her. She was a curvy woman, fit but with broad hips and a full chest. She was far more desirable in my mind than the thin woman I had just humped in the back yard but it was good to shake things up, I figured.

"That was new and different," I told her as I pulled her to me, my hand gripping her soft round ass. 
