 *WARNING – PLEASE READ FIRST

This is a story set in the American South during the period of slavery. It is an accurate depiction of the period. As such, racism, racial slurs and racist attitudes are included as key elements of some characters. If you are not comfortable with the topic of slavery, racial supremacy/subordination, or even seeing the "n" word used in a demeaning way, I urge you NOT to read on. Thank you.

This is a part of the Noah Hamilton series. I will not recap previous chapters in the current chapter. So, for this story to make the most sense, please review prior chapters.



November 1810



The first Sunday in November 1810, Dr. Noah Hamilton and his uncle's family had attended church services in a small North Carolina town. Noah had just arrived from Pennsylvania. On this Sunday, a visiting minister from Georgia had to come to lecture on the "dark heart of the niggers who do Satan's bidding." Many in the audience were getting riled up and shouting in agreement. Dr. Noah Hamilton was doing his best to stifle a laugh. Surely the negros were poor, uneducated and subservient, but they were kept in that place. Dr. Hamilton had the occasion to work with negro patients in Pennsylvania and knew this not to be their nature.

After the service, Noah's uncle introduced him around to leading members of society. Dr. Hamilton was a welcomed addition to the community – the nearest doctor was on the other side of the county, almost a 4 hour journey. While Dr. Hamilton mostly wanted to be a gentleman farmer, he knew he would need to provide some medical care to this community. But the town folk also had another interest in Dr. Hamilton – he was also a young, eligible bachelor and they were factoring him into their consideration for as a perspective mate for their daughters.

Abe Stewart was no moron. He quickly sized up Dr. Hamilton and realized he had money – lots of money. He figured the doctor was probably far wealthier than he let on given his unassuming disposition. And Abe needed to get working on a potential husband for his beautiful daughter Amanda, who had recently turned 16. Abe still had a few years, but he wanted to begin building the groundwork soon because there were several young ladies in the community who were older and could be potential competition for his Amanda. And so, after service, it was Abe Stewart who offered to have the young Dr. Noah Hamilton dine with them the following day.

------------------------------------------

The following day, Dr. Noah Hamilton traveled through the village and over towards the river and the Stewart farm. It was a beautiful ride and Dr. Hamilton was an excellent rider.

He rode up to the house and was met by a young slave. Dr. Hamilton figured that Abe Stewart had slaves, but wasn't prepared for the show that had been arranged in his honor. Abe figured he needed to impress the young doctor and did it the only way he knew how, by using and abusing his slaves. The young boy led Dr. Hamilton's horse away to the stables.

Dr. Hamilton turned towards to the house, but a young negro woman was approaching him – Sarah. Noah took her in and inhaled deeply. This black beauty was a sight to behold. She was curvy, without being large. Her eyes had a softness to them. And her light skin complexion stood in contrast to many of the slaves he had seen in the community – she was mulato at best, but probably only one-quarter negro. She spoke softly to him in a command of the language that was not of a slave, but an educated woman, "Master Hamilton, Master Stewart has asked me to escort you to the house." Noah followed her silently looking at her beautiful rear and not knowing that moment would be the highlight of his day.

Abe Stewart received Dr. Hamilton in the parlor and introduced him to his family, although they had seen each other at church the day before. Dr. Hamilton politely took both Caroline and Amanda's hands and kissed them gently, while bowing to them. Dr. Hamilton could instantly see the tension between Abe and Caroline. For her part, Caroline looked at Dr. Hamilton in awe. For once, she agreed with her husband Abe – they needed to arrange a marriage for their daughter Amanda to this dashing young man. Amanda, for her part, was bored with the whole thing. Dr. Hamilton was far too old for her and spoke strangely. She had her eyes set another boy her age – the foreman Frank's son. He was beneath her station, but he made her heart flutter and she hoped her father would eventually approve.

The parlor conversation bored Dr. Hamilton. Abe spent a considerable amount of time talking about the farm, his slaves and all about himself. Noah recognized the insecurity in the man, but figured he could put up with it for a day.

Dinner, the mid-day meal, was a pleasant offering of beef, corn and greens. The meal progressed pleasantly enough until the beautiful young house slave Sarah spilled the gravy on the table. She had been looking at Noah, who had been looking at her and she missed the plate. Their gaze was broken as Abe screamed at her, "You stupid nigger! How dare you spill on this fine linen in front of our guest. Go out to the shed and present yourself to Frank for punishment." After she had left, Abe continue, "I'm very sorry for her. We've been too gentle with her and you can never be too gentle with these damn niggers. I should get rid of her."

At that moment, Caroline sniffled and had a large grin on her face looking at Abe. Abe's words had given her an idea. Abe, on the other hand, couldn't look at anyone. Noah figured that Abe was already fucking Sarah and Caroline was pissed. Noah filed that piece of information away in his mind.

After the meal, Abe invited Noah for a ride to show him the property. Abe led Noah down to the river and showed him the beauty of the local county. As they approached the edge of the property, Abe pointed to the neighboring property. He told Noah that the neighboring farm was for sale. Noah was taken with the beauty of the neighboring farm.

That evening on the way back to his Uncles, Dr. Hamilton stopped off at the only brothel in town. For the first time in his life, he had sex with a negro. As they entered the room, she removed her clothing quickly, wanting to get this over with. Noah sat in the chair taking in her appearance. She was a very dark-skinned negro, he noted the scars on her back from beatings. She was not attractive, but he attributed that to her very hard life.

Noah needed to get off, but he couldn't use this woman like a piece of trash. She was afraid he would treat her poorly, but Dr. Hamilton made love to her like an equal – she wept tears as he rubbed her clit lovingly and made her cum. She moved down between his legs, taking his cock in her mouth and sucking him hard. Noah closed his eyes and the image of Sarah popped into his mind – he envisioned it was Sarah sucking his cock. Noah climbed on top of the whore and slowly slide his cock inside of her. She was not tight, actually, she was really, really loose – but she still satisfied him. Noah fucked her hard and fast, wanting to get off. And she was genuinely pleased when he kissed her nipples and came inside her. The young whore knew Dr. Hamilton was a good and decent man.

As Noah was coming inside the whore, back on the Stewart farm, Frank had the house slave Sarah chained naked to a wall in the barn, where she had been all day. Frank knew the rules, he could touch her, but could not use her sexually. She had urinated and defecated herself in fear. Frank played mental games with her and said, "Mmmm. I might just ask Abe to fuck you like he's been fucking Mary!" And with that, he began whipping her naked back, but not too hard. He knew Abe didn't like his house niggers to look like field niggers.

Up at the house, Mary could hear Sarah's screams. She said a small prayer to God thanking him that it wasn't her tonight. She also asked God to put her out of her misery. Mary wanted to die.

------------------------------------------

The next morning, Dr. Noah Hamilton saddled his horse and rode back across town. He slowed as he passed the Stewart farm, but didn't see the Stewart family. Down the lane, he slowed the horse to a slow strut and took in the beauty of the neighboring farm. He loved it. He saw some negros working out in one of the fields. The farmhouse was stately and matched his dreams – built into the side of a large hill, it was taller than it would otherwise be. He rode up to the farmhouse. Nobody came out to meet him.

He mounted the steps and knocked on the front door. He was met by an eldery house slave. "Is the Master or Mistress in?" The old slave muttered something unintelligible and showed him in. She showed him into the parlor and then left. A few minutes later, he heard someone coming down the stairs.

Libby Hartley entered the parlor and saw the young Dr. Hamilton sitting there. She had seen him at church, but being the local pariah, she was not introduced. Dr. Hamilton saw Libby enter and he averted his eyes. She was obviously not expecting company and had not made herself presentable. She was wearing her house clothes, which fit loosely. Noah also felt pitty for her, the years had not been kind on her.

They talked pleasantries about the weather, the community, etc. Libby turned the conversation more directly, "Well Dr. Hamilton, I know this isn't a housecall, to what do I owe the pleasure of this discussion?"

Noah was hoping to build up more trust before having this conversation, but thought he needed to follow her lead. "I was at the Stewart farm yesterday and noticed your farm. It is very beautiful. I was wondering if you and your husband would consider selling."

Libby replied, "Me."

"Excuse me?" said Noah.

"You meant if I would consider selling. I'm a widow. My husband died nearly a decade ago, before Madison was elected President. You want to know if I would consider selling." Noah expressed his apologies for her loss and affirmed that was his interest. "I'll consider selling, but the price I want might be too great for you."

Noah hadn't made a habit of his wealth yet, but told Libby, "I believe we can come to some arrangement."

Libby snickered while informing him that her daughter, Ginger, had married and moved to Savannah, Georgia around the time her husband passed away. She wanted to move down there to be near her daughter. "Tell me Dr. Hamilton, are you a married or attached man?" Libby asked.

"No I'm not."

What Libby said next floored him, "Here is what I'm offering. I will sell you the farm for $15,000. This includes the land, the house, all farm equipment, and the 22 field slaves, but not Tabitha, my house slave. She will go with me to Savannah. However, I'm not prepared to leave until next summer, so the deal will not go through until next May. That gives us 6 months to reach the second part of our agreement."

"Go on," said Noah.

"You seem like a good, decent young man. And it's been a long time since my husband passed. I haven't pursued any relationships because the men around here talk. However, I want to feel a little vitality before I go away. So, for the next six months, you will be my lover. We will satisfy each other. However, I must insist that this be completely quiet – those in town dislike me anyway, the last thing they need is another reason to do so. And you don't want to be seen with an old hag like me." She paused letting her words sink in. "However, this deal is valid only for today. I must have your answer this afternoon."

Libby could see some shock on Dr. Hamilton's face and regretted being so bold. She was always bold and direct, which is why the other ladies disliked her. Noah instantly knew this was a deal he wanted, but also wanted to see if he could draw a better bargain. "Libby, I'm not the kind of man to just use a woman. Would you mind if I rode around the property to look things over?" She agreed.

He left the home and mounted his horse, riding back into the fields. The land had been well tended. Noah wondered how that could be if the husband had been dead for nearly a decade. There were no signs of neglect or decay on the property. He rode out to where the slaves were working. They looked strong, in good condition. Very few had markings on their backs from beatings and Noah made a mental note of this. The largest and strongest of the slaves, James, looked thoughtfully at him, but continued with his work. Under a tree, he found the farm foreman, sleeping.

Noah woke him, "Excuse me?" The foreman, Marhsall, awoke with a start. "Whatcha want Dr. Hamilton?" Noah was surprised he knew his name.

"How do you know my name?"

"My brotha Frank is the foreman at the Stewart farm, he told me."

"How long have you worked for Miss Hartley?"

"Reckon it be about three years now. Good work this place, man don't hafta work too hard."

"Miss Hartley has given me permission to ride around the property for the day. Hope you don't mind." And with that Noah tipped his hat. Noah recognized that Marshall had little to do with the farm's success.

Noah rode back to the river and the large boulder on the hill, which was on the Stewart side. He thought Abe's suggestion of moving the boulder down to the river to create a pool was folly. He rode back across the farm to the west and encountered a low building among the trees. He heard laughing and clapping from inside. He rode his horse up to the building, dismounted and walked in.

Inside he encountered two slave women and 4 slave children. They were laughing and singing and clapping. The younger of the slave women, named Charity, jumped up, shooed the children into the back of the building, one of the children limped and moved slowly. She demurely lowered her head before approaching the strange white man. He spoke first, "I'm Dr. Hamilton. This, I presume is the slave quarters."

"Yes, sir," Charity answered meekly. At first she feared for the children at the approach of this strange white man, but his voice and tone convinced her that this man was no threat.

"How many negros live in this building?"

"Sir, there are 22 of us. 4 children, 18 adults who work the fields, sir."

"What is wrong with that boy?"

Fear flickered in her eyes. In this county, it was not uncommon for white masters to kill lame slaves. This was her little boy and she loved him. He was so intelligent, but he couldn't walk right. "Sir, he just hurt his leg the other day. He'll be fine."

If Dr. Hamilton were to purchase this farm, he wanted to set the right tone from the beginning – authoritarian, but not cruel. He raised his voice slightly. "Don't you lie to me. Bring him here now."

Charity was terrified now. She slowly led her son to the doctor, who was watching the young boy's leg intently. The doctor reached out and felt the leg. She inhaled audibly. No master would demean himself to touch a negro in such a gentle way and here he was touching a slave. "I'm a doctor," he said.

"I've heard about you sir," she said and he quickly shot her a look. She hastily added, "From one of us slaves at Master Stewart's farm."

He stood, looked at her and said, "That will be all" and left the building. She wondered if she angered him, but then thought better. If he was angry, he surely would have hit her.

Meanwhile, back at the house, Libby was in a fit. She'd been way too bold and it was going to cost her. She knew she wasn't a catch, but her pussy ached and she hoped that Noah was desperate enough for the farm to take her on for a while.

Back out on the farm, Noah rode back towards the house and stopped in the barn. He walked around inside and noticed how well cared for the place was. It was immaculately clean, the tools were in exceptional shape. He found a closet with some notebooks – farm records. The records were meticulous – noting output, sales prices, etc. Noah quickly gleaned that the farm was profitable, but not a huge moneymaker. This would enhance his bargaining position. He heard a noise behind him and he turned to see the largest of the slaves, James, behind him. James waited to be spoken to, but he did not like this man looking through his books.

"Hello," Noah said. "I'm Dr. Hamilton. Miss Hartley has given me permission to look around the property."

"Yes, sir. But those are private matters," said James. Quickly adding a "sir" at the end. His tone was neither demure, nor threatening.

"Tell me your name slave," Noah asked. To which he replied "James, sir." James thought it unusual that a white stranger would think enough of him to inquire his name.

Noah continued, "James, these notes are all in the same hand and go back a decade. But Marshall has only been here for a few seasons. How is that? Are these your notes?"

James averted his eyes. This one was smart, but decades had taught him to distrust the whites. "Yes sir, I made the notes after the death of Master Hartley." Noah nodded his head. James continued, "Sir, but these here are private papers. I'm sorry sir."

Noah said, "James, Mistress Hartley has given me permission to search the property – everywhere on the property." At that exact moment Libby Hartley rounded the corner and said, "That I did! How do you find things?" She had changed her clothes and tried to pretty herself up a bit.

James bowed his head. Libby continued, "That will be all James." He paused and looked cautiously at her. She added, "I'll be alright, back to work."

She turned and walked up to the house with Noah following her. Once back inside the parlor, Libby asked, "Well Dr. Hamilton, what do you think?"

Noah took his time laying it out for Libby, "You have a nice operation here and the land is in good shape. But..." He paused for dramatic effect. "The farm is not as profitable as it might seem. This will certainly impact the sales price." Libby knew this already, which is why she had shot him such a high price. She was starting to feel desperate since this was her best chance to sell.

Noah continued, "The back quarter looks in need of work and the irrigation channel down at the river is in mighty rough shape." Neither of these things were true, but Noah wanted to lay more seeds of doubt. After an additional pause, he continued, "Miss Hartley, this is my first and only offer on the farm. If you do not accept, I will not negotiate further. I will pay you the sum of $10,000, which is a good deal for you, since it is probably only worth less than $9,000. I will keep all 22 slaves, but you may keep your house slave and take her to Savannah. Two of your female slaves are expecting children, so they will be less productive and that also diminishes the value. However, the sale will be completed no later than Christmas day. You may continue to live in the house and on the land as a border until you leave for Savannah in May. As a border, you will not be expected to pay any rent. I will not stay at the farm until after you've moved so the town people will not talk. If you are agreeable to this, we can go upstairs and make this official." He said the last with a twinkle in his eye.

Libby's heart lept for joy. $10,000 was a good price for the farm, and she was going to have lots of sex for the next six months. Her pussy began tingling. She needed his cock. Libby said, "Deal." And turned to head up the stairs.

------------------------------------------

Dr. Noah Hamilton followed the widow Libby Hartley up the stairs for a romp. In her bedroom, Libby quickly kicked off her shoes and lifted her house dress over her head. She was naked underneath. She walked over to Noah and kissed him tenderly on the lips. After shedding her clothes, her dominance and directness slipped away. She was needy and insecure.

She helped Noah silently shed his clothes. When his underwear slipped off, she took in the sight of him. He was young, muscular, with a gorgeous cock. It was not huge, but very respectable. She kissed Noah silently, and he pressed hard into her. While Noah had been riding in the field, she had made herself up. Noah realized two things: she was a little more attractive than he initially assumed and she was far younger than he had thought.
