 *Thank you MistyMorgan for help with editing*

You come from your bathroom wearing only a white towel wrapped around your body. You did not wash your hair, I can tell because it is still dry. You walk to your bed and unroll the top of the towel so it slithers down your body to pool at your feet.

You stand there naked in the near darkness, the night light giving off the only light in the room. Your creamy skin is flawless in that dim light, the curves of your body silhouetted in glorious detail. You pull back the blanket and slide into the satin sheets.

You lie there, unaware of my presence, your body caressed by the cool air of the room. The slight light reflects in your eyes as you stare up at the ceiling. Whatever you are thinking must be good, for you smile a soft and sexy smile. 

Your hands both go to your stomach and begin to slowly move back and forth across your skin. The trips of these daring fingers are short, stopping at navel and ribcage. Still they glide over your silken skin, and you shiver in pleasure at their gentle passage.

Your eyes surrender and slowly close, but your hands do not stop their journeys. Instead they become bolder in their explorations, traveling further up your body. Up and down your stomach they travel, always slowly but every time inching ever further upward. Like intrepid explorers they search for new lands.

Your soft lips part to release a sigh as your fingers begin to caress the gentle slope of your breasts. In the dimness I see the delicate tip of your tongue flicker out and wet your lips. Then my eyes move back to your hands.

They have stopped traversing up and down your body. Now they focus their attention on the suppleness of your breasts. They slide softly over the satin skin and make their way closer to the darkness that tips them. Ever so softly they graze over the tips of your nipples and you shudder softly.

The first two digits of each hand begin to circle your nipples and the areola that surrounds them. You sigh again, a soft sound that is full of desire and lust, as your nipples stiffen under your gentle fingers. Taking one between the thumb and forefinger of either hand you begin to softly tug upon them.

The way your body moves shows how good that feels to you. Again your tongue slips out to wet your lips once again as your back arches slightly. I slip from where I hid and move closer to you on catlike feet.

I stand near you, but you do not sense me there. You are too caught up in your own desire, your pleasure, the feeling of your fingers on your sensitive nipples. 

You pull upon them, twisting gently and standing as close as I am I can hear the soft sounds of the moans that slip from your lips. The way your body writhes in pleasure makes me just stare at you. 

Your right hand slips from your breast, and begins to reverse its path, working its way back down your body. Your left continues to tease, and please, its breast. My eyes follow your right hand as it travels down lower.

Your legs part slightly in anticipation, and in the soft light I can see the delicate sheen of your desire between them. Your hips rise as your fingers get even closer and then fall back down to the bed. Your legs spread wider and your fingers make their way through the trimmed patch of hair above those wet lips.

Your breathing has become softer, and deeper. Its rhythm slowed as your body responds to the passions that build with in it. From time to time another sigh, or soft moan, mixes with that gentle music of your breath.

I watch transfixed as your hand slips between your legs. The fingers run gently over your pussy, spreading the wetness that is there around further. Your whole body shudders with the intensity of the sensations that course through you. Back and forth your fingers glide, slipping with your lubrication and slipping slowly between those lips, parting them.

Your first and third fingers part your pussy, spreading the lips as wide as they can. The long and tapered middle finger slides up your slit and directly over your clit. You let out a shuddering breath you had held in anticipation of this moment. 

Your finger works back and forth over that sensitive bud, drawing forth more and more soft moans. Your hips move pressing your body up against your hand, making you rub your clit even harder.

The whole time your left hand travels between each nipple. Giving each the same treatment, tugging on each in turn. Your body twists upon the sheets, tangling them beneath you in your ecstasy.

I drop silently to my knees beside your bed. I watch your face, the expressions of carnality that flow across it like waves upon the water. Your eyes remain closed and I will them to stay that way as I lean closer to you.

There is a moment, when time stands still, just before I touch your skin. I know you can feel my breath flowing over your breast and yet you do not look to see who is there. Then that final gap is filled and my hot lips touch your flushed skin.

I cover as much of that soft mound as I can and suck it desperately into my mouth. Though your eyes do not open you groan at the unknown contact. You press back against the bed, your chest rising. You force your breast deeper into my willing mouth.

I suck upon that sweet flesh, while I bathe it with my agile tongue. Here and there my tongue flits from place to place. A caress here, a light flick there, my tongue is wild against your skin with a mind of its own. Finally, it brushes against the erectus of your stiffened nipple, and there it stays. As I suck upon you, my tongue pays homage to that tiny part of you. It brushes against it, causing it to strain to become even fuller. It flicks against the tip and your tiny gasps give away the pleasure that you feel. It circles your nipple and you whimper at the sweet torment that you feel.

I pull back slowly, keeping my lips tight against you. Slowly they converge, until I have your nipple trapped between them. I suck hard on it, pulling it deeper into my mouth with only the tugging of my lips. Ever so gently I close my teeth about it, careful of harming you I scrape them against your nipple.

Your own hands are not idle, even as you luxuriate in the new sensations over which you have no control. Your left hand tugs frantically at your other nipple, pulling it and twisting, It pinches it and releases, and the thumb rolls around and around over it.

The right hand still busies itself between your legs. Two fingers now press down on your clit. They rotate around it in ever-faster circles and the entire lower half of your body moves to keep them where you want them. You pause from time to time to lightly pinch that bundle of nerves and each time you inhale sharply through bared teeth.

Your hand pushes deeper, and slowly your middle finger slips inside you. You pump it in and out; you do not tease yourself. No, instead you plunge that finger in and out of your slippery pussy quickly.

The soft liquid sounds begin to fill the air, as I slowly release your nipple into the cool night air. You groan in frustration but can feel me lean over your body, to get to your other breast. Your slippery nipple brushes against my bare chest, and you know that I too am naked with you. Still you do not peek.

Your hand cups your breast and raises it to me. Offering me your nipple upon its altar of flesh. I accept your oblation and worship it, my tongue bathes it in the heat of my mouth as I run the flat of my tongue against it. 

I take it too into my mouth, and suck upon its stiffness. I use my lips to tug and pull on it. I suck hard upon your nipple as I pull back from you, and when it slips from my mouth I am quick to take it back.

Your entire body moves now, writhing and squirming and bucking with wild abandon. Your left hand now grips a handful of the satin beneath you. While with your right you have added another finger to your hot pussy. In and out the fly, filling you again and again. Your hips buck up to meet them.

Your moans fill the room as my lips follow the trail that your fingers took. There are goosebumps on your stomach as I make my way lower. A trail of fiery kisses burning its way down your body. My lips and tongue eager pioneers following the trail blazed by your eager fingers.

I move myself, and join you on the bed. My weight makes it shift as I settle myself between your legs. I then continue that slow journey downwards. I pause in that patch of hair and take them into my mouth, I suck the traces of your wetness that have been spread there, and it is not enough for me. The source of the flood is nearby and I can smell the musky scent of you it drives my senses wild.

Your legs spread wider to give me better access and with a small pop your fingers slip from your hot depths. I move closer and pause to once again inhale the feminine scent of your desire, your lust. As I breathe out my warm breath caresses your wet pussy like a lover's touch and you squirm at that gentle breeze.

Everything has gone quiet, and your body is still. Almost too still as you hold yourself ready for that first contact. Your breath is held as you await the first touch of my lips or tongue.

I make that contact, covering your mound with my mouth and sucking hard. I suck your swollen lips into my mouth and let the salty sweet flavor of you overwhelm me. Reluctantly, I let you slip from my mouth.

Only so I can spread those lips with both thumbs. I gaze upon you as you pull your hand up to your lips. You lick and suck your own musk from them, to share in your own taste with me. I only vaguely register the sound of your sucking as I am enthralled by your pussy.

I press my mouth against you once again and drive my tongue inside you. With that your body bucks and your left hand grabs the back of my head, holding me to you. Your held breath comes out in a long drawn out moan of pleasure.

More of your fragrant juices flood my tongue as I work it in and out of your tightness. I twirl the tip from side to side as it pierces you, feeling the inner folds of your sweet pussy. Your wetness coats my jaw as I take you with my tongue.

Your hand slips from my head and both return to their places on your breasts. You return to how it all began, as your pull and twist on them. Your nipples erect and straining, beg for attention and you give it to them.

I slip my tongue from within you and move my mouth upwards just a bit. I run the length of my tongue over your clit and again your entire body reacts. You arch yourself, pushing up against my face, as you pull hard on your nipples.

Using only the tip of my tongue I caress your swollen clit. Circling it and letting it roll around my tongue. Then changing quickly and without warning to brushing my tongue from side to side against it.

Your breathing becomes more rapid and deeper still. Your moans rise in volume as your body moves beneath my avid mouth. Your hands come back to my head and tangle in my hair. They clench and release rhythmically pulling on my hair and tugging me closer to you.

I slowly close my lips around your clit and suck softly upon you. A groan of pure ecstasy is ripped from your throat as your body shudders. My lips caress you tenderly as I suck upon you. Pressing them together I tug gently on your clit and you begin to whimper.

Between your moans and sighs you whisper urgently, “Don't stop, please don't stop.”

I do not, I continue to nuzzle your pussy and suck upon the heart of your desire. I add my tongue again, flicking it against the tip of your clit as it sits trapped within my mouth.

That is too much for you and your hands grip my hair and pull me tight to your pussy. Your body stiffens, arching from the bed and your breath catches in your throat. Then like a dam bursting your body convulses and you moan in orgasm.

I keep my mouth upon you through your wild movements. Sucking tenderly upon your clit I carry you over the peak of your climax and stay with you as you begin to come down from the heights you have reached. As your body stills and the moans subside I slip my mouth from you and push myself up to my knees.

In a breathless whisper you say, “Please, please I need more. Take me, I need to be fucked.”

Hearing the urging desperation in your plea, I pause. Of course, I had no plans of leaving yet even before you spoke. 

I move closer to your splayed body, kneeling between your legs. Leaning over you placing my hands beside your shoulders and I lean down to press my lips against yours. Your mouth opens at the touch of my lips, welcoming my probing tongue.

Your hands rise slowly, as if drawn by an invisible force, to wrap your arms around my neck. Pulling my face closer to yours. Our tongues fence and dance, caressing one another in the warm, sweetness of your mouth.

I move my hips, and the swollen head of my cock brushes lightly against your waiting pussy. You spread your legs further, planting your feet flat on the bed. Your hips move trying to get me inside you.

We move together and for a time the only thing that happens is the teasing between us both. My cock slides against your pussy; your swollen lips part and surround its tip as it slips back and forth. Then in an instant I am there poised to enter you, and you fall back against the bed, your breath slow as you wait.

With infinite slowness I slip the head of my dick inside you. Your tight pussy slowly gives way to let me inside. I can feel the hot embrace as you slowly engulf me, silken tightness that grips my prick and pulls me deeper. You sigh as I work my way deeper into your slippery depths.

Bit by bit I go deeper, and feel your pussy tighten around me even as it takes me in. I stare at the wanton desire in your face as you accept my cock into you. Gentle pressure from your hips pushes me even deeper. Then, giving you no warning, I push the rest of my hardness deep inside you in one thrust.

You gasp and your body pushes up to meet me of its own accord, our bodies meet then you are pressed back against the bed. I lie still inside you, leaning down to kiss you hungrily once again. As your lips meet mine with equal fervor your legs come up from the bed and wrap around my waist. You lock your ankles together behind my back, holding me prisoner to your lusty desires.

Our kiss breaks and you breathe into my ear, urging me to fuck you, to make you cum again. Still you do not open your eyes, an unspoken agreement between us that you should not see who brings you pleasure this night. Your hands slide against my back, lightly your long nails drag against my skin.

As I begin to move, I only grind my hips in circles against you. Pressing the base of my cock against your clit rhythmically as I do so. Your body moves beneath me, gyrating in time with mine, rolling your hips to get more contact against your aching clit.

Your breath comes in short gasps against my ear and you murmur your pleasure there. Taking the soft lobe into your mouth, your teeth press down upon it, biting gently in your arousal. Your head falls back against the pillow, your lips parted to release your sighs of pleasure.

The movements of our bodies change, and the rigid shaft of my cock slips in and out of your pussy. Your legs tighten around me, drawing me back into the liquid heat with each slow thrust. A soft moan escapes your lips and your nails bite deeper into my shoulders.

We move together, meeting one another in a sensual dance upon the sheets. Our bodies move as one, as the passion between grows still hotter. Your pussy tightens around me every time I pull away from you, the slick friction making my own breathing deeper in response.

Your sighs turn to soft moans and your lips seek mine again. This time you are the aggressor, your tongue invading my mouth, in its frantic search for my own. They meet and part, to meet again, like fencers dueling they feint and riposte dancing together as our bodies do.

I raise myself above you, supporting my body with my hands, so that I have more leverage. You hold your breath sensing what is coming and whimper once in anticipation. The next time I pull my cock back, I do not slide it in slowly. I thrust it deep inside you all at once.

A tiny scream leaves your lips and your body bucks in pleasure. Your hands still grip my shoulders and you urge me on with your moans, and whispers that you want to be fucked harder.

I drive my cock into you again and again. Filling your pussy over and over. I moan as your body arches up to meet each thrust. 

Our breathing became ragged pants as pleasure filled us both. Your legs quiver with the exertion of pulling yourself to meet me each and every time. Still you do, your body glowing in the soft light with a sheen of perspiration. My own sweat stinging the wounds your fingernails left in my back.

Our movements become more frantic, more raw and powerful as we are threatened to be overwhelmed. You slide a hand between our thrusting bodies and between your legs. I feel your fingertip against my cock as it slides in and out of you for a moment. 

You begin to press your fingers against your clit and rub it quickly. The faster our bodies pound together, the harder my cock ravages your pussy, the faster your fingers fly over your clit.

Your moans are nearly constant now, broken only by gasps and sobs of pleasure. Your fingers on your clit, and the relentless thrusting of my cock drive you to the edge and you hover there, fighting to keep that feeling. You want to cum but you force yourself to hold back as long as you can, the delicious anticipation almost painful before you whimper in a shuddering voice, “I'm cumming,, oh god yessss”

As the last word hisses out from between clenched teeth your body stiffens for a moment, and then convulses as the tidal wave of sensation washes over your. Your body quivers and shakes with the force of your orgasm and your pussy clamps down upon my cock.

I thrust one last time into that tight depth, filling you completely with my cock. With a growl that is almost animalistic in its intensity I explode inside you. As your pussy spasms around my quivering cock I fill you with the heat of my own orgasm.

We collapse together, my weight pressing down upon you. The burning points of your nipples press into my chest. Our breathing is a ragged chorus in each other's ear.

Your legs, weakened by their exertions, unlock and slip down to fall upon the coolness of the satin. We lay like that for a time, a moment and an eternity, as our bodies try to recover from the force of our passions.

I bring my lips to your neck and kiss you there, feeling your pulse race between them. Gently my teeth scrape your skin and I suck harder. Your hands smooth my hair, and still you have not looked upon my face. As I pull away your neck bears a small red bruise, to remind you of this night.

I slip away from you, my cock slowly withdrawing from your pussy. Your hand goes down to feel the emptiness that is left. Then, and only then, do you open your eyes to see me. I am not there, however, if I was.