 This is Part 3 of the "Tawny's Hair" series by sethp, even though Tawny does not appear in this chapter. 

This story was written for Seth...thanks for making me smile!

*******************

It was a Friday evening and Janie and Seth were relaxing in the living room of their shared apartment. Tawny had gone away for the weekend to see some friends, so that left Janie and Seth all alone.

Janie was struggling with Tolstoy's "War and Peace" and finding it hard going. She looked over at Seth and sighed.

"What's up," he asked, smiling at her irritated face.

"I'm bored."

Seth smiled again. He thought back to the night of Tawny's Hair, as he liked to call it, and wondered if Janie was up for more of the same. Although Janie had long dark hair, it was her breasts that Seth craved. But not wanting to put pressure on her, he didn't say anything.

There was another long silence and another loud sigh from Janie. He looked up as she threw the heavy book down onto the sofa and watched as she made her way towards him. Kneeling between his legs, she gazed up at him and smiled. "Seth..."

He took hold of her long hair and lifted it away from her face which was flushed pink. "Yes?" 

Her eyes locked onto his and she moved closer. "Seth..." she repeated. "Can we play a game?"

Seth nearly jumped up from his chair in surprise. Janie was the quieter of the two girls Seth shared the apartment with and although she had enjoyed the sex session with Tawny, she had never shown any inclination to repeat the experience. But here she was, kneeling between Seth's legs, a look of lust written all over her face.

"What sort of game?" Seth almost whispered, not wishing to break the spell of the moment.

"Can we do some role-play?"

Seth gulped and felt his cock twitch inside his pants. All sorts of images ran through his mind and suddenly, the boring Friday evening was looking to be very exciting indeed.

Janie went on. "I was speaking to one of my friends back home today. The new James Bond film comes out tonight."

Seth looked at Janie and grinned. "And?"

She moved closer still and whispered in his ear. "I want you to be James Bond."

Seth tried hard not to laugh and managed to keep a straight face. Janie's hero was the British spy and she was obviously missing home whilst taking a year out to study in the U.S.

He kissed her lips and was rewarded with a feel of her large breasts brushing against his chest. "Who will you be then?"

Janie smiled. "I'll be Pussy Galore, of course..."

And so it was decided. After a few phone calls, Seth and Janie managed to beg the necessary outfits for their game from some friends and Seth booked a table at the best restaurant in town. Janie disappeared into her room to get ready and Seth took delivery of a Tuxedo, the thought of the evening ahead making his pulse race with anticipation.

When Janie finally emerged from her room, Seth could hardly believe his eyes. She was dressed in a long black gown that was split almost to the waist. Her hair was piled up on top of her head and the plunging neckline highlighted her full breasts and creamy skin. A diamond necklace nestled in her cleavage and Set gulped as he tried to control his reaction.

"Wow," was all he could say but Janie knew by the sudden bulge in his pants that he was pleased to see her. Fortunately, Seth was not hired to kill so she knew that the bulge was all natural. He looked gorgeous himself, the Tuxedo complimenting his tall, fit body while his green eyes sparkled with excitement.

"Shall we go?"

Janie took Seth's arm and they made their way outside to his car. Although Janie would have liked an Aston Martin, she was quite happy to settle into her seat next to Seth while he drove them to the restaurant. The atmosphere in the car was heavy with sexual tension and Janie squirmed in her seat; the thought of Seth dressed like Bond was a huge thrill to her and she couldn't help fantasising about the evening ahead. She had deliberately not worn any panties and she could feel herself grow warmer and warmer. She doubted whether she could actually last the evening without touching him...

The car park of the restaurant was deserted and Seth drew up under a grove of trees that were quite a way from the entrance. As the engine died, they both looked at each other and then Janie could resist no longer. She leaned towards Seth and kissed him on the lips, wanting to be close to him again and feel his body next to hers.

The inside of the car was cramped and Seth's suit was restricting his movements. His erection was straining to be free of its confines so he opened the car door and motioned for Janie to follow him.

The cool night air was refreshing to Janie's cheeks which were warm from the arousal she was feeling. Seth took her in his arms and they kissed long and deeply, their bodies pressed close, the hood of the car warm against Janie's back.

"Here...now Seth," she whispered as he ran his hand up her thigh. She shivered as he looked at her in surprise. 

"You want to...?"

She nodded. "I need you now, Seth. Please."

This time when they kissed the passion was deeper and Seth parted the soft folds of Janie's dress to discover there was no restriction to his probing hands. She moaned as he stroked her warm velvety lips and then slid his fingers into her wetness. She responded by stroking the material of his pants, loving the feeling of his hardness and wanting him inside her more than she had ever thought possible.

There was no long slow build up. Seth unzipped his pants and then lifted Janie onto the hood of the car. Her dress was parted and he leaned into her, entering her with one swift movement as he thrust his cock into her soft and welcoming pussy. They both let out a groan as Seth steadied himself for a moment and looked down at Janie who was lying back on the car, her eyes closed in pure bliss. He reached out to touch her breasts which had slipped out of the confines of the dress, loving how warm and soft they were, and then started to slowly push inside her. Janie brought her legs up and wrapped them around his waist, pulling him in even closer as he moved inside her, his steady hard rhythm causing her to moan out loud with pleasure.

"Oh yes, Seth. Hard like that."

Not caring whether they were being watched or not, Seth continued to thrust into Janie who matched his movements with her own, her head moving from side to side in ecstasy, her long hair becoming loose and flowing over the hood of the car.

Janie could feel her orgasm start to build deep within her. Seth felt so good and she needed this badly. Just lately the memories of that night with Tawny had kept her awake at night and now she loved the feeling of his cock inside her again. She reached down to lightly rub her clitoris which was swollen with her arousal. Seth watched as she rested her fingers on the hard little nub and massaged in small circles, a moan escaping her lips as she rushed towards her climax. The image of Janie pleasuring herself made Seth move harder inside her and he knew that he was close as well. 

"Now," Janie groaned and let out a loud cry, the silence of the car park amplifying her cries and bringing Seth to orgasm as well. He gave one long thrust and then erupted while Janie held him tight within the circle of her legs. They stayed still for a long while and then Seth raised his head and grinned at Janie who was wearing a very satisfied smile on her face.

"Mmmmm...Seth that was good." Janie sat and gathered up her loose hair, pinning it back on top of her head while Seth zipped up his pants and straightened her dress.

"Let's eat!"

Janie and Seth knew that everyone was watching them as they walked to their table. Janie was conscious that her black gown was rumpled but she didn't care. The sex with Seth had been so good that she wouldn't have missed it for anything. They took their seats at a secluded table and more naughty thoughts began to ferment in her mind. 

The meal was delicious and as the waiter cleared away their dinner plates and handed them the dessert menu, Seth asked Janie what she wanted for pudding.

She shot him a naughty smile and licked her lips. "I'd like some cream."

Seth raised his eyebrows and stared at the menu, but couldn't see any dishes with just cream.

"Cream?"

"Mmmm...yes. But I don't think the management will approve..."

As she spoke, Janie slithered under the table and grasped Seth by the knees. He managed not to jump and looked down as Janie crouched in front of him. She was still wearing that same mischievous smile and he relaxed back onto the seat as Janie slowly unzipped his pants and massaged his growing hardness through his boxers.

"Oh, Seth...are you pleased to see me?"

He chuckled and raised his hips as Janie slid his boxers down his thighs, freeing his impressive erection which was hard and ready for her.

"Oh beautiful," she breathed as she studied his cock, wanting so much to taste him again and feel his smooth skin beneath her lips.

"Oh, Janie," groaned Seth as she kissed the very tip of his erection, loving the still detectable trace of her own scent on him. His cock responded by becoming harder and Janie could resist no longer, wrapping her warm lips around the head and licking him thoroughly.

He tasted gorgeous, much better than any dessert, and Janie spent the next few minutes kissing her way down his cock, paying special attention to his balls which were hard and taut. Janie could have spent ages on her knees and wanted to savour every moment of having Seth's hardness filling her mouth but she was conscious of the waiter appearing any minute and catching them both.

She upped the pressure of her mouth on Seth's erection and wrapped her lips around the girth of his cock. He groaned again as she moved up and down, alternately sucking and licking until he couldn't stand it any longer. Her teeth lightly grazed his skin and when her hand joined her lovely warm mouth to encircle him and increase the friction, he was unable to stop himself exploding in her mouth, his cum hitting the back of her throat and making Janie swallow fast.

"Mmmmm, you taste delicious."

Janie made sure she licked up every last drop of Seth's cum and then gently pulled his boxers back up and made sure he was decent again. As she reappeared at the table, the waiter came over and asked them if they'd decided.

"Oh no," said Janie fluttering her eyelashes at the waiter. "I'm full!"

After Seth settled the bill, they made their way out of the restaurant, but as they left, Seth felt an urgent need to use the bathroom so he suggested she wait for him, telling her he wouldn't be long.

"Meet me in the car park and then we'll talk about what James Bond would do at the end of the evening..."

Janie laughed and made her way out to the almost deserted car park. Clutching her purse close, she heard heavy footsteps behind her but assumed it was Seth. When the arm came around her neck and dragged her off to an old wreck of a car opposite Seth's, she knew that this wasn't a game. 

A dirty hand was clamped over her mouth and Janie could smell sweat and ingrained dirt. Trying not to scream she twisted around to see her attacker and was rewarded with a blow to her head.

"Keep still, bitch!" her assailant growled. "Your pimp can't help you now."

The man dragged Janie over to his car and opened the door, pushing Janie in roughly before slamming it shut. Panic swept over her and she scrabbled at the lock to try and open it, but the man was too fast and grabbed her arm, hitting her again.

As he started the engine and pressed down hard on the accelerator, she saw Seth emerge from the restaurant, a look of shock on his face as the car nearly knocked him over. Janie banged on the window to attract Seth's attention and he ran towards his car as Janie and her attacker sped out of the car park.

"Keep still or you'll get more," the man ground out. "I've been watching you and lover boy all night. You're just a slut."

Janie huddled into the car seat, tears of shock running down her face as she tried desperately to think of what to do. The man next to her was obviously a vagrant and he stank of unwashed clothes and dirt. His eyes were wild in his face as he sped through the late evening traffic. She could only hope that Seth was behind them and would somehow catch up.

The vagrant kept glancing in the mirror, a scowl on his ugly features. "Lover boy is with us," he spat out. "Hold on, bitch, if you value your life..."

With a sudden surge of terrifying speed, Janie felt the car lurch forward, the engine screaming with the effort. The vagrant let out a nasty, manic laugh, glancing at her as she huddled in the seat. "Wanna see some action, baby?"

Janie gripped her seat as the car surged forward once again, spinning through the other vehicles on the road at a crazy speed. In the wing mirror she could see a pair of headlights keeping up with them and prayed that it was Seth. But what would happen if he caught up with them?

Her question was answered as the vagrant dived down a narrow alley that led to an industrial estate. The buildings on either side were dark and shuttered and Janie shuddered at the thought of what could happen to her if Seth failed to stop the vagrant from doing what he intended to do. Images of her lying dead flashed through her mind but she trusted Seth to rescue her. It was the only thing that was keeping her going.

Both cars hurtled along the dead straight road at top speeds but Janie could see that Seth was gaining on them fast. The vagrant was still laughing, his cackling voice echoing around the car as he looked over at her.

"Wouldn't it be good, honey...if I fucked you right there in front of lover boy while he had to watch?"

Janie wanted to hit him and shut him up but she stayed silent, not daring to aggravate him any further. As she tried to glance over her shoulder, the vagrant suddenly pulled the car over to the left in an attempt to lose Seth, but Seth adjusted his direction and ploughed straight into the side of the vagrant's car, the noise of the impact shattering Janie's eardrums and making her scream out in shock.

Seth's car hit the rear passenger door and made the vagrant's vehicle spin in crazy circles. Janie screamed and screamed but when they eventually came to a stop she looked over at the vagrant who was trying to get out of the door. Seth was ready for him and as the tramp struggled with the catch he wrenched open the door and punched him hard on the chin, knocking him to the ground with the single blow. 

Janie hastily opened her door and ran around to Seth who gathered her to him and held her tight. The vagrant started to move and they both ran to Seth's car, which, although damaged by the collision, was still driveable.

There was no time for hugs and kisses and Seth reversed at top speed away from the vagrant's car. He was crawling about on all fours and the last thing they wanted was for him to catch up with them.

Janie couldn't stop shaking and Seth held her hand as they sped out of the industrial estate and back onto the main road. 

"Oh Seth...you were so brave..."

Seth looked at Janie and smiled. "Maybe I have a bit of James Bond inside me."

Janie blushed and kissed him. "I want that bit of him inside me now..."

Seth pressed his foot on the accelerator and they sped back towards their apartment, the only thought on their minds of what they both needed to do to finish off the evening in true 007 style.

Back in the safety of their living room, Seth held Janie in his arms and tried to stop her from shaking. The shock was wearing off and she responded to his kisses eagerly, their tongues entwining while their bodies pressed tightly together. Seth could feel Janie's heat through her dress and he gently unclasped the hooks that held the flimsy gown together. Janie stood before him naked, her strappy sandals the only garment she still wore.

Seth gazed at Janie's body -- at her full soft breasts and the tiny triangle of hair that covered her pussy lips. He wanted to see if she tasted as good as she looked so he gently pushed her onto the sofa and knelt in front of her, the scent of her arousal obvious.

Janie relaxed back against the cushions and closed her eyes in bliss as Seth kissed his way up her legs, hooking her thighs over his shoulders as he leaned in closer. He could see her clitoris bulging with the strength of her desire and he stroked her pussy lips, making her groan with pleasure.

"Oh yes, Seth," he heard her say. "Kiss me there...please."

He obliged and probed her inner folds with his tongue, tasting her sweetness and licking at the juices that were beginning to flow from within her. Janie's legs were open wide and Seth gently inserted two fingers into her depths, his movements rewarded with a sigh of pleasure. 

"I want you inside me again," she murmured and Seth lifted his head and looked at her as she smiled at him. "I need your cock hard inside me..."

Seth wasted no time in rising to his feet, unzipping his pants and pulling Janie onto his lap. They sat there playing with each other, Seth's hands massaging Janie's breasts and nipples while she stroked his erect cock. Soon their mutual need made Janie rise slightly and slowly slide down onto Seth's erection. It felt so good to her as she impaled herself onto his hardness and she sighed deeply at how satisfied he made her feel. She kissed him and began to move slowly up and down, his hands on her hips as they stared into each other's eyes.

Janie's boobs bounced in time to her movements and Seth pinched her hard nipples, making Janie cry out with pleasure. The feel of his hands on her skin was blissful and she wanted this moment to last forever, the memory of her terrifying experience beginning to recede with the sexual ecstasy she was feeling.

Their breathing became more rapid and Janie reached down to rub her clitoris in time to her movements, her orgasm starting to build within her. She wanted them to both come together again and timed her movements to match Seth's grip on her body. From the look on his face she knew he would soon shoot his load deep within her and she leaned forward and kissed him hard, their tongues matching the frantic thrusts of their bodies.

"Oh, Seth...I can't...stop," she gasped as the first wave of her climax hit her with full force. She closed her eyes as her body shuddered with the intensity of her orgasm and felt Seth tense up as well, pulling her body down hard onto his cock. With a groan he erupted within her and they clung to each other as the pleasure ebbed and flowed.

After long moments, they broke apart and smiled at each other, the satisfaction evident on their faces.

"That song is running through my head," Janie murmured, kissing Seth on the lips.

"Which one?"

Janie smiled. "It sums you up, Seth..."

"Tell me..."

"Nobody Does It Better..."

Hugging each other tightly, they went to bed, dreaming of more adventures to come.