 Shay sat at the table in the kitchen swirling the ice in the empty glass. Appears that Tony had done it again.

After four years Shay was beginning to wonder if her friends may have been right about Tony. They made such a nice couple. They were always the life of the party. But, Shay was told long ago that Tony would get restless. She was told not to think Tony would be there for the long haul. She could hear them saying, " Shay...he will get jumpy, he will break your heart!" Well, Shay fell anyway. She knew that what they had was real. She knew that Tony cared and wanted to stay together just as much as she did. But, she also knew he wasn't going to leave her sitting and wondering about his "going out with the guys" any longer. Shay had her fill of waiting on him to find a little time for just the two of them. Shay wanted more than what he was giving. She was ready to go and have a good time.

Shay called her girlfriend El about going out. It had been a while since the two of them had partied like in their college days. El told Shay to be ready at 9 PM and she would pick her up. At a quarter till El was tapping on the door. As Shay opened the door her friend could tell she had been having a few drinks. El knew Shay and could tell that she was pissed and ready for a night out and that Shay would deal with the consequences later. They gave each other their usual hugs and kisses on the cheek. Then they went to Shay's dressing area to wipe the lipstick off of each others face.

It was just like back in their college days. They were both nice looking ladies and dressed well. Shay and El had turned many heads back in the day and still could. They were both dressed in their skin tight Wranglers, designer western shirts that accented their sensual frames, belts with dainty buckles and Roper boots. Shay was ready for a night of dancing. As Shay looked in the mirror, second thoughts about going out came over her. As Shay glanced over at El's reflection, El knew that look and told her, "Don't go there Shay Lyn! You need this night out. It will make or break your relationship." With that she grabbed Shay's hand in a playful manner and they were down the hallway and locking the door.

The girls decided that they would go to a place on the outskirts of town called ~Southern Junction~. It was a country and western honky tonk where a lot of people that grew up with frequented. Some from their high school and college days were sure to be there. It was like a walk down memory lane whenever Shay went to ~Southern Junction~. So many of the people stayed in the small town and that is where they would be on Saturday night. El pulled in the parking lot and the band could be heard before they were out of the silver Trans AM.

On approaching the door, there was a voice from the parking lot shouting, " It can't be! Eloise and Shay Shay! " As they turned to see who it was, Shay and El both began to laugh. It was another friend of theirs, Lisa Collier. Lisa was always so much fun and always trying to keep Shay and El out of mischief. The three of them took hold of her husband Steve's arm and walked him inside. Steve was from Oklahoma and had been told many stories about the three of them in their school days. He knew they were in for a good time.

The band that was playing was really good. Shay had heard them before several times and really enjoyed them. The band was playing a song called "Watermelon Crawl, " There were a group of people line dancing in one area of the dance floor and couples in another area dancing. El and Shay headed to the line dancers and slipped right in saying their 'hellos' to as many as they could. As the music and liquor filled the room everyone was having a great time. Shay was seeing people she had not seen in a while. She had forgot about being so upset before she left the house.

Shay was standing at the table that their drinks were on. She felt a hand on her lower back and a voice that she would never forget. As she looked over her shoulder, she was right. It was Carl Simmons. He still had that killer smile like he had years ago. Shay's heart still fluttered a little when he flashed her that smile that use to melt her. "How are you Shay?" he asked as Shay tried to gather her thoughts. Her heart was racing from dancing but he also had that effect on her. Always had. Shay took his forearm and replied, " Hello Carl, I am just wonderful. How have you been?" His reply was, " I am fine Shay and you look great as usual." He then leaned forward and asked if she would like to dance.

Before they knew it, four songs had played and they were still holding each other and talking about the "back then" and the "now." Shay was hanging on his every word. She always found him interesting, and thought of him from time to time since their paths grew farther apart as they sometimes do after college. Shay could tell she needed to take it easy on the drinks, she was still able to function but she could tell that her mood was changing some. Carl was holding her and putting on the charm that he was so good at.

The band had taken a break before they were to start their last set for the night. Carl and Shay had stepped over to the table where everyone was. Shay was no fool. She could sense the attraction between them. She began to feel a little flushed as she thought about her never letting him fuck her when they were both in school, or even after college. Several times he was sliding his finger in and out of her, rubbing her clit and she was so wanting to go all the way. But she would always stop him. He was the first man to actually see her breast. He was the first boy Shay had given a hand job. Carl Simmons had a lot of Shay's first, and he knew it.

Shay remembered at their 5 year Class Reunion he told he would love to have what she would not let him have years ago. Shay thought to herself with a smirk..."just don't say it tonight Carl!" She was a little intoxicated, horny and feeling very vulnerable. 

Shay quickly left her little nasty thoughts as she felt a cold liquid on her leg. The waitress began to grab napkins and apologize for spilling a drink on her jeans. Shay assured her that she was fine. She then went to the ladies room to place her leg under the hand dryer. An old trick learned years ago. As she stood in the restroom with some tissues blotting the wet spot, there were two ladies talking from one stall to the other, "...the place is over on Turtle Creek. Tony and James said they would be there. Dayum! I just can't believe that he and Shay are not together..." the woman said with a sigh.

Shay knew what she had just heard was about her and Tony. Shay felt a sick feeling in the pit of her stomach as she quickly slipped out the door. The sick feeling passed as she caught Carl in her sights. Then a feeling of hurt and mad took over. Shay passed El on her way back to the table, she slowed down just long enough to tell El she was going home. "I have a ride, call tomorrow," she said as she headed for Carl. Shay tugged at Carl's arm and he leaned down so that Shay could talk to him. He pulled his jacket from the back of a chair and shook a few hands as Shay was walking to the door.

As they walked across the parking lot to Carl's truck, Shay was making conversation trying to contain he anger. Shay was telling him she appreciated him giving her a ride home and that she hoped she had not ruined his night. Carl assured her he was ready to leave and was happy to give her lift. Carl was making conversation as they made their way through the crowded lot, but all Shay could hear was the lady in the restroom. Shay could feel her my anger inside. Shay got to thinking about how foolish she had been excepting Tony's excuses all the time. Between being pissed, feeling betrayed by Tony, the lust that had stirred for Carl and the alcohol...Shay decided to kick back. Have fun. Carl was not a stranger. She realized she was rationalizing what she was about to do.

Shay looked over at Carl as he was digging his keys from his pocket. He had his jacket off and tucked under his arm and Shay could see his hand sliding into his tight Wranglers. It made her think of the time she placed her hand on his thick, hard cock when they were in High School. Shay felt her pussy react, just as it did back then. She smiled to herself as she made her decision...Tony was about to see that she didn't have to put up with his bullshit, and Carl was about to find out just what it felt like to have his cock inside her. The same pussy only his finger enjoyed years ago. As Carl hit his remote to unlock the passenger door, he opened it. " OK 'Little Bit,' let me help you in" he said as he offered his hand. He was all smiles when he said it. That was what he use to call Shay due to her being so small. Shay took his hand and couldn't help but laugh. Shay then asked with a giggle, "DO you remember what you use to say about 'needing just a little bit of Little Bit,' and I would NEVER give it up?" As he was closing the door he replied with a smirk, " Wonder if that would work now, and yes I remember it."

Carl knew where Shay lived because she had had an Alumni meeting at her home once. Carl made small talk during the drive to her place. He played a CD he had of belly rubbing tunes from back in their school days. As he pulled off the main road onto her driveway a song came on that caught their attention. They were smiling as they both picked up the lyrics softly saying them... " when a man loves a woman...can't keep his mind on nothing else..."

Shay could feel the instant it hit him. Carl looked over at her smiling and said, " That's our dance Little Bit!" Shay replied with a giggle, " Well come get you a little bit," just like she would say it long ago. Carl quickly slid out of the truck and was opening the passenger door. Shay slid out of the cab and he pulled her to him quickly. They were back in perfect time dancing just as they were earlier at the bar. The only difference now was that Shay wanted to rub against him, so she made her way straddling his left boot with her boot. This was the stance it took to get some sexual rubbing going on. Shay definitely wanted that.

It was obvious to both of them that they wanted to take this further. Carl slid his left hand down her back and placed two fingers just inside her belted jeans. That was the cue at the school dances that signaled they needed to get to the car. That sign meant it was time for their mouths and fingers to play with each other. Getting right on the edge of submission and pulling back. There would be no stopping now. 

Carl pinned Shay against the side of his truck as the song ended. Shay again heard the woman in the restroom. All thoughts of Tony were gone. Tonight two young lovers would share what they teased with long ago. Shay placed her hands on the back of Carl's head, tilting his Stetson forward and asked, " Wanna little bit of Little Bit?" He knew what she was asking. He pressed hard against her. Then Carl leaned down to Shay's ear and whispered, " What about Tony?" As she placed her mouth on his she asked, " Tony who?" Carl inhaled deeply and slipped his strong hands over her ass and cupped her cheeks, squeezing them lightly as Shay melted into him. Carl begin to kiss her neck and whispered as he reached for the passenger door, " We can go back into town and get a room." Shay reached for his hand and told him they had the house to themselves and whispered, " Nobody's home..."

Like two teenagers sneaking into their parents home, they made it into the den. Shay picked up the remote to the stereo and started a CD of good lovin music. It was kind of fitting that the song was by Gene Watson's ..."leave if you'd rather not lose what you came for,,,walk out the same door that I let you in..."

Both of them were unsnapping and untucking each others shirts. They were about to quench something that started along time ago. The lust they had as teenagers had simmered through the years.

Carl and Shay stood in front of the sofa with just their jeans on. Both of them had their shirts open. Carl was looking at her lacy bra that was so full of her firm, tanned breast. The same breast that he had teased and sucked on. Just thinking of that caused his cock to jump. Carl slipped his index finger just inside the lace covering her right tit. Stroking real gentle and just grazing Shay's hard nipple. He noticed the little flinch of her eyes when he done this. Shay turned to Carl and slid her palms up his chest and over his shoulders, pushing his shirt from him. Carl wrapped his arms around her and laid her on the sofa, lightly laying on top of her. Shay managed to move her thigh between his legs, his cock was so hard. She applied pressure to it with her leg. She closed her eyes as she felt his body pressing into hers. His cock was just as she remembered it. Big. He grew into it. Carl began to kiss her collarbone. Shay's nipples were so hard it was as if the lace on her bra was binding them. As Carl began to unclasp the front clasp between her breast he asked, " Shay, no stopping this time?" As she felt the dampness between her legs on her jeans, she moaned, " take it Carl, no reason to stop now." She felt her breast give as he released them from my bra. He took a nipple to his mouth, popping at it with his tongue. He knew that drove her wild. With Carl it was as if he had a cheat sheet. He knew her weaknesses before they ever left the bar. Shay knew he did as well. Shay reached for his belt buckle as he teased and worked her up by playing with her sensitive nipples. She unbuckled, unsnapped and unzipped him quickly. As she opened up his jeans, his heavy cock sprung forward just the way she remembered it.

They were not aware that they were being watched. Tony had came home. He did not go to the party Shay had heard about. Nor did he stop what he was seeing before him. He stood quietly against the wall in the hallway and watched as Carl pushed his hardness against Shay. Shay's hands were gently laced through Carl's hair. Tony knew what Carl was feeling. He had felt it many times. He knew Shay was about to let go and fuck her old boyfriend. Tony felt his semi hard cock jump inside his robe. He pulled his robe open and wrapped his hand around his cock.

Tony watched as Carl began kissing Shay's collar bone with quick little kisses. He could hear her soft moans of lust. Carl sat up straddling her, looking down at her. Tony half smiled as he realized how small Shay looked under this six foot two Cowboy. Tony pulled at his cock with a steady stroke as he wondered if she would be able to handle the cock this man had. It excited him. No way would he stop this. Tony was thinking maybe Shay needed a good fucking from someone to make her realize a few things. He was trying to rationalize his not making his presence known and not stopping what was about to happen. But not for long, he got caught up in his stroking. 

Carl begin to tug at Shay's nipples and twisting them a little. Tony seen her back arch lifting them to him. Carl then begin to move back as he leaned back down over her licking along her rib cage slowly as he pinned her arms above her head. Shay could feel her pussy getting so wet. The pulsing in her clit was so strong she felt like it was causing the sofa to shake. Carl rubbed his bottom lip back and forth over the gold 'S' in her belly bo and then took it between his lips and gently pulled at it. Carl had released her arms and was opening her jeans as he continued to tease her charm.

Tony had a perfect view of the two of them. He sped up his stroke as he noticed how her full breast parted a little as she laid on her back. Shay's nipples never looked as long to him as they did in the dim light with another man seducing her. Tony gripped his cock more.

Carl bit playfully just below her belly bo as he slipped his thumbs inside the waist of her jeans and began to peel them from her hips and down her legs. Quickly Carl stood beside the sofa and stepped out of his jeans. This time he did not lay chest to chest with Shay. He stepped up beside the sofa so that he was standing even with her shoulders. Tony and Shay could both see his huge cock bouncing with his movements. He then reached for her shoulders as he began to turn. Pulling her away from the back of the sofa, he straddled her face placing his leg between her and the sofa. With his height, he had to keep his back bowed a little as he lowered his cock to her mouth. He was looking between them as she opened her mouth, took it in her hand and placed the head to her lips. First Tony heard Carl's moan as Shay's mouth closed around his shaft, then he heard her moan as she felt Carl slip his tongue into her wet slit. Tony had to grab his cock tight as he felt the cum boiling through his shaft and his knees go weak. His head was pounding he was so excited. Shay's mouth was opened as much as she could open it to allow Carl in. She began to suck and lick as his cock. Tilting her head back some so she could try and take as much in her mouth as possible. The more she sucked, the more he licked and probed her pussy. As Shay moved her head some she pushed his cock from her mouth and pushed his balls with her tongue. Immediately as her tongue teased that sweet spot behind Carl's balls, he placed a hand on both of her legs and pulled them up as he spread her, burying his face into her sweetness.

Tony watched through glazed eyes as Shay began to hump Carl's face and begging him to fuck her. Carl felt the hot cum getting closer to shooting from his cock so he quickly moved from between her legs and grabbed his cock, then lowered himself above her. He touched her wet hole with the head and began to push. There was resistance even though Shay wanted him inside her so bad. Another push and still no entering. The third push of his cock and Shay slid away from it on my back. "No Shay!" Carl moaned as he moved forward again. By now, even though she wanted him inside her, she was aware that his size was a problem and she began to tense up. Shay had to admit, the two feelings were exciting. The wanting that inside yet concerned of the discomfort. Tony watched as Carl placed his big hands between her thighs and onto her tight pussy. His hand was met by her own as they both tried to relax her again so she could take him. Carl's finger was sliding in and out of Shay's pussy as she pushed on his hand helping him. "Are you sure about this Shay?" he asked as he continued to finger her, " I don't want this to be uncomfortable." Shay was steadily fucking his thick finger as he slid the second one inside. " Yes Carl ... please fuck me...please don't give up!" she replied in a raspy voice, followed by a moan that almost sent Tony spewing.

Tony watched as long as he could. He was wanting to see Shay get fucked by Carl, he was wanting to fuck her as well. He wanted Shay to have this experience. Carl and Shay were so worked up they did not notice Tony until he asked, " Mind if I join? I know what she likes."

Shay's heart was in her throat, she couldn't speak. Carl just continued to slide his finger in and out of her. He thought if there was a problem, Tony would have already made a move, walked past them to leave and not asked to join in. Before either of us could say a word, Tony had stepped up to the sofa with his robe open. Still stroking his cock, he began to touch her face with his free hand. He could see the lust and need in Shay's eyes. He loved that look. Shay tried to fight the sensations she was feeling between her legs but it was too late. Tony asked as he lightly touched her nipple, " Want me to help him? He seems to be having some problems with my girl." Shay's pussy clenched at that. Tony began to roll her nipple between his fingers as he looked back at Carl and instructed him, " Eat her pussy. Just like I have been watching you do, but she needs more clit action," Tony then looked back at Shay and squatted down beside the sofa saying, " I will work on the tits. That really fucks her up." With that he leaned to Shay's breast and was looking into her eyes the entire time. No expression at all by either of them. He sucked her nipple into his mouth and began to roll it around on his tongue. He heard her gasp as she felt Carl begin sucking her clit into his mouth, Licking it hard. As Tony teased and played with her breast, Carl was manipulating her clit like he had found a lost toy. Shay closed her eyes and let her body feel all that was going on. She felt Carl pull away from her pussy and started pulling her by her hips towards his large cock. Shay felt the head touch her and run up and down her slickness. As he pushed again Tony seen the look on her face. Tony then slid the nipple from his mouth and asked, " You want him in there Shay?" Shay whispered a quick "Yes" as she felt Carl push into her again. This time Shay felt her tight pussy give into to his thick head. A moan of pleasure escaped her as Carl began to withdraw a little just to push into her again. This time Shay didn't move away as he plunged into her body again.
