 The story from Paul's view:

I've been in the wrestling field since I was nineteen (I'm now 25), so naturally in this business, I've met more than my share of women and younger girls in the last six years. I'm 5'11 and go around 195-205 pounds and have hazel eyes and dark brown/blackish hair and been told many times I was "cute," though I don't see what the attraction is myself.

I did have a couple of "normal size" steady girlfriends in the past, but with my schedule, things didn't really work out either time.

On the road, I've taken quite a few women to dinner afterwards, most of them also 'average' size, and a couple more I'd fucked, but there seemed to be a void there too, since it meant nothing more than sex. Along with these women, there have been "women of size" also mixed in the crowd, many of them with very nice personalities, but aside from the women I did take out, there was never much time to meet the kind I would find myself really drawn to.

One night last February, we had a show in one of the towns in Pennsylvania. That's when I saw her the first time. Anne Marie. 

She really stood out; among the crowd of people in wrestling promotion shirts, sweats, T-shirts, jeans and the like, Anne Marie was dressed in black slacks and a long black blazer that she'd worn as a top, which did nothing to hide those rounded hips and beautiful, natural 48DD tits I'd found myself drawn to. She was about 5'4 and weighed around 250 pounds, but carried herself well. She had straight, very short, very sexy red hair, gorgeous blue eyes, and a fair complexion. I would later find out she was 43, but that didn't bother me much; she looked much younger.

From that first time I'd spotted her, I'd see her often over the past year at the shows when we'd stop in her city, but I had never really spoken to her until this past show except to say hi, make some small talk in the hotel bar and pose for a few pictures (and got a peek of the cleavage of those nice mounds of hers, which was a bonus to me)until I finally got up the balls to really talk to her. Now that I look back on the whole thing, I may have gone out with the smaller girls, but it was Anne Marie's type I found myself totally attracted to.

The night we did stop over in PA again, I got more interested in her after spending more time being hypnotized by her lovely eyes. Her low cut blouse showing off the creamy white skin of her ample cleavage really got me going. I found her to be friendly and fun-loving, if a little shy. 

I had a tight schedule and had to get back to my room, since we were leaving for the next town around 4AM that morning. I ended up having to jack off to the memory of Anne Marie's full body and that sexy cleavage really bad before I went to sleep.

That summer when we returned, though, I had better luck. And what luck it was!

After the show and we we all went to the lounge, lo and behold, there was Anne Marie, looking a little thinner, but wearing jeans and a white, low cut T-shirt, giving me a view of her sexy cleavage. I was already getting a bit of a hard-on, but somehow managed to control myself.

I went over and said hi, and Anne Marie gave me a broad smile back, looking at me with those eyes of hers, and we began to talk. After about half an hour of chit-chat, the conversation turned to love, lust and sex. We talked about our past relationships and how we both seemed to lack find ing anyone decent, in my case, anything outside of the slutty "ring rats" that would get in any of my fellow wrestlers' pants at the drop of a hat. That wasn't what I was looking for. 

We were still talking when we went outside to a spot where I could be alone with her, away from the noise inside.

"It's harder for women like me to find good men though," she said.

"Why?" I asked.

"Look at me," she respnded with a small laugh. "I'm forty-three and I'm hardly a twenty-year-old supermodel."

"You're beautiful," I said, hardly believing no man would find someone like her so sexy.

"Mmm hmm. And how many other women have you said that too this week?" she appeared to be teasing, but I wondered if she thought I was a 'player' like the other guys.

"Just one," I said, meaning it, then added, "I can say your face is certainly beautiful. But the times I've seen you, I never really got more than glimpses of your body. And I have to admit those leave me wanting more."

"Is that so?" she asked, turning pink.

I told her about how I'd felt when I'd spotted her earlier tonight, the desire for her that had overwhelmed me. She still looked at me as if I was giving a line of bullshit, so I leaned over, took her in my arms and kissed her. Not one of those friendly, peck on the cheek on a quick on on dry lips, but a full kiss, my tongue licking the corners of her lovely mouth before I found her own tongue.

We kissed hungrily, tasting lips and tongues for a few minutes before she pulled away. 

"You know, you could have anyone," she said shyly, seeming embarrassed about enjoying our kiss. 

I took her back and kissed her again. 

"I want you," I said in her ear, "I've always wanted you."

My hands found themselves fondling her breasts outside her shirt. They were enormous. I'd never seen anything so sexy.

"Let's go inside," I said. "I don't have to leave until morning and I'd like you to come upstairs with me."

It was all I could do not to cum in my pants, as we took the elevator up to my room, thinking about that it wouldn't be long before I going to make love to my dream girl. Who cared if she was eighteen years older than I? At least this time, the sex would mean something.

We were still kissing off and on when we got into the room, but I quickly broke the kiss to lick and nibble my way down to her neck as I undressed her and gotten naked myself, heading eagerly for her beautiful breasts. I sucked her pink nipples, my hands roamed all over them touching and licking every inch of their natural beauty. 

I kept all this up as I slipped one hand down the front of her panties and found her mound shaved silky smooth and my fingers pressed against her opening. She was already sopping wet. 

"It's been a long time for me since I been with a man," she explained. "And I've never been with a younger one."

I kissed her again. "I'll make it worth your while, baby. I want to take care of this sweet pussy of yours."

I peeled down her panties and she stepped out of them. I then traced my fingertips along her thighs, brushing against her pussy lips and put two fingers gently in her wet slit to tease over her clitoris. She moaned, bucking her hips against my touch; she wanted me as much as I did her.

I lay her down on the bed, kissing and licking my way down the ample body of my lovely goddess, until I reached her pussy, then delved my tongue right in. I was alternating between rubbing the flat of my tongue over her clit and vigorously fucking her with my tongue as her hips squirmed above me and I could feel her cumming.

After she had come, she pushed my head from between my legs, not seeming so shy anymore.

"Fuck me," she said. "Fuck me now, Paul. I want you to fuck me so bad..." She then sat up on the bed, turning herself over, indicating she wanted me to take her from behind.

Climbing behind and then on top of her, I was trailing my hard cock down her ass to her sopping wet cunt. My manhood found her entrance, and she was so wet she nearly sucked me inside before I was ready. Her pussy was so tight and I loved the feeling as my dick went further inside her. I ran my hands over her full ass cheeks as I pushed forward into her sweet, tight pussy. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhh...Paul...yes....fuck me..", she moaned, as she felt me slide all the way into her sex-starved pussy in one stroke. I held myself inside her, reaching around and feeling her huge breasts and her naked, full figured body. 

I continued going deeper and harder into her pussy as she came over and over as our lovemaking got more intense. 

"God, I love this," Anne Marie said. "I love having your big cock in me. You like my tight little cunt? You like it taking your cock, Paul? Yessss, fuck me harder, you feel so fucking good!"

I reached from behind and grabbed hold of her swinging breasts again, gripping onto them tight.

"Oh God, I'm going to cum," she squealed. "Fuck me harder!"

"This is what you really came up here for, isn't it, baby? My beautiful goddess came here to get some of this hard cock...and it's all for you baby..." I grunted. "God, you are one hot bitch that likes getting fucked, don't you?"

"Fuck yesssss," she hissed, "Ram that cock into me, Paul! Fuck that pussy. Give it to me good. I've wanted to fuck you for a long time just as you wanted to fuck me tonight. Ohhhh...Paul, your cock feels so good! I'm cumming again! Fuck me deeper! Yes! YES, FUCK ME!"

Once she had cum, I turned her over onto her back, wanting to see more of that horny body. My lips found hers and we kissed passionately, tongues shooting far into the other's mouth. We were breathing heavy into each other's mouths as I began to slam my cock in and out of her twat. 

"Mmmmph...fuck me, Paul...harder," she moaned as she felt my cock reach deeper inside her. I pushed her legs up so her feet were near her head as I began to fuck her a little harder. I broke the kiss and watched her as we made love passionately. 

"OHHHHHHHH GOD....FUCK ME!!!" she cried, this time cumming violently. 

This forced me to fuck her upwards with my hips, as her orgasm was far too intense. I banged her upwards as fast as I could as I felt my cum shoot its way from my balls to my cock, starting to lose it.

"Ohhh God, I'm gonna cum!" I called out. 

"Oh yes! Cum inside me, Paul!" Anne Marie screamed as her orgasm died down enough for her to speak. I continued to fuck her with all my might, my hands now had a death grip on her soft ass. I could feel the heat building in my balls, and I knew I could hold out no longer. I heard myself let out a grunt and she knew I was ready. 

She was holding my penis deep inside her hungry vagina. I moaned as my cock spasmed, shooting a long stream of hot cum into her eager, hot snatch. Another thick load sprayed behind the first, firing far into her pussy. She was moaning as I emptied my seed into her body. 

My cumming was so intense, I couldn't breathe. Another three loads shot into Anne Marie's cunt, but the power died down from what it was in the beginning. Finally, the last of my sperm trickled into her, and I was able to kiss back at her searching lips, gasping for breath. 

Afterwards, as we lay beside each other, she seemed to become shy again.

"I loved it," I told her, kissing her. "I love you."

She smiled down at me. I slid one finger inside her again, feeling my cum.

"I bet you were just saying that to be nice," Anne Marie ginned as she reached down and began to stroke my cock, already getting hard again. "But I want to make sure."

She then pushed me on my back. "Fuck me again, Paul" she said.

In seconds, she was guiding my cock into her hot cunt. I felt my cock stretch the opening of her snatch, stretching her wide. The exquisite feeling of my cock filling her tight wet cunt drove me wild. I started shifting my hips upward, fucking her, with slow hard strokes, then ramming into her so the entire length was embedded into her slick pussy as she began to ride me. I will never forget it. It was the most beautiful sight I'd ever seen, her massive tits bouncing as she fucked my cock over and over.

"God, you feel so good this way. You like me riding your cock, Paul? You like it sliding up and down in my pussy, don't you? Yessss, fuck me harder, yes!"

I bucked my hips upward harder, trying to go deeper inside that heavenly pussy of hers. I've fucked quite a few women in my lifetime, but I never had anything as sensational as this full-figured sexpot was giving me now as her hips ground down to meet mine in our fucking frenzy.

"Fuck, I'm going to cummmmmmmmmmmm!" she gasped.

I pinched her little pink nipples as she reached one hand down and began to rub her clit while she fucked me. I could feel my second orgasm of that night fast approaching, my cock stiffening and quivering.

"Fuck meeeeeeeeee," she moaned, "Fuck me, Paul. Fucking come in me again!"

"Fuck me," I moaned back to her, "Ride my cock, baby. You are so beautiful when you ride my cock."

We came hard together, her wet cunt milking my cock as it spasmed, exploding of what seemed to be gallons of my cum into her. I pulled her down to me, sucking her tits, prolonging her climax.

She then climbed off of me. "Did you enjoy that, baby?"

"Oh, hell yes," I panted. 

We rested for awhile, then proceeded to fuck again for another couple of hours before we fell asleep. Check out time was noon the next day, and she sent me off to the next city with a hot blow job and another fantastic ride on my cock before she showered, put on her clothes and went home.

I remember thinking I couldn't wait until we stopped in her city again; when I had some time off, I even made side trips to see her. I was in love with both her and her full, sexy horny body.

I've now been with Anne Marie for a little over a year and we now have a daughter together; Lauren wasn't planned, but she is as beautiful as her mother and it is my greatest hope that some man appreciates her own body as it is someday the way I have Anne Marie's.

I still take some ribbing over the age difference, but I thank my lucky stars every day for bringing her into my life.