 As he wove through the early lunch traffic he began to think about her. How soon he would feel her in his arms. Feeling her breasts crushed against him, the feel of soft silk coating her body, slinky and seductive. His cock began to thicken as he fell deeper into his daydream.

It had been what seemed like months since he seen her, although it was only a couple of weeks. He could imagine her hands sliding up the front of his slacks to cup his hardening cock and balls. He could taste her lips and feel her breath on his neck as he nuzzled her neck planting kisses all along one side and then the other.

He nearly plowed into the car in front of him while he concentrated on his thoughts about her. He pulled into the parking lot and scrambled out of his car and was up the steps as quickly as his feet would carry him. He placed his key in the lock, breathing deep, feeling his cock start to become firmer now that he was here with her.

He opened the door and she came to meet him in only a sleek black negligee. The soft silk swirling around her like a luminous black cloud. Then she was in his arms and he was kissing her. Her lips were soft and her mouth hungry on his. He slowly licked at her lips with just the tip of his tongue only to find her tongue following his every move. His hand moved to cup her breast, soft yet firm in his hand. He could feel her nipple rise to meet his fingers as they closed around it. Rolling it back and forth gently, slightly tugging on it as he squeezed more firmly, making it come to a hardness that closely resembled his hardening cock.

He felt her hand slowly close around his hardness and give it a firm squeeze. He felt her shudder slightly as she felt his excitement. He kissed her harder and let his hands slip between them to cup her mound. He gently lifted her with his cupped hand and soon felt her dampness begin to seep through the thin silk. She squirmed against his cupped hand pressing back against it, finding pleasure in his touch. He slowly forced a single finger up between her damp lips to find her soaking wet to his touch through the silk. She sighed and pressed herself down onto his invading finger, forcing it deeper inside her. 

He let his hand slip from between them and both hands gently cupped her face as he kissed her. His hands slipped down her neck to her shoulders and slowly began to push her down until she was on her knees before him. She knew what he wanted and slowly undid his buckle and then his slacks, letting them slide to the floor and his feet. Her hand grasped his throbbing cock and slowly began to jack his cock as she looked up at him. He watched as her tongue flicked out to get her first taste of him. The small jewel of precum sliding across her lips making them glisten. She licked slowly around the head as she continued to jack him. Her lips parted and slowly surrounded the crown of his cock, holding him just inside her lips as she continued to stroke his rock hard cock. 

As he stood there he felt her lips around the head of his cock as her tongue gently prodded the small opening in his cock looking for another taste of his precum. Then keeping her lips in full contact with his cock she slowly eased her head forward and inch by inch took him in her mouth until he was completely inside her. His cock pulsed in her mouth as she slowly began to use her mouth to stroke up and down on his cock. Her mouth was hot and wet and he reveled in the feeling of her lips and mouth around him. Her pace quickened and he decided he was not going to hold back. He would give her what she wanted with no resistance. As her hot mouth continued its caressing of his cock he could feel his release approaching. 

She must have sensed he was getting close because she pulled back and let her lips trail down the underside of his cock to his balls. He could feel her tongue lathe against them , her tongue wet and soft on the soft sack of his balls. All the time she slowly jacked his cock as she licked at him. Her lips trailed back up his cock and he almost passed out as he felt her hot mouth engulf him once again. This time she made no pretense and began to suck his throbbing cock in earnest. he felt her hot mouth slide along his length, taking him all on each downward stroke. He felt his release build until he was no longer able to hold back. He felt his legs tense as his cock exploded in her mouth, shooting spurt after spurt of what felt like molten lava out the end of his cock filling her mouth. 

She held him there prisoner in her mouth until his release was complete and there was not another drop left to give her. She looked up at him with a pleased and satisfied look in her eyes, which mirrored his own feeling of satisfaction.

Slowly he stepped back slightly to the point where his softened cock slipped from between her lips, causing her to form a mischievous pout on her face as she looked up at him. He reached down and took her hands and slowly pulled her to her feet. He took one finger and slowly slid it along the side of her lips, slowly pushing the one-drop of cum that had leaked from around his cock. He pushed his finger between her lips offering this last little taste to her. She sucked the drop of cum from his finger like the last vestiges of icing being licked from a bowl.

He guided her to the couch, forcing her to sit down. He dropped to his knees and looked up at her reclining slightly on the couch. “I am going to lick and suck your wet little pussy until you scream for release,” he said. “I am going to tease you and please you until my cock is hard again and then you shall have it all” With that said he slowly pushed the flow of her gown up her legs until she was bare before him. He trailed soft kisses up the inside of one thigh until she could feel his breathe warm on her wetness. Just when she was sure she would next feel his lips and tongue on her lips his head moved and slowly began to kiss up the inside of her other thigh. She sensed rather that truly felt his finger slowly starting at the bottom of her lips and gently parting the outside of her lips. 

His tongue soon followed the trail being blazed by his finger. His tongues touch was light on her and she tried to scoot forward so she could press herself to his face. As she moved he moved with her, not allowing her any firmer pressure. She felt the tip of his tongue touch her clit illicit ting a response from her like she had been hit with an electrical spark. His tongue gently circled her clit with only the barest pressure. Almost so little pressure she could hardly swear she felt it. The feeling was intensifying with each circle that his tongue made. Then suddenly the light pressure was gone. 

She gasped as she felt his long finger slide completely up inside her without stopping. She was so wet there was no resistance to stop it. She felt it slide back out and then deep inside her again. She knew what was coming and tried to anticipate the moment she would feel it. His finger continued to slide in and out of her in full strokes, in slow measured strokes so that just as his finger was completely inside it was on its way out again. He pressed in again and then she felt it. He had crooked his finger in that “come here” gesture she had come to love so much. He was stroking that spot deep inside her that when touched drove her crazy. 

He pressed against her G-spot and slowly began to massage it in small circular motions, never letting up on the pressure. She squirmed under his touch as she felt his tongue and lips join the excitement. His lips encircled her clit and she felt his tongue flick out to caress her clit. His tongue was wet and slippery on her clit and between his wicked finger pressing against her spot and his lips and tongue on her clit she knew she was getting close to losing it.

Just as she felt her orgasm begin to well within her his tongue and finger were gone. He rocked back on his heels and told her to look at him. He was resting back on his heels, his hand around his hard cock slowly stroking it. She loved to watch him stroke his cock, especially when she knew he was really showing her what was in store for her.

As she looked at him he reached down and slowly slid 2 fingers deep inside her, the sensation so sudden and intense she almost came immediately. He crooked his fingers and then reached out with the other hand and took hers and helped her off the couch. With his fingers still deep inside her he slowly pulled her along into the dining room. He dropped her hand and pulled out one of the chairs. He sat and then bowed his head as he used his fingers buried in her to pull he closer. She watched as he lowered his head and suddenly his face was buried in her. His tongue licked frantically at her wetness, parting her lips and using the end of his tongue to scoop her juices into his mouth.

She trembled as his tongue continued the attack on her wet pussy, now running juices down his chin and her legs. He raised his face from between her legs and she could see his face shiny with her juices. He sat back in the chair and started to stroke his cock again. “Come sit on my cock” he said as he looked at her. She moved forward as she lifted the hem of her negligee until she was bare from the waste down. She started to pull it over her head but with a quick shake of his head he indicated this was not what he wanted her to do.

She straddled him in the chair and she felt him slowly take his cock and slide it along her lips. Using the head to part her lips. When she felt the head of his cock part her lips she sank down on him in one motion, impaling herself on his hard cock. She felt his hands come to her breasts, cupping them both, his fingers finding her nipples and firmly pulling on them. Using her nipples he pulled her to him until his face was buried in the side of her neck. She felt soft kisses along her neck and the his breath in her ear as he told her “now ride my cock, use it as you wish, it is all for you”. 

Needing no further encouragement she began a slow series of motion, lifting herself until she could just feel the head still in her and then sinking slowly back down on him. Over and she rode his shaft up and down. His fingers helped by pulling up and down on her nipples as she rode him. Her pace quickened and she could feel the blessed relief she needed inching closer. She flung herself down on him faster and faster, trying to reach the point where her release waited. She felt his hands reach up to cup her face and then he was pulling her face to his. She felt his lips on hers, crushing them, his tongue forcing its way into her mouth.

As she rode him, she was going crazy with the abandon she felt when she was so near cumming. He must have sensed this because he suddenly grasped her hips and held her still. In one motion he stood and laid her back on the table. He grasped her legs and pulled her further onto his cock if that was possible. He then started to drive himself into her in long deep strokes. She could feel his cock hitting spots no one had ever hit before. His cock throbbed deep inside her as he now lost control of himself and plunged his cock into her like a jackhammer. Over and over he drove into her, until she felt the wall break and her orgasm hit like a rushing tide.

Her cum spurted out around his cock spraying them both as she felt him bury his cock into her one more time. She felt his cock pulse and then the jets of cum were filling her. White hot spurt after white hot spurt hit the walls of her pussy as he emptied himself into her. She felt him stiffen as the last of his cum poured into her. Then he was slumped over her, his mouth finding hers crushing her in one last lingering kiss and embrace.

He lifted his head and looked at her and with a hint of a devilish gleam in his eye, he told her “that was the best lunch I ever had”.