 Special thanks to a great author RDeLajour and special friend. Her stories have been a joy to read and I wrote this for her. I hope you enjoy. This is a True Story.

******

She called me shortly after I left for work. My girlfriend and I have been living together for six months now. She is 5'7" average build with nice 34c breasts, natural blond hair, and keeps her pussy trimmed short, but sexy. This woman is a firecracker. 

We can't keep our hands off each other and have had sex as often as three times a day on weekends. I am 5'11", 180 pounds, brown hair, with an average cock that can get rock hard just thinking about sex, much less this hot blond fox calling me. 

She works close to home for an ID badge company. 

I work as an electronic tech traveling around the city and local area servicing PA systems for schools and businesses.

She asks if I'm working in town today and by chance my schedule had me working on a few schools close to home. 

"Yes" I reply wondering what was up. 

"What about a nooner today?" She asks. 

"I will meet you there about 11:45" I say as we hang up. Its going to be a long morning. I adjust my cock in my pants as it hardens quickly, making it hard to concentrate on driving. I'm always up for a chance at that tight pussy. I've heard of people talk about nooner's, but felt like a lot of that was just talk. Who has time or the ability to get together for hot sex at lunchtime?

I arrive and work and gather my work orders from the lady in dispatch. She flirts with me any chance she gets. I have trouble keeping my rock hard cock from showing thru my blue jeans. I certainly don't want her to think she has made something happen with with her incessant flirting. I have more than I can handle right now. 

I climb into the truck having to adjust my cock again, thoughts of what she is cooking up for lunch running thru my mind. I try and concentrate on work and getting finished by 11:00, so I have the time to drop by the house for lunch. I get there a few minutes before her and head to the kitchen to get something to drink. While in the kitchen, I hear the front door open and close. I walk around the corner and am shocked by what I see.

As her business is mostly conducted over the phone, their normal dress was business casual. She had on a black skirt that ended slightly above the knee, sexy black hose, white top v cut showing modest cleavage and a matching jacket. On top of that she was wearing heels. She never wears heels to work. 

My cock instantly started growing as I crossed the living room to her. I complemented her on that sexy outfit, knowing that her boss probably creamed his jeans when she walked into work that day.

I gather her in my arms and softly kiss her lips, as I whisper in her ear how hot she looks. Then I nibble on her lower earlobe as I know how excited she gets when I do this. She squirms in my arms as I return my mouth to hers. Our tongues dance with each other exploring each others mouths, I pull her tighter to me. I slowly slide my hand down her skirt and reach under it. I slide my hand slowly up her hose covered leg. Oh my God, she has a garter belt and hose on. 

My cock is rock hard by now as I press closer to her and slide my hand up further toward her crotch. I can't hardly stand it as I realize she is wearing those hot lacy barely there panties. They are high cut and hug her pussy perfectly. I slide what little material there is aside and slip my finger into her dripping cunt. 

She squirms in my arms as I slide my finger up and down her slit, she is soaking wet. I graze her clit and she jumps. 

She whispers excitedly, "Lets go upstairs."

I follow her up the stairs gazing at her hot ass and those sexy legs in her hose.

As we are supposed to be at lunch, I realize we don't have much time. Besides, we are both so worked up, its not going to last long. 

She climbs into the middle of the bed. I lay beside her as my lips meet hers and I slide my hand inside her bra. I can't resist those hot breasts, as I rub her nipple with my fingertip. Her body is tensing up she is so excited. She hardly can contain her orgasm. I slip her nipple out as suck on it. She gasps. I lick around her nipple and suck it into my mouth while dancing my tongue all around. We can't ignore the other nipple as I slip it out and lick and lightly nip it. 

She lifts her ass off the bed as I raise her skirt up to her stomach. I slide her panties off, at last my prize in sight. Her juices are dripping down her slit, as I bring my tongue to her pussy. I slide my tongue up and down her slit, penetrating her pussy. 

I slowly work my tongue in and out of her pussy drinking in her sweet juices. I slide the tip of my tongue slowly up and down the sides of her slit. Her hips are bucking, trying to guide my tongue to her clit.

I flick her clit as she moans and tells me to fuck her. 

"I need your cock now!" She says as she guides my head back up her body to her mouth. She presses her tongue in my mouth tasting herself. 

I place my arms under her knees and raise them toward her chest. 

My cock easily slips into her hot pussy as I drive my cock to the hilt. I start pounding her pussy with my hard cock as she pushes up against my hard thrusts. 

She squeezes my cock with her pussy muscles, knowing it will drive me to the edge. Her pussy is dripping with wetness.

The excitement builds as I can feel my orgasm just a moment away. I thrust harder as we both cum together, grunting and panting, my cum flooding her pussy. I release her knees as we both are panting, trying to catch our breath. I kiss her gently as we slowly return to normal breathing. I lower her legs to the bed.

Her chest is crimson red from her orgasm. I love making her cum!

Since we only have an hour for lunch, I slip her panties back on her and help her off the bed. We straighten her skirt up and we stagger down the stairs. We head to her car as I kiss her and thank her for lunch. 

As I pull out of the driveway, I smile thinking how she will be back at her desk, talking to her customers selling them ID badging systems, many of them men, with my cum in her pussy.