 Connie snuggled in to the corner of her new leather couch and pulled a throw blanket over herself. The leather warmed quickly and she closed her eyes for the nap she required to make it through the night. The sound of the front door unlocking prodded Connie to sit up and smile as Trent entered their apartment. He looked exhausted as he made his way to her. Pulling back the blanket she patted her lap and Trent rested his head on her soft bare thighs as she covered him up.

Gently running her fingers through his hair she whispered, "Have a sleep and I will wake you when it's time to get ready." Trent didn't respond and his quickness to sleep supported her observation of his exhaustion. For the next two hours she watched television as the love of her life slept quietly. She used the time to decide what she would wear to the celebration party at the studio tonight. Down and Dirty II had been nominated by the AVN for best amateur movie and the starlet Kitty Cumz had also received a nomination. Jason was adamant that a celebration was in order regardless of the outcome of the awards. Through dedication and hard work, this movie was the highest grossing film to date for them.

Holding Jason's arm, they walked to the main entrance of the studio. Ty stood silently with the door held open and a huge smile as they approached. Connie smiled at him as she reached up and kissed his cheek, "Don't you look handsome tonight!" Ty smiled and fixed the jacket of his tuxedo. Inside there were more people than she had anticipated; Caterers, a bar, a DJ, the entire crew was already inside. As her eyes focused around the room she saw the petite starlet. Kitty was dressed for attention and she was getting no shortage of it from a group of older men.

Kitty's smile glowed from all the attention. Her hair was in an elegant bun with a swooping lock sliding down her back awareness to her long dark hair. Connie couldn't take her eyes off the dress, or the lack of dress; the back was wide open and touched the crack of her backside. The lace was almost sheer and from her vantage point, it appeared that the dress was all Kitty wore with her sequined leather stilettos.

A waiter glided by with a tray of drinks, pausing just quickly enough for Trent and her to grab a glass of champagne before he sailed away again. Trent spotted Jason and gave Connie a gentle nudge as he made his way to say hello. 

Jason's smile was radiant as he raised his glass to greet them, "Welcome!"

Trent raised his glass, "I wouldn't miss the party of the century." A devilish grin crossed Trent's lips as he took a sip.

Jason's eyes traced over Connie before he leaned in and gave her a quick kiss on the lips. "You better watch yourself; I don't think Kitty wants any competition for the attention tonight!" His voice was a whisper in her ear.

Connie stood bewildered as Jason repeated the message to Trent while the two of them eyed her up like candy. It took a moment, but she found herself looking for at herself in a mirror to understand Jason's comment. A simple sleeveless black dress that stopped mid-thigh, moderate black heels and her hair pulled back in to a low pony tail. Her outfit was hardly tempting , if anything she looked conservative.

The men began to laugh as they watched her trying to figure out the meaning of Jason's comments. Silenced only when Connie spoke, "I don't get it. This dress isn't revealing or anything." Connie shook her head in bewilderment.

Jason leaned forward, "You are the fuckable girl next store! Sluts are everywhere but every guy wants to corrupt the innocent looking ones."

Connie blushed and responded the only way she could; she laughed.

Diana made her way over and gave Connie a big hug, "You look beautiful sweetheart," then she gave a gentle kiss on her cheek before embracing Trent. Connie watched surprised as Diana kissed Trent; it lasted long enough to surprise her before Diana broke it off and stood back by Jason.

"Why don't you come with me Connie?" Jason held his hand out for her. "I want to introduce you to some people. Jason led her up to the small group of men surrounding Kitty.

"Kitty, I'm sure you remember Connie?" He held Connie's hand out presenting her to the group. "Gentleman this is Connie. She worked tirelessly behind the scenes to make this movie a success."

Kitty raised a snobbish nose at Connie as the men said hello and checked Connie out. Jason introduced the men individually to Connie telling her what each ones roll was in the business, but it was all a blur. Judging by the quality of their suits, she suspected from her initial sighting of them that they were people of significant wealth. Kitty's nose returned to normal when two of the men returned their attention to her. The third man continued talking to Connie.

"Leave her with me! She's in good hands." The old man laughed as he took Connie's hand and placed it on his arm guiding her to the bar. Jason smiled and disappeared in to the crowd. All Connie could do was smile nervously and follow the man to the bar.

"Connie my dear, you look stunning." The old man made no secret as his eyes crawled across her body. 

Heat flushed to her cheeks instantly, she could never get used to it, "Thank you. I'm sorry, what was your name again? What do you take care of?"

Isaac Rot laughed then proceeded to reintroduce himself, "I'm the financer for the films my dear; I'm the guy who can make you a star! Make you a lot of money" He emphasised, "A lot!" All the time he spoke his hand was held gently on the small of Connie's back.

Connie could only smile in response. He was shorter than her in her heels and she estimated he was only about the same height as her without the heels. Wisps of silver grey hair crossed the top of his head; his hands were strong and thick with sausage fingers. 

"So how long have you been working behind the scenes Connie?" Isaac's eyes darting between Connie's mouth and breasts. 

Connie smiled thankful he didn't call her a fluffer, "Almost a year now. I started as a cleaner."

Isaac's hand pressed a little firmer on her back and began a slow descent, "You are on the wrong side of camera my dear. I could make you a lot of money" As he spoke his hand paused on the top of her back end. 

Connie could only shrug and smile, "I hadn't really given it any thought." It was a lie of course; she wondered about the money and following that could be hers if she were to become an actress, "How much money are we talking about?" Connie laughed as if the question was in jest, but her curiosity was piqued.

Isaac's hand was gently fondling her cheek now, "I think a lot of people would enjoy seeing this beautiful body of yours Connie so lots of directors would want you." He watched the puzzled look on her face very aware that she was waiting for a number. "Six figures would not be out of the question in your first year dear."

Connie tried not to look cool about the possibility of making over one hundred thousand dollars in a year. Just as she was about to speak, Jazz bounced over waving and smiling; immediately she met Jazz in a big hug, "Isaac, do you know Jazz?"

Isaac reached out and gently pulled Jazz's hand to his lips and kissed it, "I don't believe I have."

Connie was relieved for the distraction; she anticipated at any moment that Isaac would have her on the floor taking care of him, "Jazz taught me the business Isaac."

In disbelief, she watched Isaac do his signature move on Jazz until he had a handful of her ass too, "You girls should come see my place some time." 

Jazz was genuinely interested in Isaac so Connie took the opportunity to excuse herself and find Trent. Her mind raced about the potential money as she scanned the room for Trent before making her way to him.

Trent and Connie meandered around taking in the sights of a party full of porn industry people. While some disappeared and left for the evening, others disappeared to various sets for relief. Making their way back to the bar, they ran in to Isaac again and Connie introduced Trent to him as her boyfriend.

"What a shame!" The old man sounded defeated, "I was hoping to have some fun with her mouth."

Connie choked on her drink spewing it on the floor at her feet. Isaac responded to her spewing, "That's exactly what I was hoping was going to happen!" Trent busted in to laughter knowing full well the old man was implying she would spit his load out.

"She does have a great mouth Isaac." Trent smiled devilishly at him.

Connie did her best to change the subject, "Where'd Jazz go?"

Rolling his eyes, Isaac shook his head, "She wandered off with a wall of black meat."

Connie smiled, "Oh you mean Ty."

"The doorman; yes that is him." Isaac feigned disappointment.

Trent leaned down and kissed Connie's ear, "Jason told me you want to get to know this guy." With those words Trent excused himself leaving her alone with Isaac once again.

"What do you say we go for a little stroll around the studio?" Isaac's question was rhetorical. They hadn't walked far when Isaac guided her in to a bedroom set and sat on the edge of the bed and dropped a pillow at his feet, "why don't you get comfortable beautiful?"

Connie stepped closer to him, "Take off the dress, so it doesn't get messy sweetheart." His thick hand reached up spinning her so he could unzip the dress. As the zipper traced down her back he smiled to himself about the lack of bra and lacy black panties that rode high over her ass exposing her cheeks.

He watched as she slowly looked over her shoulder at him and slid the dress sensually down her flesh before stepping out of it and placing it on the bed beside Isaac. His heart raced and his pants tightened. Without another word, the young woman kneeled on the pillow at his feet never taking her eyes off him.

Isaac fumbled with his belt and zipper until his thick semi erect cock sprung out. He was surprisingly large for his height; she couldn't help but think that his cock was like one of his big sausage fingers. When he stood, his cock was less than an inch from her mouth and growing fast. His thick fingers slid in to hair taking grip and guiding her mouth this cock. The first lick brought his cock to full mast and he plunged it in to her mouth.

Instantly Connie knew the gentleman was gone; he was one of the guys who would use her hard until they finished. As predicted she choked loudly as his cock pounded the back of her mouth. The grip on her hair was tight and he began to fuck her mouth like he owned her. His cock pounded and dripped at the entrance to her mouth occasionally causing her to gag violently. Every gag Isaac would pull himself from her mouth tilt her face up so their eyes met allowing her to catch her breath before pounding it again and again. 

Isaac's hard cock pushed at her throat and eventually popped in resulting in him quickly shoving his length in to her until his balls were on her chin, "Take my cum! Swallow it like a good little slut!" His cock erupted with a hot volcanic torrent of sticky seed that blasted towards her stomach. As he pulled back slightly to drive it home again, the second explosion took place causing his load to blast out Connie's nostrils. Isaac held himself in her mouth until he softened. His grip on her hair relented and he sat back on the bed with a big sigh, "that was terrific my angel." 

Connie chuckled as he stood and zipped his pants up before handing her a handkerchief from his suit pocket, "we should do that again sometime love." With those words, Isaac made his exit from the studio.

As she began to dress, Connie looked over at the S&M set to see Jazz sucking Ty's big black cock. Ty caught her eye and smiled; pointing to his cock he indicated she could join, but Connie just smiled and stepped back in to the main area. 

Kitty had a man on each arm and was making her way out of the building; in fact, many of the people had left and only a handful remained. Jason made his way to her with a huge smile, "Well, was Isaac a gentleman with you?"

"Gentleman?" Connie laughed, "Only until his dick was out!"

Jason roared with laughter, "Go easy, my dad hasn't had any in a while."

Connie choked causing Jason to laugh harder.

"Yeah, that's my dad. He looks pretty good for 72 doesn't he?

"72?" Connie began to laugh too! "He sure does."

Connie and Trent made their way over to see what the commotion was all about. Jason explained through his laughter resulting in them all laughing hysterically. It was true however, that Isaac was everything he said he was; Isaac and Jason had just failed to mention their relationship. 

Making his way to the bar, Jason grabbed a couple bottles of wine from the bartender as he was packing up for the night. The DJ was removing the last of his gear and the catering staff had long been gone. With a wave of his hand, Jason motioned for them to join him in one of the living room sets. 

Trent flopped himself down in a chair and Diana pounced on his lap causing them all to chuckle. Jason sat in the corner of the couch with his leg up and patted the couch, "Come sit here Connie. I think we are going to get a show."

Leaning back against Jason she watched as Trent and Diana kissed. The studio was suddenly filled with the sound of Jazz moaning and screaming out causing them all to glance over at the S&M set. Jazz was tied down on a bench with her ass in the air unable to move and Ty was pounding her as hard as he could. Connie couldn't help but watch and feel everything that Jazz was getting. Conflicted her eyes moved back to Trent and Diana who had returned to their business.

Trent's hands mauled Diana's breasts through her dress until he couldn't take it anymore, "take that off." 

Diana stood and dropped her dress to the floor revealing her naked form to the group. She was a beautiful woman who clearly looked after herself. She stood long enough for Trent to pull his shirt off over his head and yank her down on top of him. As he squeezed and licked her breasts, Diana's hand had found what she was looking for through Trent's pants.

"Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Give it to me!" Jazz's wail echoed through the studio.

The bass of Ty's voice followed, "Tell me you want me to breed you slut!"

"Cum in me, fill my pussy with your seed." Jazz's voice was broken with moans as Ty pounded her.

In unity their moans filled the air and Connie knew Ty delivered his potent seed as promised. 

A slurping sound caught her attention causing her to return to Trent and Diana. The situation had changed dramatically and Diana was now sucking her boyfriend who was no longer wearing pants. Connie's nipples ached as Jason squeezed them roughly to get her attention. Turning her head, Jason gave her a long kiss, probing her mouth with sensually with his tongue. Connie's eyes met Trent's and they watched each other hungrily.

"Clean this big black dick now! Ty wants some of that sweet lily ass before he unties you." His voice was deep and commanding.

A gasp from Diana refocused Connie on Trent. Diana was breathing heavily between his legs, "You have to fuck me! I need it Trent!" Her voice was soft and pleading, "Please."

Standing, Trent opened a drawer and removed a small bottle of lube, "bend over the chair."

Bent over the arm of the chair with her legs spread and feet firmly on the floor she waited with anticipation for Trent. After wiping his thick cock down with a coat of lubricant he stepped behind Diana and began working his fingers in to her ass. Connie had a clear view of two fingers pushing in and out of her ass causing Diana to moan wildly.

Tightness developed in Connie's stomach as she watched and at the time she recognized it, her pussy exploded on the hand that had been slowly finger fucking her as she watched. Closing her eyes she focused on Jason's warm lips devouring her neck as one hand squeezed her breast and the other continued the slow torturous probing of her sensitive pussy. Placing a hand on Jason's to stifle his movement she turned towards the S&M room and was confused by the silence. It had been a while since she had heard any noise.

After a thorough cleaning, Ty stepped behind the tiny white girl he bound to the bench. She flinched as cool lube was drizzled down her crack and over her sensitive ass. After a quick jerk or two of his big cock he pushed it against her back door. Jazz gasped trying to prepare for what was about to happen and Ty enjoyed it. Moving his hips forward, he pushed the entire head in fully expecting the girl to scream. All that he heard was air escape her lips. Her ass gripped tightly on his cock and it felt good.

As he moved in and out of her working himself deeper, his fuck toy made no noise. His cock was buried in her and he began to pound himself in and out of her with long strokes, but she remained silent as he had his way with her ass. He fucked her hard for a few minutes before pulling out and making his way around the bench.

Connie watched in disbelief as Ty hammered Jazz and she didn't make a sound. Ty bellowed a laugh, "Well that's a first! The bitch passed out on me!" Without hesitation he returned to her ass and pounded her like the fuck toy she had become.

Diana was not so silent, "Go easy! It's been a long time!" she pleaded with Trent who was working his swollen head at her back door seemingly oblivious to her plea as he locked his eyes on Connie.

Connie stood and walked over to Trent on wobbly legs. Gently rubbing his back with one hand, she grabbed his cock with the other and stroked it. The head was just at her impossibly small ass and she knew she had to watch. Pushing gently on his ass, Connie encouraged him to push his cock in to Diana.

Diana's tight backdoor resisted as best it could, but the solid intruder pushed and the door slowly opened. Trent reached forward grabbing a handful of Diana's hair and pulled her head back as his cock slowly pushed deeper in to her.

"Fuuuuuuuuck! I forgot how big that thing is!" Diana's voice was euphoric.

Connie watched in disbelief as the cock she could barely fit in her pussy stretched Diana's tight ass open.

It was only a few minutes and his cock was plunging deeply in to Diana as she pushed back with a moan to meet his thrusts. Trent released her hair and grabbed her hips as he began to pound himself much harder than he had ever fucked Connie; it seemed he was punishing Diana.

When Jason reached around and squeezed Connie's breasts she jumped nervously. She had been so entranced with the events before her that she hadn't realized Jason had gotten up. Jason pressed himself against her ass through the fabric of her dress. Squeezing her breasts firmly he pulled her back, pleased when she slowly began to grind herself against his erection. Not requiring anymore prodding he reached down and raised the hem of her dress and slipped her panties down to her feet.

Connie could feel Jason's swollen cock pressed firmly against her ass; at that moment she became aware of her own needs and smiled when Jason slid her panties off. His cock was as hot as fire when it touched her pussy. 

Spreading her legs slightly, Jason began fucking that magic triangle where his cock ran its length over her pussy while being squeezed by her silky thighs. Taking advantage of his position, he began devouring her neck. 

Connie's eyes were fixed on Trent's cock, but she was finding it extremely hard to focus on anything but Jason's touch. His hot mouth made her skin tingle with goose flesh. Connie melted back in to him as he unzipped her dress and slipped it down to her waist exposing her breasts. Immediately upon the exposure of her breasts, Jason grabbed them both and squeezed her nipples causing an involuntary moan.

"Let's get on a bed!" Jason's voice was eager and he guided Connie to the S&M set as he motioned for Trent and Diana to follow.
