 What Leslie really needed was something to pull her out of this drab, dull funk she'd fallen into since the break-up with her boyfriend a few weeks ago. It seemed her whole dating life had been filled with a series of short-term, meaningless relationships. And the failure of each one left her feeling emptier inside than the last. Was she just attracted to total jerks? Was it her? Was there something wrong with her? She pondered endlessly. This recent break-up had thrown her into a bit of a depression and she began to think she'd never be loved at all. 

Her night was being spent in the usual fashion--slumped down on the couch, aimlessly flipping the channels of the TV. Occasionally she'd pause on a movie or some documentary, but nothing was able to hold her interest, not even the soft-core scenes she passed by several times on Cinemax. They only served to taunt her about her own failures in love and romance. Sitting there, wallowing in self-pity, Leslie was nearly in tears when the phone rang out. Eager for a distraction from her misery, she jumped up and grabbed it by the second ring. "Hello?" She said.

"Leslie! Is that you? Oh my God! It's Roy Gresson... from high school!"

"Roy?!" Leslie shouted in disbelief. "I can't believe it! How are you?" She was cheering up already. "And how the heck did you find me?!"

"I'm great! I'm in town for a trade show--over at the Hilton. I had heard you lived here now, so I called information and, well, here I am calling you!"

Leslie was thrilled. "I can't believe it's really you! How long has it been since we've seen each other, like 5 years or something? I don't think I've seen you since that party at Mimi and Todd's place 2 years after high school. This is so cool."

"I know! Listen, you better not be busy or something, girl; we've got to get together." Roy nearly shouted into the phone. "I'm only here overnight, so come over!"

Leslie hesitated for a moment, not sure if she was really up to seeing an old friend just now. She wasn't exactly her usual peppy self. But then she thought this might be just what she needed to snap her back to normal--a fun night out of reminiscing with Roy Gresson.

"Yeah. Okay," Leslie replied as she glanced at the clock, "I'll be there in about an hour."

"Great! I'll be waiting in the bar, okay? See you in a bit." Roy said, then hung up the phone.

Excitement and panic set in at the same time as Leslie frantically started pulling out clothes from her dresser and closet. After 20 minutes of fumbling with outfit after outfit, she settled on a long brown skirt, short black pullover and black, chunky-heeled shoes. It sort of gave her this sexy librarian look, and she liked it--smart and sophisticated, but not boring. It was certainly different than she thought Roy would expect her to look. And for some reason, that's what she wanted. With a quick brush of her hair and touch-up of her lipstick, Leslie headed out the door.

It was about a 15-minute drive to the hotel and Leslie was deep in thought the whole way. She and Roy had been best friends in high school, but just sort of lost touch a few years back. God, they'd had some fun times together, she remembered. What would he be like now? What would he think of her? She couldn't help but wonder. Leslie had always been considered "cute" in high school and was rarely without a boyfriend, but she'd had a near constant crush on Roy. He never seemed the slightest bit interested in anything more than being her friend, though. And she'd been content with that; they did have a really good time together. Now, however, she was worried about how he perceived her. Would he still just think of her as his cute little pal? Why did it even matter? 

As Leslie pulled into the hotel parking garage, she felt butterflies well up in her stomach. She was looking forward to seeing him again, but she was anxious just the same. After taking a moment to compose herself, Leslie boldly stepped out of the car and headed for the elevator.

On the lobby level, she walked out of the elevator and spied the bar. The butterflies came back in full force as she approached it. 

"Leslie!" Roy came running up and grabbed her in a bear hug that lifted her body off the floor. 

Her nervousness instantly fell away and she threw her arms around him. "Wow, It's so good to see you!" She smiled.

Roy set her down and just gazed at her for a moment. "Christ, you really haven't changed much at all. You look incredible." 

It was just the reaction Leslie was hoping for, but she blushed a bit nonetheless. "Thanks." 

With that, he planted a big sloppy, silly smooch on her cheek. They both laughed.

She was a little shocked as she finally got a good look at Roy. That once lanky boy she'd goofed-off with in class was now a grown man, and a really good looking one at that. He seemed so much bigger, so much more solid, so... manly. "You look great too; so much older... oh," she caught herself, "but I mean that in a totally good way." She giggled. 

"Shut up." Roy countered playfully then gave her a normal hug and a peck on the forehead. "Come on, let's go sit down and catch up." He grabbed her by the hand and led her to a cozy corner booth in the bar where they ordered a few beers.

The conversation was a little awkward at first, but by the second beer, they were both at ease, laughing and reminiscing about stupid stuff they did in school and swapping stories about college and beyond. Their words flowed like they'd never been apart at all. But there was something more happening-something Leslie couldn't quite put her finger on. As much as she was enjoying the evening, she sensed an underlying tension as Roy's eyes would occasionally lock onto hers. 

Finishing his beer, Roy suddenly changed the subject. "God, I really can't believe how good you look, Leslie." He stated, rather matter-of-factly. "I don't know why I never asked you out in high school. Was I just stupid? I mean, you looked so hot then and I..." His voice trailed off for a moment.

Leslie was stunned. "What?" She asked, not really looking for a reply. She couldn't believe he even used the word "hot". It was flattering to her to say the least. She never, even now, had ever thought of herself as a hot chick! No, she'd always been the fun, cute girl. She quickly played him off. "Oh, shut up, Roy. You never even hinted at anything like that back then." 

"No, I'm serious." He countered, fiddling with the paper on his beer bottle. "I should have asked you out. Tell me the truth, though," he pried, "would you have gone out with me back then?"

Suddenly put on the spot, Leslie cautiously replied. "Well, gosh, I mean I always thought you were good looking, too. And I might have had a crush on you. But, you know, we were friends. Anyway, it's probably for the best that you never asked me out. We probably would have been a terrible match; we were too much alike." 

"But that's exactly why we would have been a great match. I was just a chicken shit idiot." Roy protested. "I don't buy into any of this opposites attract bullshit." He was more serious now. "You and I... we should have been together. I was such an idiot."

Leslie questioned his sincerity. "How can you say that? You don't even know me now."

"You're right." Roy admitted as he slid closer. "I don't know all the details of your life. I don't know if you're married or you have a boyfriend, or what. I'm so rude, I haven't even asked..." He looked deep into her eyes as he continued. "But I know you. And looking at you here, now, I want you." 

A surge of warmth pulsed through Leslie's body. This was too much information for her to take in, and certainly not at all what she expected to come out of Roy's mouth. In a way, it's what she wanted to hear-what she'd always wanted to hear, but it also confused her and even scared her a little bit. He seemed so uncharacteristically serious all of a sudden. Was he really coming on to her? Or was this just the nostalgic confession of an unexpressed teenage crush? 

She felt Roy's hand on her knee, softly caressing as he spoke. "Come up to my room with me, Leslie. If you don't want to do anything, we'll just talk. I swear. I just want to be alone with you without all these people around."

Leslie couldn't even speak; her mind was spinning too fast. But before she even knew what she was doing, she stood up and followed him to the elevator. "I don't know if this is really such a good idea, Roy. I'm just getting over a relationship." She confessed as they entered. But Roy just pulled her into an embrace and pressed the button.

He held her head to his shoulder and gently ran his fingers through her hair and down her back. Leslie melted into his touch and left her hesitancy behind. Wrapping her arms around him, she let herself enjoy the moment-a moment she had dreamed about once upon a time. Their embrace was broken by the opening of the doors and Roy led her off without word.

As they walked down the hallway to his room, Leslie felt the butterflies returning to her stomach. "What am I doing?" She thought, but paused for only a moment when he opened the door to the room. 

Not quite knowing what to do, Leslie headed straight for the window and opened the curtains. "Wow, nice view of the city. It looks so beautiful at night, doesn't it?" She said awkwardly, trying to counteract the seriousness of the mood. But the lights dimmed and she could sense Roy walking towards her. Her heart beat a little faster, in anticipation of what might happen. He moved in behind her and wrapped his arms around her. Leslie jumped slightly then closed her eyes, involuntarily shutting off the world around her. It felt surprisingly good to be in his arms.

"Look, Leslie," he breathed in her ear, "I don't know what you must think of me right now. I just want to be with you. I... I need to be with you." His hands began moving down the front of her body as he whispered. "Call it long lost teenage love, call it adult lust, I don't care. Just let me make love to you."

Her body reacted to his every word as her mind shut itself off. The butterflies left her stomach and turned into a fluttering of excitement between her legs. Sensing no resistance, Roy's hands probed further, rubbing her breasts and reaching down her thigh, while planting light, sensual kisses on her neck. Leslie was becoming unbelievably aroused by this unexpected seduction and she gave in fully to his advances.

Her hands found their way back behind him and she caressed his butt and upper thighs, while he continued to explore her body. Her hips began to gyrate ever so slightly as they moved in an erotic embrace. She felt wetter than she'd ever been and she wanted more. 

His hands moved slowly up, under her shirt, where his fingers teased back and forth at the edge of her bra before sliding under it. He caressed her nipples with his left hand as his right hand moved down her body again, this time pulling up on the fabric of her skirt. Leslie was breathing with desire now and could feel a strong pulsing in her crotch. Her hands became more frantic on the backs of his thighs and she moved them upwards, caressing between his legs. His breath became heavier on her neck and shoulder, sending a tingle down her spine.

Her skirt now hiked up, Roy's hand found her wet panties and he rubbed, ever so gently, back and forth across the fabric. Her gyrations became stronger in response, her ass rubbing against him. His fingers tickled along between her thighs at the edge of her panties and Leslie let out a slight sound of pleasure. Her own hands now found their way to the front of Roy's pants, where she cupped them around his bulge, moving them in a circular motion. She almost couldn't contain herself as she unzipped his pants and felt the mound of his penis through his underwear.

His left hand abandoned her breasts and followed down past her navel, to the top of her panties. It moved through the waistband, stroking her pubic hair, while his right hand slid in through the side of her panties to the hot, swollen wetness awaiting him. It was almost too much to bear and Leslie let out a lustful groan. She wanted him so badly now, more than anyone she'd ever wanted before, but she was frozen in position by the ecstasy of his touch. She found some strength and started to turn around, but he held her there, fondling her even more vigorously--sliding his fingers along the folds of her entrance and molesting her clitoris. 

She reached for his waistband and finally freed his erection. "Oh God, I want you." Leslie spoke, with labored breath, as she stroked him with both hands. "I want you inside me." 

Roy plunged a fingertip into her and she gasped. His other hand firmly gripped her mound as he thrust his finger all the way in, then very slowly back out. "Leslie..." He cried our in a voice full of desire.

Suddenly, in one fluid movement, he spun her around and nearly threw her to the bed, collapsing on top of her. Their mouths finally met in a passionate kiss--lips parted, tongues intertwined, probing each other deeply. Her arms wrapped around his back and neck as they kissed harder, letting pure passion take over. Leslie hands moved down him until they found the edge of his shirt. Sliding underneath, they caressed up his bare skin, suggesting the removal of his shirt. 

Roy broke from the kiss and stood up, never taking his eyes off hers. He peeled off his shirt then quickly removed his shoes and pants. Leslie kicked off her shoes and unzipped her skirt while holding his gaze. But before she could slide it down, Roy had grabbed it at the hem and pulled it off. Her heart was beating so fast, she felt dizzy.

He dropped back down and again their lips met as his pelvis nestled between her legs. The embrace was more desperate now--her fingers running through his hair, hands rubbing across his back, legs curled around his. Leslie's feet massaged the musculature of his calves as her hands moved down, finding the waistband of his underwear. Her fingers caressed along the edge of the elastic before diving underneath, sliding across his buttocks--gripping his cheeks and gliding her fingers along his crack.

"Oh God." Roy sighed. He pulled her hands away, stopping her, then pushed her arms upwards, pinning them above her head. His kisses moved from her mouth, down her neck. As his left hand held her arms, his right hand came down, caressing her neck, her breasts and her stomach. In one violent movement, he yanked her shirt upwards and released her arms to slide it off. Leslie arched her back and unfastened her bra, which Roy then pulled forward off her and threw over his shoulder.

Freed from their clothing, Leslie grabbed Roy's shoulders and pushed him over, pinning him beneath her as she straddled his body. His hands found her breasts again and began to play, as she moved her crotch slowly along the length of his member. He squeezed her breasts harder and pulled them closer, suckling each nipple in his mouth. She reached down between her legs and caressed his exposed penis before moving her hands to the side of his briefs and giving a tug. Roy lifted himself slightly, allowing her to slide them down his thighs, before his legs and feet worked them off the rest of the way. 

She lay on top of him now, kissing his chest and running her tongue upwards. Her mouth glided up his neck, where she lightly nibbled and sucked at his earlobe, breathing heavily into his ear. Roy's hands caressed her thighs--moving from the backs of her knees to moist heat of her clinging panties. He ran two fingers up either side of ass before grabbing the fabric and ripping them down.

They rolled onto their sides, lips together again, and Roy's foot removed her underpants completely. She wrapped a leg around his thigh, pulling him close, and took his penis in her hand. Roy was momentarily paralyzed as she gripped it and stroked it up and down. Her fingers probed further downwards, finding his now tight sack. She caressed around it, over it, beneath it, then back up his rod again.

Roy suddenly found his strength and rolled Leslie onto her back, positioning himself more forcefully between her legs. His hand moved immediately to her slit and he plunged a finger inside her. Leslie lost her breath for a moment but instinctively spread her legs wider, inviting his penetration. His thumb pressed against her clitoris as his index finger thrust harder inside her. Her arms reached out beside her, grasping the bedspread as if needing something to stabilize her. A second finger now entered her, moving in and out, turning and probing her throbbing canal as his thumb maintained pressure on her clit. 

"No... stop..." Leslie mumbled breathlessly, not wanting to climax just yet. But she was powerless, lost in a world of ecstasy as Roy continued unabated. Faster and faster his fingers pumped until...

"Oh God! Oh my God!" She cried out. Her back arched involuntarily as electrifying sensations shot through her body and her vaginal muscles contracted around his fingers. Her hands released the bedspread and she lay there, unable to do anything but breathe.

Roy pulled out for a moment, but before she could even move, Leslie felt her legs being spread wider and Roy's wet fingers opening her up. He moved forward--the head of his penis now pushing in. She gasped at the feel of it---so hard, so big, yet so incredible as it made its way inside her. She regained a semblance of consciousness and instinctively wrapped her legs around his thighs, pulling him in further. Her hands clasped the musculature of his buttocks, now contracting with each slow thrust. In and out he moved, gliding through her. Leslie gripped his penis with her internal muscles and he moaned with pleasure, penetrating deeper into her body.

Nothing else existed to Leslie now. Not her break-up or misery, not the confusion over Roy's advances... nothing. Her whole world was right there at that moment. It was raw; it was physical and it felt... oh so good.

"Roll over" She whispered, not wanting to break the silence of their passion. Roy thrust once more then they gently rolled over, maintaining their connection. Leslie now sat upon him, legs astride, riding his hardness. Up and down, she moved as his hands went instinctively up her thighs and stomach to her breasts, squeezing her nipples. Leslie arched back, resting a hand behind her on his thigh, the other sliding in between his legs, caressing his scrotum. He slid a hand downward to her crotch, pressuring her clit again with circular motions.

The pace of their movements increased and Roy's hands grasped her hips, taking more control as he thrust harder. "God." He groaned in a forceful, impassioned voice. "Not yet, not yet." He whispered quietly to himself, now slowing their grinding, wanting to make this experience last. "Turn around." He begged. 

Leslie did her best to comply, twisting slowly on his rod, counterclockwise, until she was riding him backwards--her hands on his now bent knees. Roy gripped her hips tightly, holding her firmly down on him. Before she knew what was happening, he'd slid his legs out and pushed her body forward, changing their position. She was now crouched on her elbows and knees. Still controlling her hips, Roy began thrusting all the way in and nearly all the way out in slow, deliberate motions. A shockwave of excitement rippled through her as she felt the true power of his desire. He let out a low moan and she imagined he was getting more excited by the sight of his own cock gliding in and out of her. Attempting to add to his pleasure, she squeezed her muscles tightly around him as he pushed inward, releasing as he pulled outward. Her actions increased her own enjoyment as the resistance caused more pressure against her G-spot with each thrust. 

She locked her feet around his legs to help pull and push. Pleasure was welling up inside her as they moved and breathed in unison, sweat beading on their skin. Their rhythm quickened and Roy pushed harder and deeper into her. Leslie groaned uncontrollably. Waves of heat were moving through her body from head to toe, building to climax. Fast and faster, they pumped, more desperate, more animalistic. She gripped the covers to prevent being shoved off the bed from his nearly violent pounding. Yet, she cried out, "harder...", barely able to believe her own request. She was on fire inside, as his thrusts became even stronger. Her breathing was so loud and deep, she was about to faint when the fire within in her at last erupted in ecstasy. "Ahh, oh God!" She cried out, her arms nearly turning to Jello beneath her. With one final thrust, Roy exploded inside her with indiscernible syllables of breathlessness escaping his lips.
