 "What in the hell is taking so damn long?" Jay yelled up the stairs to his roommate Steve. Jay had been ready for an hour now and was still waiting on his roommate who seemed to be late for everything they did. It was Friday night and like every other weekend, the two of them had plans to meet other friends down town for a couple of drinks before seeing where the night took them. For the most part, however, Jay always seemed to find himself bored by midnight and wanting to go home due to lack of interest in the other's absurd fascination with the local dance club. He couldn't imagine this night turning out any other way. 

"Give me 10 minutes, why don't you fix yourself a stiff mixer and try to get the crabs out of your pants before we head out!" Steven hollered back. 

"Ya see, I would, but to get crabs, I'd need to be getting some," he replied under his breath while making his way to the liquor cabinet to make himself a Jack-n-Coke. 

He and Steve were great friends since high school, but Jay had a always been a bit envious of the way Steve seemed to be able to pick up a woman at will. It's not that Jay didn't have much of a sexual life, because point of fact he did. He was very attractive standing 5'11", 160 lbs, with sandy blonde hair, brown eyes, and an athletically toned body. However, he wasn't the type to be found in a weight room multiple days out of the week. Jay and Steve were former hockey and soccer players from high school and spent countless hours on local soccer fields during the summer and local outdoor ice rinks during the winter competing against one another. However, while Jay outplayed Steve on the sporting fields, Steve always seemed to outplay Jay with the opposite sex. This was mainly due to Steve's fearlessness with the opposite sex. He would do anything from making a fool out of himself to using corny pick up lines to get what he wanted. Jay, on the other hand, was much more conservative with the way he presented himself to the ladies. He was almost embarrassed by the way some guys, even ones he didn't know, tried to pick up women. He also was a bit shy when it came to meeting new people, which put a bit of a damper on his flirtation. He was one who would rather meet someone through mutual friends and try to develop a friendship before a relationship, be it physical or not. But he was not going to argue with a one nighter if he new they both were looking for the same thing. 

A half hour later, and three quarters of a way through his second drink Steve finally made his way down the stairs and into the living room where Jay was patiently waiting. Steve was wearing a pair of khaki's and a button down shirt, a bit dressier than Jay who was in his usual blue jeans and polo shirt. Jay didn't see the reason to get any dressier knowing that the night would end up with them at the local night club where there was no need for such class. Steve made his way into the kitchen while Jay followed. Retrieving a glass and the bottle of Jack Daniels, Steve poured himself a shot, toasted to an eventful night ahead, and they both slammed their drinks. The two headed out to Jay's car and took off for the bars. 

Jay lit up a cigarette, something he only did when he drank, but something he did too often when he drank. "So what's the plan for tonight?"

"Well, we're supposed to meet Kyle, Leah, and Jackie, at 11 but you never know exactly when they'll show up," Steve said with a snicker. It was common knowledge to them that Kyle and Leah were an item, even if they didn't say so. Jackie was Leah's roommate of two years. They had met in the dorms and had become quick friends. Jackie always felt like a third wheel with Kyle and Leah, and only seemed to come out with the other two as long as there would be others out with them. 

The two guys arrived at their usual pub, parked the car around the corner and made their way inside. It was unusually quiet for being 10:30 with only close to 25 people in the whole place. They ordered a couple of drinks and made their way to one of the booths across from the bar where they could see if their friends entered the bar. After several cocktails and their friends not showing up, they picked up their jackets and headed down the road to another of their favorite watering holes. 

This was a more up-tempo place where most of the underage freshman class came to drink without being harassed by a bouncer at the door. Upon entering, Jay noticed there seemed to be a large volume of ladies floating around. They fought their way up to the bar and caught the eye of the bartender who wasn't a close friend but of their acquaintance. He told them there had been two groups for 21st birthday parties come in within the past twenty minutes and from what he had heard, one more on the way. Steve ordered two shots of tequila, which he knew Jay hated. They slammed the two and Steve announced he was off to mingle. Jay just smiled and ordered himself a Rum-n-Coke. 

After another hour and two Rum-n-Coke's, Jay decided to go find Steve and see if he was ready to leave. The third birthday group had arrived twenty minutes beforehand and the bar was packed. Jay squeezed through one group of conservationists after another trying to find his buddy. 

He finally spotted him amongst a group of girls, 'typical Steve,' he thought as he approached. 

"Jaaayyyy!" Steve yelled as Jay walked up to the group "What's going on buddy? Where have you been?"

"Exactly where you left me a hour ago," Jay laughed, clearly seeing that Steve was drunk and enjoying his company. 

Steve introduced his new friends as Kathryn, Mark, Jody, and Kerri. Steve told Jay to pull up a seat, motioning with his eyes to sit next to Kerri. Mark and Kathryn were a couple of 6 years and it was obvious Steve and Jody were becoming quick friends by how close they were sitting next to each other. 'Another one bites the dust,' Jay thought with a smile. Everybody stood up and moved down a chair to fit Jay into the table. As Kerri got up, Jay couldn't help but notice how attractive she was. She stood at 5'6" probably weighing no more than 120 lbs, with shoulder length brown hair, hazel eyes, and a body that took his breath away. She was wearing a black spaghetti strapped tank top and white pants that seemed to hug the small curves of her hips. As she tried to shuffle down a seat she caught her foot on the chair and started to stumble. Jay reached out an arm quicker than he even thought possible and caught her by the arm before she tumbled over. She steadied herself on his arm, Jay could smell an intoxicating fragrance and the aroma of beer as she looked him in the eye and thanked him. 

"I guess someone's had a couple too many tonight," she joked while sitting herself back down. 

"Nah, could have happened to anyone," Jay replied as he sat down next to her. 

The two made small talk for a while where Jay learned that Kerri, Kathryn, and Mark were there for one of the 21st birthdays. It happened to be Kerri and Kathryn's roommate, Maria, who had just come of drinking age but had gone home around 11:30 to entertain out of town friends who had come for her birthday. Steve ordered the whole table a round of tequila shots. There were some groans from Mark and Kathryn but Jay kept his to himself. When the waitress arrived with the drinks, Mark suggested that they should be taken as body shots. There seemed to be no argument from anyone else. Mark and Kathryn took theirs quickly while Steve and Jody took their time licking the salt off of each other's neck and sharing one lime between each other's lips. When it was finally Jay and Kerri's turn, it seemed to Jay that they were the center of attention at the table. Kerri flicked her hair to the side and Jay leaned over and licked a spot right below her ear and applied the salt. He then moved his own head to the side so she could do the same. As Kerri moved her head into Jay's neck, he again smelled her heavenly perfume. She slowly ran her tongue below his jaw line and applied some salt. They raised their shots and Jay made a toast, "to new friends," he said with a smile. "To new friends," Kerri returned the smile with glitter in her eye Jay had seen a couple of times earlier. They each leaned in and slowly licked the salt off of each other's necks and downed their shots, followed by their respective limes. While discarding their limes, Jay and Kerri caught eyes and leaned in exchanging a sweet kiss. The other four cheered at what they saw and called for another round. 

Bar time came soon enough and the six decided to go back to Kathryn and Kerri's for an after bar that they thought would be in full swing since their roommate had gone home early. So Steve and Jody piled into the back seat of Jay's car as Kerri slid into the passenger seat. Mark and Kathryn jumped into another and followed Jay. They arrived at the three-bedroom house to find that there was a party, but had ended by the time they had gotten there. The place was trashed with beer bottles and cigarette butts all over the floor. It looked as though it had been a good time while it had lasted. Mark and Kathryn decided that they were going to head back to Mark's for the night since Maria's out of town guests had decided to crash in Kathryn's room. This left the mess up to Jay, Kerri, Steve, and Jody. 

They turned on some music, cracked a couple beers, and got to work. Kerri got busy running up and down the stairs with handfuls of empty bottles while Jay decided to start on the cigarette butts all over the kitchen floor. Steve and Jody went to the living room to start cleaning up. Jay couldn't help but keep his eyes locked on Kerri as she disappeared and reappeared from the stairwell. He didn't know what was up with the two of them, they had snuggled up rather closely at the bar but since they got home, it didn't seem like he was even on her mind. He started to think this would be like any other night where he went home alone while Steve had his fun. 

It had only been about ten minutes since they had started when Steve came in and with a smile that Jay knew so well. "Hey man, can I take your car to take Jody... home?"

"What the hell am I supposed to do?" Jay asked a bit anxiously. He knew that Steve and Jody were off to explore their new friendship but he wasn't sure he was in for the same exploration, which could leave him in a bad spot with no car to head home in. In the end he gave in though, he always gives in. Steve told him to give him a call on his cell phone if he really... really needed a ride. Jody ran up the stairs where Kerri was still picking up some garbage and ran back down and out the door with Steve, who gave Jay a mischievous smile as he closed the door. 

Jay took over clean up in the living room where he even found a couple empty bottles between the couch cushions. He started to clean off the coffee table of all the debris. He was tempted to just bring the garbage can over and brush it all in, until he came across a couple joints which hadn't been lit yet. He picked one up and brought it to his nose, 'good stuff," he thought to himself because of the smell. He hadn't noticed Kerri sneaking up behind him, when he turned around she threw her arms around his shoulders. "Hey, jackpot!" she giggled. "Do you smoke?" 

"Yeah, well, I haven't for a couple months just because Steve gave it up, but yeah, I do. "

"Good," she replied, "I think it'll be just the thing to relax with after we get the rest of this cleaned up. "

After the two had finished cleaning up Kerri flopped down on the couch with a sigh. "Phew, that wasn't any fun. I can't believe you stayed and helped clean up after a party that you didn't even get to be part of! That was so sweet of you!" Kerri leaned over to where Jay had sat down next to him and gave him a kiss on the cheek. "Now how about sparking up that joint. "

"No complaints here," Jay replied as he searched through his pocket for his lighter. He found it offered it to Kerri to light it. She took the joint and lit the end and took a few deep drags before passing it to Jay. She laid back and blew out a cloud of smoke. Jay took a couple of deep pulls from the joint and felt the smoke filling his lungs. He looked over at Kerri who had her eyes locked on his with a big smile on her face. For show off sakes, Jay tilted his head back and blew rings of smoke from his mouth. Kerri giggled and Jay passed the joint back to her. She took a couple more drags and passed it back. This routine continued until it became to hot and they made a nice little roach out of it. Jay was right, it was good stuff, he couldn't remember the last time he was this relaxed, and from the looks of Kerri, she was in the same mentality. 

Kerri turned and stretched her legs across Jay's lap and his hands instinctively fell on top of her shins. They started to make small talk about how fun the night had been, besides the clean up, and eventually Jay found his hands rubbing Kerri's legs. Jay finally looked at his watch and couldn't believe it was already quarter after three in the morning. 

"Wow, it's really getting late," Jay stated, hoping that Kerri wouldn't want to go to bed so early. 

"I know, where is Steve with your car?" she asked

Jay looked at her and a smile broke out across both of their faces. "Well... " Jay began as he got up and looked out the window "he said to give him a call when I needed a ride home. If you're tired I'll give him a call now. "

Kerri got off the couch and paced towards him. She got up close to him and wrapped her arms around his shoulders while he wrapped his around her waist. "Don't be ridiculous, I don't want you to leave. Do you want to leave?" she asked while pulling his head down hers. 

"Not at all," Jay replied softly as their lips met. This kiss was nothing like the others they had shared that evening. Jay could feel Kerri's body trembling a bit as their mouths opened and tongues intertwined. Jay could feel his cock start to grow with as Kerri pressed her body into his own. Kerri broke the kiss and without saying a word, took Jay's hand and led him through the kitchen and up the stairs. They reached the top and took a right, past an open bathroom to the only room on that side of the hall. Kerri opened the door and led him into her room. Jay noticed a couple of movie and rapper posters on the walls and a queen-sized bed in the corner. Kerri let Jay enter first and followed him in, shutting and locking the door. She turned off the lights and walked over and pulled open the curtains where the moonlight shined through illuminating her bed. She turned around and walked straight at Jay with a hunger in her eyes Jay had yet to see in her. Jay took two steps forward and they were locked again in an embrace. 

Jay leaned his head down to take Kerri's mouth in his own. His hard on was straining against the inside of his boxers, gasping for attention. With his arms wrapped around her waist he slowly began to pull her shirt up her back. Without hesitation Kerri lifted her arms to allow Jay to remove her shirt. Jay pulled it completely off and at that moment he realized Kerri was attempting to take his own off. He reached down and lifted it off his chiseled torso and flung it to the corner opposite them. Kerri had already unclasped her bra and in the moonlight Jay could see she was clearly a well-rounded C-cup. Her breasts were the most beautiful things he had ever seen. Jay pulled her close to him and the skin on skin contact was like an electric shock that ran through the both of them. Their lips met again in a hunger which sent them stumbling backwards towards the bed where they fell, Jay landing on top of her. 

When they fell, their kiss broke and Jay took this opportunity to explore more of Kerri's body with his mouth. He kissed his along her jaw line up to her ear where he lightly nibbled on her ear lobe. He knew she was completely enjoying it when he heard a slight 'mmmm,' and her left hand rubbed through is hair. With that, Jay moved his mouth down to the V in her neck. There he started a slow descent down her chest, lightly brushing his tongue down to her stomach, around her navel, and back up. On his way back up he could see Kerri had her eyes closed and was really getting into it. He moved his hands up and lightly brushed the underside of each breast making her shiver. He brought his mouth up and made large circles around her left breast, gradually making the circles smaller until he reached her nipple. He lightly brushed his tongue across the hardened nipple a couple times while his hand massaged her other breast. Hungrily he took the nipple into his mouth where he flicked it over and over again with his tongue. 

As he moved towards the other breast, Kerri reached both of her hands down the front of his jeans where she found his hardened member. He could feel her take a sharp breath when she realized the size. Jay knew that he was well endowed but it was never something he bragged about like many guys did. As his hands and mouth worked Kerri's breast, she worked to unbutton his pants and zip them down part way. This allowed her to get a hand inside his pants and rub his cock on the outside of his boxers. Jay released her other nipple from his mouth's grasp and moved his head back up to Kerri's finding her waiting mouth. 

As their passion grew with every kiss, Jay rolled his hips off Kerri leaving their bare chests pressed together and one of his legs still between hers. He slid his hand down her chest and stomach until it reached the crotch of her pants. He began to rub up and down the outside of her jeans getting Kerri to buck her hips into his hand. Jay moved his hand back up and unbuttoned the top of her white pants which hand been driving him crazy all night. He unzipped her pants and moved his hands to her hips at the pant line. In one fluent motion he wrapped his fingers around her pants and g-string and pulled them down her legs and off. Kerri reached down and fumbled a little with Jay's pants so he helped and pulled them right off along with his boxers. 

Kerri immediately wrapped one hand around his aching shaft and started to jerk him off. Jay moved one hand down to Kerri's knee and lightly brushed his way up her inner thigh and palmed her thinly shaven pussy. Jay couldn't believe how wet she had gotten and slowly swept his fingers up and down her outer lips. This must have set off Kerri's animal instinct because she release his hard on and wrapping her arms around his back and pulled Jay completely on to of her. Jay could feel the length of his cock rub up and down the outside of Kerri's mound. Kerri wrapped her hands around Jays head and pulled him down to kiss her. She greedily sucked at his tongue and bit his lower lip. Upon removing her mouth she looked right into Jay's eyes. 

"Please... I want you so bad!" she pleaded. Jay didn't need to be told twice. He pulled his hips back and aligned his 8" cock at Kerri's opening. As Jay started to penetrate her, Kerri spread her legs further and wrapped her arms around his back. Jay could feel how tight she was but yet slid in rather easily from her self-lubrication. 

"Oh god... oh... oh... " Kerri moaned as Jay slid out and back in slowly. "Fuck me Jay, Fuck me!"

With that Jay started fuck her like they were the only two left on earth. He felt like he couldn't get himself deep enough, though he had penetrated her as far as he could. Kerri's nails were digging into his back as he began to pick up his pace. 

"Oh yeah, fuck me... fu... fuck!" she started to pant over and over. "Ohhhh... yes... oh... god... mmhhh. " Kerri's legs had wrapped around Jay's ass and were trying to force him back in whenever he pulled out. 

Jay leaned back so he could get his hands on Kerri's breasts. He could literally feel them swell more in his hands as he kneaded them. Kerri was arching her back making noises, which just turned Jay on even more. He knew he'd last a while from smoking the joint. Some guys say it makes them blow their load quicker, but Jay was the opposite. He felt he received more pleasure from sex while he was high and was thoroughly enjoying the felling of this young pussy wrapped around his cock. 
