 Connie startled as her phone's vibration on the coffee table woke her from an afternoon nap. "Hello?" Her voice slowly cleared from its original groggy tone.

"Is this Connie?" The woman's voice was upbeat and youthful.

"Yes." Connie's voice answered suspiciously to the unknown caller, "I'm Connie."

Sounding like an old friend the voice introduced herself, "My name is Amanda and I'm calling from Truman Enterprises. Isaac Rot suggested that we call you immediately as a fill in."

Sitting up slowly she stared at the phone and muttered the name 'Isaac Rot'. It took a moment to realize who it was. Jason's father of course! 

"Hello?" The voice had a hint of concern that they had become disconnected.

"Yes, I am here." Her voice was quietly apologetic. "Fill in for...?"

"We are scheduled to film tomorrow afternoon and our star has become unavailable. Mr. Rot believes you would be the perfect replacement!" Amanda's voice was inhumanly chipper. "Are you available to come down to the studio today to discuss the details?"

Fear and excitement raced adrenaline through her body, "I just need to make a call first before I confirm; is that okay?"

"Absolutely!" Amanda provided her number and said good-bye.

Connie wanted this bad, but she wasn't doing anything without Trent's blessing. Grabbing her phone she sent him a text.

Connie: I was just offered a role to star in a movie!

Trent:That is AWESOME!!

Connie: You are okay with me doing it?

Trent:For sure. I know it's something you want and I'm cool

Connie:You are cool. I have to call them back

Trent:Love you sweety

Connie:I Love you more.

Amanda answered on the first ring and excitedly provided the address to the studio office. On the taxi ride there, butterflies danced in her stomach. As she entered the front doors, she recognized Amanda before she spoke. The high energy brunette raced around her desk and greeted Connie before the door closed behind her.

"You must be Connie." Amanda's hand extended abruptly from her body.

Gently taking her hand, Connie smiled, "You must be Amanda."

Amanda dragged her into a small boardroom and began sliding papers in front of her, "The director and Isaac should be here shortly to discuss the film. In the interim, these are standard release and medical forms that need filling out as well as compensation information." Amanda smiled at Connie, "Can I get you anything while you wait?"

With a smile Connie shook her head, "I'm fine thank you." Amanda disappeared closing the door as she left. The non-disclosure agreement (NDA) was typical and familiar to her from working with Jason; in fact, most of the forms where the same. The compensation form made her jaw drop; she would be paid $1000 for each day of the shoot, meals, makeup, outfits, security and transportation would be provided by the company. She would receive 3.75% of the films revenue and any marketable products as a result of the film. As Connie tried to stop her head from spinning in disbelief, the door opened and three men entered the boardroom.

Isaac made his way over and gave her a big hug and kiss on the cheek, "I told you I was going to set you up little lady. Didn't I?" 

"You did!" Connie smiled and kissed the old man's cheek before Isaac began introductions.

"Bruce here is our director." Isaac motioned to middle aged bald man who looked like he just stepped off a golf course with Arnold Palmer.

"Nice to meet you." Connie smiled and took Bruce's calloused hand.

Issac gestured to the third man, "This here is Franklin, and he is your company provided legal representative dear." He was a tall lanky man in a double breasted suit; she estimated he was likely in his 60's.

Connie shook his hand, "I need a lawyer?"

Isaac laughed as he took a seat, "We just want to ensure you understand your rights and obligations as well as the terms of the NDA."

Franklin smiled and tapped her hand, "I'm just here to make sure they don't try and own you dear."

All the men laughed and Connie giggled nervously.

The forms were reviewed and she was surprised at all the questions she had once the documents were interpreted to her by Franklin. In the end, she was comfortable with the terms and truly understood what was expected of her and what she would get in return. Franklin had done his job and sat back in his chair.

"Now we can talk about the real business!" Bruce smiled. "Let me give you a summary of the movie then we can review the script. Sound good?"

Connie nodded.

Three hours later and Connie was home again compliments of Isaac and his limo. Trent smiled as she walked through the door, gently patting the couch beside him. Like a sack of potatoes, Connie flopped down and settled into the crook of her lovers arm.

"Well?" Trent's eyes were wide! "Tell me about the movie"

Connie beamed as she told him about the compensation and details of the movie.

"Who are you working with? One guy? Two guys? More?" Trent asked eagerly.

Connie shrugged, "One guy I think, no idea who it is though. I get picked up just after lunch for makeup then they are taking me to a mall to begin filming."

On schedule, Connie was picked up and whisked away to the mall with a single cameraman and a driver. The cameraman explained the need for discretion in public limited the degree of equipment that could be brought along. When they stopped in front of the mall, the cameraman popped the side door and Connie bounced out excitedly.

"You ready to go shopping?" The cameraman was already filming her, "Let's go have some fun!"

Off and on for the next hour it was just the cameraman and her going through stores looking at clothes. Connie found a cute little sun dress and heels, "How about these?"

The cameraman shrugged and pointed to the change room. To Connie's surprise he came right in the back of the store with her and continued filming her as she tried the dress and heels on. With a couple spins it was time to put her short beige cargo shorts, flip flops and tank top back on before heading to the cash register. 

At the guidance of the cameraman, Connie made her way to the food court, grabbed a drink and found a seat. She couldn't help but think how this was so common for porn movies. Sipping her drink slowly a tall slender guy with curly dark hair made his way to the table. The cameraman moved to a nearby table freeing his seat.

"This is going to sound like a horrible line, but it's true." The tall guy placed his hands on the edge of the table and leaned in. "I find you incredibly attractive and decided that I had to at least introduce myself and see if we could get to know each other."

Although it was a script, Connie couldn't help but appreciate the direct honesty of his introduction and smiled as she held out her hand, "I'm Taylor."

"I'm James!" He eagerly took her hand and shook it gently, "Do you mind if I sit?"

Connie waved him into the seat and the dialogue continued. James portrayed the perfect gentleman inevitably leading up to setting a date for the next night. It wasn't hard for Connie to play her part as Taylor; he was attractive and she truly felt she would have been captured by their conversation and open to going on a date. The whole thing seemed very plausible to her surprise.

Returning to the van Connie changed into her new sundress and heels while they headed back to the studio to hair and makeup. As the two women fussed with her she couldn't help but feel like a movie star. When the ladies finished with her she stared in the mirror at herself. Her green eyes popped against her skin while the gentle curls of her red hair traced down over one breast.

Giving them both a hug Connie smiled, "You have to show me how to do this! It looks amazing!"

After a quick briefing with the director, she was back in the van with the cameraman heading to the restaurant to meet James for their date. Entering the dimly lit restaurant, she found James easily as he was the only one seated in the restaurant. As she made her way to the table, she was surprised at the butterflies forming inside her. James stood quickly and pulled a chair out for her before returning to his seat.

The cameraman filmed their unscripted casual discussion and as they ate. This entire portion of the movie was adhoc and the script didn't resume until after the meal when James asked if she wanted to go back to his place to watch a movie. Naturally, Taylor responded with a smile and agreed.

The remainder of the shoot would now take place in the studio and Connie was a mess with nerves and anxious energy. Connie takes a seat on the leather couch as James turns on the television and hands her the remote, "Why don't you find something for us to watch while I get us some drinks."

James returns quickly with two drinks and places them on the coffee table before sitting close to his date. On cue, Connie sits back and James casually leans in for the first kiss. As their lips and tongues increase in passion, James slowly slides his hand up the delicate flesh of her thigh, slowly pushing the thin fabric higher until her panties are exposed for the camera.

Connie jumped when she felt someone between her legs and tried to gain her composure when she realized the cameraman was very up close and personal. 

The director yelled, "Cut! Taylor baby, ignore the camera okay? Just focus on James." With a wave of the hand they were filming again.

James rubbed her gently through her panties as they kissed. Her pussy was alive and loving every moment of his attention. When he slid under and touched her wet pussy for the first time, electric shocks raced across her body causing her back to arch and her pussy to press firmly against his hand.

"Take those off." James sat back and watched as the sexy redhead slid her soaking wet panties down her legs. "And the dress?" He smiled as she complied and stood fully naked in front of him with just her wedge sandals on.

Following the script, Connie feigned shy and suggested she shouldn't be the only one naked. James stood and pulled his polo over his head quickly throwing it to the ground. His thin frame was smooth and hairless without any definition. Connie watched intently as he slowly undid his belt never taking his eyes off her. Slowly his zipper lowered until his hand reached in and pulled out an enormous cock.

The cameraman was right in Connie's face as the look of horror, surprise and shock all took their toll on her, "Jesus Christ!"

James beamed at her reaction and stepped out of his pants moving closer to her reengaging in their kiss. Connie played coy and held her hands on his chest as his slowly took in her breasts and flank until they were both squeezing her ass cheeks.

The director made a cock sucking motion in Connie's peripheral. Slowly she kissed down his chest causing his cock to swell. She could feel it pressing against her breasts as she moved lower. When she was on her knees she grabbed him with both hands and the look of disbelief returned to her face. Trent's cock was huge, but this one was surreal. Holding the base with both hands she only covered half his length.

After a quick kiss on the head, her tongue traced its length and danced over his shaved balls before returning to the swollen head. Parting her lips she slowly circled his cock with her tongue as it made its way into her mouth. James grabbed a gentle handful of her hair with each hand and slowly moved his hips as he gasped under his breath.

Sucking his fat head had Connie drooling profusely and she took the opportunity to lube his thick shaft and stroke him with both hands. It only took a moment and she had a rhythm that was definitely approved by James as he moaned and gasped from above. The grip on her hair tightened and his hips moved faster.

Connie wasn't sure if she was supposed to make him cum like this, but it was going to happen. His cock released a continuous stream of its sticky seed in her mouth as she sucked him. Experience had taught her that she was about to get a mouthful of cum at any moment. Right on schedule, James howled and bucked his hips as his balls exploded pushing the first load of his cum to the back of Connie's throat. Her attempts to swallow the remaining jets of his cum failed. His seed exploded from the sides of her mouth, down her breasts and on the floor. Each time she thought he was finished another flood of his sticky seed filled her mouth. 

James finally stepped back and the cameras moved in for pictures and video of his cum all over her, "Sorry baby, it's been a long time." 

Although he was scripted to say that, Connie couldn't help but wonder how long it had been as she reached over the sofa and grabbed his polo to wipe the cum from her face and chest. She froze as she felt James grab her hips and kneel behind her. 

Lowering her body on the seat of the couch she struggled to remember her line, "Do you have anything? Condoms?"

"I'm not going to cum in you baby, I just want to feel you." James was on a mission and pushed his monster against her tight little opening. As his head began to pierce her tight wet pussy the hot little redhead screamed out; he knew she wasn't acting and smiled as he continued to stretch her open.

Connie couldn't speak; his cock felt like it was splitting her in two as the head pushed deeper. Every movement paralyzed her as she lay defenseless against his big tool. She filled the room with screams and grunts as James claimed her pussy. Her stomach burned as he pushed deeper and pleasure escaped her at this moment; her eyes began to water and James began to fuck her faster with half his cock, trying to push deeper with each thrust.

"Fuck!" Connie finally got a coherent word out, "Let me ride it!"

James pulled himself out and sat on the couch holding his cock in the air. Connie rubbed her poor pussy as she straddled his thighs and stroked his cock. It seemed even bigger now that it had been inside her. Discretely spitting in her hand she lubed his cock a couple times before rubbing some on her pussy; it was time to put the monster back inside her.

Connie leaned forward to line him up and he took a nipple gently in his mouth. Her clitoris jumped to life and the burning pain in her pussy subsided for a moment. Slowly she lowered herself gasping for air as his thick head was firmly inside her. James continued sucking and licking at her nipples and breasts. She grabbed a handful of his hair and began to slowly grind his cock deeper.

She had been riding him for over 15 minutes before the pain subsided and she was able to enjoy his fullness although he was still barely half way in. James had seemed content to let her ride him and play with her tits and ass as she got used to him. 

"Ready to get fucked again?" James had a wild look in his eyes. 

Connie could not hide the look of concern, "Not rough okay?"

James guided her over the arm of the couch with her knees planted firmly on the seat cushion as he approached her from behind. He could feel her pussy gush as he pushed himself back inside her; it was all he could do not to just bury himself inside her and fuck her like a doll. Most women couldn't handle this much so his roughness was always calculated.

Once he had himself buried as deep as he had been before, he began to fuck her quickly with long and purposeful strokes. The redhead's moans and yips were now a mix of pleasure and pain. He held her hips and watched his fat cock disappear inside her. Every few thrusts he would push a little deeper reminding her that she had more cock to take. 

Clawing the side of the couch she couldn't believe the stamina of this man; all she wanted was for him to finish, but that was not in the script nor was it anything he was in a hurry to do. She knew her co-star was going to orgasm multiple times from the script, but she had no idea what he was packing in his pants. When his breathing became erratic she began to wiggle her hips in hope of finishing him off. His cock plunged deeper into her but she didn't care, she just wanted him to cum. 

James had managed to push ¾ of his length into her as he pounded her. His balls ached to cum again and he was close. Reaching up he grabbed a handful of her hair and pulled her head back so she could see his face while he fucked her. The familiar sensation of pending orgasm took over every fiber of his body, he was about to cum.

"CUT!" the director screamed. "For fuck-sakes people. Why do we have a script if you aren't going to follow it?" He reminded them that she didn't want him to cum in her and she was to take his load in her mouth. 

Moments later Connie was back to sucking his cock. The taste of her pussy coated his cock as she washed it with her tongue. The distraction of the director had set James back and he was no longer ready to cum. Connie pulled every trick she had on James to make him cum, but it was no use; his cock was rock hard but he was not ready to cum yet.

"Give me that pussy again; I will pull out when I'm ready to cum." James stepped back and Connie to her feet before pushing her back on the couch facing him, "I want to see your face while I fuck you."

James lifted her legs and held them in the crook of his arms as he pushed himself back inside her. Immediately his balls sprang to life; this was exactly what they wanted. It only took a couple thrusts and he could feel himself bottom out in her pussy. The feel of her tight pussy milking and squeezing him intent on draining his seed was all he could think about. Movie or not, he was filling this pussy with his cum.

As James lifted her legs higher, Connie was pinned. He was taking her pussy whether she wanted it or not; luckily there was nothing she wanted more in this moment than to feel him deep inside her. She watched his eyes as they flashed wildly between her pussy and her gaze. Connie smiled devilishly and mouthed the words, "give it to me."

James buried his cock deep inside her as his balls exploded, "FUCK! I'm cumming!!"

Connie flailed her head and pretended to try and pull away, "NO! James!" she swatted at him feigning an attempt to escape but it was useless. 

James held himself deep inside her as his cock drained and began to soften, "Sorry baby, you just felt so good." Leaning forward he kissed her gently and she grabbed his head holding his mouth to hers.

An eternity passed and they both returned to reality. The crew stood around filming and taking pictures the entire time, but they had been oblivious to it.

"I should be really pissed off right now you two!" The director scowled, "Luckily for you guys that was way too fucking hot to interrupt. Meet back here tomorrow; I want another blowjob orgasm and some ass play."

That night Connie sat up in bed telling Trent every detail, her hand slowly stroking his swollen cock. Her pussy still ached from the pounding that James gave her. Trent's cock pulsed in her hand every time she ran over his swollen head. When she talked about how passionately he kissed her as he filled her pussy, Trent's cock exploded shooting a load high in the air. 

Connie continued stroking until Trent finally pushed her hand away, "I can't wait to watch this movie!"

The next day Connie spent the day on site filming two more cum shot scenes for the director. When the filming was finished, the two of them showered together before having their promotion pictures taken.

A month had passed since the movie before the director called her again, "Connie baby, everyone wants more, more, more!"

Connie laughed excitedly.

"Are you interested in making First Date II?" Bruce inquired excitedly. "You guys can just go with it and we'll capture it. What do you say?"

"I'm in!" Connie was ecstatic.

In the two weeks before filming First Date II, Connie was contacted by multiple studios with offers of starring roles and impressive pay and royalty schedules. It was the beginning of long and prosperous career.
