 Gary was a big fan of massage. As someone who worked in a stressful environment, an hour or more of soothing physical contact in a low-lit room with relaxing music in the background was a joyous escape. He first discovered its joys when a previous job had provided an in-house masseuse who came in every month or so and offered stress relieving massages. So taken was Gary with the monthly sessions that he sought out similar services in hotel spas when he travelled abroad. He quickly came to realise that different therapists could give entirely different massages and therefore completely different experiences -- some were painful; some were ineffectual. Some therapists spoke the whole time; some practiced their art in almost complete silence. Some used overpoweringly scented oils; some hardly used any lubrication at all. Finding someone who delivered a tip-top massage that ticked all the boxes was a thrill, and that practitioner could be guaranteed repeat business.

One preference he had definitely settled on was that he preferred to be massaged by a female therapist. He had received perfectly adequate massages from men, but there was something particularly special about having a woman place her hands on his body. He knew that he probably shouldn't feel that way -- as the establishments he would frequent were very keen on saying on their websites "this is not a sexual service." However, he would be lying to himself if he didn't admit that having a female therapist enhanced his enjoyment. Being almost naked -- just a small towel hiding his modesty -- as an occasionally pretty young creature would push her warm fingers up his thighs, down the small of his back, even over his buttocks... how could any man deny the pleasure inherent? He would sometimes fantasize on the massage table... What if her fingers were to go higher up my thigh? What if she were to brush against my cock? What if -- God forbid -- she asks me if I want something special to finish the session? Would I accept?

Such thoughts would invariably cause a stirring below the towel, so Gary tried to restrict such inappropriate thoughts to when he was face down on the table, his inevitable erection hidden from view. But other than his impure thoughts, Gary was always eminently respectful of the women who administered their services. He never made inappropriate comments, or made any suggestion of wanting more than just a regular massage. It was merely a fantasy -- a fantasy given a delightful edge due to the fact that it wasn't an impossibility. One day, Gary thought, it might actually happen; one day those oiled fingers might find their way to a place they shouldn't really venture. And it would be a very good day indeed.

------------

1st appointment

A new job and a new office had necessitated a new venue for Gary's occasional massages. Researching an appropriate place on the Internet was like a minefield, as the places that offered tantric or sensual massages seemed to outnumber the respectable establishments by about ten to one. He had experienced one drunken session with this kind of service, and found it to be little more than a hurried rub and tug with a bored-looking hag who looked nothing like her photo -- no massage skill whatsoever! He wanted a decent therapeutic massage in London, albeit one delivered by a pleasant female. A highly skilled female, to be sure, but an attractive one wouldn't go amiss either.

He found one website that seemed to cater to his needs. They had an in-call location near to his office, and the website profiled all the masseuses that were available. They all seemed eastern European, and some were certainly less attractive than others, but one caught his eye immediately: a Bulgarian girl called Teodora. Her profile said she worked as a physiotherapist in a hospital back in her homeland and that she was skilled and qualified in a number of massage styles. She had big beautiful brown eyes and a sweet, innocent smile. Gary hoped her beauty was matched by her skill as a masseuse.

The in-call location was actually a converted flat. Gary was a little apprehensive about this -- buzzing the main door of the building made him feel like he was visiting a more disreputable service -- but he was pleasantly surprised when he was greeted by the occupant. Teodora -- or Teddy as she insisted on being called -- wore a huge welcoming smile as she opened the door. The flat was quite dark with dimmed lights throughout, and as he took his shoes off as instructed Gary could hear the tell tale sound of panpipes in the background and the faint whiff of incense. Teddy was professionally dressed in a black crew neck T-shirt and black jogging bottoms. Her hair was tied up in a ponytail and she had only the faintest make-up accentuating her strikingly attractive face. The photo really hadn't done her any justice -- she was stunningly beautiful. As she led him to a space outside what he assumed was the massage room, Gary took the opportunity to assess her other physical attributes. Her t-shirt wasn't skin-tight but hugged her curves enough to reveal a generous and perky bust. Her yoga pants were less form fitting around her long legs, but tight enough around her ass to suggest a trim and tight body. Adorably her English wasn't great, but she knew enough to communicate fine.

"You can leave your bag here. There are towels for you. Would you like to take shower first?"

Gary considered his strenuous morning and decided that would be best. Teddy pointed him towards the flat's bathroom and told him to take his time -- the hour wouldn't start until he was on the table.

The bathroom contained a bath with a shower attachment -- hardly the high spec of many of the professional spas he had visited -- but it did the job. He returned to the waiting area with his clothes under his arm and a towel wrapped around his waist.

"There is clean towel inside," Teddy said, motioning towards the massage room. "Lay face down on table with towel over you, I come after."

Gary entered the room to be met by the sound of familiar music playing from a phone dock -- seemingly the same album that all masseuses invested in, which combined ethereal ambiance, panpipes and rainforest sound effects. Lighting was even lower than outside, but dimmed lamps and tea candles offered just enough light to see. A sturdy looking massage table was in the middle of the room, the traditional kind with a hole for his face. Sanitary paper lined the leather-style plastic upholstery, and a small towel was neatly folded on top.

Gary placed his folded clothes on a chair in the corner. He then removed the damp towel from around his waist and placed it over the back of the chair to help it dry. He liked these moments -- standing naked before a massage -- feeling free and unencumbered, the warm air circulating around his loins. He then took a deep breath and clambered onto the table, retrieving the small folded towel as he mounted it. As instructed he lay face down, his head positioned over the hole in the table, and he draped the towel over his buttocks. A light tap on the door shortly followed.

"Come in," said Gary, cheerfully.

Teddy quietly entered, adjusted the towel slightly so that it sat just below the small of Gary's back, and began her work almost immediately; the sound of the oil dispenser squirting, and then her warm lubricated hands spreading over his back.

"Are there any places you want me to focus? Any injuries or pain?"

"My lower back on the left side. It goes into spasm sometimes. Car accident."

"Oh, sorry. Not recent, no?"

"No, long time ago. Car hit me in the arse, basically, and I went flying. No serious damage, but another masseuse told me the muscles there had been damaged."

Though this sounded like a ploy to get his butt massaged, the story was actually true. He had been hit as described, and another masseuse had identified that the muscles were tight as a result. An exploratory check with Teddy's fingertips over Gary's lower back and left butt cheek confirmed the story.

"Oh yes. Very tight. Is always like this?"

"After a massage it's usually better, but I think it locks up again over time."

"When there is damage to your body..er. How you say? Like, it can't fix itself, so it does something else?"

"Compensates?"

"Yes, it compensate. And if you live like that for long time, it can be hard to get your body right way again. Body remembers. You have to teach it back."

Gary just about followed what she was trying to say, but was distracted from his translation efforts by the feeling of the small towel being pulled down past his bottom. The cotton gently rubbing against his butt cheeks as his derrière was revealed sent a frisson of excitement through his body. Teddy ensured the towel rested at the tops of his thighs to keep his tackle under wraps, but the casual way that she exposed his behind was embarrassingly quite thrilling. He wondered what she thought. He was hurtling towards his forties, and yet his butt was the one aspect of his body that Gary had always been quite proud of. He was short, not particularly well-endowed and had started to develop a bit of a paunch, but his bum remained as small and tight as it was when he was a teenager. He was rather proud of it, and hoped it had impressed his new therapist. Well, if it had, she kept her approval silent.

Gary braced himself for what, based on past experience, would be a double-edged sword -- the pleasure of a young lady's hands squeezing his bottom combined with the pain and discomfort of his stiff muscles being manipulated.

But the discomfort never came. Despite a thorough and probing manipulation of Gary's lower back and buttocks, the pain was absent. It was firm, and sporadically uncomfortable, but never painful. And between the palpable improvements Teddy's manipulations were making to Gary's stiff lower back, and the abundance of contact with his buttocks, this was fast turning into his favourite massage ever.

A particularly forceful stroke caused a sharp intake of air form Gary.

"Sorry, is ok? Not too painful?"

"No, no, not at all," reassured Gary. "In fact this is one of the few times it's not hurting much at all. Usually this bit is agony."

"It shouldn't hurt. It doesn't have to hurt. I know some people think if is not hurting it's not working, but pfft..."

"Well that's what I thought. I mean that's what I was told. But this is great. I can really feel it's helping, but it hardly hurts at all."

"Good. Should be nice. Not painful."

Gary murmured his approval and closed his eyes to enjoy the massage. Over the course of the next 30 minutes he drifted off into his own private heaven, and was embarrassed to find himself letting out a few reactive sighs of pleasure as Teddy ran her lubricated fingers over parts of his anatomy as inconsequential as his biceps and calves. This girl really was a marvel!

As she massaged between his fingers, she noticed his wedding ring.

"You married?" she asked, with more than a hint of surprise.

"Yes," said Gary.

"She doesn't mind you getting massage?"

"Well no," Gary said. Actually, she didn't even know he got them. But then she didn't care about anything Gary did; such was her indifference towards him and their marriage. "It's just a therapeutic massage, isn't it? It's not sexual..."

"No. Exactly. It's relaxing. Good for you. Everybody should have massage."

Maybe Gary was overthinking things, but why would she question if his wife were happy with him getting a massage unless she thought, like Gary, that there was a certain intimacy between a masseuse and her male subject, regardless of the non-sexual nature of the service? After all, the strokes over his buttocks... the sticky oil rubbing into his thighs...

Her final technique while Gary was still face down was particularly pleasing -- or extremely awkward depending on how his masseuse would react. Teddy took his arm in a lock of some kind and pulled it out towards her, stretching and flexing his limb. She did it for both arms, but the second time Gary involuntarily flexed his fingers, and quickly concluded by the softness of what he touched that he had inadvertently brushed his fingertips over where her t-shirt was tightly hugging her breasts. 

It was the most fleeting of brushes, but enough to engorge his already rubbery penis into a full erection -- and the timing was unfortunate...

"OK, if you'd like to go on your back now..."

Typical. His one full-on boner during the whole massage up to this point and it was now that he needed to face upwards! He tried to disguise his aroused state by pretending to scratch his thigh as he turned over -- the idea was that he could rearrange the towel before he settled. But alas, Teddy was holding the towel above his body so he didn't get tangled in it. It acted as a modesty shield, blocking her view of his naked crotch, but as she let the towel fall on his body and settle, there wasn't any way to disguise what had happened. A familiar exchange followed...

"Er... sorry. I, er... sorry..."

"Is fine. Is normal. Don't worry."

For the first time in this situation, Gary was genuinely embarrassed. He felt his face go red. Teddy noticed him blushing and giggled adorably.

"Is fine, really. There are norves and, you know...?"

"Norves?"

"Yes, norves. You know, your norve system..."

"Oh nerves?"

"Ha ha, yes nerves... all connects. When you massage it can happen -- is fine. We just fold towel like this and... is fine. No problem."

Teddy did what any self-respecting masseuse would do in the same situation and double folded the towel, weighing down the offending attention-seeker. And despite twitching for release, it did the job. Gary felt reassured, but apologised again anyway.

Gary usually spent this half of a massage with his eyes closed, enjoying the sensations. But today he spent an inordinately long time with his eyes open, staring at the beautiful creature tending to him. Her focus was almost exclusively directed towards the muscle groups she was manipulating, so Gary felt he could observe her without freaking her out. She really seemed to enjoy her work -- not the dead-eyed zombie stare most masseuses adopted when working on someone -- always a half smile on her lovely pink lips, and the occasional furrow of the brow as she tried to establish how Gary's muscles and tendons had knotted themselves beneath his skin.

At one point, though, she must have felt his eyes on her as she turned suddenly to catch him gazing adoringly at her. He pulled one of his comedy reactions out of the bag, and exaggeratingly averted his gaze with a dopey, guilty look on his face. She laughed.

"Sorry, I wasn't staring," he lied. "I'm just really glad I've found you. This is the best massage I've ever had."

Teddy beamed a gorgeous toothy smile in response to the compliment.

"How long have you been doing this...?" he asked.

For the final part of the session they chatted non-stop. The sound of panpipes was drowned by conversation, dotted with laughs. Teddy described her background, her experience as a physiotherapist in Bulgaria, and how she was struggling to learn English as quickly as possible. In turn Gary off-loaded about his stressful job, his experiences working and living in London, and littered his chat with compliments about her massage skill and her grasp of English.

When his time was up, he felt like a new man. As he washed away the oil from his body in the bathroom shower, he marvelled at how supple he felt compared to previous massages where he would often feel stiffer than when he arrived. And as he emerged from the bathroom after having dried and clothed himself, he had no hesitation in supplementing the massage fee with a fat tip. Teddy protested vigorously.

"Is too much," she said, trying to hand half of it back. Gary took her hand with both of his and closed her fingers around it.

"No, I insist. It was a wonderful massage. You earned it, really."

Teddy beamed that enormous smile again and thanked him. As she walked him out, Gary promised that he would be back soon.

------------

2nd appointment

It was three months since his last massage, but Teddy greeted him at the door like an old friend.

"How are you?" she beamed.

"I'm fine," replied Gary, unsure if this was recognition or over-politeness. "I'm Gary, I was here a few months back..."

"I know I remember!" she said with feigned insult. "You had a very tight bottom."

That stopped Gary in his tracks as he removed his coat.

"Er, thank you?"

Teddy gave his arm a mock slap and sighed with exasperation.

"I mean you have car accident, yes? Your muscles were tight."

"Oh, right. Yes. Well remembered."

"So is that, er, complete..., er. Nice thing to say? That you have tight bottom?"

"Is it a compliment, you mean? Er, yes it can be. If someone says you have a tight bum, it's usually a compliment."

Teddy shook her head with shame as she waited for Gary to remove his shoes. "Sorry. My English is still..."

"No, I was going to say your English is amazing. So much better than 3 months ago."

"You think?"

"Clearly. Much better. You must have been working hard."

"My flatmate is English, so... I pick up a lot. Maybe all the wrong words, but... I get better. Would you like to take a shower?"

"That would be great, Teddy, but I should probably have one on my own; don't you think?"

Gary's cheeky comment elicited another mock slap of the arm, but also a big giggle as well.

"Not with me!"

"I know, I know..." Gary chortled, happy that his pathetic flirting wasn't upsetting her. "I'll be right out."

Once back on the massage table, it was as delightful and soothing as last time. Today she tackled his anatomy in a different order, starting with his limbs and finishing with his back and, eventually, his butt. When the time finally came and she pulled the top of the towel down past his butt cheeks, Gary gave a satisfied sigh. Teddy was keen to try out her English skills, so the welcome kneading of his buttocks and thighs wasn't administered in silence this time, but Gary was glad of the interaction, especially when their conversation turned to his rear asset.

"It still is quite tight," said Teddy, in a hushed whisper as if talking to herself. The breathy way she said it made Gary smile.

"Good tight, or bad tight?"

"Bad tight! Is not a compliment," she responded.

"Oh thank you!" said Gary with mock indignation. "I always thought I had quite a nice bottom."

"Hmph. I didn't mean like that. You have very nice bottom."

"Why thank you. So do you."

Teddy gasped at the cheeky comment. For a moment he thought he had overstepped the mark, but then he felt a light, playful smack on his left arse cheek and knew he was safe. If anything, the slap was a little over-familiar. And she had complimented him. Just how familiar would this girl get, Gary wondered.

"I'm sorry. I'm just being cheeky."

Teddy laughed. "I know. You're nice man. You don't try to grab me or anything..."

That gave Gary pause for thought. Maybe his expectations were a tad optimistic after all.

"Does that happen a lot?"

Teddy sighed. "Sometimes. Some men are pigs. They reach and try to squeeze your bum and things."

"That's terrible. What do you do?"

"Tell them no. Give them one chance, and if they do it again, massage over. It's not that kind of massage, you know?"

"Yes, sure. Absolutely."

"No, not you. I know you know that. You're a good man."

"Oh I wouldn't go that far," said Gary.

"You wouldn't do that, though."

Without seeing her face it was hard to judge how to play this conversation. Gary took a gamble...

"No, of course not. Well, not without asking for permission first."

A supressed smirk reassured him that he still had her on side.

"OK, you can turn over now."
