 (Authors Note

Apologies for the delay! This one has taken me longer than I'd have liked because I switched it up a little and I wasn't feeling it as much as I have with the other stuff I've written. At one point I was close to canning it, but I am glad I've persevered. And, more importantly, I hope you enjoy it and don't mind the slight shift.

Two parts left after this one I reckon and then on to new and exciting stories!)

*****

For whatever reason, the quick romp in my study was what finally hammered the guilt in about what I'd done. I'd gone downstairs and joined the party again but all I could feel was Emma's hands over me, and all I could see was how her body moved as I slammed myself into her.

I was quiet for the rest of the evening as the guests gradually left as I considered who I was. A good husband? Not anymore. A good father? Not even that -- what kind of self-respecting dad goes and does what I did on their son's birthday?

The answer isn't a good one.

When I crawl into bed that night my morose nature is noticed by Kate, who's sat quietly reading a book. Her hand reaches over and takes mine, squeezing the guilt she can't see deep under my skin.

"What's wrong? You've been quiet all day."

I pause, and feel myself building up to owning up. Better that Kate finds another lover, someone better than me, than stay with someone who has done the huge list of things I've done wrong. Maybe she'll meet someone who can raise my boys to be something better than me too, someone who is so selfish that they would risk the roof over his kids' heads for a fumble with a woman in his care.

But then I think that maybe there's chance for redemption. I have made mistakes, but perhaps I just need to remind myself of all I have -- it would be better to protect my family from all of this and internally learn from it, wouldn't it?

"Next weekend." I say, taking her hand. "Let's go away. All of us together."

Kate's eyes widen and she closes her book, finger between the pages to keep her place.

"What's brought this on?"

"Work. Life. Everything." I mutter. "I just need to spend time with you guys."

Her smile, if anything, makes how I feel even worse. The kiss that quickly follows it only adds to it.

"Where you thinking? We don't have a lot of savings Matt, it can't be anything too flashy."

The thought that immediately comes to mind feels wrong, but might perhaps be the best way of bookending what's happened with Emma. To go back to where it all started.

"Camping. We can go camping."

My wife purses her lips and nods. "Could do, could do. And it would get the boys outside for a bit, rather than have them fighting over the Playstation."

She smiles and nods, evidently very happy. "Ok, let's do it. I'll find a campsite a little south, maybe near the coast, and we'll head down Friday night."

With another kiss she goes back to her book. I turn my back and huddle in the cover, looking at the phone that blinks with a message from 'Kevin'. I decide that I can reply in the morning, and close my eyes to try and find sleep. Unfortunately all I see in my mind is Emma's body, and all I hear is her muffled cries as she comes undone.

The message, which I read when I wake around 4am, is telling me how much she's looking forward to Tuesday. I place the phone down, because I can hardly reply at this time of the morning, and find myself spending the next few hours shifting in bed and contemplating how I'm going to tell Emma that I need a break.

A break is what I need. It gives me a chance to get out slowly, a chance not to hurt the feelings of the young woman I'm definitely starting to feel something for. So when Kate gets up to shower I quickly send a message.

"I can't do Tuesday. I think I just need a week off, if that's ok? It's getting a little intense for me."

The reply comes within two minutes.

"I knew you'd break. What's changed your mind?"

"Nothing has. I just need a week where I can get my head straight."

The next reply takes a while to come through. I shower but my eyes are constantly on my phone that rests beside the sink. My hair is covered in soap when I see it blink and I quickly dart for it, disregarding how wet I make the kitchen floor, picking it up to see a single word reply.

"Fine."

I so badly want to reply, to tell her it's not her but me. But clichéd comments aren't going to make this any easier so I leave it alone and instead focus on what I said I was going to focus on.

It's a long week but I go cold turkey with Emma. She's a ghost within the walls of the school and I'm only able to catch fleeting glances of her talking with friends or walking through the corridors. I can admit to myself that I miss her, miss her terribly, but I also know that this is definitely the right thing to do. And masturbating while thinking about how she would move under and above me is almost the same as what we shared physically together.

Right?

The weekend finally arrives and I drive the four of us to the coast on the Friday night, glad to get away from it all, while simultaneously fearing what might happen to our house. Is Emma unhinged enough to ruin everything for me? Just when I have decided that I want to try and go straight?

Those thoughts plague me as I set up the large family tent we've got. It's separated into three compartments -- one for me and Kate, one for the boys and one that is a communal area in between. It's a lot different from the single one I'd taken away with school when my time with Emma first started, but the inflatable bed is exactly the same one that I'd cheated on Kate with. It's another thing that should make me feel bad, but all it does is make me smile wistfully, remembering that sordid night with a fondness totally undeserved.

The hour is late when the tent finally goes up. Kate has sorted the children out with food and has settled them both down for the night while I finish getting the last things from the car. Nearby I can hear the sound of waves crashing and I feel a little peace for once. One weekend without her, I tell myself. If I can do that then I can do the rest.

Kate is settling under the thick duvet we've brought when I finally close the flap to our side of the tent. On the other side of the tent I can hear the kids giggling and my wife chastises them loudly until they shush. I strip down to boxers and then switch off the light and wait for sleep to take me.

Except it doesn't. Instead the canvas roof of the tent reminds me of that night so vividly that I find myself getting instantly hard. The problem is tonight I have no way of ridding it.

Or do I?

Kate breathes softly beside me and I turn around onto my side and place a hand on her stomach, making her jump slightly. She shifts to cuddle into my body but freezes when I push my hand into the loose bottoms she's worn to bed and slide past the small tuft of her pubic region.

"What are you doing?" she hisses, voice not even a whisper. I don't say anything, just move my finger slowly around her clit.

"Matt!" she says again, but her legs part slightly. In her youth she had been... well, she had been as adventurous as what Emma is. But age and responsibility had made both of us less extravagant in that regard. Or, at least in my case, with Kate.

When I slip a finger into her sex I stifle the slight gasp that comes from her lips by pressing my mouth to hers. Kate in turn moves to face me, hand moving to where my cock stands to attention, running up and down the thick shaft.

"The kids," she whispers, though the admonishment from just before is gone. It's clear from her reaction that she's up for something, and I can feel her arousal, feel how she moves her hips ever so slightly so she can grind on my hand a little.

There's no battle to be won here. Kate wants this as much as me.

She rolls on top of me and I pull my hand from her pussy and start to tug up her shirt. Kate stops me with that endeavour, grabbing both of my hands and pushing the vest top she's wearing down. "What if the kids need me?" she whispers into my ear. I want to tell her that they've both seen her in states of undress over the years, but I acquiesce to her demands because all I want now from her is release from the thoughts I'm having for another woman.

Is it selfish? Yes, but that doesn't matter to me as I remove her pajama bottoms awkwardly with my feet. When they reach her ankles I feel her kick them off and we both giggle silently at the noise it makes to the inflatable mattress we're on, stifling any more noise with a kiss.

It's as we kiss that she rolls on top of me, straddling my hips and moving so that her slick lips are brushing against the tip of my hard cock. I want to ravish her, to take her as hard as I've wanted to take Emma and rid myself of these desires for the younger woman.

Kate is in control though, clearly seen by her confident smile as she leans up, hand reaching down to guide me into her pussy. There's a silent intake of breath from my wife and I can just about see her eyes close in the darkness of the tent.

And then she starts to ride me. Slow movements because she knows as well as I do how the bed will groan under our movement. Of course Kate doesn't know why I'm so aware of that as her hips slowly rock back and forth and her breathing comes just a little quicker.

I grunt in response and slide my hands under her vest to squeeze her breasts, pinching her nipples until she gasps and quickly silences herself by leaning down and kissing me, moaning against my lips as we fuck.

Despite how different they both feel, I still find myself thinking of Emma. Everything with her feels so much more dangerous, so exhilarating. For a man who has been going through the motions for so long, she's like lubricant for an old engine. While watching Kate ride me silently when our children are asleep nearby is surprisingly hot, it's not quite the same as fucking Emma on the desk in my study with my family outside and unaware.

Just thinking about her gets my heart racing, and soon I'm pistoning my hips up into Kate. It's making more noise than before but she's got to the point where she doesn't care, her teeth biting into my shoulder while my hands grip her ass. It's flatter than Emma's is the only thing I can think of as I squeeze her cheeks.

I can't stop thinking about her. I need to speak with her. A rotten thought for a rotten man comes to mind and I'm acting on it before I even contemplate the danger of it.

Pulling Kate off me, I quietly suggest she gets on her knees. She does so with a smile, one that gets broader when I tell her to wrap my shirt around her eyes as a makeshift blindfold. When the blindfold is on, I quickly tighten it and then let a hand slowly tease between her legs.

My other hand has hold of my phone and is slowly typing out a message to my lover.

"I've been an ass. When can I see you again?" I send as my finger slides around Kate's slick clit, feeling her shudder in anticipation. I continue to do so until the screen of my phone lights up and I see Emma, under her Kevin pseudonym, has replied.

"You have. Missing me now you only have your wife for company? And I'll think about whether you deserve seeing me again."

To hide my thumb tapping on the screen, I slide my finger into Kate's pussy and tell her to grind on my finger. She does as she's told and starts to breathe heavily, hips pushing upwards into where my hand is.

"I'll beg. I'll get on my knees if I have to, as long as my head is between your legs."

A second finger is in Kate's cunt, silent gasps leaving her mouth, when Emma responds.

"Mmm sounds like we can come to some kind of agreement. I'll let you know. Having fun without me?"

I pull my fingers out and start to massage and flick her nub again, drawing soft moans that Kate covers up with a pillow. "Not really. Just thinking about you while I finger my blindfolded wife." is the next message I send.

The next reply is instant. "Oh you're so bad ;) Call me. I want to hear you fuck her."

The fact that I don't even hesitate shows how far I've fallen. I see the connection is made and place the phone down on the ground and then slide my incredibly hard cock into the wet pussy of my wife.

At no point as I fuck Kate am I thinking about her. My eyes glance from her behind to the phone as I wonder what Emma is doing while she hears the inflatable mattress groan and Kate begin to pant as she tries desperately to stay quiet. Is she pleasuring herself, thinking about any one of the numerous times we'd fucked?

God I fucking hope so.

Somewhat emboldened by my disgraceful behaviour, I smack Kate's ass as quietly as I can and then reach to take a fistful of her hair, pushing her head down harder into the pillow. I then reach for the phone and put it to my ear, pinning it between my head and shoulder.

On the other side of the line I can hear the shrill panting of Emma.

"God you're so fucking hot. You want me?" I say to both women, and get a muffled affirmative from both. "I want you too. So fucking bad." I respond, but it's only in response to one of them.

The teasing means Kate is very close, and I know I won't be able to hold out much longer. She's biting the pillow now in a desperate attempt to keep quiet. The next quiet words to leave my mouth are again for both of the women in my life.

"Cum. Right now. Cum for me." I hiss and feel Kate's hips buck quickly to bring her to orgasm. I soon follow, but it's not the shuddering movements and silent cries from my wife, but the cry of ecstasy I hear down the phone as Emma comes undone too.

As I slowly pull my cock from Kate's full pussy, I quickly end the call, toss the phone down like it's become suddenly red hot, and then move to lie next to my wife who is quick to cuddle up next to me, head on my chest.

"Fuck Matt," she whispers, removing the blindfold and reaching up to kiss me. "Fuck that was good. Maybe we should camp more often if it does this to you."

I smile and run a hand through her hair, watching as she closes her eyes and settles for the night. I glance to the side and see my phone flashing, notifying me that a message has been received. I quickly glance at Kate, making sure she's got her eyes closed, before quickly opening it.

"You're a bad man." it says. "I can't wait until you remind me of that in person next week."