 The return from camp was a relief despite perhaps having the best sex of my life for three nights running. While it was good, while I felt a desire I hadn't felt in a very long time, I also knew I was happy about not feeling so on edge. Sneaking around like that, no matter how hot it was, wasn't good for my blood pressure. So as I sat on the minibus, I resolved to see as little as Emma as possible until I got my head straight. Until I knew I could say no to her.

When I arrive home, the house is empty except for my wife. Kate is short, around 5'1, with light green eyes and dirty blonde hair. She's always been slim, even after kids. All in all she was in good shape for a woman her age, which makes what I'd been doing with Emma all the worse - even more of a reason to stop it. 

We make idle chat for a little while as we catch up with what's happened the last few days at home. After 15 minutes I tell her I'm dying for a shower. I leave her to the work she's doing, get to the bathroom, strip, and jump in. An audible groan of delight echoes around the room when the hot water hits my body - I've missed my creature comforts, that's for certain.

The din of the water means I miss the bathroom door creaking open, so when I feel a hand on my back I jump and turn around to find my wife, naked and laughing.

"Someone's jumpy." Kate says, hand running up my chest.

"Sorry. I'm... just tired I guess. Kate, what are you doing?"

Her lips press against my chest. "Come on, can't a girl miss her fella?" she says teasingly, hand already around my cock, working it slowly until it grows hard. "Besides, the kids won't be back from school for another hour."

I'm horrified as she gets on her knees and wastes no time in taking me in her mouth, because I know that another woman's juices had been all over it for the last few nights. It makes me thankful I'd at least washed some parts of my form before she joined me. 

Despite that horror, despite how awful I feel about watching her slide my full length into her mouth, I still grip her head slightly to push my cock deeper.

Eventually I pull her up, lift her into my arms and take her against the side of the shower. I make no lie when I say that I thought of Emma, and that I took my wife with vigour that I hadn't done in years. Her moans are shrill as I pound into her, her nails scratching down my back so hard I could have sworn it was Emma. She cums twice before I find my own release, and I mouth Emma's name silently against her shoulder in a further act of betrayal.

"Jesus Matt," she pants in my arms. "Where did that come from?"

"Guess I missed you too." I reply, because it's better than telling her the truth.

The next few days pass by with little fanfare as I settle back into my regular life. Within 24 hours it feels like the camping trip was months ago. I spend time with the kids, watch a film with Kate and catch up on the work I'd avoided in the woods. I also manage to evade Emma at school by avoiding leaving the staff room at break and, in the one class that I teach her, feigning a stomach bug and leaving for home early. It's better than seeing her and knowing she is bound to do something that will break me. 

To add further to my misery, Kate is suddenly insatiable. Each night after returning she had been handsy when I came to bed, even when I went to bed later in the hope she was asleep. Each time she waited though, each time she demanded the same passion from our time in the shower. Now it was Kate's turn to be told to be quiet as I watch her silhouette riding me each night.

The weekend can't come soon enough. On the Saturday I get up early and go for a run, trying to burn off the excess energy I've felt since I've come back home. It helps a little, but the thoughts I'm having continue to demonise me. 

When I get back Kate has left to go swimming with the kids, so I decide to forgo a shower for now and instead work on my pet project - restoring the little Mazda I'd bought a few years ago. I change into a vest and jogging bottoms, open up my garage and smile as the hunk of junk greets me with its bodywork up on bricks.

It's a pleasant sight honestly, and I soon lose myself in the work. It's the first moment of peace I've felt for days now as my hands get covered in oil and dirt and I work another sweat up. With the music from my little radio playing I am in my own little world, so much so I'm oblivious to the light footsteps walking down the drive.

"Knock-knock?"

My blood turns cold. I lift my head from under the hood and see Emma stood there in a white summer dress with a floral print, with buttons down the front where her ample cleavage is. Even in my horror I can't help but think of how pretty she is and how radiant she looks.

"What the fuck are you doing here?" I hiss at her, striding across to her, taking her hand and yanking her into the garage. I immediately slam the button and the motor whirs to slowly close the door, shutting the two of us off from the outside world.

"Coming to see you of course!" she says happily, as if coming to my home is the most normal thing in the world.

"Really? You really think this is appropriate? What the fuck would I say if my wife and kids came back and saw you here?"

"Well, you're the one that made it weird by closing the door. Beforehand you could have just introduced me as one of your students."

I growl under my breath and let go of her arm, now stained with my handprint, but I don't open the garage door despite the good advice she offers. Instead I grab a rag from my workbench to wipe the excess grease and muck from my hands. "Seriously Em. What are you doing here?" I ask her, eyes glued to the towel in my hands but hearing her take a few steps closer to me.

"Aren't you happy to see me?"

"Not in my own fucking house."

"Then where? Because I know you've been avoiding me at school. I thought you wanted to spend more time with me?"

I turn to look at her and shake my head disbelievingly. "We can't. My family needs me and that means that what happened at the campsite has to stay there."

Her pretty face forms a pout and she looks down with sad eyes. It spoke of how well she could act that I'm not sure whether it's all for show or not.

"Well, can I give you a little gift then? To remember me by?"

I know what her gifts are like. I step past her and go to the controls for the garage door. 

"Goodbye Emma." I tell her firmly.

She groans as I put a thumb to the button to open the door. "Not sex, you perv. Just... something for you to keep."

With a little hesitation I drop my hand from the button and then feel my breath catch in my throat as Emma bends down, lifts the bottom of her dress up, and then slowly pulls down the white, lace panties she is wearing. When she stands she has a large grin on her face and I am simply stupefied as she pushes them into my hand.

"What... what am I supposed to do with these?" I ask her as she presses her body against mine, my mind still reeling so I don't even recoil from her touch.

"Keep them. Bring them out when your wife isn't looking. Some men would probably wank into them. I guess it's a little silly giving them to you, though, seeing as I never wore any panties when you fucked me."

There was something about the emphasis in her sentence that makes me look into her chestnut eyes. There's a challenge in them, though I find my gaze sweeping down to the swell of her breasts that push against my chest. The dress isn't low cut, but there's a hint of cleavage there. 

That wonderful, wonderful cleavage.

"Want my bra too?"

Before I can argue she's popped the top two buttons of her dress and I can see the lace of the white bra she's wearing. I groan out at the glimpse of it, my hand moving instinctively to rest on her hip. "Stop" I whisper, and she thankfully does. 

"What's the matter?" she asks me, eyes wide as she steps on her toes to bring her face to mine. "No one's here. Just me," She kisses me lightly. "And you."

When she kisses me again I kiss her in return, full of the pent up passion that's been built up since I last saw her. All the time with my wife only alleviated a tiny bit of the lust I had for this girl, and her teasing and prodding had got me boiling over again.

I lift her up and carry her to my workbench, dragging tools off it so they clatter to the concrete floor noisily. I place her on the edge of the bench, both of our breathing ragged, both clearly needing the other as she yanks my bottoms down and I pull her dress up to her hips to reveal her pussy.

"Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me." She repeats over and over like some kind of mantra, only stopping when I slam myself into her. At that point her cry echoes around the garage, the student making no attempt to be quiet.

"This what you want?" I hiss, forehead pressed against hers as I snap two more buttons on her dress so I can pull the shoulder back, ripping it down with her bra strap until a breast falls free. I greedily grab at it, marking her pale skin with black marks from my work on the car. 

"I just want you to fuck me," she groans, leaning back slightly on the bench and hooking her sandaled feet just under my ass. "Is that so hard to believe?"

It really was.

The bench shakes from each slam into her cunt, the noise adding to her own groans of pleasure. The pace is ferocious because I know time is of an essence. Our hands are everywhere, mouths desperately trying to find the other so tongues can swirl around one another in a vortex of lust. This whole event was going to be quick and nasty, which made it all the hotter as I fucked my student in my garage.

She's crying out my name when I hear a car pull onto the drive, my heart going into my mouth as I realise Kate is home with the kids. Thinking fast, I pick Emma up in my arms and carry her across the garage to shut off the radio that had been playing, hopefully giving the illusion that the whole house is empty and I'm still out running. And it's not like I can go out with a girl who's covered in oil marks. No, my best bet is to hope no one thinks we're in here until everyone is in the house and settled.

The only light in the garage is coming from the skylight, so I can still see Emma as I press her against the wall with a hand over her mouth and the other hooked under a leg. Our eyes meet and there's a mischievous look in her eyes telling me that she was very glad that this was the call I made. That she knew I hadn't stopped. 

That she knew I wanted to continue.

When we start again, it's to the background noise of Kate shouting at our eldest to get back to the car and grab his bag. She shouts this as my cock slides deep into another woman, all of ten feet from her. I should feel awful, and I do deep down.

But I also feel alive.

She continues to bark at them as I slowly fuck Emma, a foot on the edge of the workbench and her hips moving carefully to meet each slow thrust. I can feel her soft moans against my hand, and when I remove it to place my lips against hers I get the odd taste of dirt, oil and lip gloss.

Our lips stay locked and our movements slow until I hear the sound of the car being remotely locked and the house door slamming shut. It's the signal that I need to speed up and finish this as I know Kate will be making lunch for the kids now, giving Emma the perfect chance to escape.

"You're so fucking hot, you know that?" I groan, my cock moving faster into her wetness and my hand grabbing at her outstanding chest once more. I kiss along her neck as she plants her own hand to her mouth while she builds towards a climax.

I feel like I've become a good judge of how she comes undone at this point, so when she finds her release I follow almost instantaneously. We kiss hard as I fire ropes of cum into her young, tight pussy, each of us holding tightly to the other until we both relax.

"I think I've ruined your dress." I whisper, unable to stop smiling. She smiles back and nips my bottom lip playfully.

"Worth it. You going to stop avoiding me now?"

"Do I have a choice? You know where I live for a start."

Emma giggles and I lower her back to the ground, the two of us slowly correcting the clothing that had been disheveled during our tryst. When everything is covered up she walks over to the garage controls and hits the button. As it slowly rises, making a great deal of noise as it does, she bends down and picks up the panties I'd dropped and throws them over to me. I catch them and quickly pocket them into my jogging bottoms.

"Until next time then. Maybe I can meet you after school and we can go somewhere quiet?"

Before I can answer her she's dipped under the opening door and out into the midday sun, her body marked with black lines and marks from my wandering hands. I run them through my hair and shake my head.

"Fucking hell, did that just happen?" I whisper, as the front door opens and Kate comes round to look at me with a frown on her face.

"You scared me to death hun," she says, nervous smile on her face and hand on her chest. "I didn't realize you were home. Fancy a sandwich? After you've showered anyway. Not sure I'll be able to join you this time though."

She winks at me and I feel a slab of guilt slide over me once more.