 I had words with myself after camp and I'd continued to do so after my rendezvous with Emma in the garage. I'd told myself that it was just a phase that I'd grow out of, that I could stop if I was strong enough. All I had to do was just think about all those that would get hurt, all those I was responsible for, and I would be able to just stop things with Emma and go on with my life.

But I wasn't strong. And I couldn't stop.

After a hasty meeting at school the following Tuesday, I arrange to pick up Emma on a quiet street not too far from the gates to take a drive out of the town and towards the country. I'd expected her to go down on me as I drove, such was my thinking that all we would ever really do is be naughty together, but instead we have a pleasant conversation about her studies and what she was thinking of doing after. It's perhaps the reminder I need that this young woman isn't just someone for me to fuck, an escape from an increasingly mundane life, but something more.

Even with those thoughts, we still park up off a quiet road and jump into the back seat together, her skirt hitched up, her panties pulled aside and, most importantly, my cock inside of her. There's not a great deal of room in my modest car and no angle feels right, but that doesn't matter to either of us. All I care about is how she feels with her hands pressed hard against my back and how she cries out my name into my ear when I hit just the right spot.

It's over far too soon. I have jobs to do at home, and she doesn't want to worry her family. After we've both cum, we clean ourselves up and then head back to town. To make sure we're not seen by her parents I park on the street next to hers.

"So, when can I see you next?" she asks me, hand on the door handle and pretty face looking at me expectantly.

"I'm... not sure. I want to though, don't get me wrong. We just need to find the right time. Honestly, I'm tired of being so on edge with you Em. Like, we've not done anything yet where there hasn't been substantial risk. But we'll work something out, ok?"

Previously I'm sure she would have pouted and perhaps come to my home wearing nothing but lingerie under a raincoat. But this time she just smiles, squeezes my hand and leaves the vehicle.

In that instant I'm taken back almost twenty years to when I dropped off the girl I was going to marry outside her parents house. We'd kissed briefly in the car, me and Kate, and I remember watching her walk up to the door with the same light feeling inside of me as I feel now for Emma. That something special was brewing between us.

The only real difference is that when I watch Emma scoot down the street, I'm also wondering whether my cum was still trailing down her inner thigh.

Despite knowing our contact with one another should be limited, we still swap numbers. Messages are sent when we're alone and when we know it's safe. Even still, she's in my contacts as 'Kevin' - a friend who apparently likes to send me pictures of a pussy with a vibrator inside of it, and a friend I apparently like to send pictures of my hard cock with a pair of white panties wrapped around it - apparently Kevin thinks they look familiar.

It's almost a week since our time in my car and the need for each other is getting more obvious as the messages we share get more lewd. After Kate goes to bed on the Sunday night I go out to the garage and call Emma and we spend ten minutes whispering what we'd do to the other until we both cum.

"Fuck I really need to see you," she pants down the line. "Can you do Tuesday again if I can do something to make sure we're alone?"

I'd have to tell a lie to Kate to get away but at this point I can't go any longer without touching Emma again. I hastily agree.

"Leave it with me. I'll have 'Kevin' confirm that it's okay and tell you where to go." She says with a chuckle before hanging up.

The next day and a half drag and I find myself constantly checking my phone to see whether Emma has been in touch with her plans, so much so that Kate chastises me on Monday night for being more interested in the screen beside me than the film we're watching. I make an excuse that I'm checking football scores and then remind her that I'll be out seeing a film tomorrow night anyway, making sure my excuse is all set with her.

I went to bed still checking my phone, still hoping for a message. I refrain from badgering her, hoping that she wants this as much as I do still. It's a thought that plagues me as I finally shut off the screen and turn around to cuddle my wife, feeling dreadful that I'm finding comfort from her body considering what I am planning and what I've done.

When I wake up there's a message, sent just after I'd finally gone to sleep.

"Come to mine after work. I'll have the house to myself."

That thought alone gets me hard, and my shower takes a little longer as I masturbate to the thought of what we will be doing, wondering how long the two of us will have together. So far everything has been rushed, and while all of it has felt incredibly hot, I'm curious to know what it will feel like to take my time with Emma.

The work day drags and drags. I barely focus on my teaching, and when I'm on my break I spend it texting Emma and telling her how much I'm looking forward to seeing her. It's torture waiting, and when the final bell rings at the end of the day I think I'm as excited as the students to leave. I quickly pack up my things after having a quick wash in a bathroom before I rush to get to hers.

I park near where we'd parked the week before and walk the rest of the way on foot. I'm nervous as I walk down the quiet street, knowing that this was something new and altogether more dangerous. When I reach her house I ring the doorbell and glance around nervously as I wait for her to answer, wondering if there's anyone local that might recognise a teacher waiting to enter a student's home. Thankfully the wait is short, Emma opening the door with a smile and quickly beckoning me in to a small hallway with a set of stairs leading up to the first floor behind her.

She locks the door and leaves the key in, ensuring privacy to a degree, and then turns around to me, wrapping her arms around my shoulders and kissing me hard. My hands grab her waist and I pull her to my body before I push her against the wall, my mouth parting for hers.

"I've missed you so much" she pants against my mouth as I start to pull up her black t-shirt over her head to reveal the lacy black bra underneath. My hands smooth up her flat stomach to her full breasts and I hear a groan escape her lips, mirroring exactly how I feel when she touches me. "I've missed you too," I whisper back, and I know it's not just a line - the physical relationship we have is like a drug now.

Emma breaks the kiss with a grin and takes my hand, leading me to the stairs. "Come on, I want you in my room." She says huskily, her need as apparent as mine in my tented jeans. As she leads us up the stairs my hands roam up her bare legs and up her torso, unable to keep my hands off of her after all this time. She giggles as she stops near the top, my insistent kisses along her neck from the step behind her making it slow going.

"Do you want to reach the bedroom?" she chastises playfully, turning her head to kiss my lips softly.

My answer is plain to her when I pull up her denim skirt and yank down her black panties. I can't wait - not after a week of torture of not being able to touch her again, to be able to feel her weighty tits in my hand. With her panties down to her knees I bend her over the top step, position myself behind her and slide my rock hard cock into her pussy.

She cries out as we join, our bodies connected once more. We share a sloppy kiss and grasp to each other tightly as my hips work myself into her tight cunt, my hands pulling the cup of her bra back to pinch a stiff nipple.

It's not a safe place to fuck, not really, so I grip to the bannister and use it both to keep my balance and to use it as leverage to pull myself harder into my lover. Her lithe body moves with mine, my own grunts adding to the harmonious moans from Emma as we build up to a quick climax.

I'd hoped I wouldn't be quick, but a week of agonising foreplay means I'm climaxing within two minutes of us starting to fuck. I hold her tight through it, feeling ashamed that I've lasted no time at all after so long of waiting for her.

To her infinite credit Emma turns around with a smile, slightly breathless. "I do like it when you're eager Matt."

"I'm sorry. Guess you got me all worked up."

"What are you sorry for?" she says lightly, moving forward and onto the landing so that I slip out of her pussy. "We have a few hours. Don't think you're getting away that easily, not when you still have to make me cum. At least a few times."

I smile at her and then kiss her lips lightly. "Where are your family?" I ask her as she pulls her panties off and drops them to the floor. "Cinema. I got them tickets and told them to go out and enjoy themselves for a change. So we have time. I promise." 

She leads me the last few steps into her room and I take the chance to glance around it. Everything about it is as I expected a room of hers to be like before we started our affair - smart blue, black and white striped wallpaper, pictures of family on the wall and bookcases full of a multitude of books from kids books to classical literature.

It's a far cry from the nympho that I've grown used to.

I find her smiling at me. "What?" I query with a smile of my own.

"Just never thought I'd have you in my room like this." She says, almost shyly.

When I dip my mouth to hers it's done with gentleness, much like the way she starts to unbutton my shirt and undo my belt. We stand in her room, slowly undressing and caressing the other until we're both naked. Unsurprisingly, with the most gorgeous woman before me, I am already hard for her once again.

Emma breaks the kiss and steps backwards, holding my hand as she leads me to her bed. When she reaches it she sits down and I go to do the same, only to be stopped by a firm hand on my stomach. I look down just as her hand wraps around the base of my cock, her tongue lightly trailing up my shaft.

"Fuck Emma," I groan and then feel the warm sensation of her mouth around my cock and a hand on my ass. My hand goes into her soft locks and I close my eyes to fully enjoy my student blowing me. The only sound in the bedroom is my increasingly heavy breathing and the eager sound of her slurping noisily around my shaft.

I can feel her hum happily as she sucks my manhood and I glance down to see her moving quicker and quicker, brown eyes watching me intently. "S-stop" I stammer. "Stop or you'll make me cum again."

Emma doesn't listen.

"I said... stop." I growl, gripping her hair and pushing her onto the bed. My cock pops free from her mouth and Emma quickly scoots up the bed as I pull her legs open and join her there. I'm only looking at her sex now, already leaking the cum I've already pumped inside of her. I line myself up with her and slide into her pussy until I'm lying on top of her.

"What's a matter?" she asks me breathlessly. "Am I not any good?"

"You're too good." I answer, and push my tongue into her mouth and grind my pelvis against her clit, feeling her fingers grip to my shoulder blades as I start to give her the attention she deserves, the attention I've been wanting to give her all week.

Her legs wrap around my hips and she breaks the kiss to make the most perfect cry of lust. She sounds incredible, with each cry making me feel like I'm some sort of porn star. They grow even louder when I kiss along her neck and nip her shoulder with my teeth.

My thrusts are long, slow and firm as I make her supple young form mine again. Each thrust arches her back and pushes her head into the blue duvet. "Matt!" she soon screams out loudly, and I feel her pussy clench around my manhood, bringing her the first orgasm I intend to give her tonight. Her hands leave my body to clench to her bedsheets as she mews and moans through the intensity of her climax.

"You don't know how badly I needed that." She says drowsily after she recovers, hand running up my chest as I let my hands run down the side of her slender form.

"You don't have to tell me. Fuck Emma, I can't stop thinking about you."

The smile she gives me is genuine, as is the kiss that she places on my lips. Again I wonder if there's something more between us, or whether it's all based on the lust we clearly have for one another.

"I want to ride you."

I decide that now isn't the time to analyse what is happening as we roll into the centre of the bed and Emma takes her place astride me. My hands run up her glorious figure to cup her magnificent breasts, teasing the rosy nipples until they stiffen in my grasp.

"Oh Matt," she whimpers, eyes fluttering closed as she starts to ride me. All I do is watch, seeing how her back arches so that it pushes her tits into the palms of my hands, and how she pushes her hips down onto my cock, letting a shrill gasp when I'm at my deepest inside of her.

It's the first time we've fucked and really had the chance to take it slow. It feels different but that intensity is still there, the knowledge that I'm fucking someone I shouldn't be still driving me wild. I clutch at her her hips and lean up to suck on her nipples and then nipping on them until she groans. In response she presses a hand into my chest and pushes me back to the bed.

"You want it rough?" she groans, her hips rocking back harder against my cock suddenly. I respond by roughly smacking her behind and groping it in my large hand.

"You can try." is my response.

Her cries go up another octave as she starts to bounce hard and fast on my cock, her large tits bouncing heavily on her chest. I bare my teeth at her and grab both of them, pushing them together and squeezing them together hard.

"Fuck me Matt! Fucking fuck me!" Emma screams and, without a second thought, I roll her onto her back, grip her thighs and drive my hardness into her. I become lost in my lust for her then, fucking her like a man who has done nothing but think about his mistress all week. The bed creaks and the headboard smacks the wall behind it furiously as I growl and watch her scream underneath me, tits moving heavily with every hard pound into her cunt.

When I cum it's an explosion. I cry out her name and roar with each shot of my seed I fire into her, each coming with a deep thrust into her young pussy. I feel Emma climax with me and, spent, I collapse on top of her.

She's panting heavily now, still half-moaning through ragged breaths while her hands move gently up and down my back. I feel her lips kiss along my jawline and I twist my head to meet them. We both moan softly together when our mouths meet, followed by a light tinkle of laughter from her.

"Holy fuck," she whispers, hand running through my hair as I roll off of her and onto my back to lay beside her. Emma quickly moves to rest her head on my chest and cuddle up to me, legs draped over mine. I look down and smile at her, though she has her eyes closed and can't see me looking. I can see a look of contentment there though.

My hand runs through her hair and she makes a soft sigh of happiness before opening her eyes to look at me. "Hey," she says, and then looks slightly sheepish.

"So... I've made you some dinner. If you want some that is. I thought... that maybe we could eat together? And then we could fuck again before you have to go?"

I'm both warmed and slightly confused by her offer, but I nod and smile at her. "Dinner sounds great."

Emma grins, kisses me, then get up off the bed to grab a blue silk dressing gown from the back of her bedroom door. She quickly wraps it around her and then goes to the door. "Put some clothes on then. I'll go get it ready."

I watch her scoot off and then lean up from the bed, damp from her multiple climaxes. My hand rests on my knee and I glimpse the ring there, the sign of my marriage to Kate. A ward to keep off other women. It hadn't worked and, the more this went on with Emma, the more I find I just don't care.