 The rest of the time at camp went well, though not for the reasons I intended when I had originally organised the time away. We were there three nights in total and, while my days were spent being a doting father and husband, each night would end with me taking my wife silently while my lover listened and found release at the same time as us. It was true debauchery and a solid confirmation of the man I had chosen to become.

When I can I send messages to Emma, who is now as keen as me to find some time with one another. It feels like an eternity since I've held her and I feel an ache that has only grown more pronounced in my self-inflicted exile from her body.

On the final night, with Kate finally asleep after another potent session between us, I message back and forth with my lover to try and find a time.

"Tuesday?" she asks.

"Can't. Kate has started a fitness class so I need to look after the kids. Can you do Thursday or Friday?"

"I have a study group for finals both days. Bad timing really."

"A bit." I agree, my face in a deep frown as I realise that it's going to be hard to see her this week.

"We'll figure something out : )" she responds, and I place my phone down and with a quiet sigh and head to sleep with thoughts of holding her stunning body in my arms again.

The trip home was typical for any family of four - arguing, pleadings to stop for a multitude of bathroom breaks and more arguing. When it's all done and we're home safe I immediately head to the bathroom to attempt to wrangle some time, any time, with Emma. The same back and forth from the night before plays out and again I'm left frustrated. I toy with leaving the kids alone while Kate is out but somehow that is beyond my limit.

At this point, I'm just surprised to find I have one.

I don't message Emma again, and instead let a dark cloud of melancholy and frustration settle over me. I'm essentially sulking like a child who can't have his favourite toy, which is noticed by both work colleagues and Kate. She asks what is wrong with me and I tell her its post-holiday blues which she half believes, though it's clear from her raised eyebrow she thinks that it's unlikely considering the holiday consisted of time in a tent with two rowdy children.

"Well, perhaps I can cheer you up after class then?" she suggests with a little wink, hand pressed on my chest as she looks up into my eyes. It's not gone unnoticed by me that since I have started my affair with Emma me and Kate have become more intimate more often, though I'm not smart enough to work out why that is.

"Perhaps you can" I lie, knowing that anything I do with Kate will hardly be the same now it will be more difficult to have Emma listen to it.

I watch her leave and go about putting the kids to bed. They're at an age where it can be difficult, but I'm lucky enough this night that they both go down relatively easily after the long weekend spent outdoors.

I'm laid out lazily on the sofa, watching the football with a beer in hand, when I hear a soft knock on the door. I check the time and see it's too early for Kate, plus she has a key to let herself in. I'm about to ignore it, because who could it be at this hour, when Emma comes to the front window and waves at me.

In a flash I'm on my feet and at the door, dragging her inside and looking angrily at her.

"What are you doing here?" I hiss, conscious of my sleeping sons upstairs. "Kate will be back any moment."

"But she's not here now, is she?" she answers with her now trademark eye roll. "Anyway, I thought with finals coming up you might want to help me study?"

The implication of what she means by study is clear on her face.

"Emma, we can't. We've already risked it too much already. How we've not been caught is anyone's guess."

"I can just go then...?"

I meet her chestnut eyes and groan, because I know that she knows that I would not willingly get rid of her from my house when she's here and I've been dying to just touch her for the longest time. That doesn't mean the opportunity is here to do anything though.

"Kate will be here any minute." I plead. "She'll be a mess from the fitness club and will be even more of a mess if she sees..."

My words trail off as a heinous plan forms in my head. A way to give me a chance to have what I want at great risk. But at this point I'm used to great risk with Emma, and the adrenaline coursing through my veins wants an outlet, which is offered to me by the girl stood in front of me wearing a tight-fitting white t-shirt and a long skirt.

"Go in the kitchen. If Kate comes in tell her you're here to study. Wait there and don't move."

Emma's response is to grin, kiss my lips and to do as I say. I don't think too much on it as I bound upstairs, two steps at a time, and into the bathroom to run the bath. It's perhaps a little noisy as the hot water splashes into the slowly filling tub, but I close the door to the boys' room as I go to my bedroom to find tealights to dot around the bathroom and give the illusion of a romantic gesture to my wife for when she returns.

Again I'm partially horrified by what I'm doing and partially excited. It seems to be my base limit these days since Emma has been involved in my life.

The bath is almost run when I hear the door open. I quickly head downstairs as Kate places her gym bag down and looks up to me with a tired smile.

"Kids go down alright?" she asks, face still red from her workout.

"Fine. Actually, I thought I'd run you a bath."

Her face softens and she makes a sound as if she was holding a puppy in her arms. She kisses me lightly and I taste sweat on her lips.

"Aren't you just the greatest?" she says with a happy smile, body pressed to mine. "Why don't you come and join me."

"He can't," answers Emma as she approaches with a glass of wine. "Sorry, I asked for some help for finals. But he did ask me to bring you this while he ran your bath."

Kate looks quizzically at Emma for a moment, perhaps slightly embarrassed that she'd been overheard by this young woman, and then smiles politely before taking the wine glass from Emma. "Thank you... Emma, wasn't it? Well, I guess I'll leave my wonderful husband to continue being a wonderful teacher. Don't keep him up too long please!"

"I won't. I'll be gone by the time you're done." Emma replies sweetly.

"Oh that gives you plenty of time honey now that you've put this in my hand." My wife laughs, before kissing me once more and heading up the stairs.

Both me and Emma stand in the hallway waiting to hear the bathroom door shut. Each sound of movement signifies another second closer to being able to hold my lover again. We both know we need to wait, but it's excruciating when she is stood beside me with her chest rising and falling faster and faster in anticipation of the naughtiness we're going to be doing.

When we hear the sound of Kate lowering herself into the bath we're on each other like teenagers, kissing fiercely and pawing at one another through our clothes as we stumble from the hallway and into the living room. I press her against a sideboard, littered with family and wedding photos that look at me disapproving while I bunch up her skirt, stick a finger in her panties and push into her soaking wet pussy while simultaneously shutting the living room door.

Emma groans against my lips like a woman who has suddenly got everything she's ever needed. And it's just one solitary finger.

"I've missed you so much," she whispers, voice strained in an effort to remain quiet, her hips grinding down onto my hand eagerly. I push a second one in and feel her whimper against my lips as she fumbles at my belt buckle.

Eager to speed things up I take things into my own hands and push her onto the sofa. As I unbuckle my belt and undo my jeans, Emma pulls up her skirt and pulls down her panties, passing them to me as she spreads her legs and displays her glistening sex to me.

Pocketing her gift, I kneel down between her legs and line myself up to fuck my nineteen year old lover on the sofa my children watch cartoons on in the mornings. Those purer thoughts are a million miles away from my conscience as my hard cock slides into Emma's welcoming cunt.

We share a silent gasp of completion as I sheath myself deep inside of her, Emma reaching up to the nape of my neck so she can pull me down to kiss her. We both moan as we grind our hips against each other and I relinquish myself to her, the only one I truly want.

"You've missed me too, right?" she breathes as she clings to me, legs wrapping around my waist as I start to take her faster.

"You wouldn't believe me If I told you how much." I tell her, and she giggles slightly as my hand pushes her over her ample chest that is resting in a lacy white bra. I remark to myself that she seems to have an exquisite taste in lingerie as I push it up over her tits, watching as they strain against the underwire before popping free.

My hand gropes one of her large breasts while my mouth dips to her other, taking a hardened pink nipple into my mouth where I suck on it hard until I hear Emma gasp out and feel her back arch upwards. A hard thrust into her makes that gasp into a moan and I leave my station at her tits to muffle my mouth with my own.

We cling to one another desperately, as if worried either of us are going to disappear, or that it might make the sofa squeak less as we fuck. One delicate hand is in the back of my hair, clutching tightly, while the other is pressed under my shirt to the small of my back. She wants me as close to her as possible, and after so long without her I need to feel her skin pressed against mine.

The noise from the sofa is an issue though. Kate is still upstairs after all and she could easily hear us, though I can hear the faint sound of some music playing so feel relatively confident she won't hear how I'm fucking someone else and bastardising our vows once more. But the kids however...

I make the decision to roll us off the sofa and onto the floor without really thinking on the logistics, only realising how ungraceful that is about halfway through the manoeuvre. Emma softly laughs and asks what I'm doing and I whisper to her my reasons. Instead of my foolish plan, she suggests I get on the floor and lie on my back, and I duly oblige.

Emma moves to sit on my lap after I take my place on the rug, incidentally bought as a wedding gift when me and Kate moved into our first home, and quickly guides me into her before she helps to tug my shirt over my head. It's perhaps too much skin on show - especially if we're interrupted - but Emma doesn't seem to mind, shown by the fact that she removes her shirt and bra shortly after, silhouetted by the sunset from the large bay windows behind her.

Her body... how I could rob myself of this when she gladly chooses to share it with me is perhaps the most foolish thing I've ever done. I watch in awe as it undulates slowly above me, moving gracefully to grind onto my hard cock deep inside of her. I watch how her perfect breasts push out and heave slightly through her laboured breathing, and then look to her face to see how her full lips part to exhale when she reaches just the right spot.

"Your hands."

I realise that I've been so lost in watching her that I've not even been touching her offering. I mumble an apology and an excuse that she shouldn't look so distracting and then let my hands slide slowly from her thick hips and up the side of her torso until I am cupping each of her heavy breasts. She murmurs in delight as I pinch her nipples and then leans down to press herself against me.

Our kissing becomes as intense as our fucking then, my hips thrusting upwards frantically to fuck Emma from beneath her gorgeous figure. I grip her ass and hold her tight to me as we build up to our crescendo, my lover panting heavily against my neck as she does her best to keep quiet.

"Pl-please," she begs, and I know exactly what's she's begging for.

"Not before you." I hiss back.

Her hands run into my hair and she moves her face above mine. Her breathing is ragged, her face becoming flush. I watch as her orgasm creeps on her, her eyelids fluttering shut as the first wave crashes over her.

"I... love... You."

They're the last words I hear before I bury my cock deep into her cunt and erupt inside of her, filling her with my seed at the same time she cums over my manhood. I pull her close to me and grunt against her bare shoulder as she shudders through her climax, mewling against my neck as we slowly come down together.

We lay there for a short time, not saying anything, before she slowly gets up and starts to get dressed. I turn to watch her as she does, lying on the floor with my soft cock exposed and covered in our mutual juices, trying to ignore the slight awkwardness we can feel after what she said, and what I didn't say.

"You love me?"

Her shoulders slump and she turns to look at me, breasts now covered by her bra but still looking magnificent.

"I meant nothing by it. The heat of the moment." She argues poorly, pulling her shirt over her head. "And it's not like you love me." she adds when her head pops from her shirt.

I lick my lower lip and lean up, trying to gain a hold of my confusing feelings for this young woman and trying to find the right words so that she doesn't get hurt.

"It's... not just fucking to me. I think about you all the time. I don't know if it's love yet, but I think I'm close. I... like you alot Emma. I hope that's good enough for now."

Emma looks at me for a moment, now dressed and decent. Eventually she nods and smiles, then crouches down to kiss me lightly.

"I'm glad I'm not just a fuck." She whispers, hand caressing my cheek lightly before standing up and heading to the door. I stand and quickly arrange my own clothes, stopping her before she goes out into the hall to embrace her one last time.

"We'll do this again soon, okay?"

"Okay." She says, kissing me one last time and stealing her panties from my pocket as she does so.

"Gotta be careful Matt. Especially if it's something more."

I smile and watch her leave the house, her silhouette visible through the frosted glass, wistfully watching her move down the street.

"I love you, too." I say to no one, and then head upstairs to wear the façade of a good husband.