 After I'd climbed into my sleeping bag for the night, having just left the tent of a recently fucked nineteen year old girl, I spent time looking at the wedding ring on my finger and tried to think back to how I'd felt on that day - love for my wife, excitement for the family we would have together and the future we would experience. I even had a good career that I enjoyed for the most part, still did.

So why was I trying to throw all that away with Emma?

For two nights now I had fucked the young student in my care, each time filling her with my cum, with barely any care for the consequences until it was dripping out of her. When I'd asked her nervously if she was on any birth control she had just laughed and wished me a good night. It was a laugh that tormented me as sleep finally pulled me under.

Once again there was no indication that anyone had heard what Emma and I had been up to as we all sat down for breakfast. This time the teen kept on looking at me as we snacked on dried fruit, a slight quirk to her full lips as she chewed slowly on a strawberry. Even the way she ate could make my lust for her stir.

The day ahead was to be spent down by the lake for a little down time before we headed back to our lives the next morning. It wasn't a long walk, but I did manage to make a little room from the others so that I could finally manage a quick word with Emma. "You need to tell me whether you're on the pill or not." I rasp, aware that talking to her about something like this with colleagues all of ten paces away is incredibly dangerous. Emma looks at me and tuts, slapping my hand gently away from her after I had grabbed her arm.

"Of course I am. You think I want to get pregnant? I've got my whole life ahead of me - a good life. I don't intend to be grunting in a tent with someone half my age when I get to your age."

The words sting like a whip and it takes an amount of self-control to refrain from grabbing her and telling her that she had made me do all this, that she had started it and I had every right to be asking these questions considering what I'd done. What she'd made me do.

Instead I watch her sulk off and join the rest of the students as they prepare for their dip, and then continue to watch Emma as she strips out of her baggy t-shirt and jogging bottoms, revealing the sheer black bikini she's wearing underneath. Every male from the camp is looking at her at this point, reveling in her beauty. "Fucking crime she hides that figure" Carl, a colleague, says as he moves to stand beside me. "I'd love a go on that."

How little he knows.

The students frolic in the water for an hour before we break for a quick lunch, and afterwards they relax by catching the sun for a little while. When it comes to putting on some sun cream, I can't help but get envious at one of the male student's rubbing the sunblock into Emma's back. My lips go thin as I watch him smooth the cream into her soft skin, and when I glance down to see how she's reacting I find her smiling at me. My fists clench at the baiting, before I shake my head and tell myself that this is precisely how she wants me to react. I lie down, pick up my book, and try to push the thoughts of how her body felt from my mind.

The rest of the day goes by quickly, with most of it spent either on the small beach, or preparing for our departure the next morning. We all enjoy a final dinner together and I decide that an early night is what I need, so head to bed before I can do anything else I will regret. I don't make eye contact with Emma, and I do my best not to think about her at all as I undress and get into my sleeping bag.

With little sleep the last few nights, and a day spent baking in the sun, I'm not surprised I fall asleep quickly. Yet even as I'm starting to doze I know that she won't leave me alone. So when I'm woken by the sound of my tent being opened I'm not even surprised. I lift my head from my pillow and see Emma's head peaking in, a smile on her face.

"Emma, no!" I hiss at her. Yet she only grins, beckons me with her finger, and leaves my tent. I'm dumbstruck for a moment until I realise this is what she wants - she wants me to go to her, she wants me to succumb to her will.

I won't do it any longer.

That's why I'm pulling on shorts and a shirt and going after her, right? To tell her she can't play with me any longer?

I stand up and start to move to her tent before I see a light shining beyond the camp. My head turns towards it and I swear quietly under my breath before grasping its Emma, a torch under her face. I hear her laughing softly at my reaction and then watch her and the torch head away from camp, giving me no choice but to follow her.

It only takes a moment for me to figure out where she's leading me, my feet stumbling over roots and twigs on the dark ground as we head towards the lake. I can just about make out the torch in front of me and I call out to Emma, but she doesn't stop. Just go back to camp, I tell myself. But when I almost trip over the shirt she's discarded, I pick it up and inhale her scent from the fabric.

I only stumble faster after her.

When I reach the lake she's removed her jogging bottoms. This time she's wearing nothing underneath her garments. The night is clear and the moon reflects on her pale, naked form. If the last few nights hadn't happened I would be certain that this was some kind of dream.

"Emma, please..." I start, but she lifts a finger to my lips to stop me from continuing.

"No words. Just come for a swim with me." She whispers as innocently as I once imagined her being.

She doesn't wait for a response, leaving me on the beach as she wades through the water until it's up past her naval. By the time she turns around my shirt and shorts are off, hidden behind a tree with the clothes that she has discarded. I follow in after her, showing Emma the fool we both know I am.

When I reach her she drapes both arms around my shoulders and presses her lips to mine tenderly. I don't even try to fight her - what's the point at this juncture? Instead my hands go to her slender hips and I pull her closer to me until I feel hard nipples sliding against my wet chest.

Under the water she wraps her legs around me and I put a hand to the small of her back to support her, watching as she leans back to display herself to me, her long dark hair falling into the water to turn it jet black in this light, a stark contrast to the whiteness of her skin. My other hand slides along her wet stomach to her full tits. I caress them at first but such is the way they feel I am soon groping them until I hear a slight moan escape her lips.

"Fuck, you're the hottest thing I've ever seen" I whisper as she returns to press against my body, kissing me. I pull her greedily to my torso while her hips rock against my hard cock. When she breaks the kiss she grips the back of my head and stares at me intently.

"I want to hear what you want to do. I want to hear what you want Matt."

I lick my lips and look at her. It's so clear what she wants me to say, but I know in saying it she's won and I am hers. I glance at my wedding ring and then back to her.

"I want to fuck you Emma."

"Louder."

I sigh and repeat it back to her louder.

She smiles at me and then impales herself slowly on my cock, completing my failure as a husband and father.

She whimpers slightly in my arms as my hands go to her ass to guide her movements, though she doesn't need much guidance at all. Her hips move slowly and deliberately, forcing a grunt from my lips.

"Matt, you feel so-"

"Shhh!"

I'd noticed the torch a second before, coming down to the beach. I lower the two of us into the water so that only our heads are visible, and silently pray that whoever it is hasn't seen or heard us.

My head tilts slightly to look to the beach and I see its Carl. Thankfully he's not seen our clothes and not seen the two of us in the water from the way he's acting, though I silently curse him when he takes a seat on a rock and lights a cigarette. We'll just have to stay here and not move until he's done, I think to myself. It's not like he'll be long.

And then I feel the slightest movements of Emma's hips.

My head turns to glare at her. She can't possibly think that we can continue this now when a colleague of mine is all of twenty yards away from us? The way she smiles at me while biting her bottom lip tells me she knows exactly what she's doing, as does the way her hips move once more. It's so dangerous, what she's doing, but also the hottest thing I've ever experienced in my life.

Our foreheads press against one another and my hands go to her hips to pull her firmly against my cock, forcing a silent gasp of pleasure from her lips. She pulls herself closer to me and I wrap an arm around her body, as if hiding her from Carl's sight.

We continue like that, our mutual movements so slow, until Carl tosses his cigarette end into the water and stands up. I cease moving Emma against me at that point, eager to avoid my colleague seeing movement from us now we've been so careful. My student doesn't stop though, and I'm about to whisper for her to do so when I hear shuddering gasps in my ear and then the feeling of her pussy tightening around my cock, her body softly shaking in my arms.

I hold her close as she comes down from her orgasm, her head resting on my shoulder and her breathing ragged. I wait until I'm sure Carl won't be returning and then slowly stand up in the water, the sound of water dripping from our bodies and into the lake around us.

Emma is smiling when she kisses me affectionately, a kiss that I respond in kind with - it feels like we've come through something monumental together. "That," she whispers with a giggle. "Is the most intense orgasm I've ever had."

"And you just needed to have someone who could ruin both our lives in our eyeline to have it." I retort, though I find myself smiling like an idiot.

She laughs softly and then she moves her mouth to my ear so I can feel her lips brush the lobe as she whispers; "Take me to the beach."

I duly oblige, keeping myself firmly planted inside of her as we move slowly back through the water and back to the small bit of sand Emma had enthusiastically called a beach. She holds onto me tight and I kiss her shoulder lightly, feeling oddly relaxed now Carl had disappeared and the chances of my life being ruined had gotten a little less likely.

When we reach land once more, I reluctantly pull my manhood free of her and lay her on the sand. I am ready to take her, to make her moan now there's some space from the others we're with. But as I part her legs, eyes on her slick lips, she pushes at my chest.

"No."

"What do you mean 'no'?" I respond, almost incredulous. Emma just smiles.

"I want to do something for you."

My reluctance fades and I slide sideways onto my back, where she quickly straddles me. The teen kisses my lips lightly, and then moves from stubbled jawline, to collarbone, to chest. My heart rate increases as I imagine what I think she's going to do, getting more confident as her full lips press against my ribs then stomach until she is sat on my legs and I can feel her warm breath on my hard cock. When I look down at her she's smiling at me.

"Do you want me to suck your cock, Matt?"

All I can manage is a mute nod. Emma grins wickedly and then traces her tongue from base to tip slowly, forcing a groan to escape my lips and my heart to skip a beat.

"I want you to say it." She whispers and I close my eyes and shake my head, unable to cast aside the spell this girl has on me.

"I want you to suck my cock Emma."

She responds by opening her mouth and sliding the tip of my cock past her lips.

My eyes shut as I give in to her. I try to think of the time my wife did this for me, the time I felt this wanted and I can't recall. I whisper Emma's name out to the night and let my fingers tangle into her damp, dark hair, where I can feel her head bobbing up and down slowly on my cock.

There is no doubt in my mind that's she's done this before, her mouth so skilled that I'm soon pushing my hips up involuntarily into her mouth. She occasionally pauses her sucking to tease around the tip of my cock with the tip of her tongue while her hand gently massages my balls. For a brief moment I wonder what she would like with her face covered in my cum, but maybe I'll do that another time.

God, do I want another time with her?

She lifts her head suddenly and moves to position her pussy over my cock. I glimpse a wetness on her fingers that show she's been as busy with her hand as she has been with her mouth. She teases me with wet lips, brushing them against the tip of cock as my hands grip possessively at her hips. I need to feel her, but she's resisting me.

"Beg. Tell me what you want." She growls at me, her voice showing how desperate she is for me too.

"I want you. I want to fuck that tight little cunt of yours." I reply instantly, desperately.

"That's not begging."

I whimper. Actually whimper.

"Please Emma. Please. I need to fuck you."

She responds by guiding my hardness into her warmth where we both groan out in unison.

She pushes down until I am buried to the hilt inside of her. Emma then starts to rock her hips slowly, hands planted on my chest as her pussy slides up and down my shaft, all the action coming from the way she moves her hips. My eyes are drawn to her tits, pushed together by her arms to create the most incredible cleavage I have ever witnessed. I reach up and pinch the inviting pink nipples, then lean up with my mouth to suck hard on one. I'm rewarded with hearing her moan properly for the first time.

Even that sounds perfect.

I slide my hand down her torso to rest on her hip, fingers pressing into her toned ass as I help to guide her, though she doesn't need any help. I give her ass a little smack of encouragement and she moans softly again, biting her lower lip and looking at me seductively.

She leans up from my body and displays herself to me, back arching to push her breasts out as both hands clutch her long hair to her skull, her eyes closed. I am lost in what she is giving me, much like it seems she is lost in what I offer her. Behind her, the moon silhouettes her body in a perfect glow so it feels like I'm fucking an angel.

The way she's grinding on my cock, I think I might be.

She moans again when I pinch her nipple and run a thumb along her clit, her brown eyes opening to look down on me beneath her. "Not going to tell me to shut up?" she gasps through a moan, hands running down her body and across hard nipples. They find my own hands and she moves them to her firm breasts and together we squeeze them together until she moans out again.

"Fuck no. I want to hear how you sound." I groan back, throwing caution to the wind. She smiles back breathless and starts to grind faster on my cock, leaning back slightly and putting her weight on a hand that's resting between my legs. My eyes switch from the way her hips rhythmically move on my cock to her face, which displays the sheer ecstasy she's feeling at the moment. 

I pull her down to me and we share a passionate kiss, interrupted by her increasingly loud moans when I start to hammer upwards into her sex. I grip her hair and press my forehead to hers as my grunts join the perfect cacophony of sounds escaping her lips.

"Look at me!" I hiss. "I want you to look at me when I fill you with my cum."

Emma nods and I slam myself faster and harder into her, one hand grabbing at a tit fiercely and the other gripping a firm ass cheek. I am feral for her now, growling under my breath and baring my teeth. I stare into the beautiful eyes of the siren that has so enraptured me, eyes that are all but pleading for our mutual release.

Just as I am about to cum, I roll her onto her back and slam myself deep into her cunt, feeling her pussy clench around my cock as I pulse my seed into her. She cries out loudly, perhaps too loudly, and I slap a hand over her mouth as I grunt through clenched teeth above her. She still continues to moan under me, but at least it's not likely to wake up the res t of the camp.

I glance up to the tree line, panting as I feel myself go limp inside of her. There's no one there that I can see. When I look back to Emma I realise that my hand is still covering her mouth, and when I remove it I get to see that cute, mischievous smile of hers again.

"Well, this has definitely made this trip more fun, hasn't it?" she breathes, slender hand wrapping around mine as she kisses the back of my fingers.

I can't help but smile back at her. I am hers. 

"Who says it has to end here?" I suggest with a raised eyebrow.

My mistress grins at me. I am hers.

God I am totally hers.