 Emma and I fucked twice more after she had cooked for us, a simple spaghetti dish that satisfied me enough, though it honestly wasn't a patch on what Kate could rustle up. We chatted for a bit at the dinner table about how she planned to get a job in the parks service when her studies were done and perhaps get her own little apartment in town. No mention is made of what will happen to us when that time comes and that suits me just fine.

The first session after dinner was innocent enough, or at least it started that way. I'd taken the dirty plates from the table and insisted that I wash them seeing as she had cooked. A playful fight had ensued and soon we were gripping each other in another embrace.

It was dangerous enough being in her room and doing what we were doing, so it was perhaps even riskier to do things in the kitchen. With her bent over the sink, and her silk gown hanging off her forearms, I take her. It's all in the heat of the moment, fast and frantic like it had been at the top of the stairs. Both of our moans fill the kitchen as I slam myself into her, hand curled in a tangle of brown locks to keep her close, sometimes glancing down to watch how her tight ass ripples as my pelvis strikes against it.

I'm pressed against her back when we both come undone, with Emma all but lying in the sink as she recovers from her orgasm. "Okay," she pants. "I'll let you wash up."

We both chuckle and clean the place up before deciding that time is short and I probably need a shower. Of course Emma insists on joining me and, rather than fucking once more, I get to watch her on her knees in the shower with hot water cascading over her perfect naked form. Her chestnut eyes don't look away from me once while she blows me.

At the end, as I feel myself about to cum for the fourth time that night, I grip her hair and yank her head back. After so many orgasms there's not much left, but I still manage to shoot two ropes of cum across her face to finish. Emma grins at me and then pools some water in her hands to clean herself up.

"How long have you wanted to do that"?

"Since that second night at camp." I admit, washing myself properly now.

"Should have said - I'd have gladly let you do it."

I finish washing and then change into my clothes while Emma gets into a vest top and some loose fitting bottoms, preparing herself for bed. "So when are we going to do this again?" she asks, fingers trailing along my chest and brown eyes wide and innocent as we stand by the front door. "The weekend?"

I shake my head. "No can do. It's my eldest son's birthday, so I'll be needed at home. Would be a struggle to get away really."

She looks a little sad but bobs her head in understanding. I put my finger to her chin, tip her face up to mine and kiss her softly. "We will find time, Em. I promise. I want... whatever this is. You know that."

My mistress smiles and gives me another kiss and then I quickly leave her house and scoot down the street, thoughts about how good she felt and sounded happily occupying my mind.

When I get home the lights are all off and I sneak into the house not too long after when I should have been home anyway, had I been at the cinema and not fucking a woman half my age. I quickly get undressed and creep into my bedroom. It's only when I get under the covers that Kate stirs and shifts over to cuddle up to me.

"How was the film?" she asks sleepily, and I recount bits of the Wikipedia entry I'd read on it earlier that day to give some credence to my lie. My wife is far too sleepy to care though as she rests her head on my chest and cuddles up close. My active evening has made me tired, so sleep isn't too long in finding me, but my last thoughts are imagining sleeping like this with Emma and how she might feel cuddled up to me.

Our dialogue over the next few days is short. We try and find a little time for one another but, apart from a heated kiss in my empty classroom, we can't find any further time for what we both want. Our texts remain raunchy, especially as the weekend draws near, but it looks like it will be the Tuesday next week when we have a chance for something more meaningful, and even that would be in my car.

I'm suitably distracted from Emma for the first time in weeks by the organising of the birthday party. Kate, forever frugal, had arranged for it to happen at ours with his friends and some of our family coming round to join in. She'd organised a bouncy castle and all other sorts of fun and games, giving me very little to do other than bake a cake for him and wrap the presents.

It gives me a chance to feel wholesome again as I act the family man despite my recent forays into something darker. That wholesomeness is tinged with a shadow though - my smiles feel rotten and my laughter feels hollow when I see how excited my son is with his new bike.

As the afternoon is nice most people spend it outside, watching the kids yelp happily on the bouncy castle while Kate's parents get the barbecue going. I'm in the kitchen fixing drinks when I hear the doorbell ring, and for some reason even then I have a bad feeling about it.

The walk down the hall shows me a figure in the frosted glass of the front door - dark hair, feminine features, dark-rimmed glasses...

I swallow hard, open the door and see Emma standing there wearing a denim dungaree dress with one clasp undone to reveal a multi-coloured hooped top underneath. Her hair is up and, quite effortlessly, she looks as cute as a button.

"Hi," she says softly. "Sorry, I had to see you."

"Emma-"

"Who is it hun?" Kate asks from behind me, and I feel my skin go cold and pale as the two worlds I'd desperately tried to keep separate collide. Such is the fear of saying something incriminating that my tongue turns to lead in my mouth and I can't find any words to explain who the girl is at the door, and how I definitely didn't fuck her four times in a few hours earlier in the week.

Thankfully, Emma isn't as frozen as I am. She smiles delightfully and offers Kate a hand.

"Hi! I'm Emma, one of Matt's students." She says as she shakes my wife's hand.

"Nice to meet you Emma. Is something wrong?" Kate asks, friendly smile towards the face I'd covered in cum four nights prior.

For fuck's sake stop thinking about that!

"Nothing wrong - we have an exam on Monday and Matt said he'd offer some advice on what I might be best studying up on. Is... now a bad time?"

Fuck you, you know it's a bad time.

"Well, a little Emma - it's our son's birthday." Kate says sweetly, but her gaze towards me is not at all sweet. "Come on in. Matt - don't be long."

"I... I won't." I say as she strides back to the kitchen and out into the yard.

"Am I in trouble?" comes the saccharine sweet voice from behind me and it takes all of my will power, something I find myself doing a lot around Emma, to not turn around and march her out of my house. My voice is a deep snarl when I do turn to face her, face contorted with fury.

"What... the fuck... are you doing here?"

"Asking for help on my studies, clearly." Emma replies, eyes rolling behind her glasses. I take a step closer to her, looking down into her chestnut eyes. "What are you really doing here?" I growl under my breath, and her head rises, face proud.

"What do you think?" she challenges. "I know what you want. I know that's it's the same as what I want. And I don't want to wait until Tuesday."

We don't move for a time and I'm sure if anyone was to come into the kitchen at that point and see us by the front door they would think we were about to come to blows. To an extent they would be right in that things were on the precipice of turning physical.

My breathing deepens and I feel a war inside of me. I cannot do what I'm thinking of doing - there's risk and then there's this. My family is outside, my children and wife are outside. To do this would be the lowest thing I could ever do, would give me no chance of redemption. If I was to do this and get caught then I would probably never see my kids again.

All those thoughts cross my mind as I walk slowly up the stairs with Emma following behind me, petite hand in mine. It's my choice to do this, my decision to walk up these stairs with her, yet at the same time it doesn't feel like my decision at all.

I lead her into my small study. It's the smallest room in the house, overlooking the garden, though you can only see out through the blinds and not see in thankfully. If they could see in from the garden they'd see how I lifted my mistress in my arms, pushed her against the door that I wisely bolt closed, and kiss her with all the passion she makes me feel.

"You bad man," Emma hisses against my lips as I hitch her dress, already gasping with need. I push the hem past her panties and then use my body to pin her to the door while my hands pull down the zipper on my jeans and release my already hard cock.

"I'm going to fuck you, you fucking slut." I snarl, using the head of my cock to push aside her panties before sheathing myself inside of her. To prevent any noises I press my lips to hers and feel the vibrations of a moan tremble against my mouth as we stealthily start to fuck.

A gasp escapes her lips as her hand runs into my hair. "I love being bad for you." She whispers, her hips grinding slowly as I push myself into her. It's slower than I would like - after what she's done I want to slam myself into her so hard that she'll have no choice but to scream out and beg for more.

It's almost like she loves tormenting me. Or loves the risk of what we're doing.

Holding her tight I turn around to place her on my desk. Emma leans down and pushes the keyboard and mouse away as she lays down on it. Her fingers, always so nimble, quickly unbutton the remaining clasp on her dress, pulling the denim down and then her multi-coloured top up to display the cute pink and black trimmed bra she's wearing.

In my lust I pull the cups down and spring her large tits free and watch in delight as they jiggle on her chest with each heavy thrust into her cunt. My hands dig into the slight fat she has around her pale hips, pulling her back onto my shaft with every stroke.

I drag my eyes to her face, shadowed by the slats of the blinds and then happen to glance outside to see my family playing and enjoying themselves. Kids bounce happily on the inflatable castle, my father in law serves a burger to my brother in law, and Kate is chatting with our neighbour, oblivious to what I am doing and who I am fucking on my desk.

"Is this what you wanted?" I hiss through clenched teeth, my attention back on Emma who has her teeth biting into her clenched fist to stop herself making any noise other than a quiet yet shrill moan. When she doesn't answer I put both hands to her breasts and pinch her nipples until she nods aggressively.

"I... need... you... Matt."

All I can do is shake my head. "I need you too." Are the only words I can manage back, because if I didn't need her then surely I wouldn't have pulled her up into my study to fuck her.

She leans up, wraps an arm around my shoulders, and we kiss again. This time it's without the anger from when we'd kissed as we entered my study. It does have all the passion we'd accumulated though, all the feral need we have for the other.

We take a step back and I sit down on my chair with Emma straddling me. The intensity reaches a fever pitch as she removes her glasses and starts to ride me with the same skill she's shown since our first night together, grinding her hips on me while our foreheads rest against one another, our gazes locked and our breathing ragged.

My hands free, I take the opportunity to let my hands wander along her body. I cup her breasts and then slide my hands down to rest on her ass. As she grinds on me I can feel her cheeks clench and I grip them hard in an unnecessary response to her action. 

When I see her eyes start to flutter and her body begin to tense I know she's about to find her release. Grabbing her hips I grip to her tight as she gasps quietly against my neck, body shaking just as I pull her down and pulse my cum into her young, tight pussy. I groan her name into her ear as I fill her, reminding her quietly what a little slut she is.

The only noise other than our ragged breathing is the sound of children laughing outside.

"Matt? It's almost time to cut the cake!"

And of Kate shouting me downstairs.

"I'll be right down!" I shout back as Emma pulls away from my chest and we share a tender kiss with one another, holding onto one another softly. I wonder whether she's wishing if we could just hold on to one another a little longer, just like I am.

"You better go." I tell her solemnly, and she gets up and nods. Neither of us look at one another as we clean ourselves up, making sure that there's no proof of our encounter other than what I've shot inside of her.

She moves to the door and reaches for the bolt to unlock it, but stops before doing so to look back at me. "I'm sorry, but not sorry. Does that make sense?" she asks with a small quirk of her mouth. I put my hands in my pocket and nod at her.

"Yeah, it does. We... just have to be careful Emma. This wasn't careful. I-"

"I know." she interrupts. "Tuesday?" she asks hopefully.

"Tuesday." I confirm, and with that she unbolts the door and quickly scoots downstairs. She doesn't wait when she reaches the front door, and in an instant she is out of the house. I'm still looking at the door a few seconds later from the top of the stairs when Kate comes to the bottom of the stairs, looking up at me with a smile.

"Didn't she want any cake?"

I shake my head. "I asked her but she said she was full." I answer without even realising how dangerous a thing it was to say - now isn't the time for not-so-clever wordplay.

"Oh well. Come on then you - you've got some parenting to do."