 Liam searched all his pockets. His school ID had to be there. He always had it on him. He used it to get into his dorm and he used it at the food services to get his food. He was sure that he had had it when he went over to K dorm where Madeline lived. It must have fallen out while he was hiding in her closet. Or, he didn't want to think about it, on her bed afterward. When she found that ID she wouldn't need to have seen him and she wouldn't need CSI to know who had been in her room.

He called his roommate Craig and asked him to come down and open the door. Craig was irritated but he came down. He asked him what he had been up to, but Liam just shrugged and said he had been at the library. They didn't make much sense, since the library had been closed for over an hour, but Craig didn't go to the library very often.

That night he couldn't get any sleep. His finger throbbed from being bitten last night, keeping him awake and he kept on thinking about his missing ID. He imagined her finding it on the floor in the morning. At every sound in the hall he expected the police to break in the door. Maybe he should go to the police himself, he thought. He could say that his wallet had been stolen. That would explain why his ID was in Madeline's room.

But that didn't make much sense. If Madeline brought his ID to the police, they would surely check for fingerprints or DNA evidence and then he would have an additional charge of lying to the police. No, the better approach was just to admit to being in her room and to sleeping with her. She didn't have any proof that he had snuck in, and she did say that he should go ahead and do it, so it wasn't technically rape, he reassured himself.

He knew though that that excuse probably wouldn't hold up in court. For one thing his finger was pretty clear evidence that he hadn't been an invited guest. He hoped though that it wouldn't get so far. Maybe she wouldn't even go to the police. He didn't think that was likely though. She was the kind of person to go straight to the authorities. He was really afraid and didn't know how he would get out of this. He didn't want this to define his whole life. Kicked out of school, a criminal record... 

He didn't look forward to going to the coffee stand tomorrow morning. He didn't think that he would be able to stand to meet her eyes if they were to meet.

As it turned out he didn't need to worry about her confronting him at the coffee stand. For the first time since he began watching her she didn't go to get her daily bagel and cream cheese. He was relieved that she wasn't there. When he went back to his dorm after classes a fat campus security guard was standing by the entry door. He stopped about 60 feet away. Was he waiting for him? He thought about turning around and going the other way but he decided to just keep on walking. He stuck his hand in his jacket pocket and staring at the door, he walked right by. The campus security didn't even seem to notice him, but he didn't stop or look around he just walked as fast as he could to the elevator.

When he finally got to his room he closed the door behind him in a rush. He was almost hyperventilating. He had been sure that the campus cop was going to stop him. His roommate looked up from his desk and stared at him.

"Everything ok?" his roommate asked.

"Yeah, fine." Liam tried to sound calm but he didn't think it was successful.

"What the hell happened to your finger?"

Liam looked at his hand which was still holding the door shut. His finger was now a deep bluish color. "Oh, I jammed it playing basketball." He had already used that excuse few times today.

"Since when do you play basketball?" his roommate looked incredulous.

What did it matter, what Craig thought? Liam was hardly friends with his roommate. They had just been assigned rooms randomly when they arrived at the beginning of the year. They didn't have anything in common. Liam was here on an academic scholarship. Craig played on the college basketball team and was almost on academic probation. Liam hadn't had a girlfriend since coming to college. Craig had a different girl every week. That was a sore spot between the two of them. Craig had often joked that Liam would never get a girlfriend. If he only knew who he had slept with last night, Liam thought and smiled to himself.

Again the next day Madeline didn't show up at the coffee stand. He hadn't seen her anywhere.

He was having a hard time concentrating on his classes. He was still jumpy and was acutely aware of any police presence. He hadn't noticed before how many campus security officers and normal police officers were on campus before. Each time he saw one he expected them to stop him and question him.

For the last couple of days he had hidden his hand each time a cop came by, but now it was getting better so that you wouldn't notice that it had been hurt from looking at it. Still when security came by he put his hand in his pocket just in case.

The next day, Friday, she wasn't around either. Slowly his emotions were moving from fear to guilt and concern. He had liked her. She was a good person. She was smart, pretty, confident the kind of girl he would have liked to have dated. He had never planned on doing anything to her. That had just happened. He remembered how scared he had been when he had heard her at the door and had dove into her closet. He had been sure that she would see him right away. But somehow she hadn't. And then he saw her, all of her.

He remembered watching her undress in front of him. He thought of how her bare breasts had swayed as she got ready for bed, the heart shaped mole on her perfectly shaped ass. He could still see her standing so close to him that he could touch her, her pussy almost in his face, the dark hairs framing her soft lips. And he remembered the way it had felt as he finally touched her there between her legs. His fingers had brushed through her thick bush and had rested on the soft skin of her labia. It had taken him a moment to find her crease but then he pushed into her and he had felt her wetness.

Then after that, that's when it had happened. He remembered it like he was watching someone else, but he knew it had been him. He had loosened his jeans and brought his erect cock into position. He remembered entering her and how sweet it had felt. He was ashamed now at how much he had enjoyed it, how much he still enjoyed thinking about it. He would like to think that if given another chance he would decide differently, but in his heart he knew he would do it again. 

He hadn't seen her since that night. She hadn't been to the econ department and she hadn't even gone to her classes. He had stood at a distance outside each of her classes and waited. Her panties were in his pocket. He had started to carry them with him wherever he went. He didn't want Craig to find them in their room and start asking more questions. As he had waited for her to show up he would rub the soft fabric between his fingers. Touching them reminded him of their time together. He had waited until the end of the class and the last person had left. But she never came. That wasn't like her at all.

He was worried about her. And he was that she might go to the cops.

He decided that he would go and see if she was in her room. See if she was ok. Maybe, she had gone to stay with some friends. If she wasn't there maybe, just maybe he could get into her room again. Maybe she hadn't found the ID yet and he could still get away without anyone ever finding out.

If she had found the ID and she hated him now at least then he would know. Maybe he could talk her out of going to the police.

He went by the coffee stand and picked up a bagel and cream cheese to go. Just in case she was home, he wanted to have some kind of reason to be standing at her door.

He was nervous as he pressed the button on the elevator for the fifth floor. Was this really a smart idea? Maybe he should just leave it and walk away. It had been several days already and the police hadn't arrested him so he was probably ok. But he couldn't just walk away. He wanted to see her again. He rubbed the panties in his pocket absent-mindedly.

Since it was during the day there people were coming and going so it wasn't difficult to get onto the 5th floor. He casually walked down the hall and stood in front of room 512. There was a picture of Madeline on the door with some of her friends. They were laughing together. All the doors were decorated like this.

He took a deep breath and knocked on the door. No answer. He waited and knocked again. Still no answer. He was just about to try the door knob when the door opened slightly.

Madeline was wearing yoga pants and a white t-shirt with the college logo on it. She seemed surprised to see him.

"Oh hi." she said.

He wasn't sure if she recognized him.

"Uh, I noticed you were sick," Liam started. "I thought I would bring you a bagel." He lifted up the peace offering he had brought and smiled.

"Oh thanks." She smiled and took the bagel. 

"You're in one of my classes right?"

"Uh no. You're the TA for my class with Prof. Myers. Macroeconomics."

"Oh that's right. You're Liam right?"

She knew his name! He didn't think that she even knew he existed. 

"Yeah, that's right. Are you doing ok? I haven't seen you at the coffee stand lately."

"Oh, yeah. I'm ok. I'm fine. I've just been feeling a little out of it the last couple of days." She looked away.

Liam didn't know what he should say next. This was what happened every time he spoke with a girl. He never knew how to take the conversation to the next level. From her reaction it seemed that she hadn't found his ID yet. If anything from what he could see from the hall, her room looked like it was a bigger mess than before. He could see that the piles of clothes that had at least given some sense of order before had spread across the floor to the point where there was hardly anywhere where you could stand. But at some point she would have to clean up and then she was sure to come across his ID.

"You know, sometimes when I feel that way, it helps to just get outside and go for a walk. Do you want to maybe come with me? We could walk along the river, get some fresh air." Liam surprised himself with his invitation. Where did that come from? He was even more surprised though with her response.

"I'd love to. Just give me a second."

She walked back into the room leaving the door open. From where he was standing he could see the closet where he had hidden himself and next to it her bed. It turned him on a little being so close to where he had watched her undress and where he had been with her. This time though he was out in the open, talking to her. She grabbed some cross trainers and put them on while sitting on the bed.

"Thanks so much for coming by Liam. I was starting to feel really lonely," she said as she came out. He noticed that she locked her door before going with him to the elevator.

K dorm is not far from the river. As they walked there Liam tried to make small talk. But it didn't seem like Madeline wanted to talk much. After a while they just walked in silence next to each other. They had been walking for about 10 minutes like this when Madeline stopped and turned to Liam.

"I have something to ask you."

Liam's heart just about stopped. He was sure she was going to accuse him of being in her room the other night.

"Do you think I am pretty?"

That was a surprise. He looked at her. Even though she hadn't done her hair or her makeup she was naturally beautiful. She had a great body, the kind that other girls were jealous of. Her t-shirt was tight against her slender body and her breasts curved out pleasantly. She wasn't wearing a bra and in the cold air her nipples were hard and protruded clearly through her shirt. Her black yoga pants clung to her legs not leaving much to the imagination. He remembered how she looked without them on. Yes, she was pretty. She was beautiful.

"You're the prettiest girl I know." Liam answered honestly.

"Don't say that. That's stupid. I'm not that pretty."

"Yes, you are. You're beautiful. Really."

"You think so? Then why don't guys like me?"

"I'm sure lots of guys like you. In fact, I like you."

She blushed at his confession. "Yeah, I know 

but I mean 'like' like."

"I like you. A lot. I've liked you since I first saw you in Professor Myer's class."

"Really?"

"Yeah."

He hadn't planned on admitting to her that he had had a crush on her. But he had thought that it had been clear. It seemed that he hadn't been clear or at least she hadn't been paying attention. He decided to show her that he really meant it. She was standing close to him and he leaned over and gave her a short peck on the cheek, "Really."

At the contact of his lips to her cheek she flinched and pulled back. Her hand went up to her face where he had kissed her.

"Oh sorry," Liam sputtered. "I didn't mean to upset you."

"No, it's ok." Madeline regained her composure. 

"You just startled me that's all." But her hand remained on her cheek.

Liam remembered how he had kissed her on the cheek before leaving her room that night and felt a pang of guilt. She was obviously struggling with the memory of that night. That also would explain why she suddenly seemed so insecure. The Madeline he knew would have never asked a question like that. He remembered reading somewhere that women who have sex against their will sometimes question whether anyone could find them attractive. He didn't understand that. Obviously, if someone wanted to have sex with you they find you attractive. But he wasn't a woman, and he wasn't a psychologist either.

They started walking again in silence. After a few steps Madeline asked, "If you liked me, why didn't you ever ask me out before?"

"I tried to. I guess I'm just too shy sometimes."

"Well, what's keeping you now?"

Liam looked at her. At the same time that she asked that, there was a loud rumble of thunder and suddenly the skies broke open and started to pour down rain on them.

Within seconds they were drenched. They started to run back down the path until they got to tree where they could stand under the branches. It was still dripping there but it was mostly dry.

Liam couldn't believe how this day was turning out. Not only had Madeline not found his ID. She had agreed to go on this walk with him and now it sounded like she would like him to ask her out. It turned him on that she had no idea who he really was, what he had done. He had given up on ever having a relationship with Madeline a long time ago but maybe now it would be possible. Before she had thought that she was too good for him but now she had been taken down a few steps.

He looked over at her. Her hair was completely soaked. It looked sexy, like she had just gotten out of the shower. Her shirt was completely soaked though too. The white material of her t-shirt was so thin that it was almost like she wasn't wearing a shirt at all. Liam appreciated the view but wanting to appear a gentleman, he took off his coat and offered it to her. She gladly accepted it. Only after she put it on did he notice the open pocket and remember that her blue panties were in there. If she put her hands in the pockets, she would discover that he had her used panties. How would he explain that?!

His emotions swung from blissfully happy, to fearfully agitated. He couldn't very well demand the coat back. Not after just offering it. But if she were to put her hand into the pocket he would be ruined. There was only one way he could have her panties and that were if he had been in her room. She would surely realize that it had been him who had been hidden in her closet and all of this new found interest would be over in a flash.

He reached down and took a hold of her hand. He wasn't sure if she would accept the gesture but it was his best chance of making sure that she didn't put her hand in the pocket and discover the stolen panties. Thankfully, she let him hold her hand. His hands were warm and it felt nice to have her cold hand in his. They stood there a couple minutes hand in hand until the rain calmed down some and then they started out into the rain.

Liam was ecstatic to finally be able to walk hand in hand with Madeline. Somehow everything was turning out better than he could have possibly imagined. He had thought that that night had been a curse but it was turning out to be a blessing. They returned to her dorm and the rode up the elevator together. When they got to her room he would have been happy to drop her off, but to his surprise she invited him into her room.

"Sorry, about the mess." Madeline shoveled a pile of clothes off the floor and pushed them roughly into the closet. He could see the wire shelf where he had been perched a few nights ago.

The room was narrow and being in such a confined space with a beautiful woman would have been arousing even if he hadn't had any history with her. But being back in the same room where he had watched her undress and then had touched and caressed her before finally sleeping with her was an immense turn on. He was self-conscious as he felt himself getting hard and he hoped that she didn't notice.

She took off his coat and laid it on the desk. Her shirt was still wet and her nipples were clearly visible through the thin fabric. She hadn't seemed to notice, but Liam definitely did. He wanted to touch her breasts again, to feel their warmth underneath his hand.

"Oh, look at your shirt, you're drenched." Madeline said. "Let me get you something to wear." She looked through a clothes basket to find something that he could wear. Finally she settled on a gray college sweatshirt. It was oversized for her but it might fit him. She handed him the sweatshirt.

He removed his wet shirt, very aware that she was watching him. He was not very sporty but he wasn't fat either and actually he was kind of proud of the way he looked without a shirt on. But it was uncomfortable for him to be removing his shirt in a girl's dorm room while she watched. He didn't think of the irony that he had watched her do the same thing not even a week ago but she hadn't known that he was watching.

He pulled the sweat shirt on. It was a little small but it fit ok.

"Now what about you," he said indicating her shirt.

She looked down at herself and only then did she notice that she had basically been flashing him for the last several minutes. Her arm went up to cover herself.

"Oh my gosh! I didn't realize. That's so embarrassing."

"What's so embarrassing about it?" Liam asked trying to calm her. "It's perfectly natural and you have a beautiful body."

She blushed at his comment. "I'm just not used to people looking at me that way," she said quietly.

"Well, you need to get used to it. Because you're beautiful and I am looking." He smiled mischievously.

Maybe you should put on something dry. He tossed her a fresh t-shirt. She caught it revealing her nipples again through the wet t-shirt but she didn't make a move to put it on.

"Come on, you watched me change." He smiled confidently. "Anyway at this point it's not like there is much more to see." He indicated her shirt and she looked down to see how her breasts were already very much on display.

Blushing, she quietly started to pull the wet t-shirt off. The wet fabric stuck to her skin and was not so easy to remove. She peeled the shirt up and pulled it over her head.

Regardless of what he had said to her about him already being able to see everything, it was incredibly sexy for her to voluntarily be taking off her shirt in front of him. He couldn't believe this was happening. He hadn't really expected her to give in to his request. For months he had watched her and dreamed of seeing her naked and now she was knowingly taking her shirt off in front of him. It was one thing to watch her without her being aware. It was something completely different to have her choose to show herself to him.
