 She bit his bottom lip gently and sucked on it ever so slightly; just enough to make him utter a low moan. Her tongue played on his top lip before finding its way inside his mouth to mingle with his.

Her hands were in his hair at first. She loved the feel of it; so soft. But as she took her lips from his mouth and moved them down to his neck, her hands made their way down as well. 

She could feel the hard muscles of his arms underneath his shirt and loved the idea of how strong he was compared to her. How he could throw her down and have his way with her this very minute if he so desired. 

She could tell that he was enjoying her mouth playing over the tender spots on his neck and the nibbles she was giving his ears. His breath caught when she used her tongue and at the sound of it she gripped his arms, slightly digging her nails in. She groaned a little and whispered to him, "Mmmm. I want to taste every part of you."

He brought his hands to cup her face as her mouth took his once again. But she didn't let it linger there long. Instead, she took his thumb into her mouth and massaged it with her lips and tongue. A teasing little hint as to what was in store for him. She watched his face as she sucked and could tell he was enjoying it. His eyes were closed and his head was leaned back, his mouth curved in a slight grin as if he were imagining what else she might decide to put in her mouth.

Sitting in his lap, she could feel the pressure of his desire beneath her. She knew that he was wanting and needing something. That something being her. Her mouth, her lips, her body.

She didn't want to make him wait too long, but didn't want to rush it either. She motioned for him to remove his shirt and upon his doing so, she immediately began to kiss his chest. Trailing kisses back and forth and along and across it, then using her tongue to tease each nipple just a tiny bit. 

As she trailed the kisses even lower, she sank from his lap down to the floor with one of his legs on either side of her. His manhood was right in front of her and, from the looks of it; it was begging to be released from the jeans that were restraining it. She nibbled at his hardness through the fabric and could feel him arching his hips just a bit. She could hear his breathing patterns changing as he became even more aroused than before.

Slowly she undid his belt, then the button, then the zipper. She inched his pants down his legs taking his boxers with them.

His shaft stood at full attention. It was long and hard and she wanted it in her mouth. She knew he did, too.

Using her tongue, she teased up and down the sides and circled the tip just enough to make him grab her hair. She placed the softest kiss on the very tip of his head and then quickly took him in her mouth. He was surprised by the sudden warmth and wetness of her mouth and he let out a loud moan. This let her know she was right where he wanted her and she took him deep into her throat, taking every inch of him into her mouth. It wasn't the easiest thing to do because of his size, but she wanted to feel him at the back of her throat. She knew he wanted to feel it, too.

She sucked long and hard as his hands played in her hair.

His moans became louder and she could feel his shaft bulging even more than before inside her mouth. She knew he was getting close, but she so desperately wanted to feel him deep inside of her first.

She stood up slowly and straddled him once again. He placed one hand on her hip and the other found its way to her wetness. Gently touching at first before sliding one finger in. She sighed and he immediately knew that she was already so wet and ready for him. He pulled his finger out and slipped it into his mouth; tasting her. 

But one taste wasn't enough. He laid her back and immediately took her into his mouth. His tongue driving it's way deep inside of her. He suckled on her clit making her cry out in pleasure. With his tongue on her clit, he slipped his finger inside her again and this made her arch her hips up to him. He made her beg him to take her.

He came up and kissed her deeply as he slid himself along her wetness. She was dying to have him inside of her and he knew it.

The tip of his head felt her warmth and he slowly slid himself a little further inside. She gasped and cried out at the same time. It took everything in him to stop and allow her a moment to adjust to his size. He wanted to be all the way in her. He wanted to be so deep inside of her. But he didn't want to hurt her and he knew that if he plunged, he would.

After a moment, she pulled him to her; silently letting him know she was ready. Once again, he slowly pushed into her even further. Just a bit at a time until he was completely inside of her.

She was so warm and wet. She felt amazing and he told her so. He could tell that she enjoyed the feeling of him inside of her even if she wasn't accustomed to his size.

He moved slowly at first, still trying to give her time to get adjusted. She moaned softly and sighed little sighs that made him want to quicken his pace. He did so and she moaned even louder. He could feel her arching her hips to meet him. He could feel her hands on his hips pulling him deeper inside of her.

It didn't take long before she was ready to come and he could tell she was getting close. He slowed down to almost a stop and withdrew himself from her but for his tip.

He slowly teased her just putting the very tip in and out of her. She writhed beneath him and begged him to come back in. He teased and teased and then drove himself into her as hard as he could. 

She cried out so loudly and sank her nails into him so hard, that he knew that one movement had given her the release she had begged for.

Now it was his turn and he thrusted deep and hard until he was almost there. 

When he was right on the edge, he pulled out and flipped her over onto her stomach. She pulled up onto her knees. He firmly placed his hands on her hips and drove himself so deep inside of her. He felt her reach underneath and cup his balls in her hand, massaging them while he thrusted long and hard until he came harder than he ever had before.