 Tracy and Kirk had been very close for 12 years plus. It all started right after his divorce. He had been married close to half his life and was learning his way around the world being single. Tracy also recently divorced, had discovered Kirk chatting over the internet. The chat started out harmless but quickly grew to some very erotic late night conversations. They would spend hours chatting and getting each other very worked up. The online chat soon became meeting in person. For a while they shared some very passionate evenings together, exploring and sharing themselves with each other.

Over time the meetings in person became less but the connection continued. For years they would have their chat time on the weekends. Sometimes it was just general conversation about life sometimes it was discussing sexual desires they still felt for one another. They both would secretly wish they could connect again to share some intense passion. 

Recently Kirk had shared a long time fantasy of his. It involved having Tracy show up at his place of work when he was alone and them just taking each other. The idea had really stuck with Tracy and she thought of it often. One day while out shopping at the mall, Tracy spotted through a store window a really hot black dress. You know the type of black dress that you just know will turn a special someone's head. She walked on but the thought of the dress stayed with her. On the way out of the mall, she couldn't resist any longer and just had to buy it for herself. Soon as she got home she couldn't help but put it on and admire the look. She would lay across her bed and drift off in thoughts of having Kirks' hands exploring her body.

After one of their recent chats the idea of the office fantasy had come up again. The idea of such an adventure just stayed with her for days. Tracy though she'd get her mind off of things with some shopping therapy. Shortly after getting to the mall, she came across Victoria Secret. She just stood outside the window admiring some of the really naughty things wondering what reaction they would cause Kirk. Before she knew it she was standing in line checking out her recent selections.

On the way home she just couldn't get the idea of sharing the office fantasy with Kirk. She finally told herself that you only live once and life deserves some adventure. A few days later while taking with Kirk he brought up the fact he had to work on Saturday. Being real coy Tracy changed the subject but the whole time she had butterfly's in her stomach. 

Saturday morning came, Tracy spent the morning taking a long bubble bath. She kept soaping herself up and thinking of Kirk exploring her body. After a bit she dried herself off walked into her bedroom where she had already laid out her new black dress. Beside the dress was a lacy matching pair of undies just for Kirks' amusement. She got dress, and jumped in the car and headed towards the office where Kirk works. On the way she text him with a general "how are you" just to make sure he would be there. Just as she pulled into the parking lot he responded that he was good but bored having to work on a Saturday. Tracy's heart skipped a beat, as she text back "Come open the front door". As she stood at the door to his office complex she felt such a sense of arousal building deep within her. As she heard the lock in the door flip over her heart skipped a beat.

Kirk opened the door and was totally speechless. He had always dreamed of this moment. Just as he realized it was really true and Tracy was staying there in front of him, he noticed how she was dressed. It was an amazing black dress that really showed off her great legs and awesome chest. Tracy loved how her look was making Kirk totally speechless. As Tracy stepped through the door, she sat her purse down, turned to Kirk where without speaking a word he just pulled her into his arms and gave her a long deep passionate kiss that went on forever. There was no need for words, they both had talked many times of just how this day would go.  She couldn't help but feel she had released the animal in him as he pressed her against the closest wall and just started touching her while kissing her neck. The sensation of his hands all over her got her juices flowing and desire to have him even worse. 

He gives her a look of such desire, then takes her hand and begins to lead her down the hallway. As they walk into Kirks' office Tracy looks around and there is exactly what she's been looking for, a nice big office chair. As Kirk turns to continue kissing her, she takes his hands and leads him over to his office chair. As she leans in and starts kissing him, her hands drop below his belt and quickly gets his belt loose and his pants fall to the floor. With a real big grin on her face she drops to her knees pushes him back into the chair and with such enthusiasm starts to really enjoy the effect she's had on him. In no time flat she's got him moaning and shifting around in the chair. Kirk begins to run his fingers through her hair and enjoying the rhythm that is taking him so close to the edge.

Tracy knows that if she keeps up this pace he'll not be able to hold back much longer so she stands, and gives him another good long kiss. She then proceeds to slowly kick her shoes off. Then while looking at him she reaches up under her dress and slowly works her panties off and over her ankles. With a grin on her face she tosses them over into Kirks' lap then walks over to the chair and straddles over his lap. Kirk takes her face in his hands begins kissing as she works herself down into his lap. She becomes aggressive knowing what she wants and reaches between them and guides his shaft quickly into her soaked pussy. Her legs quickly wrap around Kirks' waist and puts her hands on his shoulders and begins humping and riding him like crazy. Kirk begins to massage her nipples through her dress, he can't stand it and works to pull her dress off over her head. As the dress his the floor he's really turned on by the lacy bra she's chosen for him, but he quickly works to release her breast as he's looking forward to having a nipple in his mouth. The feeling of her breast exposed has Tracy so close to the edge. Kirk sense this and with his hands on her ass, a nipple in his mouth he can begin to feel her body shake, and that sensation pushes him over the edge as well. As Kirk begins to flood deep inside Tracy, orgasms begin to rip through her body that she can't control and she begins soaking the chair they are in. They both collapse in each other's arms with such hard breathing.

After a few minutes Kirks' desire quickly builds and he pushes Tracy up to her feet. He takes her hand and walks her over to his desk. After some caressing and kissing he lifts her to sit up on the edge of his desk. He quickly sits back down in his chair and helps her to slide back on the desk where she is comfortable. Quickly he moves in to bury his face into her wetness. She's very aroused knowing that Kirk is about to go down on her and taste their juices together. In no time she has her legs wrapped around his neck and the feeling of his tongue working her clit is driving her totally crazy. Kirks' hands move up to caress her breast and work her nipples between his fingers. Tracy begins to run her fingers through Kirk's hair and hold his fact into her closely. She's so turned on she's actually humping his face and already at the point of exploding all over his face. Tracy's breathing is labored and in no time she begins screaming and once again her juices are flooding. As Kirk looks up at her and smiles it's such a turn on for her to see his face all shiny from her juices. But she can tell he's still wound up and wanting more. At this point she's his and is willing to do as he desires. He helps her off the desk and walks her over to a small conference table. Rather aggressively he motions for her to lean over the desk so he can take her from behind. As his hands get a firm grip on her hips he moves in between her legs and with little effort slips his swollen shaft deep into her. She's still sensitive from her last orgasm and the sensation has her experiencing mini orgasms right away. Taking a commanding position Kirk begins to drive deep and hard into Tracy. He places a hand on her shoulder for leverage in a short time stops and holds himself deep. Tracy feels his shaft begin to pulsate and once again feels his warm juices flooding deep into her. As Kirk pulls away Tracy turns and they both fall to the floor in each other's arms.

As they lay there, each secretly wonder what is next.