 "I don't want to cheat," she whispered breathlessly.

"Do you want me to stop," I asked just as breathlessly between our soft frenching.

I had to ask the question, because in my mind there was absolutely no way in hell you could construe what we were currently doing as "not cheating."

"No" she whispered at the next brief break before launching another passionate foray into my mouth with her tongue. "Just ... no sex," she finished during the next two breaks.

And then she added after a few more moments, "You don't want to do it, ... do you ... cause ... we probably ... shouldn't."

I just shook my head in agreement with her, because the circling of her tongue and the deep mutual mouth spelunking between these brief moments of speech prevented anything more.

I respected her wish at that moment. And yet it was extremely difficult to actually think about not doing it, because we were so damn close to actually doing it. In fact, the only barrier between us when these words passed her lips was the thin fabric of her cotton panties. The rest of her clothes were in a pile on the bathroom floor, jumbled up with mine. And I think I need to add, that was also difficult to think about not doing it, because she was so damn into the moment and on fire at time she said that we shouldn't do it. But perhaps I should back up a bit. Where was I exactly? How did I get there and who was the girl that I was not doing it with as she pulled me tightly against her naked flesh?

Well, I was in a little bedroom in a two room apartment. We were laying only about a foot off the floor on a short futon. It served as the girl's bed, and it was, in fact, her bedroom and her apartment as well. 

The girl I was not doing it with was a good friend of mine, named Julia, and she had been a good friend for about two years, ever since we were introduced at a party. She was also the girlfriend of another good friend of mine, named Kevin, who would have been very glad to know that we were not doing it that day, and who certainly would have expected us to not be doing it. And Julia, I should note, was the roommate of Christy, who likewise would have been very glad to know we were agreeing not to do it, since Christy and I ... well ... we were doing it, though not right at that particular moment.

Now Julia was a ravishing girl. She had a beautiful oval face, long wavy raven colored hair, and dark brown eyes. Her lips were full and extremely kissable. Her nose was perfect - not that I normally notice noses, but I did notice her's - and below the neckline she was equally stunning. She had full womanly curves, a c cup chest crowned with darker reddish brown nipples, a slender flat tummy, and hips that flared out wonderfully. Her hips, in fact, seemed to simply beg a man to grab on to them and sway; and these tapered down into long slender legs that gave Julia her 5'10" of height. Altogether, I would guess that she weighed maybe 125 to 130lbs with the pounds being in all the right places.

I had admired Julia's beautiful physique, of course. I don't think there are too many men who wouldn't have admired her in this way, at least not the living ones. But my admiration had always been from a distance, so to speak, as a friend. Because, after all, I was never actually planning on being more than a friend to her and I certainly wasn't thinking about actually doing it with her. 

And now that she had told me that we weren't going to actually be doing it together, I was perfectly confident that I could continue as her friend with only a ... sort of academic kind of admiration of her.

And how did we arrive at the point of not doing it? Well it wasn't anything momentous, if you want to know. She had asked me the previous summer if I would take Latin with her. I was a classical studies major and it was time to start taking Latin. She needed a foreign language and had always had a penchant for dead ones. So it was an easy sort of fit. It's always better to take classes with friends anyway. And why shouldn't Julia and I take a class together? I mean, since we would not be doing it, it was no big deal.

Then there was the break after that class on Tuesdays and Thursdays, when it was the last course of the day. This led quite naturally to a pattern of walking her back to her apartment, a logical and easy thing to do since she was Christy's roommate and I was over there quite a lot anyway. And why shouldn't I walk Julia home? It was also no big deal, especially since we weren't doing it. 

This walking home business soon evolved into hanging out for a bit and actually studying together, another perfectly innocent activity for college students taking Latin together on dull sunny afternoons, when neither of them have any intention of doing it. And then the studying led to a lot of laughing together and longer heart to heart conversations etc. etc., the kind of activity that is once again perfect acceptable between friends who aren't doing it.

So that's basically the gist of it. Like I said, nothing momentous, just pretty ordinary stuff. 

But oh! 

You might be curious about the details of that afternoon and how we came so extremely close in our decision not to do it.

Let's see ... if I remember correctly, it started with a look. Not just an ordinary look, mind you, but one of those long and lingering ones. 

We were in the middle of parsing verbs. This is normally an extremely boring activity as a general rule, but that day the conversation had been revolving around somewhat naughty topics. She was laughing about hearing Christy and I having sex together because we were too damn loud, and she also brought up some of the boastful things her roommate had told her. And then, she was quizzing me about whether or not Kevin did any "talking." So our minds were already running in spicy directions in spite of Latin grammar homework. 

It was then that she gave me the look. 

I recognized it immediately, and you certainly would have as well had she given it to you. It was a sort of long and lingering look at my lips, which said simply, "I really just want to kiss you right now."

My eyes widened a little, but she didn't see that immediately. It was almost like she was unconscious of her look for a few moments. Then she realized what she was doing, quickly recollected herself and glanced up into my wide eyes to see whether I'd noticed.

She noticed me noticing.

I swallowed. 

She blushed slightly and looked back down at her book, quickly asking what I'd put down for the next word in our exercises.

Now folks, I wasn't a frat rat for nothing. In fact, I think that it's fair to say that I pretty much lived by the whole carpe diem motto, seize the day and all that. And though it usually took a weekend, some money, dancing, and a little alcohol for the happy seizing of pleasure to commence, this was a mighty fine woman sitting in front of me; and this mighty fine woman had just given me an incredible signal, albeit unintentionally. So it didn't take very long for my mind, after that initial surprise, to start running like a race horse down a particular track. It also didn't take long parts of my anatomy a little further south to start kicking into gear either, ... maybe ten seconds.

I didn't answer her question about the verb.

She looked back up at me, nervously.

"You were just looking at my lips," I said, with a little playful tease in my voice.

"I was not," she lied, her color deepening.

I smirked and snickered at her. She unconsciously looked at my lips again and then quickly looked away in consternation.

"You just did it again," I said.

She opened and closed her mouth for a moment and then met my eyes, "That's because you said I did before, when I didn't. It was a perfectly natural thing to do."

We looked at each other for a moment, and then both of us just laughed. 

While I was laughing, adrenaline suddenly surged through my body and I could immediately feel definite electricity in the room as she looked at my lips yet a third time. 

"Anyway," she shrugged, still looking, "So what if I was, you're a handsome guy, and it's not like you'll ever actually do anything about it."

She said it with a playful grin playing across her face and I thought to myself, "Now if that wasn't an invitation, I have absolutely no idea what is."

It was decision time. Do I make a move on her or not? 

My cock, incidentally, had actually already made it's decision. It was hard as a rock and now painfully restrained in my jeans. And it didn't take more than a few seconds for my cock to convince my brain to follow it's lead.

I stood up. Stretched toward the ceiling and then sort of sauntered around the table. She watched me with a twinkle in her eye. I leaned down close, looked her right in the eyes and asked, "Is that a dare?" 

She smirked and raised her chin slightly. I leaned closer. Our lips just brushed and then parted for some gentle first kisses. She wrinkled her nose after a few moments, giggled and said, "You have Dr. Pepper breath."

"So do you," I grinned.

"Let's brush our teeth," she said.

We quickly stood and went to the hall bath. I had a toothbrush there already, for Christy's benefit, not Julia's, since Julia and I were not doing it. We brushed. Julia's hands were trembling a little with excitement. I couldn't help but notice. And she couldn't help but notice the insanely aching hard-on at the front of my jeans.

Julia gargled some mouthwash and spit it out after handing the bottle to me. I did the same, and now happily refreshed, she sat on the vanity in front of me and said, "Now what were you saying to me?"

Shit the things that happened in the next few minutes on our way to not doing it! 

It was pure heaven: Tongues dancing, pulses racing, fingers in my belt loops pulling me tight against her, legs wrapping, groins grinding eagerly, body arching back, biting her neck, fingers shaking, lifting her shirt up, bra clasp undone, breasts free, body arching further back, shoulders against the mirror, my hand massaging one soft mound, lips and teeth catching the flesh of the other, nipples hardening. Yes ... it was heaven, this not doing it together.

Julia pulled me tight with her legs and thrust her pelvis out for me to grind with her. The fingers of one hand tunneled through my hair as she pulled my mouth down more firmly against her breast. She definitely wanted me to suck it harder and I was happy to comply, even as I thrust my jean clad manhood against her jean clad flower in the sweet motions of not actually doing it together.

It was then that she had her first orgasm with me. She stiffened and let out several short gasps followed by a delicious groan as the hot waves of pleasure swept through her body.

When it was over, she relaxed and eased me back a little. She looked at me, her eyes slightly dazed with pleasure. "You're not done are you?" she asked with slightly breathless hope. When you're not doing it together you sometimes have to ask questions like that, I guess. Then squeezing her legs, she felt the reassuring hardness pressed against her sweet spot.

"No," I said with a grin.

"Good," she grinned back. 

Then she suddenly unwrapped her legs and pushed me back as she slid off the vanity. Julia leaned forward and kissed me hard and deep as she began unbuttoning my shirt. I shrugged it off and her fingers were everywhere on my chest for a few moments. And then ... oh yes ... I felt them traveling down to my waist. She quickly undid my belt and thrust my pants and boxers down freeing my anxiously throbbing cock. Without breaking our kiss, I felt her hands run lovingly over my length, feeling it happily and pausing at the bottom to gently cup my balls.

I closed my eyes and moaned in her mouth. She snickered and then her mouth left mine and began traveling down, over my neck and chest, down to my abs. As she bent, my pants and boxers slid further; and then ... oh ........ my ..............yes! Soft lips encircling ... tongue teasing and ... playing.

Yes, not doing it with Julia was wonderfully intense. I think I could stand not doing it with her quite often, in fact.

Though, I'm not exactly sure what happened next. Can you blame me!?!?

There was a river of pleasure. Not a smooth meandering peaceful stream, but a rapids, a turbulent rapids that sent shivers of delight through my body as Julia sucked and played. 

She stopped before I burst, though, and then sat back and quickly stripped off her own jeans. Julia left her panties in place, probably because she already had it in her head that we were not doing it that afternoon and she was not going to cheat on her boyfriend with her roommate's man. And then she was standing again, her lips seeking the heat of mine as I felt her naked breasts pressing hard against my own flesh.

After that, we ended up in her bedroom. I think that I carried her there, but I'm not sure. At any rate, somehow we got there, and then in the missionary there were her legs wrapped tightly about me, heels locked on the back of my thighs, followed by breathless feverish kissing, equally feverish bumping and grinding; and finally after a few minutes, the conversation that started this whole story.

Yep, that's pretty much how Julia and I came to the point of not doing it.

Except ... now that I think about it, I'm not totally sure that we were not doing it. 

You see ... the underside of my cock had been pressed hard against her clitoris with the tip somewhere up by her belly button, and I am certain that was not doing it. I think we can all agree to that. But then wanting more, I'd raised up and backed down on her so that the tip was now driving for home against the fabric of her panties, pressing in between those pretty pink lower lips.

- I say they were pretty and pink. I actually hadn't seen them yet, so I'm really just making an assumption at that point. The only thing I really knew for certain about her sweet spot just then was that the musky smell of her sex was divine as it filled the air and proclaimed her excitement. - 

And so, as I was driving towards home in our efforts to not to do it, I'm pretty certain that I was actually pressing the evil cotton barrier inside of her with the tip of my piece. - Her panties felt totally wet, by the way.

Now some people will debate whether or not this is considered "doing it", and that's why I say that I'm not totally sure that we weren't actually doing it even as we were agreeing to not do it.

And then ... well ... there's the whole question of whether or not there was an actual agreement to not do it. I told you earlier that she said, "You don't want to do it, ... do you ... cause ... we probably ... shouldn't." Now why does a girl say something like that? Is it because she doesn't want to do it, or because she does want to do it? Is she talking herself out of it? Or is she really game and just measuring your feelings?

To this statement I responded by shaking my head in agreement cause I couldn't talk just then. 

But what does that mean? Am I agreeing that we shouldn't or that we should? You have admit that it was all kind of vague.

Julia thought it was vague too. She laughed in my mouth after I shook my head and said between more kisses, "What ... does ... that mean?"

I managed to find my voice at some point and much to her delight, I responded with, "I don't know."

I say "much to her delight" because she laughed out loud, obviously delighted.

And so we continued on, bodies pressed tightly together in the blissfully muddled vagary of not actually doing it and neither of us really knowing whether or not we would be doing it soon. 

Unless, of course, you think that pressing in slightly through the panties is doing it. Then I guess you would have to say that we were doing it, all the while believing that we weren't doing it, and still wondering whether or not we would soon be doing it in a slightly more in depth kind of way.

Shit ... where was I?

Oh yeah, I remember. I started shaking. It's true. When I get really excited, I start shaking like crazy, and I had been building up a steam engine of excitement for about fifteen to twenty minutes. Julia had never experienced my "shakes" before and apparently it made her quite happy. She grinned and pulled me tighter. She circled her hips beneath my cock devilishly. And we were still ... not doing it!

Something had to change and fast. I knew that if I could sort of back my cock off to the edge of those wicked cotton panties, maybe I could do a little hook and jive and get inside of them ... so that ... we could still be not doing it together ... but just ... not doing it a little more closely.

I made an attempt at the hook and jive maneuver during an especially important exploration of the roof of her mouth with my tongue, in order to see whether or not it was ticklish. The exploration succeeded but the maneuver failed. A cock is not nearly as deft as fingers, after all - My fingers, incidentally were busy gripping her shoulder and ass in an attempt to deal with the shakes. 

Julia laughed again after the exploration broke. "I thought we weren't doing it?" she said amused. "Or ... did you mean the other way."

"I just want to be closer," I said, enjoying the lack of clarity between us far too much to try and fix it now.

She grinned, bit my lip and wriggled a hand down between us as I raised up a little on my knees. She hooked her panties with her thumb and pulled them over to the side, allowing my hardness inside so it could be ... closer.

She withdrew her hand and elastic of her panties snapped back over the side and top of my cock, as it joined her inside of them. Then she kissed me deeply again and we went back to pure joy of not doing it together.

Damn it was a beautiful moment.

How did it end? 

Well after a while, Julia arched beneath me. She pulled my shaking hands up and locked her fingers tightly in mine above her head. I could feel the tip of my cock pressed against her clitoral hood. It would have taken so very ... very ... very little effort at that point to no longer not be doing it together.

Julia, eyes closed, bit my lower lip, sighed with pleasure and wriggled her hips just ... a little bit ... more ... in a certain direction.

Apparently she had just made a decision to not not be doing it any longer. Her lower lips parted around me, and I slid deep inside of her.

***Author's note: True story*** 