 With this latest story, I reach a milestone of sorts – it will be my 550th submission to LIT. When I started all those years ago, I would never have imagined that when I began this journey – was it really over a decade ago? - I would write so much kinky stuff. Nor did I expect to earn so many fans to whom I am grateful or have it lead to a career. I am far from done – so keep reading, there is much more on the way. Please know your continuing patronage is very much appreciated. ~~ BrettJ – July 2016

*****

There she was again – the girl. Brent didn't know her name and he didn't need to. She wasn't his type – not his type at all. So why couldn't he stop staring at her? What drew his attention to this young woman day after day?

She sat in the same spot every day and it was likely the only thing the two of them had in common. Brent didn't like change; he didn't like it a bit. He always sat in the seat behind the bus driver and he hated it if someone else was sitting there. He never would ask them to move, but having to sit in a different seat made him uncomfortable. He especially hated it when the bus was full and he had to share. Brent liked to stretch across the two seats and enjoy the leg room. He took the bus to save wear and tear on his cars and to people watch, a habit of his since his youth.

She drew his eye every time, situated across from him. She sure wasn't like Belinda, although that was likely a good thing, given how that had turned out. For the first time ever in his life, Brent was prepared to make a change. Belinda had snared his heart and he was ready to make a commitment to someone – and then, his new girlfriend up and vanished.

She didn't dump him – she just vanished. Moved out on her roommate, stopped answering her phone, her cell, her texts and her E-Mails. The petite blonde vanished off the face of the earth as if she had never existed. As if she had never been a part of Brent's life. He didn't think anything before in his life had felt that awful. A year later and it still stung like the worst betrayal of his life – which it had been. They hadn't been together for a year when it happened and still, she had to know what such a thing would do to a person. How could a human being with any sort of heart do that to another human being?

The girl sitting across from him – she likely was kinder than that, she looked kind, if unorthodox with her punky pink hair and her leather pants and gauzy blouse. She had a heart tattoo on her back, on the left shoulder blade – Brent had seen that yesterday. She was tiny and he liked his women tall, although Belinda had been on the petite side. She was Asian and Brent tended to favor blondes. None of that really mattered because he wasn't interested in – whoever she was – he was just observing the girl. She was a girl too, probably in her early twenties. Brent usually dated women close to his own age, 30. Belinda had been 25 and that had worked for them – no, it hadn't. He had to stop being dishonest – obviously, nothing had worked or Belinda would still be in his life. If he only knew WHY ...

The bus lurched, breaking Brent's musings and sending the girl's groceries every which way. His mother had raised a gentleman, so he helped her pick them up. She smiled at him and he noticed perfect teeth. "Thank you so very much," she beamed at him and scowled at the other passengers who had not budged to assist. "My name's Tina, that was very kind of you, Mister ..."

"I'm Brent," he smiled, minding his manners. "Think nothing of it; it was the right thing to do."

"Yes, it was," she looked at everyone else. "It was still worthy of a coffee. I get off at the same stop as you do; may I take you to Matter of Taste and buy you one?"

"How did you ...?"

"My friend, Alicia, works there. She talks about you a lot and when I started seeing you on the bus, I put two and two together. We live close to the café, come on, I don't bite and I really could use some coffee," Tina smiled again.

Brent knew Tina, a willowy and somewhat exotic brunette with lousy taste in men, if the oaf she was talking to yesterday was any indication. He decided it wouldn't hurt to have coffee with Tina, coffee wouldn't hurt anyone. He wasn't pursuing a relationship, he was just having coffee. There was no future with a girl like Tina, they were unlikely candidates. After all, Brent was who he was and Tina – well, she was Tina.

However, as the new friends began conversing, the two of them seemed to have a great deal in common. In fact, Brent discovered that she had far more in common with Tina than he ever had with Belinda. They shared several interests in common, including Anime. To his great surprise, Tina had actually done voice-over work for several Anime studios, in both English and Japanese, in which she was fluent. She had even worked on a few Hentai videos, which she readily confessed to him. Tina was actually quite delightful and didn't seem to have any guile to her. She played it close to the vest while still being quite open about herself. Brent didn't pry, but didn't have to. She was quite happy to talk about herself and her life, which was starting to interest him.

"I live life on my own terms," Tina smiled as she leaned in close. "I make no apologies for past mistakes, although I do try to learn from them. I dress how I like, act how I like and I usually go for what I want."

"I admire that," Brent said truthfully. "More people need to be like you and not be concerned with what other people think. I don't have that quality myself; I care too much about what other people think. Of course, I was raised in a very traditional home," he concluded.

"Believe it or not, so was I," Tina laughed. "You'd never know it to look at me, but my parents were traditional Asian parents. I couldn't take it anymore and rebelled."

"Oh, is that so? How did you `rail against the machine'?" Brent asked, interested. Despite his inclination not to get too involved with Tina, he was finding her absolutely fascinating. She might be tattooed and a bit "punky" - although the proper term might correctly be New Wave, but she was an individual with a unique perspective. Under the gaudy layers, she also happened to be a very attractive young woman with a terrific body. Brent tried a bit harder to relax and just go with the flow. What would it hurt to learn something new and experience something off the beaten path?

"I'm outspoken, I'm loud, I'm a bit naughty and daring and I don't take shit from anyone," Tina said to Brent. She leaned closer and showed a bit more of her sexy little figure. "I know I've got a great body and I like to strut my stuff. Even a guy like you can't help noticing me. I bet that if I offered, you'd fuck me in a heartbeat."

Brent was momentarily taken aback, yet he was not about to let this saucy little minx get the upper hand. "Why Tina, are you offering?" He smiled gently.

The petite beauty laughed out loud and then took a good hard look at the attractive, slightly older gentleman. He wasn't her usual type, but he was nice, quick-witted, easy on the eyes and it had been a long time. She crossed her slender legs and a quick little smile crossed her face. "I think I might be," Tina concluded. "The ball's in your court, now."

Brent wasn't quite sure what to make of this. Tina wasn't his type, not by a long shot and still, he found her sexy, funny and incredibly alluring. While he considered himself a free thinker, he would have had to admit he had a few preconceptions about women such as Tina. Now he wondered what she would be like in bed. He realized that he was being a selfish prick. Despite her exterior, Tina deserved to be treated with courtesy. She wasn't just some random piece of ass and he wasn't going to treat her like one.

"Okay, then," Brent nodded. "On one condition – we go out on a real date first. To lunch or dinner, where we can talk some more and get to know each other."

Tina's sweet little face scrunched up into an odd look. Then, her expression changed and broke into a huge, wide grin. "I guessed we misjudged each other, handsome," Tina said to him. "I thought that you were the kind of guy who was just out for a good time with a gal like me." When he went to explain, the younger woman put a slender finger to his lips. "It isn't a complaint, it's an observation. You've just presented me with a very pleasant surprise. I think that I would love to go on a date with you. When?"

They made arrangements and for reasons that would have astounded the Brent of a few days ago, he found himself very much looking forward to it. In fact, Brent was actually whistling a happy tune as he exited the café. There was something about Tina that transcended his usual preconceptions. Brent wanted to know her better and not just because she was flirty and hot. Had he merely been in pursuit of intimacy, that had already been offered. He liked her as a person, she was fun and quirky and he wanted to know that girl on a different level.

He decided to pull out all of the stops and take Tina to an elegant restaurant. He was going to show off a little and wanted to impress his pretty young date. Deciding on a charcoal grey suit, he made sure that his shoes were polished and he got a haircut. He wasn't going to treat Tina any differently than any other date he might have, although something about her was different. Something about Tina made him uneasy, but in a good way. It was the unexpected that kept Brent on edge, but in a good way.

The night of the date, Brent made sure everything was just where it was supposed to be. He even made a small stop to purchase a tiny bouquet of flowers. Was he going over the top? Perhaps, but why not have some fun with this? Upon arrival at Tina's apartment, which was surprisingly large, he actually felt nervous. When Tina opened the door, his nervousness increased a few degrees.

The off-beat girl had almost vanished. She was in a pretty, short pink summery dress and sexy high heels. Only her still-pink hair and a visible tattoo spoke of the girl Brent had spent time with a few days earlier. Even her smile seemed friendlier and more genuine. He was drawn to her and when she smiled and thanked him for the flowers, he was glad that he had made the extra effort. With her arm linked through his, Brent felt as if he was truly lucky to be with Tina, as if he didn't deserve the honor of her company.

"You haven't said a word," Tina whispered as they walked towards Brent's Mercedes. "Do I look that weird?"

"My God, no!" Brent burst out, causing a tiny ripple of laughter to emerge from his date. "Quite the opposite, you look stunning. I'm a bit taken aback, I suppose."

"I can do stunning when I want to," Tina grinned with a sense of smug satisfaction. She herself was surprised by Brent's kindness and for the effort he was making on her behalf. A lot of men only saw her surface and made assumptions. He was treating her the way a man should treat any young lady and she liked it. She liked him and the fact that he was not just seeing a naughty, punky girl and as someone with depth. Now Tina found herself more intrigued by this charming, older man – and turned on just as much.

At dinner, she seemed to charm everyone and Brent wasn't sure if he was out with another woman entirely. She was sassy, yet charming and elegant and wonderful with their servers. He would have bet money he was out with a different girl if he hadn't caught sight of a naughty twinkle in her almond eyes and the way she kept moving in her seat so that she could show off her perky tits. Brent was going to be a gentleman and treat her with respect, but now he would have admitted to having an ulterior motive. He very much wanted to fuck sexy Tina and not just tonight. He was interested in the sexy, intelligent woman behind the façade of punkish party girl. She had depth and style and wit. Brent didn't honesty understand it himself, but he was absolutely smitten with Tina.

"You've gone quiet again," Tina commented as they went for a stroll in the cool night air. "Am I doing something wrong?"

"No, no, far from that," Brent responded quickly. "I'm all tongue-tied around you, I can't think of anything sensible to say when I'm in your presence."

"I can think of something you can do with your tongue besides talking," Tina retorted before shooting her own, agile little tongue into his mouth and hugging him tightly. She was surprisingly strong for such a petite girl and also surprisingly passionate as she demonstrated her affections. "In fact, if we're doing it right, we won't have time to talk very much," she added as she moved coyly away from her date.

"We don't have to do anything tonight, I enjoyed spending time with you and would like to go out again," Brent protested. He meant every word of it; he enjoyed Tina's companionship and wanted to keep her around as a friend. She scowled for a brief second.

"Oh, you can count on us going out again, gorgeous," she grinned at a perplexed Brent. "You're too big a catch to throw away. But I knew the last time I wanted to sleep with you and I wanted it to be memorable. We're going back to my place and by the time I finish with you, you'll be wearing a very weary, but very large, grin." She tugged Brent's arm and pulled him close again. Her next kiss made the first one look chaste.

Brent would not have dared to protest now, Tina was horny for him and he wasn't sure if he himself could walk straight. Her apartment wasn't far from the restaurant so she had walked there. His choice of car impressed the already-impressed Tina.

"You have a Shelby Cobra?" Tina gasped as her escort opened the door for her. "So why do I always see you on the bus?"

"Actually, I have 3 of them," Brent admitted sheepishly. "I like classic cars. I want to take care of them and I don't need to drive to work, so it saves wear and tear on the vehicle, plus the cost of gas. And it's better for the environment."

Tina seemed to be even more excited at his latest revelation and when they reached her apartment, it seemed for a few seconds as if she didn't want to get out of the car. When she did, her skirt rode up, revealing her sexy legs. Brent was fairly certain she had done it on purpose, as well as adding the sexy little wiggle as they entered her building. He made a mental note that he was going to bring all of his skills into play tonight. Whatever he needed to do to get Tina off, he was fine with that. She was sex in high heels, plus a few added options.

They were barely in her apartment when Tina did a little shimmy that left her dress in a puddle on the floor. He was surprised at the elegance of the lingerie she had worn underneath it, plus how her golden skin seemed to glow in the lighting of her apartment. It didn't seem at all like Tina herself, it was immaculate, fun and classy. His new friend seemed to anticipate his reaction. "I have several layers," she said while throwing her arms around his neck. "I'm like a sexy, horny little onion," she giggled.

"Sexy yeah, although not sure about the onion part," Brent retorted. "I don't think I'd want to bite an onion."

"So, do you wanna bite me?" Tina smiled as she took Brent's bottom lip between her teeth and teased him. "Be careful, I bite back."

"I'm counting on it," Brent swatted her ass playfully. He had read Tina correctly, the petite beauty responded well to his horseplay.

"I'm going to change your life, count on it," Tina both promised and threatened. Brent wasn't sure just how to tell her that she already had. Every funky, crazy little thing about Tina intrigued him. He was sure that he could spend years with someone like Tina and not discover every facet of her character. He was in no hurry to go anywhere and he hoped that the sexy, Asian nymph would allow him to explore further.

"It's time to get this show on the road," Tina proclaimed. Instead of walking to her bedroom, the lovely younger girl dropped to her knees and unzipped Brent's pants. She fished out his cock and gasped in delight. "Ooh, a nice, big fat one, yum-yum!" She exclaimed before inhaling the entirety of his cock.

Brent was taken momentarily aback by Tina's impulsive nature, yet he wasn't stupid enough to complain. Her spontaneity excited him and her mad skills at fellatio were a delight. He tangled his fingers up in her thick mane of hair, urging her on. For whatever reason, it excited the younger girl and made her that much more enthusiastic. She sucked and slurped madly on his cock until Brent exploded in her sucking mouth. She didn't even spill a drop or leave a trace on his trousers. Standing back up again, she kissed his lips. With anyone else, Brent might have been reluctant to do so. With Tina, her kinky desires were a part of her allure.

There was still a goodly amount of little girl in Tina, which she proved in the way she ran now to the bedroom. Her little thong was molded to her perfect butt, which Brent could see was perfect from the saucy little way she wiggled it as she scampered away. A girlish peal of laughter rang out as she plopped herself on the bed, then stretched out to reveal her naughty little charms. She simply had to know what a glorious little sexpot she was.

"I can't wait for us to fuck!" Tina enthused as she unashamedly displayed her charms. "I bet that you're a tiger in bed, no man has ever lasted as long as you did after one of my blowjobs."

Brent was pleasantly surprised to hear this. He would have assumed some of Tina's younger paramours had more stamina and that appeared not to be the case. He took the younger girl in his arms and embraced her, smothering her with passionate kisses. Tina drove him wild; there was no sense in denying it. He longed to prove himself worthy of her favors by acting with abandon. He didn't want to appear too overeager and Tina wasn't voicing any objections. Instead, as he covered her petite frame with ardent kisses and undressed her, her only reactions were the squeals of delight and her tiny fists banging on his back and asking for more. To that request, he was eager to comply.

"Oh fuck, oh God, eat my pussy baby, eat my fucking pussy!" Tina snarled as she tangled her hands in Brent's thick hair. He was only too happy to comply with her request as he was dying to experience all intimacies with his newest lover. Her sweet little face was all scrunched up as he moved his way down her now-naked body to the sweet spot. In for a penny, in for a pound and he went at her with every trick he had ever learned.

Those must have been some good tricks, because Tina was even noisier at this point and her nails dug into her shoulder blades. She was trying to thrash about the spacious bed, yet Brent held her firmly in place as he licked and lapped at the depths of her pussy. No way was Tina going anywhere until he had gotten her off the way she had done him. Even if this was a one-time thing (and both knew it wasn't) she would remember all of it if Brent had his way.

Her taste was like Tina herself, a bit sweet yet still spicy. Brent loved to show off his oral skills and past lovers had indeed commented on them. Tina's tiny frame arched high in the air as she squealed with orgasm, and then she landed on the bed with a loud thud, out of action for a few minutes.

"Oh Christ, that was good," Tina managed to gasp as she began looking around for something.

"What are you looking for?" Brent questioned her.

"My handcuffs," Tina teased him. "No way I'm letting someone as good as you get away. I'm going to chain you to the bed, I'll keep you here and feed you, but you're my prisoner now."

"Cute," Brent scoffed as Tina got on top of his body and kissed him. Despite the large difference in their height, it seemed that they fit together well. Tina began grinding on him and his cock began to stiffen again. Of course, Tina could likely have wakened the dead with her skill set.
