 My watch seemed to move slower as the minutes dragged on. I had been waiting at the neighborhood pub, tapping my boot on the brass rail and nursing a pint of beer. The bartender had been prodding me for at least a half hour, "So, when do we get to meet this mystery woman from Nashville?" 

Her grin gave me a bit of comfort. I had been one of Brittney's customers ever since I came back to the American south, some three months while I reconnected with family and met my nieces and nephews for the first time. "She should be arriving any minute really." I chuckled nervously and took another long drink from the sweating glass in front of me. I was dressed plainly today, boot cut jeans with patches of wear from working outside in the sun and dust. My faded shirt had an old slogan across the front with a portrait of skeletal angels gathering around a signal fire. "Don't bite the hand that feeds" 

I wondered if the black combat boots I was wearing would be a bit much. First impressions could make or break a meeting like this and I had done a good job so far. My phone and email accounts were full of flattering messages and freely shared details about my mystery woman's wants and desires. Several times, she had sent me messages and random notes that nearly made me blush while I worked on idle chores through the day. The expectation was high and I had every intent to deliver an unforgettable get away for my Southern Belle. 

Glancing around the bar, I noticed there were very few people present on this lazy afternoon. The locals must be picking up on my signal and staying out of the way for a change. Neon signs buzzed overhead and the flickering of wall mounted televisions sent flashes across the side of my phone that made me think there was some kind of message waiting for me. 

I sighed and took a deep breath. "Hey Brittney, you think I could get one more beer and my usual shot?" She nodded and smiled, her eyes stopping on something just over my shoulder. 

"Better make that two hun. I have a feeling this boy needs to calm his nerves down." I recognized the voice at once. It was the bouncy rhythm and friendly tone that could disarm you in a heartbeat that gave her away. 

I spun my stool around and saw those big, blue tinted eyes that had only been a phantom on my computer screen some moments before. It was hard not to notice them, set into flawless skin and a crop of wavy almond colored hair. Her broad smile and outstretched arms were all I managed to catch sight of, before she wrapped around me and planted a big kiss on my cheek. 

"Babe, you are just as cute as those pictures you teased me with!" She said playfully with a hand on the side of my face. 

"How long have you been here? I didn't even see you come in!" I choked out my startled response. Brittney arrived with another beer and two chilled shots just then. She winked at me and purposefully walked away from us to tend to something at the other end of the bar. This was her "Go get her, tiger" signal for me. 

Tiffany raised an eyebrow to the shots as a kind of challenge. Obliging, I grabbed my drink and toasted her shot. "Well, welcome to hick town USA." She giggled and slammed the shot nearly as fast as I did. Sitting next to me, she stuck her hands between her thighs and shrugged, "Well, here I am.." Her smile hadn't left those full, pouty lips since she caught sight of me. This was going better than I expected. 

"Yes you are. You look a lot better in the flesh. It helps that I can reach over and actually touches you." I winked at her and tried to break the ice. She draped her purse over one of the hooks and settled into her seat. After a deliberate look at me from head to toe, she plopped a straw into her cocktail and raised it to her mouth. "If you play your cards right, you just might get to touch as much as you want."

Her words rolled like gathering storm clouds and had the softness of freshly crushed velvet. I couldn't help but notice the look in her eyes shifting to that of a woman who had just found a proper steak that she planned to devour. We had carried on from out first meeting on a website regularly for at least two months. This meeting was anticipated from about the first week of those late night messages and phone calls. 

We talked about various "nothings" for a while longer. Her trip was alright, if not a bit boring. The city was larger than she was expecting, comments and compliments from each of us towards the other. Even without the alcohol, it would be hard to ignore the rise in my temperature that this woman was creating in me. I caught myself staring at the hint of cleavage that teased me from her plunging neckline. The hips that I had praised so many times before, swiveled and begged for my hands as she shifted in her seat now and then. 

Classic country songs rattled in the background as she giggled at the way I said certain words, making me repeat them so she could hear the odd, jumble of accents that melted into my mannerisms. She assured me each time that it was adorable, making me blush now and then in front of the grinning old men at the end of the bar. 

It must have been an hour later, when she got up to plug some more money into the jukebox and continue my Tennessee country education. Brittney swooped in and found some reason to adjust the ashtrays in front of me. Leaning in she whispered, "You know she likes you right? You'd be kinda dumb if you let that slip away right?" I nodded and thanked her, dropping another handful of singles into the tip jar. The timing may not have been right, but I was having trouble restraining myself as I turned and watched her picking out a few songs and shaking that blue jean covered ass. I slapped down enough money to more than cover us both and carefully approached her from the side. 

Leaning in close enough to whisper in her ear, my senses were filled with the smell of her perfume. "Why don't we duck out of here? See if I can make you come a couple times before the sun sets?" She stopped her music selection in mid air, and shot me a look of surprise and eager agreement. "I was thinking the same thing handsome." She said as she planted a quick, delicate kiss on my lips. 

It was the first contact and it shot a tingle of excitement and pleasure through my limbs. She snatched her purse and headed up the stairs towards the exit. I kept pace with her, but just far enough behind that I could watch her climb each step. My self control gave way in the blink of an eye and I planted a playful slap directly on the side of her rump, like a cowboy trying to startle the neighbor's horse. Her playful squeal and comment about me being a "bad boy" was music to my ears. 

The car ride back to the hotel where she was checked in was filled with playful conversation, "Just what are you expecting when you get back to this room with little ol' me huh?" She jabbed. 

I had sneaked a hand onto her thigh as I drove, noting how warm she was to the touch. "Expecting? I'm not expecting anything. I'm forecasting you getting out of those pants as quickly as possible." I was grinning like the Cheshire Cat and nearly drooling at the thought of peeling her out of her clothes. We parked and made our way across the parking lot, she paused and fished the key from her purse, planting it in the door. 

I grabbed the back of her shirt and spun her around, her eyes went wide and her lips quivered with excitement. Grasping her hips, I pulled her in for a deep kiss. Her breath was hot with need and sexual fire. She dug her fingernails into my shoulders and brushed her cheek against mine. "Damn! You turn me on SO much!" She said in a soft tone as she opened the door to her room. 

I couldn't tell you much about the layout of the room. My target was in sight and I was busily making sure she shed her clothing. My boots came off quickly, as did her shoes and blouse. She sat on the bed and wiggled out of her jeans as I undid my belt buckle and ripped it from my pants, sending a snap of crisp leather through the room. I was down to my underwear and crawling over her as she slid backward and shook off her bra. Like a man dying of hunger, I gripped a breast with one hand and squeezed the nipple slightly, guiding the other breast into my mouth. Her skin tasted sweet and fragrant on my tongue. Her nipple hardened as it brushed against my teeth, her chest raising as she breathed in deeply and stoked my back with her hands. I was lying on top of her, pressed against her crotch and the warm, moist layer of silk that separated me from her willing body. I continued to work her breast with my palm and gently suckle the nipple with my lips. Her breathing was getting heavy and each exhale punctuated with a whimper. She was working herself up as quickly as I could think of the next part of her to explore. I ground my throbbing cock against her panties and felt the wet flesh separate and try to give way to my intrusion. "Oh god babe...I like that...yes...just like that." 

Brightly colored fingernails left subtle marks on my shoulders and spine as she ground her hips against me. Her hot breath on the side of my neck stirred a beast in my chest, threatening to escape and tear the sheets to shreds. I lifted up and with a gleam in my eye, tore her panties at the side and flung them to the floor. She wasted no time pushing my underwear down and smothering me with a lusty kiss. Taking her hands in mine, I pinned them behind her head. I could feel her warm and soaking wet opening at the head of my cock and I thrust in all at once. Her back arched and pressed her head into the pillow as she let out a throaty moan. I was as deep as her body would allow and grinding against her in a slow, even rhythm. Every muscle inside of her was stroking me as I tried to push deeper. Her legs lifted and wrapped around my waist. 

I buried my face into the side of her neck, tasting the sweat and passion as it rolled off of her skin. "You're so hard baby!...I love it!...fuck me, come on fuck me!" I answered her request by pulling back and nearly taking myself out of her, thrusting again and again. The bed creaked and strained as the headboard thumped against the wall. I could feel her climax building as I attacked mercilessly. She was getting wetter by the second and her pussy grasped me like a new hunting glove. Her mouth opened and eyes slammed shut, but no sound crossed her glistening lips. Veins in her neck throbbed as she strained against my grip on her hands. She gasped and jolt shot through her legs. "Don't stop baby, don't stop...Ohhh don't stop!" she commanded me and turned her head to the side. 

I might not have a choice if she kept talking to me like this. The feel of her body beneath mine was pulling at my last bit of self control. Her breasts bounced with every thrust and her legs shook and tightened around my waist. 

Sensing that she was on the verge of coming, I let go of her hands and braced myself on the mattress, pounding her body like a parade drum. She wrapped her arms around my shoulders and pressed her forehead against mine. Ragged breathing gave way to howl of pleasure as she gave in to my assault. She was coming hard, and I watched as she bit her lip and stifled her moans. 

I lifted myself away when she had stopped convulsing and gently pulled out of her, laying to the side and trying to catch my breath. "So..." she said in between panting "you're gonna do that to me all day? Hell! You're gonna do that to me for a couple days!" Her playful tone returned. 

I smiled at her and wiped the sweat from my face. I could scarcely find enough air to satisfy my burning lungs, let alone speak. She leaned over and noticed that I was still hard and throbbing. "Oh honey, we can't let that go to waste. You lay back and relax a little, it's my turn to go and have a little fun." I stuffed the pillow under my head and watched as she draped her chest across my hips. She had the head of my cock in her mouth and was giving it a gentle massage with the center of her tongue. My toes curled and uncurled with each careful motion, back and forth...back and forth. She had the base of my penis in her hand, guiding me through her wet mouth. 

"Oh wow, you're good at this..." I said in a shaky breath. I laid my head back down on the pillow and noticed her purse less than a foot away from my face. She had mentioned something to me before, and I wondered if it was here in the bedroom with us. 

Sure enough, there it was. That little blue tube of lubricant poking out of the interior pocket. I scooped it up and popped the lid open, squeezing a blob onto my fingers and dropping the tube to the floor. Her ass was beckoning me for attention. I smeared the oily liquid over my fingers and placed them carefully between her cheeks. She was moist with sweat, and I found the puckered opening easily. She paused and pulled me out of her mouth to gasp as I slid my fingers inside. I went slow, letting the muscles get used to my fingers. I pressed in, just above the first knuckles and lingered. She toyed the tip of my cock with her lips with a gentle kiss as I probed her ass. 

When she felt ready and relaxed, I reached down and grabbed the base of my cock. "Why don't you put that beautiful ass in the air for me?" I grinned and got up on my knees as she shifted position. She looked back over her shoulder and lifted her bum, her round cheeks opened just slightly, giving me a nice view. I inched closer and pressed the head of my cock into the slippery hole where my fingers had been just moments before. She grabbed the sheets with both hands and slowly pressed against me. Shuddering as she eased my cock into her ass. I waited for her to get into position as she would press back, wiggle from side to side a bit and press down on me again. She took every inch of me into that soft, velvety flesh...all the way down to the base. The sensation sent sparks of pleasure down my legs. I could feel my body wanting to indulge completely. I pulled back and pressed into her with a careful pace. It felt amazing! She could see the orgasm building in my face and she wiggled and squirmed against my hips. 

I'd done fine so far, but I was losing my hold. I slapped both of my hands onto her ass cheeks and exploded inside of her. She pressed her lips together tightly and squeezed my cock as I came for what seemed like an eternity. 

We laid there on the bed afterward, breathing heavy and making jokes about meeting strange people from the internet and hooking up with them in hotel rooms. I couldn't stop touching her and kissing every part I could get to easily. She would giggle and tell me what a "horndog" I was. 

I didn't disagree. Something about this woman turned me into a sex fiend. She seemed to be ok with it though. ;) 

-End