 It had been a very long day of meetings. We were both dying to get through the last session and get to the nearest drinking establishment. Passing notes back and forth as we sat, counting down the time, we manage to pack up and say our good byes quickly. In a flash, we are back at the hotel to change and meet in the lobby for dinner and drinks. Trying to get our minds off of day one of the conference and trying to not focus on day 2.

I finished quickly and went down to the lobby to get some suggestions from the concierge for good places for dinner and entertainment. I turn around as the elevator opens, my jaw drops. You look amazing in your skirt and blouse, but I do my best to hide my thrill. I am going to be the envy of every man with you being my date. After a quick hello and compliment on how nice you look, I give you the update on my suggestions for the evening.

We get seated quickly at the restaurant. Being a quiet weeknight, we end up in a quiet booth toward the back of the room. After a couple of drinks and an appetizer, our harmless co-worker conversation takes a slow turn down a long road. We continue through dinner covering any number of topics from preferences to fantasies to perversions. Although they are not all completely new topics, in this venue, they seem to have added power.

Finishing up dinner, you take to lead, asking me what is next. Teasingly, I tell you it is getting late and well past my bedtime. But, to keep you out of trouble, I will do my best to stay up longer. You lean in, whispering that it will take a lot more than me to keep you out of trouble tonight. You give me a shy little grin and step out of the booth and I cannot help but follow.

We walk down the street to a little bar. It seems like a nice place for a drink, so we stop in. It is a quiet, cozy place with a stage near the front. We take a table near the dance floor to the right of the stage. You order a glass of wine, I continue with Jack and Coke. As our conversation continue to get more stimulating, there begin to be activity around the stage.

As we finish our second round, the band is finishing warming up and you have made it clear you are very warm. I order us another round and you grab my hand, leading me to the dance floor. Our drinks barely get touched as we spend the next several hours dancing and flirting. Our intense conversation has faded, being replaced by intense eye contact and at times, even more intense dancing.

The band takes another break, so we head back to our table. I check the time and you ask if you are still keeping me up past my bedtime with a teasing smile. You tell me you are ready to leave, but not for bed. I ask for the check as you make a trip to the ladies room. As we head to the car, you slip something into my pocket and give me a quick kiss on the cheek, and tell me thank you for a fun evening.

We get into the car, I get settled and reach into my pocket and feel what can only be your satin panties. You say nothing as you sit down, adjusting yourself so your skirt slides up enough to show me the lace top of your stockings. As we pull away, you tell me you didn't think you would need them anymore and you thought I might appreciate the souvenir. You reach over grab my hand, placing it on your thigh with your hand on top. When I do not respond as quickly as you hope, you begin to caress my hand with your own.

I pull into the hotel parking lot, before I can turn the car off; you invite me to your room for a nightcap. I tell you I could never turn down an invitation like that. I follow you up to your room. As I walk in behind you, you immediately turn around shutting the door behind me, kissing me deeply and aggressively.

You kiss your way around my neck, finding my lips and again we kiss more, our tongues exploring. My hands caress your back. Running my fingers through your soft hair. Pulling you closer to me. Our tight embrace gets more and more passionate. I break our kiss to nibble and kiss your neck. I move to your ear and I tease your earlobe. I whisper how incredible you look and how badly I have wanted to hold you, to kiss you, to please you.

I lay you back on the bed, slowing down our passion, kissing you gently and deeply. I break our kiss to lick down your chest, unbuttoning your blouse slowly. Kissing every bit of your chest as I reveal your sexy bra. I take your blouse off and continue kissing you. Teasing your nipples through your bra enough to make them stiff, I continue my way down your stomach. Soft kissing and licks to the top of your skirt, teasing your belly button along the way.

You reach to unbutton your skirt but I pull your hands away. I continue kissing as my hands slide under your skirt, pushing it up to your hips. I smile at you as I expose your stockings. I kiss the skin on the insides of your thighs, breathing for you to feel me on your wet pussy. Light kisses and teasing you before I move down one of your stocking clad legs. All of the way down to your toes, kissing and massaging your legs and feet, I move back up the same leg, teasing your thigh before resuming my tour of your body down the other leg.

I finally move all of the way up to your lips so I can feel your body pressed against me. I kiss you deeply as we grind each other. As we kiss, you get me to roll on my side, and then eventually you move me to my back as you straddle me. You break our kiss to sit up and let me see all of your beauty. You reach down and begin to unbutton my shirt, slowly all of the way down to my pants. You finish pulling my shirt off and you kiss your way up my chest. The whole time you gently rock your hips against my cock and I feel your warmth against me.

You reach between your thighs undoing my belt and pants. You move next to me as you slide your hand down my pants massaging my stiff cock. You move your head to my waist as you slide my pants and boxers off of me. I shiver and moan softly as your tease me. Flicking your tongue lightly over me, I shiver more as you take me in your mouth. I run my fingers through your hair, enjoying the sensations of your mouth on me. You continue to tease me gently. Caressing me softly with your tongue. You move down my legs, leaving sweet kisses as your toss my pants away.

You kiss your way to my ear and whisper, "Fuck me with your tongue."

I reach for your waist, I position myself under you, wanting to feel you straddle my tongue. My hands caress your ass and thighs as my tongue explores all of your wetness. Sliding my tongue up and down you, teasing you, then down, entering you. You grind yourself against my tongue and mouth. Your moans encourage me to work even more, to get a bigger reaction from you. My hands glide up the back of your thighs and grab on to your ass tightly. Your moans get louder and my tongue moves faster as I enjoy all of you. My tongue moves down, entering you again. You lower yourself to let me get deeper in you. In a hurried voice, I moan and beg for you to cum on my tongue. Moving back to your clit, I hear you moan louder as you start to shudder. Focusing more, you scream out and I enjoy the pleasures of your orgasm.

You move down to kiss me, tasting yourself as well. You pull me on top of you, wrapping your legs around me tightly, pulling me into you slowly and deeply.

Pressed close to you, I slip in smoothly. Your tightness caresses me as we kiss deeply and our tongue dancing. Your legs wrapped around mine, directing the pace of my stroke, long, slow, deep. I feel you tighten down on me, not wanting me to pull out of you completely.

I break our kiss, taking a nipple into my mouth, massaging the other with my hand. Flicking it and twirling it with my tongue, I take it into my mouth, sucking it gently, then harder. Nibbling it, before moving to the other. The whole time I keep steady rhythm with your hips.

I sit up, resting on my knees, still in you. I spread your legs wide, holding your knees back with my arms. With a few more deep strokes, I cannot take it anymore. I moan as I tell you I am going to cum. I hear you encourage me to fill you, explode inside you. I feel you tighten on me as I cum, taking every drop from me.

We collapse together, kissing again. I move behind you, my cock resting between your thighs, as I kiss the back of your neck and reach around to massage your breasts. I whisper in your ear to wake me when you are ready for round two. Before I can even finish, you pull away from me and turn. Kissing down my stomach, going after my softening cock.

On your knees, leaning into me, tasting my cock. Licking our juices from it, my hands caress your thighs and the wetness dripping down them. In no time, I am stiff in your mouth. Your tongue and lips teasing me, sliding me in and out of your hot mouth as I work two fingers in your dripping pussy. I lean up to lick your thighs and tease your clit a little and my fingers massage inside of you. Hitting a sensitive spot, you lose focus on my cock and moan deeply. Continuing to use my fingers and my tongue you cum very quickly.

In a breathless voice, you demand me to fuck you from behind. Getting on my knees behind you, my hands grab your hips. You cry out as I enter you again, sliding quickly and hard inside. I feel your hand reach back between your thighs. I as ride you hard and fast. You beg for me to do it harder, deeper.

My hands still holding your hips tights, my thumb finds your ass. I caress and tease it, as my cock slams you harder. I warn you I am ready to explode, you demand it; want to feel my load shoot in you. As my cock spasms you continue rocking your hips hard against me.

I lean over you, kissing your back. Pulling you up to meet and kiss me as my cock softens, we fall back in bed, catching our breathes in each others arms.