 This is my first erotic story, so I'm still learning. I welcome constructive feedback.

***

Jake was a guy I had been friends with for a long time. I never really thought of him as a man, really. Honestly, he was always just around. He was friends with my roommate, as well as me, so he had a key to the house. Sometimes he would come over and do our dishes or mow the lawn while we were at work. He was clearly not "dangerous man" material. 

After a few years, he and I got into the habit of snuggling on the couch. I have always had really cold toes, and I would squish my toes under his thigh to keep them warm. From there, it was hugging whenever we saw one another. I thought this was all so innocent; after all, I was 21 years old, so was he, and I had been with plenty of men. I thought I would know if he was interested in me sexually. In fact, he acted more like a brother towards me, or so I thought.

Jake was a large man, but not in the fat sense; he was in the military reserves and had bulked up as a consequence. He was strong enough to really hurt someone if he chose to, but he was so kind and sincere that hurting someone wasn't much of an option for him. Snuggling with him, then, felt safe in every sense of the word.

One night, we were snuggling on the couch as usual. By this time, he would sit up with his legs stretched out, and I would sit between his legs. He'd wrap his arms around me, and I'd rest my head on his chest, which was considerable. That's exactly what we were doing. We had rented a movie, and were watching it late at night. I was half-asleep when I felt his hand move towards my right breast.

His hand moved from my belly, where he had had his hands laced, then up my side to the outer edge of my breast. He worked slowly, but Jake was not fumbling; he knew precisely what he was doing. His touch was light and purposeful. I was a bit confused. Was this really Jake, the man who I never considered as dating material?

I didn't have time to consider that answer coherently, because now he was nibbling my earlobe gently but insistently. I squirmed, and his hand more firmly grasped my breast, working his fingers around my nipple through the shirt and bra. I moaned, and felt him smile against my ear. 

I couldn't resist any more; I needed to kiss him. I tilted my head back as far as it would go, then his mouth found mine. We took turns exploring the other's mouth until my neck started to ache. I straddled him and we resumed kissing until we were both breathless and our lips were sore. Still, his hands roamed my body, from my breasts (now more easily accessible) to my sides, then down to my ass, which he grasped with his huge hands. If I had wanted to, I never could have gotten away; that wasn't a problem, because I wasn't feeling any urge to go anywhere.

I wanted more, and so did he. I broke from his kiss and looked at him for the first time, it seemed. His eyes were half-closed, full of lust, but also questioning me. Is this really okay? I knew that I could stop this any time I wanted to. I didn't. I put my hands on his shoulders to leverage myself up from his lap, and then sank down again. His eyes grew wider as I felt his cock clearly from tip to shaft through his jeans. I brought my mouth down to his.

There was no reason anymore for clothing. We came to that conclusion silently, and at the same time. I was wearing a light sweater with a zipper on the front. That was removed easily enough, then the t-shirt underneath provided a small challenge while we continued kissing. As we broke so I could remove the shirt I unhooked my bra, and instead of meeting me for another kiss, he leaned back to look at me. I felt myself blush a little, on top of the heat in my cheeks that had come there from our activities so far.

Jake looked into my eyes and told me I was beautiful, which I believed from him. I was never a pretty girl, and never thin, which I thought was the same thing. Still, he wasn't lying. I could see it in his face, and felt it in his touch when he moved his hands to my breasts again. The sensation of his fingers on my bare skin was nearly unbearable. More than anything else, I wanted to have my bare chest meet his.

I unbuttoned his shirt, down to the button on his jeans, and then undid that, too. Once I finished with that, I ran my hands up the sides of his thighs, his torso and chest, then started to pull the shirt off. He, too, was wearing a t-shirt, and that had to come off. Now that I could see his chest, I admired its strength. He was lightly, evenly furry. I ran my hands over his chest, feeling the hair, and leaned in to kiss him, my smooth breasts against his pelt.

Suddenly, I was aware of the windows next to us. Here I was, kneeling on the couch, topless, and it was late with all of the lights on in the room. The blinds were wide open. The idea of the neighbors seeing this was appalling; there wasn't much chance of them being awake, but I was still a bit mortified. Somehow, that helped spur me onto the next step.

I stood and pulled him up from the couch. I didn't tell him why we were moving to my bedroom, but I led him there by the hand.

"Are you sure?" Now he was asking me formally. Even straining against the zipper of his jeans, half-naked in my bedroom, he wanted to be sure.

"Yes."

That was all he needed. Within seconds, both of us were completely naked, standing in the center of my bedroom kissing. His erection was insistent. I looked down at his cock as it wobbled slightly. It was larger than most men's, with a rounded top exactly the shape of a mushroom. It was wide, and almost oval in shape. I wanted it in me, and couldn't resist touching it.

He moaned immediately, though I kept my touch light. I wanted to feel the texture of his cock before anything else. The tip had a little pearl of pre-cum emerging, and I found myself stooping to lick it off with just the tip of my tongue. He tasted so good; musky, warm, and under it all, the scent of a man who I trusted deeply. I took him all into my mouth, but he pulled me up.

"If you do that--" he started. He swallowed. "I want to be in you."

I wanted him in me, too. My pussy was wet and swollen with want. He picked me up as if I were a kitten, cradling me, and kissing me and set me gently on the mattress. Once we were lying on the bed, he again began to slowly explore my body with his hands. He never touched my pussy, but came close, and with a lighter touch the closer he got. It was maddening, and I groaned out of frustration.

He grinned, and then moved over me. In one swift, easy motion, he entered me, and I gasped. He was so muscular, solid in every way, and he filled me completely. He didn't rock backwards for a moment, looking down at me, again looking to see how I was. My gasp must have made him think he was hurting me. In response, I wrapped my legs around him and pulled him towards me.

I soon became lost in the rhythms we established. He would speed up, then slow down, and then almost stop momentarily. Twice he pulled out of me so far that only the tip of his cock remained in me, and waited for me to pout before he pushed himself completely into me again. No matter how much he tried to put it off, eventually he started to get close to coming, and I was there too. In the last moments, he sped up, pushing against my clit and g-spot so that I tightened around him. I cried out in surprise and ecstasy as I came, and I felt his cock in me pulse and then explode in waves of hot cum. His hands under my shoulders pulled me up to meet him, and we kissed as we whimpered and gasped.

We were exhausted, and slept soundly. I woke up once, and remembered through a haze that our clothes were in the living room (or some of them were) and I didn't think that my roommate would react well, especially if she recognized the shirt he had been wearing. I cleaned up, then sneaked back into bed, glad that he was there to do more than snuggle with.