 The party was shit to begin with. My three friends who I came with had already hooked up with three of the best looking girls at the party and left me to my own devices. Not that I was ugly by any means - some even find me attractive, but it's definitely my personality that wins the girls over, until they get me naked. Whether it's my small frame or my meek nature girls are always shocked when my pants come off.

Let me be clear though, my cock is not a 10 inch monster that you read about it other stories.

It's about 7 inches, and about two and a half fingers widths thick. However, I am small, 5'8" and about 130lbs, so when my cock is hard, and jutting out from my small frame it looks majestic. The other thing is my balls, they hang rather low, which makes my cock look even bigger.

So, there I was sitting on the couch waiting for - God knows what, and she comes in. I recognised her from the coffee bar just around the corner from my house. Her name was Lacey and she had blonde curly hair just past her shoulders and these sparkling blue eyes. I stopped in every morning for my same drink and she knew me by name, and the flirting I thought was what she did for a tip. The thing that most stood out about her was her pearly white teeth - just this amazing smile that she had, so warm and comforting. There was the obvious amazing at least C-Cup tits and an ass that would not stop, but all in all her face was the most amazing feature.

She walks into the party and things start to get interesting, she looks around, not really looking for anyone, and then her eyes find mine, she smiles - heart melts and she walks over. She's in this amazing skirt that is just to her thighs (classy and yet slutty at the same time) and a white collared shirt that goes to her elbows. She's wearing funky "cat-like" glasses to complete the ensemble. 

"Hey Darcy, what are you doing here?"

"Not much Lace, my friends sort of ditched me."

"Sorry to hear that," she smiles, "Mine too, well they were supposed to come, but they sold out, I figured I'd come anyways. You wanna get a drink?"

"Yah, for sure," I say. No way am I leaving now.

We go and grab a drink. We both like rum & coke, obviously a match made in heaven. The minutes fly by and turn into hours, and before I know it, it's 3 in the morning and we're both pretty tipsy.... I offered to walk her home, but she said she lived across town. I happened to live a five minute walk away and the alcohol induced courage made me say,

"Well, my couch is free, if you want."

She looked at me with those blue eyes... "Yah, that would be great Darce."

We made the journey to my house, sort of leaning and walking against each other my arm around her shoulder, it was heaven. We made it to my house - which was a disaster zone, I told her to have a seat on the couch and I would tidy up. I grabbed her some water and threw a bunch of stuff in the laundry. 

"Do you have a t-shirt I can borrow?" She asked...

I grabbed her a shirt that wasn't exactly oversized, hoping it might spark something. I tried to be a gentlemen, but I had this streak of wanting to dominate this woman into submission. It's a thing I have. She went to change and came out wearing a white lacey thong, contrasted with her tanned legs it was incredible, she had obviously taken off her bra as the material of my shirt stretched against her breasts outlining her nipples. 

"Are you tired?" I asked.

"No, but I need to lie down, i'd love to keep talking though, where's your bed?" She walked towards my room and I followed her, followed that ass as it shook back and forth with each step that she took. 

She lay down in my bed and I lay beside her, I put my arms around her and we talked... my hand resting on her stomach, she grabbed it and put it between her legs. 

"You want this don't you Darcy?"

I was shocked... but I knew what I had to do - I had to fuck this girl. For the skinny guy everywhere I had to make sure that I fucked this girl hard and long. 

"Yah, I do. And you're going to give it to me." I said, shocking myself.

"Good. Because I've been waiting since I met you for you to fuck me. Now Darcy, I have a secret to tell you. In the coffee shop, and on the street, I am the sweet, girl next door type. In your room, and for you, for as long as you want. I will be your whore. I will do whatever it is that you want, and if you make a rule for me, I promise I will not break it. I just need you inside of me... now."

This was too good to be true. A girl I could take home to my parents - and then fuck long and hard and all night? I pulled her onto her stomach and hopped down the bed, spreading her legs and slapping her ass for good measure. 

"From now on, you will call me sir. Everything I ask you to do, you will do, right?"

"Yes sir." Spank. 

"Louder Lacey."

"Yes sir!"

I rolled her thong down her legs and off smelling the sweet aroma and her pussy oozed juice all over my bed. I turned her over onto her back and noticed her smoothly shaven pussy except for a racing stripe right up the middle. 

"Stand up" I commanded.

"Now take your shirt off you little slut. Good girl. Now I want you to stand there and play with your titties for me, and play with your pussy for me... until you are begging me to fuck you."

She slipped two fingers inside of her juicy slit and began to pump them in and out as her other hand tugged on her nipples - her eyes rolled back in her head as she finger fucked herself... moaning and licking her lips... her pearly teeth looked all the more amazing now as she smiled and tried to catch her breath as she brought herself closer and closer to orgasm. My cock was straining to get out of its pants, but I knew it would be more than worth it...

"Fuck me Darcy" she said straining to catch her breath. 

"What?" I said, with a sly smile.

"Fuck, me, Darcy."

I slipped off my pants and got her doggy style onto the bed, I slipped into her moist damp wet pussy and began to thrust in and out, spreading her ass cheeks and slipping a finger up there, she gasped and moaned... but I didn't stop fucking her...

"You like that you little tramp?" "I do, Darcy, I love your cock, it feels sooo big!" "That's because it is big, and even for a slut like you, it feels big, doesn't it?" "Yes sir,"

I continued pumping into her, I could feel and hear my balls slapping up against her skin I reached around and cupped both her breasts between my hands, squeezing and molding her flesh and pinching her nipples.... I reached around with one hand and began pinching her clit, which was protruding so much from her pussy that I had no problems finding it. I knew I owned her, I knew that she would be mine from now on, so when I felt my orgasm building I had no qualms letting loose. But to make sure I asked...

"I'm going to cum soon Lacey, where do you want it?"

"On my face and in my mouth sir, if that's okay with you."

It was perfect. I pulled out and she eagerly turned around, opening her mouth and sticking out her tongue, smiling and looking up with me as I shot load after load over her beautiful face and into her awaiting mouth. She took her finger scooping up my cum and licking it off her finger.

I crawled into bed, exhausted and happy, we slept sound that night and just before we drifted off to sleep in each others arms, Lacey looked at me and said,

"I've loved you since I first met you Darcy."

"Me too." And that was that.