 I was sitting at my desk the other day working on the questions I was going to ask my key witness. I had a big trial coming up involving a trucking company that was getting sued for backing out of a contract. The phone rang. "Hi Mattie!" came a sweet voice from the other side. It was Angela. She had worked as a receptionist at my law office until just a few months ago. I was sad to see her go, but the job was not what she wanted out of life.

Angela and I had become good friends while we worked together. We never saw each other outside of work, but had a great relationship in the office. She would often come into my office and talk about how much she hated her job and I would be her sounding board. I think this allowed Angela to trust me and open up a little. We could talk about most things.

I really enjoyed flirting with Angela. She would be outside my office filing, bending over to get into the bottom drawers and I would ask her, in a voice just loud enough only she could hear "move over a little so I can get a better view." Angela had always been slightly self-conscience about her petite little frame and would eat up the compliments I threw at her. It worked out great this way, I could say stuff to her that could get me fired, but she just took it all as a compliment and would blush that someone thought she has pretty and sexy.

She had the sexiest little ass I had ever seen, and I told her that on more than one occasion. With her small frame she had curves in all the rights places. Angela's arms and legs were toned and defined, giving her whole body a very sleek and sexy look. Her breasts were solid a-cups and would be great handfuls. I tried to look down her shirt every chance I got, especially when she wore one particular push-up bra. Her tits sat in them beautifully, cupped underneath. One time when I was helping her with a computer problem, I could almost see nipple as I stood behind her while she sat in her chair. 

I knew from the beginning that she was a little sex-pot. She never wore underwear, a fact that took me only about a week to discover as I was often staring at her ass. She always wore dress pants and a shirt, so when she would stoop down to file, her shirt would come up and I could see that she was not wearing underwear. I looked closely a few times before deciding for sure that she was definitely not wearing any. Eventually I began calling her "Commando" as a little inside joke.

"What's going on, Ang?" I replied.

"Just thought I would call and see how your day was going. I'm in my car, just took my cat to the vet, and was thinking about everybody in the office and how I miss the people there. It's too bad I just hated that job."

"Well, I'm glad you called. I have been meaning to call you to tell you about the new receptionist. Things sure are different around here without you. Plus, I don't get to look at your fine ass every day."

"Ha, you are too funny!" Angela always thinks everything is "too funny," that's just the way she is, a very happy and pleasant person. "Do you know that sometimes I would purposely let you get good views of my ass?"

"I knew it!" I exclaimed. "There were a few times I could swear you were almost shaking it at me. I wasn't sure weather it was on purpose or not. Well thank you for doing that, it made work a lot more pleasant."

"You always paid me the nicest compliments and they really made me feel good about myself."

"Yeah, and those compliments were sincere," I replied. You do have a great body, one that I wouldn't mind tapping if I had the chance."

"Oh really?" Angela was a little taken back by my boldness. Though we had often flirted we never actually said or implied going anywhere beyond that. "So tell me, what would you do if I showed up to the office right now?"

"Would you be wearing a skirt or pants?" I asked, playing along with the game. "I know you don't wear underwear, so wearing a skirt would mean you were looking for some action."

"Oh, I would be wearing a skirt alright." She laughed.

"Well, I would tell the receptionist that I had a lady coming in to talk with me about retaining our firm. And that she is a little embarrassed about the whole situation so I would have to meet with her in my office rather than the conference room where everybody can see in."

"Nice!" another one of Angela's common expressions.

"First, I would have to verify that you were not wearing underwear underneath your skirt. I'd have you sit down on my desk in front of me. With my hands lightly on your knees I would separate your legs, passing my knees between shins as I moved in closer. My hands would slowly move up your smooth legs to the hemline of your skirt where my fingers would push under your skirt. Looking up at you for reassurance, my hands would continue their slow journey under your skirt and up your legs."

"My thumbs on the inside of your thigh would make you draw in a deep breath in anticipation of what was coming. My hands would not stop their slow ascent up your legs until they rested on the very top of your thigh where your waist meets your legs. My thumbs would gently come to rest on the inner most part of your thigh. Not quite touching the outer lips of your pussy, they would be snuggled up in the fold where you legs end."

"My fingers would explore the softness of your skin, making you quiver as I gently caressed the sensitive skin on your lower stomach. Teasingly I would get closer and closer to your pussy, making you thrust your hips in the direction of my hands as your pussy moistened in anticipation."

I could hear Angela's breathing getting deeper on the other side of the phone. Encouraged, I continued on.

"Finally my right thumb would make its way through the jungle of hair and press down on the folds of skin covering your clit. My left thumb would then move into position to separate your wet pussy lips and gently rub the entrance to your cunt. With my right thumb still rubbing down into your clit, I would use the fingers on my left hand to spread you open even more. After rubbing the length of your pussy with my fingers to get them wet, I would plunge a single finger into your pussy."

Angela moaned into the phone.

"My thumb, wet with your juices, would encourage your clit from its hiding place. As I slip a second finger from my left hand into your hot pussy, the thumb on my right hand would continue circling your clit. The juices from your pussy would begin to run down my hand."

Angela's voice came through the phone. "I would be pretty wet. I'm getting pretty horny right now just listening to you talk about it!"

"I couldn't have your pussy juices get on my shirt, so I would have to lick the back of my hand, cleaning your sweet honey from it. My hunger would just be enticed by the taste and I would need much more than I could get by licking it off my hand."

"What would you do about it?" Angela asked. I could tell she was really getting into it.

"I would stand up and pull your skirt down your legs until you flicked it into the corner with your foot. You'd be sitting bare-assed on my desk with a wet pussy gleaming up at me. Of course you would have a smile on your face because you would notice the huge bulge in my pants. Playing with your pussy and tasting your sweet juices would get me pretty turned on."

"After adjusting my cock and giving your tits a little tweak, I would sit back down and place your feet on the arms of my chair. I would begin by kissing your knee and slowly work my way toward you pussy, nibbling on your inner thigh as I went. Once I got to the top of your leg. Close enough to smell the juices moistening your pussy, I would go out to the other knee and nibble my way down the other leg towards the warmth of your cunt."

"Once there I would take a long, slow journey with my tongue up the length of your juicy slit, starting near your ass and ending with a flip of your sensitive nub. My tongue would start circling around your clit while my hands crawled up your shirt until they met your bra. You would quickly un-hook your bra and I would flip the cups of the bra up over your tits exposing your nipples. Your nipples would immediately harden, being exposed to the air and the tugging of my fingers."

"While I sucked on your clit and played with your breasts, you would begin to move your hips like you were fucking my tongue. Soon your legs would tighten around my head as you uncontrollably flexed from the strength of your orgasm. I would pull my hand away from your breasts and take a few last slow licks of your pussy before letting you fully come down."

"I have to tell you," Angela breathed into the phone, "my pussy is so hot right now I think I am getting the seat in my car all wet."

"Well brace yourself," I responded, "because I am not finished with you yet." I took the notion that Angela had a wet pussy to mean that I was doing a good job in telling my story, so I continued.

"After you regained your composure, you would hop down off my desk and walk your cute little ass over to the bag you brought with you. Bending down to pick up your bag you wouldn't bend your knees, but would rather spread your legs apart a little, giving me a great shot of the pussy I just ate to orgasm. I would be able to see some of your juices running down your leg."

"You'd tell me that it was now my turn and that you had brought in some tissue just in case it was needed. You would kneel down in front of my chair and begin rubbing my hard cock through my pants. I would quickly undo my belt and you would pull my zipper down. Reaching into my underwear you would grab my pulsing dick and immediately throw your lips around it."

Through the phone I heard Angela take a deep breath. "I am going to have to park now and rub my pussy or something. This is too much."

"I would hold back your hair as you gently licked and sucked on my cock. It wouldn't be long before I would tell you that I was about to cum. You would take a good long lick the length of my shaft and circle the head of my dick with your tongue a few times. This would be enough to set me over the edge. You would stroke my cock to orgasm and point my load right into the tissue as we couldn't leave any kind of a mess in my office."

"After discarding the tissue you would seductively walk back over to me. You'd sit down on my lap facing me, pressing your still wet pussy against my tired dick. Our lips would naturally and slowly start towards each other. We would kiss, deeply, passionately. My tongue would push through your lips and touch the softness of your tongue."

"With a very sexy motion your hips would begin to gyrate as you rubbed your pussy against my dick. I would soon be hard again and you would be able to rub the firmness of my cock against your clit. My dick would slip between the lips of your pussy as you rubbed your wet cunt up and down against my hard cock. Wanting me inside you, you would reach down, grab my cock and point it upward so that you could slide your dripping pussy down on it."

"You would slowly lower yourself, taking the length of my cock into the depths of your wet cunt. You would rock your hips again, this time with your pussy stuffed full with my throbbing dick. Having just cum myself, I would be able to go on for quite a while before I had another orgasm. I would take the opportunity to lift your shirt off and finish removing your bra. We would be sitting in my chair, you completely naked and me fully clothed with only my dick exposed for brief periods as you would slide up and down my shaft."

"I would take your nipples into my mouth and begin flipping them with my tongue. Your bouncing would become more intense and you would throw your head back in the pleasure of riding my cock while I sucked on your tits."

"When your legs began to tire I would stand up, my cock lodged deep inside your pussy, and sit you on my desk where I could thrust my cock in and out. I would bring my dick all the way out of your cunt before gliding it back into the wet hotness surrounding it. One hand would be gently flipping your clit back and forth while the other played with your breasts."

"Each time I pulled my dick out of your pussy, a little bit of your juices would run down onto my desk. I would dip my finger in the pool of..."

KNOCK, KNOCK. The sound of someone knocking on my door snapped me back to my actual surroundings, sitting there in my office alone. "Sorry to bother you sir," said my receptionist. "But there is a woman here who would like to talk to you about becoming a client of ours. She is not on your calendar but I was hoping you had the time to see her. She is in the lobby filling out paper work."

"Okay, do you know what kind of case she has?" I asked, a little annoyed that my conversation had been interrupted. I had to stay seated as I was smart enough to not stand up to go investigate. During the conversation with Angela I had lowered my zipper and had been stroking my cock. Though my throbbing iron cock was quickly shying away like a scared puppy.

"She wouldn't put her stupid cell phone down long enough tell me. She was acting kind of weird, like she was embarrassed or something."

"Did you even get her name?"

"Angela."