 First and foremost, I would like to thank to my volunteer editor, Dan (ttrfanatic). Your insight, suggestions and amazing proof reading abilities were appreciated beyond any words. I can't thank you enough for the time and effort you put into helping me. 

Authors Note: My readers should know that this first story develops slowly, so if you are seeking a story of "We met...we fucked...we came...the end." Then maybe this isn't for you. Trust me, this account has all the erotic detail befitting any good X-rated story, but it also contains the human side of relationships that all lead to great experiences and some very erotic sex. The characters histories with one another are very important to the story and take time to develop. This is the first installment of what I intend to be a series of stories. The story revolves around a middle aged man and some younger women, who change the definition of their friendships. Any feedback will be most appreciated. 

*** 

To begin with, I started to give a long description of my life, but after writing for an hour, I thought "No one wants to hear my life's story", I'll give an abbreviated version. Trust me there is a reason I have to give you the back-story. 

I am 48 years old and I have worked in law enforcement for 21 years. I'm told I am attractive guy; 6' 02" tall, weigh 210 pounds, close shaved hair, hazel eyes and I keep in good shape. I grew up on a farm in the Midwest. I got married to my high school sweetheart at 19, moved to the south, went to college, started a family and eventually started a career as a police officer. That marriage came to a tragic end after 16 years, when my wife was diagnosed with terminal cancer and died a year later. I have one son from that marriage. He's married with his own kids. 

I got married again about a year or so later. When I met my second wife, she had never been married before, but had an 11-year-old son. Her son never knew his biological father, so it was easy for him to quickly accept me as a father figure. That marriage was a disaster. After 7 years, wife number two got into a party frame of mind and made a horrible mistake one night while in a drunken stupor, she cheated on me. After her guilt made her confess her transgression weeks later, we tried or should I say, I tried, to make things work. She was just never the same after her transgression and eventually we divorced to save my sanity. It was really never a great marriage since her son was a real hand-full. He was always in trouble in one way or another. He was a very good looking young man, but treated girls like shit. I can't tell you how many broken hearts he left in his wake growing up. 

I moved out shortly after I figured out the marriage was a lost cause. I bought my own house and began life once again. For a long time I was devastated, angry, hurt and depressed during the months that followed my divorce. It took about two years to recover from the broken heart she left me with. My stepson moved in with me for a time, while his mother ran around like a crazy person. He couldn't handle her insanity and all the fights it caused between them, so he lived with me. Eventually life got back to normal. My stepson worked and went to college locally for a year or so, but then decided to go into the military to make something of his life. 

Now let me tell you how my stepson fits into my narrative. Like I said, my stepson is a really good-looking young man. Ever since grade school, beautiful young girls have surrounded him, drawn by his personality and extremely good looks. Our house was an endless parade of my stepson's friends; guys and girls. He had a large circle of friends and I watched all of them as they grew up. Naturally I got to know all of them very well. 

When it came to my stepson's friends, nothing really changed after my divorce. There were always young people around my house. It was commonplace to have his friends at the house. My house had a large in-ground pool and Jacuzzi, so there always seemed to be a pool party on the weekends. They seemed to like hanging out there even though I had hard fast rules on underage drinking. They all respected that. Besides I don't think any of them wanted to ruin a good thing. 

Before long they were all getting jobs, joining the military or going off to college somewhere. During that time, my stepson had developed a relationship with a girl named Carly, he met through some friends. Like me, she had also grown up in the Midwest, but came to Florida to attend college. When I first met Carly, we had an instant bond with our whole "Midwest" connection and upbringing. She and my stepson were always at my house, she visited almost every weekend. Over time she considered me her "surrogate dad" a kind of Father Figure when she was away far from her own home. We spent hours talking about life, politics, movies and religion. I always thought she was very mature for her age. 

Carly has those "girl next door" looks. Standing 5' 6" tall, shoulder length auburn hair, button nose, deep green sultry eyes and full pouty lips. She had a smile that really lit up a room. She is also blessed with an amazing figure; small pert breasts, narrow waist and a perfect firm little bubble butt. She had an athletic figure in many respects. I always thought my stepson was very lucky to find such a breathtaking girlfriend. As we developed our relationship/friendship, I came to look at her as the "daughter I never had, but wished I did." I can honestly say that I admired the looks that she possessed, but I never looked at her or the other girls in a sexual way. I'm just not built that way. I looked, but with no lecherous thoughts. They were still just kids to me, even though they were all in their early 20's by this time. 

Later that same year, my stepson joined the military. He went out of state to do his basic training. During the five months he was gone; she still came to my house on weekends and spent time there. She also came to town to see the other friends she had met through my stepson. There were a few weekends where we would have quite a few of my stepson's friends at the house for pool parties and such. 

When my stepson graduated basic training he came home for 2 weeks leave, before he left for California where he was to be stationed. During that time things seemed shaky between him and Carly. My stepson seemed to be trying to push her away. They argued a few times and he would leave with friends leaving her at my house. Then I would spend those nights consoling her due to his behavior. Just before he left for California, my stepson told her he wanted to be single and did not want a serious relationship. Carly was devastated. He was really an asshole to her when he broke up with her, which was kind of the way he always did things. My stepson went to California and began his military career. Before he left, my stepson agreed that she should keep her friendship with all his family and friends he did not want her to lose those relationships. After a few months he virtually stopped talking to me and all his friends. Last I heard, his mother moved to California and they were sharing an apartment together. By the time six months had passed, I stopped hearing from either of them very often. Kind of strange when I really think about it, but my life went on. 

At first the break-up was rough on Carly, but she spent as much time in town, as college would allow, and in a few months she was much better. She became a regular fixture and spent a lot time at my house on weekends with friends. She basically moved into my stepson's old room when she visited. It was nice having her around. I missed her when she would go home for breaks, but she and I always stayed in touch. 

During that time in my life I dated a few women, but nothing serious. Then I met a young woman named Kerri and we began a semi-serious relationship. Kerri even moved in with me after a few of months. She was 26 years old when I met her. Kerri developed very close friendships with Carly and her other friends. Kerri wasn't much older than most of them. 

When Kerri was living with me, it was commonplace for Carly and some of the other friends to call Kerri or me when they were in town visiting. They would call and invite us to meet them out at clubs or at someone's house if there was a party. When Carly came to town she would almost always stay at my house for the weekend. She liked staying with us, since most of her other girlfriends still lived at home or had roommates. She and Kerri became very close. Over time I developed what I considered a great surrogate father / daughter relationship with her. She would seek my advice on a lot of things. 

About 6 months into my relationship with Kerri, problems developed. She wanted kids and the whole family thing and wanted to take our relationship to the "next level". At my age and after all I had been through I really had no intention of getting married again, let alone having babies at my age. Kerri was heartbroken, but completely understood my position. So, we parted ways as friends and became occasional "fuck buddies" until she found a new guy in her life. 

Carly was very concerned when Kerri and I split and tried to talk me into staying with Kerri. But Kerri was a trooper and explained to her it was a mutual break and it was best for both of us. Carly acted like a concerned daughter in those days, it was cute. But that soon changed in a way I never saw coming. 

Thinking Carly was at home for the summer, I was surprised when I got a call from her one Friday morning. She told me she was back in town for a week for a friend's wedding on Monday night. She told me there was a rehearsal and dinner Saturday night and that she was a bridesmaid in the wedding. She went on to say that she was going out with some girlfriends tonight and asked if I could come meet them. I told her that I had a friend's retirement party to attend this evening, but later I would love to meet up with them. 

In our conversation she explained she was staying at Sandy's apartment. Sandy is a girl that my stepson grew up with. When they were in grade school, Sandy was my stepson's "girlfriend." They weren't a couple for very long, but stayed friends even throughout high school. I even knew Sandy's parents pretty well, since as kids they did a lot of activities at school together. My stepson played football and Sandy was a cheerleader, so we used to see her and her parents at the games. I actually had not seen Sandy for several years. I did know she went to college locally, but I also thought she was still living with her parents. I told her I would meet them out later and to text me around 9pm to let me know where they were. 

I was excited about seeing her later. It had been a couple months since we last saw each other. I spent the day cleaning my pool and doing some chores around the house. I went shopping and bought groceries for the week. Later that evening, I got showered, dressed and headed out to the FOP lodge where the retirement party was being held. I arrived around 7pm and started mingling with the guys from work. Around 8pm, the man of honor was toasted. Many people got up and gave farewell speeches, including myself. 

It got to be around 8:45pm, when I got a text from Carly. 

Carly: Hey we are going to Blue Martini Lounge downtown. Can you meet us? 

Me: Yeah, I'm leaving here soon and I will meet you there.  

Carly: Awesome can't wait to see you.  We will be on the outside deck. Hurry up! 

"The Blue Martini Lounge" is a local restaurant / bar in the downtown area. It's a popular spot nestled in the downtown area where there are some 30 bars and restaurants. I started saying my goodbyes to all my friends and was going to make my way downtown to meet her. As I was leaving a group of the guy's asked where I was going so early. I told them I was going to the Blue Martini to meet some friends. 

"Hey boss, we might see you there. This is getting kind of lame, so some of us were thinking of heading downtown." one young cop name Tom said. 

"Cool. Not sure how long I'll be there. But come find me if you go." I replied. 

Then Tom walked over and leaned in close. "Hey, by the way, tomorrow night some of us guys are talking about going to 'Kitty's' for some beers and since you're off this week, maybe you want to go?" He asked me quietly. 

'Kitty's Playpen' is one of the local strip clubs. The guys liked going there, because we knew the staff and dancers pretty well from our travels as cops. It was a nice club and I was good friends with Mike, the general manager. He always looked out for us and since his dad was a retired cop Mike ran a clean place. 

"I'm not sure what my plans are, but if I decide to meet you guys there, I'll call you." I answered. 

"Great." Tom replied and slapped me on the shoulder. 

With that, I shook a few more hands on the way out, got in my SUV and drove downtown. The drive is about 20 minutes to get there. When I arrived, I had to search for a parking space since the place was always packed on the weekends. It took a few minutes, but I finally parked and went inside to look for Carly and her friends. 

The outside deck was packed with party-goers and I was having a hard time finding them. At first I couldn't find them. I stood in the middle of the crowd and was about to use my phone to text Carly, when I suddenly heard a squeal, looked to my right and saw her coming fast towards me. She was smiling from ear to ear. She came up to me, wrapped her arms around my neck and gave me a strong hug pulling me down slightly so our cheeks were touching. I wrapped my arms around her waist and lifted her off the ground in a bear hug. 

"God I have missed you!" She gushed. 

"I missed you too!" I replied and lifted her a little higher and swung her body back and forth gently a few times to add emphasis to my joy in seeing her. 

Suddenly as we were hugging and laughing, she dropped both arms to her side and exclaimed "Oh jeez, my skirts riding up!" I put her down and she quickly grabbed the hem of her skirt and tugged it down to cover her nearly bare ass. That's when I took notice of the way she was dressed. She was wearing a short, skin-tight, black skirt and black top with a plunging neckline. The skirt came to just above mid-thigh. Her top clung to her figure and I noticed she was bra-less, because I could see her nipples poking at the thin silk material. Her breasts aren't large, but they are perky enough to show a nice exposed cleavage from the 'V' in her top. I looked as she wiggled the hem of the dress back down. When I looked down I saw that she had on a pair of bright red 6" heels. Her whole outfit caught me a little by surprise, because I had never seen her dressed this ultra-sexy. 

She leaned in and whispered. "Oh boy ... my dress came up and almost gave these people a nice view of my butt." Then we both laughed. 

"Sorry, I guess that was my fault." I said. 

"Yes it was. You're bad." She said with a sly smile as she mockingly punched my shoulder. 

We laughed and exchanged another hug; this time, I didn't lift her. We stood and talked for a few minutes about how much we had missed seeing each other. Then she grabbed me by the hand and told me to come meet her friends. 

"When was the last time you saw Sandy?" She asked looking over her shoulder at me as she held my hand and led me through the crowd. 

"It's been several years." I responded. 

She looked over her shoulder at me with a big grin and said, "Oh boy! You are in for a shock." 

Before I could respond to her statement, we came through the crowd and I saw four girls sitting around a small table. As we approached they all looked up at Carly and I immediately recognized Sandy as she stood up, even though I had not seen her in years. I recognized her face immediately, but as she stood up to greet me, I suddenly realized the rest of her was nothing like what I remembered. 

"Holy shit! That's Sandy! Man has she grown up! She is smoking hot!" I thought to myself. 

Sandy quickly stood, stepped towards me and yelled, "Dave!" I closed the short distance between us. Sandy was taller than I remembered, about 5' 10", but over 6' with the black spiked heels she was wearing. Sandy was wearing a very short lite gray backless, cocktail dress, with spaghetti straps and a plunging V-neck. The dress clung to her body like a second skin and barley covered her ass. Her long legs looked like they went on forever. Like Carly, Sandy was also bra-less and her tits were stunning. Her breasts were larger than Carly's, but they still stood high and firm under the tight dress. 

"Unbelievable" was the only word that came to mind. I was truly stunned by her looks. Sandy's figure was tall and sculpted like a runway model. I wasn't sure if I was more shocked by how much her physical appearance had changed or the incredible way she was dressed. It suddenly occurred to me, that she and Carly had spent some time conspiring to dress very provocatively tonight. 

Sandy quickly wrapped her arms around me and hugged me in a tight embrace. I reciprocated by wrapping my arms around her and hugging her back. She was almost as tall as me in her heels. She smelled like wild flowers. Her long straight blonde hair cascaded to the middle of her back. As we hugged she mashed her soft breasts into my chest. Sandy pressed her hips forward against mine. Then she turned her head and kissed me on the cheek. 

As we let our embrace go, Sandy backed away, but caught my left hand in her right one and looked at me with her bright sultry blue eyes. I really didn't remember those eyes. Of course I hadn't seen her since she was about 17 years old. Back then they were all kids in my mind, so I didn't look that close. I couldn't help but to look now. Just like Carly, she was a stunningly beautiful woman. The last time I saw her was at her high school graduation. Now she had grown into a beautiful 21-year-old woman. I was nearly speechless. 

"It's so great to see you Dave!" Sandy said gushingly with a broad bright smile. 

"Uh ... well ... it's great to see you too Sandy." I was able to stammer back. 

"You look ... well ... much different than I remember." I said glancing up and down her body. 

"Yep, I'm all grown up." Sandy said with a big smile and just a slight blush washed over her beautiful face. "When is the last time we saw each other?" She asked. 

"I think it's been four or five years." I answered. 

We paused for a moment and just looked into each other eyes. Then Sandy broke the slightly awkward silence. 

"By the way, you look great too. You've stayed in shape. Handsome as I remember." Sandy said with a smile, looking me up and down, still holding my hand. 

"Well thanks. I really appreciate that." I responded, feeling a little burst of pride and blushing a little too at her compliment. 

Our hands were parted, when Carly stepped up between us and said, "Ok you two, Dave still hasn't met the other girls." 

Sandy and I turned towards the table with Carly between us. Carly began introducing me to the other girls, who I had only slightly noticed at first. Carly introduced me to, Tanya, Katie and Sue. It turned out they were friends of the bride that was getting married. The girls were all very attractive and very friendly. They definitely weren't dressed like Carly and Sandy though. They were all dressed in casual attire, with jeans and nice button down tops. All three were very attractive with gorgeous bodies. 

Tanya was a green eyed redhead with shoulder length wavy hair. Her skin was an ivory white with just a slight hint a few freckles on her high cheekbones. She had a slight southern drawl to her speech. I later found out she was from North Carolina. She looked much younger than what she was. 
