 Just another day of work done and this guy is headed home. A nice de-stressing twenty minutes along the highway to my slightly secluded home. 

I pull into the drive, just like everyday. Walk into the house, just like everyday. Great the dogs, just like everyday. Kiss the wife, just like everyday. Head to the bedroom to get changed to take the dogs for walk, just like everyday. Say hi to the Sister-In-Law, just like everyday this week.

I strip off my pants, start digging for some shorts when my wife gives me shit for leaving the bedroom door open; ah right, my Sister-In-Law was staying with us. 

Now my wife is hot. Five foot nothing, grab-able hips and ass, perky tits, and topped with bright red curly hair. Yes, a red head. My delicious fire cracker. 

Where my wife is gorgeous, her sister is equally as stunning, only different stunning. 

My wife has awesome hips; the kind you can just grab onto when you get behind her, her sister slim. My wife, big handful boobies topped with lick-able mom nipples, her sister petite round breasts which I can only image are topped with small pink nipples. Wife topped with a curly main of bright red hair, her sister long straight brunette hair always up in a pony tail. My wife five foot zero, her sister four foot eleven. 

So, I get changed and head out with the dogs for some exercise. We truck around our daily loop. A few kilometers of treed isolated bliss. The last of the days stress gone with each stride. It takes about an hour; I enjoy the scenery while the dogs mark their turf, chase squirrels, and act like kids.

We get home just as my wife is putting dinner out. Yes, she times it perfectly. The three of us sit down for dinner. The chicken stir-fry goes down with the light humorous conversation standard around all dinner tables.

The classic, "How was your day?", "What did you do today?", etc, etc. 

After dinner I park my ass on the couch and watch some tube. My wife snuggles into my left side, the Sister-In-Law enjoying our rocking chair. An hour or two in I'm falling asleep. Head bobbing and drifting off while attempting to pay attention to whatever it is we are watching. 

My wife gives me a shove and all but orders me into the shower before I hit the sack. Guess I stink. 

On my way to the bathroom I notice the door to the spare room is closed. Guess the Sister-In-Law is already in bed. Well if she is asleep, means I can bite off a nice big piece of my wife before bed. Kick-Ass!

Into the shower I go. Hot water waking me up from the post-couch snoozing. I dry off, wrapped the towel around my waist and head to the bedroom. But the door is closed and my wife is standing in front of it. 

"I got you a little treat for tonight. So go ahead and enjoy it. I will see you in a little while." She wears a small mischievous smile as she kisses me on the cheek. 

Completely confused I open the door to our bedroom and well; my eyes fall out of my head.

There she was splayed out face down on the bed; hips lifted resting on a couple of pillows. Her face was buried into the sheets so all I could see is the back of her head. Hair in a cute little pony-tail bound up with a pink scrunchie. 

Not like everyday.

Her legs are bent, her small smooth bubble of an ass is elevated and on display. When my eyes slide along her ass to the crease of her leg I am drawn into the cheeks, slightly apart letting me glimpse the pink puckered hole of her ass. Already moist, a perfectly smooth pussy; the dew of anticipation sparkling on her slightly unfolded inner lips. 

She didn't look at me. Just laid there waiting. 

I stood there stunned. The towel had fallen off my waist, freeing my hardening cock. There I was, in my own bedroom, staring at the presented naked form of my Sister-In-Law, with my wife's permission to enjoy myself. 

I pinch myself to make sure I'm not still asleep on the couch. It hurts; I'm awake. And if I needed more proof my cock is so hard it hurts. It's engorged head straining against the air of the bedroom, feeling ready to explode at the gentlest breeze. 

Time seems to have stopped. I can't believe where, what, who, so amazing! I love my wife, I love my wife, I love my wife!

My time lapse is broken by the gentle shifting of her ass. She rotates her hips, a slow rise and soft push to the rear; an invitation to enter. Her pussy lips flare open exposing the tender pink inside. My Sister-In-Law reaches back without turning her head and picks up a small bottle of lube resting on the edge of the bed; perched just so, ready to lend its slippery contents to the party. With careful movements she squeezes some slippery juice into her right hand. She drops the bottle and massages it into her fingers; once fully coated she reaches back, face still in the sheets, and rubs the lube into her silky pussy. As her fingers slide along her slit she unfolds her lips, tantalizes her clit, showing me her inner depths; casually a finger slips in. As she leisurely withdraws her finger, she slides it into the crack of her ass and traces slow circles around her asshole. 

A soft gasp escapes as her finger slips in and out of her ass. 

With such an invite, how can I say no?

I kneel onto the bed between her wide open thighs and position the head of my cock against her slippery pussy lips. Using my hand I rub the head of my cock up and down her lips, lubing up its engorged head. The lips of her pussy gently kissing the head of my shaft as I guide it up and down her slit. 

As she feels the touch of my dick, her hips rock back, wanting, urging. She pushes back and as my cock slides up the pressure of her hips drives me deep into her slit. My balls slapping into her mound, her ass pressed into my crouch. The head of my shaft buried deep, her pussy contracts in excitement, driving waves of pleasure through us both. I am amazed her little body can enwrap so much of my cock and over-whelmed with the pleasure. The feeling of my dick bound by her petite snug pussy was amazing. 

Reaching down I grab hold of her little hips. If I touch the tips of my thumbs together I could just reach my finger tips around her hips. So tiny, so delicious. As I hold onto her hips I stop her from moving forward, forcing her to hold my cock deep inside her. The contractions of her pussy continue massaging my shaft and causing moans to escape from her lips; her face still buried into the sheets. As the contraction slow, I release the pressure on her hips and let her drift forward an inch before pulling her back. We repeat this slow pattern again and again, every so gently speeding up. Each successive stroke getting longer and longer. Until each pass starts with us locked together and ends with my head just nestled inside her. 

Every once in a while I hold her hips in place; either forcing her quivering pussy to massage my cock or teasing her with the head just resting on her lips. My hands grip her slender hips to savior the moments in each position. This game is sweet torment for us both. 

I try to focus on her pleasure, to make this a memorable for us both. Cause hey, if she enjoys it then maybe, just maybe I could get to do this again. 

Soon we are both rocking back and forth; my hands hold her hips tightly kneading her ass checks. Her moans of pleasure fill the room punctuated by gasps of ecstasy. Her hands clenching the sheets, knuckles white. 

I move my right hand into the small of her back and rub my thumb into the crack of ass tickling her puckered hole. With my cock once again buried deep inside her, my thumb starts to enter her ass; she throws her head back and whimpers. She starts to moan, surprised by a sudden orgasm; her pussy tightens around me as she shudders in delight. I can feel the wetness of her cum cover my balls. 

I reach forward and grasp her pony tail, digging my fingers into her hair, fingers dug in behind the scrunchie, crushing the fabric into my palm; I start slowly thrusting in and out of her now sopping pussy. With each pump I speed up, thumb still nestled in her ass, hand pulling her hair. 

The combination of it all quickly brings me to the point of explosion. I can feel the pressure building in my balls, the head of cock swelling in anticipation. 

The moans of pleasure of my Sister-In-Law only encourage me to go faster, harder, deeper. Her orgasm builds along side mine. The pressure is almost too much and I remove my thumb to once again grasp her hips. As my cock is ready to explode I pull back with both hands; one wrapped in her hair, the other holding her hips to keep my cock buried deeply inside her. 

My orgasm hits me; the first spasm causing her to tip over the edge and she screams in release. I feel my cum erupt into her pussy, the throb of each shot causing her to spasm in rapture. I hold her close, letting our juices mix with my final twitches. 

As we both descend back to reality, I lean forward and place a kiss on the side of neck as I slip out of her. On shaky legs I stand up at the end of the bed and watch my cum start to dribble from between her thighs. A bead of white sneaking out of her quivering pink heaven. 

The euphoria of having just thoroughly enjoyed my Sister-In-Law's pussy washing over me, again stunned, I stand there frozen in time. I watch as she rolls onto her back, reaches down and with a finger collects the growing bead of cum from her pussy. 

With a smirk she slides the finger into her mouth. I could see the motion of her tongue swirl around and clean it off. She stands up, walks over, and on tip toes kisses my cheek. Her tiny pink nipples pressed against my chest. My semi erect cock squished against her stomach. 

"I hope we can do this again sometime." 

And she walks out of the bedroom. Leaving me standing there still stunned. 

I Love my wife.