 As I walked into the restaurant, I saw you there, my first glimpse of you in the flesh. I considered my luck, and was amazed that you had agreed to the meeting. You looked sure of yourself, confident, but also seemed rather annoyed as I stood there by the door looking at you. I couldn't have stood there for more than two minutes and you checked your watch three times; I wasn't late, I simply like to arrive exactly on time. As the appointed hour of our meeting arrived, I saw you signal the waiter for your check, and I chose that as my moment to walk through the doors and slide onto bench right next to you. 

The waiter came over with the check, and I told him to go away, you weren't going to need that check yet, and to bring us back two beers. As he walked away, I turned to you and without pause grabbed you and pulled you to me into a deep, almost violent kiss. You leaned in for more and I broke away, leaning back in to whisper that the night was still young, relax, there's plenty of time for more of that.

Silently, the waiter re-appeared with our drinks and asked if we would like to order. I told him we were good for now, but to check back when the drinks were getting empty; on that note, he left us to ourselves. I turned to you and asked if you had been waiting long. You didn't speak, simply nodding yes. 

I couldn't apologize to you for being late, since I hadn't been, so I decided to respond with my actions again. My hands had been wanting to explore your body for weeks, and it had been all I could do to keep them off you you since I sat down. I could wait no longer and firmly gripped your thigh just below the hem of your short, sexy skirt. Maybe it was my imagination, but I could swear that I heard a moan escape your lips, and I definitely felt you shiver and push yourself tighter against me. My fingers weren't content with staying where they were, and I started slowly inching them higher, pushing your hem up as I went. After what seemed like hours, but was most certainly just a few seconds, my fingers brushed the soft lace of your panties. I felt a tinge of wetness seeping through them and caught a hint of arousal in the swirling air. You ground your lace clad pussy against my fingers and the dampness was gone, having been replaced by a sopping flood of juices that completely soaked your panties.  

Without warning, the waiter re-appeared, asking us if we were doing ok. As I looked up at him, I realized that he had a clear view of my fingers stroking your pussy through your panties. I told him that we could use some fresh beers and with a slight grin he set off for our drinks. 

I looked over at you for the first time since my fingers had begun exploring and you were softly smiling, while obviously biting your lip to keep from moaning in ecstasy. I asked if you had enjoyed giving our waiter a show, and you just shook your head no. I leaned in and whispered that I thought you were lying to me; you again shook your head no. I softly kissed the nape of your neck and trailed my tongue up to your earlobe. I nibbled on it and whispered an order, "take off your panties and put them in my pocket!" You started to shake your head no again and I clamped down on your thigh with my grip. With a whimper you slipped your ass off of the seat, I released my grip, and off came your thong. 

I looked down and got a glimpse of your smoothly shaven bush as you slipped your panties into my pocket. You tried to adjust your skirt lower, but my hand moved back to your thigh, ensuring that you remained exposed to the world. As your ass hit the seat again, the waiter materialized with our fresh drinks. He didn't look at me the entire time he was at our table, but simply stared at your pussy before stammering "c..c...call me if you need anything," before turning to walk away in a rush. You noticed his stare, and obviously enjoyed it, as your pussy flooded my fingers with fresh juices. 

With my free left hand I took a long pull on the new beer and began exploring you with the right. My fingers traced up and down your slick lips, pausing at the top to tickle your clit, then all the way back to the bottom. You adjusted your hips forward, allowing me easy access, and I slowly slid one finger inside you. Your tight pussy fought my entrance, but your juices belied any fight you might put up. I started stroking my finger in and out, and you finally let down some of your tough exterior and started pushing back. My thumb found your clit and began working it in small circles. I pulled out for a minute and replaced my one finger with two then began thrusting in and out, harder and faster. As I took a long pull from my beer, I felt you begin grinding on my fingers furiously. I looked over at you, your eyes were screwed shut, and your bottom lip was clenched between your teeth so hard I worried you might hurt yourself. I felt your pussy clench on my fingers when suddenly your hand grabbed my swollen member. As you ground against my fingers enjoying the last of your climax, you slowly stroked it from top to bottom. 

It felt good and I wanted more, but the people around us were starting to wonder what was going on. I heard more than one person ask what the crazy couple in the corner booth was doing. It didn't bother me, but some more privacy wouldn't be amiss either. You leaned over my shoulder and I finally got to hear your voice as you hoarsely whispered that we needed to get out of there. I quickly downed the rest of the beer and stood up, pulling out my wallet and throwing more than enough for the drinks and a tip on the table. You stood up behind my and re-adjusted your skirt, covering up what had become a drenched pussy over the last few minutes. 

I grabbed your hand and led you out to the parking lot and over to my truck. I opened the door like a consummate gentleman and gave your tight ass a boost as you got in. As I lifted you up into the truck, your skirt rode up again, and I couldn't help but groan at the sight of your ass and in anticipation of the things to come. I closed your door and ran around to my side. While climbing in with you I noticed that you had undone two buttons on your blouse and had your hand inside tweaking a nipple. My cock swelled even more uncomfortably in my trousers as I put the key in and fired up the engine. 

I pulled out of the space and onto the road, trying to figure out what the most direct route back to my place was. While I was busy working the clutch and shifting through the gears your fingers undid my belt, unbuttoned my trousers, and pulled down the fly. You whispered in my ear that you wanted to play with my shifter just like I played with the one on the truck. I pulled you closer and told you that was fine with me. I was rewarded and almost swerved off the road when felt your warm lips clamp around my shaft. Your tongue twirled around my tip as you simultaneously began to squeeze my balls with your hand. You slowly started sliding my cock in and out of your mouth, going deeper and deeper with each stroke. It felt amazing and I knew that we weren't going to make it home before I blew a huge load. You kept sucking hard, taking more and more of my cock into your mouth. Soon I felt your lips at the base and was amazed that you had swallowed my entire cock. My amazement was short lived, as you squeezed my balls once more and I couldn't contain myself. I blew my wad deep in your throat and you swallowed hungrily, sucking up and down on my cock nursing out every drop of my cum.

My state of ecstasy was ripped from me as a loud horn honked to our right. I looked over and a trucker was giving me a thumbs up, having obviously seen the entire show. You must have liked it too because you un-buckled your seatbelt and threw your ass into the window, treating him to a wonderful view of your pussy from behind. I didn't want him to have too much fun though, so I accelerated down the road to my place. 

As we pulled in and parked you leaned in and gave me a deep kiss; we had both already had a little fun, and I knew that the night was just beginning! I pulled you closer and kissed you hungrily, moving a free hand up to roughly squeeze a breast. Your nipple was already hard poked through so that I could feel it through your bra and blouse. Finally we broke the kiss and pulled apart, both hastily re-adjusting clothing so that we could get out and up to the room.

We scurried up the stairs and down the hall to my place. The key seemed to take forever in the lock, until at last, it opened. As we stepped through the door I started discarding clothes. My shirt came off first and was thrown away mindlessly as I walked backwards towards the bedroom. I paused and bent over for a moment to pull off my boots, and you grabbed my head pulling it towards your skirt covered pussy. I inhaled deeply, loving your delicious scent, then broke away to complete my disrobing. 

You placed your hand on my chest softly and traced your way down, across my abs to my waist, and back up. Then you pushed, taking advantage of my position next to the bed to trip me up. As I fell backwards onto the bed, you smiled smugly, and began to wiggle your hips. Before I knew it, you were starting to slowly strip, teasing me as you seemingly took forever to undo each button of your blouse. Finally it was undone, and you winked and tossed it at me. You spun around and bent over, shaking that sexy ass tantalizingly at me as your arms worked behind you to undo your bra.

As you stood back up and turned around, I thought my cock was going to explode out of my pants at the sight of your pert breasts and hard nipples. I rose to try and pull you to me so that I could suck a nipple into my mouth and twirl it with my tongue, but you pushed me down on the bed and told me to be patient. Slowly, you undid your skirt and slid it over your hips and down to the floor. You stood there, naked, and my cock began pulsing in my trousers, what an amazing site. Your hot, sexy body filled me with an explosive energy and I knew once again that this was going to be a night for the ages.

Stepping towards me, you eased yourself to your knees with the assistance of the bed. You grabbed my belt and undid it once again. Barely pausing you unbuttoned my trousers, opened the fly, and started tugging. I lifted my ass off of the bed you threw my trousers across the room away from us both. Leaning in, you licked one of my balls and sucked it into your mouth, then slowly let it go and did the same to its partner. Then you started licking from the top of my sack up to my tip. My engorged cock felt like it was about to explode as you sucked it into my mouth and began bobbing up and down on it. You looked up and gave me a sexy wink as you began to twirl your tongue around my shaft and I felt a moan escape from my lips. 

I couldn't take it anymore and leaned over the edge of the bed as you gobbled on my cock. I grabbed you by the hips and lifted you up off the floor; spinning you around so that you were on the bed next to me, and then the rest of the way around so that you were seated on my face. I licked from top to bottom then stopped to suck your clit into my mouth. You squirmed and started sucking harder on my cock, as I twirled your clit with my tongue and softly nibbled on it. I found it hard to concentrate with the magic you were working on my stick, but I licked higher and stuck my tongue into your sweet box. You squirmed again and I thrust my tongue in and out of your pussy before working my way up to your ass. I licked around your tight hole and got it nice and wet before pushing hard against your ass and working just the tip of my tongue in. You lifted away from my cock and moaned so I worked my tongue farther into your hole. I slid two fingers into your pussy and began working them in and out as I licked in and around your ass. Moaning again, you pushed your pussy and ass into my face and went back to sucking hard on my cock. 

After a few more minutes of that, I couldn't take it anymore. I grabbed your leg and threw it over my head. Then I grabbed your hair and roughly pulled your mouth off of my cock. I slid to my knees beside you and forced your head down one my bed. Sliding around behind you I lifted your ass up off the bed and impaled you on my cock in one deep thrust. You got your knees under you and started pushing back against me. I grabbed your hips and started thrusting into you, hard and fast. Quickly we built up a rhythm between us, knowing when to push together and when to pull away. I felt your fingers underneath me, tickling your balls, and then against my balls as I thrust into you and you tweaked your clit. I felt myself nearing explosion, and our thrusts began to take on an urgency as we neared climax together. Releasing your hips with one hand, I sucked on a finger and then slipped it into your ass. This pushed you over the edge and you began bucking with an orgasm, moaning deeply into my sheets. I kept thrusting; hard, fast , and deep as you moaned and writhed in ecstasy. Just as you stopped moaning on the bed I felt the cum build in my balls. I pulled out just as my cock exploded, shooting long ropes of cum across your ass. You looked back at me and smiled as the passion slowed and my balls emptied themselves onto your sexy body. 

As I laid back onto the pillows, content for now and finally relaxed, you stood up. Picking my shirt up off the floor, you wiped up and started getting dressed. I asked you why and you replied that you had to get home before it was too late, things needed to get done and the world must keep on turning. I had hoped to have you for the while night, but realized that everything happens for a reason. I stood up and squeezed your tits, sucking a nipple into my mouth, savoring it and storing the memory away in my brain; then, dressed myself and prepared for your departure. 

After dropping you off back at your car, I watched you leave and then turned around and went back to my room. There, on the floor, was the sexy lace thong that must have fallen out of my pocket when you tossed my pants earlier. I picked it up and inhaled deeply, remembering the fun, and hoping for more exciting encounters later.