 Not lonely, this week...

Oh, how I had felt that day, too lonely and bored. Sitting on my favorite spot in the single bed flat we owned I was just thinking about the different possibilities of spending my time alone for the entire week. My cell phone rang and I came back to earth. It was my neighbor's daughter (had been my childhoods companion though slightly elder to me). She was in the city and wants to stay with us for the week ahead. It's been a long time since we had any kind of contact. She had announced her plans even without asking me my convenience, but what ever my plans could have been, I would have obliged without any regret.

She is 10 years elder to me. She always had a soft-corner for me; I thought that she liked me physically too. I had gathered this from her many comments and glances. The truth is that I was also hot for her, even still. During my younger days, she was my only companion. I used to be a shy lad then. She was my teacher in matters of school and girls. I used to call her by her name only. She had no problem with that and due to our closeness my parents too didn't say anything.

I dressed and went to the airport to pick her up. Her flight was slightly delayed. After waiting for some time, the announcement came. Some twenty minutes or so after, she came out through the security door towards me. I couldn't have asked for any better view that very day. She was dressed in a sexy red sari with a low cut sleeveless blouse. Her smooth flowing cleavage was so beautiful, my eyes got stuck there. She had a big mischievous smile on her when she saw me staring at her. We were seeing and talking for the first time after my marriage five years back.

On our way back we had dinner at this sea-side restaurant. The food was excellent, but the wine stole the show. We reached home without even uttering a single word. She seemed only happy when I told her that I was alone, as my wife had gone for a training session in the nearby state and would only be back next week. So I had a full week to myself; now to us. Soon she went for a bath and I started seeing TV, but my mind was in the bathroom with her. I didn't expect much to happen between us, but was hopeful. I love my wife, but always been found of attractive elder women (physically). The funny thing is that I never went for any women I liked, so nothing extra-marital happened in my life.

But tonight Deepti being with me has put me in a confused but wonderful state. I heard her coming out of the bathroom. She came to the living room, straight from the bath. She was wearing a short night dress that just covered her sexy thighs. She was not fair, but wheat brown, which I liked the most. She sat near me and started filling me on those lost years. She and her boy friend got separated just after my marriage. The reasons, she didn't explain. She is working for a hospital in her native town as a consultant pediatrician. She is staying alone at her parents' house as both her parents are no more. Her only brother is settled in US. Lately he too went off touch with her. Tears rolled out of her beautiful eyes, when she told me that she felt lonely most of the time. That's the main reason why she wanted to spend some time with me.

I decided to call up my office in the morning and apply leave for rest of the week. I wanted to make her one week with me remember-able. After watching some more TV together, we went to my bedroom. I had arranged the bed for her. She told me that she doesn't mind sharing the bed with me, just like in my childhood. But I declined and wished her a goodnight's sleep.

I don't know why I declined her offer, which seemed innocent enough. Though I regretted a bit, I was not sad. I slept on the couch that night. I dozed of thinking about my childhood fantasies about her. Early morning I woke up, made breakfast for both of us. I called up my office and applied for my leave. I woke her up and then we both freshened up. 

"Deepti, I have booked a room in the nearby lake resort for two nights. We will have some fun." I told her as we had our breakfast. 

"Arun, you are a darling!" her excitement was obvious. I thought of ringing up my wife, but then decided against it. Though some guilt was there, my expectation of an erotic holiday took control over me.

We packed our bags and got into the waiting cab. She just took my hands and thanked me for the trip. I said nothing. She held my hands in hers. Many times my hand kissed her thighs accidentally. The sensation was electrifying. It was a three hour journey and in between she dosed off leaning on to my shoulder. I thought of the good old days when I used sleep with her as an innocent child. We reached the resort in the early evening. After freshening up we went for a walk around the huge resort. We had a double bed room to ourselves. It was a beautiful resort though inexpensive.

After dinner we went to bed early. She insisted on us sleeping together. This time I didn't resist my temptation. She had a hot bath and came out in the skimpiest night dress I have ever seen. The way it looked, she was wearing nothing underneath the neat sexy silky garment. She was looking really hot.

My cock just jumped into full mast. I was wearing a T-shirt and my boxers. She could very much see the dent in my boxers that my childhood sex-goddess has created. She gave me that naughty smile she had when she met me at the airport. 

The next thing I remember is the heavenly feeling of my medium sized, but well shaped erect cock sliding to and fro in her smooth sweet mouth. She took the entire length of me in her mouth. In the corner of her eyes I could see her lust for me which was buried inside her all these years. I just loved this moment and never wanted it to end. Against my expectation she was wearing thin red colored panties and a sexy bra. I wanted to cling to her like those pieces of clothes. She was taking me to the highest and biggest orgasm of my life. I was being taken deep into her throat. 

"Oh Deepti, you are real pro in this. I can't believe my luck." I looked into her eyes. My wife never did this for me. I was traveling to a sex-land with Deepti. After holding for some unforgettable minutes I came in her mouth, which she swallowed entirely.

"You taste wonderful!" she whispered into my ears. 

"You are breathtaking, a real lover," I kissed her full on the lips.

"At your service," she said with a playful smile.

She then took off what ever cloth left on me and undressed herself in front of me. What I saw in front of me was angelic. "Arun, I had waited all these years for this moment with you," she told me lying fully naked next to me on the bed. She gave me her sweet lips and I tasted every inch of it. I then slowly ventured into her waiting mouth that held the very taste of my cum. It was kinky, yet it was a great feeling to taste your own cum.

I then transferred my attention to her other lips and the opening that was inviting me. In slow rhythmic pace I licked the shapely trimmed love triangle she offered to me. My tongue made her shiver in passion, she started to moan. I traveled further deep into her love hole with the utmost curiosity of a child. She was in an ecstatic condition; she was finding it difficult to hold back her very vocal pleasure. My long tongue once a thing of embarrassment to me traced nook and corner of her snatch. Two of my fingers found their way into her pussy. I started to thrust my fingers into her pussy and out, I was giving her pleasure of her life. This went on for some minutes; in between my tongue went to work on her wet dripping twat. 

"Deepti, you taste like chocolate!" I kissed her ears. 

I then took her left tit in my mouth and started to suck it. I bit her two three times. She was enjoying every bit of it and her moans became louder and louder. I reached for her other boob and started kneading it. "Arun, please don't stop it, please", she told me in between her moans.

"Please fuck me Arun, please put your thick rod in me and fuck me hard," she was screaming. I didn't wait for another second, inserted my hardest and biggest erection of life into her waiting cunt. I started with a slow smooth thrust and increased my pace gradually. "Harder, harder, please fuck me harder," Deepti started to beg. My thrusts into her cunt became harder and harder. Now I was ramming into her like fast moving piston in a machine. 

We were both nearing our orgasms, she her first with me and my second, with her in less than one hour. We came together within seconds to the most exhilarating orgasms of our lives. We lay in complete exhaustion for the next few hours.

I woke up to sound of Deepti getting out of the bed. She was going to the bathroom to clean herself up. I too went with her. "Hey, let me take a leak," she looked at me. 

"It was my childhood fantasy to see you piss. Can I now?" I asked her. 

"Okay dear, as you wish," she okayed, smiling at me. She sat on the open commode. I suddenly had the kinkiest idea of my life. I knelt in front of her on the floor of the bathroom and asked to her to piss on my body. 

She slightly hesitated, but then adjusted herself for this. Stream of hot piss started to hit me the next second and I couldn't believe how aroused I became from this. She obviously liked it too. With her warm piss on my body, we had our second passionate fucking there and then in the bathroom.

Our vacation together gave our relationship a different meaning. We promised each other to keep it a secret, rest of our life. Our passionate coupling moments continued till it was time for her to leave. We agreed to meet once in a while at her house, if time and situation permitted. We remained lovers till she went to UK with the purpose of settling there.