 I walked into the office at 8:00 just like I always do, nothing was different about me. Well; Ok there were a few things different about me and everyone that I passed in the hallway noticed. Talk about a confidence booster. I knew I could conquer the world now, or maybe just a man. 

"Morning Mary could I please have my messages? And will you check on the files that I requested?" Mary was a faithful secretary always a hard worker and never let me down. But this morning she was looking at me like I had two heads. She has know clue who I was. Amazing what a little shopping spree will do to your life.

" Mary, the messages?" 

"Oh ……Ms. Paige; I didn’t recognize you. You look wonderful this morning." She gave me a look that told me she would be in my office later to find out who the lucky man was. And as she handed me the messages I heard the voice I had been waiting to hear all morning. 

"Good morning ladies……. Mary you look radiant today, as always." God he was such a charmer. Always laid it on thick. 

" My my my who is the lucky guy that you are going home to tonight Angelina?" The way my full name rolled off his tongue gave me the shivers, just a touch of good ol’ southern boy in it, and I tried to look him in the eyes with out him noticing what he was doing to me. 

"Why, Matt, does there have to be a lucky guy…….? Maybe its a women……or maybe I did this just for me!" And with that I took my self down the long hallway to my office and shut the door behind me, letting out the breathe that I hadn’t realize that I was holding. Talking to him like that made me feel like I had all the power this time and I was so excited and hot. Hot and bothered all damn day, in and out of meeting with Matt and others. I hoped he didn’t notice how he was making me feel , or how my skin would flush when he looked at me. I really hoped that he couldn’t tell that I was squirming in my seat trying to rub my pussy lips together. I wanted to get off so badly……..I didn’t care where I was. Or who I was sitting next too. 

That entire week went by with a few glances and comments from co-workers. But nothing to exciting. I was beginning to think that the money I had spent was going to go to waste. 

"Don’t know what you were thinking you idiot! What could he possible see in you ……he could have his pick of any women he wanted." Sighing I moved around my desk and began walking towards the conference table shrugging off my jacket as I went. Because the blouse underneath was so tight the first few buttons popped open exposing enough of my chest to know that the bra I was wearing underneath was all lace.

" UMMM….huh….never would have guessed this is how I would find you!" Oh god I knew that voice, as I turned around there he was, Matt, standing in my office! 

"Matt! Oh! I ……I ummm thought that I was the only one here still." Obviously not you dolt.

"I thought that I would see if you wanted to get a drink with me? You know a way to wind down after a long week?" He was staring at my breast. Holy shit he was staring at my breast as if it was the most natural thing to do. I quickly cover myself and turned away from him to button my shirt back up.

" Well , I appreciate the offer I really do but I have so much to catch up on. I was planning on working late so I could relax this weekend." How could I turn him down …….this was exactly what I wanted right?

He looked at me and smiled, walked farther into the office and stood right in front of me.

"I am sorry to hear that." Yeah he sounded sorry all right……..I could just hear it in his voice.

"this just means that you leave me no other choice than to work late with you." he announced.

"What do …….wait Matt; you don’t want to spend tonight with me in the office working!" What was I doing. I wanted to kick myself 

"Sure I do. I want to work with you as long as it takes to get to know you."

"uhh well Ok ." I gave in.

Matt turned around and mumbled something about being back in a bit. In a bit turned out to be a half an hour, but while he was gone I managed to get my self together and start working on a new account I had just landed today. I heard him and smelled him before I saw him. He came waltzing back into the office with a large pizza box and a bottle of whiskey.

"Yummy….what a combination Matt. Whiskey and pizza." I laughed .

"Yeah well I thought wine might be a bit much" and he was right it would have been.

We worked in silence eating pizza and drinking whiskey for what seemed like hours but it was really only 45 minutes. I looked up at him and noticed how his brows creased when he was concentrating, and as I was staring at him he looked up at me. How embarrassing! I put my head back down and went back to work. A couple minutes later I decided that I should take off my heels…..and kick back a little. I stretched and made a mewling sound, and Matt looked up and got a wonderful view of my breast straining against my shirt. I put my arms down and went back to work. I don’t know if it was the whiskey or because I was horny or just a combination of it all but I suddenly found my foot rubbing up his leg. It moved against my foot and I realized what I was doing and quickly removed my foot.

"You know Lena, we are working on the same account but my numbers aren’t the same as yours"

"What are you talking about!?" I jumped up and rushed around the table and sat my self down next to him not even caring that my entire left side was rubbing up against him. Or that I almost landed in his lap!

Thoroughly looking over the first page I noticed there was nothing wrong with them. "Matt there is nothing………" I never got to finish that thought because suddenly all I could feel was his warm lips on my neck. It was only a kiss but I didn’t want it to stop. I shivered and moaned and he took that as encouragement. Which I suppose it was. But I still had to pretend to put up a fight, didn’t I?

"Oh god Matt…….we …we can’t do this! We …uhh..work together" 

"So what is your point I know you want me and I really want nothing more than to feel your naked body underneath me while I fill you full of my hard cock." He was breathless just like me. That last line sold me. I was not going to be able to turn back as I got up and walked away from the table.

With every step I took I striped an item of clothing, until eventually I was down to my bra and panties. The cold air of the office made my nipples hard and as I shut the door and turned around to face him you could tell with no doubt that I was excited. Slowly making sure that he got an eye full, I walked back towards him. 

I stood right before him. All he had to do was reach out and he would be touching me. My skin felt like it was on fire and he hadn’t done anything to me yet. But that was about to change.

"Do you know what you do to me? All day long I wonder about what you wear under these suits of yours." As he began to speak his hand came up and brushed above my bra on my breast. " I go home at the end of the night wanting to know who you let touch you. It kills me to know that it isn’t me. Do you know how many times I have jacked off thinking it was your mouth on my hard cock!" his voice was harsh and I could tell that he was fighting for control. "I want to be the one who touches you like this….." placing his finger at the wet entrance he slowly began to finger fuck me. In and out …..faster and faster…..deeper and deeper. 

"Oh Jesus……ahhhh….don’t stop. PLEASE!" I screamed at the top of my lungs I didn’t care who heard.

"You like that don’t you? You like it when my finger is inside your tight pussy, and when I use my tongue on you. Tell me you like it!" It wasn’t a request but a command.

"YES!!! I love it….god …….ooooooo fuck yes!" I convulsed in to a mind shattering orgasm that lasted for ever. My body was sedated….. I could feel my pussy muscles tighten and release around his finger, in little mini after shocks, that was still inside me and still moving in and out. And then I was empty and he pulled away from me. 

"WAIT!!!!!!" desperate to know what I had done. To end the wonderful torment so soon.

"Hang on baby….give me a minute. You are still a little over dressed for my liking." He removed what ever remaining clothing I had on. I had no clue what was left to remove but I was a willing participant as long as I got to give him something in return . And then I got brave.

"But aren’t you overdressed now too?" I was trying to play innocent but I am sure it didn’t work. "Let me do something about that……" I unbuttoned his shirt and placed kisses on the exposed flesh. Spending time on each of his nipples. Biting and nibbling…..swirling my tongue around them. He moaned and sucked in his breath when I did that and grab for a hand full of hair.

"Lena don’t tease…."he didn’t beg but I knew I could make him.

"Tease? I am not teasing you. I am just sampling some of what you have to offer!" That was a tease. I moved farther down his chest and had his shirt completely unbutton and pulled out of his pants and was kissing just above is belt buckle when he grabbed my hands and pull me up bending me backwards over the table and straddled me. He was holding me down. I felt powerless and I loved it.

"Lena baby I am sorry you just weren’t going fast enough for me!" and with that said he had his pants and boxers off all the while straddling my body.

"Oh god Matt that is huge" His cock had to be 7 ½ and It wasn’t done growing. I wondered if I would be able to handle him. Only one way to find out I guess. I reached up and grabbed the shaft at the base and began long slow strokes. He leaned his head back and thrust his hip forward and moaned!

"oh yea, just like that……" my strokes got shorter and faster paying more attention to the head of this monster that was not fully erect and had to be 8 ½ inches long. God I was in for the fucking of my life. The faster my strokes were the faster he thrust his hips forward. I could feel his cum filled balls resting right above my clit. And if he moved just right he would rub it. The sensations from it soared through my body.

"….baby you have …to uhn..stop that or I am going to cum to soon…..!" I wasn’t about to stop, I wanted him to cum. To cum all over my tits and face…I wanted to drink his cum!

"Cum for me Matt! Do it baby…let it go …cum all over me….." I stroked faster and began to tickle his balls. That is what finally did him in.

"shit here it come……uhn….god yea…oh yes……." He grunted and pushed his cock into my fist and began to tense and shot warm sticky cum all over my tits and face.

"yea baby ….oh that feels good!"

"mmmmm I want to suck on your cock ….let me up so I can suck on it…" I was a slut. I was begging to suck his cock. He rolled off me onto the table and I attacked his cock, sucking on it and cleaning it of any cum that was left. Every now and then I would hit a spot and he would shiver and try to pull me away.

"Oh god you have to stop. Come up here……." Slapping me on the ass I moved up and rested my head on his shoulders. It felt right and good. My body was humming and I knew that this would not be the last time that he and I did this. 

" So do you think we could make it to a bed next time?" we both laughed at the joke. But my mind was reeling …….he wanted this again.! There is a GOD!!!!!!

"Oh I am sure it can be arranged." And with him rubbing his hand on my lower back and me stroking his chest we both fell asleep, taking time for a much deserved nap!