 I half expected to wake up and have Matt tell me that that was great but he had to go, even though we both had made comments about wanting to do this again with each other but people will say anything in the heat of the moment, so before I could even let that happen I jumped up and silently began to get dressed. It was almost comical the state that my body was in, my hair was frizzed and ratted, my make-up gone from sweating and when I got off the table there were business papers stuck to various spots on my body!

"Hey what are you doing?" 

Oh shit he was up! I didn’t get out fast enough, now what do I do? " I’m …..I’m getting dressed. Isn’t that what I am supposed to do now Matt?" I managed to stammer those words, I wanted to cry.

"Well I suppose that we could get dressed and go get something to eat. There is a great Chinese place on 5th, we eat then go over to my place." It was more of a statement than a question but he was still waiting for me to answer.

"Um, yea sure that sounds great." I think that is what I said. He started to walk towards me and I lost any thought that was going through my head.

"Lena you know I don’t want this to be a one night stand? I don’t know how you feel about me but I am very attracted to you. And not because we just spent a great hour doing some things to each other that are against company policy or because you have a great body, but I think that there is some mystery to you and that to me is a big turn on. I want to get to know you………and if while we get to know each other we happen to have sex again……." He didn’t finish what he was going to say because he was to busy kissing me. It was not demanding at all. I think more to calm me down after that little speech of his.

"Ok Matt. Let’s just see where this goes. No promises!" that last statement was more for him than me. The last thing I needed was for him to play games with me.

"If that is how you want it to be that is fine with me."

We both were dressed now and were separating and picking up the mess of paper work, it was quiet and I was lost in thought. So lost that I hadn’t even noticed when Matt moved to stand behind me. 

"Those noises that you make……..you know ….right before you are about to come. They are so sexy." He turned me around to face him ,I was breathing hard in anticipation of what he was going to do, and moved his hand like he was going to touch my face and then drew it back and started to walk out the door. The ass had the nerve to leave me standing there stunned and flustered while he walked down the hall whistling!!!! 

"Wait!! Matt!! Why did you stop just then?" 

"Because Angelina" oh he said it again!! "as much as I want to put you up against that wall right now and feel your legs wrapped around my waist and your pussy squeezing my cock as I drive it into you…….you deserve a bed this time!" Apparently it was as simple as that.

"OH." 

We each drove our cars to my apartment building so that I could drop mine off and freshen up a bit. Matt sat in the living room while I changed and we made small talk until out of no where comes, "Why don’t you just pack a bag and you can just stay with me this weekend. We don’t even have to do anything…..I promise to behave if that is what you want!" He was almost pouting as he said that last little bit.

"Are you sure that would be wise? I don’t want you to get bored of me!"

"Some how baby I don’t think that will be possible!"

So we drove off in Matt’s car to get dinner. The restaurant was beautiful and the food was great. We both ate like we hadn’t eaten in a very long time. 

Matt leaned into me while we sat in the booth and began to nibble on my ear and whispered "Ready to go?" 

Who would I have been kidding…..he was sending shivers up my spine and I knew that my face was turning red and I was breathing heavy. His breath on my skin was like a aphrodisiac. I knew that he was teasing me so I played along. "Yes I am stuffed. I don’t know how I am going to work off all of this food that I just ate." As I was speaking those words my hand that was laying in his lap began to stroke the outline of his penis and I could feel him getting hard. Once I knew he was at full mast I jumped up and started to walk away from the table to leave. I didn’t get far. 

"Where do you think that you are going?" He growled.

"Oh?! I thought that we were leaving." And I turned around again.

"You think that I am going to walk out of this restaurant looking like this? Oh no baby not a chance." He drew my body right up to his so that his erection was cushioned against my ass and he put his arms around me and told me to walk. To anyone in the restaurant we looked like your typical couple in love……little did they know what we were up to!

Matt continued to stand behind me as he paid the bill, he even had me sign the receipt so he didn’t have to move. Walking away from the counter I noticed the rest rooms…….hahha …this will get him. 

"Matt I have to use the bathroom."

"HA! Yea right come one lets go." And he pulled me out into the dark night. Once we were outside he moved from his hiding place and looked at me like a cat ready to pounce.

"Now Matt, I was just having fun…remember we’re in public, and you started it first…..." I didn’t finish I just ran towards the car. He caught me in three steps, but it was worth the try. He pulled me into a kiss, his tongue running along my lips….it was definitely proof that this man was a great kisser! He broke the kiss slapped me on the ass and told me to get in the car.

"Well" I began " that was a first. I have never acted like that before, I don’t know what it is about you Matt but I think that it is a good thing!"

The drive to his house was going to take about an hour so we spent the time telling each other about our families. I sat next to him resting my head on his shoulder and my hand on his thigh, listening to him talk about his parents and his house. I answered every now and then with a "yea or uhuh" but my mind was else where. He was engrossed in his story which meant I could play and it would take a second for him to catch on. I subtly let my hand slide towards his zipper quietly bringing it down. Thank God the man wore boxers, this might have not worked other wise! My hand reached in and pulled him out and I instantly had him in my mouth. 

The car swerved. "Jesus ….Lena are you trying to get us killed?" But I just kept sucking. I took him all of the way in my mouth, I could feel him touch the back of my throat. 

My hand stroked while I sucked. He was enjoying it. I could tell from the moans and the way he would thrust his hips to meet my mouth. He had his hand on the back of my head, not forcing me down but just resting, he would rub my neck and run his hand threw my hair. I wanted him to come, and I knew exactly how to do it.

I took my hand and stuck it in my panties and into my pussy, it was wet and tight. I brought my fingers up to his mouth and he sucked on them. Then I moved my mouth back down to his cock and sucked and stroked and with my other hand covered in his saliva I gently squeezed his balls. They were heavy and tight. He was about to blow his load. 

He thrust up into my mouth hard and fast a few times, I let him take control, then I felt his come hit the back of my throat. I didn’t know that one man could come so much. I swallowed as much as I could. A little dribbled onto my lips.

When I sat up I wiped the little bit of come that was on my lip with my finger and sucked it off. Then sat down in the seat facing him with my legs spread. I began to finger my pussy. It wouldn’t take long for me to get off I was so hot.

" Let me help you with that." He took his right hand off the wheel and stuck two very large fingers into my pussy and fucked me while I rubbed my clit and pinched my nipple. 

"Ooh …… god yessss …..I am going to come all over you fingers ……..fuck meeeee!" 

"Yea baby come for me." The way he said it made it a command. I came instantly. 

"OOOOHHH FUCK ME!!!" my body shook with little spasms and aftershocks of what we had just done. He took his finger out of me and rubbed the juices all over his hard cock and jerked himself off again as we drove down the highway. When he came, which wasn’t long after he started, he shot his load all over the dash and the steering wheel .

"Ok …" deep breath " new rule…..give me some warning if you are gonna pull me out and give me road head or fuck your self as I drive. I really do want to live to make love to you in every way possible."

I didn’t answer just smile and sat forward and looked at the house that we were pulling up to. It was huge and elegant. Not what I was expecting at all. 

I was so busy admiring his house that Matt scared the hell out of me when he threw my door open grabbed me out of the car, picked me up, push me against the car. He was going to fuck me in his drive way! OH yea! He’d torn my panties to the side and dropped my body onto his cock. It felt like heaven to be filled by such a large cock. I wrapped my legs around his waist and held on for the ride. Screaming that I was coming and Matt thrust hard three times and came in me. 

His face was resting in my neck, we were both breathing hard, and I was stroking his head and kissing his neck. 

"God Lena I am so sorry. I don’t know what the hell I was thinking. Did I hurt you?" The words rushed out so fast that I almost didn’t catch them.

"Matt what are you talking about?"

"I am such a bastard, are you sure that you are Ok …..I can take you home if you want me too." He let my legs fall to the ground but still held on to me. 

I grabbed his face and held it between my hands and looked him straight in the eyes "Matt, you didn’t hurt me. It felt wonderful to know that something that I did turned you on so much that you lost control. I am not going to break." I pulled him close for a kiss. 

"If you are sure that I didn’t hurt you……" 

I had no idea what I was going to have to do to convince him that I was OK. But we walked up to the house together and he suggested that I might want to grab a quick shower and relax for a while. I told him that sounds like a great idea as long as he took the shower with me. As he closed the front door behind us he said that he was sure he could work something out. 

"I didn’t think that I could come to appreciate the shower as much as I do now!" I sighed and collapsed on his bed wrapped in a towel. We had made love in the shower. Not fucked or had sex but made love. We took our time exploring each others bodies. Staying in there until the water started to get cold. Making love with Matt in the shower was beyond words, or explanation. 

Matt stood in the door way, a towel around his waist that just barely covered anything, and the cockiest grin on his face. He pushed off from the door and walked into the room letting his towel fall as he did. My god he was hard again. This man was a machine! Instead of letting him lay on the bed with me I stopped him and pointed towards the chair against the wall. He sat down but looked confused.

My hands began to roam about my body that was still damp from the shower and still wrapped in a towel. He got the picture then.

"Ohh gonna put on a show for me huh?" He sat back and began to relax./

I ran my hands up and down the length of my legs up my stomach and towards my breast. I stopped at them and squeezed and pinched them. Enjoying every moment of it. I was lost in my own cloud of pleasure. One hand slowly snaked down my body and moved towards my clit. I was wet, and ready. I was also so worked up that I knew this wasn’t going to last long. I pushed two fingers inside of my tight pussy and began to move them in and out calling Matt’s name.

"Oh yea Matt…..fuck me with that hard cock…..mmmmm" It was my own fantasy. My other hand was busy working circles around my clit, I was going crazy, it felt so good. 

I heard harsh breathing coming from Matt’s direction and I opened my eyes. He was leaning back in the chair his legs spread wide and his big hand working up and down on his long hard cock. I could see the pre-come on the tip and I wanted to crawl over and lick it off but I licked my lips instead. I began to squirm and buck on the bed. Matt stroked faster and began to work his balls. 

"I want to come with you…….phhhhuleaaaase wait for me!!!!" I almost cried.

I yelled that I was coming and Matt let out a roar and thrust his hips into his fist and shot come all over himself and the chair. It was so sexy that I had another orgasms. But that was the least of my worries. Still shaking and breathing heavy I moved off the bed and kneeled between his legs. His cock was still hard so I stuck it in my mouth and suck him dry. I spread my legs a little and straddled his, between mine. I began to hump against his legs. It hit all the right spots and I was soon coming again while I finished cleaning Matt off. He sat there limp dick in lap and let me get off on his leg. Talking dirty to me the hole time.

"Oh yea baby ….that’s it fuck my leg…come on …you can’t get enough can you….you are a little come slut!" It turned me on to be called a come slut, probably because it was true. I came for the umpteenth time that night. And fell to the floor limp and sedated. 

Matt picked me up and laid me on the bed and laid out next to me and held me. He kissed my forehead and told me that if he had know how wild I was he would have asked me out sooner! I laughed at him and told him that if I had know that he would come so much I would not have given him the chance to ask I would have demanded! 

"Do you know how badly I wanted to jump in-between your legs and just fuck you until you couldn’t take any more?"

"mmmmmm as great as that would have been I am glad that I got a chance to put on a little show for you!" 

So there we were again……falling asleep, numb and sedated with pleasure. That entire weekend we made love in every room in the house. In the kitchen, in the hallway, stairway and out on the patio in view of all the neighbors. It was a great weekend and we were both very sorry to see it end.