 Our week was pretty uneventful considering that both Matt and I didn’t do any of the work that we took home with us that weekend. So we had to work extra hard all week. We would still quick gropes and kisses in each others offices. And call each other at night. We needed to keep it quiet for a while. The boss would flip if he knew that two of his best employees were sleeping together. "Might complicate things, bring your arguments to work" is what he always said. 

But as the week wore on, and it did slowly, I needed a night with Matt just he and I. One of my clients at the agency is the owner of the Pittsburgh Penguins, I loved working on ads for them . They were always willing to listen to ideas and try anything. Well anyhow, he gave me tickets to Thursday nights game which actually happened to be against the Philadelphia Flyers, which happens to be one of Matt’s favorite teams. So of course I took the tickets and told Matt to be ready to go out on Thursday at 6. He didn’t ask why but I could tell he was trying to figure out what I was up to.

I come from a family with a strong hockey background. So I know my hockey. Although neither of the teams playing tonight were my favorite team I knew that I would cheer on the Penguins, just to piss Matt off. I picked him up and he instantly started asking a million questions.

"Where are we going? Are you going to feed me? Are we gonna have sex? Am I going to like this?" On and on until he noticed what part of town we were in. "Wait why are we at the Arena? Lena what are we doing at the arena?" Now he demanded to know what was going on. 

"Well" I started. " in my pocket is something for you!"

"Wait you are sitting on you ass so I can’t get to your pockets…..come on what is the deal?" Boy could he whine.

"No I meant in my purse pocket!" 

"OH" 

"UH Lena these are tickets to tonight’s game."

"Yea they are."

"How did you get them?"

"I have a very generous client!"

"These seats are behind the bench’s three rows up! Jesus Lena! I don’t know how you did this but Thank You."

"You can thank me later."

So we parked in the VIP parking garage and went into the Arena. Our seats were very easy to find, so we decided to walk around a bit. Matt and I couldn’t really walk next to each other because it was so crowed so he walked behind me and held on to my hand. At one point the crowds were so bad that we came to a stop. Matt drew me up against his body and put his arms around my waist. But his hands didn’t stay there, no they slid into the front of my jeans. My jeans are the tight low cut ones, so he didn’t have to slide very far before he hit gold. I yelped and people turned to look at us. 

"Matt stop not now!:" I hissed at him.

"Oh baby why not, it’s not like these people are even paying attention." So he had a point there and when he started again and I didn’t protest he moved farther down. 

"Ohhhh mmmm Matt . Baby that feels so good . I have missed you all week." I moaned into his ear when he leaned down, so no one else would hear. 

He moved his hand up and down on my clit and soon he had me sweating and pushing against his hand wishing there was some place we could go so we could fuck! I didn’t last long. He had me coming with in minute of starting. He nonchalantly pulled his hand out and put his fingers in his mouth and sucked all of my juices off . I needed to be able to kiss him so I moved to the left towards an empty section of wall and pushed him up against it and kissed him deep. Using my tongue to explore the inside of his mouth. He tasted so good. He tasted like me.

" Ok well now what do we do about me?" I had been thinking about that all day. Trying to figure out where we could go to relive some of his pain. Then it hit me in the middle of one of my meetings all I had to do was make a phone call or two. 

" Can you wait until later in the game. Once things get going and people are too busy?"

"Uh yea." I had confused him .

"Ok"

And we went to go sit down. Our seats were so great. Matt and I would talk trash about each others team and when he got to frustrated and I wouldn’t shut up he would kiss me and everyone around us would cheer him on. It was great. By the end of the first period Philly was up by one point. Only because the ref. was too blind to see that the Flyers guy threw the puck into the net! I decided that now was the time to move.

"Come with me." I grabbed his hand and we walked away from our seats.

I lead him up to the second section. It was not crowded but it wasn’t empty either. I found a couple of seats and we sat down. Matt complained that we had great seats down stairs and that he wanted to go back down. I told him to just wait here for a while with me. I was sitting forward and Matt asked who I was looking for. I looked at him thinking I was caught but I told him no one. I was just looking at the crowd. Then I saw her. She waved and I got up and pretended to stretch.

As she started to move in our direction I told Matt that I wanted a kiss to make up for all the time we didn’t spend together this week. He was happy to oblige me. While we were kissing a red head , very striking actually, medium height and dressed casually came walking down out isle. I saw her but I knew Matt didn’t because he was to busy trying to get up my shirt to pay attention. Her name was Audrey, she was an old room mate of mine from college. She walked up next to us and kneeled down between Matt’s legs and began to massage his cock that was starting to get hard. 

"mmmm yea baby just like that Lena.." he thought it was me! Yes this might work.

Audrey unzipped his jeans and with a little help from him, while he was still getting up my shirt and kissing me, moved them down his hips a little until the monster sprang loose. She was on it before I could blink. Her mouth was small but I knew that she would give him just what he needed. 

"Oh Holy shit what …….what the hell? Lena what is going….get her off me ……ohhhh yea …" He was freaking but didn’t want it to stop at the same time. 

"This is Audrey. She was my room mate at college. She is here to help us have a little fun." Now the fact that we both had about six beers each in us helped loosen him up a lot. 

"Oh god I don’t care what she is here for as long as she doesn’t stop ." 

There is no way to explain her technique on cock sucking so I won’t even try. I will just say that she had him shooting a huge load in three minutes flat! And before he could thank her I was standing up lowering my jeans down my body and straddling his still hard cock. It slipped right in. 

"Oh yea Matt. That feels soooo good baby." He was bouncing me up and down on his cock . Audrey was still between his legs but she was rubbing her pussy against Matt’s leg and sucking on my clit while I fucked Matt. I held Audrey’s head still while she attacked my clit and made me come all over Matt and it ran down his cock and on to her tongue. She lapped it up and swallowed. I was done but neither Matt nor Audrey were. So I got off of his lap and told her to jump up there. So she did.

"Oh god yes… I haven’t had a real cock in so long…..oh yea baby!" She was being so loud but none of us cared. 

Matt let her control the rhythm and speed this time while he played with her clit and pinched her nipples. I got worked up again and decided that I needed to get off again so I jumped up on the arms of the seat and sat on Matt’s face so he could eat me out. And he did just what I wanted. He stuck his tongue in my hole and rubbed my clit and if I leaned forward just right I could just stand there and he could use his teeth on me and I would come crashing down, literally. 

"Yikes …..fuck I am going to come for ya baby! I am cumming all over you cock. Fuck me Matt!!!!!!" As she yelled this I looked up and notice a group of guys watching us. They had to be 18 or 19 but they all had their dicks out and were jerking off like their lives depended on it. I hadn’t seen them sitting up there when I picked this section of seats. Sick little perverts. Ha but then what the hell did that make us?

I got off of Matt’s face so he and Audrey could finish and sat spread eagle so the guys could see my pussy dripping with cum while they jerked off. It work …..they all shot a load real fast. I waved and pulled my jeans up and sat down to watch Matt and Audrey . By the time I had sat down she was like a rag doll …..he was holding her waist and just lifting her. I could hear her talking dirty to him . He must have liked it because he started to breath even heavier and thrust harder. 

Then he stood up, put Audrey’s legs on the arm rest of the seat in front of his and fucked her like that till he came. "Oh …uhh….oh audrey audrey yea baby you are so tight …..oh god yes .I am going to fill your pussy up and them make Lena eat you out for being such a bad girl.." Wow that was a shocker. He never talked like that. Sounded like a great idea to me. 

"Lena! Uhn …uhhhh..Lena come here!" 

"Yes" I didn’t have to answer so I am not sure why I did.

He pulled out and pushed me down on my knees and put his dick in my face. I sucked it a couple of times then he pulled it out and slapped it across my face and shoved it back into Audrey. 

"AHHHHH……mmmmmmmohhhhh shit" Matt was about to come. He tensed and grunted then let it loose in her. 

"OH MY GOD!" I had forgotten to tell her that when he comes his dick swells to twice its normally erect size. 

Matt picked her back up and pulled her down onto his lap. "Get between our legs! And suck my come out of her pussy!" I did so willingly. It tasted so good. I made a mess of my self but I didn’t care. 

Once we were all cleaned up and Audrey had a chance to relax and come back to reality we all had a great laugh about it. Matt told me that any time I wanted to invite Audrey to come along and play with us I could. I laughed and told him I would remember that. We missed most of the game but decided that we would go back to out seats. We told our new fuck buddy goodbye and went to sit down. 

The looks that people were giving us as we sat down made up wonder what was up. It’s not like they could have know or seen what we had been doing. 

The women and man in front of us turned around and smiled. She leaned towards me and I sat forward so I could hear what she was saying. " They had you guys on the screen on and off the entire time you were up there. Everyone in the arena knows what you were up to." She laughed told me not to be embarrassed and went back to the game. 

I wasn’t embarrassed nor was Matt. If anything this fueled us for our next round after the game. Which would be the reason why we left the game early any how.

In the parking garage the VIP area was already backed up so we got into my car and sat in the long line waiting to get out. We talked about the game and Audrey showing up. I asked if he was mad and he said no. He had no problem with it at all as long as it wasn’t with an other guy!

I was sweating so I took off my top shirt and sat in the car with a thin tank top and bra on letting the air blow on me. It must have been cold because Matt informed me that I was nipping! He reached over to grab them and I giggled ,or at least Matt said that I giggled which can’t be true because I don’t giggle, and swatted his hand. I was still sweating though, so I took off my jeans. So here I am in the passenger seat of my car in a parking garage in line half naked. Now how long would it take before one of us jumped the other.

Not very long. I took one look at Matt and he put the car in park, moved the seat back a little undid his pants pulled them down and began to stroke his cock. I took my panties off and slid my finger down my slit to make sure I was ready for him. 

"Ready?" he asked.

"oh fuck yea!" And I straddled his lap. Landing perfectly right so he slid right into me.

Thank God he is taller than me and that the windows are tinted. I bounced up and down on him the entire time we were in the garage making sure to not hinder his view or get in the way of him moving his legs to use the peddles. By the time we were out of the garage I had come at least twice and Matt said it would be a while for him……so I kept it up. I rode his cock half way home. And not once did we have a problem driving or with anyone seeing us. It was a very big turn on and a first for us both. When we got to my apartment the car smelled like sex, some of Matt’s come was on the door and there was a wet spot where I had been sitting on the edge of my seat earlier . I must have been rubbing myself on it and didn’t know it. 

We were both so exhausted that when we got in the door we striped and took a quick shower and fell in to bed, falling asleep instantly. Matt stayed the entire night with me. I woke with his arms around me and his leg thrown over mine as if to hold me down. 

Looking over at the clock I noticed it said 930. I panicked!

" Matt baby wake up its 930 we’re late for work!" I shook him and yelled at him.

"What…let a dying man sleep. I hurt all over…..there is no way in hell I am going into work today. And neither are you. So I suggest you come back over here and go back to sleep for a while so I can gather some strength before I ravage you again." His voice was sleepy and sexy. How could I turn that request down? I went back to sleep for two hours only to be woken by the phone. It was our boss.

"Mmhello? Mr. Boliski? Yes sure I realize what time it is. I know I didn’t call in …..you saw what??" Matt had finally woken up and looked at me wanting to know what was being said.

"Well yes sure I understand. Are you certain? Ok if that is the way you feel. Goodbye sir."

"What did he say? Do we have to look for new jobs?"

"Uh no…actually he asked if we enjoyed the game as much as it appeared we were. And then told me that we shouldn’t come in today but we can come in on Saturday and work late. He also informed me that he will allow us to be involved with each other as long as we are professional about it. But that we have to keep little shows like last night strictly to the bedroom so others at work or the exec’s don’t find out what we are doing and fire the three of us." I was shocked as hell. This had to be a dream.

"Oh …Ok…..so can I go back to bed now?"

Laughingly "Yes Matt you can both go back to bed now!"

So back to bed we went. We slept the entire day away. Who knew sex could leave you so tired?