 I want to thank my editor MidtownKitten for her great editing.

I have made some changes to some of my earlier stories (new editors) and you might want to reread them if you have already, or read them if you haven't.

I do appreciate constructive comments and Emails. High ratings will encourage me to write future stories.

=======

"Good morning, Uncle Dave," said Carl, my six-year-old nephew.

"Good morning, Carl. Did you sleep well?" I asked.

"Great," He replied, as he took the glass of milk I had just poured for him.

My girlfriend's brother Phil, along with his wife Carol, and their kids Carl and Kathie, had arrived from Philadelphia two days ago. They had come down to visit us in Delray Beach for Thanksgiving and were leaving for Disney World this morning.

Just then, Phil entered the kitchen. He was an average looking guy in his early thirties, slightly balding but in good physical shape. I poured him a cup of coffee and asked how he slept.

"Very good," he replied. "Unfortunately, Carol got up this morning with a serious migraine headache." 

"I am sorry to hear that," I replied. "Can I get her some aspirin?"

"I am afraid that won't help. Carol gets these once a month or so, and they can last a couple of days sometimes."

Just then, my girlfriend, Marsha came into the kitchen with her suitcase. She was packed and ready to head out on a business trip to Chicago.

"Good morning, Phil," she said and kissed him on the cheek. "How did you sleep?"

"I was just telling Dave that I slept well, but Carol woke up with a serious migraine," he repeated.

"That's terrible," she replied and grabbed the coffee I had just poured her.

"It looks like we will have to stay here a couple more days and cancel our trip to Disney World," Phil said.

"We are not going to Disney World?" Carl exclaimed in horror as he started to cry. 

"Your mother is sick and can't travel," Phil said, and patted Carl on the back, trying to console him. "We can still have fun here. We can go to the beach! Won't that be fun?"

"But I wanted to go to Disney World. You promised!" Carl cried. 

"Sorry, your mother is just not up to it."

Just then Kathie came into the room. She was nine years -old and had long brown hair. "Dad, did you say we are not going to Disney?" she demanded. "But I was looking forward to going so much!"

"Your mother can't ride in a car when she feels like this. She needs to be in bed."

Carl cryed, and Kathie stamped her foot in frustration.

"Phil, can't you take the kids to Disney World and leave Carol here?" Marsha asked.

"I don't want to put you both out," Phil said.

"It won't be a problem. We have plenty of space. I have to leave for the airport, but Dave will be here all week. Right, hon?"

"Absolutely. I don't travel again for business until next week. Carol can stay with me for a couple of days, and you can pick her up later in the week," I said as I rushed to prepare and serve breakfast.

"That is very nice," Phil said, "But..."

"No buts," Marsha cut in. "Kathie and Carl have been looking forward to this, and I am sure that Carol would like a couple of days of quiet time."

"Let me check with Carol," Phil said and headed to the bedroom where they had spent the last two nights. He returned five minutes later and said, "I spoke with Carol. Are you sure having her stay with you won't be a bother?"

"Not at all," I replied. "Things are quiet here during the day, and Carol should be able to get some rest. I just have a couple of conference calls to make, and I am working on a report that is due by the end of the week. There is plenty of food in the fridge, and it will be great to have the company if she feels up to it later."

"OK then," Phil said.

Both kids started jumping up and down, clapping and yelling in excitement.

Carl ran around the kitchen and cheered, "Disney World! Disney World! We are going to Disney World! Yeah!"

Marsha finished her breakfast and kissed her niece and nephew goodbye.

"I hope you all have a great time," she said and gave her brother a hug.

She turned to me and said, "Take care of Carol for me, OK baby?"

"Absolutely. But you will owe me when you get back," I whispered the last part in her ear as I squeezed her ass playfully.

"Behave! The children are watching," she whispered back.

She gave me a lingering kiss, and then I opened the door to the garage and closed it behind her as she left.

I finished up the breakfast dishes as Phil got the kids ready to go. Once the car was packed, I hugged them and told them to have a wonderful time.

"Don't worry," I told Phil. "You guys enjoy yourselves, and I'll take care of Carol."

"Thanks, Dave," Phil said, as he got into the car. "I really appreciate this."

I waved as they headed off to the "happiest place on Earth" while I headed back inside to finish my coffee and start my quiet day at home. 

---

I spent the day working from my home office. Phil called around three o'clock to say that they were at Disney and were having a good time. I told him that Carol hadn't left her room all day, but he assured me that wasn't uncommon when she had a migraine and told me not to worry.

By four o'clock, I had finished my conference calls and decided to take the rest of the day off. It was a hot day, so I decided to pour myself a glass of wine and take a dip in the pool. Our entire backyard was enclosed by a high fence, giving us plenty of privacy from the neighbors, which was perfect because I liked to swim naked. I stripped down and dove in, cooling down in the afternoon sun.

I left the pool after about fifteen minutes and grabbed my towel to dry off. That was when I noticed Carol behind the patio doors leading to the pool. I immediately wrapped the towel around my waist and walked over to her.

"I am so sorry; I forgot you were here. I normally swim in the buff," I said, blushing.

"I apologize for startling you," Carol replied with a smile. "I just got up and wondered where you went."

Carol was wearing a short, turquoise, silk bathrobe. She was an attractive woman in her early thirties. She was about 5'1" and 120 lbs. with long, straight brown hair and what I guessed were C-cup breasts, possibly Ds.

"I just wrapped up work and decided to take a quick dip. How are you feeling? Can I get you something to eat?" I asked.

"I think I have mostly recovered. I am not hungry right now, but you can pour me a glass of wine."

"Red or white?" I asked as I pulled out a wine glass.

"White please," Carol responded.

I pulled the bottle of Pinot Grigio that I was drinking out of the fridge and poured her a glass. In the process, my towel nearly fell off.

Carol laughed and said, "Wine and a show."

"X rated!" I replied, and we both laughed.

She watched as I adjusted my towel around my waist. "I see you lack tan lines," she said with an amused tone.

"Marsha and I like to go into the pool nude. In fact, we spend most of the time at home nude," I explained. "Clothes are for company."

"When will Marsha be flying back?" Carol asked as she sipped her wine.

"The day after tomorrow."

"You have a great pool. I should take a dip too," Carol said, as she quickly finished off the entire glass of wine.

"Sure, grab your suit. I will go get mine," I said, and I started to turn for the bedroom.

"Why bother?" she asked, and with that, Carol untied the silk belt holding her robe together and let it fall to the floor. "We are both adults."

I was shocked. There was Carol totally naked. Her breasts were more like Ds, and she had a sexy, cute little body with a carefully groomed pussy. She walked past me and opened the patio door to the pool. I grabbed the wine bottle and a couple of plastic glasses nearby and followed her, still holding my towel around me. I closed the patio door behind us and watched her sit down at the edge of the pool before gently dropping in. I sat down in the pool-side recliner and took a generous sip of wine.

"Can you pour me another glass?" she asked, as she swam slowly in the water.

I took the other plastic wine glass and poured her another glass of wine, placing it on the side of the pool. Once again, my towel nearly fell off. Carol swam over and pressed her large, naked breasts against the edge of the pool as she took a drink.

"That's good wine," she said with a smile, then continued, "Come on in and join me."

I was not sure what to do. I was not a prude by any stretch of the imagination, but I was now sure how to handle this. As I thought about a response, Carol reached up with her hand and yanked the towel away from my waist.

She laughed and repeated, "Come on in and join me."

"Sure," I said and slipped into the water. As I did so, I noticed that my cock was becoming aroused.

We both swam around the pool for a while, keeping a respectful distance from each other. We talked about her migraines, and she told me that she got them about once a month. She said that her doctors did not know what caused them, but that they might be related to stress.

"Stress?" I asked. "What stress?" It seemed like Carol and Phil were totally happy. Phil had a great job, and the kids were healthy.

"You might recall that Phil had an operation a few years ago," Carol said. "It was for prostate cancer," she admitted.

"I remember. I thought he was in full remission," I said.

"Yes, he is. No more cancer." She finished the rest of her glass of wine and continued, "Unfortunately, there is a side effect." The smile had vanished from her face, and she looked very sad. "Please don't tell anyone about this, especially Marsha, but he is impotent."

"I am so sorry," I said quietly. "I can't imagine how hard that must be."

"We haven't had sex in over four years."

I didn't know how to reply, and then the wine grabbed my tongue. "Well, there are other ways of satisfying each other."

"Oh yes, we have all the toys. We own more vibrators than anyone I know. But over the last couple years, even that has not lasted. I think when we use toys, it just reminds him of what he can no longer do himself." She turned her head and started to cry.

I swam over to her and gave her a delicate hug, letting her bury her head in my neck. I could feel her breasts pressing against my chest, and I couldn't help but think that. Her breasts were surprisingly firm for a woman who had two children. As she continued to hug me, I was aware that my cock was becoming more and more erect, and I couldn't exactly hide it from her.

Carol pulled away slightly and looked me in the face. She had a serious expression as she asked, "Do you love Marsha?"

I was shocked by the question. "Of course I do. She is a wonderful woman, and I am very lucky."

"And I love Phil very much, but it is so hard for me to live without any physical attention. I have thought about having an affair, but I didn't want to add the complexity of someone that could potentially fall in love with me." She once again hugged me and whispered in my ear, "Can you help me? I love him and don't want to cheat on him, but I need sex. I need to feel a cock inside me. Just sex nothing more."

With that, she embraced me and kissed me long on the lips. I was not sure what to do. At first, I kissed her passively, not opening my mouth. We continued to kiss slowly. I was so confused, but I was becoming more excited. Our kisses became more passionate, and her tongue began to probe my mouth. My penis continued to swell with excitement. My head was spinning. This was so wrong, so exciting, and so surreal.

Carol was aware of my arousal and moved her hand slowly down to my groin. She delicately rubbed my member, all the while continuing to kiss me. Slowly, she began to stroke my dick back and forth in a slow pumping motion. Instinctively I began to massage her tits, pinching her nipples lightly with my fingers. She drew away from my mouth and moaned slightly. She stopped pumping and began to squeeze my balls in a slow, rhythmic fashion. I could not recall the last time I got this excited. Marsha and I had great sex, but this forbidden situation was a major aphrodisiac. I reached down to Carol's pussy. She felt hot to my touch, and her body began to shudder. 

"God, I just want to suck a hard cock," She gasped.

I pulled myself out of the pool and sat on the edge. Carol eyed my erect rod hungrily. She began to lick the underside of my cock and then sucked on the tip. 

"God, you're good, baby. Oh yes, very good," I moaned, as she continued to gently lick and suck my dick.

I saw her smile, and then all at once, she took me deep.

"Fuck!" I gasped in a loud voice. I hoped the neighbors weren't listening.

She released me slowly from the depths of her throat. She used her teeth on my cock, delicately scraping my engorged manhood as she withdrew.

"You are amazing!" I grunted through clenched teeth.

She released my cock from her mouth and said, "Don't cum. Please don't cum yet."

"I am not sure I can last much longer," I grunted again.

"In that case, let's move to someplace more comfortable," She said, winking at me.

She swam to the pool stairs and climbed out, giving me a nice view of her shapely ass as she emerged. She walked over to me, and I took her hand, letting her pull me to my feet. We kissed again, and she guided me over to a lounge chair near the pool.

Carol laid back on the chair with her legs spread. She opened her pussy lips and said, "Please?"

I knew what she wanted. I knelt down at the end of the lounge chair. "Are you sure this is wise?" I asked, hovering just above her pussy.

She responded by leaning forward and gently forcing my head into her cunt.

My tongue touched her clit, and she shuddered. I could smell her musk intermixed with the smell and taste of chlorine from the pool. Carol continued to hold my head tight to her crotch, and I continued to lick her slit. She moaned, panted, and writhed as my tongue moved up and down and back and forth. She bent her knees, and her thighs squeezed the sides of my head.

"Yes, Dave. Please, Dave," she begged.

She groaned and shook as I tasted her juices and felt her climax.

"My God, that was so wonderful! Vibrators do have their limits," Carol sighed.

I rested my head on her hip and continued to massage her clit with my fingers. After a few minutes, she pulled my head up and toward her mouth. Again, she kissed me deeply and passionately. I now rested on top of her small frame; my chest pressed tightly against her breasts and. My hard cock pressed against her thigh, just to the left of her pussy. She maneuvered her body so the tip of my cock was just below her glory hole then reached down and pushed my body up so that she could place the tip of my cock on the outside of her warm lips. I could feel her juices on the head of my cock as I began to inch inside of her.

This is so wrong,  I thought, even as I moved deeper into Carol. She's my sister-in-law!  Then I thought, No, not quite.  After all, Marsha and I weren't married. I knew that didn't make it any better, but all thoughts of Marsha were pushed from my mind as Carol grabbed me with both arms and kissed me, as I jammed my rod deep into her wet cunt.

Carol gasped, "Yes Dave, fuck me. Fuck me, please. It has been so very long." I began to move in and out of her, faster and faster. "Yes! Yes, give it to me, yes!" she cried out to the rhythm of my strokes.

My cock was like a rock, and all at once I realized that I did not have a condom on. "Carol, I am not firing blanks. This is very dangerous," I said and pulled out of her.

"It's ok, I had my tubes tied after my second was born," she announced, as she moved out from under me. She kissed me as I lay back on the lounge and she positioned herself just above my erect member with her legs on both sides of the cushion. She grabbed my cock and aimed it directly at her waiting hole, then lowered herself slowly until my entire length was deep inside her.

"Damn, that is good," I muttered.

She just smiled and continued to move back and forth with me. I watched as her breasts bounced up and down to the movement of my strokes. She had her eyes closed and bit her lower lip, as she moved faster.

"Dave, I am going to cum again!" she cried.

I felt my balls tighten with excitement and fluid. "I am close too," I gasped.

"Not yet! Please not yet," she begged.

I could feel it now. I had to use all my control to keep from unloading into her. "Carol, I can't hold it."

"Wait, wait," she gasped, shaking her head from side to side. A couple of seconds later, I felt her start to cum as she looked at me and said, "Now!"

At the same instant, all my self-control evaporated, and I unloaded my hot seed into her equally hot pussy. I was so excited that it seemed like I gave her five or six separate large pulses.

"Fuck yes!" I said as I experienced my intense climax.

I continued to shudder and could not talk for several minutes. Carol lay down on top of me, and the sun was hot on our naked bodies. I could smell chlorine and sex, as our perspiration mingled.

Carol whispered in my ear, "Thank you. I really needed that. I promise that this will be our little secret. I think you might have just saved my marriage."

I kissed her forehead gently and said, "You are a wonderful lady. Phil is very lucky to have you."

She kissed me lightly on the lips and said softly with a smile, "Save my marriage again later?"