 There was a knock at the door. Barney turned off his Wall/TV got up from his couch and walked over to the door. He opened it and was met by a crying Lily. "Lily what happened? Why are you crying?" Barney asked.

"After we got home from Shinjitsu, M. Marshall and I got into a big fight about him going to work at that stupid environmental place and not being paid for it. And we started shouting and, and I ran out of the apartment." Lily burst into tears and fell into Barneys arms.

"Hey, hey. It's going to be alright. You and Marshall are the best couple I know. It'll work out." Barney comforted Lily and stroked her hair as he hugged her.

"Now are you going to come on in here so I can cheer you up or what?"

Lily wiped away her tears and walked into Barney's apartment.

"Take a seat. Would you like some coffee?" Barney offered.

"Coffee? I thought you didn't make coffee at home."

"Yeah, no I didn't but when Robin and I were dating she got pretty annoying about it, so y'know I have a coffee machine and stuff now."

"Well alright then I'll have a cup."

"So Lily why did you come to me about this? You and I don't exactly see eye to eye about that relationship stuff." Barney asked as he started up the coffee machine.

"Believe me you were not my first choice." Lily mocked as she wiped away the last of her tears.

"Wow thanks Lil."

"Anyway. Robin's working again, and Ted's been all broken up and annoying over Victoria so I'd probably end up comforting him. You were my last choice."

"Well it's alright. Y'know I'm not as evil as you think I am. Here" Barney handed Lily a cup of coffee and sat down beside her.

"I kind of impressed that you wear the ducky tie at home, when none of us are around."

"What can I say? I'm a man of my word. Anyway it's like 1 in the morning. I'll go get the guest bed ready for you and you can go to bed. You seem pretty tired." Barney stood up.

"Thanks Barney. You're not really too evil are you?"

***

What seemed like days later Lily awoke to humming and faint sounds coming from Barney's living room. She checked the alarm clock next to her bed, it was 3:30 in the morning, and Lily asked herself out loud "I wonder what has Barney up so late?" Lily got out of Barney's guest bed, slipped on her boots and got out of bed. As she walked towards the living room the sounds grew louder. She could hear moaning and whispers of 'Yeah baby' and 'Just like that girl' and then slapping sounds as well. Lily didn't know what to think.

She walked over to the living room door and opened it. The lights were all out and the curtains were all closed, but the room was still illuminated by the great glow of Barney's massive TV. She turned the corner, saw Barney and stopped dead in her tracks eyes open wide in shock. 'Oh my God' she whispered to herself. Barney was sitting on his couch with a blanket over his legs, one hand in the blanket playing with something. Barney was watching a dirty movie and jerking off to it no less. The movie got very heated very suddenly. The male actor in the porno, with his 10' cock had just cum all over the girls' cute face, silky blonde hair, and amazing double D tits, but this guy wasn't finished. He was instantly hard again. He grabbed the girl by her waist and flipped her into the doggy position. He started to rapidly pound her ass as she screamed out in pleasure.

Lily bit her lip. She already missed Marshal. It was getting to that time of night when Marshall would be destroying her cunt like that. "God Marshall hasn't done that to me in a while." Barney started to jerk off with both hands, matching the sound of the big guy's balls slapping the girl's ass in the porno. "Oh God it's been too long since I've done that to a girl!" Barney shouted out.

"Well in the apartment at least." Barney smiled at his remark. He was jerking off so furiously now that his blanket fell to the ground. He left it and what was revealed was a cock much bigger than Marshalls. "Holy crap! I can't take this anymore!" Lily announced and walked over to Barney. Barney heard her boots on the floor and quickly fumbled for his blanket. He covered his man and then quickly shut off his TV. "Hey there Barney. Whatcha doin'?" Lily asked. A devious smile on her face.

"Oh um. N- Nothing."

"Oh don't give me that crap. I've been standing at the door for like the past five minutes."

"Seriously? And you didn't think to tell me that?"

"Well I saw how you were enjoying yourself and, to be honest, I was likin' the show a bit myself."

"Oh really? You like what you saw?

"Oh most definitely." Lily stood in front of Barney and smiled again.

"Y'know, Robin told me you were impressive, but she never warned me you had the endowment of a God." Lily stood right up to Barney and went down on her knees.

"You know. Marshall and I are as good as over, but that doesn't mean I can't have fun. Besides, I don't know any other way I could thank you for letting me stay here."

"Hold on Lily I was just jokin' around. What are you doing?"

"What's the matter Barney? You've always wanted me. And to be honest ever since Robin started telling me of the crazy sex you guys were having I've wanted you more than I had ever wanted Marshall." Lily reached for the blanket and threw it to the ground. She then reached for Barneys cock, looking into his eyes the whole time.

She brought her head up to Barney's rock hard 11' incher and opened her mouth. "What the hell. Fuck it. I've always wanted this. And Robin wasn't much of a cock sucker, so I both deserve and need this. Barney's cock sprung straight and Lily's eyes widened with eagerness. "Atta boy!" 

Lily started to lick the tip of Barney's cock. With one hand she jerked him off and with the other she played with his balls. She liked the underside of Barney's cock up and down. When she reached the top she plunged it into her mouth. Barney groaned out in ecstasy. She kept stroking his cock and playing with his balls. She was fitting about 6' off Barney into her mouth. She decided to do something that she had never done for Marshall, to really stick it to him. She brought her head up and took a deep breath while still stroking Barney. She brought her head down with speed and plunged the full length of Barney's cock down her throat. Her head dove at such great speed that she hit Barney's pelvis. "Oh God yeah!" Lily kept her head there for a few seconds. She then brought it up and took a deep breath. She once again engulfed Barney's long, hard cock. She kept blowing Barney with great grace and skill until eventually, during one last attempt and staying down for longer, Lily's mouth was suddenly flooded with Barney's hot and sticky cum. She planned on bringing her head up but thought better of it.

She instead kept her head down and drank up all of Barney's cum. "Wow Lil. That... That was the best blow I ever had." 

Lily brought her head up. She climbed onto the couch and lied down, her head at Barney's crotch. "Thanks Barney, but frankly it's the least I could do. Hopefully I'll be getting a lot more practice in, in the near future." She smiled and started to kiss and lick Barney's cock.

"I'd be happy to help with that."

TBC...