 It was a Friday night. Another night at the club with my good friends. I was wearing black jeans, a white undershirt that dipped low enough to show the top curves of my breasts, and a long-sleeved button up shirt, opened just enough so that my cleavage peeked out. 

I swear, my tits could talk that night. I don't usually feel like I look hot, but I felt hot that night. It was like my tits were doing the talking for me! 

"Hello, handsome..." 

"Buy me a drink?" 

"Sure, she's up there, but WE'RE down here..." 

And they were certainly doing a great job of it. 

About halfway through my second game of pool, and more than a dozen grizzly stares later, he came walking up, and placed his quarters on the table. 

As luck would have it, I won the game I had been playing, so I stood waiting as he racked up the balls for our game. He approached me, a smile on his face, and extended his hand. 

It wasn't the way his smile tilted off to one side, or the way his hand slid softly into mine, or even the way whatever manly scent it was that he had on went drifting up into my nasal cavity in slow, sensual waves that made my stomach ball up, then melt into a warm pool of need between my thighs... 

No. It was his eyes. Deep green, and seeded with a passion I knew nothing about, those eyes drove into mine with an intensity that I could swear was visible to everyone in the room. This gaze was intended for me, however. His eyes never left mine as he introduced himself, and held my hand in his. 

From the moment those emeralds locked with mine, every inch of my skin was instantly on full alert. It was as if every moment he looked at me, I lost a bit more of my insanity to whatever heat was building deep inside my belly. I could feel his eyes on me, even when I wasn't meeting them with my own. As I played the game, he was watching me, and I could feel his gaze moving over my curves just like a well-practiced hand would move. Slowly. Tenderly. Admirably caressing every inch. 

Eventually, I won, and the game ended. He smiled and walked away, as I took on the next challenger. Even as I played, I couldn't get him out of my mind. I could still feel his gaze, but I couldn't see him anywhere. 

It was at the bar that we met again. I was getting a water, and he approached from behind me. I could feel his eyes before I saw them, and smiled at him as I turned around. 

"So, you come here often?" he asked. I giggled. 

"Far too stereotypical a pick-up line for someone with eyes as classy as yours, Michael." He smiled at me, resting his hand on the small of my back as we walked together towards a small table. We sat and made small talk for what seemed like hours, those eyes never leaving mine. His eyes were so interactive. They laughed when he laughed, they smiled when he smiled, and they danced when we danced. 

After hours of dancing and talking, we found ourselves sitting in the parking lot of the bar, on the tailgate of his truck, waiting on my friend to come outside, so I could go home. Under the pale lighting of the towering lamps overhead, I once again searched his eyes for an explanation of this burning need for him that was brewing inside me. But all I found was depth. 

It was then that he kissed me. 

His lips swept and danced across mine in slow, sensual movements that set every nerve in my body on fire. His hands on my cheeks, my neck, my breasts, they drew every muscle to an intense relaxation that was quickly followed by an enormous wave of heat and desire. I could feel his length pressing against my thigh, telling me that he, too, wanted what I had been unavoidably craving all night from him. He wanted this. This kiss, this moment. And so much more. 

His hands fumbled at my jeans, unbuttoning them frantically as his kiss worked it's way slowly down my spine, tingling inch by inch towards where his hand was working to go. At the same moment that tingle found the apex of my thighs, his hand slipped beneath the fabric of my panties, and... 

Those eyes met mine. Those deep green eyes, filled with passion and visibly burning arousal. For a brief moment, he caught my eye before his fingers met my, now throbbing, clit. Then his lips closed down on mine, and his finger slipped gently into my pussy. He slowly worked my body into a frenzy, his lips teasing my neck as his fingers found my g-spot. I gave up suppressing my moans, forgetting the people who could be walking by, and completely losing myself in the pleasure he was offering to me. Moments before I exploded, I met his gaze again, and read, in his eyes, exactly what he wanted from me. 

No words were said, but I could hear him thinking it.

"I want to fuck you. Slowly. Sweetly. I want to take you. Hard and fast. I want your pussy to swallow my cock, and your mouth to lick me clean when I..."

Ohhhh Yes I was coming! His mouth crashed onto mine, swallowing my scream as I came hard all over his fingers. He kept them there, massaging slowly until my frantic moans became soft, subtle whimpers. Then he brought them to my lips, and let me lick them clean. 

"I want to fuck you." It took me a moment to realize it was his mouth saying it this time. 

"I know. But I can't tonight. I'm staying at my friend's house." 

"Ok. When?" 

"How about we meet up for a not-so-holy Sunday?" 

"Sounds great." 

~~ Sunday ~~ 

Sitting across from him, I quietly ate my omlette, looking up to meet his gaze every few moments. He smiled at me over his glass as he sipped on his water. Despite the crappy service of the restaurant, this meal had turned out to be one of great conversation, and sexual tension that was so thick, I could almost see it. 

"How is your food?" He asked, reaching across the table to grab my hand. I laced my fingers in his and smiled at him. 

"Fantastic." 

"I can't help but notice those eyes of yours. So beautiful, such a bright blue! It's like I could get lost in them." I blushed at this compliment and leaned a bit closer to him. 

"That's funny. I could say the same thing about those incredible emeralds you have floating in your eyes." 

The conversation floated on, lingering from subject to subject, losing ourselves in semi-meaningless words about cars, sports, and relationships. 

"Personally, I prefer the look of the more modern Mustang... Their offense is really great this year!... I think trust is so important to a healthy relationship."

The bill came, and we walked out, hand-in-hand to the truck. He helped me in, and for one brief moment, his fingers brushed against my crotch. I turned and glared at him, with a look of surprise that I had no reason to have. The heat in the gaze I met almost melted me. He closed the door and walked around, climbing in the driver's side. He inserted the key and slipped the truck in reverse as his hand came over and grabbed mine. 

Moments later we were driving through a neighborhood. For what reason, I'm not quite sure. Making small talk, I tried to keep distracted from the burning warmth I had in between my thighs. I was doing a great job of it, too, until his thumb grazed my nipple. 

My breath caught in my throat as my nipple instantly peaked. His thumb flicked over it again, and I glanced over at him. He was staring straight ahead as if nothing had happened. 

"I want you inside me. Now." 

Saying nothing, he turned the wheel, directing the truck down a deserted road and backing us into a clearing. No houses around, no one to hear me scream. Normally, I would have been nervous. Right now, I was just trying to deal with the burning desire that had somehow appeared from thin air and settled itself in depths of my torso... 

He remained silent as he slid out of the drivers seat, turning the truck off, and jogging around the truck to my side. He opened my door and grabbed my hand, pulling me out of the truck and pressing me against the side of the truck with strong, but soft hands. 

He met my gaze for a moment, before bringing a hand up to my face, brushing away my hair and cupping my face in his palm. He kissed me. 

Every nerve in my body was on fire. I barely noticed as one of his hands left my breasts to fumble around for the handle to the backseat of the truck. I definitely noticed when that hand came back to my breasts, the intense heat instantly strengthening beneath his touch. Need pounded in my veins, and my breathing came in shorter gasps as he moved us around the door, pressing me against the seat. His mouth was doing such a great job at distracting me as it kissed my lips, my tongue, my jawline, my neck, and my collarbone, that I didn't even realize what his hands had been doing until his finger slid effortlessly inside my... 

Ohhhh dear GOD how did this man know just where to go?? 

My body was writhing against his, with more passion flooding through my body with each stroke of his fingers. I lost myself, somewhere in those moments of his mouth on my skin, and his fingers on my body, with an intensity that nearly knocked me off my feet. My scream echoed through the trees that surrounded us as I peaked, almost effortlessly on his part, beneath his touch. 

I dropped to my knees. Not because of the flooding pleasure in my body, but because of the need I had to taste cock. His cock. My fingers fumbled with his jeans as his hands ran through my hair, pulling my face up to look at him. The crooked smile on his face, mixed well with the passion in his eyes, sent fire surging through my veins again as I took his length in my fingers. 

His skin was so exquisite under my fingers. So soft, and so warm. I admired him as my fingers massaged slowly up and down the length of his cock. The length was perfect. Longer than average, but not long enough to hurt... much. The girth was amazing! I couldn't touch my fingers together when my hand wrapped around it. The way he moved beneath me, his hips moving slowly, thrusting against my touch... His cock twitching as my fingers grazed over his skin. Every reaction he had was pure heaven. Especially his moans... Those deep, raspy groans... 

When I finally took him in my mouth, the animalistic sound that escaped his throat nearly made me cum again. God, this man was amazing. The taste of his cock! Such a desirable taste. His skin was so soft against my tongue, and the way it rippled beneath my touch sent the same effect down my spine... When he started dripping precum, I quickly lapped it up with my tongue. The way he moved underneath me, I could tell he was going to lose control if I kept this up any more. Before moving back up his body, I pressed his cock up against his belly and looked up at him, pausing for a moment to concentrate on his face. My eyes locked with his. 

I extended my tongue and slowly touched it to his balls. He jumped, and I giggled as I pulled away. And again, I moved in, this time just the tip of my tongue met his skin, and I slowly licked my way up... Ever so slowly trailing my way up over his balls, slowly up the shaft of his cock. As if it were waiting to meet me there, another drop of precum met my tongue at the tip of his cock. I flicked my tongue over the head, catching the small, sweet drop of cream and finally closing my eyes as I brought it into my mouth, and let out a soft moan. 

That did it. 

Before I knew what was happening he pulled me up, nearly throwing me in the back of the truck as he ripped my pants down my legs, and pushed his down, pulling his feet out. He almost jumped into the truck, and I giggled softly welcoming him into my arms. His hands immediately found my breasts, yanking my shirt up over them, and pulling them out from the cover of my bra, exposing the nipple. I had taken so much pleasure in pleasing him that I forgot how good his mouth felt on my skin. 

Oh, sweet Jeezus, he was nibbling. His teeth sent shockwaves down my body to where his fingers were once again working their magic. His mouth moved from one nipple to the other, teasing and torturing my body as his fingers moved in slow, almost painful circles just around my clit. Never touching it, just teasing me. His mouth came up to my neck where he nibbled lightly for a moment.

Everything slowed way down. 

His fingers nearly stopped, as they came to an even slower pace around my clit. 

His teeth slowly nibbled from my nipple, up to my neck where his lips came to a rest on my ear. 

His finger stopped moving... 

"Beg."

The words fell out of my mouth. I begged him to touch me... As his mouth moved down my body, I begged for more... When his tongue skittered across my belly, I begged him to go lower... When his mouth lingered just above my now throbbing clit, I begged him to taste me... And when his tongue dove into my sweetness, I begged for release... 

Moments later, my body exploded. His mouth stayed on my pussy as I shook and moaned beneath him. He showed no mercy as his tongue thrashed over my clit. He quickly moved up my body, taking one leg and putting it over his shoulder. He took his cock in one hand and rubbed it up and down my pussy, rubbing faster and faster, and soon, I was coming again, shaking harder and nearly screaming his name... Just as the shaking started to subside, he slowly started to slide his cock deeper, and deeper inside me until his pelvic bone was pressing against my thighs... 

He began a slow, steady rhythym, pumping his cock in and out of my wet, quivering pussy. My moans grew louder with each stroke. He started pumping faster, slamming his cock deep inside my pussy. I screamed his name as I came again all over his cock. His breathing got heavier, and he looked down at me, those deep green eyes filled with passion and need. His smile was so sweet as he stared into my eyes and whispered four words that sent me flying, again. 

"That's my dirty girl..."

I let out a long, screaming moan, and he leaned up, picking up my other leg and spreading my legs as far as the back seat would let him, pounding my pussy harder than I thought possible. He let out a long, loud moan as he exploded deep inside me, his cum flowing, hot and wet, into my pussy... 

He held me there, in the back seat of his truck. I knew I would have a bruise on my ass from where it kept slamming into some bar under his seat, but I really didn't care. I had those emerald green eyes staring back at me, and at the moment... nothing else mattered.