 All characters in this story are 18 years old.

*****

Emily and I have known each other for almost 3 years, some of it was spent not talking, the rest however involved non-stop flirting, innuendos and late night rendezvous. We first met at a pool party hosted by our mutual friend Clarissa during our first year of college and due to the fact that 18 year old me sucked with women we didn't really speak. Flash forward 6 months to the biggest sorority party of the year. Clarissa and Emily attended the same sorority and I was Clarissa's date, Emily took her boyfriend Chris. 

She looked stunning, her perky C cups practically spilling out of her pink dress, dirty blonde hair falling in curls down her shoulders. And her ass, ever since we met I've wanted to bend her over, spank her and then fuck her ass for hours until she screamed for me. But for now I just had to look as she and Chris were grinding all over each other on the dance floor. Eventually as the night wore on Chris disappeared, apparently deep in conversation with the others over his stupid physics project. This gave me the perfect opportunity to make an impression.

I took her by the hand and led her to the dance floor, leaning in close whenever I spoke so my lips lightly touched her ear and my hand rested on her hip. Eventually I stayed close to her, my hand travelling lower as we were pushed together in the crowd of people. Her hand slipped around my neck and for what seemed like forever our faces were inches away as our bodies pressed against each other to the beat. I could feel her tits pressing against my chest, and the outline of her panties through her dress. The moment ended as quickly it began though, and I was left with a raging hard on for the rest of the night.

The next day she text me, "Hey you, thanks for the dance last night :P"

"No problem, couldn't let a pretty girl like you sit around waiting for her bf to dance," I replied hastily.

"Haha yeah well I guess he was just excited about his project. Hey, random question were you trying to cop a feel of my ass last night?", shit. busted. "Haha yeah I guess so," I replied, "was it okay?"

"lol yeah, its just dancing, and to be honest having a cutie like you wanna grab my ass isn't the worst thing in the world :P" holy shit, is she flirting with me? I didn't even have time to comprehend what was happening until the text that kick-started three years of forbidden friendship was sent, "Are you a virgin?"

Confused I replied, "umm yeah lol, not even a bj yet, you?" not even two seconds went by until she answered, "Oh no babe, me and Chris do it all the time, I'm asking cause you're pretty cute and I tried setting you up with Clarissa but she's a prude,"

I was dumbstruck, in six month Emily had gone from uptight, barely wearing a bikini and never kissing a boy to admitting she loves to fuck? So I pushed, "Wow, didn't know you liked sex, what turns you on?"

And from there she told me everything, how she likes being choked and spanked, how she wants to try anal, have a girl on girl experience, fuck in public and so on. The Emily I thought I knew was innocent, this girl was a dirty slut through and through, and I loved it. I would jerk off to her instagram for the next 6 months after she'd tell me what new thing Chris did to her and how it made her cum so hard she was shaking forever. Eventually I became determined to fuck her myself, regardless of her boyfriend. Over the next year or so, things took a turn. Our conversations led to sexting, hypothetical conversations about how we'd please each other. Everytime Chris would fuck up, and there were many times, she'd come to me complaining about him and I'd comfort her, which always led to us getting each other off, through texting, phone sex and pictures. And I didn't give a single fuck that she had a boyfriend.

Finally, after a year of this we were hanging out in my car and she said to me, "I know we always talk about having sex and stuff, but would you actually do it? Sex with Chris just isn't that great anymore, I want to be faithful but I need a good fucking," She looked me dead in the eye, biting her lip. At long last she was sending me signs that she actually wanted to fuck. So I kissed her, I grabbed her ass and let our tongues dance as the past two years of sexual tension was released. She started stroking my cock, moaning softly into my mouth until suddenly she pulled away, "Fuck me properly, you know everything that turns me on so take me out for night on the town and we can fuck all night," 

So that's what I did, I booked a hotel room and we went to a bar on the other side of town that doesn't card you and where we knew none of our friends could find us. We drank, danced like we were practically fucking with clothes on and kissed each other with insane lust. Eventually I couldn't take it, so when the dance floor was packed and the lights were low I reached down and fingered her in public. She was wearing a tight singlet and a short skirt without any bra or panties so my fingers easily slipped into her wet cunt. She groaned into my neck as I rubbed her clit to the beat of the music, completely unaware of the 100 other people pressing us together. I pulled my fingers out and she greedily sucked them clean, looking me dead in the eye the entire time.

It. Is. Fucking. On.

The whole trip to the hotel room is a slew of dirty shit. First, I have her rub her pussy through her skirt in full view of the uber driver, then I reached down the back of her skirt to play with her pussy while we're in the elevator and finally, I made her flash the janitor in the hallway. When we get inside I pick her up and push her up against the wall, her legs wrapped around me as my cock presses against her soaking wet pussy. We are a tangle of arms and legs as we try and strip each other as fast as possible, rolling around on the floor.

Eventually I pull her top off and her skirt down and begin eating her out, licking up her sweet juices. My tongue pushing deep inside her as I suck her clit, her hands force my face down into her pussy and she moans over and over. Wanting to take it up a notch i slip two fingers into her, now I'm licking and biting her clit, sending jolts of pain and pleasure up her spine, making her shudder. 

"Oh fuckkk yes baby right there, fuck! You're going to make me cum so soon!" She yells, her breathing getting shorter and her moans longer. I keep up the assault on her cunt. She's mine now, my slut to play with, and this surely won't be the last of her orgasms tonight. 

"AGGHHH YES FUCK OH YES YES YES I CUMMING!" and with that her juices spill out of her cunt and onto my chin, her knees clamp over my head and i feel her thighs shake as a wave of pleasure crashes over her. Eventually I stop for a moment to hear her panting, "You had enough Em?" I smirk up at her, she grins with a clear look of lust on her face, "Fuck no baby, show me that cock,"

I stand up and drop my pants, revealing my 8 inch cock rock hard for her. Her eyes almost bulge out of her head, "Holy shit! You never told me it was this big! I mean, I've seen pics and felt it up a little but in person, I don't know if I can take it all," and that was total bullshit. The girl is a blowjob queen. She started by licking from the base to the tip of my cock, before taking all 8 inches at once. I could feel her tongue licking up and down my dick while she sucked and slurped, I grabbed her hair and started face fucking her, spit dripping down her throat as she took my cock like the dirty slut she is. I pulled her up and kissed her, spit and pussy juicy mixing. 

"Fuck me, fuck me harder than Chris ever does, make me fucking cum," she breathed into my ear. So with that I finally turned her around, bent her over, spanked that wonderful ass and begin fucking her doggystyle. As soon as I began thrusting she was moaning,

"Yes baby! Harder, deeper! Pound this pussy!"

I grabbed her hair and continued spanking her until her ass was red, it only made her scream louder,

"Spank me! Fuck me like a slut baby! UGH YES FUCKING THERE" But I wasn't letting her cum so soon, I lifted her up, took her to the window of the hotel room and pressed her tits against the glass. From there, anyone who looked up could see my slut being fucked by a big cock, and she loved it. I knew at that moment she wasn't thinking about her boyfriend, their dates, their plans, or his dick. She was blindly horny for one thing, my cock, buried in her cunt until she came.

After I was done with that we went to the bed, "Ok hotstuff, time for me to make you cum," she said, straddling me. In one motion she took my dick and sank all 8 inches into her wet pussy. Her eyes rolled back as I stretched her out, my cock filling her entire pussy, hitting her g spot. As she began to ride me I could bite, suck and pinch her perfect nipples. That only made her more horny.

"Ughhh fuck yes baby it hurts so good, pinch me, spank me, choke me like a little whore, make me cum all over this cock," she moaned, voice filled with need. I gripped her throat and pulled her down to me, choking her as her hips began grinding on me faster and faster, "Is this better than your boyfriend Em? You like having another man's cock inside you huh?"

"Yes, fuck him, this is amazing, fuck me harder please baby, I need to cum, I want you,"

I could feel myself getting close now as she lifted herself off my cock and slammed back down, taking my full length over and over again.

"You want me to fuck you like my cumslut?" I growled, gripping her hips and thrusting up into her cunt,

"Argh, ahhhhh fuckkkk yesss babe I'm your cumslut, fuck me harder!" she breathlessly whispered into my ear. I picked up speed, thrusting up and pounding her pussy relentlessly, the sound of our passionate fucking echoing in the room, only to be drowned out by her screams of pleasure.

"FUCK YES FUCK ME, JUST LIKE THAT! YES OH FUCKKK IM GONNA CUM!" I picked up speed, biting her nipple as she propped herself up on my chest, her whole body shaking as I pounded her cunt relentlessly, ready to explode,

"AHHHH FUCKKKK IM CUMMINGGGGG FUCKING CUM IN MY PUSSY BABY!"

I let out a huge groan as I shot rope after rope of sperm into her tight pussy. Emily began squirting and shaking uncontrollably as her orgasm took control of her. Eventually she calmed down and collapsed on top of me, my cock still buried in her pussy. After a while of panting and moaning, she looked up at me,

"Thanks babe, I didn't know how much I needed that. Now, how about you fuck my ass?"