 Mody and I are lying in his bed watching a movie, my leg thrown over his hips, my head resting on his arm. One of his hands is stroking over my leg, slowly moving higher with each stroke, whilst the other is resting on my ass. My hand slips under his t-shirt and and I trail my fingers up and down his stomach. I trail my fingers higher, brushing over his pecs and nipples. I gasp as I feel his hand squeeze my ass through my shorts and then suddenly I'm lying on my back with him over me. I let out a startled laugh, my hands reaching up to cup his face. 

"Hey, what are you doing?" I ask him as his face is slowly getting closer to mine, the noise of the movie still playing in the background. 

He smirks and says, "This." He bends his head and presses his lips to mine, kissing me hard. I gasp and part my lips in surprise, his tongue slipping into my mouth as we both moan at the touch. My hands reach up and grasp his head, pulling his face impossibly closer to mine as his hands grip my hips hard. I open my legs and let his body fit between them as his lips trail down from my mouth to my neck, kissing, licking and sucking. He sits up and quickly pull my top off and unhooks my bra, my breasts now free, my nipples starting to harden under his gaze and the slight cool breeze in the room. One of his hands reach forward and the thumb runs over one nipple, making it even harder. 

"Oh fuck Mody, stop teasing me!" I say as I feel my pussy ache for him. 

He grins, kissing me again and we fall back onto the bed, his hands now moving up and down my sides. Lips kiss down to my chest, sucking on my flesh, getting closer to my nipple. I feel his tongue on my nipple, circling it before taking it into his mouth. I gasp and my hand runs through his hair as he start to suck on my nipple, biting down and tugging a little. I suck air through my teeth as the slight pain I feel but then moan as he sucks it again to soothe the pain. He moves to the other nipple, giving it the same attention. 

"Shit, baby that feels so good." I moan out as he continues playing with my tits. I can't take anymore and pull his hair to bring his face up to mine to kiss him again. We kiss, tougher and harder than before, him nipping and sucking on my bottom lip. He pulls away and kisses back down my body, his tongue tracing patterns across my stomach. He stops at the top of my shorts and looks up at me. 

"Hmmm, I think these need to come off..." He says as his fingertips pull at the waistband. 

"Ugh, just take them off already, babe." I say as I look down at him. He pulls the shorts down, and takes the panties off with them. As the material drags down my legs, I shiver slightly at the feeling. My shorts and panties reach ankle and he pulls them off, throwing them over his shoulder. Mody spreads my legs and bares my pussy to him. His fingers trail up my inner thighs, under my thighs and then back up. He grins as he sees me shiver again and moan quietly at his teasing. 

"You look so beautiful like this, all spread out for me." He whispers and bends to press tiny kisses up my inner thighs, biting gently at my skin. A finger slips between my pussy lips and he groans as he feels how wet I am. His finger starts to rub my clit, going back and forth, playing with the sensitive nub. I moan loudly in approval.

Suddenly his finger is gone and his tongue is on my pussy. His tongue flicks my clit and my hips buck up at the sensation. My hands fly down to his hair and grip tight as Mody's tongue moves down to lick between my pussy lips, teasing my hole. 

"Fuckkkk, don't stop!" As soon as I say this, his mouth is off my pussy and is back to kissing my thighs, his finger back to rubbing my clit. My legs shake and I pull at his hair hard, making him moan loud. His lips move closer to my pussy again and I push my hips up and almost whine with need. He grins because he knows what I want and goes back to licking my pussy. 

He looks up and me and says "Mmm, you taste so good babygirl." He drags his tongue between my pussy lips, licking up my wetness and groaning quietly. My hips buck again, and all I can do is look down at him and moan. His hands spread my legs wider and his tongue teases my hole before he pushes the tip in. My head falls back as he tongue begins to push in and out of my pussy hole. His tongue is tasting my pussy, curling it up, trying to get deeper. I clench down slightly as his tongue invaded my tight pussy. His finger reappears and rubs my clit, making me gasp and my hips trying to get my pussy closer to his mouth. 

"Please, baby...I need more!" I groan loudly and feel his finger start to push into my pussy. He finger works into my pussy, it tightening around his finger like a vice. Pushing in and out, he starts to fuck my pussy with his finger. Using the tip of his tongue, he flicks my clit, over and over again. He looks up at me, his eyes watching me gasp and moan as he brings me pleasure. Another finger starts to join the first one, pushing deep and being swallowed up by my desperate pussy, filling me up. 

"Oh yesssss...finger my pussy baby!" I start to push down on his fingers, my legs shaking so much as his tongue is flicking over my clit hard and fast. My hips move as much as they can, trying to get more of his long fingers into my pussy. I clench on his fingers tight, his fingers reaching a spot deep in my pussy that makes me cry out. 

I shout loudly, "Fuck yes, right there Mody! I need to cum!" A feeling is building up in me, my body desperate to cum all over his fingers and tongue.

"I'm gonna cum!" He worked his fingers in and out of me faster, driving them back in hard. His tongue making me crazy as it rubs my hard clit at just the right speed. 

"I'm cummingggg!" My body tenses and I grip his hair tight, his fingers still pushing into my pussy at a fast speed, clit throbbing under his tongue. He sucks on my swollen clit and then I cum. I cum hard, feeling the pleasure travel though me body as I cum all over his face and fingers. He pulls his fingers out but continues to suck and lick at my pussy, teasing my now sensitive flesh. 

"Mmm good girl, you came so hard." He praises as his face is still buried in my pussy. He places one last kiss on my pussy and then moves his face away. He sits up and moves up my body so his face is now hovering over mine. 

I grin and say "Well, I guess you have a magic tongue and fingers." I grip his face and kiss him, my body relaxed and my legs still spread open. My hand reaches between our bodies and slides into his pants, grabbing his hard dick. He moans as my hand closes around his pulsing cock, moving up and down slowly, jacking him off. My hand moves down his cock easily because of how much precum he is leaking. I grip him tighter and move my hand faster, wanting to him to cum for me. 

He groans and says "Oh fuck baby." as his head is resting near my neck, breathing hard as I tease the head of his dick. I feel him twitch in my hand and he stiffens slightly as he suddenly cums all over my hand. Cum covers my hand and his cock as he orgasms hard. I stroke him a little more, teasing his sensitive cock as he moans low in his throat, almost whining as I give one final stroke before I pull my hand out of his pants. His body falls on top of mine, his lips meeting mine for another kiss. He rolls to the side and pulls my body closer, both of us tired and satisfied.