 "Don't trash the place." That was all the manager had to say when I paid for three hours in his little roach trap motel. I pondered the name of the place; Casa Royale. I've always been curious why the owners of sleazy places like this gave them grandiose names, like it may fool the weary traveler, not with the flickering neon Vacancy sign and the rusted siding. 

Out side the "lobby" there was a broken pay phone and a cigarette machine. I put a five in the machine, pressed the button for Marlboro Lights, hard pack. It clicked and clanked (it was probably rusted too) and finally ejected a single dented up pack of smokes. I quickly collected it and my change, noting a slight tremor to my hands, and then looked at the key in my hand. Did I really want to do this?

The key was a dirty bronze color with 34 engraved roughly on one side. It was almost faded away from so many grubby fingers using it. 

I headed down the covered walkway, past an ice machine and six rooms, three of which had do not disturb signs and low sex sounds coming from the opening at the bottom of the door. After what seemed like 20 minutes, I arrived at room 34.

It definitely wasn't much to look at with orange-ish carpeting flecked with miscellaneous stains, some of which still looked moist, and a crookedly hung door leading into the closet that was what I was assuming was a restroom, though I had no intention of finding out.

The grand centerpiece of the room, the bed, sat swaybacked with use, in the center of the room a few inches from the wall. That was probably to prevent it banging on the adjoining room wall when whoever had rented the room was fucking or being fucked. The bedding was still disheveled as if it had just been used (which I am sure it had been.) 

I hung my coat on the doorknob, kicked off my shoes, and opened the cigarettes. "Why do I keep coming back here?" I asked myself as I lit it and took a deep draw. 

My hands were still shaking, but not so much from nervousness as anticipation. I was already wet. I could feel it.

I jumped when he knocked. Quickly I ground out my cigarette in the overfull ashtray and ran my hands over my hair nervously. He entered the room and surveyed it quickly, nodding his approval.

"Well?" he demanded, "Why are you still dressed?"

Not giving me a chance to answer, he strode over to me and tore my shirt open. The little pearl buttons flew in all directions. Crushing his mouth down on mine, he thrust his tongue deeply into my mouth. I almost gagged, because it was so unexpected. I felt a warm rush between my legs, and I started kissing him back just as hard. Abruptly, he ended the kiss and told me to get undressed. 

I took off my ruined blouse, and lowered my skirt. I could feel his eyes on my tits as they threatened to fall out of my bra. I was leaning over to lift my feet out of my skirt, when I felt his hand on my exposed ass. He told me to stay like that, bent over, entangled in my clothes. I heard him unzip his pants, and I felt his warm cock slap against my ass as he released it. I felt something cold and wet drip onto my ass, and suddenly I was filled with his engorged cock. He had thrust up to the hilt into my tight hole, and he was fucking me hard. I reached down to finger myself while he raped my ass but he stopped me. "Not yet." He groaned. 

I could feel his balls slap against my clit and it was driving me insane. I was dripping wet, and my cunt was clenching air. I heard him hiss, and I knew he was cumming, filling my ass. I could feel it dripping down the back of my thigh. 

I stood, now clothed only in my bra, garters and stocking. Turning, I smiled at the sensation of his thick warm jiz leaking out of me. I knelt in front of him and took his softening cock in my hands. I slowly started licking it. Cleaning me off of him, and sucking off all the cum. I wrapped my mouth around him and slowly drew his length into my mouth. He was holding his breath and then releasing it in short bursts when I sucked on his sensitive cock head. I cup his balls in my right hand while I guided him into my warm mouth. Over and over again I swallowed him going the full length, now that he was getting hard again. I opened my mouth wide, and deep throated him, humming just a little and he groaned. 

That's when I felt him lift me and practically throw me on the bed. He dived into my cunt like a starving man. His tongue firm and tender on my clit, but extremely rough when he fucked me with it. I was writhing on the bed, my head thrown back and my eyes closed. God he was good at this. He inserted one finger into me, and I felt a gush of juices run out onto his hand. I was ready for him. I had been ready before I even got to the room. He started fucking me roughly with two fingers while sucking on my clit hard. I felt myself getting closer and closer to the edge. He slipped one finger into my stretched out ass, and I cried out, "Oh, God, yes. Fuck me!" Spasming, I grabbed his head, pushing him down hard on my box, and I clenched my thighs, holding him tight while I came. 

My thighs loosened as the clenching in my cunt subsided. I looked up at him and he was still hard. He was massaging himself while he watched me recover fully. 

"Would you like to fuck that hot box?" I teased.

I rolled over and thrust my ass in the air, leaving my ass and my soaked swollen pussy open to view. He knelt beside me and slid his cock into my hungry pussy. I clenched down and started using him to fuck myself. I was ramming myself hard back onto his stiff member. He knelt there and just let me fuck him. 

My tits had finally popped out of my bra; he reached around and twisted my nipple hard. He pulled me from my position on hands and knees to being on my knees but upright, with his cock still inside me. Then he proceeded to massage my clit while fucking me.

I felt myself getting closer and closer to the abyss, and my cunt started clenching his tool tighter and tighter as I came again. He yelled out "fuck!" and slammed into me, and I felt myself being filled with hot cum. 

My pussy was milking his cock dry when it flopped out, spent. He slid me over and lay on his back, beckoning me to join him with a slight jerk of his head. I stretched cat-like, arching my back so my tits were thrust out and up a, and then I lay myself on the curve of his shoulder.

Just before drifting off to sleep in my husband's arms, I noticed a security camera blinking from behind a peeling corner of wallpaper. It was the first time I had noticed it.

To be continued . . .