 To Kitty, stripping was first and foremost, a job. And like most jobs, it was not the most pleasant use of her time but a decent living which was tolerable enough most days.

But she wasn't stripping now. She was in the infamous Champagne Room upstairs, where customers were allowed to put their hands on the girls - and then some. A place she had sworn she would never entertain in, no matter who invited her there or how important he imagined he was.

But here she was, straddling the sexiest customer in the house and feeding her nipples, one by one, into his avid mouth. DyShaun gripped her hips in his big dark hands as he sucked the heavy tits she held out to him. She moaned and he felt her shiver a little when he nipped one pink peak.

All around them, erotic encounters were in various stages of uninhibited progress. DyShaun was perfectly fine with the lack of privacy and he loved that he was getting Kitty to loosen her inhibitions too. It'd taken a whole lot of work getting her up here, and she always insisted that nothing serious would ever happen between them.

But he felt she was ready for another nudge in the direction he wanted. He lifted his head from her heaving breasts and smiled into her bemused eyes.

"Take this off, Kitty Kat," he murmured, tugging at the g-string on either side of her hips. The jade-green eyes lost a little of their distraction.

"No!" Kitty exclaimed, but her refusal was automatic, even mechanical. Unconvinced, DyShaun decided to push her a little more.

"When's the last time a man made you purr, sweet thing?" he crooned, at the same time rubbing the hard length in his trousers against her damp crotch. Her eyes glazed over immediately, and he stopped.

"Made you moan and holler while he stuffed you full of his fat meat?"

A stealthy finger had stolen underneath the skimpy satin triangle at her crotch and was now flicking her erect clit. Her hips gave an involuntary jerk into the caress.

"Let me make you feel good, Kitty."

Kitty bit back a moan and tried for a forbidding tone.

"DyShaun..." His name came out as a breathless plea instead, so she shook her head. He gave her an almost pitying smile.

"Take it off," he repeated huskily, pulling the g-string an inch down her hip. She gave a small high moan as he flicked her clit left and right with increasing speed. Her pussy was so wet she was smearing his busy finger until, in no time, it was completely coated in her cream.

This was a losing battle and Kitty knew it. She was going to surrender her pussy, and sooner rather than later, but here? She looked around them in sudden self-consciousness.

"We're not doing nothing everybody else isn't," DyShaun pointed out, as his hands withdrew and descended to his belt.

"I know, but this is... oh... Oh, DyShaun you shouldn't..."

Even as she said it, she couldn't take her eyes off the thick dick he'd released from his boxers. It bobbed against her belly, fully erect and imperious. It was a perfect ebony all over, with a streak of dark plum across the circumcised head.

Kitty swallowed hard, forcing her to recognize that her mouth was actually watering in anticipation.

"Go on, touch it, Kitty Kat," he invited with earthy urgency.

As if in a dream, she saw her hand, of its own volition, reach down and feel his tempting rod. It was hot, and iron-hard but so smooth and satiny. She imagined it slipping and sliding down her throat and then she couldn't think anymore. She acted.

Kitty slid down his body until she was on her knees on the floor, her face right in front of his manhood. She wrapped her slender hand around his cock and it lurched in eager anticipation.

Kitty gave the head of his erection one hot, slow French kiss, then another, and then another, like she was eating an ice-cream cone that was melting fast. Her tongue was warm against his hot flesh, its movements deliberate and controlled. It felt mind-blowing, but DyShaun wanted, needed more.

"Kitty-" he had to pause as he endured another vision-blurring kiss. "Come on, girl, you know what I want."

She looked up at him and his gaze smoldered into hers. "Suck me off."

But Kitty just began to moan as she slurped down along his veiny shaft. The vibration was as incredible as it was short-lived. She gave the same open-mouthed treatment to his quivering balls, then tried to get them both in her mouth.

She succeeded, stretching her jaw open wide. She closed her eyes and moaned again, sending shivers all through his excited sac, and then she began to suck. Her rhythm was slow but felt so fucking good, oh God, she was good.

The sight of her beautiful face between his knees was enough to fuck his head up, but coupled with the sensations of her warm, wet mouth around his balls, she drove him to whole new levels of wild.

DyShaun growled in enjoyment. He saw his hands gripping her thick auburn waves then realized his hold might be a little too tight. He loosened his fingers, but couldn't resist giving her hair another small tug.

"Baby, that feels incredible," he praised hoarsely.

Kitty gave a responding moan, as if he wasn't throbbing hard enough already.

"Fuck!"

Pre-cum leaked in copious amounts from his slit and she smeared the fluid all over his shaft, then began to pump his dick with her slippery hands. Her continual moaning and the sucking sounds of her hungry mouth were almost drowned out by DyShaun's harsh breathing.

Her hands still quick and steady up and down his member, Kitty presently relinquished his balls from her mouth and drew a shaky breath.

"I can't believe I'm doing this," she whispered, her eyes sultry with lust.

Still panting, DyShaun pushed a stray curl off her cheek and gave her a smile. "Don't stop now, baby," he whispered back. "Show me just how bad you are."

Kitty smiled at him and bent her head once more. DyShaun watched as her mouth opened over his helmet, and glistening onyx disappeared into succulent pink. 

He groaned as the roof of her mouth slid over his dick. Then her tongue swiftly came up to sandwich his aching length, giving the sensitive underside a firm massage. He growled her name and she started sucking him again.

It was like she was trying in earnest to swallow him, taking more and more of his dick into her insatiable mouth. The snug tunnel wrapping his dick in unceasing wet suction was just as reluctant to release him as he was to withdraw from it.

Up and down, her head bobbed over his stiff rod, so focused on pleasuring him, and succeeding in such stupendous fashion that DyShaun unashamedly shouted out her name.

His hips surged forward and his leaking helmet nudged past her tonsil. He was sliding down her throat. Kitty began to moan again around his tumid flesh, still sucking on him.

His head fell back in ecstasy. He listened to her, taking loud, unabashed pleasure in fellating him and stuffed his fist into his mouth.

Ah, yes. This was bliss. This was heaven, pure and simple. Paradise was Kitty's mouth, but listening to her moans getting louder, he didn't even know who was enjoying this more. Each pull of her blackhole mouth came closer and closer together as her pace quickened.

His entire being felt purposed for the orgasm that was building up and being pulled out of him with each hard, inexorable suck. Her hand came up to gently squeeze his balls, as though trying to relieve the crushing pressure therein.

"Kitty..."

She moaned again in response and continued to roll his churning testicles. "Baby... I'm gonna come."

Kitty released a moan of such blatant carnality that at last, DyShaun detonated, coming in fierce spurts that went on and on... and then on and on and on. He was dimly aware of her rhythm adjusting to swallow each rope he shot, and heard the loud noises in her throat as she swallowed.

And for a split second right then, it all seemed unreal: even in his fantasies, it took all his persuasion to get her to swallow his come. But no fantasy could compare to this, to her! When the final drops had ejected, she pulled her head back, releasing his long dick.

"Delicious," she mumbled to herself in dazed wonder.

DyShaun just sat there and took a second to catch his breath before he reached down and grabbed her arm. Kitty let him tug her back onto his lap and straddled him again.

"Well? How was I?" she asked, her voice a little thick from having him lodged in her throat for a quarter of an hour.

He panted for a moment before answering. "Incomparable."

Which was apparently the best thing he could have said, judging from the happy beam that broke out on her face. He pulled her close and gave her a lingering kiss. Their first kiss, he realized with some irony.

"You just tasted your meat," Kitty gloated against his lips.

"Yeah, I did," DyShaun chuckled. "Dare me to do it again?"

He gave another kiss, even longer and than the first, before she drew back with a sigh and lay her head on his shoulder.

A series of short, quick moans to their right signaled a woman's impending orgasm, reminding her yet again that they weren't alone in the VIP room.

"Did we just do that?" she whispered, feeling a faint pang of returning guilt.

"We did. Now let's see about paying you back."

He lifted her off him and eased her onto her back on the couch. He deliberately looked into her eyes as he rolled her g-string down her long legs. Kitty stared back at him as he tossed the garment aside.

"Oh, Dy..." she panted in blatant excitement as slowly, her legs were spread open, one stiletto-shod foot on the floor while the other leg lay along the back of the couch.

She cradled his head as it descended between her legs. He ran his tongue down her slit and back up again, then repeated the caress. She shrieked his name, certain she'd spontaneously combust if he kept teasing her. Before she could form an adequate threat, though, his soft lips began to suck on her clit.

The tiny feminine erection mushroomed under his mouth; his tongue clung as he sucked and sucked, slow and deep. Kitty watched for as long as she could bear to see his dark head between her tremulous thighs, then closed her eyes and lay back. So much pleasure! Her fingers stroked his hair in an almost loving gesture.

DyShaun's day-old facial scruff against her tingly labia made her tilt her hips up and gyrate against the bristly friction. She bit her lip so hard, she tasted blood.

Just as her body began to stiffen in anticipation of climax, DyShaun pulled her clit between his teeth and applied gentle insistent pressure on the little pearl. 

Kitty felt something snap in her womb, like an overstretched bowstring, and a hot jet flooded out of her pussy with a geyser's force.

Before she could recover, her vision was filled with DyShaun's face, taut with arousal. She looked into his dark eyes which mirrored the intense desire racking her body.

And for once no excuses came to her lips. She wanted this; her pussy ached for it, for the pounding she knew she was in for.

"Just put on a condom, k?" she requested weakly, and DyShaun grinned at the tacit consent in her words.

"Of course, baby," he purred as he reached into his pocket. He even let her tug the rubber over his cock for herself then pushed her back on the couch.

"Whatever you want," he breathed as he stretched his long body over hers.

Kitty felt his erection nudge her pussy lips open. Fine eyebrows knitting, she closed her eyes, whimpered a little prayer and let him take her. More moisture coated her drowned petals anew, but it was still an effort to accommodate his blunt helmet. It squeezed in a little ways inside, and they both gasped.

DyShaun paused, sensing she needed to adjust, but Kitty couldn't bear to be still. She lifted up her hips to force more of him into her. The sensation of being split wider and wider open felt so raw, so shocking that, catching them both by surprise, she climaxed.

DyShaun stared as the gorgeous creature beneath him writhed and purred in orgasmic resplendence so breathtaking that, unable to help himself, he begun to thrust. Hard. He closed his eyes at the intense pleasure of their tightly fused flesh, recognizing a potential addiction.

Kitty urged him on. She was past the need for gentleness. She needed hot, hard friction. DyShaun's heavy body pinned down her own and gave it to her with gorgeous mastery, her wrists manacled in his big hand above her head. Her pussy, teased and titillated by his maddening invasion and retreat, kept trying to clench hard enough to keep his battering ram inside her.

The futile effort intensified as her second orgasm stormed through her womb. Kitty bit her lip and closed her eyes as the flood tide swept her away to nirvana.

"Jesus," DyShaun groaned. Gripping her bruised ivory wrists tighter, he redoubled the vigor of his thrusts. Already, she could feel the next whirlpool in the horizon. Kitty flung her legs tightly around his waist, sobbing for relief.

"I know, love, just take it," DyShaun rasped, thinking she wanted him to go slow. He released her wrists and gave her a kiss only slightly less violent than the hammering he was dealing several inches below. 

Her nails clawed a mad trail over his shoulders. He didn't feel it; all sensation was locked in his hot groin, assaulting her own with a fury he couldn't restrain. She just felt so damn good. Her pussy was clamping down on his dick with a surprising strength that just excited him all the more.

Kitty screamed against his lips, finding the repeated slap of his balls against her ass shockingly stimulating. The knot deep in her womb tightened and tightened until it broke, making her squirt all over the black leather of the couch.

DyShaun plunged deep into her, letting her spasming inner muscles work on his dick. He snarled as she wrenched one intoxicating gush after another from his jerking dick, in an orgasm that went on for so long, and with such intensity that he felt himself almost lose consciousness. 

"Kitty... God..."

He couldn't manage anything more and leaned his forehead against hers as he continued to erupt into the condom. When finally he was done, they stared into each other's dazed eyes. There was no need for words; the implications of what they'd done were clear.

DyShaun knew it was, at the very least, illegal. Kitty wondered if it wasn't downright wrong.

They also knew it would take a fucking miracle to get them to stop after tonight.