 We were in a cheap motel in Hershey, PA, but unfortunately we were not alone. My fiancée, Tiffany's sister, was in the bathroom getting ready to take a shower. We'd just spent the day at HersheyPark and the day had been hot, so Tiffany and her sister had spent most of the afternoon in just shorts and sports bras. I had been leering at them along with most of the other guys we had encountered. Right now, though, Tiffany and I were essentially alone, at least briefly. We'd never messed around before, though we had been building up to it for a long time. My fiancé always said that growing up with Tiffany had prepared her for me; we were that much alike. Hence, we started flirting almost immediately after we met. At first it was harmless, but the more we got to know each other, the more the chemistry between us became evident. We tried to keep a handle on it, but when we were alone it was more difficult and seemed less necessary. We weren't in love and didn't want to impact my relationship with her sister, but we had a physical craving for each other.

Once she was certain her sister was in the shower, Tiffany crossed the room toward me. The air conditioning had caused her nipples to harden, so my eyes were immediately drawn to her breasts. When she was close enough, I couldn't stop my hands from going to the front of her bra and feeling her nipples pressing against the thin material. I raised the bottom of the bra while lowering my head and sucked on her nipples, tasting the saltiness from a sweaty day. She ran her fingers through my hair and moaned softly. Raising my head, but keeping my hands on her tits, we started to make out for the very first time while I caressed her hard nipples.

"Does my sister still take long showers?" she asked, pulling away from me slightly. When I confirmed that she did, Tiffany suggested that she could probably make me cum before the shower turned off. I replied that I bet I could make her cum first. Still clothed, we climbed onto one of the beds but before we got started I warned her that as soon as the shower turned off, even if neither of us had cum, she was to jump to the other bed and we'd both pretend to be asleep. Tiffany agreed and went to work opening my shorts. She was wearing baggy soccer shorts, so I was able to pull the leg opening aside and start kissing her inner thigh. As I was pulling her panties aside, I felt her successfully free my rigid cock from my shorts and underwear. I was probing her slippery pussy with my finger as she stroked my cock in her fist. At about the same time I first licked her clit, she wrapped her lips around my shaft and engulfed me in her mouth.

I pumped my finger in and out of her pussy while first licking, then sucking her clit and could feel her moaning around my rigid member. Her mouth felt so hot sliding up and down my shaft while she pumped the base. She was a good cocksucker and I hoped we'd have enough time for me to cum in her mouth. I was focused on making her cum, though, because I didn't want to leave her high and dry when the shower went off. There wasn't much I could do to help myself cum faster, but I licked and sucked her clit with vigor to push her over the edge. Her pussy was so wet that my finger slid easily in and out and I could taste her sweet juices. She was totally engorged and the closer she got to orgasm, the wetter she seemed to get.

I was fairly confident as I ate her out that I would be able to successfully bring her to orgasm before we were out of time. Between the increased wetness of her pussy, the noises she was trying to suppress and the way she was moving, I could tell that my tongue and fingers were having the intended affect. I wasn't watching the clock, but I knew we didn't have much time left so I was glad at least she appeared to be getting close. I continued to enjoy the taste and feel of her pussy in addition to the feel of her talented mouth on my cock. A few seconds later, I could feel Tiffany convulsing slightly and moaning with a mouthful of cock.

When her orgasm had run its course, she went back to sucking my cock enthusiastically while I pulled my fingers free and licked them clean. I could feel my orgasm beginning to build when suddenly the sound of the shower cut out. Tiffany tried to keep sucking my cock, but I pulled away from her and pointed to the other bed while tucking my erect tool away. She reluctantly went to the other bed and lay with her back to the bathroom smiling resignedly at me. I had to lie on my stomach to hide my erection, but closed my eyes as if I was sleeping. I heard my fiancé telling Tiffany that it was her turn to shower, but didn't open my eyes until I heard the shower running again. By the time I had to get up, my erection had successfully retreated.

We each took only quick showers to refresh ourselves after such a hot day, but intended to shower again before checking out the next morning. I was pleased when Tiffany pointed out later that evening that we would have the opportunity during her sister's morning shower to finish up where we'd left off. I looked forward to being able to focus completely on enjoying her oral skills.

Tiffany was actually the first one up and showering the next morning, a testament to her strong desire to have my cock back in her mouth. Her sister went next and as soon as Tiffany was sure that she was in the shower, she was pulling back my covers. I surprised her by being naked and fully erect already, but she recovered quickly and, grasping the base of my cock, immediately wrapped her lips around it and started sucking. I ran my fingers through her hair and watched as her mouth slid up and down my cock. Not only did it feel amazing, but this was a vision right out of a fantasy, which made my cock even harder. I had been mentally reliving the previous days activities both before I fell asleep and as soon as I woke up, so I was very worked up and grateful for this opportunity. Her warm lips slid up and down my shaft while she gripped the base and gently stroked. I couldn't help but push my hips toward her face as she sucked me.

We had more time this morning because my fiancé was taking a full shower, so I tried to relax and enjoy every bit of pleasure Tiffany was providing me but I certainly didn't want to risk not achieving a climax again. Fortunately, Tiffany was focused on getting me to cum. Her oral and manual manipulations drew me closer and closer to orgasm, my cock seeming to grow harder and harder. I continued to watch as her pretty face engulfed my cock between her full pink lips over and over. The pleasurable feeling kept building up from deep inside me and I knew that this was going to be one hell of an orgasm. I suppressed any moaning, but my breathing was coming in gasps as I got closer to cumming. Finally, with a grunt of combined pleasure and relief, I started shooting my load into Tiffany's mouth. She continued to suck me off, swallowing all of my cum.

By the time the shower turned off, Tiffany was back to getting herself finished and I was ready to jump in the shower myself. We'd managed to successfully pull off two encounters without arousing any suspicion. The next big test would be on Wednesday. Tiffany was staying with us for ten days. This first weekend had been spent at HersheyPark and the last would be at the Jersey shore, but during the week, my fiancé and I both still had to work. She was going to take off Thursday to spend with her sister and I was going to take off Wednesday. We'd already discussed our plans to go hiking on that day, but now it looked as though we might have some additional activities to throw in.

On Wednesday morning, I watched as my fiancé drove off, headed for work, then waited a long fifteen minutes before going out to the living room where Tiffany was staying on the fold-out. As I chained the door, I told Tiffany that if we heard anyone come in the outside door or a key in the lock or hand on the knob, I would dash back to the bedroom and she was to say that she'd chained the door for her own peace of mind. I didn't expect any interruptions, but I wanted to be prepared. We hadn't attempted anything since that Sunday morning in the motel, so we were both pretty fired up by the time I joined her on the fold-out.

I was naked already and sporting a raging hard-on but Tiffany still wore her nightgown. As we started to make out, I quickly confirmed that she was braless but not panty-less underneath while she stroked my erection. I asked her if she wanted to ride me and she nodded before standing above me on the bed. She slowly raised her nightgown over her head, revealing her tan legs, her sexy panties, her flat stomach and her firm breasts before her head reappeared. I was lying on my back with my cock standing straight up in anticipation of seeing her completely nude and finally fucking her. She leaned over as she pushed her panties down, her tits swaying as her light brown bush came into view. After stepping out of her panties, she lowered herself to her knees over my hips and, grasping my rigid tool, guided me into her waiting, slippery pussy.

Oh, God, was her pussy snug! She slid down until I was fully embedded, then leaned forward with a hand on either side of my head and began slowly riding up and down on my happy, happy tool. I looked up at the ecstatic look on her face while reaching up to play with her dangling titties. Her nipples were hard and pointing down, so I gently brushed my palms over them while hefting the weight of her fleshy tits in my hands. I raised my head slightly so I could suck her nipples while she rode my cock. Dropping my head back to the pillow, I let my hands slide down over her ribs and around to her ass, which I kneaded while it rose and fell. I watched her tits swinging above me while I enjoyed the pleasurable friction of her pussy sliding up and down my cock. She rode me slowly, moaning softly, apparently enjoying the feeling of my hard cock.

She got a little noisier the longer she rode me, her heavy breathing becoming soft moaning. I ran my hands over her ass and up to play with her tits while pushing up off the bed to penetrate her more deeply. The noisier she got, the faster she seemed to move up and down my cock. I didn't know whether to hold her tits to keep them from swinging wildly or hold her ass to pull her down harder on my cock, so I started with my hands on her tits and as she got closer to orgasm, I moved my hands down. With handfuls of her round ass, I pushed up into her and pulled her down on me as her movements got more frantic and her noises got more insistent. Her ass was slapping down on my upper thighs as my cock slammed into her over and over until, finally, she seemed to go into slow motion as a shudder passed through her.

I waited while she rode out her orgasm, then, when she opened her eyes and smiled down at me, I pulled her face to mine and kissed her. She went back to slowly riding me while we made out but, before she got too into it, I asked her if she'd like me to ride her. She nodded and dismounted me, lying beside me on the fold-out. I got to my knees and positioned myself between her spread legs. Before lowering myself on top of her, I admired her nude form laid out before me. I could see the outline of her bikini highlighting her firm breasts, with their large, pink aureoles and hard nipples, and her pussy, surrounded by close-cropped, light brown hair. My cock, standing straight out in front of me, twitched, as if anxious to be buried back inside Tiffany's warm pussy.

Lowering myself down, I guided my cock back into her pussy, fully embedding myself as I pressed my body against hers. We started making out passionately as I stroked in and out of her, slowly at first. I could feel her warm, soft flesh against mine, our stomachs and chests pressed together. I was sliding in and out of her with long, slow strokes, enjoying the snug feel of her pussy on the full length of my shaft. The springs of the fold-out squeaked in time with my thrusting, but were soon drowned out by Tiffany's moans as my pace began to increase. Tiffany was raising her hips to meet my incoming thrusts, her head now thrown back and her eyes closed. I could feel the sweat accumulating between our bodies as the intensity of our fucking continued to increase. I closed my own eyes and began to moan softly myself as my cock swelled with my impending orgasm.

Once my orgasm was imminent, I slowed my pace again and focused on enjoying the building pleasure. The slippery, snug feeling of Tiffany's pussy touched every nerve in my cock and spread throughout my body. I felt an overwhelming combination of ecstasy and relief when I finally exploded deep into her, simultaneously crying out. I continued to slide in and out of her until I was completely spent, then collapsed on top of her. It took a few minutes to get my wits back, then I rolled off and lay beside her, both of us feeling the cool air on our sweat-covered bodies.

We lay there panting before finally agreeing that this had really been something. Once we'd caught our breath, we got up to go shower and face the day ahead of us. I turned on the shower and got the water temperature adjusted then we both stepped in. We washed each other's hair and thoroughly lathered each other's bodies, getting ourselves pretty worked up again by the time we stepped out. After we'd dried each other off, we each got dressed then sat down to eat some breakfast before heading out on our hike.

With full stomachs and satisfied sex drives, we tossed our gear in my car and headed for the trailhead. The parking lot was fairly empty, which wasn't surprising given that it was the middle of the week. I think we were both considering the potential of the combination of solitude and wilderness. We hit the trail and hiked for a while through the forest and up the side of the mountain. About an hour into it, we were sweating pretty good and ready for a break. We paused on the trail and looked around for a spot nearby to sit, catch our breath, have some water and whatever else might come up. We wandered off the trail in what looked to be a promising direction and found a nice little spot where we could view the trail, but we'd also be able to spot any approaching hikers before they spotted us.

We sat in the shade on some fallen trees and drank some cold water. Seeing that Tiffany had dribbled some on her shirt, I suggested that it would be sensible for her to get out of her wet clothes. She pointed at my shirt and said, "You first."

Looking down, I saw that I'd spilled some water on myself as well. Ever the good sport, I set my water bottle down and pulled my shirt over my head. The slight breezed felt refreshing on my sweaty torso. I hung my shirt on a nearby branch and turned to wait for her to follow my lead. I admired her abs and narrow waist followed by the sports bra restraining her tits. She looked hot wearing her hiking boots, shorts and sports bra, so I told her as much as I retrieved my digital camera from my pack and aimed it in her direction. She struck a pose for me and I could feel my organ continuing to stiffen in my shorts. I suggested that she lose the bra next, assuring her that she and I would be the only ones seeing these pictures when she raised her eyebrows at my request. Once she'd extracted a promise from me that I would be willing to pose, too, and that she would also get copies of all of the pictures, she peeled the sports bra over her head.

I stood for a moment, transfixed by her hard nipples and pink aureoles, before bringing the camera up and snapping a picture. Tiffany then reached out for the camera and I posed for her. When she asked to see a little more, I opened my shorts and posed with my rigid cock sticking out of them. Her eyes got wide before she raised the camera and snapped off another shot. She took two more shots – one with my shorts and underwear around my ankles and one with me wearing nothing but my socks and boots. My cock was waving in the open air as I took the camera back. Tiffany asked how I wanted her to pose, so I walked her through a few different poses while taking the pictures: shorts at her knees with panties up, shorts gone and panties only, panties at her knees, panties at her ankles and nude but for her socks and boots. With our clothes lying about on the downed trees, I put the camera away and took her in my arms. We made out while she stroked my cock and I kneaded her ass.

I arranged my shorts on one of the fallen trees and sat down on them, pulling Tiffany toward me backwards. With my hands on her hips, I directed her toward my lap as she reached between her legs and guided my cock toward her pussy. Positioning my cockhead at her pussy, she lowered herself down onto me, causing both of us to moan. I held her hips as she started to ride me, enjoying the feeling of her snug, slick pussy sliding up and down my shaft. I moved my hands up to cup her bouncing tits, caressing the smooth, soft flesh and lightly brushing over her hard nipples. She was supporting herself with her hands on my knees and doing all of the moving, so I slipped one hand down between her legs to massage her clit. She moaned as I began to stroke it, continuing to enthusiastically ride up and down on my cock.

Her pussy felt amazing, between her being so wet and slippery and me being so engorged. Each time her ass smacked down on my upper thighs, it was as if an additional wave of pleasure shot through me. I could tell as she rode me harder and faster that she was trying to suppress the noises that wanted to escape. As her pace continued to increase, I suspected she was closing in on an orgasm. I hoped that my stimulating her clit was increasing the overall satisfaction she was feeling. I knew for myself that the feeling of her pussy wrapped around my cock was outstanding, so I hoped she was experiencing the level of pleasure that I was.

As our fucking reached a frenzied pace, I suspected that this really wasn't as restful a rest as we had planned. Tiffany slammed herself down on me hard a few more times before she stopped and let out a low moan of relief as her orgasm coursed through her. I felt the goosebumps on her skin as a sort of shudder passed through her body. I continued to stimulate her clit until she started moving again, then took her by the hips and started to stand up. Tiffany leaned forward and helped adjust our position, ending up leaning on one of the fallen trees as I stood behind her, still embedded in her sweet pussy. Holding her by the hips, I started fucking her again with long, slow strokes. After taking a look toward the trail to verify that there were no other hikers around, I dropped my eyes to her round ass and watched my cock disappearing and reappearing below it. I felt Tiffany's hand briefly on my cock and noticed that she had her head resting on only one of her arms, so I figured she was replacing my fingertips on her clit with her own.

This would have made a nice picture, though I had no desire to stop to set up the camera in timer mode. Tiffany was standing, bent over with her head resting on a fallen tree, wearing nothing but socks and hiking boots while I stood behind her wearing similar attire, plunging my cock into her snug, slippery pussy over and over. I ran my hands over the smooth, soft flesh of her ass while feeling my orgasm continuing to slowly build within me. I gradually went from long, slow strokes to harder, faster fucking, my hips smacking against her ass while I held her by the hips. The pleasurable feelings continued to increase and my cock began to swell within the fleshy confines of her pussy. I was breathing pretty hard, trying not to moan, as my orgasm got closer and closer. Finally, I exploded into her pussy with a grunt of relief, continuing to pump her from behind until I was completely spent.

Reluctantly, I pulled free of her and sat back on top of my shorts, more out of breath than I had been when we'd first decided to take a break. Tiffany straightened up and sat opposite me on top of her own shorts. We didn't say anything as we caught our breath and drank some more water, just smiled and admired each other's naked bodies. When we finally felt that we had rested enough, we started pulling our clothes back on and got ready to continue our hike. Surprisingly, instead of feeling more tired, the sex had actually energized both of us. We cruised to the top of the mountain and enjoyed the view for a while, then headed back down to the trailhead.
