 I was barely eighteen when I got a horrible idea. I had been looking at this blog about sluts and their problems. I wanted to be a slut so badly, but I didn't have a lot of experience. I had always been a bit shy and for some reason, guys didn't seem to approach me. My mother told me it was just because I was so beautiful and that it intimidated guys, but I was certain that she was just saying that because she's my mom.

Anyway, I got this idea that I could drive down to the truck stop at the edge of town and find a trucker to fuck. I was certain that it would make me feel like a slut and I was dying to actually get laid! I wanted to be slutty and I'd read a post on that Slut Problems blog about a girl who liked to fuck all the truckers at the truck stop and be a slut and I knew that it was for me. I thought about it for weeks before I finally pulled the trigger.

It was a cool day as I drove down to the truck stop, shivering both from the cold and from my own nervousness. I could see the trucks, all lined up in a row and I felt my heart thumping in my chest. I couldn't believe how many trucks there were and I imagined how sore my pussy would be if I actually fucked all of them! Of course, I didn't think I could actually fuck all of them. I'd be lucky if I found the courage to fuck even one. I parked my car near the edge of the lot and I got out of my car in the carefully chosen outfit I'd put on. I was wearing turquoise high socks with heels, a short skirt with no panties and a tight tank top with no bra. I didn't have a lot in the tits department, but I was certain that my young age and eagerness to "slut out" would win the truckers over.

Interestingly, the first vehicle I encountered wasn't a truck at all, but an old beat up bus. I walked over to it and looked through the windows to see if there was anyone in there. I could see a man sitting in the driver's seat reading a newspaper. I knocked on the door of the bus and watched as he looked up at me and then opened the door. I got a better look at him and decided he was hot enough to fuck.

"What?" he asked gruffly.

"Hi, there!" I said tentatively. "Do you need a slut?"

"Excuse me? Did I hear you right?" he asked.

"Yeah, um. I'm a slut and I was looking for some dick?" I tried to sound commanding and confident but my voice was a sad little squeak.

"You are, now?" he asked, chuckling a bit.

"Yeah, I am! I'm a slut!" I said more confidently. "Would you like my services?"

"How much?" he asked me.

"Free! I'm a slut. Consider it my gift to you."

"So let me get this straight. You came here to fuck me for free? Because you're a slut?" He raised one eyebrow.

"Yes! Can I come in?"

"Come on in, sweetheart," he said. "I could use a slut in my life. Come on in and sit on my lap." I walked up the steps to where he was sitting in the driver's seat and sat on his lap. He grabbed me by the hips and moved my ass over his growing cock. I was already having fun and I was excited that I had finally found somebody to use me as a slut.

"Do you suck dick, Miss Slut?" he asked me and I nodded and moved from his lap to the ground. I pulled his cock from his jeans and put it in my mouth. I wasn't too experienced, but I'd watched a lot of porn and I tried my best to imitate the porn stars that I had seen sucking cock. I thought I was doing a great job and he was making noises of contentment that really turned me on. Hearing him moan made my pussy gush and I was having fun! Being a slut was better than I had thought it would be.

"Why don't we take off some of these clothes," he said as he pulled off my skirt and my tank top. He left my socks and heels on and then took his own clothes off. "I want you to ride me," he said and he laid back across the seat. I climbed on top of him in reverse cowgirl and I slid my horny, wet pussy down onto his thick cock. I'd never actually ridden a guy in this position before, but I had told the guy I was a slut and I wanted him to believe me so I rocked my body on his cock, trying hard to imitate the many porn stars I'd watched as they'd ridden countless men online. I was trying my best, but it felt awkward. How did those porn stars do it anyway?

"Here, let me help you slut!" the man said and suddenly he had me lifted up by my ass and he was fucking me from underneath me, pounding the shit out of my pussy. He was fucking me harder than I'd ever been fucked before and I didn't know what to do! All I could do was hold on and cum! And boy did I cum! I screamed loudly, over and over, filling the bus with my cries of pleasure.

"FUCK! YES! YES YES!" I screamed as my pussy creamed all over his dick. I could feel my pussy exploding and the juice was running down my legs and dripping down onto his torso. He didn't stop! He kept right on pounding my horny, wet pussy until I was having another orgasm, and then another until finally, I could hear his own moans of pleasure. Hearing him cum was like music to my ears! I had drained my first load of cum like a slut and I was mighty proud of myself. When he was done I slid myself off of his cock and smiled at him as I grabbed for my clothes, his cum seeping from my pussy.

"How was that?" I asked him.

"That was fun, but I'm not sure I believe that you're a slut. You don't seem very experienced," he explained.

"You're right. I'm just starting out as a slut. You're the first guy I've fucked since I decided to be one," I replied.

"Well I can give you some more training if you have time to stick around," he said with a wink and a smile.

"Well, I would but if I'm going to be a real slut I have to go fuck some other cocks too. I'm going to go do the rounds," I said, gesturing to the truck stop.

"Oh really? You be careful! There are some sick fucks out there, little girl. You should just stay here with me where you'll be safe."

"That's the point. I don't want to be safe. I want to take risks. I want to fuck lots of dicks! I want to be a slut!"

"You're fucking crazy," the guy said as I exited the bus and waved goodbye.

"Thanks!" I said, knowing he was right, but not wanting to stop. I had enjoyed my initiation into sluttiness, but this was only the beginning. I had so many more cocks to fuck, and I wanted to fuck as many as I could while there was still cum dripping out of my pussy from this guy.