 There was just too much going on to really even consider potentially hooking up with my soon-to-be sister-in-law, Tiffany, again while her sister and I were in town to get married. Sure, it was in the back of my mind, but with flying into town, everybody else flying into town, the rehearsal, the rehearsal dinner and the actual wedding and reception, followed by the honeymoon, I just really didn't think I had the time or the mental capacity to pull it off. Seeing her again, of course I smiled at the memories of our encounter the previous summer.

Lucky for me, Tiffany didn't give up so easily. With proper planning and the involvement of just the right accomplice, she gave me one hell of a wedding gift.

The night before the wedding, after the rehearsal and the rehearsal dinner, the ladies gathered for a bachelorette party while the men went to a bar to shoot some pool. After a couple of hours, the bachelorette party showed up at the bar and, while my fiancé and I canoodled, a trade was negotiated between the bachelorette party women and the pool-shooting men. I was taken away by the women and my betrothed was left with the men. I wasn't worried about leaving my future wife with my friends because I knew they'd take care of her, not take advantage of her. I didn't know that she could say the same about her friends.

I was taken from the bar, blindfolded and handcuffed, and helped into a vehicle. We drove for a while before parking again but I had no idea where we were as I was led from the vehicle. Just by listening, I suspected that we were back at the hotel where everyone was staying. I was ushered into the elevator, though it felt like only two people rode with me. I was led to a room, the door was locked, I was laid out on the bed and my wrists and ankles were restrained with ropes that must have already been in place. I heard the door close again and it sounded as though I was alone for a few minutes before someone returned.

I felt someone climb onto the bed and straddle me before feeling warm, soft lips pressing against mine. Before I could even respond, my blindfold was yanked up and I was face-to-face with Tiffany. She smiled and kissed me again, this time getting a more appropriate response.

"With Deb's help," she told me, "I've arranged a little final-hours-of-freedom gift for you. I'm not going spoil the surprise by giving away the details, but I think you will be pleased." She kissed me again, then started undressing me, freeing only one of my restrained extremities at a time. I was soon naked and tied up with Tiffany standing at the foot of the bed looking me over. My cock was pretty hard, so she started by leaning down and licking and sucking it until it was completely rigid, with me groaning at the attention.

Once she was satisfied that I was prepared, she straightened up and peeled off her shirt, tossed it aside and dropped her pants. My cock twitched seeing her again in only a bra and bikini panties. The bra was quickly gone, giving me a look at her firm breasts and hard nipples, and was soon followed by her panties. I got a quick view of her light brown bush before she crawled up the bed to straddle me, her tits swaying. She grabbed my cock and guided it into the familiar depths of her sweet pussy as she lowered herself onto me.

Her pussy was completely wet, so she must have gotten herself pretty worked up anticipating this moment. It was nice to have her riding me again, this time with much less concern about the possibility of being discovered. I couldn't really do much more than lie there enjoying the feel of her snug pussy sliding up and down my shaft, so that is what I did. She was riding me pretty hard, in part, I determined later, because she didn't have the luxury of a lot of time.

I pushed up into her as best I could, raising my ass up off the bed, trying to help both of us along. I looked over her trim form looming over me as she fucked me. The light brown hair around her pussy was groomed to a neatly cropped bush, her stomach was flat and smooth, her tits were firm and topped with hard nipples and her face wore an expression of arousal and determination. I could feel her pussy getting wetter as she rode me harder and knew that I would be cumming soon, just as she would.

As she started grunting each time she slammed down on me, I felt my cock swelling with my impending orgasm. It was almost a race to see who would cum first as I tried to push up even further into her, feeling her seriously slippery pussy around my engorged member. I think I was moaning, too, right up to the point where I cried out as I started shooting my load into her. Almost immediately, Tiffany started shuddering as her own orgasm finally washed over her. She briefly collapsed on top of me as she caught her breath, but then was up and gathering her clothes together as I watched. I noticed as she pulled her jeans on that she hadn't bothered with her panties, which I found curious.

With her bra and shirt back on, she crawled up next to me again and, after kissing me long and hard, pulled the blindfold back over my eyes. Before she left me, however, she adjusted the blindfold so that I could actually see down along my nude body to the end of the bed. She told me she didn't really want me to miss out but it would be to my benefit to appear as though I couldn't see anything. The last thing she did before she left was to drape her panties over my nose and mouth. Since I was restrained, I couldn't do anything but lie there inhaling her musky aroma.

I learned later that when Tiffany had left me, she had met up with Deb and given her the key to the room then had gone on home. I don't know how much time passed between the time she left and the time I heard the key in the door again. I heard the door open and close, then heard a loud gasp followed by a pause. I couldn't see who had come in yet, but after I heard the deadbolt on the door turned, she then appeared at the foot of the bed. It was Alison, another of the bridesmaids. I wasn't too worried about her discovering that I could see her because her gaze was fixated on my cock, which had revived quite a bit due to inhaling Tiffany's musk for the last little while.

She did look up at my face briefly, as if to assure herself that I couldn't see her, so I made sure to lie still and not move anything that would give me away. I suppose she must have been satisfied because she crawled onto the bed and took my cock in her hand and stroked it, causing it to grown even harder. It still wasn't fully recovered but when I felt her long hair on my thighs followed by the warm wetness of her mouth engulfing me, the recovery process suddenly sped up. She slid her hot mouth up and down my cock for just a minute or two before letting me slip free to stand, waving fully erect, while she retreated off the bed.

She was wearing the same long, black dress she'd worn to the rehearsal and rehearsal dinner and began unbuttoning the row of buttons running from the collar to the hem. As it opened, I was able to admire her black lingerie, including a garter belt holding up her thigh-high black stockings. She laid the dress on the end of the bed, off to one side, then seemed to hesitate for a minute, as if assuring herself that she wanted to do this, then slipped her panties down, revealing a trim, brown bush. She set the panties with her dress, then crawled back up the bed, only further this time. With a knee on either side of my hips, she took my cock in her hand and guided it just below her bush and lowered herself down on it. I groaned as I felt her wet pussy engulf my full length.

If I hadn't cum in Tiffany just a short while earlier, I probably would have shot my load immediately with Alison, that's how hot her pussy was. She started riding up and down on my tool, moaning herself, as I raised my ass up off the bed to push deeper into her. She started out with her hands on my chest, but first one, then the other went to play with her own tits. Alison was a thin girl with narrow hips, so her tits weren't all that big, but when she popped the front clasp of her bra open, her nipples almost made me cream. They were hard and skinny, but her aureoles seemed as if they were hard and standing out from the soft, smooth flesh of her tits, too.

She began to pull and massage her hard nipples, moaning even louder, and I swear her pussy got even wetter. It was only a few seconds after she got her hands on her bare tits that I felt the first tremors within her pussy. That helped draw my orgasm closer, but I was afraid she might quit since she was done. Lucky for me, she kept riding me and my second orgasm kept getting closer. She ended up cumming twice more that I counted and each time drawing me closer to cumming, myself. Finally, after that third orgasm, my cock had completely swelled until I exploded into her with a cry of relief.

Tiffany's panties had slid down as we'd fucked, so Alison was able to kiss me long and hard before moving off to one side and back down the bed. She grabbed her dress and I got one good look at her tight ass as she pulled it back on. She was facing me again as she re-hooked her bra and re-buttoned her dress, hiding her lean physique and sexy undergarments from my view. Before she left, she kissed me again then draped her panties where Tiffany's had been and gave my cock another brief suck. She'd never said a word, which I suspect was to make sure I didn't know who she was. I heard the door lock again and inhaled the scent she'd left behind for me.

I didn't try to figure out how much time was going by, instead replaying the events that had occurred since I'd left the pool hall. It was no surprise that between that and the smell of Alison's pussy, my cock was trying valiantly to revive again.

I heard the door again, heard an approving noise before hearing the deadbolt, then saw Shelly come into my limited view. She sat on the end of the bed and fondled my cock and balls, bringing it further life, but still not fully reviving it. After a minute or two, she lowered her head, much as Alison and Tiffany both had, and alternated between licking my cock and balls and wrapping her lips around my cock. She must have realized there was a better way to accomplish her goal, so she released my cock and stood at the foot of the bed.

She was wearing a cowboy shirt and jeans, but removed both, followed quickly by her bra and panties. She wasn't as thin as Alison, so she had bigger tits and more curvaceous hips. Her hair and, consequently, her bush were darker as her skin and her nipples were, too. I hoped she didn't realize that my cock was continuing to grow because I could see her. She stepped up onto the bed and was soon above me and out of my sight. I felt her feet on either side of my head and before I knew it, her pubic hair was tickling my nose. I stuck my tongue out, seeking her clit, licking her slit until I found it. She moaned her approval, then engulfed my cock in her mouth again.

I licked her clit and slurped the juices from her slit as she continued to get my cock harder. I assumed that once it was hard enough, she'd move down to ride it, but I didn't realize how close she was to cumming. I could hear her sharp breathing as she stopped sucking me, continuing to pump my rigid shaft in her hand. Finally, she cried out and I tasted a fresh flow of pungent nectar as she came. She let out a long sigh, then moved forward until I could see her ass.

She took my hard cock in hand and guided it into her super-slick pussy, impaling herself on it and riding me reverse cowgirl style. I had quite the view of her nice, round ass and her pussy wrapped around my cock just below it. Her pussy was so nice and wet sliding up and down my recharged cock. The three pussies I'd experienced so far that night all seemed very different, though equally hot. If I'd had to choose just one, it would have been tough.

Shelly rode me for a few minutes before dismounting and reversing her position so that she faced me. It was nice to see her tits as she changed her position; they were round and full with hard nipples and large, dark aureoles. I was thinking about how nice it would be to play with them, or at least be able to watch them bounce as she fucked me, when I felt one of her nipples dragging across my lips. I immediately stuck my tongue out and licked it before sucking it between my lips.

Shelly moaned and rode me harder as I licked and sucked her nipple, which was soon replaced by the other. As she alternated nipples and her cries got longer, I could feel my cock preparing for another eruption as well. Her slippery pussy began to feel even wetter the closer we both got to cumming, bringing my orgasm closer still. When Shelly let out a low moan and seemed to move in slow motion, I could feel the muscles in her pussy working while she came. It only took a minute or two after that and I was spewing into her, with a groan of my own.

Shelly caught her breath for a minute, then climbed off of me. I was able to admire her ass again as she bent over to pick up her clothes then saw her fully from the front before she started to dress. She, too, pulled on her jeans without her panties, preferring to draped them over my lower face where the other's had been once she was dressed. Soon, she, too, was gone.

As I lay there thinking about it, I expected that Deb would be my next visitor. There was another bridesmaid, Michelle, but I doubted that they would even send her up here and, even if they did, I suspected that she'd probably run from the room. She came across as very chaste and virginal, as well as a bit holier-than-thou. To be honest, though, the thought of sullying her was pretty arousing.

Imagine my surprise when the next time I heard the door, I didn't hear Deb's boisterous voice, but a startled gasp instead. Could it be Michelle? I didn't hear anything for a long time, including the door. I started to wonder if she had fainted from shock when I heard her moving. She came into my sight range and just stood at the end of the bed for a few more minutes. Finally, she moved forward onto the foot of the bed and tentatively touched my thigh, running her hand up toward my semi-erect cock. I couldn't see her face and couldn't adjust my position to do so without looking suspicious, so I just watched her hand as it finally lightly stroked my cock. Suddenly, she reached toward my face and I had to close my eyes quickly so I wouldn't flinch.

I felt one of the pairs of panties being removed from near my neck, so I opened my eyes again in time to see Tiffany's bikini panties moving in the direction of Michelle's face. I heard her inhale and let out a sigh then saw her reach for another pair. This time Shelly's panties were lifted to her face where she inhaled the musk that I, too, had found so pleasurable. She had laid Tiffany's and Shelly's panties over my cock and balls while sniffing Alison's, which then joined them while she raised her skirt. Beneath her innocent looking frock, which had been how I knew it was her, she wore an equally innocent pair of white panties that appeared to have a large wet spot on them.

Touching my cock and the others' panties at the same time with one hand, she rubbed the front of her own panties with her other before slipping it inside. My cock grew harder due to her rubbing it with the slippery material of three pairs of panties, but also due to seeing her pleasuring herself. After a few very arousing minutes, she pushed the three pairs of panties up away from my cock, exposing it to attempt to stand on its own. Michelle moved to straddle me, still wearing her panties and holding her skirt up.

Pinning my growing cock between her wet panties and my abdomen, she started rubbing her pussy up and down it through her panties. This was more arousing than I would have imagined! I could feel the heat and wetness of her pussy through the thin layer of her panties as it slid up and down the sensitive underside of my cock. I would have been more than happy to cum in this position, shooting up onto my chest, but she had something else in mind.

She repositioned herself lying on her side between my legs with her skirt up around her waist. She pushed her white panties down, exposing a brown bush matted down with her copious juices. Slipping them off completely, she lay them over my nose and mouth where she'd found Shelly's. Positioning herself back on her side, she took my now rock-hard cock in her hand and stroked it while her other hand explored between her own legs. I was almost feeling arousal overload when she slipped her mouth over my cock.

When I opened my mouth to groan, I was able to taste her damp panties on my face – God they tasted good! So I alternated between watching her fingers exploring her brown bush and watching her lips sliding up and down my rigid shaft (pretty damn well, I might add, for someone so seemingly pure). I couldn't believe I was on the verge of cumming for the fourth time that night but I wondered if Michelle was close, herself, having only one hand working on her pussy.

I knew she was sacrificing her own pleasure for mine when she moved her hand from her pussy and used it instead to massage my balls. This got to be too much, having Miss Pure sucking and pumping my cock while toying with my balls. Just watching my cock sliding in and out of her prayer-reciting, hymn-singing, scripture-quoting mouth, I could feel that my orgasm was imminent. My cock was swelling, but Michelle kept sucking like a seasoned expert even as I pushed up off the bed to sink it deeper in her hot mouth. Finally, I groaned as I started spewing into her mouth and she sucked down every drop. She kept licking my spent cock and my balls, her hand creeping back between her legs, until I broke the silence, saying, "Now let me lick you."

She didn't waste any time, pushing her panties aside and scrambling up the bed until I could feel her bush against my face. I lapped the flowing juices from her flooded pussy while she held her skirt up to keep me from smothering. Once I'd slurped for a bit, I focused my tonguing on her clit and heard her nearly suck all of the air out of the room. Pausing for a second, I instructed her to finger herself while I licked her and soon felt her fingers near my tongue.

She moaned softly as she pumped her fingers in and out while I licked and sucked her clit. I felt her starting to rock her hips against my face and suspected she was getting close to cumming. Her juices were flowing like crazy and I could have spent all night lapping them up – because there was that much and because I was that into it. With a cry of pleasure, Michelle forced her pussy against my face and shuddered as she came.

When she pulled herself away, she kissed me hard on the mouth, tasting her own nectar, then whispered "Thank You" a few times in my ear. She placed her panties back over my nose and mouth with the others piled on top before climbing off the bed and straightening out her dress. She looked me over once more with a smile, then left the room with a spring in her step.

I couldn't imagine who else might stop by besides Deb, so I wasn't surprised when I heard her voice the next time the door opened. After hearing the door close and the deadbolt click into place, I felt her weight move up onto the bed.

"Wow," she said, picking up the panties lying over my mouth and nose, "looks like this little present was a success. Even Michelle left a pair? I wish I had been a fly on the wall for that encounter."

She pulled my blindfold off and kissed me before telling me that she was going to leave me tied up for just a little while longer so I could still claim that I had no control over, and therefore no responsibility for, what occurred. She laid the blindfold aside along with the panties and ran her hands over my exposed chest and down to my well-used cock.
