 William,

As you can probably tell, I was in quite a hurry getting that last email out. Busy time at home so I had to be brief.

You mentioned some fun activities, some that I've tried and some I'd like to enjoy. 

I've got some time in the tub now before work. Everybody else is out the door for a trip to Seattle today. So I'm going to take this opportunity to share my fantasy with you.

My dream is to spend a weekend at a place like LaPush or Ocean Shores with another man. Maybe some time on the beach or fishing and then back to the room for some relaxing time in the hot tub. We'd soak and talk while our bodies randomly connect. Our feet, legs and hands casually caressing each other. Who knows, maybe we'd even kiss a bit...

I'd lean down and cup your breast in my hand as I touch your nipple with the tip of my tongue. Slowly flicking it until my lips surround and engulf your nipple suckling it with ever increasing force. Occasionally stopping to nibble and pull a bit before continuing to suckle.

Reaching down with my hand I touch your now rapidly growing manhood feeling your warm loose sack with my fingers as my thumb runs from the tip of your cock down along the length of its hardness. I continue to caress an stroke your cock as I suckle your nipple until I feel compelled to move you up to sit on the edge of the tub. As I arrange myself between your legs I'm now face to face with the true object of my desire! With my left hand I cup your balls as I slowly stroke your cock with my right. I'm just mesmerized by this beautiful sight. I'm holding your gorgeous purple pillar of manhood in my hands just inches from my face. My breathing is deeper now. I'm in a trance as I watch my hand slowly glide up and down the length of your cock. It's so beautiful. You widen your legs. I move closer and slide my left hand further under your balls. I can now feel the warmth of your cock on my face. I continue to stroke. 

Moving my left hand up from it's place on your balls I slowly bring my fingers to my mouth. Still stroking your cock I wet my fingers and bring them back to your ball sack and continue to move down until I touch your anus. Stroking your cock with my right my left begins to awaken the senses of your backside. I can tell by your labored breathing that this is moving in a direction that you are enjoying. Your cock jumps each time I probe a little deeper into your rosebud. 

I'm still staring at your cock. It is in it's full glory now. The purple head is gleaming and the first droplet of precum makes it's appearance. I take that as my cue and slowly lean in as I pull the head towards my lips. 

It's like time has stood still. I'm not breathing. Oh my god. I'm going to taste this beautiful cock! My head is spinning.

I regain my composure and part my lips as my mouth meets the head of your penis. I dart my tongue at the droplet on the tip and my whole mouth follows to engulf your cockhead. I begin to suck and swirl my tongue around the head. It's wet and warm and heavy and spongy...so much stimulation. I can only hope that you are enjoying this as much as I am right now! I continue to stroke and suck and swirl. Your hips are starting to move to a rhythm. As I enjoy the sensations in my mouth my finger slides deeper into your ass. Past the sphincter and straight to your walnut. I'm now massaging your prostate as your cock pushes deeper and deeper into my mouth. Your cock feels wonderful on my tongue and now my throat. (I expected more resistance from my gag reflex but I guess all the practice on my wife's dildo has paid off!)

You lean back on your elbows now. Your breathing increases. I can feel your leg muscles begin to twitch. I continue to probe your butt, gently but vigorously. I'm sliding hy head up and down the entire length of your cock effortlessly now and you're rocking your hips meeting every stroke. My right hand is caressing your balls. 

You begin to moan. I feel your prostate harden against my fingertip. Your balls become tight. Your cock is so hot and solid now! I know that I'm about to receive the prize. My moment of glory is upon me. Your breathing stops. I feel the spasms begin from your ass through your balls and all the way up the length of your shaft. Your first spurts are strong and huge! Hot streams of glorious man milk! Oh my god! It's wonderful!

You're filling my throat with your seed. Spasm after spasm. I'm swallowing as fast as I can while still sucking and stroking. I'm in heaven. My mouth is full. I feel so alive!

As your orgasm subsides I continue to gently suck and caress. Eventually I release your cock from my mouth and you slide back into the tub.

We kiss.

But again, for now it's just erotic notes.

Bryan