 "Dammit!" 

Kurt was mad. Outraged. Upset. Pissed off. Overall not in a good mood. Being a senior in high school wasn't easy. Well, it was, but not when you saved your nine page term paper to do the night before it's due date. He had forgotten all about it. He swept his brown bangs out of his tired equally brown eyes. He had been told before that his eyes were somewhat girlish, which he had no problem with since it helped him get women. They liked that, for some reason. 

He was sitting in his English class just watching the clock, each tick of the second hand a signal that liberation was nearing, that the agony would soon end. Until he would get home to do his report. He glanced over at the door and saw something he knew he would see. 

Kelly. She wasn't drop dead gorgeous or anything, but she just had this aura about her that made him want to fuck the shit out of her. She had such a cute, innocent face, which oddly enough contained two dark, almost seductive blue eyes. He could look into them for a split second and forget where he was. She never wore any feminine clothes (today she was wearing a black Pantera shirt with relatively tight blue jeans, similar to his gray Slayer shirt and black jeans) but he could somehow foresee a lovely body underneath them. 

She wasn't fat at all, so her body certainly couldn't be bad. Her long beautiful auburn hair looked as if it were cascading like a waterfall down her shoulders. Her fairly white skin looked pure as silk on riverbed and just as never-ending. She was so pure, so nubile, so perfect. If he remembered correctly, she had just turned eighteen last week, which made things totally risk free. Just then, everyone got up and started leaving. 

'What the hell?' Kurt thought. He thought about this a bit. 'Oh, the bell rang.' He got up and headed out, but on his way to his car he felt a soft, smooth hand on his arm, and heard a gentle voice calling his name. It was - you guessed it - Bill Clinton. 

"Hey Kelly," Kurt stammered, somewhat aghast. 

"Um," she seemed deep in thought. She was that perfect height where she could rest her head on Kurt's shoulder without even straining. He smelled her and his head began to swim. "You wouldn't be able to give me a ride home, would you?" she asked. 

"My car broke down this morning, and I walked here. It would help me out tremendously." Without a second thought, Kurt asked her where she lived. "I live up on 46 and 2," she answered. 

"Cool," Kurt said, "I live in that area. It's not a problem." Kurt felt extremely lucky. Here he was with this girl he wanted; after only talking to her about three times she asks for a ride, which implies trust. And he could swear that she was checking him out as they were talking. 

"Thanks a lot," she told him. They headed to his car were Kurt opened the door for her, not sure how to act but assuming that chivalry always helped, and then opened his door and climbed to the driver's seat. He turned on the car and Tool blared into the student parking lot. They took off. An active conversation took place in the car, ranging from music to hobbies to ex-signifigant others. Finally Kelly blurted something out as they neared their destination. "Kurt?" she began shyly. "What's up?" he acknowledged. "You know, you're different from most guys. You and I kind of have a mental compatibility that's hard to find elsewhere." 

'Damn', thought Kurt. 'She realized it too? Kick ass'. "I guess what I'm trying to say," she carried on, "is that I really like you. A lot. And I don't even know you that well." Kurt proceeded to explain that he felt exactly the same. Silence permeated the car for a bit. Finally, Kelly spoke up. 

"Is there a place where we can be alone?" Kurt looked at her. Those dark eyes shone in a manner that was almost sexually menacing. Even with that glow in her eyes, her face looked so innocent, so pure. He immediately U-turned and drove into a field behind an abandoned farm. Kelly took off her seatbelt and lept on Kurt, kissing him hotly. Kurt made no attempt to resist and kissed her back in the same passionate fashion. Kelly reached her hands down Kurt's pants and started pulling out Kurt's cock. Kurt's hands were busy taking off her shirt and removing her bra. Shit, she had a nicer chest than the clothes she wore let on. 

He couldn't wait to see the rest of her. Finally, Kelly backed off. Kurt looked at her adorable face and saw worry. "Are you okay?" She looked behind them and saw only brush and the abandoned farm. 

"If you're uncomfortable we don't have to have sex," Kurt assured her. 

"I don't want you to do anything that you don't want to." Kelly looked back at him, her dark blue eyes burning into his. 

"No, it's not that. Rest assured, I want to fuck your brains out. I just thought I heard something." 

Hearing her sweet, innocent mouth talking like that just turned him on even more. This time it was he who jumped on her. He reached down and helped her pull down her pants and panties while he voraciously licked at her left breast's nipple. As he did this, she cooed things into his ear. All he could hear was her panting. "Oh, fuck yes, baby....don't you dare stop....it feels so good...".

Once she was free of her pesky undergarments, he began fingering her. He explored her nicely shaved area, and gradually stuck his finger in there, and a second followed suit. He quickly found her G spot and played with it. This emitted loud moans of pleasure from Kelly. With his other hand he kneaded her ass, which was also suprisingly nice. He started gently and gradually got rougher and rougher. Soon she came all over his hand and he pulled out. He took his fingers into his mouth and sucked her cum from his fingers. "Not bad," he said with an endorsing grin. Then he got his dick and began rubbing the head against her pussy lips. She gasped uncontrollably. "Stop.....teasing...me...."

"I'm not teasing you, babe," he told her. "I'm just getting my cock nice and wet for you." Finally, after what seemed like an eternity to Kelly, he thrust himself inside her. "Shit," he muttered. She grinned sheepishly. "Are you alright?" he asked her, stopping in his progress. 

"I will be," she responded, "in the meantime just keep moving like that." Kurt obeyed and slowly slid in and out of her, savoring every second. Suddenly Kelly wrapped her legs around his waist and bucked into him, like she was spurring him on. "Oh, god yess!!" she screamed. 

"Harder!" He wasn't one to disobey a lady. He began humping her harder and faster, increasing his intensity at an accelerating rate. "Oh, fuck me Kurt! Fuck me! You feel so good inside me...." Kurt couldn't last much longer, as he was nearing his orgasm. Kelly seemed to have sensed it, because she pulled away, got up off of her back on her hands and knees, and aimed her ass at Kurt. "I've heard doggystyle is great," she told him, "but I never felt the need to go out and see. What better time than now?" 

Without even thinking about it, he inserted himself into her sweet pussy and felt it tighten. Though she was tight she was also dripping wet, so he slid in rather easily. She squealed. She screamed. She was in so much pleasure that she couldn't think. All she could do was brace herself on the car door window and scream out Kurt's name repeatedly. Kurt bent over to continue feeling Kelly's incredible breasts and he licked her ear gently. 

She responded be turning her head and kissing him with barbaric ferocity. All the while, he kept slamming into her, and they were loving every moment of it. Kurt knew he was on the edge and Kelly's begging and moaning for more of his cock and her tight pussy practically milking him was more than enough to push him over. He came what must have been near a gallon inside her tight, beautiful, shaved pussy. This sensation made Kelly cum as well. Kelly came so much that she was short of air and could barely even gasp. 

Ooohh godddd..." she managed out. "I'm cumming......cumming for you..." Kurt was having difficulty standing on his knees. Finally he pulled out of her, when they engaged in a long, loving kiss. Just in time to see the police car pull up behind them. "Shit!" Kurt exclaimed. He handed Kelly her clothes.

"What's the matter?" she asked. She then saw the police car. "Fuck!" They frantically put their clothes back on, except that the shirts were mixed up. Just as they were fully clothed, the officer got out of his car and walked towards the driver's window. "Good thing we didn't go in the back," Kurt joked. Kelly tried not to laugh. The cop knocked on the window and Kurt rolled it down.

"Hello, officer," he said politely. 

"Hello, son," he answered in a pinched voice that sounded as though it had little fun. "What are you two doing here?"

"Lost," Kurt said. 

"Yeah, because this idiot can't read a map," Kelly chimed in. 

"Do you know how to get to 46 and 2?" The officer laughed and told them. He also told them that this was private property and that they had to leave. They thanked him and he told them to have a nice day. Kurt backed out after the officer and found the main road.

As they drove down, Kelly said, "He knew we were fucking, didn't he?" She gestured to her bra still on the floor. 

Kurt chuckled. "Probably. You should probably get home, too." She agreed, and in minutes he dropped her off. They kissed briefly and she got out. "Wait a minute," she said, a sly grin spreading across her face, that seductive look returning to her eyes. "My parents won't be home for another couple of hours...."