 If someone had told me a few months earlier that I would be addicted to truck stops I would have laughed at them but here I was, addicted to truck stops. I had been seeking them out, on some kind of endless road trip myself. I was restless and searching for the perfect truck with the perfect cock that would make me cum in ways I'd never experienced.

I had been a virgin when I had first started working the truck stop nearest to my house. I had been innocent then, but now I was practically a seasoned veteran, ready and willing to take on any cock that the next truck had to offer. I moved from truck to truck, servicing the gentleman inside by draining the cum from their cocks and gobbling it up like a little whore. I hadn't started off a whore. In fact, I had given my blowjobs, handjobs, and pussy freely until I realized that I was missing out on the best part of being a truck stop whore; the actual whoring.

Now, I grabbed the money quickly, asking for it before the work was even done. I knew I would earn it. I knew that I was going to give each and every one of those truck stop drivers the best that money could buy and that I was going to use the proceeds to drive myself to the next truck stop, and then the next. I wanted to fuck as many men as possible, and it seemed like the more truck stops I frequented, the better.

I was about 45 miles from home and I had just reached the Mayweather Truck Stop in Galveston. I could feel my pussy dripping with anticipation, wet and ready for whoever sunk their cocks into the depths of my cunt. I was ready for whatever disgusting filth these truckers had in store for me. I was more than ready. I pulled into the truck stop, aiming to fit my small car into an actual parking space. There was no one here that knew me, no one that would dare judge me. For right now, I was simply a whore. I was nothing more than a set of holes with legs that walked right to the door of each truck and gave a firm knock on the window. The first truck was silent. No one answered. I moved onto the next truck, my pussy feeling more desperate than ever. I willed the window to roll down so I could cozy up to a cock. As if on cue, the window whirred down and I was face to face with a rugged man.

"Can I help you?" he asked, his drawl thick. I knew I was in the heart of Texas and I wasn't surprised.

"Yes, I'm new here to this truck stop and I'm just going around and seeing if anyone needs any pussy. I don't charge much," I tried to explain.

"You mean you're a hooker going door-to-door? Now, isn't that just precious? Come on in, sweetheart. I have some money for you and some other things, too."

"Other things? Like what?" I asked as he opened the door for me and helped me climb up into the cab of his large truck.

"Mostly my tongue and fingers. I like making a woman cum, even if I'm paying for the pussy, you know? That's what a good man does. He makes a woman cum."

"I agree there. You know I do this because I love sex, okay? I'm not a whore because I hate sex or just want money. I just think it's a fair trade for me to give my pussy for money. Imagine me doing this for free." We both laughed but he already had his cock out. I couldn't believe how much faster things moved with men once they found out that I was a whore. It was so much easier and so much better to be a whore than a regular woman, especially if you actually love sex like I do.

"You want me to suck it?" I asked him, grabbing his cock and stroking it with a skill level that I was proud of. I'd sucked and fucked a lot of cocks and it was starting to show in the way that I gripped his cock and stroked it. I put his cock in my mouth and expertly sucked it. I knew that I was gifted at sucking cock but his reaction was so satisfying. I could feel his cock give way and I knew that he was already cumming.

I swallowed his load down my throat and I took his money.

"Thank you for draining my dick," he added a tip for me.

"My pleasure," I jumped out of his truck and moved to the next one. This truck had two guys in it and so I offered my services to both of them. They were old and grizzled with salt and pepper beards and gruff, cynical voices. "I can do anything from blowjobs to real sex. Bareback is extra," I filled them in on my pricing.

"You actually do bareback? I'm in. How much?"

I told him the ridiculous number that I charged for a bareback fuck and he handed me a wad of cash and pulled out his cock as his friend looked on.

"What about you?" I asked the friend. "What do you want?"

"I'll take bareback too. Can we fuck you at the same time or does it have to be separate?" the second guy asked.

"You can fuck me at the same time if you two like. I'm accommodating." I opened my legs and laid back across the seat as they had their way with my body. I could tell that they were competing with one another, trying to one-up each other in how they were using my body. I didn't care, I just loved the feel of two dicks, of two sets of hands running all over my body. It didn't matter that they were old or ugly. All that mattered was the way they were making me feel, their hard cocks working my mouth and pussy in unison. I couldn't believe that I was getting paid to cum like this. I screamed on one of their cocks as the other fucked me hard and fast.

"Fuck that slut!" one said to the other and they laughed. I liked the way they were talking about me like I wasn't even there. I liked being their object, their fuck toy, their holes to fuck and so I stuck my pussy out further, pushing it toward the cock that was fucking me.

"She likes this."

"Yeah, she does. Keep fucking her! Yeah! Like that!"

"We are going to fuck up these holes you little whore! Would you like that?" one of them asked me as he pounded my pussy. The other one held me down as I answered.

"Yes! Please! Don't stop fucking me!" I knew that they were both fucking me bareback and they had paid extra to do so. That meant that I was going to get my favorite thing, a creampie right in my pussy. I wanted it so much. I fucked the cock that was inside me back, working it with my pussy, willing it to cum. I needed this load inside of me more than anything and I couldn't wait any longer.

"That pussy feels so good! I'm going to cum! I'm cumming!" he screamed and I knew that I had gotten what I wanted. I could feel his cock exploding within me, the warmth of his cum spreading inside of me. The other cock was waiting for his turn. He didn't ask if it was okay to fuck my ass. He simply shoved his cock inside of my asshole, not bothering with lube. He held me down as if he knew that I wouldn't approve of this position. I tried to scream but I found that he was pushing my face down into the seat cushion.

Suddenly, I felt claustrophobic. I tried to get up, but his hand pushed my head back down into the seat. His cock was in my ass and he was pounding me from behind, working my asshole open with his thickness. I screamed, flailing about as I tried to regain my composure. He wouldn't let me. He was on top of me, fucking my ass with the kind of rigor that is almost unimaginable. I didn't know why he was doing this. He had paid to fuck me bareback and for most guys that would have been a big enough turn on. Instead, this fucker was balls-deep in my ass and pounding it so hard that I was getting a headache from the force.

"Stop!" I begged him but he simply laughed. He held me down. He fucked me until he was fucking done. He shouted obscenities as he ejaculated deep in my asshole. I felt a bit used but there wasn't much I could say or do when he finally pulled his dick from my butt. He threw a few bills on my naked body.

"That's for the ass. Now get out of the car, whore."

"I didn't say you could do anal. Anal is extra," I held out my hand.

"And I paid you extra. What's done is done, whore. You better leave before there's trouble," the one who had fucked my ass was sneering at me and I knew I had better go before there was a real problem.

"Fine," I said. "But I won't be back."

"Good riddance, whore!" the other one yelled and they both laughed. I could hear them talking shit about me as I let myself out of their truck. "What a dumb ass whore!" They laughed.

I felt a bit out of sorts as I made my way to the next car, and then the next. I let man after man use my holes and I was shocked at how many of them were willing to pay almost double for bareback sex. I would have done it all for free but I knew that the men wouldn't love it as much if I just gave it up for nothing. Men liked to see value in their pussy and I guess that's why I became a truck stop whore instead of a truck stop slut. Truckers like to pay for their pussy and I certainly didn't mind having the extra money. It also seemed to ensure that they would treat me like a whore, which is basically like shit. I never realized how much I enjoyed being treated like a little whore until I started charging for my pussy at the truck stop. Now, it's the only way I'll do things. Now, I'm addicted to truck stop dick.