 I am looking for an editor, any takers?

Enjoy! 

*****

I awoke with a start as the events of the night before slowly came back to me. The bar, the drinks, the GUY. I felt surprisingly good considering it all. The bed was super comfortable and the room was fairly dark with peeks of sunlight coming in under the shades on the windows. I looked over at the bedside table and saw my phone, along with a cup of coffee sitting upon it, a folded sheet of paper propped up between the two. I smiled and sat up, resting my back on the headboard as I reached first for my phone to check the time. I squinted as I looked at it, my eyes irritated and blurry from sleeping in my contacts. It was 9:30am, luckily it was Saturday and I had nowhere to be. I had two text messages from Liz which I decided to ignore in favor of caffeine and the note. 

After taking several gulps of coffee (which was remarkably perfect), I unfolded the note. It was from Joshua telling me to take my time, and when I was ready he would be happy to take me home. He had signed it with a smiley face and although the note read with a neutral tone I hoped there was more behind it. I was in what I presumed to be his guest room, a small but tastefully decorated room with the bed, a small dresser with a mirror hanging over it and a small green armchair sitting by the door. Draped carefully over the chair was my clothing and my shoes were sitting beneath it. 

I suddenly realized I was wearing a t-shirt that wasn't mine and nothing else. I took a few more sips of coffee, pushed the green and blue quilt aside and hopped out of bed. I mentally thanked Joshua for making me take two ibuprofen and drink more water before he tucked me into bed -- a thought that came back to me and made me smile. He had been so sweet, so nice when I had almost passed out on his couch after the fantastic orgasm he gave me. He had insisted I stay the night and didn't even try to take advantage of my drunken state.

I quickly redressed in my clothing from the previous night and made the bed, laying the t-shirt on top of the quilt before making my way out into the hallway. I found the bathroom easily and took a few minutes to make myself as presentable as possible and rinse my mouth with mouthwash I found under the sink. As I made my way back to the living room, I smelled bacon cooking. When I rounded the corner to the kitchen and saw him standing at the stove, back to me, dressed in blue pajama bottoms and a white t shirt that hugged the contours of his torso. Yum, I thought to myself.

"Morning," I said softly. He turned around to face me, a cute smile on his face. "Thanks for the comfy bed and the coffee."

"You're welcome, I hope you have time to eat breakfast with me before I take you home," he implored, meeting my eyes before briefly glancing at my cleavage. 

"I could never turn down a man making me bacon!" I joked as I grabbed a seat at his kitchen table, curiously comfortable making myself at home in his house. We continued chatting as I sipped my coffee and he worked away at the stove, deftly maneuvering through the kitchen gathering what he needed. 

When everything was ready he placed two plates on the table. Scrambled eggs with cheese, jalapenos and mushrooms, bacon and cut up strawberries and bananas in a little blue cup, all resting on a white plate, it looked delicious. It tasted as good as it looked; I was quite impressed and told him so. He looked happy but a little embarrassed at the compliment, he took in in stride. I reached out to brush his arm and our eyes locked for a few seconds. The energy between us was thick and meaningful. I broke contact first and stood up to carry my empty plate to the sink. 

"Just leave it, I'll clean up later," he said, standing up as well. He brought his plate over to join mine and leaned in to kiss me shyly on the lips once he had placed it in the sink. His soft lips felt great on mine and I gave myself into the moment and kissed him back, leaning into his body as I felt his arms come around me to hold me tight. I entwined my arms around his neck, forgetting for a moment that I had just met this man and enjoyed how it felt to be held by him, how inexplicably right it was. We made out for a few minutes and when I felt his hard-on arising I quickly pulled away, not wanting to get caught up right now.

"Do you think you could take me home now?" I asked, not wanting to leave but feeling like I should. "I really want to take a shower and get out of these clothes."

"Sure, no problem, just let me get some clothes on," he said as he reluctantly kissed me one last time before disappearing into his room. 

When he emerged a few minutes later he was wearing a pair of tight jeans and a purple t-shirt. He looked great and again I fought my desire to stay. He seemed to feel the same as he was taking his sweet time putting on his tennis shoes and grabbing his keys. My eyes hungrily followed him around the house, staring at his ass and admiring his body as he moved. I couldn't remember the last time someone had completely captivated me like this. It was magical and frightening at the same time. 

I gave him my address to plug into his navigation system and he turned on the radio to a pop station on low. We resumed our chatting as he drove and everything was great until he asked me the question I had been dreading. 

"So do you live alone?" He asked as he pulled into my apartment complex and I directed him to a visitor spot right by my place.

"Umm, not exactly," I said evasively. He looked at me and I saw a little fire light up in his eyes as his mind absorbed what I said. 

"You have a roommate?" He asked, hopefully, but with an edge to his voice as he impatiently awaited my response.

"I have a daughter. My ex-husband and I divorced a year ago. She lives with me half the time," I explained, waiting for the other shoe to drop as it always did with seemingly great guys when they found out I had a *gasp* child. To my surprise he only looked relieved and nodded his head.

"How old?" He asked, looking at me, sensing my apprehension and putting his hand on my leg reassuringly.

"She's 14, but she's a great kid, she's handled all of this pretty well, considering," I explained, relief filing my heart and flooding my mind, my attraction to him growing exponentially. "She's with her dad now..."

"Well I'm sure there's more to this story, but I'm going to let you get inside. Here's my number," he said, handing me a slip of paper as his hand crawled a little further up my skirt, a final kiss reaching my lips as I took it from him. "Okay, I'll text you soon so you have mine," I said as I got out of the car, looking back at him with a grin as he waited for me to walk inside before pulling away. I set my purse down on the table and collapsed onto the couch. What a surprising evening. I had dated a few guys here and there since my divorce but no one had passed the tests I needed them to. My daughter was and would remain my number one priority and a lot of guys had a hard time comprehending that fact.

I ran through the things I had learned about Joshua. Even through the haze of alcohol I remembered everything about him with clarity. He was 29, five years younger than my 34, a software development engineer for a local software company and he had recently gotten out of a long term relationship. Never married, no kids. He was half Chinese half "white" and very close to his family. He loved cars, the fancier the better and was nearly anal about his own. All in all he seemed like a great guy and I hoped he would be around for a while so we could find out more about each other. 

I got up and went to go shower, walking through my small apartment to my bedroom, stripping off my clothing as I moved. I threw my dirty clothes in the hamper and walked naked to my bathroom, turned on the water and got in when it was hot enough. As the water poured over my body my thoughts turned to the fun we had had both in his car and on his couch. The more I thought about it the hornier I got and soon I was running my hands over my nipples, stimulating them with small touches and pinches, working myself up as imagined it was him. Soon I was excited and moving my hand lower to play with myself with one hand as the other stayed on my nipple. I spread my wet, hairless lips apart and found my clit and rubbed it first in small circles then up and down faster and faster as I got more and more turned on. 

I then slid my finger back to my pussy and slowly pushed my middle finger inside to find and rub against my g-spot. I moaned out loud as I started pumping my finger in and out of my now fully moistened pussy as my other hand continued rubbing my nipple. I leaned my body against the wall of the shower to support myself as my hands continued working. I pulled my finger out if my pussy and moved back to my engorged clit, rubbing it as I approached climax. As I got closer I imagined him kissing my neck and whispering in my ear to cum for him; that pushed me over the edge and I came, hard, onto the hand I visualized as his. I stayed still, lost in bliss for a few moments then resumed my shower. I washed first my hair and then my body taking extra time on my nipples and pussy, still aroused.

When I finished my shower I pulled a purple towel around my body and tucked it in just above my breasts. I walked to my bed and climbed onto it, lying down comfortably and picked up my phone. The slip of paper with his number on it was lying next to it and I punched in the number to a new text message and contemplated what to say. I went with casual and texted him "Guess who!?" And left it at that. I sent a text to my daughter to say hello and finally responded to Liz's texts about what happened last night and awaited her response. 

Surprisingly the first text I received back was from Joshua. "Probably one of the numerous random girls I gave my number to last night, can you give me a clue?" Before I could react a second text from him came through that said "Just kidding Jenni ;-)" 

I sighed in relief and texted back "Lol" then decided to take a chance. "Can I make you dinner tonight?" I quickly hit send before I could change my mind and tried not to fret as I anxiously waited for his response. In the meantime both my daughter and Liz had texted me back and I took a few minutes to text back and forth with them when his reply came through. "Sure! What time should I be there?" Despite my excitement, I decided to wait a few minutes as to not appear overly eager. My daughter was telling me about an incident with her friends and Liz was hounding me for "deets" about Joshua. I finally replied to him and told him to be here at eight. Now excited with something to look forward to I hopped of the bed and got dressed in casual clothes so I could clean, shop and prepare for dinner. 

***** At 7:45 I was ready to go. I had cleaned the house, had most of dinner ready to go and had changed into a short, low-cut black dress with modest heels. I had my hair pulled up into a high ponytail and a bit of makeup on. I decided to make a light dinner, sirloin steaks I had pan grilled and would broil immediately before serving, a salad with romaine lettuce, arugula, tomatoes and cucumbers tossed with a raspberry vinaigrette and, for dessert, vanilla bean ice cream topped with salted caramel sauce. I had a bottle of red wine out, ready to be opened and the table was set. I had turned on soft music for background noise. 

At precisely eight o'clock there was a knock on my door. I opened the door to see Joshua standing there with the bouquet of flowers I had hoped he would bring, a nice summer bunch with purple as the main color. I took the flowers from him and gave him a hug. I put the flowers in a vase with some water and turned back to him. He was looking around my apartment, studying me I felt, and smiled at me when I caught his eye.

"You're prompt. I like that." I said, rubbing his arm and flirtatiously grinning at him. He was wearing a grey polo shirt that nicely accented his arms and a pair of black slacks that fit his body perfectly. His hair was all in place and he was wearing a light cologne that smelled great to me. Looking at him, I suddenly wanted to bypass dinner to head straight to dessert and I wasn't thinking about ice cream. I went in for a kiss that he willingly returned, our mouths coming together excitedly, tongues touching, dancing, drawing passion out of both of us and into the other. His hands started running up and down my back to lightly cup my ass and knead his hands into it before coming back to my hair. Every time his hands touched my ass I got a little more aroused and, when his mouth came off mine to suck on my neck I felt my pussy get wet. 

I wanted him then and there and the feeling was obviously mutual but first things first. I pulled away from him slowly and asked him to please uncork the wine and pour us each a glass while I served our food. As he did so, I put the steaks in the already heated broiler and served us each a portion of salad. I was hot and horny and trying to focus on anything other than his body was difficult but I managed. I tapped my foot impatiently as I waited and when the timer dinged I pulled out the steaks and added them to our plates. I had situated or place settings so that we were sitting as close as possible at the square table. When we sat down, his hand immediately moved to my leg and grabbed his wine glass to sip while his hand traveled up my leg, nearing my crotch before trailing back down to my knee. I shifted in my chair willing him to crawl his hand up further but he instead he moved his hand off my leg and turned his attention to his plate.

I inwardly moaned but did the same thing, first sipping on the wine and then eating a few bites of food. I watched his expression as he ate, he seemed to enjoy it and told me so when his mouth was empty. I smiled at the compliment and moved my hand to his leg. I rubbed it lightly and squeezed his knee, feeling his muscle tense under my touch. I took that as a good sign and worked my hand up the inside of his thigh, slowly, teasingly, easing my way up his leg. He leaned back in his chair, picked up his wine glass and gave me a seductive stare, silently egging me on. Not wanting to disappoint, I continued moving my hand towards his crotch and lightly brushed my hand over his growing erection, spreading my fingers out over it and softly running them over him as I brought them up and back together. 

I did this several times, coaxing his cock to attention as he moaned softly and subtly arched his back, wanting more. Food was forgotten as he stood up and pulled me to my feet. He grabbed me and kissed me hard, rubbing his dick against my pussy through our clothes and grabbing my tits to seek out my nipples and pinch them to wake them up. His actions were more aggressive than I remembered but that only further fueled my desire for him. His hands on my nipples sent direct waves of pleasure to my clit and feeling his hard-on push up against me was making me want him...bad. 

He walked me over to the couch, hands still working my nipples and pushed me down onto it, then laid on top of me, his hands leaving my tits to pull up the hem of my dress to expose my black thong panty, his hand coming down to feel how wet he was making me. He slid a finger underneath the silk material and into my lips, seeking my clit and making me gasp when he found it. His other hand roughly pulled down the front of my dress to expose my lacy black bra which he also quickly yanked down and brought his mouth to suck my nipples, one after the other as his finger continued to work my clit. I was lost in pleasure, loving how he was taking what he wanted, moaning and writhing under his touch. He moved a finger into my pussy, slowly at first as his tongue lapped at my nipple, teeth coming around to bite softly, then harder as his hand started moving faster. When I felt a second finger slide into my hot pussy and right to my g-spot, I tightened my muscles around it and started to let go. "Ohmygod, fuck, I'm gonna c- I'm gonna c-c-cummmmm!" I yelled as my body convulsed in pleasure, wave after wave hitting me as he continued pleasuring me until I stopped moving. 

When I stopped and opened my eyes I found his locked on mine, lust brimming in them as he licked his lips before coming in to kiss me again. I eagerly kissed him back, my hand moving down his body to his zipper, desperate to have more of him, needing to have his cock in me. He moved off of me and stood up, pulling me up and leading me by the hand to my bedroom. When we reached it he pulled my dress over my head and tossed it aside. I then unhooked my bra and peeled it off while he removed his shirt and jeans I gazed at him longingly as I edged over to the bed to move up onto it. I lounged back on a pillow as he removed his boxers and revealed his cock for me and walked over to join me. I stopped him just as he was ready to get on the bed and moved myself so I was lying flat and turned my head to the side, facing him. 

His hard dick was near and I reached out to rub it with my hand before guiding it to my mouth. I licked slowly around the head sucking in a little while my hand tightened around the base, sliding up and down. I sucked harder on him, looking up at him watching his eyes squeeze shut and pleasure overtake his face as I pleasured him, a little deeper until he was nearing the back of my throat. I felt him grow bigger in my mouth and used my tongue on his shaft as my mouth sucked and suddenly he pulled back and out of my mouth. "Nope I want to fuck you this time!" He said as he climbed onto the bed and grabbed my legs so he could slide my panty down and off. He then pushed them back towards my shoulders so he could slide his thick cock into my hot, wet and waiting pussy. 

It felt so good and right and I moaned in ecstasy as he fucked me, with slow powerful strokes that filled me up and hit all the right spots. We locked eyes for a moment, the synergy between us powerful as he sped up slightly, reaching down to rub my clit with his thumb as he slammed his hips into me repeatedly and groaned. When he was close to cumming he stopped and leaned towards to kiss me and whispered to me to turn over. I did so, propping myself up on my elbows and knees and sticking my ass up in the air towards him. He positioned himself behind me and re-entered my pussy, grabbing my hips and pulling me towards him as he fucked me. He started really giving it to me, harder and harder and faster and faster and he felt so good so deep in me as he fucked me with reckless abandon and soon I was screaming out that I was cumming, a loud moan escaping my lips as the orgasm washed over me, the feeling staying as he continued to fuck my pussy like I was begging him to. I kept cumming as I heard him moan and felt him let go inside of me, I felt my muscles tense up one last time and then we were both spent. He collapsed down next to me on the bed and I relaxed back into his arms. 

We must've fallen asleep because when I awoke it was pitch black in my room. The nagging feeling I recognized and dreaded was coming over me. Suddenly I felt like I couldn't breath and I struggled up and out of bed as quietly as I could as to not disturb Joshua. He looked so peaceful sleeping, turned on his side, one hand curled under his pillow, the other, down by his side. I quickly covered him up with a sheet and the comforter and went out to the living room. Doubt and insecurities were washing over me at an alarming pace and I was questioning everything. I had a tendency to clean when I was anxious or angry and I put the feelings to use as I cleaned the kitchen and cleared the table, taking my time putting stuff away, wiping dishes and straightening the counter-tops. When I finished I moved to the family room and perched upon the edge of the couch, shaking my knee and thinking a million and one thoughts all at once. 
