 The elevator slowed as he ground his hips into your ass. It couldn't possibly be stopping now! Not the way that thick piece of meat was pushing against you. It just wasn't fair! After all of this time you wanted Darren to rip your clothes off and tear you apart. You were dripping wet and that thong wasn't doing much to cover up the heavy smell of lust. It wasn't very ladylike, but you were mumbling into the wall as he ground into you...fuck me please is what you said in your mind, but who the hell knows what came out? The elevator bounced as it came to rest on the correct floor. You felt Darren move away from your body as the doors opened. 

His hands moved further south as he held your hips and moved you into his personal space. This magnificent specimen of a man strode into the corridor with an authority that would have been fearful if you didn't know him so well. You watched his ass as he walked down the hallway. When he reached the doorway, he turned to you and swept you effortlessly up in his arms. He swiped the keycard and nudged the door open. Your head rested on his chest and you daydreamed about how that dick would feel. Could you take it? He was so thick now.....it would feel so damned good to be stretched by him.

Darren kicked the door closed and you heard it click when he locked it. You felt like a baby in his arms as he moved towards the massive bed. In your dreams, you would be floating on air. But in reality, you were quite concerned by the fact that it was show time. Darren whispered your name gently as he stood next to the bed. It seemed like he was miles away.."Do you want to do this baby?" You were a little hesitant because now it was time to put up or shut up. True, you desired his body, but it had been two years since that dick had stretched you just right. It had imprinted itself onto your pussy and you never forgot it.

Did you still have it? Those thoughts raced through your mind as Darren began to kiss you gently on the side of your neck. He pulled your hair back so that he could get to the sensitive spot by your ear. Your body tingled as he laid you on the bed ever so gently. If he knew what you were thinking, it would be the only time that he treated you gently this evening. Romance was nice, but it had been so long that you needed a good fuck.

Darren must have read your mind. He began pulling his clothes off and his body was framed by the soft moonlight coming through the windows. Before you knew it he was standing before you, looking down onto your figure. He knelt to one knee and began to pull your clothes off roughly. The stretch pants were pulled down forcefully and he kissed you feverishly. His lips found yours and soothed that longing momentarily. He leaned into you and your hands found that big assed dick. It was as thick as one of those old Coca-Cola bottles you couldn't get any more. You know the six ounce kind that came out of the old fashioned machines. Your hand wrapped around it and you felt the heat that came with it.

His hands began to pull your shirt over your head and you felt dizzy as he flipped you over on the bed. He grabbed your hips and pulled them up in the air. Your butt was high in the air and you waited for him to ram that meat into you. The room was eerily quiet as he moved around on the bed. His weight shifted and then you felt his hands pulling you down towards the bed.

This man had decided to surprise you after all. He pulled your pussy down onto his face and began to feast. Your juices were dripping like a leaky faucet and you couldn't breathe for a moment. He wasn't eating it like most inexperienced men do. Darren was licking it from the back to the front. His tongue was sliding into the pink crack with a smoothness that was unreal... your insides quivered and shook as he snaked his way into you. It seemed like he was part animal, part man. Running wasn't an option.