 It had started as a joke. We were lying in bed, about a month ago, having just had a wonderful sex session when the topic of fantasies had come up. We were asking each other questions about things we wanted to do or had done and when we got to the idea of a threesome we both kind of lit up. Neither of us had ever done it, but the idea was more than intriguing. 

"We should totally do it!" I had said, half jokingly, testing the waters. 

"Really??!!" He had replied, reaching over with his hand to caress my breast as he watched my face and waited for my response.

I had hesitated before answering, not wanting to be hasty in my reply. "I think it would be fun."

"Wow. You're amazing, baby, but are you sure? Wait...are you thinking a guy or a girl?" He started rubbing my nipple, pulling on it just a little and starting my juices flowing as he again had studied my face.

"Either..." I said, knowing full well that he would pick a girl. Which was fine with me but I wanted to leave the door open for the future. His hand on my tit was making me moan and I wanted him again. Just thinking about the idea was obviously a turn on for the both of us.

"Definitely a girl!" He had replied, bringing his mouth to mine and kissing me as his hands roamed lower down my body. He reached my already wet pussy and began massaging my clit as we kissed. The discussion was put on hold as the heat rose between us and desire took over once again.

*****

Decision made, we set about finding a suitable person to join us. We had to be careful, no one that might get clingy or make things messy. We just wanted someone that we were both attracted to and that would not likely form an emotional attachment to either of us. This was not "Big Love" and I had no desires to share my man outside of the bedroom. I knew Joshua felt the same way so no crazy lesbians either. So, where did this leave us? 

I knew a couple of cute women from my daughter's school, but that had messy potential. Joshua worked with a couple of promising women but the workplace seemed dangerous. Just when things seemed hopeless, I remembered, Lucy, the pretty Asian receptionist at my salon. We had always had a friendly banter that I tried not to read too much into but always thought had bordered on flirtatious. She was petite with a killer figure and nice breasts, probably a D-cup, which on her looked even more fantastic than you might imagine. 

I knew she was happily married with a couple of kids so I thought the potential for trouble was low. As luck would have it I had a pedicure scheduled soon after so I decided to feel things out. We ended up chatting for quite a while after my appointment and I invited her to coffee the next day. I told Joshua of my plans but went alone as to not overwhelm her. 

When we met I was wearing a low cut pink t shirt and a pair of tight denim capris. My usual flip flops were on my feet and my toes were pretty and pink. I drove to the coffee shop somewhat apprehensively, I had never done anything like this before and I wasn't exactly sure what I was going to say. When I arrived I saw her sitting outside, she looked lovely, wearing a green tank top and a short black skirt. She rose when she saw me and we hugged a little longer then briefly before she sat back down and I headed into to get my drink, a skinny mocha. 

I rejoined her with my drink in hand and we launched into small talk, how are you, how's your family, the weather is great and other niceties. My heart was racing and I just wanted to get it over with so I steeled my nerves and went for it.

"So, Lucy, you might be wondering why I asked you here today," she nodded and I continued. "Well my boyfriend, his name's Joshua, we wanted to, well, try adding new things in the bedroom and..." my voice trailed off as our eyes met once again and realization popped into her pretty hazel eyes.

"Oh," she said, "you mean you want me to join you and him?" She said this with a shy smile so while I could tell she was a little surprised she wasn't turned off by the idea. 

"Umm, well, yeah," I said, ever the conversationalist. "If you want to, that is, and of course, you guys could meet before we made any final decisions," I finished, feeling bolstered by her apparent willingness. We maintained eye contact as she processed what I was offering. She licked her lips before she opened them to speak.

"I would love to meet your boyfriend, to discuss this a little further," she answered, flipping her back over her shoulder and giving me a glimpse of her cleavage. I had never really been into women but there was something about Lucy that turned me on. I tried not to stare but I felt a little transfixed by her. Her large breasts were pushing up against her shirt and were proudly displaying themselves in the low cut V of her top. I could imagine myself cupping them and sucking on her nipples. I shook my head to clear my thoughts when it dawned on me that I was staring. I again made eye contact and a knowing smile was on her face. 

We hung out a little while longer, exchanging extended looks and occasional light touches as we made small talk. A small current of electricity had begun to flow between us. We made plans later in the week for dinner with Joshua and me. When we parted we gave another hug, a little tighter, and I reveled momentarily in the feeling of her breasts up again mine. 

*****

The dinner with Joshua, Lucy and me had gone exceptionally well. It had ended with us having a few drinks, getting tipsy and taking turns making out in my living room. It hadn't gone further than that and a few grabs of each others boobs with Joshua watching, a bit of awe and disbelief on his face. Watching them kiss was equally arousing for me and I could easily imagine the three of us in various sexual positions. 

Once she had left, Joshua had fucked me in the living room for a long time, his cock larger and harder than ever. As he rammed me, I had orgasm after orgasm until he had finally exploded inside of me, then we got into the shower. He ate my pussy until I came again and then I sucked him off as he fucked my face, in bed, right before I fell asleep. If this is was the effect that having a third person in our bedroom, then I was more than ready to begin. 

So here we were, the magic night had approached us and I was so ready. I was wet just thinking about it. I dressed carefully, a short, tight purple dress with sheer black thigh highs held in place by a black suspender belt and underneath that a skimpy black g-string and a matching push up bra. I was wearing black heels and a bit of jewelry and makeup to finalize the look. I couldn't stop my mind from thinking of all the things we were going to do tonight. Joshua had rented a limo, we were going to first go to a comedy show to loosen up and let the sexual tension build. Then we were off to a lounge where we could have a few drinks and do a little dancing if the mood hit us. After that we were going to return to Joshua's house for the main event. Although I had a feeling things might get a little dirty in the limo as well. At least I hoped so. 

I had just finished getting ready when I heard the garage open. My heart leapt and I tapped my toe incessantly until he walked inside. When he saw me he did a double take and came to put his arms around me. He told me I looked beautiful and immediately started to assault my body with his hands. He loved it when I got dressed up and the special meaning behind tonight's outfit was a further turn on. I laughed and wriggled away from him and told him to go get ready. He reluctantly released me and went into the bedroom. 

"Oh, and I made a video for you to watch later," I called out to him once the door was closed. He thoroughly enjoyed watching me get ready and when he wasn't able to be there I would make seductive videos of my doing so as a gift. 

"Thanks, baby, can't wait!" He replied. I then walked to the kitchen to get a glass of water. I knew he wouldn't be long, he only had to change a few things from his work outfit to transition to evening. Sure enough, he emerged five minutes later, looking handsome and sexy in a grey suit, with a light blue top and a black tie. The sleeves were rolled up to the elbow in a cool casual way and the jacket was hanging over his arm. His defined chest looked great in the shirt and his legs and ass looked amazing in the pants. He was wearing black dress shoes and his hair was styled; he looked terrific and I told him so. We embraced again and made out a little in the kitchen, just when things started to get hot and heavy, we heard the honk from outside. The limo was here. I was tingling with excitement as we headed out to begin our evening.

*****

The comedy show had been fun. We had all had the requisite two drinks, although Joshua's second had been soda, I was grateful for that. I had pounded down two long island iced teas and the full extent of their effect had not been apparent until I tried to walk. Joshua had come to help support me on one side and Lucy on the other. I wasn't that unsteady but I wasn't about to turn down being in the middle of the two of them. During the show I had sat between them as well and we all took turns rubbing each other under the table. By the time the show had ended we were all pretty relaxed and more than a little aroused. We made our way to the limo. Part way there Lucy went a bit ahead of us and I stared at her short red dress, the way it hugged her ass and her 4 inch heels that made her legs look great. It still felt a little strange for me to be turned on by a woman but, at least, for tonight I was just going to go with it. 

We reached the limo and the driver held the door open for all of us. We ducked inside and Joshua immediately closed the privacy screen as we settled in. It was about a thirty minute drive to the club, more than enough time to get the party started. I could see Joshua's arousal through his pants and I was so wet I was practically dripping. I sat down next to Lucy and put my hand on her leg. Joshua sat across from us, ready to enjoy whatever show he was about to get. 

"You guys can kiss if you want, it's ok with me," he innocently suggested and we eagerly complied. Her mouth felt soft and gentle on mine as we slowly slipped our tongues into each other's mouths and started kissing passionately. My hands went her breasts as we kissed, cupping each of them just as I had imagined. I felt her hands come to mine as well, seeking out my nipples and rubbing them through my dress and bra. After a few minutes of this I stopped her and laid her back on the seat. I wanted to get closer to her, to play with her nipples with my hands and mouth. I undid the halter portion of her dress and pulled it down. I reached around and unclasped her bra, letting her large breasts fall free. She moaned as the air hit her nipples and when I put my thumb and forefinger on each of her them and began to slowly rub them her moans got more intense. 

"God damn baby, that is so hot! Lick her nipples, suck on them, fuck!" Joshua said, rubbing his already swollen cock through his pants. 

I brought my mouth down to her left nipple, keeping my hand on her right and licked all around the top. I then brought my mouth down further and began to slowly suck on her nipple, lightly biting it then letting go. I worked on one, while the other hand kept massaging her other, then I would switch. She was getting really worked up, and I wondered if I could make her cum just from playing with her nipples. I glanced up at Joshua and I saw he had taken out his cock and was stroking it with his hands, his eyes on us and what we were doing. I looked up at Lucy's face, she was lost in ecstasy and I decided to take it a step further. 

I was determined to make her cum before we got to the club so I slid my knees down to the ground and slid Lucy's dress up to her waist, and then moved her black thong away from her pussy. I took a breath before lightly flicking my tongue out to meet her clit. I started slowly but then began moving my tongue faster as Lucy brought her hands up to her nipples as I licked her pussy, focusing on her clit for a few seconds before moving to slide my tongue up and into her before returning to her clit. Her breathing became more and more erratic as I continued pleasuring her and when I started moving my tongue really slow in a circle around her clit, she let go, let out a long, high wail and she started to cum for me. Her pelvis thrust towards my mouth several times as she came and I kept licking slow, circling around, hitting all her little nerves there until she came again, almost as hard and then pushed my head away with her hands. 

She laid there, panting, a satisfied smile on her face. I then turned toward Joshua and took his cock from his hand and started stroking it with mine. I slid my mouth down towards it and started slowly licking the head of his hard cock. I then pushed it further into my mouth, easing my tongue down the shaft as I took him in my mouth. He was so turned on, I could tell by the way he was grasping my hair and pushing my head down further. He guided my head repeatedly up and down him, forcefully taking me, pushing into my throat and back out. It didn't take long until he was shooting his hot sperm into my mouth as I tried my best to swallow the copious amount he was spewing forth. He held my head in place until he was done, then he released me and sat back. 

I climbed up on the chair, to help Lucy with her dress. I pulled her up and she giggled and then clasped her bra. She then turned around so I could tie her dress for her. I couldn't resist grabbing her tits one more time and kissing her neck from behind. I slowly kneaded at her nipples, still so turned on and she closed her eyes and leaned back into me. My pussy was so wet and I knew we were almost there so I wasn't going to get off any time soon. I took my time suckling at her neck and rubbing her tits as Joshua continued to watch us, getting aroused again, when the driver pulled up and stopped. I disentangled myself from Lucy and we clamored out of the car, the smell of sex probably emanating from all of us. 

*****

We found a group of chairs in the corner of the club. We ordered drinks from the waitress and while waiting for them , I suggested to Joshua that he take Lucy out to the dancefloor. They eagerly complied and started dancing to a fast song. They looked great together and I loved watching their bodies move. I was so hot I considered going to the bathroom to masturbate but I decided instead to wait for them. The music soon changed to a slow song and my horniness went up a few notches when he wrapped her up in his arms. His hands trailed down to graze her ass and we made eye contact, smiling at one another, so happy things were going well. He rubbed her ass for a little while and she grinded up against him. When the music stopped they headed back in my direction. 

He sat down and I gestured that she should sit in his lap and she did, both legs off to one side. She reached down and kissed him and he kissed her back, soon their tongues were dancing and his hands were coming up to fondle her breasts. I was on the verge of touching myself right there in front of them and everyone else in the bar. Watching them make out and him touch her beautiful breasts was so much of a turn on. Once hand had trailed down to her thighs, slowly easing up her leg as one hand had worked its way into her dress and was massaging her nipple. They seemed unaware that they were in public and I was mesmerized by the sight before me. His hand creeped up even further, got dangerously close to her pussy then kept going. I waited for her to stop him but she seemed unable to and she allowed his hand to creep up further between her legs. We were tucked away in a corner and no one seemed to be paying attention to us. 

Her legs were pointed towards me and I was watching his hand slide up to her thong and push it aside. She spread her legs just enough to give him better access but not enough to show too much. She moaned a softly as he started grazing her lips with his hands, her hairless pussy so wet. He kept maneuvering her nipple as they kissed, moving his hand faster and faster as he found her clit with his fingers. He then moved his hand down to her pussy and slid his fingers inside her. At this point the whole bar could have been watching us but none of us cared. We were all lost in lust, his fingers thrusting in and out of her pussy as his thumb played with her clit. Her, eyes closed, soft moans rapidly coming from her as he pleasured her. Me watching the whole thing, on the verge just from the sight of this. Soon Lucy exploded, her whole body shaking as he continued working her pussy and her nipple. I knew how good he was at that, how good she must be feeling right now and I started feeling tingly and in need of a hard orgasm myself. 

When she was spent, he slipped his fingers out of her and thrust them into her mouth. She took them in and sucked at them. He looked over at me as she did this, he could see my desire in his eyes as he stared at me. "You need to cum, don't you baby?" he asked me lasciviously, with a twinkle in his eyes. 

I could only nod, staring at the two of them feeling a deep ache in my pussy and a strong need for a release. He pulled his hands from her mouth and tapped her ass, motioning at her to get up. "Let's finish our drinks then go back to the limo. I really want to get you two home!" 

...To Be Continued...