 It seemed like a dream. He barely spoke to you and your legs were weak. The mood was right. There was a bit of nastiness to what was happening. The lounge was empty but you would let him take you right there if the place was packed. His hands roamed all over you sending both chills and fires to your very core. In a moment you would break free and beg this man to fuck you doggy style right there. You simply had to have him inside of you! Your nipples poked through the flimsy material of your blouse. All of a sudden you wished that you had worn a simple jacket. Darren loved to nibble on your breasts and they seemed so sensitive right now. 

His right hand made its way to the front of your body. This brother was reading your mind! He grabbed the entire left breast with his right hand and squeezed the nipple. It hurt so well! His left hand was cupped over your ass. You don't know how he did it, but he was actually grabbing the whole ass with his left hand. The room seemed to swirl around as he held you just like that. Finally, you broke free and spoke. "Darren, I...' He interrupted you with a light tender kiss on your lips. 

He didn't say anything but the kiss spoke volumes.... it said; I want you here and now. There was nothing at all to indicate that he wouldn't fuck you right there. He simply had to! He couldn't tease you like this. It wasn't fair! You had been so good and hadn't been with anyone else other than that last excuse of a man. Everyone was being compared to this brown-skinned Adonis who was making you think thoughts that were definitely impure. As wet as you were, there wouldn't be any conversation beyond the moaning that would happen when Darren pumped you like he always did. There didn't need to be any....but he fooled you.

He carried you in his arms out of the lounge area. The thunder outside began to rumble as the rain picked up. The lobby was sparsely populated and there were only a few staff members around. He walked over to the elevator with you in his arms, carrying you like a rag doll. You were so ashamed that you hid your face in his chest. "Darren, what about your back, baby?" Darren whispered in your ear," Don't worry about my back. Worry about yours tonight. "It was music to your ears. He hit the button and the elevator opened.

As soon as he walked inside, he hit the button for his floor and pinned you against the wall. You don't know how he did it, but the man had actually slid his hand inside of your top and unhooked the front clasp to the bra. He pulled it out and put it in his pocket. Your nipples looked like they would tear holes in your top. The elevator had a mirror on each wall and you could see his ass in those pants he was wearing. How you loved to grab that butt when he slammed it into you! Instead of kissing you, he turned you around and put your hands up against the wall....your breasts were pressed against the cold mirror. The silk top provided no relief from the pressure that was building in your nipples. He remembered! How long had it been since a man had taken you so forcefully....and you willingly went along. You wanted to see what he would do in this elevator.

He pulled your hair back and he whispered sweet nothings in your ears. His left hand held your arms above your head and his right held your hips in place. The tension was building as you felt a wave begin to build; it rose from between your legs and washed over your body. Darren teased your earlobe with little pecks. After a few moments, he leaned into you and that throbbing dick sat insistently against your ass. It somehow seemed bigger than before. You yearned for this man to take you right here. But you were scared...he didn't seem to be that large before he left. Your mind began to race and you wanted to leave. He would rip you in to pieces! There was no way that he could fit that into your pussy. It didn't matter if you were dripping wet, that dick was too big!