 Your mind was swimming with both fear and frustration. It had been so long since you had been pleased by a man! You wanted to tell him to simply fuck you, but that wasn't what you wanted tonight. Here, tonight, the love of your life was back to give you what you needed and wanted. Your legs either slid open or Darren pulled them wider. At this point, you couldn't tell what happened. The only thing that mattered was that Darren was eating the pussy that missed him. He wasn't one of those silent eaters who appears to be ashamed that he went down on his woman. Some guys acted like they were doing you a favor. Darren called it a pleasure for him too. His tongue slid into the creamy center and ran along the length of your womanhood. He started at the bottom and eased up into the center. He was going so tantalizingly slow!

You just knew that he was going that slowly because he wanted to please you. Your legs began to shake uncontrollably. It wasn't fair your mind was screaming. He had just started and you were already coming. Darren knew the tell-tale signs and stretched the lips of your vagina open wider with his thumbs. His tongue rubbed your sensitive clit like velvet sandpaper.

The shaking intensified as he grabbed your ass with the rest of his fingers and squeezed. The pressure began to build. He continued his slow torture of you by licking and smacking. It sounded like he was trying to lick up all of the ice cream from an ice cream cone. Your hips started to move in rhythm with his licks. He put his entire mouth on the pussy at one point, covering all of you with his lips and tongue. The feeling was so divine that you seemed to leave your body. You felt as light as air and that tingly feeling washed over your body. It started from your clit (where else?) and traveled outward. You were moving away from him and your nipples hit your sheets a certain way...that was it.

You were grinding that pussy into his face and he was taking it. The nipples seemed to set off a trigger. Your breathing was short and the juices intensified. They flowed out of you like a steady stream. You felt his tongue lapping up as much as he could, but there was no way that he could get it all. Darren didn't know that though. The warm feeling of the orgasm washed over your body like a wave. You looked down and saw your man's face covered in wetness and cream. Most of it centered on his mouth and nose. To some it would seem nasty, but to you it was erotic and romantic. You were perplexed as he licked his lips....damn; it felt good to be back with this man!

As you lie in his arms, you wondered if this was a weekend fling or does Darren really want to make this thing work?It felt good to feel secure in his arms. The rain was beating down outside playing a sensual rhythm that matched your heartbeat. Your mind seemed to be floating outside of your body as you felt his dick pressing against your butt. Darren began to grind into your rear end in a smooth motion. It was faint at first, coupled with the sensation of his arms holding you. He kissed the back of your neck as he pulled the hair aside. That was like uncovering a million nerve endings.

Darren rolled you over onto your belly and began kissing you across your back. He started at the top of your spinal column and slowly worked his way downward, pausing in the area between your shoulder blades. As he worked magic on your back, his hands began kneading your ass in a circular motion. The stimulus caused by his hands and lips was becoming a problem. You were already on fire from the good dicking he had just given you and now he was throwing a semi massage into the mix? It was going to be a long night.

Your pussy dripped fresh juices from somewhere deep inside of you. Darren slowly rose over your body and disappeared for a moment. You were giddy but confused. No he didn't! Why was he leaving now? This pussy was juicy and heated up. It was time for him to finish what he started. The bed sagged as you felt his body come back to the bed. He whispered that he had to get a condom. The room seemed to echo with the sound of the wrapper being torn open. Darren pulled your body up in the air with your ass high for his enjoyment. 

This was it. That big dick was going in that pussy tonight! Darren gently spread you open with his fingers and you held your breath ....your whimpers of delight filled the room after he slid the fat head inside. He was so gentle yet forceful. Your knees were weak and began to shake. Darren was sliding into you with an effortless motion. He grabbed your arms and placed them behind your back. The palms were open and resting on the small of your back. His pumping action mimicked the rhythmic sound of the rain falling. He worked that dick into you bit by bit and grabbed your hands with his. Your pussy was talking to you. It was saying where has this dick been? 

You would be damned if this man was leaving you again. He stretched you open and was pulling you back into him by using your hands. When he was able to put the entire dick into you, it felt like you were being split open. He sensed your discomfort and stopped right there. The dick seemed to continue to grow as it found new depths to the pussy. Damn, you didn't even know that you were that deep! He began to pump you, slowly at first, but more insistent after you began to babble incoherently. You begged him to pound you with that dick. He seemed to believe that you wanted it and began to throw all of his weight into you. It seemed as though you were being stabbed with a thick steel pole. Each thrust brought joy to your pelvic region. Darren pounded you with a force not unlike a man possessed. He was writing his name in the pussy. Any man who came after him would know that you had been pleased in a way few men can please a woman. 

The tingling feeling began to creep into you again. This time it was more intense. Darren was driving into you with all of his weight. You were gripping his dick with the walls of your pussy. His breathing grew heavier and shorter. This was the tell-tale sign that your man was going to come. You felt a torrent of fluid spill out of your pussy. It was flowing from you like there was a water hose inside of you. The two of you seemed to be on the same wavelength...he bellowed out loud as he came for you, his baby. The room seemed to spin as the two of you fell onto the bed exhausted and spent, but satisfied. 

Your body was spent but your mind was still sharp, despite having had two mind-shattering orgasms. The question begged to be asked, but you were so afraid that it would spoil the moment. You had to know. If there was no chance of being with Darren on ALL levels, then you would not be willing to continue to be tortured like this. No matter how good the sex was, a real woman wants to know that she is with someone for the long haul and she is more than just a good fuck.

MORE TO COME...