 Trailing his fingers absent-mindedly up her leg, he wondered what she was thinking. She'd been unusually quiet as they'd wandered down to their spot on the beach and now she lay beside him, head resting on his chest and hand nestled inside his tshirt, her fingers lightly pressed against the warm skin of his stomach. 

The sky, a glorious clear blue when they'd set off, was turning a stormy grey, clouds rolling in on the horizon and she shivered a little in his arms as the temperature began to fall. 

Pulling her closer, he rolled onto his side, catching a glimpse of some emotion in her eyes before their lips met and eyes drifted shut. Her mouth clung to his as her hand slipped round beneath his shirt to rest between his shoulder blades, hugging him tightly to her as she draped one leg over his hip, trapping him and pressing her body hard up against his. 

He ran his hand up her leg to grip her arse tightly, squeezing and pulling her closer until she could feel the bulge in his trousers resting against that spot in between her legs. 

Wriggling her hips slightly she moaned against his mouth, her hand moving from beneath his tshirt to curl into the hair at the nape of his neck, her thumb stroking over his cheek as her kisses became harder, mashing his lips almost painfully against his teeth. 

Shivering again, she curled her bare foot around the back of his knee, bending her leg to bring his up until it was captured between hers. The top of his denim covered thigh pressed against her panties beneath her skirt and he could feel the warmth and moisture seeping through the material to his skin as she rubbed her hips against his leg. 

Rolling on top of her, he rested his weight on his elbows so as not to hurt her, their lips still moving hungrily together as he smoothed his hand over her hair before sliding it behind her neck in an echo of her earlier gesture. 

Untangling her hands from his hair she pulled him down until his whole weight rested on her, and she let out a satisfied moan, one arm bent, hand beneath his shirt, fingernails digging hard into the muscle of his shoulder, the other grasping his buttocks as she tilted her hips up to his. 

Grinding his pelvis against hers he pulled his head back for a second to catch his breath and again caught that strange melancholy look in her eyes before she buried her head in his shoulder and pulled him close, her hands tugging at his T-shirt, dragging it up and over his head. 

Pressing little kisses into the hollow just above his collar bone she whimpered slightly as he moved restlessly, the stones hard on his knees in this position. His imprisoned erection rubbing against her sensitive skin as he did so. 

As he nudged up her tshirt he felt the first cool drops of rain fall on his back and he started to pull away, suggest they go somewhere else, but she held him tight, whispering softly in his ear, one word.

"Stay."

Sitting back on his haunches he watched as she crossed her arms in front of her, lifting the shirt up and over her head before laying it on the hard stones, forming a bed of sorts with their discarded clothing. 

Pulling her onto his lap he unclipped her bra, the rain falling heavily now as he gazed wonderingly at her naked breasts, weighing them in his hands before bending to suck the tip of one into his mouth. 

Arching her back she rested her hands on her knees, the position pushing her breasts up as her head fell back. He tasted the salty tang of sweat mixed with the fresh cool rivulets of rain running down her naked chest and he bit gently on her nipple, hearing her soft moan as he did the same to the other. 

Supporting her shoulders with one hand he bent her back further until she was resting on the bed of clothes and he tugged down her skirt to lay it beneath her hips. 

Sitting back, he stared at her drinking in the vision of her lying there, rain drenched and naked but for the tiny white satin panties, translucent from their exposure to the weather. Sliding his hands from her shoulders to her wrists he raised them above her head, holding them there with one hand and he kissed lightly along her collar bone. 

He felt her throat vibrating against his ear and realised she was humming something, the song familiar but hard to pinpoint, cut off with a sharp gasp as his mouth reached her nipple again and his hand lowered to rub gently over her panty covered mound. 

Teasingly he ran his fingers over her slit through the material, not applying any pressure as she writhed beneath his touch. He felt her struggle to release her hands from his grasp and he gripped her wrists more tightly, pushing them back into the pebbles. 

Moving up to kiss her again he pressed his chest against hers, enjoying the way she arched beneath him to press closer, the rain making their bodies damp and slippery so that her hard nipples glided over his skin as he moved above her. 

Keeping her hands imprisoned in one of his, he released his belt with the other, unbuttoning his trousers and kicking them off. The material was heavy and wet, clinging to his legs as he pushed it down, his boxers following until he was completely naked. 

Bunching them up he made a rough pillow for his knees before lowering himself onto her, feeling her moan against his mouth as she felt his hot, hard shaft pushing at her through the thin material of her panties. 

Raising her legs she wrapped them around his waist, needing to feel him pressed against her through the barrier of her underwear. The rain made it hard to grip and she wound her legs ever tighter, grinding her pelvis against his cock until he moaned in frustration, yanking her panties to one side and burying himself in her in one long, deep stroke. 

Her hot pussy clenched tightly around him, and he groaned at the sensation of being inside her. Stilling he took a deep breath to calm himself, his hand against her face, thumb stroking across her wet cheek as he gazed down at her in wonder. 

Opening her eyes she stared back up at him, her pupils dilated and that look in her eyes again. His chest suddenly felt tight and his stomach hollow as he recognised it for what it was. Love, tinged with sadness. The thought both scared him and filled him with a sense of awe. What had he done to deserve that. Her eyes fluttered closed again, her head turning into his hand as her mouth nuzzled against his palm. 

Bending his head he touched his lips to hers and felt them cling, desperately tasting him as she sucked his lower lip into her mouth, making his cock twitch inside her as if the two parts of his body were joined somehow. 

Slowly, still kissing her, he began to thrust into her, her hips lifting to meet his, a rhythm that gradually built and accelerated until he was pounding her into the stones, her mouth making little breathy sighs with each impact of his hips against hers. 

Releasing her wrists he dug his fingers into the fleshy skin of her hips, lifting her to get a better angle, a deeper angle. 

Moaning she buried her nails in his arse, pulling him closer, her head thrashing from side to side as the noises she emitted became more frantic. As she bit hard on his shoulder he felt her pussy clamp down around his cock and he shuddered, emptying himself deep inside her with a low groan. 

Rolling onto his side he pulled her with him, her head nestling in the hollow of his shoulder as he wrapped his arms tightly around her. Her leg creeping over and tangling around his, so entwined that he wasn't sure where he ended and she began. As her hand stroked gently over his stomach and the rain fell down around them he heard her humming again, her cheek resting on his chest and her mouth pressing kisses just above his nipple. 

Holding his breath he listened, the lyrics floating into his head. Pulling her tightly against him he shivered, a chill running up his spine as November Rain shifted imperceptibly into Don't Cry.