 READ THE PREVIOUS CHAPTERS TO GET A BETTER UNDERSTANDING OF THE STORY THUS FAR!

You were awakened by a strange feeling deep down. It made you feel funny and at the same time made you sad. This wasn't that throbbing sensation between your legs, but instead it was the warm feeling that came from being held by Darren. He was indeed the true love of your life and if only for one night, he was back. It could not have come at a better time. Granted, you loved the feeling between your legs, but it felt even better to have this strong black man back. So many nights you wanted to call him and tell him just how much he was missed, but the distance and pain was too great. Whatever it was that brought you and he together once again was appreciated, but you now wondered what would become of this. What would the new day bring?

As if by some grand design, the drizzle increased to a thunderstorm during the night. Now in the early hours of the morning, the thunder roared and the lightning rolled across the sky. You never had liked storms. A thunderclap popped too close for your comfort and you jumped. Darren was there to comfort you. He awoke and pulled you ever closer. You could feel his dick pressing against the back of your thighs.

"Baby, I'm here. Everything is okay," he said.

Your mind fought to say the words. They came out in a whisper. "Is it Darren? Are things ok? What are we really doing here? Are you just here to get some for the weekend and dip?"

Darren turned you around to face him. Normally this meant that he was going to try and go down on you, but tonight you weren't going to fall for it. No matter how good that brother's tongue was, you wanted an answer. He sat up in the bed and pulled you to him. It felt good to rest your head on his chest. His hands ran through your hair as he looked into your eyes. "Sweetheart, I have some good news to tell you. I know that the distance was too much for us in the past. That's not a factor now. The reason I am here this weekend is because there are some openings and I am being considered for a promotion."

Your heart began to beat double time. Darren was being promoted? "But Darren, what does that have to with me?" you asked him. Your eyes began to get misty as he explained. It seemed that there was an upside to his being away from you for so long. He had performed so well at the store level, that he was being given the choice of district manager positions. One of the positions was in this area. So basically what was happening was that he could be coming back....if you would have him. 

"Now, honey, there isn't anything written in stone yet and there are three jobs open. I didn't know about it until this morning," Darren said.

Rather than answer him verbally and risk saying something unintelligible, you decided to let your actions speak for you. As the thunder roared outside, you began to kiss him lightly on his chest. This always drove him crazy. Your hands found that fat dick that was still a little wet from your juices. As you teased his body with your mouth, his hips began to move. He wanted you to suck his dick right now without any foreplay, but where was the fun in that? You stroked the head of his dick with one hand and played with his balls with the other. He was close to coming again but you backed off and let him relax for a moment. 

As you watched his dick sway back and forth, you decided to really answer his question. You flipped around in the bed until your pussy was in his face. He knew what that meant. He never turned down your pussy. But tonight was cause for celebration. Darren had hardly begun to lick the pink folds of your pussy when you pulled his dick to your face and took the head in your mouth. It was something you always wanted to do with him but never did. Similar to a great prizefight, the two of you took turns. Darren would lick your pussy ever so slowly and gently one minute and the next he would be going faster than a cat lapping up milk. Not to be outdone, you opened your mouth wide and began to taste the dick that had pleased you so well a few hours ago. You were determined to take as much of this dick as you could. It felt as though his dick was ready to explode. The saliva had been running down his dick and you didn't care. The nastier, the better, you always said. He seemed to love it because he pulled your pussy open and tried to get his tongue into your stomach. It felt so good to have his tongue sliding around inside you! The texture was amazing too.

But with all good things they must come to an end. The pressure was just too intense. His hands grabbed your thighs harder as you sucked his manhood. You were rewarded with a sweeter taste than before. That dick was ready to explode! It seemed impossible but it was happening. Darren had always wanted you to swallow, but you said that you would reserve that for a special occasion. If tonight wasn't one, you didn't know what one was. His balls began to quiver in your hands as he shivered. His licks became mini moans into your pussy. His whole mouth was covering you and it sent shockwaves throughout you. You were both coming! This only happens in the movies, no one ever comes like this you thought. But there was proof between your legs, because cream was coming out. Darren lapped as much of it up as he could. While he was finishing that, you were tasting the thick cum shooting into your throat.....it was so damned hot!

COMING SOON........SUNRISE!