 In the morning I woke with my head on Jim's shoulder. We were covered with just a sheet and I could see the outline of his penis through the sheet. Apparently he was having rather a pleasant dream because he looked semi-hard. There was time for me to have my way with him before I had to leave so I began to stroke his cock gently. It quickly grew fully erect.

Watching the outline of it grow under the sheet was turning me on and I began to gently kiss him on the neck and cheek. I wanted him to wake up gradually to the feelings of me giving him moist kisses and stroking his cock.

As his eyes slowly opened, he said, "Mmmmm, good morning baby."

"Hello beautiful," I said. "I have to leave soon."

"Ahhhh, okay," he said. "Do you want me to leave?"

"No," I said, nuzzling his neck as we spoke. "You can stay as long as you like. I want you to make love to me before I go."

"I think I can do that for you sexy," he said, as he stroked my hip and arse. "What are you doing this afternoon after the gym?"

"I don't have any plans," I replied, while I kissed him on his Adam's apple. "Do you have something in mind?"

"I am meeting Paul at the beach later, would you like to join us?" he asked.

"Paul, huh?" I said, as I sat up a little and looked at him.

I couldn't help a cheeky smile from growing as I said, "Say 'hi' for me when you see him please."

"Sure," he said, as he ran his fingers along the crevice between my arse cheeks. "What's with the grin? Is there something I don't know about?"

I giggled a little, as I said, "Well, yes, there is actually, I went home with Paul on Friday night."

"Wow, you have been a busy little beaver, Lisa," he said, "or maybe I should say 'your beaver has been a little busy.'"

I couldn't help but giggle at his innuendo, as I said, "Either way works."

"How did you manage to get Paul into bed?" he asked. "He's sworn off women." "Well, I didn't really," I said, as I began to stroke his cock again. "It was all I could do to give him head, I practically had to rape him."

"That sounds right," he said, "but maybe you've put a dent in his armour."

"Maybe, but it's you I want right now," I said, before kissing him on the lips and increasing the pace of my strokes.

He moaned then and I knew our conversation was over, for the time being at least. He rolled me onto my back and began kissing my neck and gently biting as he moved along my neck to the lobes of my ears. He bit my ears then began to tickle them with his tongue. He ran his hand along my hips and waist, stroking my body and finally squeezing my breast and pinching my nipple.

His mouth and his hands were having the desired effect. I could feel the juices begin to flow in my pussy and I opened my legs. I wanted him inside me and I was almost ready. When he felt my legs open he moved his hand down to my pussy and stroked my lips. He opened my lips gently and spread the juices from my vagina, arousing me further and causing more juices to flow.

When he had me wet enough, he slipped a finger into me and began to finger fuck me. He rubbed the front wall of my pussy, which sent waves of pleasure washing over my body.

I whispered in his ear, "Fuck me baby. Fuck me now."

He didn't need any further encouragement, and positioned himself on top of me. I reached down and guided his cock into me as I wrapped my legs around his hips, spreading my legs for him and opening myself for his shaft to enter me. My whole body began to quiver as he pushed himself deeper and deeper into me.

"That feels so good," he said, "you have such a tight little pussy baby."

"Yeah baby," I said, "tell me you like my cunt."

"Oh fuck," he said, thrusting into me harder and harder. "I love your gorgeous little snatch; it feels so good wrapped around my cock."

He lifted himself up a little and looked into my eyes as he thrust into me. He could see the pleasure on my face and I could see the pleasure on his. I couldn't help but open my mouth and thrust my head back as I came closer and closer to climax.

"You have such a tight little cunt," he said. "How does my big cock feel in your tight little slit?"

"It's perfect. Can you feel it stretching me baby?" I said, "Fuck me harder. Tell me I'm your slut."

It didn't seem possible but somehow he managed to thrust unto me deeper and harder. Each thrust was slower but more powerful. Each time he entered me I was pushed up the bed by the force. I opened my legs further, lifting them just under his shoulders. I wanted to be wide open to him so he could gain maximum penetration with his cock.

"You're my sweet little slut, Lisa," he said. "Have you ever been with two men?"

"Yes."

"Are you a proper slut, Lisa? Did you like it?"

"Yes. Yes."

"Would you do it again? Would you have two cocks at once, my slutty baby?"

"Yes. Fuck yes." I wanted to say more. I wanted to tell him I love having more than one cock, but I didn't have the ability to form words.

Jim moved first one arm over my leg and then the other. He pushed my legs even higher, so my knees touched my shoulders, and spread me even wider. He continued his hard deep thrusts. Each time he pounded his cock into me I thought I would explode as a shock wave of pleasure spread through my body.

I had finally let go of one of my deepest secrets, and rather than being shocked, Jim was turned on. I could see in his eyes that he was crazy with lust for me. He was excited by the thought of me with two men, he was excited by calling me dirty names, and he was even more excited that it excited me. 

"Would you like to fuck me and Paul?"

"God, yes!"

"This afternoon? I want to fuck you with Paul this afternoon."

"Yes."

"Will you let me watch you suck his cock?"

"Yes."

After that I lost the ability to form any kind of rational thought. I was completely lost in the ecstasy of sex. I don't know what else I might have agreed to, but I would have agreed to anything Jim asked of me. I was completely lost in the pleasure of his thrusting cock. I could feel tears running down my cheeks as I came again and again.

I only began to regain my senses as Jim came. He pulled out of me and shot cum all over me. His cum was all over my stomach and breasts and neck. His orgasm was so powerful that his cum shot all the way to my face. I opened my mouth hoping to taste his jizz and was happy to feel a huge gob land on my lips and tongue. I swallowed it greedily. Tasting him was the perfect end to our amazing sex.

We lay together for a few moments, letting the ecstasy fade slowly, before Jim rolled off me. I left Jim in bed, looking like a peaceful child after his immense orgasm, and went and showered.

While I showered I realised that my buoyant mood was not solely the after-effects of our lovemaking. I felt liberated. Jim knew I'd been with Paul and Tony this weekend, he knew how I liked to be treated in bed, and he knew I liked to have more than one man at the same time. Until now I had not let anyone see that side of myself — at least no one that I considered a friend, no one that I would continue to see. I felt freer than I had in a long time, I could let him see my inner self, and I felt safe with him. I had a feeling that it would even be okay to let all of our friends see this side of me.

When I returned to the bedroom Jim was sleeping. He woke as I gathered my things for the gym.

He looked at me and said, "You're beautiful, perfect. Are you sure you can't stay with me today?"

"I'd love to but I can't, I have to go to the gym"

"Who are you meeting there?" he asked.

"Ezra."

"Ezra? As in Errol? Our Errol?" he asked.

"Yep."

He burst into laughter, and I turned to face him, as he said, "Are you going to have sex with him?"

"I think so. I will if the timing's right."

"Let me guess, you're going to seduce him while letting him think he's seducing you, right?"

"Something like that gorgeous. I'm not sure how much of a workout I'm going to get though, you've exhausted me."

I let Jim watch as I pulled on my gym shorts and top. I'd bought a new outfit for today. Pink lycra ultra short shorts with lime stripes on the side, and an equally small pink lycra halter top with a lime zip fastening between my breasts.

"God," he said. "He won't stand a chance with you wearing that. It should be illegal."

"You like it?"

"Jesus, yes," he said. "You in nothing but two tiny pieces of lycra is enough to give a man a heart attack."

"Do me a favour though?" he asked.

"Maybe, what's the favour?"

"When the time comes with Ez, don't be subtle, just say, 'Do you want to fuck me, Ez?'"

I thought about it for a few moments, before agreeing by saying, "Okay." The idea of being so brazen was exhilarating, and knowing that Ezra would probably tell his friends what I said was even more exhilarating.

"And one more thing?" he asked.

"For you baby, anything."

"Send me a text when you are about to have sex with him. I want to know when you are doing it and I want to think about you being fucked."

I didn't have to think about that at all, I said, "That's so sexy! I'll do it."

I pulled on my old three-quarter length tracksuit pants and a t-shirt. I gave Jim a kiss and said, "Stay as long as you like, I'm off."

"Goodbye," he said. "Have fun."

"You know I will," I said with a cheeky smile as I walked out of the bedroom.