 It took Luke a while to notice Ella after he started his new job. At first, he thought her unassuming. At just over five foot, she was on the short side, and he was normally attracted to taller women, closer to his own six foot two. She also worked in sales, a different team to his, so they barely came into contact with each other during the day, and their respective office cliques seldom interacted after hours. 

One afternoon, though, Luke returned to the office after lunch and walked past her desk where she happened to be speaking on the phone. It was the first time he'd heard her do it, and it struck him how confident she sounded. He glanced in her direction and noticed she was made up as though she was going to see the client in person. Her dark hair was full and wavy, falling to just below her shoulders. Her skin was shiny and smooth, and the lips with which she spoke so assuredly were coated in a pastel pink colour Luke imagined tasted sweet. What really struck him, though, were her eyes. They were doe-like and brown, framed with black eyeliner and a subtle pink shadow to match her lips. She flicked them towards him and caught his stare. He quickly looked away and returned to his desk. 

Later that day, Luke was in the kitchen making tea when she came in. She walked up to the sink and ran herself a glass of water. He gave her a sideways glance. She caught it and smiled back. Luke had never been the most confident when it came to women, and for a moment his brain was paralysed as to what to say. He could have just smiled back and ended the moment there, but he felt compelled to talk to her.

'You sounded so confident on the phone earlier,' he said in the end. Not the greatest opener.

'I kind of have to be,' she said, 'or we wouldn't sell anything to keep you guys in a job.'

Her normal conversational voice was softer than it had been on the phone, but still assured. Luke also thought he noticed something coquettish in her manner, a hint of playfulness.

'Well, I appreciate it,' he said.

'I'm sure to do,' she smiled, turning to leave the kitchen.

As she walked away, Luke couldn't help a glance at her arse. Her short frame came complete with curves, and although she was professionally dressed in a pantsuit, her trousers caressed her rear just enough to let Luke know it was heart-shaped and firm. After picturing the pair of breasts that went with it, he went back to work.

*

They didn't speak again until the following week. Luke was staying late to meet a looming deadline, while she was awaiting a call from an overseas client. They were two of four left in the office. She suddenly plopped into the chair next to him.

'Hi.'

Luke jumped. He'd been so engrossed in his work that he hadn't noticed her approach. 

'Hey,' he said. He no longer needed to imagine what her breasts looked like. The top two buttons of her blouse were unbuttoned, revealing full and tanned d-cups. She'd paired it with a pencil skirt and a pair of silky cross-patterned tights that clung to shapely legs. Her make-up was similar to the previous week and, taking her all in, Luke felt a tingle in his loins.

'Watcha doing?' she asked.

'Just project work, nothing interesting.'

She didn't seem to care about his answer. 'Why were you staring at me last week?'

Luke felt a spike in his heart rate. 'Err... I just... hadn't heard you talk before.' He silently rebuked himself for such a stupid response. 

She smiled. 'Do you like the things I do with my mouth?' Her lips were a darker shade this time, and she licked them in a slow circle with her tongue, leaving them wet. 

Luke felt a stirring in his trousers. She'd leaned forward slightly as she'd said it, allowing him a view further down her blouse. He shifted uncomfortably in his chair.

'I—'

'Would you like to be doing something more interesting?' she asked before he could finish. 

'Erm... what do you mean?'

She wheeled her swivel chair over to him and placed a delicate hand on his crotch. Luke jolted back a little, his expanding manhood pushing against her fingers. 

'There's something about you,' she said, 'and I think, judging by the way you looked at me last week, and the expanding cock in your pants, you think the same about me.'

Luke's stunned silence was all the confirmation she needed. She looked him straight in the eye as she slowly lowered his zipper.

'Jesus, there are people in the office!' Luke hissed.

'Don't worry; they're far too busy doing uninteresting things.' She reached through his zipper and pulled out his semi erect shaft. She let it flop outside of his trousers, lightly tracing it up and down with her manicured nails. 

Luke let out a low groan and, even with gentlest of touches, it didn't take long for his cock to harden to its zenith. She beamed in delight as the first drop of pre-cum formed at the tip like morning dew, and his breathing became shallow as she dabbed it with her index finger then touched it to the tip of her tongue. He groaned again, louder this time, then quickly craned his head to see if either of the other two in the office had heard. They hadn't. He turned back as she clasped his shaft in her hand, standing it tall. Still looking at him with those disarming brown eyes, she began to move her hand slowly up and down his length. He became fixated on her lips, and she realised that every time she licked or bit them, his body tensed and his cock swelled.

Luke was lost in the feeling of her warm hand. He could tell she'd done it before, as the flexibility in her wrist was something he hadn't experienced with any other woman. He pushed his head back against his chair, almost ready to cum. She sensed it and increased her speed. Luke felt himself approaching the point of no return. He reached out his hand to stop her, not wanting to explode all over the office, but as he did, she bit her bottom lip and smiled at him seductively. That was it; he felt a stream of cum shooting up his urethra.

She swiftly pulled his foreskin over his tip, pinching it at the end. Luke's cock pulsated as multiple shots of semen crashed against the wall of skin, to the point where he thought it might burst. When the last dregs had been expelled, he looked down at her hand to see that some of his load had leaked out onto it. After she handed his softening cock back to him, she thrust two cum-coated fingers deep into her mouth, and drew them out clean. 

At that point a phone rang in the office. Without saying another word, she buttoned up her blouse and went to take her client's call.

*

The following morning, Luke arrived at his desk to find a folded note on his keyboard. He sat down, unfolded it and read. 

You can cum wherever you want next time. X

Luke screwed up the note and buried it in his pocket. This girl is insane, he thought, anyone could have read it. Although he thought he had a right to be annoyed, he couldn't help feeling excited at the same time, and he flew through his morning work, motivated by the fact that the previous day might not be a one-off. 

He caught her in the kitchen later in the day. He approached and discreetly pulled the note from his pocket. 

'Anyone could have seen this,' he whispered, making sure others in the kitchen wouldn't hear. 

She smiled. 'Did they?'

'No, but... I don't even know your name.'

She feigned surprise. 'You should really learn a girl's name before she makes you cum.'

Luke felt his cheeks flush. She wasn't making as much of an effort as he was to keep her voice down. Before he could respond, she said, 'It's Ella. See you around, Luke.'

After that, they didn't speak for over a week. 

*

The following Friday, Luke was nearing the end of his afternoon meeting. 5.30 came and went and, after he had bid his client farewell, he stayed on to finish writing up the minutes. Moments later, he heard the door open and a voice say, 'Have you learned my name yet?'

Luke's stomach flipped at the dulcet tone. The lack of interaction with Ella during the last week had been driving him insane. He yearned for more of what her note had promised, and had masturbated with it in his opposite hand every night since receiving it - Ella front and centre in the theatre of his mind.

'How could I not have?' he said.

She entered the room and closed the door behind her. On Fridays, employees were allowed to dress more casually than usual. Luke had retained smart dress due to his client meeting, but Ella had made use of the relaxation of the rules beautifully. She had straightened her hair for the first time he had seen, and it flowed down to her shoulders neatly behind a headband. She wore a tight, low cut grey jumper that hugged her full breasts like a second skin, and it was tucked into a pair of unimaginably tight black jeans. She placed her hands on the desk and leaned forward, gazing at Luke, accelerating his pulse. Despite her luscious petite body, her eyes were her best feature, and that day she had opted for a smoky look. 

'Are you done writing those notes? I have some time before I have to meet a friend later.'

Luke took his time to answer. He could see a blurry reflection of her arse in the frosted glass of the door. How he longed to see it clearly. 

'I get the feeling I am now,' he said.

Ella sashayed over to him and stepped between him and the desk, facing him. She took the pen out of his hand, threw it across the table, then grabbed both his hands and placed them firmly on her arse. Luke closed his eyes and took a deep breath. 

'That's what you've wanted to do all week, isn't it? I know you've been ogling it every chance you get. Guys think we don't realise.' She let out a playful laugh. 'How is it?'

Luke explored the tight jeans with his hands. It was as firm and shapely as he had guessed. Squeezing her cheeks hard, he pulled her towards him, inching her breasts closer to his face. 

Ella giggled. 'That answers that question.' She straddled him in the chair and, with his hands still planted on her arse, flicked her hair over one shoulder and planted her dark lips on Luke's own. He immediately acquiesced to her tongue, and in moments it was exploring the recesses of his mouth. He tasted the flavour of cherry on her lips and, as his cock hardened under her, he pulled her closer and rolled his tongue over her own. She let out a high yelp as a rush of adrenaline prompted him to bite her lower lip, hard enough to shock, but not to hurt.

She pulled away and put her hand to her lip. At first, Luke thought he'd blown his chance, but then her face lit up with a devious smile. 'My, my, it looks like a week was far too long.' She leaned in so Luke could feel her breath in his ear. 'Have you been frustrated?' she whispered. She took his earlobe in his mouth and licked it gently. Luke groaned as the wetness of her mouth echoed in his head. He wouldn't have cared if that sensation alone had lasted forever, but she pulled away again and licked her lips for him like she knew he loved.

Luke traced his hands up her hips and back, imprinting every crevice of her shape to his mind. At the same time she unbuttoned his shirt and ran her fingers down his torso. He leant back to take her all in, and saw that her nipples were hard through her jumper. He leaned in and nibbled them softly, one after the other, eliciting a duo of throaty moans. In one fluid motion she pushed him back and removed her jumper, throwing it across the room. She wore only a bra underneath, and with her disturbed hair in her face, she buried Luke's face between her inviting d-cups. Luke popped her right tit out of her bra and took her nipple in his mouth, circling and flicking its peak with his tongue. Ella groaned inexorably as she grabbed her left tit and kneaded it with her hand. 

'Bite me,' she moaned.

Luke obliged, biting down on her nipple. Ella threw her head back and thrust her hips into him. He reached his hand up her back and unclasped her bra, then kissed and sucked each of her breasts in turn. She arched her back and began grinding slowly on Luke's crotch. 

'Ahhh, there it is,' she smiled, feeling his engorged cock through her jeans. Luke suddenly found his trousers oppressive as he felt dabs of pre-cum dampen his boxers.

'I don't think you want to be trapped anymore,' Ella said, still grinding. Luke grimaced as he felt the friction of his trousers rubbing against his exposed glans. She got off his lap and knelt in front of his chair. Her dishevelled hair and smoky eyes gave her the look of demon about to devour him, and in that moment, Luke would have let her. She rubbed her pussy through her jeans with one hand while unbuckling Luke's belt with the other. Her breathing grew shallow as she moved her fingers in rapid circles, feeling the moisture of her cunt even through her jeans. She suddenly stopped, closing her eyes as her whole body quivered. After the sensation had passed, she turned her attention back to Luke. The sight of Ella getting herself off had only turned him on more, and as she pulled his trousers and boxers down over his cock, it sprang back and slathered his stomach with pre-cum. Ella eagerly licked it up, taking her time to feel the channels of his abs. With his pre-cum swallowed, she knelt back in front of his cock, and was impressed with what would soon be hers. It wasn't huge - she'd known the discomfort of huge - but a satiating above average. She lightly kissed his head between grinning up at him. He returned her look, willing her to do more with his eyes. With each kiss, his cock twitched with anticipation. 

'Slide forward,' she said.

Luke obeyed, and she lifted his shaft and took his balls in her mouth. It was a first for Luke; he dug his nails into the seat of his chair as the wet warmth of her tongue massaged his testicles. She gently stroked him at the same time, and Luke felt his cock twitching, beginning to lose control. Ella sensed his balls about to deliver their load and clasped the base of his shaft hard, quashing his orgasm. 

'Not yet,' she said, licking him from balls to tip. 

Luke groaned as she engulfed his entire length, thinking of anything to try to delay his explosion. He clenched his fists as he watched Ella's lips slide down his meat all the way to the base. He knew it was an act of someone experienced, and wondered how many erections had disappeared behind those sensual lips. It took all his effort not to shoot his load down her throat at the thought. His reverie was interrupted by Ella gargling, and she released him in a flurry of saliva. She looked up in delight with strings of spit connecting her mouth and his cock. Her breathing was rapid as she eyed her plaything again; she spat on his head before attacking his cock with her mouth and hand. Luke felt like he was caught in a storm; her tongue lathered his cock with saliva, snaking over and under it like violent waves. She slurped up and down his first few inches while pumping his base. Luke surrendered himself to her, letting out a series of grunts that would have alerted anyone walking past the room to what was going on. 

Luke felt the pressure in his balls building and, as Ella removed her hand and devoured his entire length again, his entire body stiffened as he erupted with the force of a week's-worth of fantasising behind it. Jets of hot cum rebounded off the back of Ella's throat, adding to the tempest consuming his cock. She moaned appreciatively as the thick liquid sloshed around her mouth. As Luke's cock softened inside her, she slowed her motion then released him, sucking the last dregs of cum from his end as she did so. 

Luke slumped in his chair in a state of bliss. Ella straddled him again, and this time he felt the moisture of her jeans on his bare skin. Their faces were level, and she opened her mouth to reveal a reservoir of cum, bubbly and thick. The contrast of the white against her dark smoky eyes stirred Luke's drained cock, and soon he was achingly horny for her again. She felt it too and, judging by her raised eyebrow, was surprised. She reached behind her and began stroking his semi, then treated him to one of the sexiest sights he had ever seen. She flicked some of his cum onto the tip of her tongue and coated her lips with it, before sucking it back in and swallowing the lot. 

'Ellaaaaaa,' Luke groaned, viscerally grabbing her arse as his cock continued to harden.

'Yes?' she pouted sweetly.

He reached for the button of her jeans. 

She slapped his hand gently, feigning reproach. 'What if my friend's wondering where I am?'

'Your friend can wait; I'm fucking you tonight.'

Ella put a hand to her chest as though deeply offended. 'Luke! Is that any way to speak to a lady?' Her playfulness turned him on; he flashed an ear-to-ear grin. 'You'd better get on with it then,' she said, getting off him and spinning round. She leant against the table, giving Luke a close-up of her juicy perfection. She shifted her weight from leg to leg, wiggling her arse.

Luke loved little more in life than a pair of tight jeans on a curvaceous woman, and hers could have been painted on. They rode the curves of her hips, legs and arse, and Luke found himself hypnotised by the sway of her back pockets as she moved - he almost thought it would be a shame to take them off. He stood up and placed his hands on her hips, pressing his now completely stiff cock against her. He rubbed it up and down her denim. She pushed back into him to better feel his erection, and he would have happily cum on her jeans if he'd kept going. But he wanted what lay beneath. He wanted Ella's petite, wet pussy.

He pulled back from her and kicked her legs apart. She lowered her head to the table, presenting herself to him, her flexible legs remaining perfectly straight. Luke slapped his hand to her arse, exploring it from a new angle. He reached between her legs to her crotch, and his pulse quickened when he felt wet denim. 

Ella released a throaty moan. 'Take them off,' she pleaded.

Luke obliged, popping her button and sliding her jeans over her perfectly domed cheeks. As her whole arse was revealed in its perfectly proportioned perfection, the aroma of her horny cunt reached his nostrils. He inhaled deeply, wishing he could bottle the scent to keep forever. Once the jeans were around Ella's ankles, Luke stepped back to admire his work. She rewarded him with a jiggle; the ripple of her peachy flesh bobbing up and down was mesmeric. Luke knelt to put his face level with her arse. He put a finger under the lace of her thong, pulled, and then snapped it back to playfully tan her skin. She giggled and spread her legs wider, revealing puffy, glistening pussy lips that engulfed her thong, dark with moisture. Luke pulled it down, taking great pleasure how wet she was.

He traced a finger along her slick, hairless slit, eliciting the loudest groan yet. He applied more pressure, stroking his cock with his other hand to the squelch of her sopping mound. 

'Up, up,' she moaned.

Luke complied, finding her clit. He massaged her in delicate circles, coating his finger with her slime. Her body responded by quivering as she pushed her head against the table while gripping the edge of it hard. Her arse was raised even higher and, with his spare hand, Luke slipped a finger into her cunt.

'I'm almost there,' she gasped in pleasure, 'but I don't want your fingers.'

Luke didn't need to clarify the hint; he retracted his fingers, cock primed. Ella spun round, grabbed his hand, and guided his fingers to her mouth where she licked up her juices. 'I want your cock,' she said.

Luke felt an eager pearl of pre-cum drip from his head as she said the words. He spun her around and pushed her against the table, then slid his engorged cock into her yearning cunt. Luke experienced a moment of unreality as Ella's slick pussy walls yielded to his invading head, the bliss of a week's worth of fantasies his mind had conjured pulsating through his body.
