 I had been driving since two in the morning and just wanted to get some sleep. I stopped in Crossville, Tennessee to find a hotel room. No reservations, and there was a naturists' convention in town, so every hotel was booked to capacity. If the President of the United States had come to visit, he would not have been able to get a room. So, what chance did I have?

The concierge at this -- the very last -- hotel started to make excuses as I leaned into him and placed my hard nipples against his shirt. "I'm very, very sorry, Madam. I simply have no available accommodations for you." He looked down and into my low-cut sweater, barely looking into my eyes. My titties are so big and the yarn was tightly stretched, pulling at the strings which connected the left and right sides. But still, he could see and breathe into these titties that yearned for a man's lips. I pushed my nipples against him again, and I placed my hand on his swelling cock.

"Uh, ahem." Sweat beads gathered on his brow. "Please, Madam. Allow me to steer you toward our hotel lounge. You will be more comfortable there. I know you are very tired. I will place your baggage in my office and guard it with my life while I try to find you a room in town.

He walked me into the dimly lit lounge and seated me at a table. He motioned to the bartender. "Roger, please get Miss..." and I saw him glance down at the name sewn onto the front of my sweater, "...uh, Miss Girlie Girl a glass of your finest wine. On my tab."

I sat in the cool darkness of the room, and propped my feet up on the opposite half of the booth. Even though the hotel was booked, no one else had yet arrived, and I was the only customer in the lounge. Roger walked to my table with the glass of wine. As he approached, he met my eyes first, and nodded, then dropped his eyes to my titties and smiled. I watched him as he looked at my very short skirt, long legs, and then my resting feet.

"Madam, if I may be so bold," he said, placing my wine on the table. He lifted my feet and sat across from me. I thought he was upset that my feet were on the booth bench, but he dropped my feet into his lap, removed my shoes, and proceeded to rub my toes. Oh, he had great hands! My nipples got hard and poked even further through my tight sweater. Even in the dim light, with a candle burning at my table, he did not miss the nipples. He spoke to me, only occasionally looking into my eyes, but staring at my luscious titties.

"Soon we will be very busy, Miss Girlie Girl, and I will have difficulty giving you personal and private attention. So I beg of you to allow me this time with you, to enjoy your essence -- and, if you do not mind, to spoil you a little."

"No! I do not mind at all," I said. And, since my back was to the door and only Roger could see my front, I tugged at the strings on the front of my sweater, letting it fall open to reveal my huge titties perched in a lovely open-nipple bra, much to his delight. I twirled my fingers around my nipples to keep them erect for his full view.

"Would you mind?" and he pointed to my left side, in the center of the booth.

"Oh, of course. Please!" And just that quickly, Roger scooted around the table and sat next to me, playing with my titties. His hands were like velvet; his touch was light as a feather. And his lips!! Oh, my God! His lips sucked and kissed like the best of them. I felt the wetness ooze from my cunt and hoped he had time to fuck me before the other hotel guests arrived.

And while I was hoping, his fingers slid into my panties, and Roger began teasing my clit. I spread my legs for him, for greater access, and he finger-fucked my cunt -- drawing his fingers out every now and then, to hungrily suck the juices from my cunt. "Oh, Girlie Girl! You are magnificent! Your pussy is ambrosia! Please touch my cock. Please tell me you want me to fuck you! Please..."

"Roger!"

We were both so caught up in this mini orgy that we did not hear the concierge come into the lounge. He looked at my titties: open, inviting, begging to be sucked. "Please don't stop him! Not now!" I begged. He walked away from our table...and the doors to the lounge closed. I heard a "click". The concierge had locked us in! I started to relax, thinking we had been left alone, when there he was again, at the table.

"I want to play with your beautiful titties, too, Girlie Girl! May I suck from this side?" 

"Oh, yes! Yes! Please!"

"I am Eduardo," the concierge said to me. "I am Eduardo, your slave, Girlie Girl. You have the most incredibly beautiful titties I have ever seen!" He held my right tittie in his long fingers, raised it up to his lips and began to softly kiss and suck. "Oh, to have you in my bed would be Heaven's delight!"

"Girlie Girlie wants to fuck me, not you," Roger said between sucks. "I want Girlie Girl for myself."

"Tsk tsk tsk! Now, don't be greedy, Roger," I said. I have a very happy cunt that loves to fuck. The door is shut and locked, so I am more than happy to have both of you service me...in any way you like!"

"Oh, thank you, Girlie Girl!" Eduardo said, panting. "I would love to play in your panties. I saw the black lace under your short skirt when you were standing in the lobby near the front desk. I could smell your sweet cunt needing attention when as I approached you. I have a nose for great cunt, I really do. May I finger your clit, Girlie Girl? May I get you very, very wet and suck your clit? Oh! And tongue-fuck you, too! I want to tongue-fuck that sweetness that makes my balls ache."

Roger didn't bat an eye and gave no warning. He yelled, "Fuck this!" and hit Eduardo in the chin with a left jab, just missing my nose. Eduardo fell backward onto the floor. He was out cold.

"Why did you hit him? He was willing to share...and I am certainly willing to share." I gathered up the front of my sweater and started to leave the booth. Roger grabbed me. 

"Eduardo has a glass jaw," Roger told me. "I found out about two years ago. He'll be out cold for about fifteen minutes, and he'll be just fine. Eduardo sent you in here for me to take care of, Girlie Girl -- and that's just what I plan to do. I saw your black panties, too. I'd almost bet they're crotchless -- right?"

I nodded.

"I've been watching you since you entered the hotel. I've had a hard on, off and on, since you strutted your titties across the lobby passed my open doorway. And I want to be the first to taste your juices. I don't have a problem being generous with Eduardo; I just want you first to myself. Can you understand that?"

I nodded again, and released the front of my sweater. Roger kissed my earlobe while he trailed his fingers across my nipples. He kissed down my neck to my titties and began to suck again. Oh! I wanted his hands on my ass! I wanted his lips on my clit! I wanted to fuck till tomorrow! But Roger's plan was a little different. He scooted me out of the booth, following behind me, and sat me back down. He tipped my shoulders backwards until I was lying down in the booth, quickly moved Eduardo out of the way, and he spread my legs over his shoulders while getting down on his knees. Slowly, so very slowly, he peeled open the black lace crotchless panties and ran his tongue around the insides of my lips. I ran my fingers through the hair of his head, and held on. He softly kissed all over the inside and outside of my lips, darting his tongue every so often into the depths of my wet and swollen cunt.

"Yes! Yes! Please tongue-fuck me! Please more! More! I pushed my feet against his shoulders for traction, as I bucked and fucked his face. 

"Give it to me, Girlie Girl! Give me all your cum! Let me swallow all of your juices!"

I could not stop myself, did not want to stop myself, and somewhere in the back of my mind, somewhere I could not recall ever having ventured, I heard myself howl. It sounded like a wolf baying at the moon. It did not seem to come from me, but somewhere outside of me -- far, far away. Before I finished cumming, Roger pulled his mouth away, turned me over and put me up on my knees, to fuck me from behind.

"Girlie Girl style! I remember from your books! You love fucking this way best of all." Roger held onto my ass with both hands, and I kept cumming and cumming, still howling. 

"You know who I am? Really?" I asked as the convulsions began to subside. 

"Doesn't everyone?" he asked, and shot his load deep into me. "You've been on the cover of Penthouse. Your photo shoots have been spread out in Hustler. Your face and titties have been the buzz at this bar for months. How could I NOT know you?"

"I write erotica, not letters to the lovelorn like Dear Abby. I didn't know that many people read my stories."

Eduardo stirred, mumbled, and sat up, rubbing his chin.

"That was a real dirty trick, Roger," Eduardo said.

"Yeah, I know," Roger responded, pulling his cock free from my cunt. "I can be a real terd. Let me give you a hand up.

"Girlie Girl, do you mind if we lay you on the table? Id like to share your clit with Eduardo now. Can you take another round?"

I looked at Eduardo. "How are you feeling?" I asked.

"I'm okay," he answered. "Nothing wrong with me that your wonderful cunt juices won't fix!"

They both reached for me, picked me up and spread me on the table. The table was a little hard, I admit, but the edges of the table were cushioned with padding, and I was able to rest my head. Eduardo bent my knees and both men peeled my panties open.

"Let's do this together, Roger," Eduardo said. "I'll take the clit and you suck her titties, okay?"

"How about this, Eduardo? You lick one side while I lick the other, and we'll take turns sucking her clit and tongue fucking her."

Eduardo looked at Roger and his eyes suddenly changed. He stared hard at me. "You'll have to forgive me, Girlie Girl. I have a fever for you! He unzipped his pants, pulled out his cock, and slid it into my cunt. "Let me have this first, Roger. I must fuck her now! He rocked my thighs, he rocked the table, and he was at a fever pitch, fucking me with fervor.

Eduardo came very hard, pulling my thighs up to his chest and kissing my knees. "Oh, thank you, Girlie Girl! Thank you! 

"I found a room for you, Girlie Girl," Eduardo said, looking at Roger and raising an eyebrow. Roger nodded his consent. "Roger and I are roommates, and we each have a king-sized bed. Would you like to stay with us tonight and finish playing?"

"Only if you have a Jacuzzi for me to soak in while you're both here at work!"

Roger reached into his pocket and pulled out his house keys, while Eduardo wrote the directions to their place on a bar napkin.

They both kissed my cheeks.

We heard the pounding on the other side of the lounge doors.

The hotel guests had arrived.