 This is the third edition of an ongoing story between a 36 year old man and a 19 year old female roommate. I have written an alternate ending to this story and will include it after the original ending. Let me know which ending you prefer.  I hope you enjoy.



I arrived home from work late and walked inside. I could smell the aroma of spaghetti as I walked in the door. Chelsey stepped out of the kitchen and looked at me smiling. 

"I cooked supper for you. I hope you are hungry." she stated.

"I am starving. Thank you so much. To what do I owe you this honor?"

"The other night was rather embarrassing to me. I wanted to make it up to you somehow. I hope cooking you this meal is a start." she replied as she started to blush.

I smiled and approached her, giving her a long hug. I could feel her soft breasts pressing against my chest. Her warm breath on my neck sent chills down my spine. Letting go, I answered, "There is no need to repay me. I promise it is okay. Believe it or not, I quite enjoyed the situation if I must be honest. You are such a beautiful, young woman. What old man like me would not enjoy a kiss in the middle of the night?"

Her face turned bright red and she hid her face in her shoulder. "I am not beautiful and you are not an old man, but thanks for being kind."

"You are absolutely gorgeous. You are one of the most beautiful women I know. You have a cute figure and a beautiful face with mesmerizing eyes. Trust me I am not just being kind or exaggerating. Your smile melts my heart. Your boyfriend is a lucky man."

She grinned and then turned and returned to the kitchen. There were a few moments of silence before she said, "My boyfriend never tells me all those things you said. I have never had anyone tell me such kind words."

"Your boyfriend is crazy not to tell you what I told you. I am sure he feels that way though."

"All he seems to want is to have sex with me and play video games. I wish he would say those things to me and pay more attention to me without constantly wanting me for sex." 

She spoke as she stirred the spaghetti sauce. I wanted to tell her to find a man that treated her better, but I didn't feel it was my place to state such a thing. I knew I was too old for her, no matter how much I wanted to have her. She deserved a good man, one closer to her age.

We sat down and ate supper and chatted about the day. She told me that she was having another wonderful night when she woke from her dream in her bed. She wondered allowed why she only had these wonderful dreams when she was sleeping in my bed. I wanted to let the cat out of the bag. I felt it was better to refrain for now. It would come out in time.

We finished eating and rinsed the dishes. Afterwards she asked if I wanted to watch some television with her. She laughed as she promised not to fall asleep on me this time. We sat on the couch and watched television for a few hours before going to our own beds for sleep.

The week passed with no exciting moments as we were both occupied with work and her with her boyfriend. I felt like the luckiest man getting to have such a beautiful girl prance around my house in boxers and t-shirts each evening before heading to bed. The sight of her beautiful smile always made my day.

Monday rolled around and I was coming home from work late at night again. I entered the house and heard Chelsey talking to her boyfriend in her bedroom. I grabbed a bite to eat and took a long, relaxing shower. 

It was a cool night out so i put on pajama pants and a white t-shirt. I sat down on the couch and popped in a comedy movie. As it was beginning Chelsey and her boyfriend entered the family room. Chelsey kissed her boyfriend and told him she would talk to him tomorrow. 

Chelsey was wearing a skimpy pink tank top and her light blue boxer shorts. I could not help but stare. She did not usually reveal so much skin. Chelsey plopped herself down next to me and asked what I was watching.

"I am watching 'Sin City'."

"Oh I love that movie. I used to watch that with my mom when I was little. Do you mind if I watch it with you?"

"Sure. Be my guest. Oh. I wanted to talk to you about something also."

She looked at me with a serious look. I smiled at her and she smiled back. She cuddled up close to me and I put my arm around her shoulder. She rested her head on my right shoulder. I was feeling horny and was ready for our weekly night together.

"It is kinda cool outside tonight and I was wondering if you would sleep in my bed with me tonight. I would like to have someone to cuddle with tonight. Someone to keep me warm."

She giggled before replying, "Are you sure you want me to? I may act out my dreams again."

I laughed and replied, "That would keep me warm."

She slapped my chest then cuddled up close to me. She wrapped her right arm around my stomach and held onto me tightly. "I will keep you warm tonight."

She stayed cuddled up to me as we watched the movie. I could feel her chest against my ribs. Each breath pushed her "B" size breasts against me. I wondered if she knew this was turning me on. I wanted to place a pillow on my lap to hide my excitement, but there was no pillow within reach.

As the movie progressed, her right arm slid down my stomach and rested on my left leg. Her forearm rested against the bulge in my pants. I knew she had to know what effect she was having on me. She had to feel my bulge pressing against her hand. She didn't move her arm or say anything about my arousal though. I was happy we were watching a comedy because we were laughing and having a great time. 

My bulge eventually lowered as my concentration focused on the movie. I could tell she was getting tired when she began slouching on top of me. Her head had slid down on top of my chest. Her right hand slid down and was now resting on top of my lap. The back of her neck was a few inches from my face. I resisted the the temptation to kiss it a few minutes before finally giving in. 

My head leaned forward until my lips pressed against the back of her neck. I used my right hand to brush her hair away from her neck. I leaned forward another inch and kissed her soft skin. I was greeted with a deep breath of air from her lungs. I started sucking on the back of her neck until her head bobbed backward. I pulled my head back as she looked at me with groggy eyes.

"What were you just doing?" she asked inquisitively.

"I was making sure you were awake" I replied.

"I wasn't sleeping." She said with a grin on her face.

"Uh huh" was all I replied.

"Are you ready for bed?" I asked after a few seconds.

"Yes. I will keep you warm." she said softly.

I leaned forward grabbing the remote and turned off the television. She stood up and walked toward her bedroom. She returned a few moments later with pajama pants on her legs. 

"I am cold" she stated as if I had asked a question. I simply smiled as I escorted her to my bed. If plans went accordingly, we would both stay warm tonight. She climbed in bed. 

I turned off the lights and stripped down to my boxers and a t-shirt then climbed under the covers with her. She turned to face me as I rolled over toward her. She looked me in the eyes as our faces were inches apart. She put her arm on my lower back and nudged my body close to her.

"I want to make sure you stay warm tonight" she said as she giggled. I couldn't help but laugh in response. I placed my left arm around her lower back and held her close to me. Our faces were close enough that I could feel her breath against my face. I wanted to lean in and kiss her so much, but I resisted for now. Her warm body felt nice close to me.

I lay with my eyes closed for about ten minutes and was almost asleep myself until she adjusted her body and placed her right leg on my hip. I opened my eyes and looked at the sleeping beauty for a few moments before I leaned in and kissed her lips. My kiss was soft enough I could barely feel her lips. 

I left my lips pressed against her lips ever so lightly. I tried to slide my left hand under the back of her pajama pants only to realize she had tied them. I cursed her in my head. I adjusted my right hand until my fingers found the thick drawstring to her pants. I slowly pulled on one end of the string slowly, inch by inch, until the knot came undone.

My left hand now slid under the loosened pants. To my surprise, she had a pair of panties on underneath the pajama pants. My hand slid down over her baby smooth skin of her butt. I palmed her right cheek with my hand and gave it a squeeze. 

My juices were beginning to stir with anticipation. I held her close to me with my hand on her cheek a few seconds before sliding my hand up to her hip bone. I traced her hip bone before moving my hand around the front of her hips and sliding down until I found her patch of pubic hair on her mound. I swirled the strip of hair with my finger a few seconds then moved my hand to her outer labia. 

Her right leg bent upwards on my hip and positioned so I only had access to the top of her vagina. I softly traced the top of her labia and listened as she inhaled deeply and slowly exhaled. I felt her hot breath on my nose. I kissed her lips with a little peck then held my soft lips pressed firmly against her mouth. The warmth of her lips felt wonderful. 

I could feel my dick begin to grow. I traced her labia again before she rolled her body away from me and faced the wall. I could not believe how difficult it was this time. My hand had slipped out of her pajamas in the process of her rolling over. 

I slid my left hand inside her shirt and held her left breast that was lying against the bed in my hand. Slowly, I began to knead her breast in my hand. I heard a soft moan escape her lips. Her breast felt so soft in my hand. 

I could feel her nipple beginning to grow hard against my palm. I slid my hand up to her other breast a for a few minutes. Her breathing was beginning to increase. I placed my lips against the back of her neck and began kissing it once again.

I wanted to rip her clothes off and feel her naked body against mine. I wanted to feel her hands on my body; to feel her reacting back to my touch. Patience was the key. I had been patient for three weeks, I could wait a few minutes more. 

My hand slid down her chest and stomach and moved under her panties. Her legs were pressed together, restricting any access to her honey spot. I put my hand on the bottom of her hips and placed my chin on the top of her left shoulder. I used both to gently nudge her body onto her back. Her body rolled toward me. 

My hand slid between her legs. I cupped her vagina, causing her to spread her legs. Now I had better access to please her. I ran two fingers up her outer labia, one on each side. They slid back down her labia before meeting in the middle and separating her pussy. I slid my middle finger inside her walls and found her to be pleasantly moist. 

I dipped my first knuckle inside her and wiggled it around, gathering some of her juices. My finger slid up her slit, spreading the juices along her inner walls. I slid her clitoris between my pointer and middle finger and stroked it a few times. 

Chelsey released a soft moan and then subsequently took a deep breath. She took a few short breaths and then I slid my finger back down her slit and slid my whole finger slowly inside her pussy and held it there. 

I leaned forward and began sucking on the side of her neck. I was intent on finding out how long much it took to wake her up. My finger began to slide in and out of her pussy inch by inch for a few minutes. She released a few more moans as I teased her body. 

I slid my hand up her slit once more and teased her clit with my finger by rolling the tip of my finger in circles around the outside of her hood. She cooed gently and then groaned when I slid my finger past her pussy, up past her mound and slid inside her shirt. I used my left hand to push her shirt up over her breasts.

I circled her right nipple with my wet finger before cupping her breast and kneading it. My mouth moved down to her other breast. I licked her hard nipple and then blew warm air over it. I heard her moan for me once more. Her breathing was starting to become short and heavier. My lips wrapped around her nipple and began to suck on it.

I readjusted my body then slid my right hand on her left hip. I was ready to go where I had not gone with her before. I moved my left hand to her other hip and slowly began to slide her pajama pants and panties down her waist. I was careful to move slowly with minimal movement so as not to wake her yet. 

I slid my body down under the covers and pushed her clothing down her legs, removing them from her right foot and letting them lie on her left ankle. I gently lifted her left leg and slid my body underneath it.

I maneuvered my hands under her thighs and wrapped them around her hips, placing them on the inside of her inner thighs. My lips began to gently kiss her labia which began to spread, giving me access to her inner labia. I slid my tongue between the lower part of her labia and slowly ran it up her slit. Her hips raised as she let out a soft moan. 

I flicked the tip of my tongue over the hood of her now swollen clitoris then slid my tongue back down deep inside her lips and ran it down to her wet opening.

The smell of her womanhood intoxicated my nose. I lapped up a little of her sweet nectar. She tasted delicious. My tongue slid back up and down her slit. Her hips raised as my tongue traveled up her slit and lowered as my tongue ran down her lips. Her moans were increasing and growing in length. 

My tongue swirled around her clit and I held her hips tightly as they bucked. 

"Oh yes. MMMMMMMMM" she cooed.

I knew at this point she was either deep into a dream or beginning to wake up. I spread her legs a bit wider and sucked her clit into my mouth. I spent a few seconds holding her hood in my mouth while I twirled my tongue around the inside of her rock hard clitoris. Her hips rolled towards my face a few times. Her hips were floating off the bed then suddenly I pulled my head back and stopped.

"Oh no. Don't stop." She whispered.

I hoped she thought she was still dreaming. What a wonderful living dream this would be for her. I released her inner thighs and slid my hands under her butt cheeks. I palmed each cheek with my hand and then delved my tongue inside her pussy. I began to flick my tongue in and out of her spread hole. Her hips pressed against my face. 

After a few seconds of pausing and then darting my tongue in and out, I slid my left hand down to her inner thigh and raised her right leg to a kneeling position. I was ready to wake her from her wonderful dream and let her enjoy real life pleasure. My tongue slid back up her slit and began swirling around her clit once more. I slid my pointer and middle finger a few inches inside her pussy. Her hips bucked against my hand.

"Ohhhhhhh" she moaned.

I began sliding my fingers slowly in and out of her pussy as my tongue teased her clitoris. I heard motion and looked up to see her hands move to her chest. She began massaging her breasts and pinching her nipples as I pleasured her pussy. Her eyes were still closed. I place my right hand back on her left hip as she lifted her left leg and spread them wide open. 

"Ohhhhhhhh yes." she whined.

My tongue and fingers began to pick up pace. Her hips began to rock against my face with more enthusiasm. I looked up again to see her eyes open and look down at me for a brief second before closing again. I knew she was now awake.

Her hand slid down and rested on the back of my head. She pressed down signalling she wanted more pressure. I sucked her clit inside my mouth and swirled my tongue around the inside of her clit.

She squealed a high pitch note. Her body shuddered. I felt her inner walls milking my fingers as if to hold tight and resist their exit each time I pulled them away from her inner pussy. I was hard as a rock and noticed my hips were grinding against the bed. 

I pulled my fingers from her pussy and placed my hands around her hips, back on the inside of her groin. I pulled her skin gently back, pushing her clit out more. I flicked her clit a few times, paused a second, then flicked her clit again a few more times. 

Her hips would jump each time I flicked her clit. I enjoyed teasing her and keeping her close to the edge. I continued this pace for a few minutes until she begged me to stop teasing.

"I don't know what you are doing, but please don't stop anymore." she begged.

I slid my tongue down her slit and began lapping up her flowing juices. Her pourage flowed onto my tongue. I buried my tongue deep inside her and began fucking her hole. I slid my right hand down a bit and started rolling the tip of my pointer finger over her clit.

"Oh my god!" she exclaimed. "Please don't stop. I am so close."

I could feel her legs lock as her body began to shudder. I stopped licking and massaging her clit for a split second and felt her body collapse onto the mattress. The moment I resumed, her hips flew off the bed. I quickly slid my tongue up to her clit while my left hand moved back to her pussy. 

I began pumping my two fingers deep inside her walls while my tongue danced over her clitoris. Chelsey released a series of long moans which turned into grunts as she drew closer to an orgasm. I wanted to tease her more, but I was not sure how much she could take. Her hips were bucking while both her hands pressed my face against her clit. 

"Oh yes. Oh yes. Ohhhhhhhhhhhh I am going to come." She exclaimed as her body locked inches above the mattress. 

I sucked in her clit as she was on the edge of her orgasm. My fingers were moving in and out quickly as her hips bucked against them. All the sudden her body froze and she sang the most joyous song my ears had ever heard. Her body fell to the bed and she lay motionless for a long time. 

She was gasping to catch her breath and cooing at the same time. I lay motionless, letting her regain her composure until she grabbed my shirt by the shoulders and pulled towards her.

"Come here" she whispered with a joyous tone.

I scooted up her body as she feverishly pulled my shirt over my head. I looked deep into her eyes and saw her smile form on her face. I could not help but smile back. She placed her hands on the back of my head and pulled my face toward her. She locked her lips with mine. 

We kissed passionately for a long time before she moved her hands to my hips and began pushing my boxers down. I raised my hips and assisted her in kicking them off my feet.

Her hands moved to my butt. She pushed my hips down against her body. I adjusted my hips and slid my dick deep inside her. I moaned inside her mouth. She warm walls were the best feeling my dick had ever experienced. Her walls were so tight. I lay still enjoying the warmth before I began sliding in and out of her awaiting pussy. We exchanged moans as our hips danced with each other. 

Chelsey wrapped her arms around me and held on as I pressed my hips down against her, savoring each moment of blissful ecstasy within this queen of the night. Sweat began to run down my face. Our bodies were sticking together. Our hips created a slapping noise as they met each other. Our moans filled the room.

My body was getting in rhythm with her when she clasp her hands together and rolled us over. She was now on top of my body. She leaned her body up to a sitting position and began grinding her pussy against my dick. I could not remember ever feeling such a tight pussy before her.

I watched Chelsey grind her hips against me. Her breasts bouncing up and down, glistening in sweat. I grunted as Chelsey slammed her hips down driving my throbbing dick deep into her slick pussy.
