 This story takes awhile to get to sexual action. It is the building of a longer story. I hope you enjoy. 

*

I went to work at my retail job today, as I would any normal day, but what I didn't know is today would change my life forever. It started off like any normal work day until mid way through my shift. I was helping an older couple when the door chimed. I looked up from behind the counter to see this beautiful teenage girl walk in. She smiled at me and I smiled back.

"I will be with you in just a few minutes." I said as she approached the counter.

She had a beautiful smile and soft plump lips. I quickly scanned her body before turning my attention back to my customers. She was wearing a pair of blue jeans that clung to her tiny hips and a red t-shirt that hung over her average size breasts. The shirt hugged her breasts and draped down over her flat stomach. Her blonde hair hung down over her shoulder and lay against her breasts.

I spent the next few minutes replaying my brief look at her body while I finished helping the older couple. I wanted to stall so that I had more time to look at this beautiful teen, yet I wanted to hurry so that I could focus my full attention on her. It was such a quandary I was dealing with. 

As the older couple headed out of my store, I turned to the girl and asked, "How can I help you today?"

She smiled at me once more and asked, "Can I get a copy of these? The manager next door sent me over."

I was used to the manager of the restaurant next door sending new employees over to our store to make copies of their driver's license and social security cards. The restaurant next door didn't have a copy machine so we helped them out. 

I was more than happy to copy her information for her. As I was placing them on the scanner, I glanced at her ID. Her name was Chelsey and her birth date revealed that she had just turned 19. I made the copies and handed her back her cards. She was still smiling. Her smile seemed to light up the room.

"Starting work next door huh?" I asked as I looked into her brown eyes.

"Yeah. I am so glad. I need the money to pay rent or I will lose my apartment. I hope they give me enough hours."

I nodded in agreement, "Yeah, it is tough to find a good job nowadays."

"For sure. My boyfriend has been looking for weeks and has not been able to find a job. I just hope I have enough money to put gas in my car so I can get to work."

Her facial expressions had turned more serious. I felt bad for her and remembered what it was like many years ago when I was a teen. I had just celebrated my thirty-sixth birthday. I wondered where all the years had gone. 

Women had come and gone in my life, but I always had a penchant for picking a woman in need. Someone I could help out, rather than finding a woman who could stand on her own two feet and contribute to the relationship.

"Let me know if I can help you out in any way. I can lend you a few dollars until you get paid if you run short. Just let me know." I stated as I handed her the copy of her Ids. "Here is my business card."

"Thank you for all your help." She stated as she turned and walked towards the exit. I watched her tight little ass wiggle with each step she took.

I didn't think I would honestly ever talk to Chelsey again, unless I went next door to grad a bite to eat. I normally packed my own lunch, but seeing her again was reason enough to venture next door for lunch. Now all I needed was to know when she was working. 

I went upon my day and the next several days doing my job and hoping to catch a glimpse of Chelsey. I knew I would never have a relationship with her. She was just too young. I did have a fantasy of spending a night in bed with her, however.

A few days later Chelsey stopped into the store. She was not smiling. 

I smiled and said, "Hello Chelsey. How are you?"

"I am okay" She replied. "I need to ask you a favor."

She looked shy or perhaps embarrassed to be visiting me. "What is on your mind darling?"

"The other day you said to let you know if I needed any help. Well...I have only worked one day and I don't get paid for another two weeks. My gas tank is almost empty and I don't know how I am going to get to work the next two weeks. I hardly know you, but I am in desperate need of help."

I could tell she was about to cry. I reached across the counter and placed my hand on her shoulder. "What do you need?"

She hesitated a moment before shyly saying, "Can I borrow some gas money?"

"I tell you what. When do you get done working tonight?"

We made plans to have dinner and talk about her situation. I learned she had just moved out of her mother's house after a big argument and was already late on rent. She was about to be evicted. 

I offered her some money for gas and suggested she move into the spare bedroom of my house at a cheaper price than her current apartment. She said she would accept the money and think about the living arrangements.

A few days later she told me she wanted to move in. I drove my truck to her apartment and helped her move her belongings into my spare room. It was nice to have such a beautiful girl in my home.

We didn't see a lot of each other between our work schedules and her spending time with her boyfriend. 

A couple of weeks after moving in, she came home and seemed to be in an unusually sad mood. I was sitting on the couch in the living room watching a movie. She sat on the couch next to me without speaking. 

I paused the movie and asked, "Is everything okay?"

She began crying. I moved over next to her and put her head on my shoulder as I wrapped my arms around her. I tried to calm her as she sobbed. I asked again what was wrong. After another minute she stopped crying.

"I don't know what to do. I got paid today and I have enough money to repay you for the money you lent me. I have enough to put gas in my car for the next two weeks, but I am not going to have enough to pay all the rent."

I held her close. Her breasts felt wonderful pressed against my chest. I took a few moments to think of an alternative plan.

"Let's finish watching this movie and then we will see what we can do about rent for the month."

Chelsey lifted her head and gave me a big hug. Her smile returned to her face. I loved to see her smile. She cuddled up next to me and I held her close as we watched the rest of the movie. I missed having a female in my arms. Her close to me was getting me excited. It was hard to think with this beauty in my arms.

The movie ended and I had devised a plan that beneficial to both of us. I pulled my arms away from her body and watched her scurry into her room. A few moments later she returned in more comfortable clothes. She was wearing a pair of tight, light blue boxer shorts with pink lace outline. She had thrown on a light blue t-shirt wit Curious George on the front. If I didn't know better, I would think she was trying to seduce me.

She sat down on the couch facing me. Her face was painted with feign innocence. She smiled as she looked me in the eyes. I decided it was time to share my idea with her.

"So here is what I have decided. I will let you live here rent free for one month. That will allow you to get a head a little bit and not be strapped for cash all month."

I could see her face light up. Just before she began to speak I cut her off with my words.

"In return for not collecting rent this month, you will sleep with me in my bed overnight once a week for four weeks."

Her smile turned to a serious look. "What will I tell my boyfriend?"

"You can tell him whatever you like or not tell him about this at all. That is your choice. Keep in mind, this is just an offer. You do not have to accept it. I was just trying to come up with a solution that benefits both of us."

She thought a few moments before asking, "What is the benefit for you?"

I wasn't expecting that question. I stumbled to find a suitable answer. Finally, I said, "I have not held another woman at night in quite awhile and I thought it would be nice to hold a beautiful girl like you once a week as I sleep."

I could tell she bought it when she replied "Oh!" with a relieved tone in her voice. "Let me think about it for a bit. Let's watch another movie."

It was getting late, I was not going to pass up a chance to cuddle with her however. She jumped up and rummaged through my movies before selecting one. Just my luck, she picked a sappy love story my daughter has bought a few years ago.

Chelsey cuddled close to me before throwing a pillow on my lap and resting her head on top the pillow. I could feel my blood instantly begin to flow to my nether area. I hoped she did not feel my bulge pressing against the pillow. She lie on her side facing toward the television. I looked down and could see her chest rise and fall. 

I was almost positive she had removed her bra. I scratched her back softly as an excuse to check for bra straps. My suspicion was confirmed as I moved my hands up her back to where the bra straps would be.

"That feels good!" Chelsey commented.

I continued to scratch her back softly, through her shirt, a few minutes before moving to her arm. I started at her wrist and moved slowly up to her shoulder, then the back of her neck. I could feel goose bumps form on her arm right away. As I reached her neck she shivered and softly said, "That sends chills down my spine."

I wanted to see her comfort level with me so I moved my right hand down and rested it on her flat stomach. I could feel her stomach move with each breath she took. She did not flinch or move my hand as it rested on her warm body.

"This is nice." she whispered, "My boyfriend never wants to watch movies with me or cuddle. He just to have sex after a few minutes into the movie."

I was glad she was opening up to me. I could understand how her boyfriend felt. She is irresistible. What he lacked though is self-control.

When the movie finished Chelsey sat up and cuddled next to me. Her eyes looked sleepy. I was anxious to hear her decision.

"Let's not tell my boyfriend about our arrangement. I don't think he would like it."

I knew without her saying directly what her decision was that she had made.

She continued, "When would you like me to sleep in your bed with you?"

I didn't want to seem too anxious, but it was towards the end of the week and I was feeling horny, so I replied after a few seconds "Let's start tonight."

She stood up and rushed to the restroom. I turned off the television and cleaned up for the night. I was trying to hide my excitement and my bulge as she reentered the room. I put my arm around her and escorted her to my bedroom.

"Which side do you prefer?" I asked.

"I will take the inside against the wall. I would feel safer that way."

She crawled on the bed as I stood back watching. I watched her ass wiggle as she crawled across my bed. There were no panty lines in site. I caught a brief glimpse of her mound as she moved her legs. My dick twitched.

I turned off the overhead light and crawled in bed behind her. She was turned away from me so I turned with my back to her also. I was not able to sleep as I envisioned holding her and feeling her warm, soft skin. After 10 minutes she sounded like she was fast asleep. 

I rolled over and put my arm under her left arm and placed my hand on her stomach. I pressed my stomach against her back, feeling the warmth of her body. Her left arm moved up beside her face, freeing my arm. I was careful not to place my hips against her butt in case she wasn't fully asleep.

I lay still a few moments before sliding my hand under her shirt. Her warm skin was tantalizing to the touch. I slowly moved my fingers up and down her stomach, brushing her skin. She surprised me when she let out a soft moan and pushed her hips back against mine. I froze instantly. 

I wasn't sure if she was awake or just unconsciously reacting to my touch in her sleep. Perhaps she thought I was her boyfriend while in her state of sleep.

After a minute of listening to her rhythmic sleeping, I resumed brushing her skin with my fingers. My hand moved daringly closer and closer to her breast with each stroke up her stomach. I heard her softly moan again. I at least knew she enjoyed my touch. 

My hips pressed firmly against her butt. I was careful not to gyrate my hips and grind against her, as much as I was tempted to. I took inventory of the situation and smiled at my luck having this beautiful creature next to me. The gods were smiling upon me.

The back of my hand brushed against the bottom of her breast with no rejection from her body. This gave me courage to go farther. I slowly lifted my hand and brushed the tips of my fingers over the bottom of her left breast and slid my palm up over her nipple. Her breast felt smooth as silk, so soft to the touch. Her nipple was hard and pointy. 

I placed her nipple between my pointer and ring fingers and softly rolled it between my fingers. Chelsey again moaned softly for me and pressed her butt against my rock hard dick. I decided I had enough fun for the night and didn't want to risk waking her, so I rested my arm under her left breast and placed my hand over her right breast. I held her close to me and calmed myself enough to fall asleep.

I woke up in the middle of the night by the movement of her body as she rolled over onto her back. It took me a few moments to get my bearings. I came to realize the body next to me wasn't in my dreams. Chelsey was really next to me. My left hand was resting on her right shoulder after she rolled over.

I looked at her face in the dim light of the night. Her beautiful lips and soft, pale cheeks mesmerized my eyes. I felt my groin flood with blood and begin to grow once again. I slid my hand down her arm to the navel of her stomach. My finger softly circled her indention before inching it's way down to her midriff. 

My fingers played with the lace in her boxers or should I say booty shorts. My fingers slid slightly underneath boxer shorts. I paused to gauge her reaction. She appeared to sleeping still so I continued my descent towards the promised land we men call heaven. I could feel the heat increase as my finger ran over the hair on her mound. 

I heard her exhale deeper than normal or so I thought. I glanced at her eyes to ensure they were closed. My fingers became my eyes as I felt around. She appeared to have a strip of hair on her mound. My fingers traveled lower and found her lips. I lightly traced her outer lips slowly with my index finger. Her hips raised ever so slightly to touch my fingers while she inhaled deeply. Her body was responding positively to my touch.

I spent a few minutes softly navigating the outskirts of her nether area before getting the nerve to go further. I moved my finger to the bottom of her pussy where her lips meet and slowly slid my finger up the middle of her lips. I could feel a tiny bit of wetness. Chelsey whispered something inaudible and half-grinned. I could only imagine what she was dreaming.

My finger kept climbing until it reached the cleft of her lips. I could feel a slight crest sticking out. I circled the crest ever so soft and felt her hips raise a tiny bit. She simultaneously let out a soft moan. I was hard again and enjoying myself. I knew I would be tired in the morning, but this was worth the trade off.

I wanted to try a couple more things before going back to sleep. First I began to softly tap on the tip of the clitoris. Her hips would gyrate gently with each tap. I could feel her clit beginning to grow. I teased her clit with a tap every few seconds for five minutes before deciding I had teased it enough. Her breathing was becoming heavier and deeper. 

I slid my hand out of her boxers and was met with a disgruntled moan. I could not help but smile. She was begging for more in her sleep. I wondered if her response would be the same if she was awake.

I was ready to try something else. I leaned towards and softly pressed my lips against her mouth. I gave her a gentle kiss then pulled away. Her eyes stayed closed. I leaned in again and kissed her softly once more. This time her lips puckered and kissed me back. I sucked on her bottom lip a second. It tasted like cherry. I licked her lip and gave her one final peck before pulling away. 

I placed my left hand back under her shirt and gently squeezed her right breast. It was soft and smooth. I cupped my hand over it, pressing against her hardened nipple and closed my eyes.

When I reopened my eyes it was light outside. I rolled over and noticed I was in bed alone. Fumbling noises were coming from the other side of the wall where Chelsey's bedroom was. Next thing I heard was Chelsey's inaudible voice. I climbed out of bed, moving closer to the wall to hear her better.

I heard her say "Come over as soon as you get off work. I am so horny! I had the best dream last night."

I released my pent up frustrations in the shower while thinking of Chelsey then dressed and headed off to work. When I returned home I could hear muffled moans and a squeaking bed. I smiled knowing where her horniness came from. This was going to be an exciting adventure.

To be continued... 