 It had been many months since John and Trudy had crossed the line into sexual openness with each other. They had lived up to the promise of not letting it affect their friendship and really never experienced the weirdness one would have expected. They continued to work together and would often exchange a knowing glance but did not act upon those urges.

Many nights were spent texting back and forth each others fantasies and innuendos full well knowing what the other was doing as they read those messages.

Their face to face conversations often ran into the depths of living and parenthood and relationships. One statement John had made even before they had experienced each other physically intrigued Trudy. John expressed the concept that "Love is the desire to meet ones needs, how much you love someone is defined by how much how much you are willing to give of yourself." "Perfect love means one is willing to give everything, even their life to meet those needs" Of course this was an ideal that neither of them had ever experienced. Still the concept kept creeping into Trudy's thoughts, haunting her, driving her.

One evening, John had just gotten home from work when someone knocked on his front door. He opened it and saw Trudy standing there as he had many times in the past. This time was different though. She had a fire in her eyes that made her seem even more beautiful than he even thought was possible. She came in and John poured the wine as he had so many times before. He offered to fix some dinner but neither were really hungry. They sat on the sofa and talked about their day, their kids, their spouses and continued to fill their glasses. At one point, John had just returned with two full glasses and as he sat, Trudy leaned over and kissed him. The kiss was deep and passionate and made John's blood boil.

The feel of her silky dress she wore to work that day only made him long to touch her. Her kissing smothered his face as she found his earlobe and gently sucked it in her mouth. She quietly whispered "Now" into his ear. This was the word he longed to hear for the months that had elapsed since their last encounter. He slowly started to run his hand up the silky fabric of her dress but she grabbed his wrist just as he was about to cup her breast and pinned it against the sofa.

All of the neurons in John's brain fired trying to make sense of this obvious sexual advance yet he was rejected by the woman he wanted so desperately. She had said the word but pushed him away.

She began kissing his chest as she unbuttoned his shirt. Was she teasing him? Was she going to finally let him return her caresses? She found his nipple and circled it with her tongue. It was standing at attention just as his member also grew. He felt her gently bite just enough to cause more sensitivity but not pain. She finished removing his shirt, pushing it from his shoulders as she kissed the scars of a long past surgery. Her kissing returned to his chest and beads of perspiration popped from the center as his blood pressure rose. The musky smell of this man only encouraged her as she explored his physique. 

Her tongue found the deep inset of his navel and she filled it with wetness of her mouth. She lingered there only for a bit as she felt the bulge seeking a way out of John's trousers. She gently ran her hands over the fabric and felt the heat passing through the weaves as she kissed the mound.

John not quite speechless told her "I want you". She looked longingly into his eyes and whispered "Shh."

She began to massage his legs slowly working her way towards his belt with each stroke upward. She took hold of the buckle and unfastened it all the while gazing in his eyes. She quickly loosed the hasp and as she slowly tugged at the zipper she very deliberately asked "Would. You. Like. For. Me. To. Suck. Your. Cock?" John couldn't answer. He could only gasp for air as she released his dick from the boundaries of his pants.

She knew he was ready and that she could finish him in an instant. But this night was special. This required skill and finesse to make it a night neither would ever forget. 

As she knelt before him and finished removing his pants. She thought how completely she wanted to give herself to this man. 

She lovingly ran her fingers up and down the shaft of his dick causing it to spasm. She raked her nails across his abdomen as her tongue flicked at the underside sending shock waves through his brain. She took his cock in her hand and ran her tongue around the edge of his glans making him long for more. She pressed it against his stomach as she caressed his scrotum with her tongue making it involuntarily jump from between her fingers. She lifted it and began slowly kissing every inch leaving bits of her lipstick with each touch. She took the head in her mouth and sucked it hard causing the blood in his cock to rise to the top. Her lips began slowly inching their way down the length of his dick and he knew he could not take much more. He wanted to hold off though, to fill her cunt with his semen. She reached the base and he could feel the back of her throat stroking him him just as her pussy had months before. The sensation was more than he could stand and the eruption began to rise from his balls.

She sensed it and quickly withdrew. She was not ready yet. She wanted him to experience so much more pleasure than a simple blow job. 

As she slipped it from her mouth, John was panting, unbelieving that the sensation had been interrupted. She kissed his thighs as she waited for his urge to abate. She began humming a melody that soothed his mind as a lullaby soothes an infant. She felt the tenseness in his muscles slowly ebb but his erection stayed ever present waiting for fulfillment. She stoked his legs and his chest to relax him. After many minutes of this psychological manipulation and John's total surrender to her, she kissed his balls. She drew them in her mouth and suckled them like candy as if they would simply dissolve. His fingers ran through her hair now just completely surrendered to what ever she had in store for John knew that she was in complete control.

It was time, she knew she had finally made him submit. She had taken him from being the one who had a thing for her to being completely at her will. It was time to fulfill his desires, his dreams, his fantasies. She gently cupped his ball sack in one hand and moistened her finger and inserted it in his ass. She took his cock in her mouth slowly began fucking him. That was her intent, to fuck him with her mouth. Her finger flexing against his seminal gland and then relaxing was driving him insane. The push upward against his jewels as her mouth came down on his shaft was pure harmony, The sensation of her sliding her mouth slowly up and down the entire length of his shaft. The gentle massaging of his testicles and the stroking of his prostate made John begin to shudder. Something happened that he had never experienced. His orgasm began at the very inception of his soul. It was so far beyond being a physical reaction. She could feel every vein feeding his engorged cock swell as her lips passed over them. The head had turned dark purple as it expanded deep in her throat. Spasms wracked John's body as he lost control of his very being. A guttural roar erupted from his throat just as another eruption spewed from his cock. 

The first explosion was massive and Trudy gasped at the force as it hit the back of her throat. She kept going, shoving her finger deeper into his ass pressing harder against his gland. With each stroke of her finger came another spurt of sticky cum. It seemed as though there was no end as it continued to fill her longing mouth. A stream of John's semen escaped unable to be restrained and ran down the shaft to his belly. Tremors shook John from the top of his head to the tip of his toes. There was not a single muscle that had not contracted, all seeking to expel his sperm into the hungry mouth of his lover. She kept sucking him, flicking her tongue across his hole to make sure had every drop as she swallowed his gism. 

She finally released him and ran her tongue along his belly lapping up the pools of cum that had escaped her mouth. She loved the taste of him as she kissed his entire genital area. She relished in the heat still emanating from his body. John was still attempting to catch his breath. Tears were flowing from his eyes as he reveled in what had just taken place. 

Trudy rose and passionately kissed him sharing the seed lingering in her mouth with him. He whispered to her as she pulled away "Your turn." but she responded "Not tonight". As she left him she knew he would be asleep from the sheer physical exertion he had experienced. The sense of satisfaction and joy overwhelmed her. She got in her car and resisted touching herself. Resisted anything that interfered with the understanding of the love John had defined. She got home and went about her evening routine. After the kids were in bed and she had retired to her own sanctuary, she thought about the experience of the evening. The shock on his face when she denied him, the way he jumped as she bit his nipple, the pleading in his eyes when she stopped his initial urge to cum. She smiled as she thought about the hot stickiness coating her throat and him screaming like a panther in the night. Tears of joy filled her eyes as she discovered "Love".

She reached into her night stand and pulled the sleek black rounded cylinder from the drawer knowing that it would be a pale comparison for the next time she said "Now!"