 John woke with a start in the middle of the night. He was laying exactly in the position Trudy had left him in on the sofa, bare ass naked, extremely glad his wife was out of town on one of her business trips.

His prostate was still sensitive due to the finger fuck he had received several hours earlier. He grinned ear to ear as he remembered how incredible, almost dreamlike it had been.

He still didn't know what prompted such a one sided display of raw passion but for whatever her reasoning was, he knew he was a lucky man. He only hoped that at sometime he could let her experience the overwhelming joy and exhilaration he felt as he had passed out.

Yet he wondered how he, a man who had so many times been the dominant in sexual situations, had completely given over to surrendering to her manipulation. The more time he spent with Trudy the more he became intrigued. As her sexual awakening was occurring, his long suppressed yearnings to be fulfilled stirred constantly in his loins. He realized as a man in his mid fifties that he was feeling like a teenager sexually. He couldn't get enough of this beautiful woman he had waited so long in the shadows to have.

Trudy awoke early that morning and as she was in the bathroom she also was thinking about the night before. She reveled in the thought of his cock hitting the back of her throat with each thrust. She smiled at the still present taste of her lover's cum, salty sweetness. She reached between her legs and started massaging her pussy thinking about his screams as he exploded in her mouth with more cum than she thought possible. Her finger slipped inside her cunt as her mind wandered trying to think of the time and scenario when she could next say "Now!" As her mind raced, her self-manipulated climax happened quickly and much stronger than usual. She couldn't understand why the thought of this man stimulated her so.

John called her that morning to ask if she could give him a lift home after their meeting scheduled that evening, as his car was in the shop. She of course said yes and as she hung up she knew she could sense the the smile in his voice. Months had passed between their first two encounters and she had a feeling that neither could last that long. Too much sexual tension had been brewing between them. She felt the moistness of her panties as she sat at her desk trying to focus.

They sat across from each other at the meeting and behaved as if nothing was going on yet every now and then they would catch the gaze of the other, the sparkle in their eyes. Afterward their usual group of friends hung around outside talking and making plans for a group get-together. John could feel the fire burning in his jewels every time Trudy spoke. After all of the details were settled everyone headed for their cars. As the doors shut John asked Trudy if she was up for some coffee. They went to the coffeehouse around the corner and sat and talked for a while and enjoyed each others time alone.

As Trudy started the engine, John blurted "I want to Fuck You!" Trudy stopped breathing as she processed what he had said. Her response was not at all what she expected would come out of her mouth, "Here, Now? Don't you think its a little crowded in this parking lot?" John leaned over and kissed her as his hand dropped to the union of her legs and squeezed her pussy. He felt the heat and moisture already present.

As the kiss broke, Trudy panted "At least let me move the car." 

She had told John that one of her fantasies was to have sex in a public place. She thought the risk of being caught would heighten the experience. She never once thought she would actually live out that fantasy. John kept massaging her pussy as she moved the car to the department store parking lot adjacent to the coffeehouse. She stopped far enough away from other vehicles to avoid being walked up on.

She shut off the ignition and leaned over kissing his mouth hard, sucking his tongue deep into hers. He slipped his hand past her waistband and found her mound dripping wet. He kept his hand flat and ran his pressed together fingers side to side over her clit. The peaks and valleys formed by those fingers created a stimulation more powerful than any vibrator ever created. As her breathing increased, so did the speed of his fingers strumming across her clit. She broke the kiss to gasp for air as her body started violently shaking and the low primal scream echoed from her throat. She grabbed John's hand to attempt to slow him but his fingers kept flying over her source of pleasure holding her at the peak of her climax for what seemed an eternity. She finally screamed "NOW! NOW! PLEASE FUCK ME NOW!"

They scrambled into the back seat of her SUV and frantically tore at each others clothes. Their sweat soaked skin glided against each other creating even more heat. She grabbed his cock with both hands as John pushed the recline button on the seat. Trudy swung her leg over his hips straddling him, positioning his blood filled cock to impale herself with full force. Her juices poured over the head as she parted her labia in preparation. She dropped her full weight without any hesitation. The air in her lungs exploded as the she felt the tip of his cock slam against her cervix. She rose to the point of losing her grip on him and then slammed down again feeling the walls of her cunt stretch to accommodate his manhood. 

Suddenly she saw the headlights approaching. She quickly dropped down against John's chest and held him tight as they heard the car stop behind the SUV. Trudy's mind began to race as she saw the spotlight shine into the vehicle. How would they explain this to their families. She felt John's fully erect cock pulsing inside her. The sensation extended to her clit she had pressed against the base of his throbbing dick. She was afraid and exhilarated all at once. Just as the spotlight was extinguished and the curious officer drove away, she felt her body completely surrendering to the electrifying orgasm that wracked her body. She bit her lip to keep from screaming lest she trigger a return visit by the officer.

John was still rock hard and sensing every contraction of her cunt walls, urging the volcano of his loins to erupt. He willed himself to restrain, not willing to give up this moment.

Trudy once again renewed her effort wildly stroking John's dick with each back and forth motion of her hips. John's hands were kneading her breasts causing her nipples to swell and harden. Her eyes were clamped shut as she felt the ridge of his head stroking the muscles of her womb driving her further. She wanted to feel him explode inside her, to have his hot stickiness coat her cunt. 

She was abhorred when she opened her eyes and saw the face outside the window. She at first thought the officer had doubled back but quickly realized no, it was just a man who happened to be walking by and noticed the vehicle rocking. She didn't know how long he had been there but he was taking care of his own business while watching the show going on inside her SUV. 

She then had another completely opposite reaction from what she would expect. Instead of recoiling and grabbing her clothes to cover herself, she smiled a wicked smile. John could see the glint in her eyes as they reflected the the street lights all around them. Her hips began rocking with even more force, threatening to expel John's cock with each stroke only to reclaim him deep inside her. She took one of his hands from her sensitive breasts and kissed it taking his fingers in her mouth. She bit his knuckle as it ran across her teeth.

She wasn't sure what was driving her insane more, the wonderful cock filling her pussy or the fact a complete stranger was watching her fuck her brains out while frantically whacking himself. Regardless she kept humping John harder and more frenetic. She reached beneath her and took his balls in her hand. She gently began to massage his balls driving him crazy.

John was feeling the heat rise and he knew that he was about to empty his seed in her waiting cunt. He had no idea what was going on outside the window. He only knew that this woman had gone crazy with lust. Never in his life had he experienced a woman so driven by sex. He felt her cunt walls contract, squeezing his cock like a vise. The massaging of his balls and the tension surrounding his dick was more that he could stand. He started shaking and screaming "I'M CUUUMMMIIINNNGGG"

She felt his body beginning to tremble and knew would explode soon. Her eyes closed as her own intense orgasm overtook her. Her mouth opened as her head was thrown back. Her scream erupted just a millisecond after John's. Her muscles contracted so violently she feared hurting him but she couldn't stop herself. She felt his spunk fill her insides and begin running down his shaft to his balls which she was still milking with her hand. She was gasping for air as she began beating his chest uncontrollably. His cum kept exploding from the head of his dick. She finally collapsed against his chest panting, biting his shoulder, wanting to be as close to him as she could get.

In the midst of her overwhelming climax, she had completely forgotten about the stranger/voyeur outside her window. When she rose to see, he was gone. Relief rushed over her. John felt the change and asked what she was anxious about. She told him about the stranger and her excitement as she was being watched. She explained that she simply couldn't stop herself. 

John held her tightly and whispered in her ear "Nothing is wrong with you. You have discovered the sexual person that has been suppressed for way to long." 

She whimpered back "But I came while almost being caught by the police?"

"Yes you did, wasn't it intense?" he smiled.

She laid there in his arms for awhile until reality set in and she knew that they must return to their "normal" lives, full of disappointment and resentment, knowing that at least there would be a time to once again say "Now!"