 Photography can be a rewarding hobby, especially when combined with a computer and software like Photoshop. I do some nice work, even if I do say so myself. You've probably seen some of it floating around the net, especially if you go looking for wild animal screen savers.

I was taking a day off to do some shooting in the mountains. I'd got up early, and I mean really early. It was still dark when I reached my destination. There was this clearing I'd spotted on one of my jaunts, and it was my intention to surround it with concealed cameras, all of them hooked up to my laptop by wireless.

I carefully placed my cameras, all set on silent mode, so I could zoom in on any spot of the clearing and shoot from my hide via the laptop. Then I sat back and waited. With dawn breaking I started to see activity in the clearing, small animals, deer, a wildcat, things like that. I gathered quite a few shots which I'd go through and cull at my leisure.

After the initial dawn activity things slowed down considerably. That didn't worry me. I had food and drink and a book. I could read while keeping one eye out for movement. It's movement that gives things away. The animals or birds will just ghost into place and be there, but if you're watching with your peripheral vision you'll see movement where previously there was none.

A warning if you want to try this, don't try to look directly at the source of the movement. Animals seem to sense this and fade away again. I let my cameras look towards the spot and then I can take my shots.

Around noon I heard noises in the bush, and I just knew that it was made by people invading my shoot. Nothing I could do but wait them out and hope they wouldn't be there too long. 

Shortly after I heard them, a couple of young women came into view. They took a liking to the clearing, damn them, and settled in to have a picnic. It would take too much effort to go down and ask them to move on and if they didn't want to there would be nothing I could do anyway, so I just sat back and relaxed, intending to wait them out. 

As a way to fill in the time I focussed my various cameras on them, taking some candid shots, some long range, some zooming right in close. A bit of practice never hurts.

Taking one close up of one of the girls, she struck me as familiar. Then I remembered where I'd seen her, and that also jolted my memory of the other. They both worked in one of the boutiques in the mall near me. I'd have to remember to drop of a couple of the better shots for them. A little self advertising never hurt.

After they'd eaten the girls lounged around chatting and then one of them (Jane, I later found her name to be) waved a camera indicating that the other girl (Kelly) should pose a bit. So Kelly gets up and starts mugging for the camera, pulling faces, leaning forward to display some cleavage and such.

Then Jane shouted something to Kelly who laughed, and shouted back. After a bit of to and fro, Kelly, still laughing wriggled out of her bra. Then she started posing with more cleavage shots and, with the almost strapless top she was wearing, she provided some magnificent side-boob shots. Especially for me. 

After a while the girls switched places, with Kelly taking similar shots of Jane. Then Jane got daring and dropped her shorts, but not her knickers unfortunately, and Kelly started shooting more naughty shots, with Jane depending on her long t-shirt to cover her panties. She was wearing a thong, so a side shot with her t-shirt hitched up at the back gave a nice side shot of a lovely bottom. 

After that Jane was obviously daring Kelly to do the same sort of shots, as they switched again and Kelly dropped her skirt. She was at a slight disadvantage though, since her top wasn't as long as Jane's, and in several of her pictures she was flashing her panties. Not thong panties, either. They were lacy things that substantially covered her bottom. 

Jane wasn't too happy with that, and wanted them off so she could do a bottom shot. Kelly finally agreed and took them off, then she hauled her top low to cover her pussy while she stuck out her pert little bottom for the photo.

The girls continued in this vein for a while, and then they got really daring. Jane balanced the camera on their picnic basket and must have pressed the timer. She then bolted over to stand next to Kelly, both girls doffing their tops and Jane hurriedly kicking of her panties.

As soon as the camera had taken the shot they raced to check it, giggling, and then redressed. 

Shortly after that they packed up their junk and departed, leaving me to my hobby.

- - -

After I returned I went through my various photo's, separating the nature shots from the Jane and Kelly shots. After tossing the junk, you always get a high percentage of not quite right, I posted my nature shots on my web site and then turned my attention to the young ladies.

After culling those I was left with some nice photos, even, dare I say, some excellent shots. Some of them were innocuous, others not quite so. I selected a couple of excellent and innocuous shots of both Jane and Kelly and printed them, stamping my copyright on the back.

That evening I dropped in at the boutique where the girls worked. I was lucky and Kelly was there. I introduced myself and then handed over the envelope with the photos.

"You and your friend happened to wander through a shoot I was doing," I told Kelly, "so I shot a couple of you and her. I recognised you so I thought I'd print them out and let you have a copy. If you want any more copies or if you want to see the other photos just give me a call. My number's on the back."

Kelly took the photos out of the envelope, and the top one happened to be a superb shot of her looking slightly to the side of the camera with her face alight with laughter. She laughed just looking at it, making thank you noises, and I politely nodded and departed.

I wondered how long it would be before either she or Jane looked past themselves and recognised the background area.

Several days, apparently. It was Saturday afternoon before I heard from them. It was Kelly, and she sounded a little nervous when she asked if I had any additional photos. I said I had and she could come and see them if she liked. She admitted that she'd like to see them and could she come over now?

Not being busy I told her that was alright with me and gave her my address, and fifteen minutes later she was knocking at the door.

I invited her into my office and brought up the folder of her and Jane with the innocuous photos. Bar one.

I told Kelly that if she wanted any additional shots printed I'd have to charge a couple of dollars per print, to cover the cost of paper and ink. She nodded, but I don't think she was really listening, too busy going slowly through the photos.

Eventually she came to the one photo she didn't want to see. By a piece of good luck and some good focusing I had quite a good close-up of the moment when she took of her panties. 

She was bent over, facing almost directly away from the camera, pulling her panties off her slightly raised leg. The shot from behind naturally showed her bare bottom, her raised leg meant that her pussy was nicely exposed and clear enough to show that she shaved. Even better was the fact that her top had billowed open allowing the camera to look right up it and include two very nice dangling breasts in the shot. She couldn't have shown more of herself if she'd tried. Oh, and her face was turned to look at what she was doing so that was also included.

She squeaked in horror when she saw that shot, and froze. I glanced at it and apologised.

"I'm sorry," I told her hastily. "I didn't mean to include that shot in there. I actually thought I'd removed all those." I then took the mouse from her and dragged the offending picture to the wastebasket. Passing the mouse back to her I suggested she continue looking through the photos.

Kelly went back to looking at the pictures, but she was flicking through a lot faster now, not worrying about the good pictures but dreading finding another bad one.

Finishing, she bit her lip and then asked if she could empty the wastebasket. I just smiled and waved my hand with a help yourself gesture. She looked relieved for a moment, and then she twigged.

"It won't make any difference if I do, will it?" she charged. "You've probably got it stored elsewhere with a whole bunch of other photos."

I just smiled at her, and she groaned. 

"Damn, Jane," she said. "I should never have listened to her."

"I got some excellent shots," I told her. "Would you like to see them?"

"I suspect that the answer is no, I don't want to see them," she said, but I could see she was curious. 

"If you do want to look at them there will be a small fee," I murmured, and Kelly turned to look at me suspiciously.

"Exactly how small a fee are you asking?" she wanted to know.

"Practically nothing," I said. "I just want you to watch them without your clothes."

"Nude?" she said, offended. "Do you really expect me to sit here watching these photos in the nude?"

"Actually, yes," I said. "You've seen a sample and you're dying to see the rest. And as you saw from the sample, you won't be showing me anything I haven't already seen."

I could see her turning it over in her mind. It was a case of she simply had to see the photos. Her imagination was running away with her and she wanted to know how bad, or good, they really were.

I could tell when she finally decided by the aggrieved look she shot at me. She reached down and pulled her t-shirt off, and reached around to unhook her bra. Then she stood and dropped her shorts and panties and turned to face me, flushing slightly.

"Satisfied?" she asked, sarcasm oozing from her voice.

"Not really," I told her as she sat back down, "but I will be I'm sure. Think of this as preliminaries to the main event. Looking at these pictures with me will contribute to your excitement."

"And just what do you mean by that," she demanded.

I reached around her and brought up the folder holding the more interesting photos of her and Jane. I brought up the first one and then left the mouse next to her hand.

"What I mean by that," I explained as I casually cupped her breasts, "is that after you have seen the photos I'm going to entice you into my room and make love to you. I've been wanting to ever since I took the first shot." 

"Don't get your hopes up," Kelly said dryly. "It's not going to happen."

I was smart enough not to push it at that stage, but really. She was in my house, naked. She hadn't objected when I'd squeezed her breasts and she was about to look at nude photos of herself. And she thought that nothing more would happen?

Kelly paged through the photos, quite intrigued and a little shocked to see how fully she and Jane had been exposing themselves. And like it or not, the knowledge that she was nude in front of a man looking at slightly naughty photos was getting to her. Her breathing was deeper and her nipples were now erect.

After Kelly had seen the photos, she asked what I was going to do with them. 

"Just keep them in my private collection," I told her, "although I can let you have a copy of them if you like. Only those that you're in though, as it wouldn't be fair to Jane to give her pictures to someone else."

"Would you delete them if I asked?" she wanted to know.

"Probably not," I said. I reached around and cupped her breasts again. "I will want to keep then to remind me of what these feel like."

This time she did reach up and push my hands away. 

"I didn't say I was going to bed with you," she reminded me. "As for wanting me ever since you took the pictures, what would you have done if Jane had come with me?"

"I'd have done my best to get you to bed anyway. If Jane insisted on staying, then I'd let her watch, but it was you I wanted. The only thing that surprises me about the situation is that I didn't come out of my shooting hide and ravish you right then and there in the mountains."

"I'm just as glad you didn't?" Kelly said, laughing. "You'd have shocked Jane out of her socks."

"Well," I said, taking her hand and drawing her to her feet. "She's not here so she won't be shocked."

Before Kelly fully twigged to what I was doing I had escorted her out of the office and was steering her towards the bedroom. Then she balked, right at the bedroom door.

"I told you, I'm not going to bed with you," she complained.

"No, you didn't," I pointed out, opening the door and pressing her gently into the room. "What you said was that you hadn't said you would, so I thought I'd save you the trouble of having to decide. No need to thank me. I'm just naturally considerate that way."

I think that this was the point that it finally dawned on her that she wasn't really getting much say in the matter. It was a case of was she going to co-operate and get screwed or fail to co-operate and still get screwed. She gave me a look designed to let me know that she wasn't altogether happy with what was going on, but would go along with it.

Now that she had accepted the fact that I was going to take her she relaxed, letting me take her breasts in her hands and gently squeeze them. Then I ran my hands down her front, stroking her tummy and playing with her mons. Her breathing had deepened again, and her nipples were tightening.

I quickly stripped, letting her look me over before moving closer to her. She didn't try to run away screaming, so I guess she found me acceptable.

I reached for her and drew her close to me, holding her firmly against me so she could feel me against her, while I enjoyed the feel of her breasts pressing against my chest, and her pubic mound pushing firmly against me.

"Put your arms around my neck," I told her, and when she complied I reached around and clasped her bottom and lifted.

"Knees up," I murmured and Kelly laughed as she lifted her knees and hooked her ankles together behind my back.

With her clinging to me like that she was wide open to me, so I lifted her higher until she could feel my cock drag across her slit and stand just under it, nodding slowly.

Now I slowly lowered her until her slit was pressing firmly against the head of my cock. Lowering her a little more her lips were forced apart as I intruded into her. Holding her there, with just the head inside her, I asked her the important question.

"Lower you slowly or just drop you?" I asked her.

She paused for a moment, excitement on her face, and then she gasped, "Drop me."

So I did, just letting her go, hearing her scream as she plunged down, sliding down the length of my erection.

Her eyes were wide as she stared at me. I laughed at her, and she started laughing back. I just stood there with her clinging to me, nicely settled upon me. I bounced a couple of times to give her a jolt and she gasped, quite happy to let me. 

"Now, what do I do with you?" I asked her. She just looked back at me, eyes bright. Anything from here on was my problem was the message I was getting.

I backed up to the bed and sat, hard, causing Kelly to bounce on me, hard. She squealed and then settled onto me again. Sitting there I gave a series of small upward thrusts, just strong enough to unsettle her. Kelly wriggled slightly against me, pressing down onto those little thrusts, enjoying the feeling.

I wasn't in a hurry, not wanting to hit and run, as it were. Sitting there I took my time, continuing those little upward jolts, bring ripples of pleasure to both of us.

Seeing my hands were free I made use of them, playing with Kelly's breasts, squeezing them and agitating her nipples. Then I leant into her and kissed her.

For a while we sat, kissing, while I continued to give those little thrusts, but moving slower now, managing to withdraw a little before slowly ascending again, building up a nice slow friction inside her.

Very soon Kelly pulled away from our kisses and just stared at me, breathing hard. Her concentration was moving away from the tactile sensations of lips and breasts and was concentrating at what was happening within her. I could feel her starting to shudder at each slow cycle, wanting more but almost afraid to ask for it.

Now I leaned back until I was lying on the bed, Kelly lying on top of me, held in place by my arms and erection. Rolling over, Kelly was now pinned beneath me. This time when I stared to withdraw I kept coming until I was almost out of her, then I came savagely back in while Kelly screamed and thrust up to meet me. 

Soon I was pounding into her, giving her what she wanted while she surged to meet me, taking what she considered her due.

How long were we like that? The answer's always the same. Too long, while being not long enough. We came together, duelling with our bodies, quite happy to make each other a winner. Sometimes you're lucky and you both win together, sometimes you need to practices to achieve this. This time we were lucky. Hopefully I can entice Kelly back again to see if it was a one-off.

We were lying back on the bed relaxing when my phone rang. It was Jane. She'd also twigged to where the photos were taken and wanted to see the rest of what I had. Could she come around tomorrow afternoon? She wanted to catch up with Kelly first and bring her along. No problems. I'll see you tomorrow afternoon.

"You have a problem," I told Kelly. "Jane's coming around tomorrow afternoon to see the photos, and she's bringing you with her."

Kelly looked puzzled. "And this is a problem because...?"

"You are going to have to decide if you're going to give your all tomorrow to protect Jane, or are you going to try to convince Jane that she will have to give her all, as she was the one who suggested the naughty photos in the first place?

So are you going to wriggle and wail while Jane watches you get ravished, or are you going to wring your hands and sympathise while I ravish Jane?"