 As promised, two weeks later I returned to the nudist resort and Catherine's. She took my bag and placed it in her bedroom. She asked if I wanted to undress and I did. My cock was already rigid in anticipation of what was to come. She smiled and said she was glad I decided to stay over. I told her I would be able to stay for the weekend.

She took me to the kitchen and we had a nice dinner that she had prepared. After dinner we went into the living room to chat. In a short time, the topic got around to sex. Catherine said she had a wonderful time at the secluded spot with me and enjoyed herself. 

She mentioned Tom and said her first threesome was terrific and would love to do another one soon.

She said she would do whatever I wanted her to do. I asked her what her limits were and if she trusted me. She said she did trust me and wanted what she has been missing out on.

I pulled her towards me and we kissed. Our hands were all over each other. Our tongues were entwined, sharing our saliva. My hard cock was pressing up against her. She was all over me, jerking my cock, then sucking it. In a few minutes I shot my cum all over her. 

We rested a few minutes but never let each other go. I told her I needed a shower. Catherine took me to the shower and I got in. As I entered the shower, I invited her in. We hugged and kissed as the water cascaded down on us.

I backed her up and told her to hold my cock. As she did, I let out a stream of pee onto her. She was stunned but never let my cock go. I told her that was her first golden shower. She started splashing my pee on herself. Then I told her it was her turn to give me a golden shower and to pee on me. She hesitated but pulled me to her. Within seconds I could feel her warm wetness running down my legs. I reached down and cupped some of her pee and rubbed it on her chest and she loved it.

After the shower, we went to her bedroom, hugged and fell onto her big bed.

It wasn't long before I was on top of Catherine. Her legs were spread and my cock was looking for her slit. I told her to slide my cock in her and without hesitation, she slid my hard cock into her wet and inviting cunt. I filled her cunt as far as my 7 inches would go and started to fuck her. She was meeting me thrust for thrust and soon I was going to explode. 

I pulled my cock out of her cunt and moved it in front of her mouth. I told her to open her mouth as I jerked off. 

In a matter of seconds I shot a load of cum into her mouth and down her chin. As she tried to swallow it all, we kissed and she shared my cum with me. She wrapped her legs around my waist and we kissed me for what seemed like forever.

We finally rolled over on our backs, exhausted and somewhat satisfied. As we lay there, I asked if that was what she had in mind. Without hesitation, she said "Yes" and kissed me passionately with my cum still on her lips.

That night I fucked her several more times and we fell asleep with my cock inside her cunt. The next morning, she woke me up by giving me a blow job which was the best wake up I ever had.

I had to leave for awhile and told her I would make the rest of the weekend the best she ever had.

Upon my return later that evening, Catherine was already naked and practically tore my clothes off when I got inside. She took me straight to her bed and we fucked. Until I came inside her. 

After we ate dinner, I asked if she had any close friends, male or female. She said she actually had one couple that she was somewhat close with. It was Tom's parents, Lisa and Tony.

I asked if she ever thought about playing with them, sexually. She said yes but never acted on it even though she discussed it with Lisa once. She said she told her how frustrated she was and that was the end of it.

I told her to call her and invite her over. Without question, Catherine called her friend, Lisa and asked her to come over. After a few minutes, Lisa rang the doorbell and Catherine let her in.

Catherine introduced me to Lisa, who was nude. She was about 50, big tits and big nipples, a nice rounded ass and a completely smooth pussy. We chatted for awhile and then I just blurted out that Catherine and I have been fucking and we wanted to know if she would like to join us. 

I looked at Catherine, who looked stunned that I asked Lisa so abruptly. I then looked at Lisa and saw a sly grin on her face. She got up from the couch and came over to me and knelt down in front of me and started to suck my cock. I looked at Catherine and we both smiled and had our answer.

I pulled Lisa off my cock and sat her besides me. Catherine came over and sat on the other side of me. I explained to Lisa that I was helping Catherine experience pleasures she never knew before and was wondering if she and her husband would help me. Lisa looked at us and said she definitely would and was sure her husband would too and that he had always wanted to fuck Catherine.

I told Lisa to call her husband and to tell him that she was staying with Catherine overnight because Catherine wasn't feeling well. 

Lisa called her husband and he told her it was okay to stay over and to help her friend.

With that out of the way, I asked the women what they would like to do since we had a whole night to enjoy each other.

Lisa said she would like to play with Catherine, if that was ok. Catherine said she was never with a woman before but would do it.

We went to the bedroom and I sat in a chair facing the bed. The two naked women got on the bed and Lisa started feeling Catherine up. Soon, Catherine was into it and the two women were all over each other. Lisa went down on Catherine's pussy and started eating her. Catherine moved into the 69 position and started to eat Lisa. The women looked beautiful together.

After some enjoyable time, I encouraged both of them to cum. Their fucking quickly picked up the pace and soon they were both squirming and cumming together. 

As their bodies relaxed, I joined them on the bed, which was wet from their juices. I got in the middle and told them I wanted to have them both at the same time. 

They each started playing with my cock, kissing me, sucking my cock, playing with my asshole. I felt Lisa's tongue penetrate my asshole as Catherine sucked my cock. 

Soon Lisa was riding my cock as Catherine sucked Lisa's tits. Then they switched. They were great and in no time, I was ready to shoot my cum. They both hovered their mouths over my cock and as I came, they both tried to lap up my cum and then they kissed each other. It was some sight to see, as my cum was dripping from their mouths.

Needless to say, the night was a never ending orgy for the three of us. 

Look for Part 3