 Angelina Rossi smiled when she read the email sent to her in response to the internet advertisement that offered her services as a paid escort. The man, who gave his name as Rich Lottabucks, wanted her to accompany him on a trip to an expensive resort on Saturday, July 14. It was still late June, and that easily gave her enough time to work the gig into her schedule. 

She liked the thought of being wined and dined in high style and paid well for her services, besides benefiting from what he referred to as one of his sexual preferences, which was eating pussy. Angelina loves having her pussy eaten, especially when the man with his face between her thighs is paying her to be allowed to bring her to several orgasms. Her daily and hourly and weekend rates are included in her ad, and Mr. Lottabucks had no objection to them, although they are quite high, and he promised a nice tip for her in addition to her fee, if he had enough fun. Well aware, after being told so by every one of her many highly satisfied clients of her great beauty and carnal skills, she had no doubt she would give Mr. Lottabucks his money's worth and more. 

After verifying through her business agent and some of her colleagues that he really is a rich playboy and learning that none of the other courtesans or paid escorts had any complaints about him, and only high praise for his sexual prowess, Angelina emailed her acceptance of the offer. Her reply told him when and where to pick her up on the morning of June 14 in the Mercedes he wrote about, and promised him she would be his until he brought her back home on Sunday morning. She also included the PayPal account where he would have to pay her fee in advance. 

Technically, her business agent would have been considered a pimp, but he is nothing like the common stereotype of the brutal slave driver. He keeps the cops from hassling her and had found her current apartment building, where many of the other tenants were in the same line of work as she, also at the high end. He has many contacts in the business world, and can almost always tell her which men who want her services were safe, although he knew nothing of their sexual skills. For his necessary services, he was paid a fair percentage of her fees and no part of her tips, and he made no sexual demands on her. Angelina valued the business relationship and considered it to be a necessity. 

The sexy young woman had no thought of reneging on her end of the bargain, unless she had to and, if she had to cancel the date, she would order PayPal to refund his money. Successful high end prostitutes, such as she is, do not stay in business very long if they cheat clients, and she had even heard of a young woman who was beaten to a pulp and had her career end after failing to keep her part of an agreement for sexual services. Some of the men she might deal with are known to be as ruthless as they are rich, but she has no worry about her safety as long as she always gives full value for payment received. 

Rich Lottabucks, who really did have a lot of bucks and whose real name is Richard Carson, was very happy to get the email response from Angelina. He lusted for voluptuous young women with long black hair and clean-shaven pussies, and the description and photograph he'd seen online made her out to be exactly that. She also described herself as loving oral sex, both giving and getting, and those were more strong incentives for him to have chosen her over the other, equally beautiful women who advertise online. 

Without hesitation, he sent the listed weekend fee to her account with PayPal, as well as setting aside an envelope containing a $1,000 tip. Richard Carson believes in getting the best, even if it is the most expensive. He could have gone to the resort or some other place with a date who was not a hired escort, but he knew from sad experience he would almost certainly end up shelling out far more money on one of those gold diggers and probably get much less sexual satisfaction than he expected to receive from the woman whose services he had just hired. 

At the appointed time, Richard drove up to the secure apartment that was the home and sometimes the business place of the sexy young woman. "My name is Rich Lottabucks and I'm here to see Angelina Rossi," he said to the doorman, who greeted him politely and escorted him to a large, comfortable easy chair in the apartment house lobby. 

"Mr. Lottabucks is here to see you, Ms. Rossi," he told her via the intercom after connecting it to the tenant's apartment.

"Thank you, Steven. I'll be right down." 

The doorman smiled as he passed on the information to the man waiting in the easy chair, knowing he had just done one more thing that would earn the tip he regularly receives from Ms. Rossi. His official salary is minimal, but his income from those tips, which are never reported to the IRS, provides him with a comfortable living. Along with other tenants in her line of work, she regards him as being well worth what she pays him, as a possible witness and even a bodyguard in the unlikely event some client ever gets the idea he hasn't gotten his money's worth from her or even if he just wanted sex that was rougher than she was willing to undergo. 

As she said she would, Angelina exited the elevator into the lobby less than five minutes later. She was wearing a light green summer dress with long white gloves and white sandals with no stockings, and felt she was perfectly attired for a day in the country. Richard, dressed in a polo shirt and cotton slacks and sneakers was equally casual. He recognized her from her online photo and stepped forward to meet her. 

"Good morning, Angelina. I'm Rich Lottabucks, and you look even better in person than you did online. I'm sure we'll have a lot of fun this weekend." He stood up to shake her hand, followed by his hugging her against his chest, relishing the feel of her young, succulent body against his.

"Good morning, Rich," the hotsy replied, participating fully in the embrace. "I'm sure we will too. In fact, I guarantee it." She really meant that. The beautiful paid escort has a standing offer to return the fee he paid her to any man who thinks he didn't get his money's worth with her. So far, she has never had to make good on it, and doesn't expect anybody to ever ask for a refund. 

As they headed for the front door, Steven hurried ahead of them to open it and from there to the blue Mercedes parked in the zone designated for passenger pickups. He held the passenger side door for Angelina, who thanked him with a pretty smile, followed by his doing the same for the man she was leaving with, who thanked him with a crisp twenty dollar bill. 

As he always does whenever tenants in his building are picked up, especially by men, he made a mental note of the description of the vehicle being used, including the license number. After he returned to the apartment building, Steven wrote the information on some Postits, fully expecting to destroy the notes he had just made, including entirely putting the details out of his mind once the tenant had been safely returned to the building. 

Angelina was a bit surprised when their route led them in a direction opposite to the way she expected to go. Most resorts where she had been taken by men were on the ocean, but she wasn't worried about the exact location, as long as the bed was comfortable and the food was good and the facilities were all first class. Even so, she felt better after Rich pulled up in front of a very solid steel gate and, after a brief discussion with two guards, drove onto the grounds. 

Once they were through the gate, the resort looked more like what Angelina was used to. She could see the swimming pool and cabanas and a large swath of manicured green lawn and the main building, tall and imposing and built in the Georgian style. Rich pulled up in front of the door, and a pair of uniformed employees hurried to attend to his vehicle and what little baggage they carried. It was really just a day trip, although they would sleep there before returning the following morning, so they were both traveling light. She had an overnight bag with a sexy negligee, a clean bra and panties, her normal makeup and a tiny bikini, while he seemed to have even less baggage. 

Once the bellhop had pocketed his tip and left the couple standing beside the bed, Angelina kicked off her sandals and turned to the man who had bought her services for that weekend. "Here we are, Rich," she told him, as if he didn't know already. "And I'm yours for the day and the night, whatever you want us to do." 

He knew what he wanted more than anything, at least to begin their fun. The nude picture of her in the online advertisement had been of one of the most alluring women he had ever seen. He hadn't changed his mind about that, but what he wanted to do first was to feast his eyes on her gorgeous live body while she was wearing not a stitch of clothing. His hands and mouth and cock would all have their turn, but he wanted the visual treat first. He moved closer and hugged her again, but not as tightly, and his fingers began to unfasten the buttons on the back of her summer frock. 

She felt what he was doing, and Angelina wanted to start the same way. While his fingers were busy, she was removing her gloves and dropping them on the bed and, when he had finished with her buttons, she pushed her short sleeves down her arms and bent at the hips so the dress billowed forward. Still wearing her aqua bra and skimpy matching panties, she stood up straight, and Rich pulled the dress down to the floor. The sexy brunette stepped out of it and stood waiting for her further divestment. 

Once again, her client wrapped his arms around her body, and this time he unhooked her bra. Angelina grinned lewdly and, when he lowered his hands and stepped back, teased him briefly by holding her cups in place. She knows her breasts are worth a bit of a presentation so, after making the man wait for a few seconds, she spread her arms, removing her bra and showing herself off. In addition, she moved her upper body, making the twin treasures bounce and sway before him. 

After kissing those two beauties, Rich knelt before her, hooked his fingers in the elastic waistband of her panties and pulled them down to the floor, so his completely naked date for the weekend could step out of them. He remained where he was, gazing up at Angelina's truly adorable pussy and noted how, as advertised, she was almost clean shaven there, so he could see her lovely pink inner lips just starting to push their way through her slit. 

"My turn now," she announced. "Just sit right here on the bed, and I'll take good care of you." 

Rich was hardly able to tear his eyes away from the incredibly beautiful and completely naked woman before him, but he also knew it would be worth his while to do so. He sat on the bed and she knelt between his legs and started to unfasten his belt and pull down the zipper on his fly. Rich stripped his shirt off over his head and, when Angelina started pulling his pants down, raised his ass from the bed to help her. She smiled at the sight of the big, hard cock sticking up through the fly of his boxer shorts and leaned forward to kiss the head before continuing to remove his clothing. 

After unsnapping the waistband of the shorts and pulling them and the pants down to his ankles, she stopped to remove his shoes and socks, which she set aside. Her final act of undressing her date was to pull his pants and shorts the rest of the way off and place them on the edge of the bed. The man and the woman were equally naked, and she knew what she wanted to do next, as long as he had no objection. 

Gently holding his cock in her hand, Angelina smiled up at the man sitting on the bed above her. "I hope you don't mind. I've been looking forward all month to doing this." 

Without waiting for an answer, she rose up high on her knees and leaned over to start licking the head of the stiff cock in her hand. One of the many things she loves about sucking off a man is the velvety texture of the head against her tongue, and she spent quite a bit of time reveling in the way this one felt. From there, she continued lowering her face slowly until his entire head was nestled between her lips and she was licking under the hard ridge. 

To Angelina's way of thinking, the best part of sucking off a man, besides being well paid for doing it, is having his cum gush into her mouth and licking off his cock and swallowing his semen. That is the best part, but the entire process is fun, so she wanted to spend a long time before getting that mouthful of cum. Moving her face slowly, she enveloped Rich's shaft until the head was pressed against the back of her mouth. As she held his cock in that position, her agile tongue was laving everything she had just engulfed. Sensuously, she drew her mouth back and held his shaft gently in her fingers and looked up at him while smiling around his rigid cock. 

To Rich, the best part of being sucked off is cumming into the girl's mouth, but everything else about this one was great too. Especially this would include the visual delight he was getting then, which was looking at the beautiful face with the green eyes and the smiling mouth behind his erect cock. Even better was when he saw the gorgeous brunette flick out her tongue and daintily lick the end, including probing the slit on the end with the tip of her tongue, and follow that highly erotic display by slowly covering his white shaft with her mouth again. Even as he watched her lips slowly going down on his erection, she was looking up at him with those incredible eyes. 

This time, Angelina only paused for a second when she felt the end of Rich's cock reach the back of her mouth. One of the many sexual tricks she knows how to perform is to give deep throat, and she started doing that with him. The brief hesitation was followed by her continuing to lower her face until her mouth was pressed against his balls and pubic hair. The stroking between her lips was slow and sensual and accompanied by her tongue caressing the shaft she was drawing into her mouth and by her eyes continuing to gaze adoringly at the man seated on the bed. 

He was looking right back at her, almost mesmerized as she slowly moved her face up and down and back and forth, with his cock sliding in and out of her pretty mouth. Although the sight was a delightful one, and the gentle slurping and lapping sounds she was making were pleasing to his ears, the physical delights his cock was receiving that day from Angelina's mouth were better than anything he could remember. She was moving slowly, but Rich could already feel his climax starting to mount within his body, and he hoped to delay it as long as he could, to get the full benefit of what her warm, wet chamber of pleasure was doing for him. 

"I really love that," he told her. "I love what you're doing." 

She smiled, but nobody could tell because her lips were being shaped by the big round shaft passing in and out between them. Angelina likes hearing things like what Rich had just told her, but she had no wish to stop what her mouth was doing to respond aloud, so she gave the "OK" sign with the thumb and index finger of her right hand and continued providing carnal pleasure for him and for herself. 

And, in a way, it was almost as much fun for her as it was for him. She had always loved sucking cocks and all other sexual activity, even before becoming a paid escort, and it was at least as good that day in the resort as it had been then. She loves the feeling of a hard cock thrusting between her lips and the sensation of her mouth being filled by its presence. Her tongue dotes on the texture of the smooth skin that was stretched around the hard roundness of that erotic mouthful, and one of her favorite parts was watching the man's body writhing above her and seeing the joy flickering across his face. 

Rich was approaching that point, and Angelina didn't want him to cum until she had done some of her other favorite things. Not only are they fun, but the change of pace would delay his climax, which would make it better for him and for her. After backing her face away from him following one of the slow strokes she loves doing, she took his cock entirely out of her mouth and smiled at him around the shaft, as she had done before. She kissed the head again, and her tongue probed the slit but, instead of then engulfing the rigid organ, Angelina cupped one hand under one of her succulent breasts and gently held his cock in the fingers of her other hand. 

Smiling lewdly at Rich, Angelina started rubbing her nipple, which was erect by then, against the underside of his shaft, all the way to the end. Still gazing at his face, she did the same with her other hard nubbin. For the next minute, she alternated rubbing her nipples against his cock, until she kissed the velvet head again and nestled it between her lips. Had he asked her to do so, she would have been willing to form a channel with her breasts and slowly caress his cock between them, but he did not ask and she would not usually do such a stroke without a request. Angelina was trying to make the blow job last as long as she could, and that might have hastened his climax. Besides that, being fucked between her breasts is not a particularly fun way for her to have sex, especially when compared with the stimulation of her nipples and tongue and mouth. 

It was definitely not as much fun as she was having sucking off Rich. A few seconds after the application of her nipples, she had his cock back inside her mouth, and was again slowly caressing his entire shaft with her lips and tongue. Angelina still loved everything about what she was doing, but was not disappointed when she felt the stiff cock starting to throb against her throat and the insides of her cheeks. From long experience, she knew Rich was ready to cum, and she could do nothing to prevent it, even if she had wanted to. 

"I'm almost ready to cum, Sweetheart," he said, quite unnecessarily. "Do you want me to cum into your mouth?" 

Although she thought it a rather silly question, Angelina made no verbal reply. She answered by tightening her lips, stroking his cock faster and no longer giving him deep throat. The latter is highly enjoyable to her, but she wanted to take no chances of having her client shoot his cum directly down her throat, thereby depriving her of the chance to fully enjoy the reward she thought of herself as earning. As for not cumming into her mouth at all, that would have been an even greater bigger disappoint to her. 

Less than a minute after Rich's announcement, Angelina felt his cock jerking, and she positioned her tongue at the tip. His first thick gob of semen splashed into her mouth right where she wanted it, and she continued with the short strokes of her lips. The second and third gushers of his cum landed on her tongue too, and she kept sucking, wanting more, but there was no more of the slightly salty treat for her. 

Carefully holding his cock in her fingers, she took it out of her mouth, making sure it stayed upright so none of the juices still inside would drip out and be wasted. With that precaution taken care of, Angelina swirled the semen inside her mouth, relishing the taste and texture. Using her tongue as a paintbrush, she coated the insides of her cheeks and her palate with the viscous fluid, before finally letting the rest of the delicious semen slide down her throat. 

There was still some left, she knew, and she went after that too. Gently, she placed a thumb on the underside of Rich's cock right in front of his scrotum and the fingers of that hand on the side opposite, and started slowly drawing that hand toward her mouth. Everything that oozed out of the tip was caught on her tongue until her fingers were all the way against her lips. She treated this smaller mouthful the same as she had the first one, deriving the most pleasure she could from the rewards of giving good head. After swallowing it, she licked off Rich's cock, making sure nothing was wasted. 
