 Kaitlin had a reputation at Cooperate Image Consultants for being a ball-buster. As an account executive it was her job to see that our advertising agency was being prudent with our clients' money and that every dollar was being spent wisely. This sometimes placed her in direct confrontation with designers and advertising executives like myself. We had to go to Kaitlin with our proposals and convince her that our ad campaigns were worthy of the budget we had submitted. She had the final say on everything and that caused more than a little resentment between her and us graphic designers.

In all fairness to Kaitlin, I realize that it must not be easy for a woman to be working in a male-dominated environment. She was walking a razor's edge -- be too friendly or pretty and she was perceived as an airhead or slut -- be too diligent and she was perceived as a bitch. There was no winning for Kaitlin and she probably lumped me in the same dung-heap as the other men at the company. I couldn't really blame her because I had made no effort to be friendly with her. Our relationship was strictly business. After work I would occasionally go out for drinks with the other guys in the company, but Kaitlin was never invited along. This was not simply an oversight on our part; we did not particularly like her and assumed the feeling was mutual.

I don't know if it was by design or just her nature, but the image that Kaitlin put forth at work helped to consolidate the perception amongst us that she was a cold-hearted harridan -- although this was probably just the perceptions of us insecure men in the company who resented having to seek the approval of a woman before proceeding with our ad campaigns, if the cliché was to be believed. But the fact that Kaitlin kept her brassy hair pulled back tight and wore navy blue pantsuits did little to dispel the preconceptions that her co-workers had that she was an androgynous shrew.

Kaitlin and I only had reason to interact when it was time for me to submit my budgets for clients, then wait for her to approve them. Occasionally she would question my numbers for the cost of a photo shoot or commercial for television, but ultimately she would always approve my expenditures. She and I had a good working relationship and I respected her business-like demeanour. That was all I ever expected of her.

A few months ago I was assigned a new client, Intersat Technologies. They provided civilian corporations with satellite imagery and were about to start a nation-wide advertising campaign. I was tasked with going to their cooperate headquarters in Baltimore to over-see a photo shoot for a print campaign and production of a television commercial. This was all scheduled to begin on Monday and run till Wednesday. That Thursday Mr. Baldwin, the owner of the agency, called me into his office.

"I'm sending you and Kaitlin to Baltimore on Sunday for the Intersat shoots, Michael. Is that alright with you?" he asked.

"Yes, of course, Chester," I said.

"The only reason I ask is because, well - I've heard that Kaitlin rubs some people the wrong way and I wanted to make sure that you had no problems working with her," he explained.

"I've got no problems with her. Maybe you should ask her if she thinks I'm an asshole though."

Chester Baldwin laughed as he got up from his desk. He walked around to the front and sat down against it. "She has no problems with you, Michael. We've already discussed it. Go see her. She has your plane tickets and company credit cards. The reservations at the hotel have already been made."

It was with a little trepidation that I knocked on Katherine's office door; it always was the case. She had her head tilted down as she poured over paperwork. When she looked up her hazel eyes met mine. She smiled. This was a rare occurrence. I returned her smile, thinking that she looked pretty when her features softened.

"Come in, Michael," Kaitlin said. She dropped her pen and pushed herself away from her desk. "Chester said you'd be coming to see me."

"Yes. I guess we're going to Baltimore on Sunday," I said.

"Yeah... the Intersat account. That should be fairly straight-forward." Kaitlin reached into the top drawer of her desk and withdrew a plane ticket and credit card. She handed them to me. "I'll meet you at the airport at four o'clock. Here -- you'll be needing these." 

"Okay, thanks. I'll see you then." I left Kaitlin's office, surprised by how short our meeting had been, but almost relieved.

###

That Sunday afternoon I wandered through the airport searching for Kaitlin. I was dragging my wheelie suitcase behind me and carrying a black case containing my company-assigned laptop over my shoulder. When I first spied Kaitlin at a distance sitting on a blue plastic chair I hardly recognized her. Instead of the usual drab, business-like attire she normally wore she was wearing a short-sleeved white floral dress and sandals. Her honey-blond hair hung loose over her shoulders, making her appear younger than she ever had at work. Although I did not know Katherine's actual age I had guessed her to be around my age -- a few years shy of thirty. When she saw me approaching she looked up and smiled.

"There you are. Our flight leaves in ninety minutes." Kaitlin's hazel eyes met mine and she smiled.

I would have been nearly mortified if my co-workers, especially the men, had have found this out, but at that moment when Kaitlin smiled up at me and our eyes met I felt my cock begin to stiffen. 

"We should go get our boarding passes," I said, feeling uneasy.

I'm a nervous flier, to put it mildly. A few times a year I'll be assigned as art director for an job that involves flying to another city and I always dread it. If I can, I will take a train or rent a car rather than fly. Hell, walking would be preferable to flying. During our flight to Baltimore Kaitlin and I discussed the advertising campaign I had planned, including my ideas for the print ads and television spots. On my laptop I had mock-ups of how I wanted the finished product to look to show the client. I had already emailed them copies, but I wanted them to see them again and okay them on Monday before we shot even a single frame. I also planned to show them to Kaitlin later so she would be familiar with what I had planned in case the client asked her any questions.

About an hour into the flight I found myself less nervous and more preoccupied with Kaitlin sitting beside me. As we talked I found my eyes moving from hers down to her chest. It was then for the first time that I noticed her breasts. They appeared to be sizable handfuls judging by how they filled out the taut front of her dress. This was the first time that I was actually aware that Kaitlin had breasts. It's not like that discovery surprised me, but their size and attractive shape certainly did. The clothes she wore at work definitely had done a good job to conceal just how nice her body was. Once again, my cock began to swell and stiffen. At one point we encountered some turbulence and I noticed Kaitlin's firm mounds give a noticeable bounce beneath her dress. By the time our plane landed I was horny. It was the first time I actually enjoyed flying.

"Are you hungry?" Kaitlin asked as our cab took us to our hotel.

"I wasn't till you asked," I replied with a laugh.

"Let's grab something to eat after we check in," she suggested. "After that, I'd like to go over your mock-ups for the photo shoot tomorrow," she said.

"Sure. No problem."

By the time Kaitlin and I checked in at the hotel I was very hungry. She and I were given rooms next to one another and we headed directly to them. During the elevator ride up we agreed to meet back down in the hotel lobby in a half hour so we could go to the hotel's restaurant, after we each had a chance to freshen-up from our flight. 

I was sitting on a leather sofa beside a large plastic plant in the lobby when I saw Kaitlin emerge from the elevator. As she strode towards me I wasn't sure if her gait was different than usual or my perception of her had changed. Whatever it was, I was taken with how her lithe body moved with each step she took. Her hair and breasts reacted to her movements and I found myself captivated as I watched her walk across the tiled floor. It was hard to believe that the enchanting young woman walking towards me was actually Kaitlin.

"Ready to eat?" Kaitlin asked.

I nodded, my mind still filled with somewhat lewd thoughts about my co-worker. "I'm starving," I mumbled.

Kaitlin and I made our way to the restaurant and found a table. I was hungry, but my desire for Kaitlin was also growing. When she began making conversation I was glad because it forestalled any awkward silence.

"So, how long have you been with the company anyway?" she asked.

"It will be three years next October."

Kaitlin nodded. "I'm coming up on two years, but I still feel like the new girl."

"Why's that?" I asked.

Kaitlin lowered her menu to her plate. Her eyes met mine and the right corner of her mouth turned up while she seemed to be thinking. "Let's just say I'm not going to be voted Miss Congeniality by the rest of the people in the office," she said with a frown.

I gave her an uncomfortable expression as I struggled for words to comfort her.

"It's okay, Michael. I already know that everyone thinks I'm a cold-hearted, fun-hating, bitch," she said with a sigh.

I gave Kaitlin a compunctious look, noticing her sad expression. "It can't be easy being one of the few women at the company," I remarked.

"No -- not at all. Sometimes I feel like I'm damned if I do and damned if I do," she said.

"What do you mean?"

"Well, maybe it's just my paranoia, but I worry that if I'm too friendly people will think I'm flirting, or if I laugh too much they'll think I'm an airhead. I figure that it's best that I portray a strictly business-like image to avoid any misconceptions. That's why I dress like Hillary Clinton."

Before I could restrain myself I let out a short burst of laughter. I clamped my hand over my mouth and gave Kaitlin a guilty look. "Sorry," I murmured.

"It's okay, Michael. I know I'm at least partially to blame for everyone thinking that I'm either androgynous or a shrew. I can't blame you for thinking that," she conceded.

"No, I don't think that, Kaitlin," I lied.

"Which -- that I'm androgynous or a shrew?" Kaitlin gave me a foxy smile. Her eyes had a mischievous glint to them as they locked on mine.

I felt myself blush as I tried to think of a safe answer. "Uh... both," I said.

It wasn't like I totally thought that Kaitlin was a one-dimensional number-cruncher, but seeing another aspect of her personality was something I was not used to -- although I knew that I could easily grow to like it. When I saw a waiter approaching to take our orders I was somewhat relieved. The tone of the conversation had made me uncomfortable because I feared that I would say the wrong thing and inadvertently over-step some boundary with Kaitlin. Although we were out of the office and technically not working that night she was still a co-worker and I wanted to avoid being accused of acting inappropriately.

"So, you've got all of your mock-ups and everything you showed them during the pitch on your laptop?" Kaitlin asked.

Our food had arrived and I was busy making my chicken alfredo disappear when Kaitlin spoke. I nodded as I wiped my mouth with a napkin.

"Yeah. It's up in my room," I said.

"Would it be okay if we went over it later? I've seen it all, but that was a month ago and I should take another look, so I don't look like an idiot if they ask me questions tomorrow," she said, then giggled.

"Sure. That's no problem. I was thinking we should go over it too," I replied.

My hunger made me momentarily forget my manners. I finished my food quickly, as though I hadn't eaten in a week. When I pushed my empty plate aside and sat back Kaitlin grinned.

"What?" I asked, noticing the look on her face.

"You made quick work of that," she remarked.

"Sorry... after living alone for so long I sometimes forget to bring my manners with me when I go out."

Kaitlin laughed. "That's alright. It's not that. I was just surprised by how quickly you finished, that's all," she explained. "Living alone really does change one's perspective on things though, doesn't it?" she remarked.

"It sure does," I agreed.

"Sometimes I'm afraid that I'm going to end up like one of those crazy ladies with dozens of cats you read about in the paper," she said with a frown.

"How many cats do you have?"

"Two... so far anyway," she said.

"The trick is to find a guy who likes cats," I joked.

"Or at least one who doesn't think I'm androgynous or a shrew," Kaitlin shot back with a smile, despite the tone seriousness in her voice.

"I don't think you'll have any problem with that," I said, daring to be that outspoken.

"Oh? Do a lot of guys like cats?" she quipped.

"What I meant was you being either androgynous or a shrew... sorry..." I mumbled. Once again I feared I had said the wrong thing and Kaitlin was using humor to rebuke me.

"Sorry for what?" she asked with a puzzled expression.

"I just thought that maybe I was being too forward with my comment," I said.

Kaitlin gave her head a shake and smiled. "No, not at all. I appreciate the compliment. You don't have to walk on eggshells around me, Michael; we're not at work."

"No, but you're still a co-worker and I want to make sure I act professionally."

"Would it be different if I were a man?" she asked.

I thought about it for a moment, then gave a reluctant nod. "Yeah, probably," I admitted."

"Well, at least you know I'm a woman." Kaitlin replied with a smirk, seeming pleased.

"And not androgynous...?"

Kaitlin's eyes darted up from the table as she gave me a bashful look and blushed. She nodded. "Yeah," she replied in a hush.

An awkward silence fell between me and Kaitlin. I glanced at my watch. It was a little past nine o'clock. It would take us a while to go over the files on my laptop and I wanted to get to bed early so I would be alert for the shoot the next day.

"You ready to go take a look at the presentation I put together?" I asked.

"Yes," she replied.

I paid for our meal, then Kaitlin and I walked to the elevator. I was glad that I had not unpacked or gotten a chance to mess-up my hotel room yet since Kaitlin was in it. Sitting on a desk opposite the bed was the carrying case holding my laptop. I took it out of the case and turned it on. While I was waiting for it to boot I looked inside the mini bar to see what was available in the way of snacks and drinks.

"Want something to eat or drink?" I offered. "We may as well help ourselves, since it's part of the expense account."

"What do they have?" Kaitlin had sat down in front of the computer and was staring at the screen.

"Ahhh... pop... juice... lots of snacks," I told her.

"Nothing stronger than pop or juice?" Kaitlin turned to look at me and furrowed her brow.

Kaitlin's question surprised me, but I took another look to see what they had in the way of booze. "There's some rum, vodka, wine..."

"I'll take the vodka -- unless you want it," she interrupted.

"No, thanks. I'm going for the rum."

I sat the two bottles of liquor on top pf the bar and looked for some mix and glasses. While I was doing that I suddenly heard the unmistakable sounds of a couple having sex coming from my laptop speakers. I froze in terror, then turned towards Kaitlin. She slowly turned her head to give me an astonished look.

"You have porn on your company computer..." she remarked, sounding as shocked as she looked. "I thought that file was your Powerpoint presentation. Sorry."

Since I always traveled with my laptop I kept some porn on it to watch while I was on business trips. I kept it in a folder within My Documents and had never expected Kaitlin to be searching through those files. Even so, the files for the job we were on were in a folder on my Desktop. She must have overlooked it somehow.

The sound of an actress moaning in faux pleasure still filled the room. Instead of finding it erotic I feared that it signaled an end to my career once Kaitlin told Chester about her discovery. 

"The files you're looking for are in My Documents," I said.

I had hoped that Kaitlin would take that as her cue to exit the movie viewer and close the porn scene. Instead, she stared at the screen with rapt attention and a faint smile. 

Now I was more curious about her reaction than aghast, I slowly approached Kaitlin and stood behind her left shoulder. On the computer screen a brunette with big, fake breasts and nails that resembled claws was wildly riding a man with a cock almost as thick as my wrist. Her massive breasts shook and wobbled about as she slammed herself down on his thick meat repeatedly, crying out as she did so -- perhaps in discomfort, I guessed.

"Wow... that looks like it would be more fun than an E-ticket ride at Disneyland," Kaitlin said with a smirk. She turned her head to give me a gave me a quick glance and her eyes darted down to the growing bulge in my jeans for an instant.

Kaitlin was resting her chin on her right fist as she watched the couple on the screen. She was nibbling on her lower lip and running her tongue over it occasionally. Watching her was far more arousing for me than what was playing on my laptop. I noticed that her cheeks had a rosy hue that had not been there earlier. I ran my eyes down and discovered that I could see a hint of cleavage in the front of her dress as she leaned closer to the screen. Her breasts looked far more enticing than the plastic jugs on the actress who was riding Larry The Human Tripod.

Once the video clip was finished Kaitlin closed the movie viewer and opened the folder with the work files. I was relieved, but still anxious about how my erection was bulging out at my jeans. Although I could not measure-up to the actor we had just seen, I knew that if Kaitlin looked down at my crotch she would still realize I was horny.

"That was a pleasant diversion -- now to do some work," Kaitlin said with a giggle.

I pulled the other chair beside the desk closer to Kaitlin and sat down so we could look at the files together. Almost immediately my eyes were drawn to the outline of her hard nipples pushing out at the material of her dress. They appeared thick and I would have given just about anything to have been able to wrap my lips around them and suck hard.

For the next half hour or more Kaitlin and I looked through images and read copy that I had written for the print ads. I found that sitting so close to her while being so horny was distracting and frustrating. I found it difficult to concentrate on work when all I wanted to do was unbutton her dress and fondle Kaitlin. 

"I think I've seen enough to have a good idea what direction you're going in."

When Kaitlin spoke those words I was glad. I wanted to get some sleep, but first I really wanted to jerk off. I nodded in agreement with her and watched as she shut down my computer. She closed the laptop and rested her hands on it, then turned to give me a coy smile.

"Would you mind if I took this to my room... just in case I want to take another look at the copy on those ads -- in case they ask me about it tomorrow?" Kaitlin's eyes met mine and she gave me a sly smile.

"Sure... help yourself," I said, fighting a grin.

Kaitlin picked up the laptop and walked towards the door. I followed her, staring at her ass.

"Want to meet in the lobby around seven for breakfast?" she asked.

"That sounds good. It will leave us plenty of time before we have to be at the studio," I said.

"Good. Have a good night, Michael."

"You too."

I closed the door behind Kaitlin and locked it, then quickly got undressed. My hard cock tented the sheet as I laid in bed. I wrapped my hand around my shaft and began stroking it, thinking about Kaitlin and picturing her in my mind. A few minutes later when the phone on the night stand rang I nearly shot straight out of bed in shock.
