 The next morning we had breakfast and discussed the night we just had. Catherine was glowing and could not thank me enough. Lisa said she never enjoyed sex so much, especially with Catherine. 

After breakfast, we retired to the bedroom and I asked what was next. Lisa said she would ask her husband if he was interested in joining us, if that was ok. I gave my approval, as did Catherine. Lisa said she would go home and talk to him and if he is ok with everything, she would call.

After a morning of fucking the 2 women, Lisa went home and Catherine and I waited. Within the hour the phone rang and it was Lisa. All I heard was Catherine saying ok and then she hung up. She turned to me and said they are coming over this afternoon and her husband Tony said it was ok. We both smiled and I invited her to join me in bed.

It was around 12:00 pm when the doorbell rang. Catherine opened the door and let Lisa and Tony in. They were nude, as we were. Tony was in his 50's, 5'8", about 190, brown hair, brown eyes, completely smooth cock and balls. His cock must have been almost 10 inches long and his balls were as big as tennis balls.

We all went into the living room and chatted. I told Tony who I was and that I was trying to help Catherine in exploring her sexuality.

Lisa told Tony that she had sex with Catherine for the first time last night and it was wonderful. He asked Lisa if I fucked her and she told him yes. He just sat there with a grin on his face.

Then he said, "I am sure Lisa told you and Catherine that I always wanted to fuck Catherine but did not know how to approach it and now it is perfect for all of us."

I then asked Tony if he would like to fuck Catherine now, as Lisa and I watched and played with each other. He said yes, as his cock was getting rigid. I looked at Catherine and she just smiled. 

We all headed to the bedroom.

Catherine and Tony got on the bed and Lisa and I sat on the large chair to watch. 

It wasn't long before Tony's cock was hard and looking for Catherine's slit.

Tony had Catherine on all fours with his large cock pressed against her slit. I could hear her panting hard as she pushed her cunt back to meet his cock. Then Lisa and I watched his cock slide all the way into Catherine's wet cunt.

Soon, Tony was fucking Catherine as her tits swayed back and forth. It was such a beautiful sight. I heard Catherine tell Tony to fuck her harder and faster and he complied. Lisa was yelling encouragement to both of them to fuck. 

Tony yelled out he was cumming and pulled out his huge, swollen cock and rolled Catherine over on her back and shot his cum all over her. It seemed like he would never stop cumming.

Lisa and I rushed over to lap up Tony's cum and then we shared it with Catherine. 

As this was happening, Tony got on top of Lisa and started fucking her. In a few minutes, he shot another load in her cunt. He was something else.

We all laid on the bed exhausted, however, I had one more thing I wanted Catherine to experience later on.

As night rolled around, the four of us were on the bed. I laid on my back and told Catherine to place her ass hole over my cock. As she did, I slowly inserted my cock in her ass until my cock was fully inserted. Then Tony mounted Catherine and slid his big cock in her cunt. Soon, both her holes were filled with cock and she loved it.

That night Catherine experienced more than she did her entire life and could not thank us enough.

I stayed at Catherine's over the weekend where the four of us thoroughly enjoyed each other.

Before the night was over, Tony and I put a show on for the girls. As they watched and played with each other, Tony and I sucked each others cocks and balls until we shot our cum loads all over each other and as our cum was still spurting out, the girls rushed over and lapped up our warm cum.

Tony and Lisa and Catherine are forever together now and Catherine is enjoying her new sexuality and is no longer lonely. 

I still visit Catherine and when I am there, the four of us get together and practically never leave the house. I have a new bi friend in Tony and on occasion, we put on a show for the girls, something we all enjoy.

Once in awhile, Tom slips over to Catherine's and the two fuck the night away, something his mom and dad know nothing about.

Every now and then I speak to Catherine and we talk about her new sex life at the resort and she promised me that the next time I visited her, she would have a big surprise for me.

With that, I said my goodbye and told her that I look forward to my next visit.

Not The End...