 A yearly trip to the gynecologist was never fun. Until the day I met Dr. Creed Savage. I was on the exam table in the little paper gown when he walked in. My mouth fell open. He stood there, all 6 feet and 3 inches of him. He had black hair, shaggy but neat. His eyes seemed almost silver they were so grey. He was GORGEOUS. He was probably 28 at the most. I realized my mouth was gaping open and I shut it quickly.

"Grace, how are you? I'm Dr. Savage."

I gulped. "I'm okay, it's nice to meet you." My voice was a little unsteady. But my god, he was distracting. Well built from what I could tell in the suit he wore. I shook my head slightly. This was a gynecological exam, not speed dating. He looked at me, an amused smirk on his sinfully sexy lips. 

We got on with the exam. He asked me the normal questions and then it was time for the physical exam. "Could you lie back for me?" he asked. 

I nodded carefully and laid back on the table. The stirrups came out and I placed my feet in them. "Scoot your butt down a bit." he instructed. I did as I was told. 

"Alright, let's see what's going on." he said, rolling up the paper gown. God I was nervous. I had done this many times, but this doctor was completely and totally.....fuck-able. I had images of he and I, hot and sweaty, fucking like animals. I shook my head again. 

"Alright, everything looks good." he said, taking off his rubber gloves. My head shot up. 

"It's over? You already---I mean..."

"I wondered why you didn't seem to notice me using the speculum." 

My eyes grew wide. God I hated that thing. But somehow I hadn't even felt it. Hadn't known it was anywhere around me. Stupid fantasies. Or great fantasies. Depending on the way you looked at it.

"So, everything's good?" I said, gulping again. 

"Mhmm," he paused for a minute, and chuckled a bit. "But are you always so wet?"

I felt myself blushing to the roots of my hair. "Um....." was all I could say. 

He chuckled again. "If I wasn't your doctor, I'd do something about it." he said, his voice dropping. 

Was this actually happening???? All I could do was stare at him. 

He shook his head. "I'm sorry, that was out of line."

I laughed. "I'm sure you get plenty of wet patients. Some lucky patient is actually gonna have it take care of." was that me talking??? What the hell was I saying??

He cocked his head. Now it was my time to apologize. I opened my mouth to speak, when I felt his fingers travel up my thigh. 

He looked at me questioningly. "I'm not going to get sued am I?" he asked. 

I could barely breathe. "Not by me..." I said. My voice didn't even sound like my own. 

He smiled and scooted up towards me, his fingers traveling higher. I held my breath as he moved slowly towards my heat. Suddenly, he swept his finger over my clit and I almost flew off the exam table. Biting my lip to keep from making any noise. He looked up at me, smiling. 

God he was so beautiful. He began to move his fingers up and down my slick channel. I was breathing heavily and grabbing my breasts, pinching my nipples through the gown. It felt so fucking good. I saw him dip his head lower and I held my breath again. His tongue swept over my clit quickly and I moaned quietly. He smiled and began licking and sucking. His teeth nipping the overly sensitive bud. 

I was whimpering and writhing against his face, my pleasure growing and growing. He slid his finger inside me and I moaned as he moved it in and out slowly, still devouring me like I was a 5 star dinner. I was beginning to lose control, whimpering quietly, biting my lip. Shivering and writhing around.

Suddenly he stopped and I almost screamed. He stood up and I looked at him. He took off his jacket, and then his shirt. I gazed at his body. Fit and gorgeous. Just as I had imagined. He reached down, undoing his belt and taking off his pants and underwear, leaning down to take off his socks and shoes. I stared at him. His dick was huge. Hard and hot, standing at attention.

"Take off the gown." he said. 

I sat up, taking it off, discarding it on the floor. He smiled at me and my heart raced faster. I saw him reach into the drawer beside him and take out a condom. I watched him put it on, becoming wetter just thinking about him inside me. 

Once the condom was on, he walked over to me, holding himself in his hand. 

I watched as he slowly rubbed the tip against my wetness. I moaned at the sensation. Slowly he began to slide himself into me, his eyes locked on mine. He was huge. It was a tight fit. I felt myself stretch as he pushed slowly. 

I moaned and breathed. It was all I knew to do. Once he was fully inside me, he smiled down at me, leaning down to kiss my neck, moving in and out of me torturously slow. He moved his mouth up to my ear, licking it and I almost came right then and there.  

He sent chills all over my body with that and my nipples hardened even more. He continued the slow strokes, groaning. I was dying. The slowness was excruciating, but in a good way. I felt more sensations then I'd ever felt before. But I needed it faster. Harder. 

I closed my eyes, trying not to scream out at him. I gained control over my voice. "Please, harder...." I whispered. He smiled at me, groaning and he began to pound into me. My breasts bounced, the exam table squeaked, I moaned, he groaned. I felt him getting harder inside me. I felt the extra friction and I whimpered, throwing my head back. I bucked my hips against his, hearing the sounds of our skin slapping together, hearing my wetness. He moved faster and harder, thrusting into me with every little bit of strength that he had. 

We were sweating, his grey eyes glittered with lust, he bit his lip. I saw the veins sticking out in his neck and I knew he was trying hard to hold back. So was I. I sat up on my elbows, raising my pelvis up, my feet still in the stirrups. He pounded, I pounded back, feeling myself falling over the edge. I began to whimper more, whining, moaning, my breath coming in short gasps as we fucked. 

I felt myself begin to cum and it took everything I had not to cry out. I felt his cock expand inside me, and his thrusts slowed down, but stayed just as strong. He growled as he held onto my legs, thrusting inside me a couple more times. I came hard as he came. My internal muscles milking his orgasm. I couldn't think. I couldn't speak. I couldn't even open my eyes. I heard him begin to laugh, his breath still shallow. I opened my eyes and looked at him, he was still inside me, his hands still on my legs. I smiled at him and he leaned down to kiss my forehead. 

He pulled out of me, and we collected ourselves. I slipped the paper gown back on, because my clothes were in the bathroom of the room. He redressed. Nothing was said, but we were both smiling. Finally, when he was dressed he looked at me. "I believe you just became my favorite patient." 

I laughed. "And you're my favorite gynecologist." I said smiling...