 It was 9 pm on the dot. I hopped in my car, started it up and backed out of my driveway, turning on to the road to begin my trip which would end only a few blocks away. This was the third time I had done this; met this man I barely knew but for some reason, had decided that I could not live without. For the second time, I had dressed like he wanted me to; a tight-fitting, low-cut black dress with strappy gold heels. I had done my makeup carefully to make sure I didn't look too eager. 

I was hopelessly devoted to this man, and when I was with him, I was always afraid that at any moment, a glance of rejection might radiate from his crystal blue eyes. After the first time we were together, I felt ashamed of what I had done, after all I had a family of my own. I had promised myself it wouldn't happen again. But the next time he called me, I was drawn in almost instantly just by his voice. It wasn't that easy to let go, even if I knew the consequences. 

*****

We had met at a nearby ice cream shop. I was picking up an order of Double Chocolate Fudge and one of Mint Chocolate Chip to take home. When he entered the store, I looked up and my heart stopped for a moment. He had a magnetic glow that drew me in, and I wasn't the only one, even at that small shop. He was tall and trim, walked with an enticing mix of confident swagger and eager boy, and flashed a wide, sexy grin at the thought of all the smitten ladies checking him out. I couldn't help stalling at the register and glancing his way out of the corner of my eye. It felt like a rash situation at the time, with my chest and neck burning red hot and my clit already tingling, so I decided to take the first step. 

"Hello," I said casually and smiled. I melted instantly when he returned my glance, and I could feel the scornful stares of other women on my back as I claimed the prize. "Hi," he answered. We completed our ice cream transactions and headed toward the door. As we walked out, I could feel my heart breaking when he turned to walk away. "Wait!" I said with desperation in my voice. "I mean, I haven't seen you in our neighborhood before," I tried to maintain myself as I took a few steps in his direction.

I could tell he knew exactly what I was thinking when he walked a few paces toward me. "No, I haven't been here long," he said, and it was now that I noticed his accent. "It's really nice to meet you," he lowered his voice to a deep, resonating tone and extended his hand. I had no idea what else to say. Our palms met and I felt quivers running through my stomach down to my pussy lips. I found myself in auto-pilot as I asked him if he wanted to get a cup of coffee sometime. My life, my home, didn't cross my mind until that point. I justified it to myself; a cup of coffee was nothing. It was less than nothing. I just wanted to get to know him as a friend. Deep in my heart, in a place unaccessible to logic, I knew it was a lot more than that.

It was on that very day of our coffee meeting - just a few days after we had exchanged phone numbers - that we had sex for the first time. Everything went swimmingly over our lattes; we clicked and had a great time. But there was the slightest look on his face that let me know that we felt different things. We were the same age, but at different stations in our lives, and that indescribable something told me that what we had was not going to be orthodox or moral. I didn't care. I laughed when he smiled, I listened intently when he spoke and I took him in carefully; his shorn hair, neatly scruffy beard, his scent of fresh soap, and the way his eyes widened when he was excited. When he picked up his cup, I looked at his hands, which were smooth and strong with long fingers, and I yearned for them to touch my body. Then, when he asked if I wanted to go back to his apartment, I said yes immediately.

Three mind-blowing orgasms later, I laid in his arms running my fingers through his patches of chest hair, even then not fully realizing how I had gotten there. I got up, put my clothes back on, and drove the short distance to my house. Somehow, I managed to avoid everyone as I went straight to the shower and began to cry, not knowing why, as the tears flowed down my cheeks. I honestly thought it was over at that point. I would go back to normal, my family would too, and I would never see him again. That was until he called again, about 2 weeks later.

*****

At about 9:06, I rang the doorbell, waiting on the porch of his apartment building. Everyone says the third time is a charm, and this time was no exception. After the first time, I was overcome with guilt; the second time, I began to let myself enjoy it, and this time, I had already given myself to him mentally. When he opened the door, he greeted me with the smile I loved and pulled me in by the hand as he shut the door behind him. "You look exceptional," he whispered in my ear, kissing my neck. I closed my eyes, succumbing in his arms as he wrapped them fully around me. My thong was already moist. He looked exceptional as well, wearing a small, fitted T-shirt with short sleeves that showed his toned arms, and snug blue jeans emphasizing his long legs and tight ass. 

He led me to the bedroom without saying much, stripped off his shirt, and walked toward me as I sat down on his bed to catch my breath. Our lips met somewhere in the middle, furiously meshed together as if it were our life support. It was dark, and we could only see silhouettes, but by now we were getting used to each other's shape and moved in synch like clockwork. I felt his warm body lean on mine until I was laying down and his mouth broke away from mine. He traced my neck and ear lightly with the tip of his tongue, and progressively became firmer and firmer, licking my neck and making his way down to my chest. Lifting up my head smoothly, he untied my dress behind my neck and slipped it down, exposing my large tits and firm nipples. I wrapped my legs around him, grinding my crotch into his hard boner under his jeans. He stood up at the end of the bed looking down at me, and gently massaged each of my breasts with his hands. His fingers focused on my pert nipples, pinching and rolling them until they rose higher. I moaned and squirmed under his touch. My pussy was burning, aching for attention, but he loved to tease me and make me wait for it. He was enjoying it too; his eyes opened and closed slowly as I continued to rub myself on his jeans. He licked his red-violet colored lips and leaned over, flicking his tongue alternately over my nipples before finally taking each one in his mouth, sucking them firmly. I writhed around helplessly; it felt so good.

Just when I felt like I was going to explode, he stood up, brushed his hands over my tits once more, and pulled my dress completely off. He giggled quietly like a school-boy when he saw my red mesh thong. Gripping my legs, he pulled my body up to his face and I felt his hot mouth cover my wet lips through my panties. He breathed in deeply, taking in my scent. "Please," I begged in a whisper. He laughed again, set me back down on the bed, and slipped off my thong as well as his own jeans. Under his black boxer-briefs, his cock was rock hard. I reached up and rubbed it, stroking it from base to head under the thin fabric, and lightly cupping his balls. He leaned down and kissed my lips, and I fell back onto the bed, knowing what was coming next. 

My pussy was dripping cum now. I felt his tongue on my stomach and he moved further down, slowly spreading my legs and nuzzling my inner thighs with his beard. Then, he picked up his head, gazed at me with his gorgeous eyes, and offered two fingers to my mouth. I parted my lips slightly and he gingerly slipped them inside. I lavished them with my tongue until they were soaking wet. He pulled them out, sliding them across my naked body, bouncing them on my nipples, drawing them closer to my freshly shaved woman parts. Opening my legs once more, I felt his lips on me as his fingers glided into my pussy. I sighed loudly and began to make a lot of noise. His mouth expertly licked, sucked, and teased my clit as his fingers drew in and out of my hole, causing me to drip cum down my ass onto the bed below. The feeling of his stubble on my sensitive pussy was too much to bear. He sensed my excitement, and quickened his pace, running his tongue up and down my pussy lips, flicking my clit, and pushing his fingers against my G spot while they moved in and out. "Oh my God!" I uttered, exploding in orgasm. He slowed his pace, rubbing my swollen lips. I enjoyed the afterglow briefly, then sat up and pulled down his boxers. I was hungry for his cock.

He still stood at the end of the bed as I rose up to my knees, my hands covering his body. I practically devoured his neck, moving down to his chest. I took his throbbing member in my hand as I licked his body, pausing on each of his small nipples and continuing down his taut stomach. I ran my tongue over his belly button, through his short pubes and ended on his dick. His cock was long and thick and perfect. He leaned his head back and ran his hands through my hair, holding onto it delicately, and I went to work on him. I took it in my mouth, slowly at first, tasting it and making sure it was slippery and wet. When I felt him getting harder, I sucked harder, pulling it in and out, lingering on his head. I moved to his thighs - they were firm and thin, but strong - nibbling at his muscles and jerking off his rod. He breathed heavily, rubbing my back. Finally, he raised up my head and practically pounced on top of me. 

I was ready to go again. His cock instantly rammed into my pussy. I squealed from the impact, gripping his back and grabbing his ass as he thrusted in me. He glistened with sweat that smelled sweet and I took a taste from his neck. He pressed his lips hard onto mine and we kissed deeply for several minutes as our bodies rocked back and forth. Then, suddenly, he flipped me over onto my stomach. I laid flat and he entered me from behind, his huge rod rubbing against my engorged pussy and G spot, sending waves of pleasure throughout my body. I held my ass up in the air slightly and gasped in delight as he slapped it firmly. I felt his fingers pinching my clit from underneath. I bounced my body against his cock in response. 

We stopped momentarily when the excitement grew too high and we weren't ready to stop. He laid on his back on the bed and motioned for me to mount him. His cock bounced in the air with anticipation. I leaned over and kissed him again as I climbed on top. I put on a show for him, sitting up straight, and rubbing my tits as I looked him in the eye. I grinded down hard on his dick, each time feeling the electricity streaming through my loins. My wetness covered his member and dripped onto his stomach. We were both worked into a frenzy when he grabbed my hands, holding me down close to him. Our moist bodies melded together and I pumped his cock faster and faster as our breathing got heavier. When I came, I felt hot liquid squirt from my G spot and I collapsed onto him, moaning loudly in his ear. I kept moving my body slowly, as fast as I could muster, and he kept thrusting into me, holding me tightly. A minute later, I felt the goosebumps cover his arms and he came inside me, his chest heaving as his body shook beneath me. Once his breathing subsided, I moved off of him, staying close and laying on his shoulder, taking in his scent. He kissed me sweetly on the forehead before we drifted off for a short nap.

Once we awoke, I got out of bed and re-dressed. That was it; number three. And I couldn't lie; it was amazing. I didn't know how much longer it could go on, but when I left his apartment, he gave me that same look that had melted me all those weeks ago. Even though I knew what we had was definitely wrong, I was firmly entrenched in his web.

I rounded the corner back to my own house, my established life. It was time once again to go about my business as usual. I didn't know if my family knew - at this point it wouldn't be too hard to figure out - and I wasn't sure if I cared after all. As long as he wanted me, I knew I would never be able to help myself.