 Jenny first caught my eye at the gym. It was leg day, for her. She was doing lunges over in the corner with two sets of mirrors coming together, giving herself a good view of her form. And her form was spectacular. 

She is a tiny little thing, maybe 5 foot, 3 inches. Beautiful, silky red hair, falling past her shoulders when not up in her gym-typical pony tail. Her bangs have a wave that compliment her perfectly shaped eyebrows and are long enough to be swept behind her ears. Her pink sports bra contrasts against her pale complexion, holding a generous amount of cleavage for such a small woman. Her black lycra boy shorts seem as they are painted on. The shorts stretch with every lunge, forming perfectly around her tight ass, and its seam tight down her tiny ass crack. Her legs, doing all the work, show how strong she is. She is toned, strong, and confident. 

She is quite the distraction, yet somehow I manage to get back to business doing some bicep curls. I am currently getting ready for my next physique competition; not to be confused with bodybuilding. I'm not a bodybuilder, and I don't use steroids. My carved chest, sculpted shoulders, tight abs are 100% natural. It's arm day for me, but my legs are still sore from the beating they took yesterday. 

I put down my weights and I feel a soft touch on my arm. 

"Excuse me, sir, can I get a spot on the squat rack? You're curling as much weight as I squat so I ought to be safe with you behind me!" a soft, high pitched voice queries. 

As I turn around, there is the spectacular red head I was admiring across the gym. She is now standing right in front of me, the top of her head barely coming to my chest. 

"Well of course!" I reply, "I always practice safe weight lifting."

"My name's Jenny."

"Nice to meet you. My name is Hank."

"Well it's certainly nice to meet you Hank, I don't believe I've seen you here before are you new to the area? From how ripped you are, it certainly seems like you are no stranger to the gym."

"I'm a new member to this gym. I used to workout across town."

"Well I'm glad you're here now to spot me."

Spotting her is the worst form of torture imaginable. Her tight ass in the boyshorts encouraged my cock to strain against my compression shorts under my clothes. I felt drips down my leg, not entirely sure if it was my sweat or precum. She was all focus in her squats. I'm standing there, ready to rescue her, my eyes wandering over every inch of her sweaty body, imagining what that beautiful ass crack tastes like with that river of sweat running down it. Her fiery hair is embracing her neck, pulled forward and out of the way of the squat bar. She is staring at herself in the mirror, focusing on squeezing her ass cheeks together to lift that weight back up. I am staring at her cleavage through the mirror, watching beads of sweat following her contours, between her breasts and into the hidden area of her pink bra. 

Then all of a sudden, it was over. A few sets and pleasantries later, she extends her hand to shake. I am totally blueballed at the squat rack.

"Well Hank, thanks for the spot, I better get going or I'll be late for work. It was nice meeting you!"

"Nice meeting you, too! I hope to see you around, Jenny."

"For sure!", she replies. 

I can't continue to workout, either. My mind is elsewhere. I've had a good pump, but it is time to pump something else. I leave the room of iron and go back to the locker room to release some pressure which I've built up in my shorts. I get to the bathroom stall in the locker room, pull down my shorts, and my compression shorts underneath. So much pressure has build up that my cock springs up from being held down, and launches precum and sweat onto the bathroom wall. I grip my raging hard-on with both hands. With my long and thick cock, I am able to put one hand next to another and still yet have room for almost a third along my shaft.

"I can't go to the naturist camp all worked up," I think to myself. 

With both hands, and thoughts of Jenny, I work myself to an earth shaking orgasm, launching buckets of cum all over myself. I clean myself up. Walk out of the stall and gather my things from my locker. Off to the nudist camp I go. 

I've always been a nudist. But now, that I have a body to be proud of, I like to show it off a little. I love the feeling of being naked all the time, the feeling of my cock and balls swaying in between my legs. I love the feeling of all the eyes around me, knowing they are admiring the gifts I've been given. I love laying out in the sun, knowing I have no tan lines to worry about come competition time. I love the free feeling of the Florida breeze blowing over my sweating body in the heat. I love the feeling of being hairless, everywhere except my head, which is common practice in the body competition world. 

I also love my club. It has a great variety of people. Families, old, young, couples, singles. The membership is large and I know many members, but every time I go, I meet someone I've never seen before. This day at the club was particularly nice. I had a great book, there was great sun, and there were many people enjoying the atmosphere around the pool. I felt I had an extraneous amount of eyes on me this day, after the awesome pump at the gym and increased blood flow to my cock thinking of Jenny all day. 

This is my usual routine with a day of work. Hitting the gym, then hitting the pool at the nudist club. I love my life. 

****

A couple weeks later, here I am enjoying my book, laying out in the sun at the club. I know a lot of people at the club, but this voice I know from elsewhere.

"Hank?! Is that you?!"

I look up to see a perfectly created body, topped off with wavy red hair falling past her shoulders. Behind those aviator sun glasses are some beautiful blue eyes. I've seen them before, through the mirrors next to the squat rack at the gym. 

Her body is perfectly free of hair, like mine, except for the red on her head. Her skin is shiny with sun block, protecting the perfect alabaster skin that is tight in every place. Her breasts are round with small areolas, but long nipples. Her toes are painted a bright pink. 

"Jenny?! What are you doing here?" 

"I am enjoying the beautiful weather the way I was intended to. Looks like great minds think alike!" she says. 

I get up off of my lounge chair to greet her. Her arms extend for a hug, mine reciprocating. I feel her oily, sweaty body squeeze mine. Her arms wrap around my torso, and the side of her face presses against my sweaty chest. My cock, hanging low, but now throbbing, slides against her stomach. 

"It's so great to see you here!" she says. 

"It's great to see you! I never knew you were a member!"

"I've been coming here ever since I was in college," she says.

"I see people here I've never seen before, it seems. Would you please join me? Can I get you a drink?" I ask. 

"Yes and Yes! What have you got?" she replies. 

"I'm drinking Captain Morgan on the rocks, but I can get you something from the pavillion if you'd like something different," I say. 

"Mmmm, Captain. Nice choice. I will have the same," she answers. 

We sit here and sip our drinks and marvel at each others' words. Like me, she has always been a nudist, enjoying the freedom of no clothing. Knowing this is who she is, she knew she had to be committed to being healthy. Eating right and working out right. 

She is a nurse at the hospital not far from our gym. She has a beautiful heart inside of that gorgeous body. We talk for what seems like hours until the sun goes down. Our rum induced buzz has worn off, but I feel the heat radiating off my body indicating I got some sun today. 

"Well Jenny, I've better be going. I've got to get home and get some lotion on my body."

"Yeah, I've better be going, too. I've got an early morning at work, it was so nice seeing you!"

We embrace again, holding each other. Neither one of us seems like we want to let each other go. We peel away, each sticky with sun block and sweat. We pause, locking eyes, each of us thinking about kissing each other. But we aren't there. Yet.

***

Several weeks later, I finally see Jenny again at the gym. This time, she has somewhat of a tan, despite all of her best sun-blocking attempts. She has a bright yellow sports bra on, calling the attention of the whole gym to look at her perfect cleavage. It's shoulder day for her. She is by the dumbbells, staring at herself as she is intently focused on her lat raises. She finishes her set and puts her weights down. She looks up at the mirror and sees me in the reflection. A bright smile shines through the frame made of her flowing red hair. She turns around and throws up her arms.

"Hank!" she shouts across the gym. She does not seem to be one of subtlety.

Jenny scampers over from the free weights, right to me. With open arms she jumps at me, I catch her with one arm, my other hand holding my water bottle. 

"I haven't seen you for, forever it seems!" I manage to get out. 

"I know! My shift changed at work to my schedule has been screwed up. You look great! I see more veins in your shoulders!" she says. 

"I've been hitting it hard. Tanning, too. Not a tan line on me," I say. 

"As it should be, " she replies with a bright smile. 

After a while of, how ya been, and what have you been up to, she says, "Say, what are you doing today, it is Saturday right?"

"Well I was going to brave the crowds at Whole Foods to get my protein and beer and then probably go to the club."

"Oh! I need to go to Whole Foods, too! Hey! How about we go together, and then come on over to my place? I've recently moved. We will grill out some burgers and enjoy the weather. What do ya say?"

How could I resist I will do whatever she wants. "Sounds good to me!"

We finish working out. Each go to our lockers and gather our things. We walk together, out to the parking lot. 

"How about you ride with me? I'll bring you to get your car later," I suggest. 

"Sounds like a plan," says Jenny. 

I look over at her as she hops in my truck. I start it up, and look over at her. In slow motion, she pulls the tie out of her hair and shakes her gorgeous frock, bouncing the brilliant waves of hair from one shoulder to another. I see her smile framed by glossed pink lips and the reflection of the road ahead in her aviators. Her arms lift up, showing her fit abs and torso underneath her yellow sports bra, and runs her fingers through her hair. She crosses her legs and reaches for her sneakers, peeling her shoes off revealing no socks underneath. She pulls out a pair of leather flip flops from her gym bag and slips one on each of her feet, with a thong between her first and second pink painted toe. She is clearly ready to ride. I, however, have a blood filled cock, pulsing against my shorts. 

"Do you know where Whole Foods is?" she asks.

"Um, Yeah. Yeah, I do."

"Ok, then champ, let's go."

Making it through the grocery without exploding cum all over the place was a bit of a surprise. I gather my two typical items, and I am free to watch Jenny shop the rest of the time. I observe that I am not the only one noticing the amazing feat of nature in front of me. While in the checkout lane, I notice the nipples of the MILF at the register harden and noticeably try to poke their way through the polo shirt she wears. For once, it is Jenny causing the commotion at the register, and not my shredded shoulders or veins pulsing in my arms. 

We get back to her place and she jumps out of my truck.

"I'll be right back. I've got to turn off the alarm and let my dog out, " she says.

As she runs inside, I gather the groceries from the truck and walk inside. As I enter, I see Jenny by the sliding glass door in the back of the house, already completely naked, and her sunglasses on top of her head holding her hair back. I am usually comfortable with nudity, but the perfection of her makes me pause as I try to pick my jaw off the floor.

"Just put those in the kitchen. You can put your workout clothes in the washer and I'll start a load," she says. 

I step over her dropped workout gear at the front door and drop off my load of groceries in the kitchen. I step back admiring the perfection of Jenny as she starts to unload the groceries into her cupboards. She extends to reach the high shelves on her tiptoes, flexing her gorgeous leg muscles and showing me how the arches on her feet were even perfect. I lift my shirt over my head, and I see her watching my abs be revealed. I kick off my shoes and strip my shorts. I gather my clothes, and walk over to the front door. As, I close the door, I pick up her damp, sweaty bra and shorts and shove them into the gaping hole of the washer. I step back into the kitchen. 

"Rum or beer?" she asks.

"Rum, please."

She smiles. 

"Hank, there is a shower out back on the patio next to the pool. It's one of the reasons I chose this place. I love it. There is plenty of body wash and an extra loofa. You're welcome to shower up if you'd like."

My mind is racing, my cock, although not fully erect, is plump with blood. Veins are popping out of my arms, shoulders, down from my exposed abs to the base by my balls to the base of the mushroom head of my cock. 

"Yeah, cooling down seems like a good idea," I say. 

"I'll bring your drink out to you in a minute," she says. 

I walk outside with my engorged cock swinging and slapping between my muscular legs. I . shaved last night, ensuring no hair on any inch of my body. I open the sliding door, and I walk out as Jenny's dog jumps back inside. The backyard of her house is gorgeous. She has a large fence around the entire yard, ensuring privacy. There is a pool, reflecting the bright sun into an array of light on the back of her house. Her patio is painted concrete, with shell impressions. There are lounges around the pool. 

The shower is on its own pillar, next to the house. There is a wooden bench next to it. I walk over, turn on the shower and plunge my head under it. The cool water immediately gives me goosebumps, and tightens my skin over my swollen muscles. The cool water does little to subdue the excitement in my groin, except constrict the skin around the veins and muscles, exposing the redness and fullness of my erection. I place both hands on the pillar holding the shower, lean into it, one foot in front of the other. My swollen cock swinging between my legs. The water gets warmer, and I feel the heat of another body behind me. 

Without warning, I feel two hands on either side of my torso, warm flesh pressed up against my ass. I feel a warm touch on my back, they are lips pressed into the fibers of my back. I feel Jenny's hands rub up and down either side of my torso, and her nipples hardening on my back. I feel her breasts slide down my back, her lips and tongue following as she lowers her body. Her hands gently lower down my torso to my hips.

I am still leaning forward, both hands on the shower pillar. I feel her lips kissing the small of my back, her hands on my hips. She must be in that deep squat position I've admired in the gym. Her hands move from my hips to my ass. She begins to spread my cheeks with her hands and her tongue starts making a path from the top of my ass, down my crack, following the water from the shower into the bare, smooth, tanned crack of my ass. 

I feel her tongue exploring the area between my cheeks. Her hands reaching around my waist finding my enlarging cock, growing more firm by the second. I feel her hair, wet, against my ass. I arch my back, gripping the pillar harder, her tongue plays around my asshole, never going in, but continuing lower, to the area between it and my scrotum. Her hands wrap around my legs as she continues to nibble and suck at the base of my scrotum. I remove one hand from the pillar and begin to stroke the end of my cock near the tip. 

She disengages her mouth from under my ass. I hear the wood bench being dragged. I stand up straight and turn around to see Jenny now positioning herself on the bench. I turn the shower off and walk towards her with my swollen cock slapping between my legs. She sits, facing me, gathers her hair around her neck and lays down. She brings her knees up, hands helping them higher and wider. Her bare, wet, pink pussy is completely exposed to me. It looks delicious. Her toes are pointed. She watches me as I approach and get down on my knees. Knowing what is coming next, she drops her jaw and closes her eyes. She lays her head back, arching her petite frame. 

My hands start at her feet and I trace the length of her toned legs with my fingers. My palms widen as they reach the inside of her thighs. I gently lower my face to her enticing pussy, gently kissing all around her gorgeous sex. I gently push my tongue out and start licking her dripping slit. The taste of the juices flowing out of her give me goosebumps and my tongue begs for more. 

I swirl my tongue in slow circles, trying to capture as much of that precious taste that I can. My hands move to the tops of her thighs, pulling her closer to my face now probing her delicious cunt. Her hands are massaging my head, her fingers running through my hair. I feel her feet now pressing firmly into my back, trying to leverage herself to get my tongue in deeper. I look up at her and I catch her piercing blue eyes and her brilliant red hair. Her perfectly erect nipples standing straight up off of her chest. 

"You eat pussy like a pro. I'm going to cum, please keep going! AHHHHHH"

My tongue picks up more speed, her juices flow more freely, lubricating my mouth and face. The smell of her sex keeps my penis plump and dripping with precum. Her breathing grows more rapid, her abdominal muscles tighten until they seem to spasm. I feel the muscles around her vagina tense as my tongue laps up the wetness. 

She lets out a scream, "AHHHHHH! I'm cuming!!" 

As her body trembles and her hands pull on my hair in reflex with the rest of her body tightening. I look up to see her back arched and her ample tits jiggling with each tremor of her orgasm. Drips of sweat are running down her flat abs and down off the sides of her.

All of a sudden, she pulls my head up by the hair as she sits up and locks her still trembling lips to mine. Her tongue now is probing my pussy tasting mouth. Our tongues circle each other's as I share the deliciousness I've collected. My fingers run through her fiery hair with passion and I hold her head as we kiss. 

She breaks the kiss. I open my eyes and lock on to hers. 

"Stand up," she says. 

Without removing my fingers from her drying hair, I stand. My waist is directly at eye level for her sitting on the bench. She moves her head toward my groin, her red hair tickling my legs. I feel her kissing around the bareness of my lower abs. Her tongue traces the veins protruding from my toned abs, acting as a map, guiding her to the base of my penis. She licks and kisses at the base, slowly kissing and sucking her way down my shaft. She lifts my dangling dick with both hands. Her mouth finds the tip of my cock, dripping with slippery precum. 

She opens her mouth wide and looks up at me with her striking eyes as she wraps her soft lips around my cock. 

I begin to moan as her tongue works the most sensitive part of my penis. I am too long and too thick for her to fit much in her mouth. But she is able to get enough in to work her warm, slick tongue over the charged region on my cock. Both of her hands are wrapped tight around my member as she strokes in the rhythm of her talented tongue. 

She continues to look up at me as she sucks. With each pump of her hands, she draws more of my hot, slick precum for her to swallow. She starts to moan, creating a shocking vibrato that takes my pleasure to the next level. She is still looking up at me, watching my faces as it changes with each wave and pulse of pleasure. 
