 The last week of Nudity in Art was a class many of us had been looking forward to. In the syllabus, I had circled this final session many times. The lecture was titled, "Nudity in Modern Media," and bold text beneath it warned of adult content. Students who were not comfortable with viewing pornographic images were advised not to attend.

I've got to admit, at first that lecture was the only reason I signed up for "Nudity in Art." Heck, that was the reason most of the students did. The class satisfied an art history requirement, but most of my friends and I had imagined seeing Sasha Grey or Lexi Belle projected on a big screen in one of those sexy poses they do so well, maybe with a finger between their wet pink lips or around a fat nipple. We were disappointed, then, when the first naked body we saw was 10,000 years old and crudely carved from stone. "This is the mother goddess figure," the professor, an older woman who had three doctorates and no sex drive, intoned. Her voice was flat with a nasal whistle, like a goose with strep. "It has been found in ancient cultures throughout Europe and Asia. Despite its age, you can see the exaggerated breasts and oversized vagina."

This was the first day of class, and all the seats in the lecture hall were filled, mostly with freshmen looking for free porn like myself. At the mention of breasts and vaginas, a good portion of the class started giggling. Were this a smaller class, like the discussion sessions graduate students attend, the giggling might not be noticed. But this lecture hall sat 475 students, and the laughter drowned out the professor's voice. She let out a disgusted sigh. "I was hoping this year would be different, but I can see that most of you came here for one thing."

The professor clicked her remote, and the picture projected onto the massive screen at the front of the lecture hall changed. The new picture evoked a strong reaction from the students- many more giggled, others gasped, and a few cheered. Projected on the screen was a massive version of what most of us beat off to each night: a porn star- I won't name which one- on her hands and knees, her ass pointed towards the camera. She wore a red hairband around her ponytail, and nothing else. With one hand she was spreading her pussy apart, and it glowed pink and glistening on the screen. Her tits hung down, and she had her bright blue eyes wide open and hungry with desire. It was the kind of picture that normally would make me immediately hard. I was blessed with a strong imagination, and I loved to think about what it would feel like to spread her pussy lips apart with my fingers, and slide my cock inside. I could almost hear her throaty groan, the weight of her breast in my hand. And I would wrap that ponytail around one hand, pull her head back as I slid my cock in and out, until it was wet with her pussy juices. I could even imagine those eyes, the way they would stare back at me as she came. But in the middle of over 400 students, I tried to calm my powerful daydream. I thought of food, what I'd had for lunch, math problems, and the Giants game I'd watched the night before. Even still, I could feel my cock stiffening in my jeans.

It didn't help that I had purposefully sat next to a beautiful freshman girl whom I'd seen around campus but never spoken to. She had dark, full hair that framed her perfect face. Her nose was long, but in the way you might see on a Greek goddess. She had deep brown eyes, and the most perfect jawline I had ever seen. Every time I saw her walking to class or from the cafeteria, I ached to graze my hand along the creamy skin of her long neck. And that hair, that hair begged to have my hands sink into it. She wore these loose button-down shirts, men's shirts really, but they looked incredible on her sharp shoulders and her high perky breasts. She usually left the bottom few buttons open, and above her long skirts I could usually glimpse her smooth stomach. Obviously, I had never talked to her. She was far too perfect. I assumed she had a boyfriend, or at least someone she was fucking. He was probably a senior with biceps like grapefruit and a 12-inch cock. He probably fucked her for hours on end while she came over and over, her whole creamy body sweating, her breasts bouncing as she rode his cock. And when he came, after all that fucking, all that pounding of her pussy, her mouth, and probably her ass too, she was probably kinky like that, I imagined she got down on her knees, took his balls in her mouth, and worked her hand up and down his massive shaft until his cum poured out, over her perfect fingers and down her beautiful forearm, into that kissable hollow of her collarbone, dribbling down onto her breasts with their pink nipples like strawberry candy. And I bet she then licked up every drop of cum. I bet she scooped it from her pale neck and her soft palm, and ran her tongue back over his cock to clean it. And then he probably fucked her again. In the ass.

Oh, I had never seen a boyfriend, or a fuckbuddy or anything. But I just knew this girl was too perfect to be single, or interested in me.

So on this first day of class, I saw an empty seat right next to this goddess, and I claimed it as quickly as I could. I thought maybe I could ask her for a pencil (even though I had packed three), or borrow her syllabus (even though I'd printed it out that morning), or somehow get her name. But now I was sitting next to this perfect woman while the professor posted a gaping vagina on the screen, and the only thing on my mind was calculating the possibility of my rock-hard boner splitting my jeans open.

I wish, now, that I had actually paid attention to how she was reacting. I am sure I would have been surprised. Instead, it would take me a whole semester to find out the dirty little secret of my campus angel.

The professor clicked her remote again, and the image changed to a pockmarked stone statue with a Pharaoh's crown and a large erect penis. There were more gasps, another wave of giggling, and a number of guys shouting out their disappointment. "Go back!" one cried.

"I'm sorry," the professor replied, unmoved by the reaction of the students. "But you will be seeing a lot more ancient stone penises than live vaginas in this class. The Egyptians, the Greeks, and the Indians were all obsessed with them." She continued to press her remote, cycling through pictures of stone phalluses on sculptures, buildings, and ancient carvings. A few boo's drifted from the audience. "If you have a problem with what you are seeing," the professor droned in a way that made me think she had given this presentation before, "then I suggest you drop the class. I repeat, this is not a class on pornography."

And by the time that first class was over, about a third of the students had already left. In the weeks to follow, as we studied pictures of nudes in ancient cave drawing, Renaissance portraits, and Greek architecture, more and more students dropped out. Eventually, that massive lecture hall was down to a quarter of its students. And surprisingly, as the class shrank, the professor softened. She had started out completely cold, more like a hesitant babysitter than a teacher, but once she had scared away all of the students she didn't like, her demeanor changed. She would tell stories about her travels around the world during her own college years. When showing new picture of a nude Shiva in an Thai tapestry, she wound up drifting into a story about flying to Angkor Wat with her supervisor, making rubbings of the carvings, and finding statues buried beneath roots and vines. There was a moment when she mentioned her supervisor by name- Nathan- and suddenly her eyes clouded over. She placed a hand on her neck and gazed up at that picture of naked Shiva, all arms and swords and a bright blue penis. She was silent for a moment.

This led me to think that the trip to Angkor Wat involved more than art collection. Looking at my professor lost in memory, I could imagine her as a young woman with skinny limbs, a somewhat flat chest, and mousy brown hair. She probably wore those thick clunky glasses. I can't imagine anyone would have taken a second look at her. But this Nathan, her supervisory, was used to uncovering hidden beauties. Were they in the ruins of an Thai temple when he brushed a spider from her neck, and then kept his hand there? I can see her placing her hand over his, rubbing her fingertips over the back of his hand. She probably kept her face from him, maybe even turned her back to him, but unbuttoned the top of her blouse. Just enough to say yes.

I think I can imagine their lovemaking. What's most likely is that Nathan kissed her neck, barely touching at first, but when she did not object he left a trail of kisses down to her exposed collar. He gently turned her with his broad, calloused hands and kissed the freckles of her breastbone. Her fingers ran over the back of his head, his neck, his shoulders. He continued his tender kisses, like an archaeologist cautiously exploring a buried treasure. Her breathing grew heavier with his kisses, and when her nipples poked through her dust-stained blouse he kissed those too. All the while his hands were exploring her back, feeling the muscles there, running down to her fine ass. When his hands roll over her tense cheeks, she shudders. When he trails a finger down her ass crack, she moans. This is all he needs to hear.

One by one, he unbuttons her blouse. Her chest is slowly exposed. First, that breastbone, and a whole galaxy of freckles are revealed. He kisses every single one. Next, the blouse opens and there are her breasts. Some guys don't like flat-chested chicks, but I think they are beautiful. They never have to wear bras, and their nipples stand straight out, like they are always turned on. And oh, she is turned on. Her nipples are large, her aureolas are broad and brown and he licks around then, raising goosebumps. She thrusts her breasts into his face, and he takes one in a hand and squeezes it while he sucks the other nipple in between his lips. She lets out one single small cry.

Now he kisses down the center of her chest, down to her bellybutton. He licks around the bellybutton, making the tender skin of her stomach quiver, and with his hands he unbuttons her pants. Slowly, almost painfully slowly for her, she who now is all fire and goosebumps, hot but shivering, he pulls down her pants. He kisses her hips, the dimples above her crotch. She has never shaved her pussy, but her bush is as beautiful and untamed as her hair. He kisses all around her pussy, the beautiful indents were her legs meet her hips, the marvelous line above her bush, and down the sides of her pussy lips, all without touching her vagina. He sees a small bead of moisture slip from her pussy lips. He knows she belongs to him.

At this point, I have some trouble imagining how he removes her shoes, her socks, her pants. It's probably a somewhat awkward moment, breaking the momentum of his kisses to untie the laces of her hiking boots. Maybe she just kicks them off. It doesn't matter. Because he has sat her down on an ancient tree trunk, one crawling with vines and dense, wet life, and he has spread apart her legs and he is licking the hell out of her pussy.

She has never been eaten out before. She is on fire.

He runs his tongue from the bottom of her pussy to the top, big dog-like laps, and she can't believe how much this animal behavior is turning her on. She feels like every inch of her skin wants to fly away, but she grips his curly hair in her hands and lets out all this energy in a long and wild moan. He is gripping her thighs, and now he brings his hands inwards, wets his fingers, and spreads apart her pussy lips. She is gleaming. She is dripping pussy juices onto this trunk, onto the moss and wood beneath her. He thrusts his tongue into her pussy, and then wriggles his tongue upwards to her clit. He runs his tongue over her clit, and then circles around it. As he sucks it between his lips, he slides the middle finger of his right hand into her pussy. It is warm and wet and it pulls at his finger. He slides it back and forth until it is soaked. With her clit in his mouth, he slides a second finger into her pussy. She arches her back, calls out with pleasure. A third finger slides in as easily as the first. She is loose and bucking and she wants to cum like she never has before. He keeps licking her clit and sliding his fingers in and out and now his face and the trunk and her thighs are dripping with pussy juices. She grinds her ass into the tree trunk, and her fingernails dig into the back of his head. Her nipples stand out like the domed temples they have been exploring together.

Nathan has always known her as a silent student, one who pays attention but rarely adds to the conversation. If he expected sex, he probably thought she would be silent throughout. But now, her thighs shaking with pleasure, her back arched, her chest heaving, she screams out, "Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me!"

Oh god, he fucks her. She rips the shirt from his chest, unzips his pants, and before he can take off his shoes she has pulled his hips to hers. His cock slides so deep into her pussy that his balls slap her ass. She wraps her long legs around his back and grinds her pussy into him. She is wild. She has taken off her glasses- maybe they fell off, maybe she will never wear them again- and her hair is a great mane of brown curls bouncing around her head. She reaches up and grabs a branch with her hands, lifts herself as he stands and hold her ass. She bounces up and down on his cock, pulling herself to the branch and then sliding back down, fucking him as hard as she can, her whole body electric with pleasure. 

And he now loses himself. Holding her weight in his hands, he buries his face in her tits. He sucks on a nipple, then bites it and she cries out, "YES, YES!" He spreads her ass cheeks apart with his hands, and when she thrusts down on his cock he slides one finger, still slick with pussy juices, into her asshole. She cannot believe how good this feels. He is fucking her pussy with his cock, her ass with his finger. She kisses him, and he fucks her mouth with his tongue, sliding it in and out as she bounces on him.

Finally, she unwraps her legs from his hips, slides away from him. They stand bare inches apart, panting, sweating, his cock hard as stone, her nipples red and glistening with saliva. He steps closer to her. Tenderly again, almost as if he had never undressed her at all, he takes her shoulders and turns her around. She is looking now over Angkor Wat, that vast temple buried in roots, trees grown between its stones. He kisses her neck, runs his hands down her naked body. She shivers. Nathan gently pressed against her upper back, and she bends down and places her hands on the tree trunk. She feels his fingers sliding down, spreading her pussy apart. She feels the head of his cock press between her pussy lips. She feels him slowly slide into her pussy.

She whispers. "Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me..." It is a chant like one that Thai priests must have filled the temple with. But now she is praying to him to make her cum. "Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me," she groans, louder now. And he does. He slides his cock in and out of her, faster now, his hips smacking into her ass, making her chest shake, her shallow breasts quiver. She grips the tree trunk, her fingers sink into the soft bark. She yells now, "FUCK ME! FUCK ME! FUCK ME!"

Nathan grabs her hips and thrusts his cock over and over into her pussy. Her pussy juices fly out, splash against his thighs, her ass, his balls. She is making a sound beyond words, and he knows she is going to cum. He licks one of his fingers, starts rubbing her clit while he fucks her, while he slams his cock deep into her pussy. She screams. "I'M CUMMING! I'M CUMMING! OH JESUS I'M CUMMING!" And suddenly her whole body is shaking, she is possessed, she cries out words beyond language, her eyes roll back and Nathan's cock now splashes into her pussy. She is wetter than any woman he has ever fucked. Her knees buckle, and she leans her legs against the tree trunk. She lowers her belly to the bark, presses her tits against it. She is panting heavily through a beautifully smiling mouth.

She looks at him over her shoulder. She asks if he came.

Nathan shakes his head. "Not yet." His cock is still buried in her wet pussy, and he feels as if he could fuck her for days. But she reaches back and gently slides his cock out. She strokes it, almost absentmindedly, as she sighs and giggles happily. "I love you, Nathan," she says. He is shaking with the pleasure of her touch. She raises her hand to her lips, licks her fingers. "Oh, I've gotten you all wet."

Nathan cannot reply. He is entranced by her beauty, her perfect skin laid out over this ancient tree. Her back is freckled, and he follows the line of her spine from her skinny neck to her tight ass. She lifts herself off of the trunk, but does not stand. Instead, she presses her ass towards his cock. His dick slides between her checks, and she grinds her ass against his shaft. He sees that with one hand she is pinching and massaging one of her breasts. She bites her lip. "I'm still turned on," she gasps.

Nathan slides a hand around her hip, reaches again for her pussy. But she shakes her head. "No," she says. "I want you to fuck me here." And she reaches back with both her hands and spreads her ass cheeks apart. She moans, "I want you to cum in my asshole."

Nathan's cock is slick with pussy juices. He brings the large purple head of his dick to her rosy asshole. He presses in, and his cock slides into her ass. He whole body shudders. "Oh, Nathan..." she groans. "Oh god, that feels so..." She gasps. He sees she is furiously rubbing her clit. "Oh, fuck my ass Nathan. Fuck my asshole."

Nathan grabs her hips and slowly slides his cock deeper into her ass. When he feels he can go no further, he slides almost all the way out. Then in again. Her asshole is warm and so tight, gripping his cock. Every time she moves, it squeezes him. He can't stand the pleasure of it- he brings an open hand down hard on her ass cheek, leaving a bright red mark. "YES!" she screams. "FUCK MY ASS, NATHAN!" And now she is screaming constantly, she is cumming again, bucking against his rock-hard cock.

He hardly has to move as she slides her ass up and down his dick, her asshole squeezing him, and suddenly his balls tighten and he explodes. He feels as if gallons of cum are emptying into her asshole, and he shouts out as he cums and she shudders, and they are cumming together. He cries out her name over and over as he keeps fucking her, and with every thrust he cums more. He sees with pleasure that cum is leaking from her asshole around his cock, dripping down to her pussy, and that she is rubbing that cum onto her clit and climaxing again and again. They shake together, give out a final cry, and collapse onto the log. The last thing he does is kiss her neck one last time.

At least, that's how I imagine it happened. Who knows, it might have just been a kiss!

But do you see my problem? This sort of erotic vision takes over my mind often enough in daily life. In a class where we look at nothing but nudes? You must think I was crazy to take this class.

Well, when half the class left on that first day, I was tempted to leave as well. But there were a number of reasons that I stayed.

First off, the class wound up being pretty interesting! I have always enjoyed art, but seeing all these naked bodies in ancient sculptures and paintings made me think that modern art is actually quite prudish! What I remembered from the professor's lectures proved to be useful whenever I visited a museum or art gallery. I always had a titillating historical detail to add to any conversation about art.
