 It's interesting that we have a term for being naked that is "in the nude". This implies that nudity is as much a place as a state of being. "Nude" has a more artistic ring to it than "naked". "I photograph naked women for a living" vs. "I photograph nude women for a living" have very different rings to it. So do "I went over to his house, and he was naked when he opened the door" vs. "and he was nude when he opened the door". "Nude" implies something more natural, more casual, and more sophisticated.

A few years ago good female friend of mine and I were having a discussion about nudity while watching a recent movie where the female lead, an up and coming starlet, bares her breasts for several seconds in the film. My friend immediately proclaimed "Now that wasn't necessary. They just stuck that in there to get horny guys to go see the movie." I agreed that in this particular film it was a bit gratuitous. This particular film went to great lengths to cover the man's naked body, including his genitals and buttocks, while her butt and breasts were exposed for several seconds.

"There's such a double standard" my friend went on. "You see women naked in movies all the time, but hardly any guys."

"Well, you really only see tits in most R rated movies, Mandy" I said, "and a lot of movies do show male asses."

"True, but I bet if you counted there would be more beaver shots than male full frontal nudity."

"I'm not sure what our culture's hang-up is about nudity anyways," I said. "We treat nudity like its some huge thing. Like we don't know what it looks like underneath anyways.

"Well I blame men," Mandy retorted. "You over sexualize the sight of a naked woman. Women can't even breast feed in public because American men have over sexualized the naked female breast."

"You have a point. But if I was naked right now, you'd think about sex too. So it's not just a guy thing."

"Oh would I?" She asked, a bit of a grin on her face. "I bet you you're wrong. You could be buck naked, balls to the wind and I wouldn't think about sex."

"How can we prove it though? If I was the one looking at you naked, I would show obvious signs of physical arousal. But I admit that the sight of you naked would do that to me."

She actually blushed when I said that. "You trust me, right?" She finally asked. "I promise I'll be honest." I was surprised she'd taken it this far.

Though we often talked about sex, and ccasionally flirted, this was the most direct we'd ever been. Then again, supposedly it wasn't about sex. "Ok, sure. But what are the stakes?"

She thought for a moment. "Me." She said quietly. I looked at her with a slightly puzzled look.

"If you take off your clothes and I can't go say... 10 minutes without thinking about sex, then I will give you a blowjob, or whatever else you want me to do to get you off. No sex though, but you can undress me."

"And if you don't?"

"You have to buy me dinner. Anywhere I choose."

"Deal" I said, and we shook on it.

"So what, should we do it right here?" We were in my apartment's living room, alone. "Should we set up a stopwatch or something?"

She giggled. "There's a clock on the VCR. Time starts when your "unit" comes into view."

I stood up and took off my shirt. Mandy and I had gone to the beach with a group of friends, so it's not like that was anything new to her.

Unfortunately, she was still giggling. Not necessarily at me, but at the situation. And knowing what I know about women, if they're giggling they aren't going to get turned on. "You're not taking this seriously." I said.

"Was that part of the bet?" She asked innocently. I unzipped my pants slowly, extending the time before time started as much as I could. I made sure not to be obvious that I was doing a bit of a striptease, but merely took my time undressing, moving quite slowly and gracefully.

My cock was about half erect in my boxers, which was ideal. It gave her a hint of what was underneath, and would look impressive when it came into view, and then inflated to its erect state.

"Ready?" I asked. She nodded, now serious, staring at me intently. I slid my boxers down, revealing my cock to her. I saw her eyes bulge out a bit, and her body physically reacted. I figured that within 15 seconds, the bet would be mine.

I stood there, naked for a moment, cock still half hard. Then I slowly turned around, showing her my ass. I looked at her again when I was facing her once more. Her eyes were glued to my dick. I imagined her lips wrapped around it, which made it swell up with blood. I'm a rather large guy, and I could tell that I was one of the biggest she'd ever seen.

"So?" I asked. She looked up, her trance broken. She looked slightly ashamed, and looked away. "You won" she said, almost a whisper. Then, she looked at me again, a slightly wicked gleam in her eyes. She got off the couch, crawled over to where I was standing, and grabbed my cock.

Her touch felt wonderful on me. Without hesitation she lifted her mouth to my swollen member and enveloped it with her warm wet lips. I love standing over a woman while she gives me head. There's something very powerful about that position to me, especially if she's on her knees.

I let her suck on me like that for a while. She was decent, but obviously not used to someone with my control, nor size. She sucked me rapidly, perhaps hoping to finish the bet quickly.

"Mandy" I said, and she looked up, cheeks still stuffed with my manhood. "Hold on a sec." She released my dick with a pop. "You said however I wanted to get off, as long as it wasn't sex. I want to give you a pearl necklace." She looked a bit confused. "I want to put my dick between your breasts and fuck them until I come on your neck... a string of pearls?" She laughed, and the tension of the previous moment was broken.

"Men." She said. "You see something in a porn movie and suddenly you want to do it with every girl you're with!" However her smile betrayed at least amusement at the suggestion.

Mandy is a great looking young woman. She's 23 and 5'9", with shoulder length blond hair, which usually is in the perfect state where it looks neat, yet still a bit wild. Her chest is quite impressive, probably a 36D, and is one of her biggest assets in attracting guys. Of course, one of her criteria for dating a man is if he can look her in the eyes when he speaks to her. She doesn't mind if she catches him looking down her shirt now and then, but she wants a man who dates her, not her tits. She has a nice face, though her smile often seems more sarcastic than anything. Her eyes are a beautiful shade of emerald, and are typically the second thing a guy notices about her.

She's not exactly into working out, though she eats healthy. The end result is she's got a little padding on her butt and thighs, but she can still wear a bikini with confidence. She's rather soft all over, giving her a very feminine look. She generally wears light make-up with skirts and blouses, and if you were just to see her across a room you might think she was a girly-girl.

But Mandy grew up with 3 older brothers. She really has a man's sense of humor, despite being a staunch feminist. Most of her friends are guys, though she rarely dates her friends. Mandy always seems to attract incredibly good looking assholes. They are sweet to her for a few months, until they get tired of fucking her, at which point their true colors come through. Mandy is strongly against the double standard to sexual behavior, so when she's attracted to a guy, she usually fucks him early in the relationship. She's shot down enough guys not to be considered easy though. I had often dreamed of getting with her in the past, but the timing had never been right. She had been dating Ben for the past 5 months, and while I had been single most of them, I had broken up with a girl I'd been dating for almost a year just after she started seeing Ben.

I had sat on the couch and told Mandy to undress for me. I was now looking at her naked form as she had mine, but I didn't have to try to control my arousal. I was amazed when she pulled down her tiny black Victoria's secret panties to reveal that she didn't have a single pubic hair on her pussy. Mandy was a baldie.

She looked a bit uncomfortable. "Ben liked it... so I waxed it. I guess I've just gotten used to it, and when I do hook up with a guy, they usually like it." She was now looking down at me, as I had crawled over from the couch between her legs. "May I?" I asked, indicating my desire to lick her.

"Please do" She said with a bit of a smile. I've never been able to resist licking a bald pussy. I know that some men and many women think it looks pre-pubescent, and that any man who likes that look is a pervert. But I like my women smooth. I believe in equality of the sexes, but if I met a beautiful woman who didn't shave her legs or armpits, I probably wouldn't sleep with her. For me, the pussy is just one more area of hair that can be done without. I love seeing a woman's genitals - you can't really get a good look when there is hair there. And I hate getting pubic hairs in my mouth when I go down on a girl. Landing strips and short trims usually are good enough to prevent this, but I'll always have a special place in my mind for baldies. I was showing Mandy just what I thought of her bald pussy with my tongue. I could tell I was having the intended effect, because her hands were caressing my hair and I had to help support her with my hands. Her pussy was gushing juices. I had her lay down and spread her legs wide, and after about 10 more minutes of licking, she spasmed in an intense orgasm.

When she recovered a bit she said "aren't YOU the one who won the bet?"

"I'm going to claim my prize right now" I said with a big grin. I straddled her torso, my big cock between her ample tits. Having obviously done this a time or two before, Mandy pushed her tits together for me, creating a nice tunnel of flesh. "Wow, you're a lot bigger than Ben." She said. I can definitely tell the difference. He loved doing this to me, and... wow!"

I had started thrusting a bit, and my cock head had popped through her breast flesh so that she had seen a glimpse of my head poking through. I started pushing it harder, so that more of it poked through and for a longer period of time. The third time she was ready for it, and darted her tongue out to lick the tip of it.

Licking her pussy had gotten me worked up, and fucking her tits was divine. I couldn't hold out any longer.

"Ready for your necklace?" I asked, and she nodded. I started fucking her tits hard, and felt my orgasm build. With one powerful thrust, I popped my cock through and exploded, shooting my load onto her neck. She jumped back a bit as the spurts came out, but as it turned into a dribble that dripped down she stuck her tongue out to lick the tip of my dick and capture the taste of my seed.

We didn't say much, and eventually she got up and took her clothes into my bathroom to clean up. I put mine back on, and she emerged perfectly put together, with no sign of what we had just done. She walked over to me, and kissed my cheek. "God James, I bet you're an amazing fuck. Too bad we'll never do it."

"What... why?"

"I love you as a friend. But you're not really my type. I suppose you've seen my type in action, and it shouldn't be my type. But I'm attracted to that whole great looking, driven in business, cocky sort of guy. You're cute, sweet, and a lot of fun. If we fuck, it's going to ruin our friendship, and I won't have that."

"but..."

"BUT... since we've already done this... and it seems our friendship isn't ruined... there's no reason we couldn't do this sort of thing again sometime. We shouldn't do it too much, but whenever we're both in the mood... At least until one of us finds a steady lover."

We shook on it, and the next couple months we would get each other off about once a week. She stuck to the deal of anything as long as it wasn't sex (she said that included anal). So one week she got me off with a straight blow job, swallowing my whole load, and the next I slid it between her ass cheeks and shot onto her back. The next time she gave me a wonderful hour long hand job while watching a movie, and the next I gave her a facial after another tit-fuck. I wasn't the only one having fun, as she got off from my hands, tongue and toys.

It was an interesting experience for me. I felt very satisfied at the end of our encounters, yet we never "had sex". If she had been a virgin when we started, she would have still been one 7 weeks later when I met Chloe and started dating her. We did practice unprotected oral sex, but the risks involved with oral for STDs are a lot less than with intercourse.

Mandy and I haven't both been single at the same time since then. But it was a great 7 weeks. We live in different cities now, but who knows about the future? We're still fantastic friends, and no one else knows what we did together.