 I would like to thank TinCup6074 for his ever helpful comments and editing prowess. If you enjoy this story please check out my previous work under kgb1979. Thanks for reading!

*

The nurse stood quietly next to the bed. She rested her hand on the plastic railing and wondered to herself "Am I really considering this?" She had heard this story before and had not once thought about helping the man who was telling it. Why was this guy any different?

Walt was in his fifties but he could have easily passed himself off as a man just entering his forties. He was definitely handsome, she had to admit that, but some of the other guys had been handsome too. That wasn't what was different about Walt. He was charming and out of all the men who had tried this before he was the first one she believed.

"So?" he asked. "Will you help me?"

Nurse Callaway started. She had drifted away, deep in thought. Sure she had fucked patients before, who hadn't? Well that wasn't a fair question. There were plenty of nurses she was sure hadn't, she was not one of them. What she hadn't done, however, was fuck a patient in the hospital and certainly not one that was still recovering from surgery.

"Walt, I can't talk about this anymore tonight. I am off in a couple of hours and I've got three more patients to see before shift change. I will make you a deal. If I am assigned to you tomorrow I will consider it."

"I can deal with that, it's a start. Please think about what I said. Nurse, I swear I can't live like this. I'd rather be dead than unable to fuck!"

"Calm down Walt. There are lots of options to deal with ED. It's not the end of the world. I need to get going. Can I get you anything else?" she asked.

"How bout a kiss?" he grinned mischievously. He knew she wouldn't kiss him but he loved to see her smile. Plus, it didn't hurt to try.

"How about you kiss my ass?"

Katie knew before she finished the sentence her choice of words were a mistake.

Walt's eyes twinkled as he leaned forward and met her gaze. He wanted her to know that he was completely serious when he said in a hushed tone, "Get a little closer and I will kiss more than that. I would love to feel you squirm under my tongue."  

Katie's stomach caught fire. In her mind's eye she saw his face between her legs—his dark hair, peppered with grey around his temples, dark eyes that laughed and his smile—she was getting wet. She fought the urge to shut the door and give in to him. Instead she smiled and said "Keep dreaming Walt," as she walked into the hallway.

The following morning Katie arrived at the hospital at around 6:30. She put her purse in her locker and pulled out the lanyard with her name badge. She slipped it around her neck. She walked down to the nurse's station, ready to start the day.

"Good morning Walt. How's your foot doing this morning?"

He hit the mute button on the remote and smiled. "Looks like I am a lucky man."

"Sure does," Katie replied. She hoped that she could get through this med pass and wound check without him bringing up his request. She knew it was a long shot, but maybe he had realized he was putting her in a bad spot and would stop asking.

"Lemme see your arm", she said. She matched his wristband to the numbers on her computer and handed him the little plastic cup with two pills in it. "Are you in any pain?"

"A little", Walt replied. "Nothing major though, and no, I don't want any pain meds."

"Okay, but promise me you will let me know if it gets to be too much. I can give you a high dose ibuprofen which is non-narcotic but will still take the edge off."

"Thanks Nurse. My foot is fine. What I would rather talk about is whether you have given any more thought to my proposal."

"So much for that!" If she was being honest with herself she would love to fuck him, but he was a patient and that made the situation much more complicated than it would have been outside the hospital. If she got caught she could lose her license and she would most certainly lose her job; although the hospital was seriously under staffed so they might let her off with a warning.

"Walt, you know I can't help you. I am really sorry but I could lose my job, my nursing license, everything I have worked so hard for. It's just not worth it. I wish I could help you, I just can't."

"I understand why you're hesitant, but I have already worked it out. I have been in this bed for over a week. I have the schedule of everyone on this floor memorized and know the perfect time to do it. I am certain no one would be the wiser. Plus I have not been able to get an erection for almost a year so really you probably have nothing to worry about. I mean, we can't really have sex if I can't even get it up."

How could she have been so dumb! She hadn't thought about that. If she believed his story that he was impotent and had been unsuccessful during his dozens of other attempts there really wasn't a huge risk. Hmmm, that definitely put a different spin on the situation.

"When is this so called "perfect" time?" she asked raising her eyebrows and using her hands to form the " " around perfect. As he explained she pulled over the rolling table with the supplies for changing the dressing on his sutures and began carefully pulling off the tape.

"At 9:30, in about an hour. At that time the physical therapists take at least half the patients on this floor to the gym and the CNA for this section goes on break. Every single day for the last week I have paid close attention to the comings and goings between the time the nurses come on and about 1 p.m.—after that there are way too many people between doctors, nursing staff and housekeeping. Between 9:30 a.m. and 10:15 not one person has passed my door this past week, except once and that was you on Tuesday. If you are already here there is no risk, or very little anyway."

Katie was now taping on the new dressing. When she finished she used her foot to pull the garbage can closer and began cleaning up her mess.

"We will see. Let me go check in on my other patients and I will think about it. I will be back about 9:45 and I will give you a definite answer then, ok?"

"Ok", he answered. After a slight pause he said "I swear you have got to be the most beautiful woman I have ever seen. I have come to believe that if you can't get me hard, no one ever will. I fantasize about those pouty lips wrapped around my shaft, about feeling the slickness of your tongue rubbing at the seam on the underside, about squeezing your tits in my hands. I don't ever get much farther than that because I get so angry at my body for not responding to those thoughts of you," he smiled ruefully. "This is my last shot. Please help me."

The last part was more of a question but Katie didn't have an answer. She needed to get out of there. The more she listened to Walt the more she wanted to kiss his mouth and feel his hands on her body. Her nipples were rock hard and she resisted the urge to move her hand to her breast. Instead she picked up her scissors and put them in the pocket of her scrub top. "I'll see you after awhile Walt, try to get some rest. All this worrying about your sexual ability isn't good for you. Is there anything I can get you?"

"Nah. I will see you at 9:45, Katie. Thanks for the foot," he smiled and she felt her defenses slip a little further. "This is ludicrous!" she thought.

For the next hour she moved steadily back and forth between a certain yes and a definite no as she tended to her other patients. When 9:45 rolled around she scolded herself. She tried to remember what the last patient had asked her for as she had left her room. She couldn't quite put her finger on the request. She didn't think she had heard more than a few words the woman had said. She was so caught up in her own thoughts everything else seemed unimportant. She sighed in exasperation. Walt was really getting to her. She admitted that she was definitely attracted to him. She found herself hoping that she could make him hard, that he would be well endowed and well versed in the ways of love making. "Here goes nothing," she thought.

It was 10 minutes to 10 o'clock when she pushed back through Walt's door. She felt a twinge of disappointment when she saw that Walt was sleeping. She thought about making some kind of noise to wake him up but decided she had better just get back to work; it was probably for the best anyway. As she turned to go Walt spoke up, "You made it."

"Oh!" she said, surprised. "I thought you were asleep."

"Nope. I was praying. I asked God to help you make up your mind."

Katie laughed, she couldn't help it. "Do you think God wants me to violate all kinds of rules so you can get a hard on and a piece of ass? That's hilarious! I wonder what the hospital Pastor would think about that?"

"My God is a lot less judgmental than the usual God is. He wants me to fuck your brains out, I am sure of it. Mainly because he wants me to be happy and right now there's nothing in the world that would make me happier. Anyway, have you made up your mind?"

"Yeah. I guess I have," she pushed the button on the door handle to lock it. She drew the curtain so that the bed would be shielded if someone happened to peep in the window on the upper half of the hospital room door.

"Oh, girl, thank you so much!! I can't even begin to tell you how much this means to me. Thank you!" Walt continued to gush until Katie came back over to the hospital bed and lowered the railing. Walt began to lower the head of the bed and Katie stopped him. "Leave it up and take off your gown."

Walt smiled, "Yes ma'am."

Katie's long blonde hair was held up in a jaw clip that looked like a wooden flower. She reached up and took it down allowing her hair to fall down her back. She shook her head slightly and ran her fingers through the ends to untangle it. She slipped out of her navy blue Crocs and then pulled her scrub top up over her head. It was white with outlines of big blue and purple hibiscus flowers printed all over it. The bottoms were plain blue. She untied the drawstring and let them fall to the floor before she stepped out of them. She left them there on the floor at the edge of the bed so they were easily accessible if someone were to come looking for her.

Walt's mouth hung open. This was better than he could have imagined. Katie was smoking hot! She stood in front of him wearing sexy lingerie that finally confirmed what he already suspected, she had a fantastic body. He smiled to see a tiny four-leaf clover tattooed a little to the left and about an inch below her navel. Her bra was cream colored satin with a black lace overlay across the bottom of both cups. Her tits were spilling out the middle and he wanted badly to touch her. She stood motionless as Walt leaned over and kissed her sculpted stomach. He pulled her closer and tucked his hand inside of her bra squeezing her breast. Her panties matched the bra with cream stain crotch and black lace across the top. He could see they were thongs and he reached down and cupped her bare ass. He caressed her smooth skin and he pulled her in toward the bed. She leaned in and kissed him, lightly at first, getting to know the lay of his mouth. She parted her full lips and let his tongue enter her mouth. He withdrew his hand from her bra and reached around and unhooked the clasp. Katie shrugged her shoulders and let it fall. She dropped it onto her scrubs.

Katie sat naked with one knee on the bed, letting her other leg dangle off the side. She ran her fingers through Walt's hair as she kissed him more passionately. Walt used both hands to play with Katie's nipples. He grabbed one nipple in each thumb and forefinger and pulled on them. Katie gasped around his mouth. She pulled back and smiled as she reached down and pulled the sheet back a little bit. "Anything yet?" she asked him.

"Not yet." Walt answered sounding unaffected.

Katie was shocked at what she saw. Walt was hung like a horse! "I could get off on that hard or not!"

Walt chuckled when he saw her widened eyes.

"Didn't I tell you about that?"

"Um, no! Jesus, Walt, that thing is huge!"

"Yeah...too bad it doesn't work!" he replied, somewhat dejected.

"We'll see about that." Katie climbed the rest of the way onto the bed. She rested on her knees and then sat back on her feet. She leaned in and kissed Walt again and then leaned across him to the other bed rail and pressed the button that lowered the head of the bed.

"I just want you to lay back and relax. Don't think about anything but the way my mouth feels on your body." She only wanted to stretch him out a bit. If this worked she wanted him facing her when she eventually climbed on top of him and let that monster invade her body.

"Listen to me." She grabbed his head and locked her icy blue eyes on his deep brown ones. "I don't expect anything from you. If this doesn't work I'm going to spread my legs across your face and make you eat me til I cum anyway. That means no matter what you cannot fail. So get it out of your mind. Got it?"

Walt grabbed the back of her head and kissed her hard. He sucked her bottom lip as he massaged her breast, wanting her more than anything. When he let her go she smiled and kissed him again. She then moved down to his chest licking his nipples one at a time and then further down she softly bit his side. He sucked in his breath and she knew they were getting somewhere.

Walt settled back and closed his eyes. This was going to better than he could have imagined. He didn't feel one iota of guilt for his little white lie. Nurse Callaway wanted this just as much as he did. Besides, what she didn't know wouldn't hurt her.

Katie worked slowly toward the prize kissing and licking and occasionally biting as she traversed Walt's abdomen. She kissed the flat spot where his groin began and moved down his thigh. Walt moved his leg hoping to rush her but this only prolonged the suffering. Katie picked up his leg and pushed it out away from his body, giving her greater access to his cock and balls. She pushed his knee up towards his body and then off to the side.

"Yow! I am not that flexible!"

Katie just smiled and let him move it down a little bit. She let his left leg remain straight but she moved it over so she could kneel between his legs. She ran her fingers ever so softly down his right thigh. On the up stroke she pressed her hand into the bend of his thigh and used her right hand to gather her hair into a twist so it would stay out of her face. Finally she dipped her head in towards his balls and gave Walt what he had been waiting for.

She sucked his velvety sack into her mouth and then one at a time gently sucked each of his balls singly into her mouth. She rolled them around before moving to the next. "Yes!" she silently proclaimed as she felt his cock begin to fill with blood. Happily, it never occurred to Katie that Walt may have been lying. She truly believed that his desire for her had overcome his physical affliction—which she suspected had started out as a result of too much stress and had eventually been compounded by one or two failed attempts at sex, until the problem had become much bigger than it really was. "Not anymore," she thought. "I have cured him."

Katie had been somewhat promiscuous in her late teens and early 20's so she had seen quite a few dicks in her life. She was pretty sure, however, that Walt's was the biggest of them all. There was one that may have been about the same size but being face to face with Walt's gargantuan cock now made it hard to know for sure. She was thankful for a weak gag reflex, otherwise she wasn't sure she would even be able to get a third of him into her mouth. She closed her eyes and focused on the job at hand. She sat up higher on her knees and opened wide. Slowly she slid her mouth down onto the head and sucked her way back off. She wanted Walt to be rock-fucking-hard before things start moving towards sex and that meant she needed to play with him a bit.

She turned her blue eyes up toward Walt's face. She was pleased to see the glazed look in his eyes. She rose up and stretched her body out until she was on her hands and knees. She never took her mouth off of Walt's cock as she moved keeping her eyes focused on him. She parted her long toned legs and pointed her ass toward the air. She surprised herself by wishing there was someone else in the room—that smoldering doctor on the fourth floor would be superb—to play with her pussy from behind. She had never had a threesome but at this moment if another man had pushed into her from behind she would not have protested. "Maybe another time" she thought.

As if he read her mind Walt clenched his butt and tried to push further into her mouth. "You little slut", he said in a voice thick with desire.

That brought Katie out of her daydream and with a sudden force she jammed her mouth down on his swollen shaft. It was a little over halfway into her mouth and she thought that was probably as far as it was going to get. She pushed harder and tried to swallow a little more. Walt moaned as her throat closed on the head of his dick. It had been a long time since a woman had gotten that much of his cock into her mouth, he was definitely impressed. God she felt good. He wanted to get her ass up by his mouth so he could get her nice and wet.

Katie kept a tight grip on the base of his cock, jacking him off as she bobbed up and down. She had found a rhythm now and was thrilled that she could see veins standing out along the shaft and feel the blood pumping through them. He was definitely erect. She reached down and caressed his sack and then gently massaged the flat spot between his scrotum and anus. Walt groaned and slowly flexed his ass toward her. "Damn that's good," he reached down and put a hand on her side. "Turn around here," she stopped what she was doing, looking confused.

"Huh?" she said. The sound was muffled by the cock in her mouth.

Walt leaned down and put his hand on her flat stomach and tugged her towards him. "Gimme that pussy," he demanded.

She slid her mouth off his dick and smiled shyly, "Oh."

She sat up straight and Walt had a sudden and intense urge to fuck her. He was tired of this game. He was going to break her. For a second Katie was scared by what she saw on Walt's face. It looked like he wanted to kill her. She backed up and the bottom of her feet hit the footboard behind her. Then she saw what Walt meant to do. It wasn't rage it was pure unadulterated desire on his face. His eyes burned with a frenzied hunger. He meant to take her and she felt excitement shoot through her body.  

Walt bent forward and grabbed Katie's legs. At the same time he rose up on his knees ignoring the pain that shot through his foot as he did so. He pulled Katie toward his body on the little bed. There was little room for movement and more than once he felt that he might fall off as he got turned around.

Walt bent Katie's knees and pushed them in towards her breasts. He at least had enough wits about him to know that if he went at it all at once he would hurt her. He had been living with the leviathan between his legs long enough to know there were very few women that were loose enough to take him on the first stroke without damage to their jewel box.

He spread Katie's legs to give himself a better view of her dripping pussy. She was definitely wet and looking down at his pounding cock waiting at the entrance he was hit with that feeling again. It wasn't as intense as it had been a second ago but he had to work hard to stop himself from ramming his cock into her. Katie had a brief second to wonder if he would fit inside her when his head was there, pushing to get in.

"Do it", Katie pleaded. She could see what he wanted all across his face. He had pinned her down with her knees and had spread her legs so he could watch the action. She was jealous. "Fuck me Walt. Please, fuck me."
