 All Characters in this story of 18 years of age and is a fictional story... 

***** 

Doctor Chad Bennett has been a doctor at St. Hope Hospital for the last 10 years and has been the head of the ER for the last three of those years. However, in the last three weeks he has been butting heads with a nurse hired six weeks ago. Her name is Sophia Maxwell, and to all the other nurses and doctors she was known as the "little hot tamale". Chad had to sit down with Sophia to talk about her issue with him because it could mean Sophia losing her job in the end. 

Chad followed Sophia into the locker room to talk, but all he was seeing now was this gorgeously tanned, half-naked nurse in front of him. With her back to him he could see her tattoo: a Caduceus symbol with two cobras snaking themselves up the medical pole. As Chad cleared his throat to get Sophia's attention she turned around without covering herself up, showing off her magnificent tits with a tan-on Playboy Bunny close to her areola and nipple. Chad thought those damn thangs have to be at least a D-Cup or maybe even a double D-cup. 

Sophia isn't some short woman. She has to be at least 5'8" with a great hourglass figure. 

Chad was shocked as hell that she was so calm with him standing there staring at her, especially as much as they had been at each other's throats lately. 

"Can I help you doctor?" 

Chad spoke up and said, "Yes nurse, we need to talk about your behavior towards me. So if you can meet me in an hour outside by the coffee cart we can talk about your job and what your issue is with me." 

"No problem Doc," Sophia said. 

Chad turned and walked out of the locker room to finish some items before meeting with Sophia, but he was thinking about those tits and wanting to kiss that damn bunny. 

***** 

Chad was getting a cup of coffee when he noticed Sophia sitting on a bench waiting for him. He walked over to her, asked if she wanted a cup, and sat beside her to talk when she politely refused. Sophia told him that the real reason she had been acting the way she has towards him was because she had feelings for him. She said that every time they touched or got close she could feel the tingle in her pussy and the only reason she's hit him or shouted out at him was to drive him away so she didn't jump him then and there. 

The doctor was shocked that Sophia had feelings for him. 

"What about now Sophia?" He asked her. She looked into his eyes and could see the lust Chad had for her. 

"Well your eyes tell me know that if we weren't outside in public you would probably take me right here and right now," she replied. Chad just nodded his head at Sophia. "Think we could give it a try?" she asked. 

Chad, finally able to speak, told her "I would love that. Why don't you meet me in the construction area of the hospital tonight after shift and will see what our sparks for each other will do." 

Sophia told Chad to just be ready for the wild ride that she would give him that night. 

*** 

Chad was done and headed for the elevator to go up to the construction floor. Chad had been thinking about Sophia the rest of his shift in the ER. He only saw her once when a gunshot victim came in, but he still couldn't quit thinking about her. 

Because he knew there was a couple of bedroom suites that already had hospital beds in them an that was where he was texting Sophia to meet him in room 383. Chad walked into the room and to his surprise their Sophia stood mostly naked, only wearing her high socks and sneakers. 

"I'm waiting to see what your packing in those scrubs doctor." Sophia says to Chad. 

"Well why don't you bring that sexy Latin ass of yours over here and find out Sophia." 

Sophia walks across the room and wraps her arms around Chad's neck, rubbing her full tits against his scrubs. She plants a deep, sexy kiss against his lips hoping he will open up and let her in. He does as she drags her tongue across his lips then deep into his mouth until they're trading back and forth with their tongues in each other's mouth. Sophia nibbles on Chad's tongue and starts to suck on it. She can feel his dick hardening against her body and now wants to truly find out what he is packing. She drops to her knees in front of Chad's bulge covered scrubs. 

Sophia pulled on Chad's scrubs pulling them down to his ankles. She stood back amazed at what was hanging there staring her in the face. Chad's cock was plump like a soda can, bigger and longer than any she had ever seen before. Her mouth began to water as she wondered what it would taste like. Just hanging there it looked like 9 inches but Chad told Sophia it could grow to 11 inches long. 

She thought about the length. Well, that was something her pussy was just going to have to try, whether it fit or not. Sophia grabbed a hold of the base of Chad's cock and started to stroke it while Chad reached down to rub her tits and pinch at her nipples. 

"You've got good hands," she complimented Chad while she focused on his dick. "And you've got a huge dick. Bet a lot of girls couldn't handle this entire log! You're so long and thick. The head seems to be as big as a billiard ball! God I'm going to love this!" 

As she started to milk his dick like you would milk a cow, she thought of a great idea. She got Chad to kick off the rest of his scrubs and made him spread his legs wider as she crawled underneath him. In this position she started milking his cock with her. Sophia got a good hold of Chad's cock inside her mouth by arching her back underneath him. Her nose would be buried in Chad's asshole in this position, but it gave her an angle to sallow him whole. 

Sophia found out that she had no gag reflex at all when she took Chad deep in her throat. She could feel that she had taken all of him, and in this position if he shot his load it would go straight to her tummy. She liked that idea, but before she could think about it more she notice that Chad's dick was growing in her mouth. Suddenly she tasted something salty and sweet so she pulled her head back and her mouth off his cock. As she did, she saw the true size of his cock and what looked like pre-cum dripping from its head. 

Sophia ran a finger along the slit of his head, sucked it into her mouth, and moaned in joy that it was the same taste that she just recently had. She wanted more of that 'ooey gooey goodness' coming from his cock. Hungrily devouring his cock, Sophia didn't care whether she tasted Chad's pre-cum or the real thing. It wasn't long before Chad came in her mouth. Sophia felt it rushing down her throat as Chad finished up draining his nuts. As she pulled her mouth off of his cock she tasted what was left on his head with a big slurping sound. She liked that taste and feeling of his cock. 

Chad knew it would take a couple minutes to recharge. He took that time to grab Sophia and bend her over against the bed. Her pussy lips were wet with her juices as Chad went on a primal attack of her cunt licking up all her juices and then eating her pussy out until she came again and again. She was moaning his name so loud that he was glad they were in an empty wing. 

With Sophia still bent over, her hands touching the bed, Chad's cock was ready, but Sophia's legs were like jell-o after the tongue lashing Chad just gave her. Not caring, he stood behind her and promptly filled her pussy with his cock. She was still hot and wet as his rigid monster slid in easily at first, more slowly as the last inches forced their way in her. She gasped and started to stagger forward, but he held her hips firm. 

"Stand still, Sophia," Chad grunted. "Just relax. Your pussy will stretch. You can take it. You're going to love it." He started pumping, quickly picking up the pace until his balls were slapping against her lovely ass cheeks. He decided to let his hands join the fun, smacking her ass lightly, watching the firm flesh bounce under his touch. 

Chad was drilling her hard and fast, feeling her pussy clenching at his cock and hearing her gasp in short, excited breaths as she built to another climax. When she came, her legs went limp and he let her fall to the bed as he continued to bang her pussy as hard as he could. Chad was loving how hot and tight she was and knew since he already unloaded one round earlier he could go for a while. He hoped Sophia's pussy could handle the pounding it was going to receive. 

Chad's cock slammed into her juicy cunt about a dozen times until he felt her juices coating his shaft. Then, Chad pulled out of her cunt. With Sophia still laid out on the bed and with her ass sticking in the air he felt this was the perfect time to try Sophia's little ass hole as he stuffed his pussy-lubricated cock into her ass. She stifled a cry by putting a hand in her mouth. 

Chad pulled both of her arms behind her back and used them as a handle to pull her back off the bed to continue the forceful pounding he has been giving her as he steadily worked more and more of his cock up that tight ass, feeling it stretch reluctantly to take every inch. Chad grunted, fucking her hard and fast, feeling his dick sink deep into her ass hole. It was hitting parts of her that she felt no man would ever be able to reach but this man that was pounding her ass was hitting those spots just perfectly. She screamed out Chad's name and was saying so many dirty words to him to just continue to fuck her...harder and faster. 

Chad pulled out of her ass hole and just let his dick hang there and flipped Sophia over. He decided to climb up on the bed with her to bang her some more. 

Carefully Chad again wedged his dick into the tightness of her pussy. Chad was standing over her, his dick pointed almost straight down. It hurt a little to push it down at that angle! He was so erect! 

Again and again he lowered himself over her tight pussy. The shaft of his dick bent slightly and then would penetrate another fraction of an inch. Despite the vise-like tightness of her cunt Chad was slowly forcing more and more of his dick into Sophia. 

Sophia was whimpering again. Small cries were forced from her as Chad drilled into her deeper and deeper. When he was at least three inches deep into her she had another orgasm! 

"Fuck, so big, so BIG! Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh! Ugh, um, ugh! More, morrre! Oh, God, look at that big fucking DICK!" Her voice rose in volume and pitch as he kept trying to pump more cock into her. 

Her hands clutched at Chad's hips, pulling him strongly downward, into her hot sopping pussy. 

"Oh, god, I'm cumming again! You haven't even gotten all the way into me and I'm going toooo CUUUUMMMM! Argh! Oh, Fuck, FUCK GODDAMN, YeOWWWW! Ah! OH! WAAAHHHHH! Huh, huh,, huh, huh!" She was totally out of control! Chad could see her stomach muscles flex and contract as the orgasm spasms rolled through her body. 

"Huh, ah, oh, fuck, damn, fuck, dick, pussy, cunt, my cunt! Dick, big. Hard. Hard, harder my, fuck, my cunt, harder. Ram, ram, ram it down. Bastard, fuck me HARDER!" With another soul wrenching wail she broke into another spasm of orgasm. 

With her legs in the air and his weight above her, she could hardly move. Chad was staring down into her eyes watching the pleasure wash over her. As Chad watched he saw her get swept away in passion. She was crying loudly, the tears pouring out of her eyes, dripping into her hair and ears. Her face was flushed, sweat was beaded up on her forehead, and she looked gorgeous! Chad had never seen any woman cum like this in his life. 

"Christ! Fucker! Hard! Big, hard! Fuck, bastard! Deeper! I want it deeper! AAHHhhhh!" she screamed at the top of her lungs! 

She was panting and crying beneath him. She could barely get enough air into her lungs. Her panting filled the room. Her lips were moving but Chad couldn't hear what she was trying to say any more. 

Chad was resting, his dick still only partially sunk into her pussy. Chad started to pull back but her hands clung to his hips, her fingernails digging in. She was trying to shake her head, her tits rocking with the movement of her head. 

She licked her lips while staring deep into his eyes. "Muh, muh." She panted. She waited, gathering her strength and sucking air into her lungs. "More, don't stop, I want more! Fuck me! Please, don't stop! More! Fuck me as deep as you can!!" 

"Okay!" 

"And don't stop!" she commanded him. "No matter what, don't stop! I want it all!" 

"Alright, here goes," Chad muttered. 

Chad lowered himself, forcing his dick back into her pussy. Her eyes widened and she began panting again. Chad hoped that he was not hurting her. But she had made it clear that he was to fuck her until she begged him to stop or until he came. 

Slowly, as Chad worked over her, he sank more and more of his dick into her. When Chad reached the half way mark Sophia put one hand on her stomach and, using just the tips of her fingers, began to caress her clit. Within seconds she came again with a huge shout! 

Chad didn't even slow down. She continued to gently stroke her clit in time with his movements. Chad could see tremors of lust, spasms of orgasm, wash through her. She was crying out loud again. Her voice forming no words, but the message clear: Sophia was cumming almost continually! 

Gasping for breath himself now Chad was driving at least nine inches deep into her and still had inches to go. His legs were trembling with the effort of lifting himself up and down. Deeper and deeper Chad sank into her. Chad hadn't hit bottom yet, he wondered if she WOULD be able to take it all. Chad wanted to find out! 

Shrill cries announced another orgasm. Her legs hung limply now, her feet resting over her head. All of her strength seemed to be concentrated around her groin. Her stomach was clenching and loosening. Her cunt flexed strongly around his thick dick deep inside her. 

For a few seconds she rested a hand on her cunt, letting his dick slide through her thumb and forefinger as Chad continued to drill deeper and deeper into her pussy. Her pussy had stretched and Chad was able to go faster now. 

She was still cumming almost constantly. 

With a groan Chad sank balls deep into her. He had gotten his entire dick into her! Few women had been able to take it, and Sophia had enjoyed the whole process! 

With a deep groan Chad sank down onto her. He rolled her back flat underneath him, her legs sagging weakly around his legs. Her eyes were staring into nothingness, her tongue wetting her lips as she continued to pant and moan. Her hands pulled his face to her and she rained kisses on his face while her hips shifted from side to side. Her pussy clenched and flexed on the length of his dick. 

She became quiet beneath him. Chad could tell something was happening. She had stopped breathing. She seemed to be listening for something - her attention was focused inward. Chad felt a tremor start deep in her pussy. Pulse-like contractions milked him from root to tip! Once, twice, three times. Chad felt her hips tremble. 

Suddenly her eyes shot open and with a tremendous yell she began to buck and toss beneath him. Her arms and legs wrapped around him in a crushing grip. Her pussy was spasming and clenching in a wild rhythm! With a tremendous groan of his own Chad emptied his nuts into her pussy. 

Her pussy was unable to contain it all! Pussy juice and cum leaked out around his thick dick! Her cunt convulsions caused spurts of their combined juice to shoot out between them. For several minutes she kept this up. 

As suddenly as she had begun she stopped. With a final, sighing exhale she completely collapsed, unconscious! 

After a few minutes of rest she had regained her senses. They were still entwined on the hospital bed, his dick still lodged deep inside her. "All of it, I took all of it! What a huge, thick, long, fucking dick! And I took it all! Jesus!" 

Her eyes were alight. 

"I can't believe it," she giggled. "I took it all!" 

"I know, I know!" Chad told her. "You got it all! Now what are we going to do with it?" She started to laugh and Chad laughed along with her. 

Chad felt her breasts shake between them. They were massive, hugely soft pillows of flesh. Chad cupped as much of one as he could and squeezed lightly. 

"You are still in me!" she marvelled. 

"Your cunt won't let me go!" Chad pointed out. It was true. Chad had tried to pull out of her and found that they were practically glued together with our juices and her arms and legs wrapped around him. And she didn't want to let him go! Chad's dick wasn't erect, but it wasn't totally soft again either. 

"Just fuck me again! Just fuck the hell out of me again!" Sophia insisted. 

So Chad began to again rock back and forth. Pulling back a little and pushing back Chad began to fuck her. Farther and farther he pulled back until Chad was plunging full length! Chad was giving her full-length strokes; almost pulling completely free and then ramming all the way into her! 

As soon as Chad had established a rhythm he began to speed up his pace. Within minutes Sophia was once again giving full vent to an orgasm that shook her entire body. Chad kept up the pace for minutes until he was on the edge of cumming. Then he slowed and paused while she recovered from her latest series of cums. 

"Honey, honey, honey!" She drew him to her eager mouth for a searing kiss. She was drenched in sweat as was he. Her tongue probed deep into his mouth as they kissed. 

"I can feel you in me," she panted. "You're so fucking hard. I want you to cum in me! I want to feel you pump your cum into my pussy!" 

"Well, give me a moment to catch my breath! We've been fucking for almost an hour! That takes something out of a guy, you know!" 

"You are a magnificent fuck!" She reassured me. "I've never, ever had orgasms like these before. God, I thought I was going to die of pleasure! Why not let me do some of the work!" 

"Fine by me," Chad replied. "Do you want to ride on top for a while?" 

"I've never done that," she informed him. "But I'd love to try it!" 

Without uncoupling they managed to slide down on the bed and roll over so he was on the bottom. Her eyes were inches from his as she gained her balance over him. 

"Ooohh," she cooed. "I like this. I think you get in a little deeper this way!" 

Chad could only nod in agreement. 

"Now let me see..." she pulled her knees up and hunched over him. With a look of concentration on her face she began to try some movements. She quickly got the knack and began to rock back and forth on top of him. 

Her breasts served as a pivot point between them. She was moving up and back on top of him. Her tits remained mashed in place between them while she rocked and rocked. Those vast pillows covered his entire upper body. Chad could feel her nipples as they slid back and forth. 

"What else can I do?" she panted as she continued to work over him. 

"Try just moving your cunt up and down. Or try sitting up and pumping your whole body up and down on my cock." Chad suggested. 

Tentatively, and then with more assurance she did as Chad had suggested. Gathering her feet under her she began to rise up on his cock shaft and then drop down. Up and down she went, up and down. 

Lying on his back and watching her work his gaze was brought to her fabulous tits. They would seem to hesitate as she rose then they would rise with her. As she reached the top of her stroke and began to slide down his stiff dick they would seem to rise further, hesitate and then drop heavily! As her movements became faster and faster her huge tits bounced and shook, shimmied and quaked! Her nipples stood at attention, as her breasts bounced again and again. 

She began to rock back and forth again. Her pace quickened, her tits swinging and swaying in time with her movement. 

Slap, slap, slap. Her boobs rocked against one another. They caromed against her arms, bounced off her torso and occasionally brushed against his chest even though she was sitting almost upright on top of him. 
