 I sat in the waiting room and shifted in the uncomfortable plastic seat. I don't know what skinny, bony arsed person these were designed for but they don't work for me. My back was too wide and my arse would start aching after a couple of minutes. I'd shift and get more comfortable but soon it was starting again. Also it was boiling in there and the plastic wasn't making the heat more pleasant. I sighed and looked at the clock 5:50. They were running late.

I'm not a big complainer, really. I get that appointments overrun and there are only two nurses working, so it must be quite hectic. Besides, my jabs would only take a minute or two, but the other thing I needed to see her about was playing on my mind.

The old guy opposite me smiled.

"What you in for?"

"Just some vaccinations for my holiday." I smiled back. "You?"

"Cut me leg a while back, having the dressing changed. You not a fan of needles? Only you look nervous."

"Not a massive fan, no. Just want to get it over with."

Any further conversation was cut off by the appearance of the nurse. I've never seen her before, but I wouldn't mind seeing more of her. She was stunning. I've always quite liked plumper girls and this woman was voluptuous delight. She had wide, full hips and bit of a belly, but what really caught my eye were her breasts. They were huge! They strained against her scrubs, and stood out proudly. I took a long, appreciative look and she smiled at me, flicking her dyed, bright red hair out of her face. I returned it. Her arms and face were tanned to a deep, warm brown and I found myself wondering whether that tan covered all of her, or whether there were some white bits left. I smiled at this image and felt my cock throb slightly. Whenever it gets warm I get hornier, but it could be freezing and this girl would get me going.

"Mr. Rogers?" She called and smiled as the old guy got to his feet. "Come on through, and let's have a look at that leg."

She put an arm around his shoulder and guided him towards the consulting rooms down the hall, and as she did I was treated to a delightful look at her big, juicy arse which threatened the trousers as much as her tits did the top. I was enjoying watching her full, round cheeks bounce as she walked. Halfway down the hall she looked back over her shoulder, clearly catching me looking and giving me another smile.

She didn't seem bothered so I wasn't embarrassed to be caught looking so I smiled back and took another look. She smiled once more and turned around, and I swear she started to swing her hips a little bit more after that.

I sat there alone with my thoughts about what I'd like to do with those tantalising curves, and my cock stiffened a little. I blushed as I remembered what I was there for but it wouldn't go away.

A little old lady came out of the hallway and left, and moments later my nurse arrived. Rose recognised me right away.

"Round two, then?" She beamed. "Come on through."

I followed and while her younger colleague was definitely hotter and bigger, I couldn't help taking a quick look at Rose's plump form. In her mid thirties, Rose had a motherly figure, a soft, full arse and wide hips, with a pair of heavy looking tits which filled the front of her scrubs nicely. They probably weren't that perkiest pair, but I bet they're still impressive and bounce nicely. My cock gave another pulse of desire as I now pictured Rose' porcelain skin exposed next to her tanned colleague.

I took a seat by the table and felt my cheeks flush slightly.

"Right, two jabs today isn't it?" She said brightly, retrieving a syringe and some small vials from a fridge. "Asia isn't it? God, I am so jealous."

"Yeah, for a couple of months."

"So lucky!" She laughed. "Now, shall I give it in the other arm? There's one left after today and I don't want to ruin one arm."

"Sure, you're the boss!" I smiled. "It was the right last time."

"Okay, roll up your left sleeve then lovely."

I smiled at this little informal term of endearment and rolled up the sleeve of my t-shirt.

"Wow, that is impressive." She ran a hand over my tattoo, a rather intricate design of a phoenix bursting out of the flames.

"Thanks."

"That must have taken ages!"

"Four hours."

"Crikey. Did it hurt?"

"Nah, not that bad." I shrugged. "I'm kinda used to it now."

"How many have you had?"

"Seven. Do you have any?"

"Two. From my student days. Nothing that big. Or good."

"Yeah? What you got?"

She smiled, and stood up.

"I remind you this was a while ago, and I was young and stupid."

She turned and lifted her scrub top to reveal a lower back piece showing a mix of flowers and stars.

"A tramp stamp!" She laughed loudly at this, looking over her shoulder at me

"It's better than a lot I've seen. At least it's not a stupid tribal thing." I said. "May I?"

She nodded and I eased her trousers down slightly, revealing the full design.

"See, that's quite good." I smiled. "What's the other one?"

Rose blushed and turned around. She shook her head.

"Nope. Sorry. I've only seen one of yours."

I laughed and shrugged.

"Do you want to see more?"

She nodded, and I felt it get a little warmer in there, good thing my shirt was coming off. I pulled it over my head and revealed my upper body. I'm not in the best shape with a little bit of a beer belly, but I'm stocky more than fat, I guess and I figured as a nurse she's probably seen a lot worse. Opposite the phoenix across my chest and shoulder I have the start of what I hope will be a full sleeve, a jungle scene filled with colourful birds and a lizard or two.

Rose nodded in appreciation and stepped backwards, pulling down the front of her trousers to reveal a piece on her hip, just below her belly. It was a snake, a python I think, which twisted and coiled from her hip to the top of her thigh, disappearing for a little bit behind a pair of plain white knickers, through which was a dark hint of bush. I liked the view a look and my cock was now halfway to being fully hard.

"Pretty cool." I said, finally tearing my eyes off her legs. "Why a snake?"

"Old injoke with a friend." She said, her cheeks flushing.

"Sounds like there's a story there."

"There is, but not one I tell often. And never at work. I have a professional reputation to protect." She smiled.

"Okay, but if I ever see you outside of here, I'll ask again."

"Fine, but you'll have to buy me a drink."

"Deal."

I definitely wasn't imagining it there was a spark here and the flirting wasn't one way. Rose quickly got the injections out of the way and smiled at me.

"All done. You'll need to come back in a few weeks."

She walked to the computer and started typing, bending forward rather than sitting down and I checked out her fat arse. She looked good bent over and I could imagine that arse looked pretty spectacular if you fucked her from behind. And you could aim for the tattoo when you finished.

I smiled at this perverse image and my cock stiffened a bit more. I should have been embarrassed but it being halfway up would make what was coming less awkward.

"Is the 22nd good for you?"

"That's the Tuesday, right?"

"Yep."

"That's fine. Same time?"

"That's right. All booked in." She turned around with a smile and realised I hadn't moved. "Is there anything else I can help with?"

"Ummm. This is a bit embarrassing."

Rose approached with a reassuring smile.

"I've been a nurse for a while and believe me I've probably seen a lot worse."

"Okay. Well a few weeks ago I took a girl home. We used protection but the next day I noticed a weird mark on my, um, y'know."

"Balls?"

"No, my penis."

"Okay."

"It was a little sore, but that stopped but there's still a mark and I'm a little nervous."

"Right. Well, if it doesn't hurt and I'm guessing it's not bleeding-"

"It's not."

"Right. Well, I'm going to have to examine you, so, you'll have to take it out."

I stood up and undid my belt and shorts, which fell to my ankles. Then I pulled down my boxers. The warmth and my arousal meant that my cock dangled between my legs, at around half it's full length and looked pretty good. Rose looked at it quickly and I saw a small smile spread across her lips.

"Okay, if you'd like to sit down, and lean back, I'll start to have a look."

I sat down and leant back, resting on my elbows. Rose pulled a small stool over and knelt between my legs and pulled on a pair of rubber gloves. Maybe I've watched too much porn but the snap of the gloves going on sent a shiver of anticipation through me and my cock twitched a little bit.

If Rose saw this she didn't make any mention of it and just put on the gloves.

"My, you do have very large testicles." She said in a purely professional tone but then smiled at me. "Sorry, that's a weird thing to say, isn't it?"

"Better than saying 'very small', I guess." I smiled nervously.

"Definitely better." She said absentmindedly and reached forward, cupping them in one hand while the other pulled my cock away to give a better look.

The touch, though expected, still sent a charge through me and my cock gave a dull throb and I could see it stiffen a little bit. Rose didn't notice and rolled my balls in her hand.

"It's testicular cancer awareness month. Do you know how to check yourself?"

"Umm, not really."

"Right, basically you just have a good old feel." She smiled at me and her hands continued to work my balls, rolling them around and giving them small, firm squeezes. "You're looking for lumps, bumps or tenderness."

"R-right." I stammered. This was too much. All the checking had resulted in my cock going well above semi erect and now it stood proudly, still held at the head by her hand. "And do you feel any of that?"

"No, these feel perfect." She blushed. "I mean, they feel fine."

She gave one final squeeze and leant forward to look at my rapidly stiffening cock. As she did so the front of her scrubs gaped open slightly and I was treated to a quick glimpse of the curve of her large, heavy breasts. That flash of pale, full flesh meant that I stiffened all the way and now when she released the head it continued to point upwards.

I don't have the biggest cock, but it's a decent length at a little over seven and a half inches. But what most of my partners have liked in the past was the thickness, with all commenting on the girth, which filled my hand whenever I wanked. I've always got a good reaction when I've whipped the old boy out, but Rose was the first woman not to make a comment about it. I couldn't help wondering how I measured up with the countless cocks she must have seen in her job.

I watched her face as she looked at my cock. Despite her attempts to maintain a professional detachment, I caught an obvious glimmer in her eyes. She bit her lip slightly and took a firm grip at the base.

I tried to stop breathing so heavily, but it was hard. My heart was pounding and my cock was throbbing, almost aching with desire.

"The-the marks are on the underside. Just below the head."

"Okay." She scooted her stool forward and using a thumb and two fingers she took hold of the tip and leant in close. Close enough that I could feel her breath against my shaft, which sent a pleasurable tingle throughout my body. She looked at my cock for a while and tilted her head to get a fresh perspective before letting out a little giggle.

She must have caught the confused look on my face because she gave me a cheerful grin.

"Sorry, it's just I know what these are."

"Yeah? Is it anything serious?"

"These are teeth marks."

I sighed and laughed softly.

"Oh, thank god."

"I can see how this happened. Not surprised, the poor girl was probably struggling to get her lips around this."

She gave the base a gentle squeeze and without being able to help it, a small moan escaped my lips.

"Sorry, did that hurt."

"No, it felt good that's all."

Rose looked at me for a second and then started to slowly run her hand up and down the bottom of my hard shaft. It took me by surprise but I wasn't going to complain.

"Do you want to know the story about my tattoo?"

I nodded dumbly as she continued to stroke my cock, her hand getting closer to the tip with every upward movement.

"It's a joke that my ex made. It's supposed to be a boa constrictor." She tried to keep her eyes on my face but every so often would fire a quick glance down at my cock, and I saw her lick her lips as she spoke. "A boa constrictor has a special skill. It can detatch it's jaw, allowing it to swallow animals whole."

She smiled and leant her forward, licking a small bead of precum which had dribbled out of my cock. The feel of her tongue upon my helmet prompted another moan that I couldn't stop and she flicked her tongue to clean the rest before leaning back slightly.

"My friend says I must be able to do the same, because I seemed to be able to take big mouthfuls. Been a while though, but let's see how I do with this."

She leant forward and opened and closed her mouth a few times before opening her mouth wide and closing her lips around the head of my cock, her lips resting just under the rim of my helmet. She paused for a second, her tongue swirling around the head, flicking against the underside and gently probing my opening.

"Oh, fuck yes." I muttered.

Her only answer was a small, muffled moan and then she slid her lips further down the length of my shaft. Her lips passed the small marks the other girl had left, as far as she had been able to take in. Rose however kept going quite a bit further, taking almost all of the shaft and still sucking hard on it.

I was in ecstasy, waves of pleasure washing over me and I knew I was in the hands, or rather lips, of a skilled woman. She sucked with almost greedy desire, and began to bob her head up and down as she worked my cock with her mouth. I leant back watching, hearing her choke slightly at the deepest but never stopping from pleasuring me.

Spit trickled to the base of my cock from either side of her mouth, and the wetness just added to the sensation. I reached down and pulled her long black hair backwards so that I could watch her suck. As I did she looked right at me and our eyes met. I moaned louder now and then bit my lip.

Rose moaned in response, may have even attempted speech but with her mouth filled with my meat it was just a muffled noise.

A knock at the door made us both freeze in shock, I looked at the door but Rose stayed where she was, mouth still around my hard cock.

"Hey, Rose, you okay?"

I recognised the voice as the other nurse and knew that if she opened the door Rose would be in a world of trouble.

Rose slipped her mouth off my cock and took a deep breath, drool running down her chin and dripping onto the front of her scrubs.

"Yeah, Amy, all good in here."

"You coming to the pub?"

"Yeah, I'll meet you there. Just finishing off a patient." She smiled at me.

"Okay, see you in a while, then."

We heard her footfalls down the hall and then Rose grinned at me.

"That would have been hard to explain."

"Yeah." I smiled back. "I really hope you're not finished."

"Not by a long way."

She moved the stool away and dropped to her knees on the floor.

"Stand up, let's see if I can take it all the way."

I did as I asked and she took a firm hold on cock and guided it into her mouth. She opened her mouth to eagerly take it in once more and slid her lips down the length until almost of all was in her mouth. She paused and shifted position, and then slipped her lips down even further until her nose nestled in my pubes.

"Fuck!!" That's good I grunted.

She began to move her head backwards and forwards, slowly at first, but gradually increasing in speed. The noise was delightful, a wet slurping sound with her small choking noises as she reached the base. When she pulled back my cock glistened with her saliva and I throbbed even more.

She was essentially fucking my cock with her mouth and it wasn't soon before I felt the pressure building inside me.

"Oh, shit, I'm gonna cum!"

Rose pulled all the way back, my cock flopping out of her mouth, dripping with spit. She gripped the shaft and began wanking while she closed her lips tightly around the helmet, sucking hard like it was a lollipop. A few moments of this was all it took and then my orgasm hit. With a grunt pleasure exploded and my cock twitched, and I let out a soft moan as I felt my seed pump out into her eager mouth.

As I started to cum, Rose stopped sucking, and stayed still watching me and taking every drop of cum I had. When I sighed as the last twitch finished I felt her tongue clean my head and she pulled back.

She opened her mouth to reveal the thick creamy load upon her tongue and then swallowed it down. She gave a small wicked grin, looking utterly used. Her face was flushed and the spit on her face.

I stood there panting for a while, and then offered her a hand to help her up. She giggled.

"Well, that was different."

I pushed her against the examination table.

"What are you doing?"

"Well, seems rude not to return the favour."

I grabbed the waist of her scrubs trousers and yanked them down, revealing her white knickers, which were darkened between her legs, wet against the dense tangle of hair beneath. I pulled these down and smiled at her.

"Sorry for not shaving, I-"

"It's fine, I don't mind a bit of hair." I said. "Sit back."

She hopped onto the table and leant back, opening her legs wide for me. I could smell her sex, sweet and intoxicating. I grabbed her knees and lowered my head between her thighs, kissing along her soft creamy skin until I reached her bush. I buried my face in it, savouring the smell and taste of her juices as my tongue sought out her cunt. She was extremely wet, and my tongue slid in easily, prompting a moan of pleasure. I used my tongue to explore her tight hole, licking around and sliding it as deep as I could. Every move made her moan and she let out a disappointed sigh as I pulled my mouth away.

But I was far from done. I moved my mouth upwards, finding the hot, hard mound of her clit and closing my lips around it to suck on it for a moment. I heard her gasp and released, starting to flick it with my tongue, licking it lightly and quickly.

I moved a hand to her pussy and slipped two fingers in, starting to pump my hand back and forth into her tight wet cunt. I sped up as I continued to lick, kiss and suck at her clit and within a few moments her moans had intensified.

"Ohhh, God, yess!" She cried.

I felt the pleasure hit her, her body tensing up, her cunt gripping my fingers tightly as her orgasm took hold. She shuddered slightly and let out a squeal of pleasure.

I kept going, speeding up my thrusts and curling my fingers slightly, continuing to stroke inside her cunt, her juices running down my hand and each thrust making a hot, wet sound. Rose moaned loudly and began panting and I sucked on her clit again.

"OHHHH! FUCKK!" Rose exploded.

Her second orgasm seemed even more intense and her thighs closed around my shoulders, she let out several unintelligible moans and yelps as her back arched and a hand grabbed my hair, pushing me down into her sex.

I gave a few more licks as her orgasm faded and then pulled away, slowly sliding out my fingers which glistened with her juices.

She lay there panting, a small puddle between her legs. I stood over her, and drank in the sublime view, her soft white belly where her top had ridden up, the snake at her hip and then the glistening mass of hair between her thick, creamy thighs.

"Wow."

"Wow, indeed."

She stood up and smiled at me.

"You need to clean yourself up."

"So do you."

We both looked in the mirror over the sink against the wall. The drool was still all over her face, which was pink with exertion and glistened with sweat, while my beard shone where her juices had soaked in.
