 Disclaimer: All characters and events are fictional, and any similarity to real people and events is purely coincidental. This is a work of erotic fiction intended to be read by people over 18 years of age (or 21 in some areas) where reading erotic fiction is legal. Story and all characters © Kardas Fox.

*

Harsh white light and the steady beep of an EKG greeted Spencer as he awoke. The tall fox's eyes fluttered open, everything was white and fuzzy until his eyes adjusted to the lights...and then everything was white and fuzzy. He took a look at his surroundings; white sheets, white walls, white ceiling, white everything. He was wearing a pale green gown of some thin yet incredibly itchy fabric.

With some difficulty, he untied the back of the gown and removed it, tossing it in the floor. As one sleeve came off, he felt a sudden sting in his right arm and looked down. A dislodged IV tube...from the smell, Spencer guessed he had been put into the comforting embrace of Morpheus. Muttering curses under his breath, he replaced the tube. Now clad in only boxer shorts, he adjusted the sterile white sheet on top of him in case someone walked in. Fatigue came out of nowhere and hit hard, he slipped back into unconsciousness without a fight.

The fox awoke a few hours later, again feeling blinded by the light. As he squinted and looked around the room, he noticed his hat on a table by the window. Without thinking, he tried to get up, only to groan out in pain and fall back on the bed as the lower half of his left leg erupted in agony.

"Good, you're awake," came a soft voice from the other side of the room. The nurse, a gorgeous white mouse, made her way over to the table, her long blonde headfur swaying with every step. She picked up the hat, then approached the bed and put it on Spencer's head. "That's what you wanted, right? You're always wearing that thing..."

"Yeah, thanks..." he said, still a bit woozy, "What happened to me? Why am I here?"

"A truck backed over you in a parking lot," the mouse explained, "Shattered tibia, minor internal bruising, fractured ass..."

"Is the driver at least going to pay my medical bills?" Spencer muttered.

"Yes, but his insurance is going to cover most of it," she replied with a smirk, "It was your truck."

"I remember now...the brakes were acting up this morning so I was going to have them checked out," he said, "I guess they finally gave way after I got out..."

"This morning?" she squeaked, "It was two days ago, you've been out for a while."

"Two days? Shit..." he said, "Is there something you can do about these lights? They're giving me a headache..." She smiled and nodded, then turned out the lights for him. The harsh white glare was gone, and only the gentle silver glow of moonlight lit the room. "Thanks, you're a nice lady..."

She looked at him strangely, then came a lot closer and looked him right in the eye. "You don't remember me, do you?" she squeaked, "I guess I can't really blame you, we only went to school together for a year..."

Spencer looked her over a bit more closely, then his eyes widened. "Beth? Beth Reyton?"

"That's right!" she said with a bright smile, "I knew I left an impression on you!" She sat on the edge of the bed, her perfect rump perched on the rail in an impressive balancing act. Her slender form beckoned, and Spencer's eyes had a hard time staying on her face. "So what were you doing on this side of town? I thought there was a brake place closer to your place?"

"I just moved a couple of weeks ago, haven't gotten to know the new neighbors yet," he explained, "I never saw you again after you graduated, I thought you went out of state."

"I did for a while," she said, "I went to a medical school up north, but I came back here to work. It's nice seeing other places, but I think I'll always have an attachment to the town I grew up in. What have you been doing since school? Last time I saw you, you were a horny freshman."

"It's hard not to be around you," he said with a smirk, "I've been working retail here and there, writing on the side. It's the sort of slump I don't mind settling into, I'm not really the ambitious college type."

"I don't think you're going to impress a lot of women like that," she giggled, "Being a cashier just isn't the same kind of floozy magnet as owning a solid gold ferrari."

"I don't do it to impress people, I do it because it makes me happy," he said, "Isn't that why you got into nursing?"

"Of course," she said, "And getting to see people naked is a nice bonus." She noticed something in the corner of her eye and turned to look, her baby blues widening. "Well, I see someone else remembers me too!"

Spencer looked down and gasped, he hadn't even felt himself getting stiff but he'd made a tepee with the sheet. "I'm sorry, I didn't even realize..."

"Oh don't apologize foxy, I take it as a compliment," she said with a smirk, "You poor thing...so pumped full of chemicals you don't even know how long you've been asleep, and now you're all hard and needy because hottie nurse is teasing you?" She whipped the sheet back and pulled his boxers down until they were just above the cast on his lower left leg.

"Wait...what are you..." he started.

"My job is to make you feel better," she said, "Just relax and go with it. Besides, have you forgotten how things worked in high school? I own you, and I want to play with my fox."

She lowered her head and licked a bead of tangy precum from the tip of his cock. She watched him shiver in response, then took his foxhood into her mouth and started to suck.

Spencer watched her bob her head on his member, her golden hair bouncing softly with her motions. Beth used her thumb and index finger to massage the base of his shaft as her tongue explored the thick pink organ. He was moaning and writhing, under her complete control.

She suddenly stopped and pulled away from his prize, leaving it covered in saliva. She hiked her skirt up, exposing a scandalous black thong which was quickly removed. She climbed into the bed with him and positioned herself over the head of his throbbing dick, her pink lips moist and puffy with need. She caressed the tip of his foxhood with her outer folds, just watching him squirm to her teasing before she finally sat down on his lap, taking his full length in one go.

"Damn...you're as tight as ever!" he moaned, rocking his hips a little under her.

"Don't move," she said, "You're hurt, just lay back and let me do all the work." Beth's paws rested on his chest as she slid herself up his shaft until only the head remained inside, then sat on it again. The lewd sound of their wet sexes getting acquainted filled the room.

Spencer's eyes shifted from Beth's blue orbs, to her bouncing breasts, to the splayed pink lips wrapped around his dick. He placed his paws on her slender hips, feeling her soft silky fur and the movement of muscle underneath as she rode him hard.

Her pussy drooled all over his thick piece as she bounced in his lap, her sweet nectar easily coating his foxhood and pooling on his sac. His head lolled to the side and he started to pant, but she only rode him faster, her lips curled in a dominant smirk.

"You look so cute when you're getting fucked," she said playfully, "I'll be seeing a lot of that expression after you recover...when I make you my bitch all over again."

"I'm not as easy as I used to be," he warned in between moans, "You'll have to work for it this time!"

"I wouldn't have it any other way," she murred. With that, she squeezed harder on his shaft and sped up.

Spencer tensed up, his shaft pulsing inside her and his balls drawing close. He tried to lift her hips off of him, but she continued to ride. "Beth...I'm gonna..."

"I know," she said, "It's okay Foxy, let it out. My heat is nowhere close, I'm safe."

It wasn't much longer until he cried out in bliss, and when she felt the first spurt of warmth into her depths she sat all the way down on him and let him squirt her full. She kept her tunnel clenched tightly around him, feeling every spurt of thick fox juice. She reached down and rubbed her clit energetically, soon panting herself before she squeaked cutely and added to the wet mess in his fur with a gush of fragrant mousette nectar.

After allowing Spencer a few seconds of rest, Beth bulled off of his softening shaft. A mixture of their fluids dribbled out of her muff, she quickly repositioned herself over his face. Without a word, he started licking her folds, cleaning the cummy mess from her well-used pink.

She smacked his hat off and grabbed a fistfull of his brown headfur, then started to hump his face. His tongue darted inside her, collecting more of the mess he left inside her before he moved on to her clit. He pressed his tongue against her stiff little nub firmly and worked it back and forth then up and down.

Beth shuddered and ground her cunny into his muzzle harder, she felt herself getting close again already. "You've gotten better at this, nnn..." she moaned. He didn't respond, he just kept torturing her stiff clitty. She began to tense up, and just before that blissful moment, his tongue withdrew and he flicked her nub with a fingertip. "Aagh you bastard!" she squeaked in a mixture of pleasure and pain, it was the last little push she needed to cum, but it hurt like a motherfucker.

Spencer caressed her abused clit with his tongue, soothing it with his warm and making her body twitch from the oversensitivity. He then moved on to lick up all of the excess juice she'd made. After resting a little, Beth crawled off of the bed and put her underwear back on. She straightened her skirt out, then grabbed some paper towels and cleaned up part of the mess on Spencer's groin before it all dried so his fur wouldn't be too matted. She pulled his boxers back up and replaced the sheet.

"I'll come back when my shift is over," she said with a warm smile, "When I do, I'll do something you've always wanted me to do, that one thing I never did for you in high school. Then tomorrow, after I take care of your morning wood I'll give you a sponge bath to get the rest of the juice out of your fur."

He watched her leave, part of him not believing anything that had just happened. If not for the aroma of sex in the air and the little strands of short white fur between his fingers, he would have thought it all a pleasant dream.

Later that night, Beth returned to find Spencer already asleep. She slipped into the bathroom with her duffel bag and quickly changed out of her uniform. She left her thong on, but removed her bra. The slim mouse slipped into a t shirt and jeans. She didn't like sleeping in pants, but she'd get in a lot less trouble that way if she got caught.

She crawled into bed with him as easily as possible, staying above the sheet. He mmphed and looked at her with bleary eyes, she kissed his nose. "Go back to sleep Foxy, it's just me," she said, "The night nurse isn't very attentive, so we shouldn't be disturbed as long as you don't hit the call button."

"What time is it?" he asked.

"Just past ten o'clock," she replied, "My shift just ended, and I think we could both use a cuddle."

She pressed in close, wrapping her arms around him gently and resting her head on his chest. He put an arm around her and craned his neck a little to kiss the top of her head. "Goodnight Beth....and thank you."

"Goodnight Spencer," she whispered back, giving him a soft nuzzle as the two of them drifted off.