 Deana Sparrow was a nurse in a small mid-western hospital. When she went to work that day, she discovered there was a shortage of aides, so she volunteered to do some of the patient's bed-baths. After gathering some fresh towels and linens, she walked down the hall to her first patient, an older man recovering from a car wreck.

His name was Jack Powell, a tall muscular man; age sixty-five, with a prominent chin, long broad nose, blue eyes, and black hair speckled with gray. In her mind she was thinking, "For an older man he is quiet handsome and sexy." Deana quivered clear to the center of her womanhood, hoping this time she would remain calm, because she'd always went beyond regular care and relieved many of the men's sexual urges, after all they were suffering.

She tapped on the door and heard Jack as he uttered, "Come in." 

After entering the room, she laid the items on the bedside table and asked, "Good morning Mr. Powell. How are you?"

He gave the nurse's full figure the once-over, paying special attention to her emerald-green eyes and red hair. "Damn she was a sexy doll," he thought as he quivered, winked, and licked his lips as they formed into a smile. 

Jack answered with a deep baritone voice, "Better now that I see your lovely face."

She flashed him a smile, and confided, "Well, this is your lucky day. The aide that usually takes care of you is out sick today, so I volunteered to give a few patients their baths. Hope you don't mind?"

His eyes lit up like a Christmas tree and he confessed, "Not at all, I was kind of hoping I wouldn't have to look at that skinny toothpick of a woman again today. God, she is so damn skinny that if she turned sideways and stuck her tongue out she'd resemble a zipper."

Deana laughed under her breath and said, "Now, Mr. Powell, that wasn't a nice thing to say." 

He flashed his baby-blue eyes at her and said, "Call me Jack, everybody does. Sorry if I offended you."

She replied, "You're forgiven, Jack." 

Deana was reaching for his bathing supplies when she heard him chuckle and before she could see what was wrong he started talking. "If you don't mind me saying so, I just adore a big beautiful woman, especially those with green eyes and red hair."

She blushed and replied, "Thanks. Can you turn over on your right side please? I need to slide this waterproof pad under you to protect the bed."

He did so and she slid the pad under him, and then covered him with just the sheet, leaving his gown on for now. Next, Deana drew some water and set the basin on the table next to the towels, soap, and two washcloths. 

After wringing the rag out, she applied some soap to it and handed it to him so he could wash the areas he could reach. "I hope this is not too hot for you."

He took the washcloth from her and replied, "Naw, it feels just right."

After he washed his face, neck and arms, they exchanged washcloths so he could rinse off. Next, she handed him the towel to dry off. The next thing she did was to remove his gown, and leave him covered with the sheet.

Jack pulled the sheet up to his chin, snickered and teased, "I just got used to that skinny woman seeing me naked!"

Deana chuckled, "Now, there is no need to be shy Jack, you don't have anything I haven't seen before." 

He smirked while pushing his sheet down to reveal his torso from his thighs upward and exclaimed, "I'm not shy at all baby!" 

After looking at his body from head to toe, Deana quivered and gasped. His chest was muscular, and although his cock was uncircumcised and flaccid, it was bigger than any she'd ever seen before.

This was not the first time she saw a male patient's genitals. Deana couldn't help getting aroused then, or now. Hoping Jack would not notice her trembling hands; she soaped up the cloth and started washing his chest. As she ran the rag over his nipples, they began to harden. Her breath clogged in her throat and she felt the sensation clear to the center of her womanhood.

She hid her feelings and asked, "Bet that feels good?" 

With a breathless hiss he uttered, "Yeah. Did you know you have a very soft, sensual touch?"

For the moment, all she did was nod her head yes, and focus on the bath. After doing his chest, abdomen, and back, Deana put a fresh gown on Jack, making sure it covered just the upper torso, and then propped him up on some pillows for comfort. Following that, she swallowed hard and began to wash his genitalia, gently.

Jack sucked in a deep breath. Oh Christ, no one ever washed him like this. The warm water and the nurse's hands felt so soft and erotic that his cock began to stiffen.

Deana didn't seem to notice his cock. She continued to wash him, and with a reassuring voice said, "Just relax Jack, I'll have you squeaky clean in no time."

When she wrapped the cloth around his shaft, he gasped, and said, "Ohhhh God, that feels so good."

As his cock hardened in her hands, Deana licked her lips nervously and felt her clit throb. She quickly looked around to make sure she was alone, rinsed it off, laid the washcloth down, grasped the shaft, and began stroking it slowly.

Nurse Deana winked at Jack and purred, "Oooooh baby, you're getting so big and hard." 

Jack rolled his eyes and said, "Ooooooh fuck! Excuse my language Nurse Deana, but that feels so good. Don't stop, please don't stop." 

Her pussy was drenched, tingling with desire, and she wasn't about to stop. She leaned over Jack and uttered, "I won't, if you promise to keep this between us. After all, it's probably been ages since you got off." 

Jack reached for her right breast and mumbled, "I promise."

She stopped jacking his cock and looked at him seriously. "Oh please don't touch me, I'd rather take care of you for now. Mainly, because if I let you, I know I wouldn't be able to control myself and end up stripping and joining you. If that happens, there is a chance I will get caught, and then I will be fired."

Jack withdrew his hand, frowned and muttered, "Spoilsport."

She resumed stroking his cock, rolling the foreskin up and down. Deana then asked him, "How long has it been since you've had sex, and I'm not talking about Rosy Palm and her stubby little brother?"

Jack frowned, "Too damn long! I have a sweet girlfriend and I haven't had her cunt for six weeks now. The last time was the weekend before my accident."

Deana quivered as heart pounded with excitement. Mainly because she loved jacking off the male patients, well, those that would keep quiet about it. She also liked it when they talked dirty, which was so unlike her boyfriend, who thought that kind of language was repulsive. 

Jack then spoke up, "I just adore big women who love sex and cock. By the way darling, do you like sex?"

She flashed him a seductive smile and confessed, "I not only love sex, I get turned on hearing them talk dirty, jacking them off, and giving blowjobs. By the way, doesn't your girlfriend come to see you?"

Jack frowned as he recalled the last time his girlfriend visited and confessed, "Oh yeah, she comes over to have supper with me every night. We talk for a while, and then she reads a book while I stare at the ceiling until visiting hours are over. I tried to get her to crawl up on the bed with me a couple of times, just to snuggle, but she says it's not proper to do that here."

Deana spoke with a calm voice in response. "I can see why she wouldn't want to get in bed with you. She's probably afraid of hurting you. However, in my opinion, she could at least pull the curtain and snuggle. If it was me, I'd do more than that and jack you off."

He let out an evil laugh and admitted, "It would be a cold day in hell before that would happen, because Jenny would never jack me off, or even suck my dick until I cum in her mouth."

She winked, and asked, "Really? She won't do this?" 

Deana squeezed the naked cock knob, then cupped his balls in her other hand. She so wanted him to touch her pussy, strum her clit until an earth-shattering orgasm overtook her, but knew it wasn't safe to do that. 

She licked her lips and whispered, "I'll jack you off until you cover my hand with your sweet cum. Ooooh God, I wish we were alone, I'd let you play with my cunt."

Jack's breathing became raspy and he gasped, ""Really? Oh God, I wish I could too honey. Oh, keep it up, I'm going to cum soon!" 

His pre-cum was oozing all over her hand, making it slippery. She loved the way his big cock felt in her hands. God, she wished his hand or cock was inside her hot hole right now. Deana needed to cum so bad she could taste it.

Jack was shaking all over, panted and squealed, "Aw, fuck, I'm not going to last too much longer." 

Deana then did something her boyfriend never let her do. She leaned over Jack, ran her tongue across his right nipple, sucked it into her mouth and began sucking him in rhythm with her hand movements.

He groaned, lifted his hips a little, and reached out to caress her long, red curls. 

She wanted to stop him, but couldn't. His hand felt good, exciting, and reassuring. She moved quickly to his other nipple and tantalized it with her tongue. All of a sudden, Jack's cock went rigid as the seven-week build-up of jism squirted all over her hand and wrist. 

They stayed like that for minutes before Deana cleaned the mess up and made the bed. She was about to go empty the wash basin when Jack touched her arm. 

With tears in his eyes Jack spoke, "That was the nicest thing a nurse ever did for me. Will you come back and do that again sometime?"

She leaned over, kissed his cheek and whispered, "If I can, I will, because older men turn me on." 

Jack pulled her closer until his lips were firmly planted on hers and they kissed passionately.

Afterwards, she emptied and cleaned the wash basin, gathered up the linens, and placed them in a bag. Deana then straightened her uniform, stepped out of the room into the hallway. Placed the laundry where it should go and walked toward the nurse's station.

As she neared the nurse's station, she heard her nurse friends Janice and Julie talking.

Janice said, "Jack Powell in room 314 is a dirty old man! He tried to put his hand up under my skirt yesterday."

Julie laughed and answered, "That's because it's so short, he probably couldn't help it."

Janice looked up and saw Deana approaching, blushed and giggled, "Hi, Deana."

Then answered Julie, "Well I let him get a good feel before I slapped his hand. Why, he has some nerve, after all he's in his sixties!"

Julie just sighed and answered, "I wish that big construction maintenance guy in room 302 would put his hand under my skirt." 

They all laughed when Julie said, "Look at Deana blush!"

All of a sudden, Janice spotted the Director of Nursing walking toward the desk and warned the others, "Cool it, here comes ole iron pants."

Deana whispered, "Oh yeah, we better look busy or we're in deep trouble."

Mary Jane Gladstone, the Director of Nursing, was forty-five years old, and mean as a junk yard dog. She was also built like a drill sergeant with a voice to match. 

She glared at them and bellowed, "Okay girls, we don't pay you for sitting around and gossiping. Get back to work!"

When Deana was near, she smirked, touched her right arm and confessed, "You better watch out for older male patients. They're dirty ole men, leery-eyed and tricky, especially Jack Powell in room 314. Keep what I say to you, to yourself. He grabbed me, and kissed me right on the lips the last time I was in his room. I think I will stop by and say hello to him."