 Last year, complications from a broken leg put me in the hospital for almost a week. It wasn't a fun experience, but there was one bright spot – the night shift nurse, Mary. The doctors and nurses treated me fine, but were distant and business-like. Mary was a fine nurse too, but she added a spark of warmth and friendliness that made me look forward to seeing her in the wee hours of the night.

I'm in my late thirties – brown hair, blue eyes, slim, and a little over six feet. I'm not a body-builder, but am active and in reasonable shape. I would guess Mary to be about the same age as me, with shoulder-length dark auburn hair, a smiling attractive face, and curves that kept me up at night fantasizing. She had a nice round ass, hips that were made for holding on to, and breasts that strained the front of her nursing top. She just exuded sexiness, and I made no effort to hide my appreciation of her body.

She would wake me up for medications and vital signs, and we would chat amiably about this and that. I was lonely in the hospital and happy for the friendly conversation. I also enjoyed watching her move, and I think she knew I was fantasizing about her, because she became more playful as the week went on, flirting with me and teasing me. I knew I only had a couple more days before I'd be sent home, so I decided to see how far we could take this.

The next night, she woke me for the usual routine. I could swear that she was giving me a show. A couple times she would bend over me to reach something, giving me a wonderful view of her cleavage. After the second time, I laughed and said I appreciated the view. She smiled and asked innocently what I meant? I said, "Oh, nothing", but damned if she didn't drop something on the bed and slowly bend down to pick it up. This let me see even more of her full breasts and the white lacy bra she was wearing. She smiled at me and we kept talking as if nothing was happening.

She moved to do something above my head, and her hips were right at my head, so I started stroking the back of her leg, moving from her calf to above her knee. She kept talking as if she didn't notice, but she didn't react or remove my hand, so I kept stroking. She was fiddling with some piece of equipment, so I stoked higher and higher until I was squeezing her ass through her pants. She finally said, "You're a naughty boy," but she still didn't make any effort to stop me.

My cock was starting to swell by this point, but I don't know if she saw it yet. Still standing at my side (at the side of my bed), she turned to examine my foot, giving me free access to fondle her ass. I stroked her fleshy cheeks and the insides of her thighs while she still kept up the pretense of examining my foot. I did hear a sharp intake of breath and she rocked back against me as I slid my hand between her ass cheeks and forward to cup her pussy.

After a minute of this and she abruptly stood up, turned to face me, and talked to me in her normal friendly tone. "Your leg looks good, but I'm concerned about some of your vital signs. Your heart rate and blood pressure right now are well above what I would expect, and you have some unusual swelling. I'm going to have to investigate further."

Then she leaned in for a kiss, her tongue sliding forcefully into my mouth. We kissed passionately for a minute, then she broke the kiss and whispered feverishly in my ear, as my hands roamed over her back and ass. "You're such a naughty patient, fondling me like that. Did you like how I teased you? I loved the look on your face when I showed you my breast."

"Mary, you're the naughty one, teasing a poor guy with a broken leg. You know I can't resist looking at you and touching you. And now I'm going to have you."

She swung a leg over me, straddling me on the bed, and I helped her take her shirt up over her head and off. I pulled her to me, cupping and squeezing her breasts through the lacy bra, then sucking them through the sheer fabric. Mary was gasping and trying to remove the bra, but I was in a frenzy of desire. She finally shook it free, throwing it on the floor, as I mauled her big round globes. They were magnificent, full and round, and I continued what I had been doing through the bra, but now to her bare breasts. Her nipples were dark brown and stuck out like bullets, and she fed one into my mouth. I sucked hard, taking in as much as could, then lapping at the nipple with my tongue, while squeezing and lightly pinching the other one. She moaned softly as I switched, suckling the other breast and fondling the first.

She broke away from me and stepped back and looked at me with that teasing smile. "You stroked my ass so good. Do you want to see it?"

"I want to do more than just see it, baby, so don't make me hobble over there!"

"No, you're not supposed to be putting any weight on that foot, so I guess I'd better come to you. But first, I'll show you."

She turned away from me, then very slowly and sexily peeled her pants down over her ass, down her legs and off. She had on matching lace panties, and she pulled them up into the crack of her ass, then started stroking her ass cheeks. She turned her head to see my face, and saw that my hands were under my sheet, stroking my throbbing erection.

"Here baby, let nurse Mary help you with that."

She peeled back the sheet, exposing my fully-erect cock, and gasped with delight. "Oh baby, I know just what to do with that".

And did she ever. She kissed my chest and my belly, rubbing her breasts all over me, then she took my cock between her breasts and squeezed them together. She looked up into my eyes as she kissed down my belly, and I gasped when her tongue licked the head of my cock. She continued licking down the shaft, never breaking eye contact with me. When she got down to the base, she licked my balls, and then down underneath my balls. She started working her way up again, kissing and licking her way up. When she got back up to the head, she licked it around and around like an ice cream cone, coating her tongue with my pre-cum.

At that point, I took her head in my hands and guided my cock into her mouth, pushing her gently but firmly down onto my cock. I watched inch after inch of my meat slide between her lips, and her eyes got wide as I felt my head hit the back of her throat. She came up to suck the head, and again I guided her down on me. She was cupping and squeezing my balls with one hand, and moaning with pleasure each time I pushed her head down.

I couldn't decide which was more erotic – feeling her lips glide down my shaft as she sucked me into her throat, or watching my cock disappear into her mouth. It was starting to feel too good, and I didn't want to cum yet, so I pulled her up on top of me and kissed her again, hard and deep. My tongue explored her mouth while my hands explored her body.

"Why'd you bring me up? Didn't you like the way I sucked your cock?"

"Baby, that was fantastic. That was the most erotic thing I've ever felt. But it felt too good, I wouldn't last as long as I want to with you now."

"Okay sweetie, but I loved sucking you. I was trying to take as much of you as I could. I want you to come in my mouth later."

"You bet I will, baby." And I kissed her again, as I rubbed her back, squeezed her ass cheeks, then hiked her up so I could play with those magnificent breasts some more. She was straddling my stomach, with her tits in my face. I explored them first with my hands, cupping and squeezing them. I traced each nipple with my forefinger, then rolled them between my thumb and fingers. I pulled them and pinched them, first gently, and then harder. She groaned and dry-humped my stomach as I flicked my tongue gently over one nipple and then the other. I licked her entire breast with long slow licks, and then gave long slow licks to her nipple. Finally, I closed my lips over her nipple and sucked very gently, tonguing the nipple as I sucked as much of her soft white breast as I could into my mouth. I slowly increased the pressure, sucking a little harder, now a little harder still, until I was sucking and tonguing as hard as I could. Mary was going crazy, trying to keep quiet and whispering in my ear.

"That's right, baby, suck my tits just like that. That feels so good. You're making me soooo wet."

"Really? You better show me."

I released her breasts and hiked her higher, so that she was now straddling my chest. She still had her small lacy panties on, and it was an incredibly erotic view. I could see the dark triangle of her bush through the thin lace, and the crotch was soaking wet. Her smell was intoxicating, and I grabbed her ass cheeks and scooted her closer so that she was straddling my face.

"Wait, let me take my panties off!"

"Not yet."

I kissed her pussy through the lace, feeling her wetness and tasting her musk, then I started licking her inner thighs, getting closer and closer until my tongue was again over her pussy. I licked and sucked her through the panties exactly the way I would have if she had no panties on. I tried to thrust my tongue into her, licked up and down her slit, and tried to suck her clit through the thin lace.

She was groaning with a mixture of pleasure and frustration, and finally she broke away from me, sat up, and slid the panties down and off. She was on my face again in an instant.

"Now let me feel that for real!"

Her bush was dark auburn and neatly trimmed, and I grabbed her ass and brought her to me. Her honey was delicious, and I lapped at her to get every drop. I licked her pussy lips up and down, and then slid my tongue inside and pushed it as deep as it would go. I licked her up and down with long slow licks, then moved up to her clit and circled it with my tongue before sucking it into my mouth. She was gushing honey onto my tongue, and I could tell by her sounds that she wasn't far from cumming. So I slid first one, and then two fingers into her hot box and locked my mouth onto her clit. She came with a gasp and a cry – and I kept my mouth locked onto her, gradually reducing the pressure as her orgasm subsided.

She moved down and kissed me wildly, her tongue lapping at my face and thrusting deep into my mouth, loving her own taste on my lips. My cock was still throbbing and hard as steel, and I could feel her pussy rubbing against my shaft. She raised her hips, put me in position, and sank down, both of us gasping as my cock went into her up to the balls.

"Oh my god, I've never felt so filled!"

I had my hands on her hips as she started rocking up and down in a slow rhythm. I lay back and let her set the pace. She rode me with long slow strokes for a while, which was delicious - feeling her come up so that only the head of my cock was still in her, then she would start to sink down again, and I would feel her pussy envelop me ever so slowly, inch after inch of my cock disappearing into her warm tight wetness. The next time she had me fully in her, she stopped to savor the feeling of being full of me. I could feel her pussy squeezing me, and I ground into her, trying to get even the slightest fraction of an inch deeper.

I looked into her eyes, and we both gasped with pleasure. She started riding me again, but now with more urgency. I started increasing the pace also – no longer content to passively let her ride me, I was now thrusting up into her from underneath. My hands were firmly on her hips, and I was fucking her hard and deep, my hard cock pistoning in and out of her sopping snatch.

I growled in her ear, "Baby, I love your hot pussy, and I love how you ride me. My balls are full of hot cum for you."

"You promised you'd cum in my mouth!"

"If you want that, you'd better stop riding me like this right now!"

She lifted herself off me immediately, and I only had a moment to be disappointed as she moved down and swallowed my cock. She was kneeling between my legs, fingering her pussy with one hand and jacking me off with the other as she sucked me. I could feel my orgasm nearing and was in a frenzy – I took her head in my hands and fucked her mouth, thrusting my cock into her as hard and fast as she could take. I could feel myself go over the edge, and I moaned "I'm cumming, baby!" I had a mind-blowing orgasm, feeling spurt after spurt of hot jizz shoot into her mouth, and she swallowed every drop. She kept sucking me and rubbing her clit as my orgasm faded, and I could tell she was going to cum again too. Her hand was a blur on her clit, and she finally bucked and cried out in orgasm.

She finally let my cock pop out of her mouth, and she gave the head one last kiss, then scooted up to lie in my arms. She kissed my deeply, letting me taste my own cum in her mouth, then we lay next each other, softly stroking each other. Finally she rolled off me and said with a smile that she hoped we'd been quiet enough. She quickly got dressed, and I knew she had to get back to work. She came over to me one more time, gave me a slow moist lingering kiss on the lips, and said with a wink, "You'll be here one more night, right?"