 Sean sighed into the telephone. "I'm sorry Elissa, but I pulled something in my back when I was lifting weights. I think we'd better postpone our date tonight."

Elissa said that she was disappointed, but she understood. Then a sly smile crossed her face. 

"Oh baby, I was so looking forward to wrapping my lips around that hard cock of yours," she pouted into the phone.

"Come on sweetie, don't do that to me. I really am in pain here!" Just as Sean said that he wrapped his hand around his dick. "What else were you looking forward to doing tonight?" he asked huskily.

"Well, I wanted to get you naked and rub my hot body all over yours," Elissa panted into the phone. "I wanted to suck and kiss every inch of you, especially that fabulous dick of yours." 

Sean's hand began jerking faster. Elissa continued, "I wanted to roll my tongue around, and tease the head, and put all of you in my mouth. Then I wanted to climb on top of you and have you suck my nipples until I cried out. I was going to turn and suck on your hard dick while you sucked on my wet pussy until we both couldn't stand it anymore and we both came in a massive burst, together." 

As Elissa finished telling Sean her foiled plans, Sean came in one massive burst. "Um...Elissa, baby I sure do wish you could be here tonight. I'm sorry for messing up our plans. Can I take a raincheck?" 

"Sure Sean, just call me when you're feeling better." 

They hung up the phone, turned on and hot. "The hell with that," Elissa muttered. She put on a white tank top and tight white jeans. She got her keys and her purse and was out the door in a flash.

Ten minutes later Elissa was ringing Sean's doorbell. Sean opened the door with a quizzical look on his face. "Elissa, I thought..."

Elissa interrupted him, "Nurse Elissa is here to take care of you Sean. I just couldn't sit around thinking of you in all that pain."

She went passed him, grabbed his hand and slowly led him to his bedroom. 

Sean stammered, "Elissa...we can't..." 

"Don't you worry about a thing Sean, your nurse is here to take good care of you."

Elissa led him back to the bed where he'd been laying with a heating pad. She had him lay down on his stomach. Sean watched her pull her tank top off and throw it on the floor, followed by her white jeans and then her white panties. He already had his shirt off, so Elissa softly tugged his gym shorts off and threw them on top of her clothes on the floor. She straddled him and began rubbing his back, softly massaging first his shoulders, her thumbs digging into him, then her fingers pressed into his arms, and down the middle of his back. Her hands massaged down, down until she was kneading his tight ass. She dipped and rubbed her nipples lightly over his bare back and he opened his eyes in surprise. 

She whispered into his ear, "Where does it hurt?"

"Oh, all over nurse," he said with a sly smile.

Elissa straightened her body out and she began gently and teasingly rubbing her tits across his back and down his ass. She alternated massaging, kissing, dipping, caressing and rubbing. Sean tried to move but she held him down. She dipped her lips down onto an area and then dipped a breast down, brushing it lightly over him. She bent down and kissed and licked both ass cheeks and rubbed her nipples lightly across them. She kissed and rubbed all over him until he was moaning and pleading with her to let him turn over. She lay down on top of him, rubbing the length of herself gently all over him, pushing her mound into his ass while she kissed his ear and his neck. 

Sean tried to reach back to touch her but she pulled his hands up above his head and told him to keep them there while she continued to taunt him with her hands and mouth and body. Finally, she gently turned him over, keeping his hands above his head. "The nurse is here to take care of you Sean, just lay back and relax."

She moved the heating pad under his ass. He could feel the warmth of it as he felt

Elissa move over the top of him, repeating what she had done to his back. Sean let out a shudder as she dipped and kissed his nipples, then rubbed her nipples over the wet area. She moved her mouth down, running her tongue along his abs, then she brushed her nipples over the wet spot. Her tongue ran down the insides of his thighs while her hands kneaded his chest. Finally when he thought he couldn't stand it another minute, Elissa wrapped her lips around his hard dick and pushed all of him in her mouth. She moved slowly, following the motion of her mouth with her hand. Sean began to move and push his hips up towards her, but she put her hands on his hips and kept him still. 

She moved down until her hands were on his dick and her mouth took in his balls. Elissa's tongue played with his balls and then moved back up to tease the tip of his dick. "Please Elissa, let me move..." he begged.

Silently she pushed her breasts together and titty fucked him until he was moaning and desperate to move but she wouldn't let him. Every time he started to move, she forced him to stay still. She titty fucked and sucked his cock until it was so hard she could tell it was going to explode any minute. She sat up and straddled him, pushing him into her in one quick movement. He gasped but she pushed her hands down on his shoulders keeping him still. 

She began to move slowly on top of him. She put her hands on his chest and began caressing his nipples while she moved up and down over his cock, pushing him in and out, torturously slow at first, then gradually faster and faster. Sean opened his eyes and watched her bounce up and down and tried to reach for her tits. She immediately pulled his hands and arms back up over his head and this time she held them there with one hand. She leaned down and put her breasts in his mouth and allowed him to suck hard while she continue to move on top of him.

He could feel her hot wetness as she moved him in and out of her. He could feel the heat on his ass. She could feel herself spiraling into orgasm and she let go completely, moaning her pleasure into his ear. As soon as the last spams stopped she sat up and turned so she was riding him with her ass facing him. She rode him as fast and hard as she could, holding his legs down with her hands until she could feel him coming hard. She climbed off, taking his cock in her mouth again, cleaning him off until she sucked him dry and his moans gradually stopped.

She stretched out next to him and caressed the hair on his chest. 

"I didn't know nurses made house calls," he said softly. 

"Only for very special patients," she whispered back. 

She pulled the blanket up over them and just as she was drifting off to sleep, she heard Sean say, "Um, Nurse Elissa, my back still hurts, do you think you could give me another treatment?"

She laughed and said, "Your nurse is on call 24/7. Maybe I'll let you use your hands this time."

He reached for her as she got to work once more.