 The doctor's receptionist was talking to another patient, but quickly smiled at me and asked if she could help. She was a pretty blonde, and her name tag said Samantha. I gave her my name and she immediately checked my name from the list and took my particulars, all the while smiling and chatting with me. As we came to the end of her questions she got up and motioned me to a chair off to the side and gave me a form to fill out. I sat down and she pointed out some important points on the form. She was bending over in front of me and I, being a healthy, horny 19 year old, took full advantage of looking down her white tunic, that was open to just over the swell of her breasts. I could have sworn that when I came in her tunic was buttoned to her throat. I could see those luscious globes swaying back and forth in their white silky bra cups. Her scent was intoxicating. She smiled and sauntered back to her desk to answer some more calls. She had long shapely legs and a short pleated skirt that swayed enticingly as she walked. She sat directly in front of me and I could see her skirt ride high up her thighs as she kept crossing and uncrossing those lovely long legs. 

A lady came into the waiting room and I heard her ask Samantha if there was anything special, a replacement I thought. Samantha said something I couldn't hear but nodded in my direction, as she got up from the desk and came towards me. She asked me to follow her through the door beside my chair into an examination room. She opened the door about half way and motioned me through. There was just enough room for me to squeeze by, but not without brushing up against her breasts, as she smiled. The room was very narrow with cabinets on the right and an exam table as well. On the left there were two chairs separated by a small table, and then the washroom door. She handed me a gown to put on with instructions to strip all the way down. She then handed me two little cups and asked me to give her a urine sample and in the other she wanted a semen sample and pointed to a shelf for their storage. I flushed profusely at this request as she handed me an erotic magazine to help the process. She smiled and squeezed my arm reassuringly as she turned and walked out the door, saying she would be back in about 10 minutes. 

The sample of urine was easy, but the only way I could get the semen sample was thinking about that nurse, and what I would have liked to do to her. I filled both cups for her and put them on the shelf. I stripped and put on the gown that was too small for me but I managed to tie the strings, but I still had to hold it closed over my chest and middle. I learned later that it was to be put on opening to the back. I sat and waited, but not too long as she came back in with a stethoscope and pressure cuff. She smiled again as she looked at the samples I had left for her. She asked me to sit in the second chair as she sat on the first, both separated by the small table. As she sat down I noticed that her tunic was opened now to below her breasts and I got an eyeful. 

She pulled my right arm to her and placed the pressure cuff around my upper arm. She held my forearm against her chest and I could feel her breasts almost boring into my arm. She reached across the narrow room to retrieve the stethoscope and as she did that her tunic opened even wider, all the while she held my arm tightly against her. She straightened up and, if by mistake or by her manipulation, my hand was inside her tunic, rubbing against the silky bra cup of her right breast. My eyes must have come halfway out of my head and I felt my face get hot and red. She smiled and twisted my arm just enough that my hand now cupped her breast. "There", she smiled, "that feels much more comfortable, doesn't it?

She smiled even more as she looked at the front of the hospital gown which had come open and my lengthening penis was making quite a visible show of itself. "Wow, that sure looks good" she said with a smile. She gently pushed my hand against her breast. I decided to go along with this game and caressed her and pulled a bit on her now very erect nipple. She gasped, smiled, and then removed the cuff from my upper arm. "Um, that feels good. I like that"

The stethoscope dropped to the floor. She turned more towards me and pulled her tunic fully open. I almost choked, but caught myself as she rose up and came to me, pulling the bra cups down and gently pulling my head and guiding my mouth to first one and then the other of her nipples. Her long shapely legs straddled my thighs and the hem of her skirt brushed the swollen head my now fully extended penis. I busied my self with licking and sucking her hard nipples as she ran her fingers through my hair, all the while murmuring encouragements and gasping with pleasure. She unhooked her bra and shrugged out of it as it slid to my thighs and then to the floor. I found the zipper of her skirt and unbuttoned it and pulled it down along with her panties. She pulled away from my greedy sucking mouth and stepped out of her skirt and panties. She came back to me and lowered herself onto my upper thighs, pushing my swollen penis between her stomach and mine. 

She kissed me with her tongue chasing mine. She then started nibbling on my ear and slowly licked the inside. I moaned at this, she whispered how good a sucker I was and how hard and long I was. Then she knelt in front of me and started licking and sucking on my swollen penis. Man did that ever feel fantastic. I was mesmerized by her bobbing blond head going up and down as my cock disappeared into and reappeared from between her red lips. I could not stop the gasps and groans coming from my mouth as I felt every fiber of my penis reacting to the action of her tongue and her lips. While she was sucking she was caressing the long hard shaft of my penis with one hand. With her other hand she caressed her pussy. Her pussy hand came up to my mouth several times for me to lick off her salty juices. 

She pulled away and rose taking my hand in hers. She hopped up on the end of the exam table and positioned her ass just right. "Come and eat my pussy" she purred. She gently guided my head between her thighs with one hand as the other hand spread her juicy pussy lips wide for my tongue. The smell of her juicy pussy got me even more excited as I started to lick her nether lips and to gently suck them and pull on them with my lips. I tongued her from the bottom of her vagina up to her hard juicy clit, each time initiating a gasp from her. My hands were busy all this time caressing and pulling on her nipples or running them all over her sensitive stomach and her nicely round back side. She pulled me up and then guided my now throbbing penis to her well lubricated wide open pussy. "Now I want you to fuck me as hard and as long as you can with that beautiful cock of yours. I want you to fill my pussy with your cum. Are you ready for that?" 

All I could do was grunt as I pushed the swollen red head of my pulsing cock into her waiting pussy. She groaned and hoarsely whispered 'Oh fuck me! Fuck me hard!" I didn't need any encouragement. I knew that it was going to be a long fuck as I had already cum about twenty minutes before. I placed my hands on her breasts and massaged them and tweaked her nipples as I pushed into her and pulled out, over and over again. I bent over further and kissed her on the lips and then tongued her open mouth with the taste and smell of her pussy intermingling with her sweet tasting lipstick. Each time I came to the end of my thrust into her she gave a groan and gasped for more. Over and over I pummeled her hot juicy pussy with my long hard cock, my balls slapping against her beautifully round ass. We held this position for several minutes and then she asked me to take her from behind "doggy style".

We pulled apart and she positioned herself with her ass towards me and her breasts hanging towards the exam table. I had a bit of trouble finding the right angle but when I finally pushed into her she gasped even louder. "Oh! Yeah! That's the way I love it! Long and hard! Now I can feel all of your fucking cock inside of my cunt. Now fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me!"

I drove into her hot juicy cunt as hard as I could, over and over again. I grabbed her swaying tits in my hands and used them to pull myself into her, slamming her back side with a grunt. Each time that I came to the end of my thrust she groaned and gasped. She kept whispering hoarsely to fuck her, to fuck her cunt, to fuck her hard. Over and over she repeated it until I could not hold on any longer and I shot my hot creamy load into her steaming cunt. Over and over I spewed my white hot sperm into her hot wet dripping cunt as I rolled her long hard nipples between my forefinger and thumbs. 

We cleaned up and she told me to get dressed and that she would call me for another doctor's appointment as the doctor had to go to an emergency. I asked if she would be there the next time and she smiled, placed her hand on my crotch and said absolutely.