 Chad Franklin was a shy person most of the time, keeping to himself, but wishing for more adventure in the ho-hum world that surrounded him. He always kept busy with his work, which wasn't too hard for an investment consultant.

The clients the company had were making money hand over fist. Chad always got his ten percent cut but the long hours had taken their toll. He decided for a little rest and relaxation and decided to take a trip to the Bahamas. Being single had its advantages he had saved up a nice little nest egg. A bit of relaxing in the warm sun and the cool blue water was just the thing he needed.

The flight on board the DC-10 from Virginia was uneventful, and maybe just a little boring, thank God for the booze. The flight attendant seemed friendly enough although he could not stop looking at her legs. He might have been a bit shy but he wasn't dead yet either. Even though the flight was not that long, Chad had a few too many adult beverages. Even the best have to go sometime so Chad made his way to the rear of the jet to the restroom, when someone caught his attention.

She was stunning in a plain sort of way. Her hair neatly brushed back behind her ears. A simple, yet elegant, blouse that hid what he suspected was an ample set of breasts. Neither of these wonderful assets caught Chad's attention. It was her eyes. She only gave a quick glance his way, but that was enough. Her eyes seemed to pierce right through his very soul. It seemed that he had been standing there for an hour, but in reality, it was just a few seconds. Chad continued on his way back, finally getting to the lavatory. He shut the door quickly.

His breathing labored; it seemed he couldn't focus on anything. It was those eyes; they wouldn't leave his thoughts. As he returned to his seat, he chanced a look towards her. To his disappointment, she was reading a nature magazine. Chad continued on his way back to his seat, trying to clear his thoughts. The plane landed, and he was still finding it hard to focus. All the way through the landing, baggage claim and trying to find a taxi he could not get those eyes out of his mind.

The room he reserved was one of the best. With all the overtime he had collected, it was nice to get the very best for a change. A spacious living area with a whirlpool, and a rather large bedroom, would definitely relax him. Chad began to unpack his suitcase; he was going to start enjoying life for a change. After getting his things put away, he decided on a quick swim. Maybe that would clear his mind. There were about forty people lounging out by the pool. Most of them were drinking something cold and colorful, with those little umbrellas in them.

As he dove into the clear blue water, a sense of relief began to wash over him. All the stress from the long hours, and late nights of work, were soon gone. He started to feel at peace. This was all about to change when he came up for air. He broke the surface of the water and there was the same exotic woman from the flight in, staring at him with those eyes. "Oh I'm sorry, my eyes were closed, and I didn't realize that someone was standing there." She flashed a little smile as bright as her eyes.

"It's really alright, it's not like you knocked me over or anything. Since we seem to have bumped into each other, maybe we should introduce ourselves'. I'm Susan Ross. If I'm not mistaken I think we were on the same flight," Chad stood there staring at her. He found it hard to get any words out. Her effect on him was intoxicating to say the least. "Do you have a name or you going to make me guess?"

"My name is um, Chad, Chad Franklin," he told her as air rushed back into his lungs.

"Are you sure? You seem to have had to think about it," she said with a little smile. Chad was a little embarrassed. She was smart and seemed to have a quick wit. "Well I guess I'm going to have to take your word for it, unless you have an ID somewhere in those swim trunks." Chad found it painful to look into her eyes. They were mystifying.

"Well now that the introductions are out of the way, what should we do now? I know I was getting ready to get out, and grab something tall and wet. Care to join me, Mr. Franklin?" They walked over to an open table and put the umbrella up. The waiter came over and took their order, a Salty Dog for her and a Corona for him.

"I'm sorry for not being able to talk back in the pool. Something about the chemical in the water seemed to have taken by breath away," he lied. "So what brings you to the island Susan?"

"Well, I thought I would get away for a while and enjoy myself a little. I work very hard for my friends company and I needed a break. I know that sounds so much like a tourist but at least it's true. May I ask what brings you to such a beautiful place? Are you here for business or maybe just some self pleasure?" she asked, letting the last part roll off her tongue.

"Well I guess like you, I've been putting in tons of overtime and thought I would treat myself to a little, how did you put that - self pleasure." They chatted for quite some time together. The more they drank, the more they relaxed. It didn't take long before the two of them began to feel at ease with each other. "Wow look at the time. It seems we've been out here for a while. Forgive me for keeping you out so long. I should be getting back upstairs for a bit," he said.

"Oh, what room are you in, if you don't mind me asking?" Chad didn't know where this was leading, but thought he'd play along for a while.

"I'm in room 1201," he said.

"Isn't that the top floor of the hotel? I believe it's the Kings suite, isn't it?" Susan asked.

"As far as what they call it, I wouldn't know, but that sounds as good a name as any," Chad said jokingly.

"What room are you are in, if you don't mind me asking also?" Chad asked.

"Well, it seems I didn't get as good as you, I'm in 712," she replied bashfully. "But, I wouldn't mind seeing what's on the top floor, if it's not an inconvenience?" Susan added quickly, trying not to appear intrigued.

"I think that I can arrange that," he said. "In the meantime, it would be an honor to escort you to dinner tonight. That is, if you don't already have plans."

"I think that would be a lovely idea, say 7 o'clock? I'll meet you up at your room if you don't mind. That way, I can see what a king's suite looks like."

"It's a deal. I'll see you in a few hours then." They shook hands politely and then Chad walked back inside to start getting ready. "This trip is starting to get better every minute," he said to himself, smiling, as he pushed the button for the elevator.

He busied himself with trying to decide what to wear, since this was a little new to him and all. He finally decided on a pair of tan slacks and a crisp white shirt. He figured at least it would be cool and maybe that was a good thing, because things might get a little hot tonight, he hoped. It was 6:45 and he was just finishing, when there was a knock at the door. Chad opened up the door to a vision of beauty.

Susan had on a knee-length flower printed dress that showed off her ample cleavage and fantastic legs, not to mention those eyes. He was still in shock with his mouth slightly open, when her voice started ringing in his ears. "Chad, did you hear what I said?" she asked politely.

"Oh I'm sorry what were you saying?" he said, trying to regain his composure.

"I asked if it was ok if I came in, I feel a little silly standing in the hall like this." He moved out of the doorway and watched her stroll into the room. It was as if she was floating and never once touched the floor.

"Well; it looks as if you do very well for yourself, the room is very beautiful. I think you will likely get a few more dates with a room like this." Susan said as she scanned the room.

"I just have to finish up and then we can be on our way," he said, and then returned to the bathroom. He stood there splashing water on his face, trying to regain a little bit of his self-control back. "Jesus Chad, it's not like you have never seen a women before." Then that little voice in his head answered back, 'yes, but not like that!' He finished dressing and took a deep breath then went in to join her.

"That's a very nice spa you have in there. I hope you don't mind I took the liberty of looking around a bit."

"No really that's fine, I hope you like it." "Did you get to see everything?"

"Well if we both play our cards right, I will," she said with a little smile.

They went to a little café down from the hotel with a wonderful view of the ocean and the setting sun. He noticed the way the men stared at her as she walked down the boardwalk. They all must have had the same thoughts, because all of them had that blank stare most men get when they see a beautiful woman. The Drinks came and they chatted while the waiter went to put the order in.

"Susan, I must say you look beautiful tonight. I feel very lucky to have bumped into you," he said.

"Well I had thought you didn't like it. You never mentioned it when I showed up at your door. It seemed everyone was staring at us as we came down," she said as her eyes locked with his as she sipped her drink.

"I'm sorry, it seems I have been a little behind the power curve since you came up to the room," he said with a little hesitation.

"Oh really, and here I thought you were a man who likes to be on top; of his game I mean." She was quick witted and seemed to enjoy teasing him. This was turning out to be a long night, and he was going to have to watch what he said from now on.

The dinner was just as good as the desk clerk said it would be. They enjoyed a bottle of wine while watching the nightlife start to come alive. "Well Chad, that was a very nice dinner and I know I have sort of picked on you most of the night but I hope you can forgive me," she said as she touched his hand.

"I will if we don't have to call it a night just yet. I was thinking maybe we could enjoy each other's company for a while longer." Susan leaned over the table. Her breast resting on her arms which Chad could not avoid as he glanced down quickly.

"Well now that I know I'm forgiven what would you like to do to me; I'm sorry, with me?" Susan asked seductively.

"If it's not too much trouble, would you like to go to a club or bar or something like that?" Chad was as nervous as a sixteen year old during prom night.

"Consider me yours for the night then." She still had that little grin on her face.

Chad helped her up from the table. After leaving the waiter a healthy tip for leaving them alone, they strolled up the boardwalk. As Chad held her hand in his, he felt a sudden surge of excitement flow through him as they looked for a nice place to stop. They came upon a little club, they could hear the steel drums ringing out inside, so they turned to enter the club. Chad went to get a few drinks while Susan went to find a quiet spot.

After getting the drink, he found her in a corner booth waiting for him. "You picked out such a good spot, I could just kiss you!" God, what was he doing saying things like that? She just smiled as he sat down and scooted over next to her. The music was just his style up beat and swing like.

Chad loved to dance. His mother had been an instructor when he was younger. When he was growing up, he lived in Hawaii for a while and learned how to swing his hips. He just kept it up, and now he could dance with the best of them. His job kept him from doing it as much as he'd like. He hoped Susan knew what she was doing when it came to dancing, it would be nice to show off and impress her. "Susan, I was thinking, would you like to dance?"

"Well I would, but I'm still waiting. It's been almost five minutes and you still owe me a kiss for getting the table," she said. Without even blinking, he leaned over and softly touched her lips. She slowly parted her lips and allowed his tongue to touch hers, as he gently touched her face, softly holding it in one hand. It lasted only a short time. As he pulled back, she opened her eyes and looked at him. "That was very good. You could make a girl weak in the knees with kisses like those." If given the chance, he was going to do just that.

They got up and went to the dance floor. Chad took her hand in his and asked, "Are you up for this?" She just smiled and those eyes were sparkling bright. He started to spin her around, doing little swing moves. Susan just kept up, and followed his lead. 'This girl can dance,' he thought to himself. The music ended and as the band took a break. Chad escorted her back to the table and sat down beside her. Then he put his arm around the back of the booth, just behind her shoulders.

He was a little nervous about all of this, because he just met this woman and she was having a drastic effect on his behavior. "You dance very well Chad. I didn't think men knew how to dance like that. The way you use your hips is impressive," she said.

"I like to dance and have had some good teachers along the way," he told her, hoping not to sound over confident. They enjoyed each other's company for quite sometime, talking about their jobs and learning more about the things each other liked. They danced the evening away but it was getting late and Chad decided to call it a night. He didn't want to press his luck, since he was actually enjoying himself, so far.

"Well Susan; how about I walk you back to the hotel? We wouldn't want to wear ourselves out the first night; now would we?" The drinks were having some effect on Susan and it was starting to show.

"You know Chad, with a nice tight ass like you have; I think I'd follow you most anywhere." With a quick kiss on her lips as a thank you, they got up and started the walk back to their hotel. He loved the way her dress moved with her body. The grace and style of women always intrigued him. "Since I picked you up at the start of the evening I think it's only fair that I take you back to your room first Mr. Franklin," she said in a sultry tone.

The ride in the elevator was short lived. It seemed she was pressing herself up against his arm with those wonderful breasts of hers, even though they were the only two in it. Finally they arrived at his door and he took his key out to insert it in the lock, but she took it out of his hand. "Allow me, Sir."

Susan opened the door and walked in first, looking around the room jokingly, as if she was watching out for his safety. "I was just making sure everything was in order. Can't be too careful these days," she said.

"You are such a considerate date to take the trouble of ensuring my safety is taken care of Susan." Chad said as he bowed to her.

She slowly moved in front of him, locking her beautiful eyes with his. Susan placed her hands on his hips, looking up at him, and then pulled his body against hers. "So tell me, does the hot tub work or is that just for show if you have a woman in your room?"

Smiling at her and looking straight into her eyes, "I really haven't tried it yet, but as far as I know, all the equipment in this room works very well," he said with a little bit more of a hint to it. He kissed her soft lips as he wrapped his arms around her back, moving his hands over her sensuous body. They melted into each other's arms, kissing like two teenagers hungry for each other.

"Wow you kiss extremely well when you get into it! You really know how to do things to a woman's heart rate," Susan said seeming a little out of breathe. Chad continued to run his lips and tongue over her neck, using his teeth he softly nibbled her neckline.

"What can I say, I like to please a woman and make sure that she enjoys the things I do."

They continued to explore each other, using their hands to touch and feel one another. Her breasts were soft and supple, and Chad seemed to be hungry to have her nipple between his lips. She finally pulled away and stepped back, pulling the zipper of her dress down.

"Shall we see if the hot tub is working or not?" She looked down the front of his pants, which were starting to look rather tight. "Oh my, it seems some of the equipment is already working," she said, smiling like a cat that just got away with eating the canary.

Chad started to unbutton his shirt as he moved over to the hot tub. Finding the controls, he started to bring the device to life. When he finally got all of the jets running, he turned back towards Susan. He was stunned at the vision before him. The dress that she was wearing was now in a pile on the carpet, along with her bra and panties. All she had on were thigh high stockings and her heels. "Sorry, I seem to have left my bathing suit down in my room." Her lips now pushed out in a pout.

"Well, I would give you a pair of mine, although I think I like this view much better Susan," the words hardly coming out of his mouth. She moved in front of him and slowly slid his shirt off, letting her hands seductively caress his arms as it slid off his well-defined chest.

"Mind if I use this for the time being then?" she asked. She put his shirt on and buttoned it up to just below her soft breasts. Then she knelt down and undid the front of his pants, sliding them slowly down his legs, all the time looking into his eyes. "We can't have you getting these wet, can we?"

Chad stepped out of the pants, as she stood up. He still had his briefs on and decided he should just leave them on since she had put his shirt on. Maybe she just wanted to tease him. He was very interested on how all this was going to play out.

They climbed into the bubbling water, sitting across from each other. It looked like a four-person tub, so it was just right for the two of them to stretch out. Susan had her arms across the top of the tub, which made her breasts seem to break out of Chad's' shirt.

Chad was enjoying the fact that his lower body remained hidden beneath the water; it was becoming difficult to contain his painfully erect cock. "Susan, it seems that my shirt might be a little small for you," he said.

"Yes, it does seem that way doesn't it. I hope the buttons hold up! I wouldn't want to get carried away, not just yet anyway." She seemed to be enjoying this little game.

"Well, if we aren't going to get too carried away just yet, then I think this would be acceptable," he told her. He moved out of the water, his wet underwear not hiding the fact that he was very aroused. Chad slid back into the tub behind her, wrapping his legs around her slowly, placing his hands on her shoulders.

Chad started to rub her paying attention to the tense spots. He slowly worked his hands up her neck and underneath her hair. Using his fingers to manipulate the muscles, he found her a little tense, so he concentrated on her neck for the time being. "Mr. Franklin, has anyone ever told you that you have magic hands?"

She started to lean her head forward allowing him more access to her neck, and hopefully the rest of her body. The shirt was soaked, and made her look even sexier than she already was. It was hard to remain focused on the matter at hand as Susan laid her head back onto his shoulder.

He moved his hands under her arms to caress the side of her breasts, then finally, sliding one of them inside the opened shirt. His fingers moved to her left nipple and softly pulled it lightly. She turned her lips to his and they quickly became entwined with each other. She was moaning into his mouth, as he continued pulling on her nipple. He was becoming very aware that she had very sensitive nipples, and enjoying the fact that she received so much pleasure from them.

Chad returned her passionate kisses, and slid his other hand lower down the shapely curve of her body. Susan suddenly broke away from his probing tongue. She nipped at his ear and whispered, "No, not yet, Chad. Let it build up," she whispered to him. He knew this was a woman who wanted to make things last.
