 I tried hard to be a good patient, but it was difficult. With broken ribs and one leg almost entirely in a temporary cast after the surgery, I was barely able to move. I still didn't remember all of the accident, but I remembered enough to know that the sight of me doing a summersault over the hood of the car that pulled out in front of my motorcycle would have been worthy of a highlight reel on ESPN. 

After being cooped up in the bed for three days, I was getting a bit testy. I hadn't spent that much time in one position as long as I could remember. To make it worse, being allergic to almost all the good pain medications made it even more difficult. It's not good to be puking up your guts when you have half a dozen broken ribs, and the amount of new hardware inside my leg required a significant amount of pain medication. As a result my pain meds were provided by a morphine pump that allowed me to press the button and get a metered amount of the pain killer pumped directly into my blood stream. The problem was I was deathly afraid of getting hooked on it, so I used it as little as I could stand, which didn't put me in any better of a mood.

Don't get me wrong, hospitals are a great place to go when you're sick or hurt. But they're a terrible place to try to rest. Between the pain and being awoken every two hours at night to have my blood pressure and temperature checked, I wasn't getting near enough sleep to be anything closely resembling my normal cheerful self. But I tried. I pasted on a smile, and talked nicely to the nurses, even though they knew I was in pain. Several were pretty good looking and I managed to flirt some when the morphine was working. 

What I really hated was having to go to the bathroom. I was strictly forbidden from getting out of bed, unable to put any weight on one leg and unable to use crutches because of my broken ribs. Using a bed pan really didn't appeal to me. Sure, using the little bottle thing to pee in wasn't too bad, I could do that myself. But the other... well, let's say I wasn't too keen on it, even though it was getting pretty close to a critical issue tonight.

"So Mister Michaels. Are you going to let me give you a bath tonight?" The little redheaded nurse asked me as she came into the semi-private room. 

"Please. Like I've said before, just Mike, ok?"

"Ok just Mike. But then you have to call me JUST Olivia." She said with a bright smile. We had bantered this way off and on every evening over the last three days, and as much pain as I was in I still couldn't help but notice how full her chest looked on her petite. "Now how about that bath."

"I'd really prefer a shower. You could hold me up in it."

"I know, but like I told you last night, with your cast, you can't take one. Besides, I'd get all wet."

"And that would be a bad thing?"

"Apparently you think it would be nice! No, I'm sorry, you'll have to put up with my sponge bath."

"Somehow, seeing you in wet scrubs, or less, would definitely be a good thing."

"How do you know? You haven't seen me in anything but scrubs. I might look ugly as sin under them."

"I'll take that chance!" I quipped with a grin.

Now I wasn't completely against a sponge bath, especially from a cutie like her, but to be honest I was a bit embarrassed about what effect just looking at her had on me, not to mention the inuendo. I really didn't want her pulling the covers back and finding me with a huge. "What I really need is a trip to the bathroom."

"You know I can't. I told you that last night."

"Tell you what. If you help me to the bathroom, I promise I won't give you any trouble about the bath."

"You're not trying to get me in trouble are you?"

"No. I'd just really like to use the bathroom like a normal person, if you know what I mean."

"Well." She said with a long pause and a thoughtful look. "Tell you what. I need to change your bed, so how about I get a wheelchair and sit you in it. If you mange to use the bathroom while I change your bed, well there isn't much I can do about that, is there?"

"No, there certainly isn't." I answered with a grin. 

She disappeared and came back a few minutes later with bedding and a wheelchair. She closed the door and came over to help me out of bed. I was glad I had taken the dose of morphine, but even with that it was still terribly painful to move. She wrapped her arm around me and slid me out of bed and into the wheelchair with me supporting most of my weight with my one good leg. She wheeled me into the small bathroom, pulling my wheeled tail along with us and then helped me get onto the stool.

"Now sit right there." She said sternly as she disappeared to go change the bed. By the time she got back I had taken care of what I needed and was sitting patiently waiting. "All set?" She asked with a smile.

"I think so."

"Good!" She said as she helped me stand up. I wasn't against her long, only a few seconds, but I couldn't help but feel her soft body against mine and her soft breasts pressing into my side. Her hair also smelled like lilacs, which I found exceptionally pleasant. The morphine was definitely taking effect for me to ignore the pain and think about sex. She helped me sit in the chair and then wheeled me and my tube attached tail, back out into the room. She positioned the chair next to the bed and pulled the curtain around us. "As long as we're getting you back in the bed we might as well get rid of this right now." She said, untying the strings of my backless hospital gown.

"Um. I'm not sure..."

"Now Mike, you promised me no trouble. You aren't going back on your promise, are you?"

"No ma'am." I said quietly.

"It's Olivia to you." She reminded me with a playful grin.

"Ok Olivia." I said as she pulled the gown off, revealing my hard dick. I could see her trying not to look at it as she helped me stand up, but it was hard to ignore as it pressed into her leg as I turned to sit back on the bed. She leaned over to help me slide up, my hard dick jabbing into her stomach. "I'm really sorry." I said, my face red with embarrassment.

"Nothing to be sorry for. I've seen lots of hard dicks before."

"If you say so."

"I take it that one is for me?"

"I'm afraid so." I said sheepishly.

"I guess you'll have to have your girl friend take care of it later, then, won't you?"

"I'm afraid my current girl friend lives a bit far from here. I'll be lucky to see her this weekend."

"Oh. Well, I'm sorry." She said as she wet the cloth and began rubbing it around my chest and arms. "Let me help you sit up so I can do your back." She said quietly, pulling my arms gently toward her. I couldn't help but grimace with the pain in my side the motion caused. "Oh. I'm sorry. I really didn't mean to hurt you."

"It's ok. Just about anything I do hurts me at the moment." I said as she reached around and pulled me toward her so she could reach all the way around my back. I smelled her hair as she leaned against me and felt her warm soft arms around my body as she gently washed me. 

"Ok. Back easy now." She said, easing me gently back down toward the bed. Once I was settled she moved to my legs and gently lifted each one, washing and drying her way closer to my pulsing dick, pointing in the air and bobbing with my slowly increasing heartbeat. "Seems like someone is getting a bit more excited." She whispered as she gently washed around my balls and then gently stroked my hard dick with the soapy cloth. 

"ohhhhh" I groaned quietly. I wasn't sure if she was doing it on purpose or not, but she was definitely teasing the hell out of me. I really wished I could see her tits at that moment, and I must have vocalized the wish.

"No, I won't show you my tits." She whispered to me with a grin. "But thank you for thinking that they're beautiful." 

"Your welcome." I answered, not sure what exactly I had said. 

"There. All done." She said giving my dick a gentle squeeze before putting the soapy rag and towel on her little cart. She pulled out a new gown and laid it over me, holding her arms out so I could sit up. I used her for a support to pull against, pulling my way up her arms until I had my arms around her shoulders. I held her close to me, her soft tits pressing against my chest as she reached around to tie the gown. I felt like she was pressing her chest into me tighter than she really needed to, and enjoyed every second of it.

"There." She said, leaning forward with me while she leaned me back onto the raised bed back. Her face was inches from mine and I could smell the slight mint scent on her breath as she looked into my eyes. It only lasted a few seconds, but in many ways it felt like an hour, and by the time she pulled away, I could almost feel the heat from her body increase. 

"You know, you really are a beautiful woman, even if those pink scrubs hide most of it." I said quietly.

"Thank you. You're not all that hard on the eyes either."

It had been a long time since I'd heard anyone as young as her call me not hard on the eyes. In fact, the gray was starting to creep into my hairline a lot faster than I would have preferred. I was kind of surprised that I had even made such a blatant pass at a woman that was probably twenty years or more younger than I was. "Thank you." I finally got out as she released me and stood back up, straightening her scrubs, her nipples now poking obvious tents in the pinkish material. 

"I need to get back to work." She said a she pulled the covers up over my still exposed lap. I felt her reach under the blanket with one hand and gently stroke my hard dick, giving me a grin and a wink before she removed her hand and pulled the curtain aside. "See you later!" She said cheerfully before she disappeared out the door. Part of me wished she had left the curtain pulled so I could at least jack myself off, thinking about her tits.



Dinner had been the usual fare, soft foods that tasted way too bland. There wasn't much on tv either, so I finally turned it off and lay back to sleep.

"Are you asleep?" I heard Olivia whisper as she put the blood pressure cuff around my arm.

"I was." I said, squinting at the light over my bed in the dark room.

"I'm sorry. I have to do this." She said as she pulled my good arm out toward her. She trapped it between her arm and her body, pressing it against her tits, which seemed softer than they had before. She pumped the cuff and then allowed my arm to slide down to the bed until just my hand was trapped against her soft breast. She seemed to be taking her time as she bled the air from the cuff, listening with her stethoscope, which allowed me to gently play with the side of her breast with my finger. It didn't take a genius to realize that she no longer had on a bra. She smiled as she pulled the blood pressure cuff off my arm, allowing my hand to move onto the front of her breast, her hardening nipple pressing against my palm. I gave it a gentle squeeze, which made her smile as her hand slipped under the blanket and found my hardening dick. She stroked me for a few seconds before pulling her hand out. She turned away and pulled the curtain around the bed so that it blocked any view from the door if it were opened, and to my surprise, lifted the bottom of her scrubs top up, uncovering her bare tits. "Thought you might like to see what they looked like." She whispered as she hooked the material over them so they remained exposed to me.

"I did." I whispered back as I examined her melon sized breasts, each one large and round. They were firm enough that they had only some sag, and didn't lose much of their shape. The front fourth of each breast was covered with a large dark areola, each with a perfectly shaped pink nipple centered, and obviously as hard as my dick had become. She pulled the blanket back on my bed and pulled up the hospital gown so my hard dick was as exposed as her tits. 

It only took her a second to lay a towel on me and then squeeze some kind of lotion on my hard dick. She grasped both hands around my dick and gently began stroking up and down my shaft, rotating her hands as she did. Her body was well within reach and I moved my hand to her bare breast and began squeezing and massaging it, allowing her nipple to protrude between my fingers so I could squeeze it as I worked her fantastic tit. I really wished I could suck on one of them, but they were too far out away for my limited range of motion.

"You like that?" She whispered as she stroked up and down my shaft, periodically sliding one hand down onto my balls and massaging them as her other hand continued stroking and twisting on my dick.

"Oh yeah." I said as my desire for her grew by the second. I'm not really sure what I was thinking at that point, but she didn't stop me when I moved my hand down from her tit, across her firm stomach, to the tops of her scrubs bottoms. I pulled the tie that held them in place and watched as they slid down, exposing her petite pair of pink bikini panties. 

"Naughty boy." She whispered, without breaking her motion and making no attempt to pull her pants up or move her body away from my hand, which was now stroking the backs of my fingers across her panty covered mound. As I continued stroking, she spread her legs as far as the scrubs around her ankles would allow, and I slipped a finger between her legs, feeling the damp spot on her panties. Wanting more, I slipped a finger under the material and felt the wetness and softness of her lips. I slid my hand out and pulled on the waistband to give my fingers more room, sliding the panties down across her butt and exposing her brown curly bush. "Ohhhh nice." Olivia cooed as my finger slid between her legs again and stroked her lips, pressing between them and spreading them. I found her clit, which was hard and exposed, her body clearly as turned on as mine was.

"Oh god. You have me so close." I whispered as her hands stroked and twisted on my dick, driving me closer to the explosion that I knew was coming.

"Good." She half moaned as my fingers assaulted her clit.

My body couldn't take any more, and with a jerk, my dick squirted a shot of cum into the air. As all things that go up must, this too came down, landing in a huge glob of white on her left breast. She aimed my dick more into the air than toward her, and each shot arched up into the air, landing on the towel she had spread. As my body slowly returned to my own control, I returned to my work on her clit, knowing I was doing well by her gentle moans. My fingers stroked and rolled her clit, trying hard to drive her over the edge. Finally with a low growling groan, her body shook and trembled, her juices soaking my fingers and running down her legs as her orgasm washed over her.

"Damn that was nice." She panted as her climax passed and she had control of herself again. 

"For me too. Thank you, for both." I said as she used the towel to wipe my cum from my dick and then her tits. She stepped back from the bed and pulled her panties the rest of the way down, and bowed her legs wide to wipe her juices off. The position also gave me a great view of her pussy and her whole body.

"You are an incredibly beautiful woman." I said quietly. "Your husband is a lucky man."

"He would be, if I were married." She said with a smile.

"Oh. I'm sorry. I just thought..."

"I was, but not any more. He didn't like all the time I spend away at work. Wanted me to be a home body, and well... that just wasn't me." She said as she pulled her panties up and then her bottoms. She tied them and stepped back to the bed, leaving her top still over her tits. "Just between you and me, that was really wonderful. I haven't had a man make me cum in a long time. But we probably should keep it a secret, it's kind of against the rules and all."

"Well, I promise, I won't tell."

"Thank you." She whispered as she bent over, bringing her mouth to mine. She kissed me gently at first, the kiss growing more sensuous and passionate by the moment, before she pulled away breathlessly. "I think I better go." she said, pulling her top down. "I'm off shift. I'll see you tomorrow, ok?"

"Sure thing." I answered as she covered me with the blanket and then pulled the curtain back. She turned and blew me a kiss before she pulled the door open and disappeared.



The next day the doctor came to visit me in the morning, sending me off for a permanent cast on my leg. With a little negotiating, I agreed to stay in the hospital for at least another week in exchange for him agreeing to allow me out of the bed in a wheel chair. At least now I could use the bathroom legally. But the day still was long and slow sitting with nothing to do.



"Hey stud!" Olivia called as she came in at the start of her shift wearing a multi-colored pair of scrubs.

"Hey. How's things going today?"

"Pretty good. I hear you got a real cast on today." She said as she came over to take my vitals.

"Yep. I'm actually allowed out of bed now, and look... No more tubes!" I said, holding my arms up to show that I've finally gotten off the IV's. 

"Good deal. Maybe if things get slower later tonight I'll take you for a little ride."

"Sounds good to me." I replied as she finished entering the numbers on the chart. She gave me a sly little wink and then headed out the door.

I didn't see her back until well after dinner, showing up with a wheel chair. "So, How do you feel about going for a little ride?"

"Anything to get out of this room. There isn't squat on tv and I'm really tired of being stuck in this bed."

"Well, then why don't we get you out of that bed." She said as she stepped over to the edge. She tossed the covers back and helped me slide to the edge of the bed and stand on my one good leg while she moved the wheel chair around. I wrapped my arm around her for balance accidently grabbing a handful of soft breast.

"Feels like someone forgot to put something on." I said quietly.

"Really? Maybe it wasn't forgotten. But then you'll just have to wait to find out, wont you?"

"I suppose so." I answered her as she lowered me into the seat of the chair. She turned and pulled a blanket off the end of the bed and helped me lift my leg onto the elevated leg of the chair before kneeling down in front of me. She spread the blanket on my lap to cover me, sliding her hand up my thigh and grabbing my dick as she did. With a grin she stroked it a few times to start it growing and then pulled her hand out and smoothed the blanket. 

"Now, how about a ride?" She asked me suggestively.

"Any time you want."

"Hmmm I'll have to remember that." She said as she moved around behind the chair and wheeled me to the open door. I had no idea where we were headed, but we went into an elevator and headed down several floors. She wheeled me to a room and propped the door open before rolling me in. She closed the door and then turned a small light on, giving the room a gentle glow. "This door I can lock." She whispered. "But you gotta promise to be quiet."

"Anything you want." I whispered back.

With a nod she pulled the blanket off my lap and set it on the small table. She went to work on the sides of the chair, and a few moments later she had the arm rests pulled off and set on the table as well. Without a word she went to work on the tie around my neck and I got the idea and leaned forward to let her undo the ties down my back as well. She pulled the gown off of me, leaving me totally naked in front of her.

"Now. You said I forgot something. I didn't. I left it off on purpose. Wanna guess what else I left off?"

"Hmmm I bet panties."

"Uh huh." She said, pulling her scrub top up and off, exposing her bare chest to me. Then she untied the string of her bottoms and let them fall to her ankles, bending over to pull them off over her sneakers. She stood up, completely naked except for her shoes. "So what do you think?" she asked turning slowly for me.
