 Several years ago I made a trip back to my hometown to check on my elderly mother who was hospitalized. I had not lived in the town since my high school days and had lost track of most of my old acquaintances. On one of my first trips to the hospital I heard someone call out the nickname I had in grade school. I turned expecting to see a relative or old friend but I only saw an attractive dark haired lady in nurse's scrubs. I looked but did not recognize the smiling nurse. 

"Well Bobby, you don't remember me do you? Think back to elementary school and a girl who wore long braids and even longer skirts." 

I was still drawing a blank until she said the name "Wanda." Then I remembered. She was several years younger than me. I also remember her being raised in a very strict family. It was difficult to place the girl I remembered in the voluptuous body of the woman in the nurse's scrubs that seemed to be molded to her ample bosom and muscular thighs. We stood there in the corridor talking for fifteen minutes or so until she was paged. 

I was in my mother's room when Wanda stuck head in to ask if I would like to have dinner with her while I was in town. I agreed and we set a date for the upcoming Friday evening. Wanda said that would be best because she had the weekend off. 

I arrived at Wanda's condo for dinner after visiting hours that Friday evening. She met me at the door wearing a long clingy caftan that seems to sculpt itself to her curvaceous body. As we caught each other up on the twenty or so years since I graduated, Wanda explained how she had moved out of state to attend a nursing school run by her church. She had intended to become a medical missionary but had gotten married instead. Wanda explained her husband was an older man who had grown children when they met. Her husband had been a doctor and she became his nurse. They had a good life for ten or twelve years but he had died about five years earlier. Her only regret was they didn't have any children of their own. 

After she returned to our hometown she started working at the main hospital. It sounded like she had changed a lot over the years. It was still hard for me to comprehend the fact that the painfully shy girl I remembered had become the gorgeous woman with whom I was sharing dinner. 

"You know Bobby, the one thing I remember about you from when we were kids is that you never teased me like the other kids. This may sound funny but I always had a crush on you. But two things kept me from letting you know that. First, I was always too shy and then there was the age difference. If things then were like they are today..." 

I found myself doing a double take. Wanda, are you hitting on me? 

Wanda smiled, nodded her head, and even blushed as she stood-up. Picking up her wine glass and another bottle of wine, she beckoned me to follow her to her living room. I swore I could plainly see that the engorged nipples of her large breasts were now clearly visible through the material of her caftan. I could feel my cock automatically thicken because of my weakness for large breasted women. 

We walked into her living room together and sat next to each other on her posh loveseat. Wanda had this sly smile on her face. You know Bobby; I know something about you from high school that I bet you never knew.

I was totally lost by what she said and I asked, "What are you talking about?" 

"Well, you used to work three afternoons a week for the night school dean in the office next to the school store. I was doing an inventory by myself one day when I saw you and just watched your every move. I sank back into the love seat laughing 

Wanda put down her glass and moved close to me. The next thing I knew her arms were around my neck and we locked in passionate embrace. Wanda's tongue pushed its way into my mouth and she mashed her body against mine. I found my hands moving freely over her body as hers were over mine. I found myself kneading her big soft tits and rubbing her engorged nipples with my thumbs. At the same time she was first rubbing and then squeezing my crotch. When we finally broke our kiss we were both panting with arousal. 

Bobby, I haven't been this horny in a very long time. 

Wanda stood up, reached for the hem of her caftan and pulled the garment over her head. My mouth dropped open as I gazed on her naked body. I mean looking at her was like looking at a model from one of the men's magazine that specialized in models with enormous but usually fake tits. Wanda was blessed with two massive heavy tits capped with thick red nipples. Her waist was trim with shapely hips and strong, muscular thighs that framed a shaved wet cunt. 

Wanda sauntered over to me and put her hands on my shoulders to dangle her tits in my face. I couldn't resist kissing her breasts and then taking each of her succulent nipples into my gluttonous mouth. Wanda moaned and cooed about how good my mouth felt. After a while she slowly pulled away stretching the nipple I was sucking. I watched in amazement as she then lifted the same boob and flicked her tongue over the tit I had been sucking. She dropped down on her knees on the floor between my thighs and began to unbuckle my pants. 

She smiled at me and said, Bobby, just sit back and enjoy! I've wanted to do this to you for such along time. I need to do this for me and to find out what it's like to make love and to be made love to by some one I know.

By now Wanda had freed my cock. I watched her eyes widen as she held my stiff rod. God Bobby! I didn't know a man could get this hard!! 

She planted a big kiss on the head. The way her painted red lips puckered on the brown skin of my dick was truly sensual. Then she slowly almost expertly sucked on the head of my cock while fondling my nuts. I groaned in pleasure knowing any chance I had of telling her "NO" had given way to my own enjoyment. After several minutes she raised her mouth from my cock. 

"I'm sorry if that wasn't very good and I didn't make you cum, but believe it or not I've never done that before. I've only read about how it's done or what I remember from watching movies. I do know how to do this! Wanda began to straddle my dick and sink her tight cunt on my cock as I sat on the couch, but I stopped her. Oh Sweet Jesus she said! What did I do???? Don't you want me??? Without saying a word. I grabbed her body and laid her back, wanting her to feel the same enjoyment I had felt. I lifted a leg, kissing and nibbling her inner thigh. Her body stiffened and jerked. She grabbed and held my head and looked me in the eyes, for once she was speechless. Her hands began to release me and I continued my quest. I eased a finger just inside her slippery hole and she pushed against it, wanting more. As I reached her leaking juices, I found her swollen clit and nibbled my way around it. I held it in my mouth with my lips and pulled gently. From the sound of her moans and movement of her hips, I was hitting the right spot. I could feel her body when she would lean up as if to ask me to quit, but the words were lost and wouldn't come out Finally, she broke her silence and screamed out..I'm cumming. 

I pulled out my finger and licked it clean as Wanda watched in amazement. I crawled up between her legs and held still at her opening. When I leaned over to kiss her, she grabbed my ass cheeks and pulled me in. That thing of yours feels so, so, good inside of me, she said. Oh God, I've never had such a hard dick before! Oh Bobby. I held her body tight and with thrust after thrust bringing more moans. Each time my cock entered, I felt juices splatter and cover our thighs and run down the crack of her ass. I felt her feet clutch my ass and pull me in faster. Her body began to twitch and her breaths were sporadic. She got quite with her orgasm; a contrast to her other orgasm when she was vocal. With a look of "it's your turn". She rolled me over and began to suck my dick and cleaned her juices off at the same time. Wanda began to ride my cock like a wild woman. Those huge tits of hers were bouncing all over her chest. I never remember any woman riding my cock so enthusiastically. I reached up and held those nipples and watched them stretch each time she bounced. She wasted no time in making my cock reach that explosive peak. A few more strokes and I was in the mist of my orgasm. Looking me in the face and as if saying, this is payback, she kept my cock buried in her moist hole. Wanda continued riding me and it seemed like a matter of only a few moments before she stiffened and I felt the muscles of her cunt contract around my cock with her orgasm. She collapsed against my chest. 

Wanda that was great!!! You're really something else! I would never have imagined my shy friend would turn into such a wanton woman and enthusiastic lover. I emphasized my comment my thrusting my still erect cock into my lover. There was a surprise look on her face when she realized I was still ready for more lovemaking. We both started laughing.

"I think we need to go into the bedroom. Sheets will be a lot easier to clean than your couch!" 

Wanda nodded and agreed but first suggested a shower. We stood there in her living room kissing for a while before we showered. I found myself holding this sexually eager woman's body against mine. Instinctively my right hand drifted to her left boob and I gently began to knead the pliant orb. Her nipple swelled and Becky sighed. I bent down to tenderly kiss and tease the luscious red morsel. Damn Wanda where did you hide these when we were in school?

The whole time we embraced and talked Wanda was gently stroking my cock. I had seldom been with any woman so enthusiastic about sex. Once in the shower as the spray stung our bodies I backed her up against the wall of the shower. She giggled and lined the head my cock up with the opening of her cunt. 

We leaned against each other and both sighed as my dick slid into her juicy box. Wanda's head dropped with her eyes closed as she savored the feeling of my hard cock moving inside her. There was the sound of the water mixing with the wet slap of our loins and the slap of her ass against the wall. Wanda began to moan and her legs began to tremble as she neared another orgasm. I pushed her hard against the wall and lifted her legs to grip my waist as I continued thrusting until I came deep into her. 

After our shower we headed to the bedroom. Once inside I knew that Wanda had planned the evening very well. The lights were low and the fresh red satin sheets were turned down in invitation. Wanda hopped on the bed, motioning for me to join her. As I climbed on the bed next to her, we hugged and kissed again. My cock was on alert mode in an instant as she stroked me lovingly. She slipped her body down mine dragging her tits over my torso. Her engorged nipples seemed to bend and wiggle sending tingles of pleasure through both of our bodies. Wanda gripped my cock tightly in her right hand. Bobby, I want to suck you again but I want to feel you cum this time.I spun Wanda's legs around so her crotch was over my face. "That's fine as long as you promise not to bite my cock when I suck your clit!" 

We both laughed. Wanda swirled her tongue over the sensitive head of my dick. My body twitched as I felt her slowly push those beautiful full lips down my cock. I heard her moan when the head of my cock touched the back of her throat and then I felt her warm, wet mouth moving up and down the length of my manhood. At the same time I began to lick and suck the lips of her dripping cunt and marvel as it opened like a flower. I had never been with a woman whose pussy had remained so wet throughout. To my amazed eyes her larger than average clitoris swelled and stuck out almost an inch from its hood. The bud of super sensitive tissue actually resembled a small very short, little penis. 

Wanda's head snapped up from her oral ministrations and she cried out, "Oh MY GOD!!!!! OH MY GGGOODDD!!!...What are you doing to ME!!!?" By this time I had her very agitated clit securely trapped between my top teeth and tongue, which was stimulating her to a virtually unending series of orgasms. Her hips were literally bouncing on my face. I never released her clit as I rolled her on to her back. Wanda's over-sized clit was so sensitive and she was so stimulated that she all but lost consciousness as she orgasmed. Once she regained her composure, she continued working on my rock hard cock. Between her manipulations on my rod, enthusiasm and her reactions during her orgasms; my excitement was reaching a peak. My body began to tense when her tongue reached my balls as she stroked my throbbing rod. I held her body and came very hard. I was the one left gasping for breath now. 

Wanda hugged me as we cuddled up next to each other. Wanda cooed and moaned, "THAT FEELS SO NICE!" The she rolled up next to me before falling to sleep and my cock resting against the crack of her ass. The next morning I awoke to find Wanda sucking my cock again. I laid back and enjoyed the combined sensations of her mouth on my cock and her tits rubbing against my thighs as her mouth moved up and down. This time she gently squeezed my nuts until I flooded her mouth. Wanda knelt next to me with this self-satisfied grin on her face. 

Wanda and I spent the morning making love in every conceivable way and position. I never remember anyone as sexually insatiable as she was that day. At one point she left the bed and went in the bathroom. She returned carrying a bottle of body oil and devilish grin. 

"I bet I know something you might like." Wanda began pouring oil on her cleavage and then smeared all over her bountiful breasts. She mounted the bed and crawled toward me swinging her tits and grinning like a cat. She crept between my legs and brushed herself against each of my thighs. My cock began to throb and Wanda's tongue flickered into the cleft of the glans and slowly licked my cock from my balls to the tip. 

She giggled as she trapped my cock between her tits. Now I've enjoyed being titty fucked for years but Wanda's technique was special. Not only did she slide those big well-oiled mammary glands up and down my cock but she also moved them back and forth in opposite directions actually caused my cock to twist. 

All the while my new lover cooed about how good my hard cock felt between her tits. It didn't take long for me to reach another orgasm. She grasped my shaft and squeezed it tight as if she were milking it. Then she pursed those juicy lips and sucked the tip as hard as she could. As she finished Wanda grasped her left tit just behind the nipple and smeared the remains of my cum that oozed out of my cock all over her nipples

I grabbed my lover in a tight hug and rolled with her on the bed kissing. Laughing hysterically Wanda rolled onto her stomach and cried out, "Oh NO YOU DON'T!!! I'm not a bad girl you can't touch my tits or stick that thing of yours in my pussy.I laughed knowing that she was only teasing. I directed my attention to her shapely ass. First I kissed each well-formed cheek and then gently nipped each buttock with my teeth. When the laughing Wanda wiggled her ass in my face, I snaked my left arm around her waist lifting her to her knees. I pushed my now fully erect man-meat into wet pussy from behind. 

As we started to seriously fuck doggy style I spread the cheeks of her ass to tease her tight asshole with my index finger. The way she shrieked and giggled told me that her anus was as much an erogenous zone for her as it could be. While I doubted that Wanda had ever engaged in anal sex I decided to give her a thrill. I wet my finger and slowly buried it in her tight anus. To my surprise she didn't pull away but let a moan of surprised and started to giggle. My laughing lover suddenly looked over her shoulder and said, Bobby, you're nasty man!!! To ensure she had an orgasm I began to diddle that sensitive clitoris again. We peaked at virtually the same instant. We were both giggling wildly as we collapsed on her bed.