 I had just got off the 4 train and 125th when I saw this nice ass standing in front of me on the platform. She was leaning against one of the many columns. Just above her low rider denim jeans was exposed hip and back skin-- there was a tattoo that was only partially visible. Above that was a tight short tee that left little to the imagination.

I went and stood next to her and I saw that she was a pretty, light-skinned Puerto Rican mami. She looked at me and I flashed my pearly whites. All kinds of thoughts were going through my head, making my dick get harder and harder. As the 6 train pulled into the station I stepped closer to her to take in her scent. I was intoxicated by the perfume she was wearing. 

"You smell real good, what are you wearing?" I said as she leaned off the column to step into the car. She turned to look at me then grinned from ear to ear.

"It's called A-mo-rooge!"

"I love it." 

I was standing right behind her at this point as the doors closed right behind me. I leaned against the doors as the train pulled out of the station. My eyes casted downward toward her phat ass and wide hips. 

"What the hell is that tattoo? It is some word!" I thought to myself as I gazed at her body. I leaned forward.

"I don't mean to sound creepy, but what does your tattoo say?"

She leaned her head back and said "Emily! Lift my shirt and see."

Man you ain't got to tell me twice. I lifted her shirt a little and saw a beautiful tattoo. "By the way, my name is Five."

"I didn't ask you for your name. And what kind of name is five?"

"I thought it was only right since I know yours and I was just fondling your clothes."

She stepped back a little and brushed her ass against my dick. Emily turned her head a little and I could see a smile on her face. "So, is "Five" your real name or a street name?"

"I was born on May fifth at five in the afternoon. You figure it out." I let my hands rest on her left hip.

"Why are you touching me?" I looked around to see a couple of people looking at us. "I don't even know you she whispered."

"Why were you rubbing your ass on my dick?"

"Because I could see you staring at my ass and licking your lips." I looked up and into glass of the door across from us. "You want me to stop?"

"No. I wanna take you home and fuck the shit out of you?" I placed both hands on her ass and hips while whispering into her ears.

"What are you working with Five?" She ground her ass into my crotch harder. At 5'7" this girl's ass crack was right on my balls and dick. 

As the train pulled into the Hunts point station I said "What stop are you getting off at?"

"Parkchester. What about you?"

"Parkchester also!"

Ten minutes later we were running down the steps at the Parkchester stop. She grabbed my hand and said, "Come, let's go to my place before my folks get home."

"How old are you ma?"

"I'm nineteen. How old are you?"

"Twenty-five."

We walked into a private house a block from the station and started kissing each other fiercely before the front door closed. It was 3:45. Emily pulled me up to her room and started pulling her shirt off. She ripped my clothes off. When we were naked I grabbed her 36C breasts and started licking and sucking them. Her nipples were smooth. I could feel it getting hard in my mouth as my lips cover her nipple. I bit it just hard enough and it turns her on. She likes her nipples bitten. I did not stop with sucking on her nipple. I ravished her breast then I heard a little moan followed by "ohhhh" as I bit her nipples.

I pushed her down onto her full-sized bed and started kissing her down to her belly-button. I licked and sucked her, making her tremble with pleasure. Emily pushed my head south, and I was soon licking the hell out of her clit. I licked those sweet pussy lips and stuck my tongue into her sugar walls and tasted her nectar. My right index finger explored her butt-hole and my thumb replaced my tongue in her pussy. After about fifteen minutes and five orgasms, I stood up and grabbed my meat in my hands. She looked at my cock and licked her lips.

"Wow. How big is it?"

"Big. About ten inches." She measured me against her palm and smiled real wide.

"You're right. You're the biggest I've ever seen." 

With that Emily opened her mouth and slipped it over my dick. Her mouth was hot and wet and she started moving it back and forth on my ten inches. Emily was moaning and moving faster and faster. I was getting weak in the knees and grabbed onto her head and fucked her mouth with everything I had. Emily opened up wider and deep-throated my member. I felt the tightness of her throat wrap around me. Emily pulled me out and sucked my balls into her mouth. She licked the shaft and ball until they were completely wet. She went back to sucking me and after five more minutes my climax came and I erupted into her mouth pulled out and blasted those last two emissions onto her face.

We layed down for a while and gave each other massages. I was 4:30 when Emily felt my cock poking her ass while I was finishing up my massage. She reached into the bottom drawer of her night stand and pulled out a condom, opened it, popped it into her mouth and flips over and rolls into onto my dick with her mouth. Emily turned around again and I just grabbed those hip and rammed my dick into that pussy. She squealed in pain because she was very tight. After a while that turned to pleasure.

"Oh God you are fucking huge. Fuck me harder. Ohhh! Ohhh!"

"You like this dick?"

"Hell yeah." She started pushing back against me for me to fuck harder. And fuck her I did.

We were going at it for about 15 minutes when I started playing with her asshole. I stuck my thumb in and wiggled it around for awhile.

"Can I get in there?"

"No. You're too big. You gonna rip me open."

"We can lubed it up real good and give it a go." After ten more minutes fucking and trying to convince Emily to let me fuck her in the ass, she finally gave in. She retrieved some KY from her drawer and I lubed her and myself up real well.

"I've only tried this once before with someone much smaller so please be gentle."

I placed the tip of my cock at her puckered hole and pushed slowly. Her ass opened up and accepted me. She relaxed at more of the ten inches was able to go in. After a while I started fucking her ass for all it was worth. Emily was moaning and I was groaning. We both climaxed at the same time and collapsed in a heap. At about 5:30 thirty Emily's phone rang. It was her mother telling her to meet her at the train station to help with some packages. We rushed out of the house and walked down toward the station. We exchanged numbers and I kissed her one last time and went home. I was definitely gonna hook up with this girl again.

I opened my phone book and place her number inside. I flipped open my Palm m500 and added it there also. I put stars next to her name as she joined the list of many shorties that I have bagged over the past nine years. I was up to 200.