 The class in Abnormal Psychology wasn't going as well as Sally had hoped. It was supposed to be a senior honors seminar taught by old Mr. Davenport. It was supposed to be an easy A. Sally needed an A to boost her grade point average if she was ever going to qualify for financial aid when she applied for college. If she couldn't get some kind of financial aid, she would end up at the local junior college and have to live at home for at least another year.

The week before school started old Mr. Davenport had a minor heart attack. The rumor was that he keeled over while "grating his carrot." When they found him, he was logged onto an Internet porn site – supposedly to update his lesson plan for the coming semester. At least that's what he told the school administrator, that he was updating his lesson plan, when he was well enough to receive visitors.

The school could have cancelled the course, but instead decided to borrow an instructor from the local community college. When the news was announced, most of Sally's girl friends decided to drop the class. Sally needed an easy A so she decided to take a chance with the new instructor. So now she was stuck with a room full of boys. In one way it was neat to be the only girl in the class. But it was slightly embarrassing during class discussions.

"Miss Hooper, have you ever wondered what it its like to go beyond the bounds of traditional sexual behavior? And based on what you've heard, 'girl talk' in the cafeteria, do you think anal intercourse is commonly practiced among high school students?" Mr. Morgan asked the first day of class.

Mr. Morgan didn't ask that faggot Tommy Johnson, the obnoxious pimply faced boy who sat two seats down, when he started sucking cock or did he swallow. And he certainly didn't ask that closet cross-sex dresser Wayne Goddard who sat across the table how much he liked to dress up in a bra and panties and wack off when his parents weren't at home.

'Why the fuck did he have to pick on me?' Sally thought to herself that first day of class. A month later, after the first exam, Sally was also fighting for a C.

At that time Sally Hooper was an 18 year old high school senior, 5'3" tall and barely 100 pounds. She wasn't virgin and she wasn't a natural blonde. She taped in at 32-22-33 and barely filled an A-cup bra. She wasn't a perfect 10, more like a 6 or a 7, if you like skinny girls with perky little tits.

Even so, her boyfriend liked to remind her that she had a great ass for such a little girl, but that was as far as it went. They had been fucking and sucking since the middle of her sophomore year, but their sex was becoming almost routine, almost boring.

Over the summer Sally found her mom's copy of "The Story of O" and was turned on by the possibility of anal sex. Some nights she would imagine that she was O, forced to wear a butt plug and restraining harness, to make her rectum more accessible to her lover.

With such a great ass, Sally wondered if her boyfriend would ever have the imagination to put a finger or two, if not his cock, into her virgin asshole. She even hinted that might really turn her on. But he didn't pick up on the suggestion. So their sex life consisted of missionary position fucking once or twice a week, and an occasional blow job if she was on the rag. 'Christ, married life must be a drag, if I end up married to a dope like him,' Sally thought to herself, followed by 'and I have an idea why some women get bored with hubby and start to cheat.'

When getting fucked in the ass wasn't on her mind, Sally knew she would have to do something drastic if she was going to salvage an A for the stupid psychology course. It was right before Thanksgiving recess that she built up her courage and decided to approach the instructor.

"Mr. Morgan, I'd like an appointment to discuss my grades."

The instructor was packing his discussion materials and the other students were already out of the classroom. He looked at his wrist watch and thought for a moment.

"I have a class at C.C. in a half and hour, and then a faculty meeting. Can you come over to the campus when your classes are over – say at four p.m.?"

Sally would have to take a bus to get over there – what a pain in the ass that would be – but getting a C for the course would be worse.

"Yeah, sure, around four. I can make it."

The young girl was pretty average looking as high school students go, but sexy in an off-beat way. That is, if you like skinny girls without a lot of tit. Morgan guessed that she wasn't used to getting her own way most of the time, so it would be easy to manipulate her, to see how far she would go. He also realized this was dangerous territory – playing around with someone so young, just 18 from the class registration record he had been provided. But he sensed she was looking for something more than the opportunity to discuss her grades.

"Not 'around four.' At four, promptly. Tardiness is not acceptable. Do you understand?" 

Sally felt like she was being scolded, that Morgan was treating her like a naughty child. She looked down at the floor and blushed.

"Yes, Sir," she replied meekly.

"Then say it. Tell me you understand."

"Yes, Sir, I understand."

"Good! Then at four, promptly."

Sally's first though was that she would con Mr. Morgan into agreeing to give her an A for the course. She'd take off her bra before going to see him, flash him some of her perky little tit, maybe a little bit of thigh, and have him eating out of her hand. If she had to, she'd offer to give him a blow job, if that's what it would take to get an A.

The more she thought about it, the more Sally liked the idea. She thought about it all day, getting Mr. Morgan all hot and bothered, and by the end of the school day she was pretty hot and bothered herself.

Getting out to the local community college by bus was going to be a royal pain in the ass. She'd make him pay for that, the bastard, putting her through all this inconvenience simply to get an A.

Sally knew the really good looking girls always got A's. It was part of the unwritten rule at her high school. But the plain ones, or the skinny ones, or the ones with not much tit had to work for their grades. Life wasn't always fair.

Sally went into the bathroom after her last class to take off her bra. She put some blush on her cheeks and a little gloss for her lips and knew this was as good as it was going to get. Quickly she went into one of the stalls, took off her denim jacket, and quickly pushed down her bright yellow tube top. The strapless bra went into her purse. At that point she should have pulled up the tube top, put her jacket back on, and headed for the door.

But Sally just couldn't resist the temptation to give her little nipples a tweak or two. G-d, that felt so nice, and almost instantly she was looking at two hard little pink nubs sticking out of her chest.

'You're beautiful,' Sally thought to herself, 'A-cup beautiful, but beautiful just the same.' Then the silly little slut began to caress the inside of her thigh. Her denim skirt was very short, so there was a lot of thigh to caress.

She took a look at her watch, and decided there was enough time. Quickly she unbuttoned her skirt in back, and then pulled it up over her shapely hips. Then she went into her purse, and dug out her newest toy – the Japanese remote – and her old favorite – the Pocket Rocket. The remote ran off battery pack and had a slim plastic bullet at the end of the wire. Quickly Sally lubed the pretty silver bullet and set the speed at medium. She reached behind her and pushed the string of her string bikini to one side. Leaning forward Sally imagined her boyfriend was taking her in the ass, as she slowly pushed the vibrator deep into her rectum.

"Hmmm … oh … dear G-d …that feels so nice" she said softly, to nobody in particular.

Sally pulled the front of her thong to one side, with her left hand. With her right she pressed the Pocket Rocket against her clit. By then her cunt was a small lake, and after a minute she slipped the vibrating Rocket easily into her wet dripping pussy. She turned up the speed a notch and could feel the vibrations through the thin membrane separating her vagina from her rectum.

It was easy for Sally to imagine the Rocket was her boyfriend, his thick middle finger buried in her asshole, his thumb in her cunt, having her in both places at the same time. First it was his finger and thumb, in and out, fucking her with his hand, and then rubbing his finger and thumb together, sending shivers back and forth between her cunt and her asshole. She gave her clit a flick or two and exploded with a powerful orgasm.

"Oh my fucken' G-d," she said out loud when it was over. Fortunately there was nobody else in the girl's bathroom to hear her.

'You're a hot little slut,' Sally thought to herself, when the trembling finally subsided. She had never masturbated before in a public place, and the thought of being caught, or at least being overheard, added to the excitement. Then she looked at her watch. It was later than she imagined, and she'd have to hurry to get to Morgan's office by 4:00 p.m.

Quickly, Sally wiped off the Pocket Rocket and put it back in her purse, along with the tube of KY. The remote vibrator felt so nice in her ass that Sally decided to keep it in place. Besides, it would be too much of a hassle to clean it off, especially since she knew she would want to put it back in her rectum and masturbate again as soon as she got home from the meeting. So all she did was to turn down the power to low, to keep the gentle hum going in her rectum, to keep her pussy juice on a slow simmer. She tucked the power pack under the waist band of her thong, pulled up her skirt, pulled her tube top up over her perfect young tits, and Sally was ready to conquer the world.

There wasn't time to check her makeup, but she hoped she looked good enough to charm Mr. Morgan. It was a quick walk to the bus stop, but Sally wasn't quick enough. The local bus was just pulling out as she came out the school door. 'Fuck,' she said to herself. The next one would be in seven minutes.

Sally stood at the bus stop for the entire seven minutes. The vibrator in her rectum felt nice, but it did nothing to calm her down. Finally the bus arrived. She climbed aboard and took a seat close to the front. Normally she used the vibrator while lying on her bed. Sitting with the vibrator pushed up her ass added a totally different sensation. She was getting aroused again, starting to perspire. By the time the bus made its way across town, sweat was running down her arm pits. 'Oh, shit, I must smell like a bitch in heat,' Sally thought to herself. 'He'll know the minute I walk in the room that I wanked myself off before I came to meet him.'

Morgan's office was harder to find than Sally imagined, and she was 12 minutes late when she finally knocked on the door.

"Enter."

Sally opened the door and stepped into the room. The office was a modest size, maybe 10 feet by 12, with book shelves along one wall and file cabinets along the other. Morgan sat at the far end of the room, with his back to the door, working at his computer work station. Instead of a desk, there was a large table in front. Two wooden arm chairs, antique oak, the kind they used to have in Federal buildings and Post Offices, were on either side of the door, about six feet in front of the table.

Sally couldn't decide if she should sit or stand. Morgan didn't invite her to pull up a chair and sit, and his back was still to her.

"Yes?" from Morgan.

"I'm here to talk about my grades …" Sally began hesitantly. This wasn't how she planned it.

"I know that. You barely earned a C on the first test. And now you're 12 minutes later."

"I'm sorry … Sir … the bus was late …"

"That's not true. It runs on a published schedule and its always on time. You just didn't plan very well. And now you're making up a bullshit story to avoid the consequences of your actions."

Morgan was still looking at the computer screen. Over his shoulder Sally could see an image of a young woman, naked, kneeling on a bed, her head down, her shapely ass up in the air.

"I'm sorry, Mr. Morgan."

"So what did you want to talk about?"

"My grades …"

"They suck," from Morgan. "You're either very lazy or very stupid."

That hurt. None of her teachers had ever criticized her like that.

"I'm not stupid. It's just that I didn't prepare for the exam."

"And so?"

"And so, I'd like to do something to earn 'extra credit.' Maybe you can suggest a research project?"

"If the answer to your essay question was any indication of your ability, I don't think you have the capacity to do independent research."

Christ, that hurt.

"Please, Sir, isn't there something I could do to earn extra credit, some project that you can direct me in? I really do need to pull up my GPA so I can get financial assistance - so that I can go away to college. If not, I'll have to live at home and go here to C.C. next year."

When Sally realized what she had just said, that she had just insulted her teacher by implying the C.C. was clearly second rate, Sally did feel incredibly stupid.

Slowly Mr. Morgan turned around in his chair. He was smiling a very sly smile. This was going to work out better than he had planned.

"So, which are you, Miss Hooper?"

"I'm afraid I don't understand, Sir."

"Abnormal Psychology. The students here at C.C. call this course 'Nuts and Sluts.' Most of them take it out of curiosity, to find out which they are. You don't seem crazy, so you must be a slut."

"I'm not either, Sir, a nut or a slut." Sally wasn't crazy. But considering that 30 minutes earlier she had masturbated in a public toilet, and still had a vibrator firmly lodged in her rectum, Morgan's second choice was a strong possibility.

Sally blushed and looked down at the floor. Having to stand in front of the teacher for this interrogation was making the young girl feel very uncomfortable. And how could he tell what a little pervert she really was?

Morgan didn't say anything for at least two or three minutes. Sally could feel the sweat running down her back as her discomfort increased..

"I think I have an idea for a research project." Morgan paused, and then he smiled. "Something to do with hypnosis, something I think you'll enjoy."

"I don't understand."

"For years researchers have wondered if people would do things under hypnosis that they wouldn't normally do."

"Such as?" Sally was becoming curious.

"Let me demonstrate. Sally, put your purse and jacket on the table and then take of your tube top and skirt."

"Fuck you!" Sally blurted out. "This is preposterous." Sally wasn't used to taking orders – especially not an order to undress in front of a total stranger.

"Good response. That's a normal response, something I'd expect from an 18 year old high school student. Now, if you're interested in earning an A for the course, you'll agree to participate in a series of experiments."

"Like what?" Sally wasn't sure where this was headed.

"You'll agree to let me try to hypnotize you, here, in my office. Then we'll repeat this little experiment. My guess is that you are a slut, and that under hypnosis, you'd just dying to show me your sexy little tits and your very shapely young ass. I'd even bet you'd be willing to repeat the experiment for the entire class, to show the boys what a sexy little whore you really are."

Sally started to blush. The blush started at her forehead, and then the heat worked its way down her face and neck. She could feel her chest turning red, and then her nipples felt like they were on fire.

"I'm not like that," Sally started to protest. The vibrator was still gently vibrating in her rectum and her cunt was sopping wet. "I'm not a slut like you say I am. Whatever you think of me, I'm not." And for emphasis, Sally stamped her foot on the floor. That was a mistake, because it only made her tits shake. Her nipples were clearly visible through the tight spandex top and showing them off only made her feel more aroused – and even slutty.

"Then let's just forget about it. If you apply yourself, maybe you can salvage a C or a C+ for the course, and end up here at C.C. next year. Or you can take part in this little series of experiments, earn a solid A, and a letter of recommendation from me for your outstanding work in a senior honors course. Most of all, you won't have to see me regularly on campus all next year."

As far as Sally was concerned, there really wasn't much of a choice.

"How do we begin?"

"First of all, you owe me six."

"Owe you six what?" Sally was perplexed. This man was starting to sound like he was totally crazy.

"Six - on your ass - with the paddle. For being 12 minutes late. I'm being very generous with your punishment. One for every two minutes late. If we were in a relationship and you showed up 12 minutes late, I'd give you an even dozen. Remember, I never give less than six."

'In a relationship,' Sally thought to herself, 'this man is fucken' loony tunes.'

"It wasn't my fault that I missed the bus. And besides, I'm 18 years old. I'm not your 'girlfriend.' And you just can't treat me like a naughty child."

Morgan thought about it for a while. Then he thought some more. Sally started to fidget – to shift her weight from one foot to the other as she stood in front of his desk.

"No, I can't. You're perfectly right! You're 18, you're not my girlfriend and you do have free will – to get a C or an A in my course – to get spanked for tardiness or not. You're perfectly right, of course."

At that point Sally felt like she had just won the battle – he couldn't just spank her – but she had also just lost the war. Maybe she was as stupid as he said. G-d, she couldn't live at home for another year. She would go crazy.

"I do need the A – and a recommendation letter would really help."

"Then put your jacket and purse on the chair in back of you, and then lean over the table. Since it's your first formal punishment, I won't spank you on the bare, this time, for being tardy. Consider yourself lucky, young lady."

Sally felt like she was in a daze as she followed Mr. Morgan's instruction. G-d, would he really make her take off her underwear if he had to spank her again? The thought was just too humiliating.

As Sally leaned across the table, Morgan moved his chair out of the way she could see his computer screen. Again, Sally could see the image of the young women kneeling on the bed, her head down, her ass up in the air, her knees wide apart. Sally noticed that the women wore her hair in a braid, long blonde hair, but from the pubic patch visible at the tops of her thighs, it was clear she wasn't shaved, and equally clear she wasn't a natural blonde.

"She's very pretty, isn't she?" Morgan asked.

"I guess so …" Sally really didn't know what else to say.

"And clearly very naughty …"

That was when Sally noticed the marks on the young woman's ass. She had been punished with a cane, and four perfectly parallel welts were clearly visible.

"I understand she took a dozen – three strokes one on top of the other, to mark her each time. I'm also told she didn't begin to cry or whimper until the final three. I'll use a paddle - so it won't hurt as much as an English school cane. I hope you can be as brave as she was."

Sally was absolutely terrified. Involuntarily, she tightened the cheeks of her shapely young ass. The vibrator was still humming in her rectum and clinching her ass magnified the pleasant sensation. Then she heard the paddle …

Thwak!

"Oh, fuck!"

"Count, and watch your dirty mouth or I'll give you extra for swearing."

There was a long silence as Sally tried to hold back her tears.

"If you don't count, it doesn't count, and you have to take it over."
