 I took Simon back to his bed and went back to the night-desk where Nicky was sitting with her book. She looked up at me and gave me that knowing smile again. 

"Everything alright?" she asked. 

"Oh, yes, no problems," I replied, hoping that I sounded convincing. 

"You were gone a long time," said Nicky, "I was going to come looking for you. To see if you needed any help." 

The way she was grinning at me convinced me that she knew that I had been up to something with Simon. I felt myself blushing. Nicky continued, "Simon's really quite impressive, isn't he?" 

I still tried to bluff it out. 

"What do you mean?" Nicky closed her book with a snap. 

"Oh come on, Sue, don't pretend with me, I've seen how you are with Simon, You can't leave him alone!" 

I realised that denying it was futile and sat down on a chair next to Nicky. 

"Oh, God," I groaned, "has it been that obvious?"

"I've been watching you for a while, Sue. You always jump up when he needs something. And you spend more time with him than you do with the other patients. It doesn't take a genius to work out that you fancy him."

My mind was racing - it wasn't a crime to fancy a patient - did Nicky know that I had done a lot more than that? Nicky continued, "Mind you, from what I've seen he certainly has a lot to fancy!"

I acted dumb, "What do you mean?" 

Nicky laughed, "Sue, we've all had to tend to him at some stage. You can't tell me that you haven't noticed his huge penis!"

I knew I was blushing like a schoolgirl. I was also jealous and didn't like the fact that the other nurses might also have taken a shine to Simon. I realised at that moment that it wasn't only his cock that I was infatuated with, I was actually falling for him! 

I was irritated by Nicky's comments and snapped at her, "So what! He's actually very nice you know. He's a lot nicer to talk to than most of the other crabby patients we have to deal with!" 

I realised I was leaping to my defence too readily and shut up. 

Nicky smiled, "Keep calm, Sue. If you get on well with him then that's great. Just don't lose sight of the fact that he is the patient and you are the nurse. I wouldn't mix business with pleasure if I was you." 

So saying she got up and walked off, leaving me none the wiser as to how much she knew. Furthermore, how much did other people know? 

I had had several late duties in a row and so when I went home after my duty ended I had almost 24 hours rest before I was due to return to work. I spent a great deal of time going over what Nicky had said and thinking about my actions. I knew I had acted foolishly and resolved not to be so reckless ever again. I would try and keep in touch with Simon after he was discharged because I really did like him, but until then I was determined to behave myself.

When I next went on duty I busied myself about the ward, acting like Florence Nightingale herself, chatted to Simon without any touching, and by lunch time began to feel that I had everything neatly in perspective. I even talked to Nicky a few times and we got on very well. She made no more references to Simon and I began to feel that she was on my side and supporting me. I was dealing with a patient who needed his dressings changed when a nurse popped her head through the screens and told me that Mr Walker wanted to see me. 

Mr Walker was the senior orthopaedic surgeon in the hospital who dealt with all the patients in the ward. Because I was a student nurse I had been to many of his lectures. 

He was very strict and quite frightening and expected us to learn about breaks and fractures almost as quickly as the medical students.

His consulting room was on an upper floor and when I had finished with my patient I went up to his office. I knocked, feeling very nervous, and heard him say "Come in!" I went in and closed the door behind me. Doctor Walker was sitting at his desk writing something on a patient's notes and I stood waiting for him to finish, getting more and more nervous. 

He didn't look up until he had finished writing. Eventually he put his pen down and looked up at me.

"Now, Miss W*, do you have any idea why I have asked to see you?" 

"No, Doctor." He looked annoyed.

"I am a surgeon - call me Mr Walker. You realise that I am responsible for the orthopaedic ward, and that includes the welfare of the patients and the professional development of the nurses and student nurses?"

"Yes, Doctor... Mr Walker."

"There appear to be a few concerns on the ward, Miss W*, and I have heard that you may be getting too, how should I put this, attached to one of the patients."

I was now terrified; I could see my nursing career flying out of the window! 

"I don't know what you mean, Mr Walker."

"The patient is Simon J***, and there have been allegations that you have allowed yourself to get involved with him to a point that brings into question your suitability for nursing." 

There was a rushing sound in my ears and the room started to spin. I felt as if I was going to faint. Mr Walker saw my distress, "Perhaps you had better sit down," he said and motioned me to a chair.

"It would appear from your reaction, Miss W*, that there is an element of truth in this allegation."

I knew I couldn't bluff it out and my eyes filled with tears. I nodded in silent confession.

Mr Walker then questioned me with immense cunning - he phrased his questions so cleverly that even though I tried to make it seem that I was merely infatuated with Simon I could not prevent him from extracting more and more information until it was obvious that I had indeed had sex with Simon. The exact nature of what we had done was never referred to but Mr Walker constantly referred to 'improper conduct'.

"I have a difficult decision to make, Miss W*," he said, getting up from his chair and pacing up and down behind me.

"If improper conduct is suspected of a student nurse, then it is my duty to report this and a thorough investigation will ensue. You will of course be suspended until the outcome of the investigation is known. From what you have told me so far, it would appear that you would be very unlikely to get through this process unscathed."

"No, Mr Walker."

"My decision is difficult, Miss W*, because I hold the future of your career in my hands.

At the moment I am the only person in authority who knows about this. If I choose, then the matter will go no further. If I report it then it is very likely that your nursing career will be over. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Mr Walker."

"I have looked at your record, Miss W*, and until this incident your record has been perfect. 

I am naturally reluctant to let such a promising career end without exploring every possible avenue."

At this stage I was sobbing into my hands, a quite pathetic sight. 

Suddenly I felt Mr Walker's hands on my shoulders, his voice had been stern throughout but the touch of his hands was gentle and reassuring.

"There is a possibility that I could be convinced that ending your career was not the best option." Now his voice seemed softer and I stopped crying.

"What do you mean, Mr Walker?"

"I hope that you can see that I don't want to jeopardise your career.

It is the last thing that I want. But if I don't pursue the matter my conscience would trouble me. I would need something from you to convince me that it was the right thing to do."

Now, dear readers, I know I am not very smart. Right up till then I had not had the faintest idea what his spoken words were referring to. But his hands were now gently massaging my shoulders and I felt his index fingers softly stroking against my neck. 

"Do you think we can come to an, err.. agreement, Miss W*?"

I had a quick decision to make - if I rejected him then he would certainly end my career out of spite. I would never be able to prove that he had blackmailed me. If I complied with his request there was no guarantee that he would not continue to seek 'agreements' for the rest of the time I was at the hospital. I desperately wanted to continue nursing and turned my head to face him.

"Yes, Mr Walker, I think we can."

His hands stopped moving. "You're a clever girl, I am sure you have made the right decision."

He pulled an expensive monogrammed handkerchief from his pocket and gave it to me. 

"Dry your eyes." He turned and walked towards the door of his office. 

For a split second I thought I had misunderstood him and that he was leaving but he locked the door and came back to where I was blowing my nose and wiping the tears from my face. He lifted me to my feet and held me at arms length for a moment.

"You're a very pretty girl, Susan." 

He pulled me towards him and kissed my cheek and then put his mouth on mine. I kissed him hesitantly, it was strange, I felt no passion or desire for him and kissing felt so peculiar without those emotions. His arms encircled me and he pulled me tighter against his body, flattening my breasts against his chest. His hand stroked down my back and fondled my bottom. I could feel his erection pressing into my stomach and as it grew harder he ground himself against me, his tongue slipped into my mouth and I despised myself as I felt my body responding to him, I felt the moisture start to seep between my legs. He sensed my response to him and as we kissed his hand slipped between us and he fumbled to undo his zip. He took my hand in his and placed it on his erect penis and held it there. I could not resist wrapping my fingers around it, testing its size. As soon as he felt me holding him he let go of my hand and I squeezed him and moved my hand up and down his shaft. He was nothing like my beloved Simon but was still quite large - I estimated about seven inches. From the sounds he was making I could tell that my hand exploring him was turning him on, he stopped kissing me and started to undo the buttons of my uniform. He uncovered my breasts and fondled them, pulled each of my bra cups down, and pinched and pulled at my nipples. 

I held his glans in my fist and squeezed it rhythmically, feeling the liquid seep into my hand.

Mr Walker groaned and his hands went to my shoulders, he pressed downwards and slowly pushed me to my knees. I knew what he wanted but my earlier timidity had evaporated - I was in charge now, and I would make him beg for it! I knelt on the carpet before him and pulled on his cock, the tip was inches from my face and I could smell his strong male scent. 

What I could see of his cock sticking out of his fly was actually rather beautiful, the shaft was surprisingly smooth and sleek without the usual bulging veins and it had a sensuously graceful upward curve. The glans was dark red and satin smooth and so fiercely swollen that the slit gaped open, dripping with juice. I was amazed at how turned on I had become, my clit was tingling with anticipation and my knickers were drenched! 

Mr Walker groaned and thrust himself towards my face but I moved back from him, coyly turning my face to the side. I allowed his glans to brush lightly against my cheek. He was desperate, "Susan, please, kiss it!" 

I turned towards him and gave the tip of his cock a shy little peck and pulled quickly away. He gasped, and thrust towards me. I jerked my hand rapidly on his cock, looking up at his face.

"Oh, God," he groaned, "please, suck it!" 

I opened my mouth, and slowly licked my lips. His glans was scarcely an inch from my open mouth. I breathed warm air over him and he whimpered, "Please, please, take it in your mouth!"

I figured that this was time to seal our 'agreement'.

"You will promise to put an end to this nonsense about Simon and me, won't you, Mr Walker?"

"Yes, yes, I promise!"

"Cross your heart and hope to die?"

"Yes, yes! Oh God, I promise! Please, quick!"

I opened my mouth and engulfed his pulsing glans, he groaned in ecstasy as I held his hips and bobbed my head rapidly up and down on his rampant cock. 

"Oh yes, Oh God, I'm coming!"

I sucked him harder, feeling his knees starting to shake and then he exploded into my mouth, his fingers dug painfully into my shoulders as he spurted and filled my mouth with semen. I kept my mouth on him for a few seconds longer and then pulled quickly away and got to my feet. 

Mr Walker fell back against his desk, gasping for breath, his cock still jerking convulsively with squirts of semen flying in all directions. He grabbed his cock and tugged frantically on it to finish himself off as I darted towards to the door and unlocked it.

"Susan, wait…"

I opened the door and turned to face him, relishing the spectacle of the senior orthopaedic surgeon jerking himself off all over his carpet! I took his handkerchief from where I had placed it in my pocket, unfolded it, and spat the mouthful of semen into it. I dipped a finger into the pool of semen and wiped it quickly on my bra, folded the soggy handkerchief up, and popped it back in my pocket. I had learned a lot from Monica Lewinski!

"I think I had better keep this, don't you, Mr Walker? Did your wife give it to you?"

I finished doing up the buttons of my uniform as Mr Walker fumbled to get his dripping cock back into his trousers. I opened the door and stepped outside.

People were passing by in the corridor and he quickly turned away to zip himself up.

"Thank you, Mr Walker," I called out and closed the door behind me.

I made my way back to the ward with a spring in my step and a grin on my face.

I don't think I will be having any more trouble from Mr Walker, do you?