 For Peter

* * * * *

Hello, 

I'm back, sorry it's been awhile but certain circumstances prevent me from writing.

So, today, I've done my shopping with a girlfriend. Pure boredom from start. We bought lots of things but it's just buy, buy and buy that's all. Weekdays, yuck what a bore!!! I look at my watch, 3.15 pm, ok time to go home. We part ways at the entrance of the shopping centre. Today I an wearing a white tank top, quite low cut and a jeans miniskirt that split in the middle. Inside, I wore a half cup bra, strapless and a white coloured see-through G-string. No stockings and 2 inch platform shoes. It's going to be a boring day.

I got a taxi at the waiting area and as I was getting in, the driver (Chinese, early 30s I think ) turn around and ask me where I want to go. His eyes dart below as when I spread my legs to get in, he can see something I think.

"Kepong" I answered.

"Miss" "That's far and it's jammed all the way, you know" his eyes still flipping up and down looking at me and trying to catch what he missed.

"It's OK" "Go on" My heart just jumped a little, this guy is a hunk!

He flipped his meter and I just sit back and enjoy the ride. All the while, I noticed he steal glances to the back, now I was wearing a sunglass so he doesn't know that I'm looking at him. I laid back and my mind started drifting, it's been 2 weeks since I had any sex and what with the Chinese New Year my husband is always at home (on holiday). The only problem is he's either drunk or he comes back very late from his outings with his friends and always tired. The only time he touched me was a measly 15 minutes affair.

So, all this while, the driver stole glances at me and I thought, "What the hell", "Why not". His rear mirror is slightly adjusted I noticed and it points downward. So without giving it away, I uncross my legs and shift to one side. I know he's bound to see something. Hmmm...now my mood is back...Hee hee hee.

As we reach my house, I ask him if he's willing to help me take my bags in, there were quite a number.

"Sure! Wah! So big, you don't live alone do you?" he quipped.

"Naw, me and my husband," I said.

"Huss-band," he gulp.

"Yeah, he's at work," I reply smilingly.

He park the car in my front porch and got down to open his car booth. He then took a few of the shopping bags and left 2 for me. I purposely stoop at his car booth to take the shopping bags and by doing that he can see right down my tops at my cleavage. He closes the booth and follow me into the house. As he got in I head straight to the kitchen and he follow suit.

"Just put them on the table over there, OK?" I said and squat straight down facing him, arranging my bags.

He walk over to me and I look up and his hand darts into my blouse, grabbing my left breast. I was dazed for a moment. I just looked at him not knowing what to do or say.

"Very nice, very soft!" he squashes my tit and flick my nipple with his thumb.

My face flushed and my eyes starts to flicker. The sensation that I've been yearning for so long is back albeit by a different person.

He remove his hand and grabbed both my shoulder to raise me up. Then he me pushes towards the kitchen cabinet and lower the two straps of my tops.

"Gosh!!" he says as he plunge his face into my cleavage.

He kiss and lick my cleavage working towards my nipple and as he suck on my nipple, I let out a moan.

I didn't even realise how my bra has come undone but he keep on sucking and licking on my nipples and his hand started rubbing my inner thigh. My juice were really flowing and as he reach my crotch, he must have realised that, he pull my panty aside and jam 2 fingers inside me. I came immediately, feeling my juice running down my thigh. I was still pushing at him halfheartedly. Still shivering from the aftershock, panting, I start to hug him and connect with his mouth. He explore me with his tongue. Kiss and lick his way to my earlobe.

"You want it?" he whisper.

I just nod.

"I been keeping this for a month, I don't think I can keep it up any longer" he whisper softly.

With that, I kneel down, unbuckle his belt and undo his pants, letting it drop, his member is already bulging from his underpant. I pull down his underpant and took his cockhead inside my mouth, savouring the taste and his manly smell. He has a 6 inch cock but quite thick fully erected. I use my tongue to flick his pisshole and do circles around his cock. He place his hands behind my head.

"OH SHIT!! CUMMING, OH!! I'M CUMMING" He shouted.

I clamp his cockhead with my lips and flick like crazy, he reward me with gushes after gushes on hot semen. I keep on flicking him with my tongue until I felt there's no more sperm from his pisshole. My mouth is full of his juice. Slowly he pull his cock out of my mouth.

"Open" he smile.

I play with his sperm with my tongue, savouring the taste and smell.

"It's so thick" I mumble

"Swallow it all" he say

I gulp all of it down and look up at him like a little kid who just got a lollypop reward, taste of his sperm still in my mouth.

"Can I fuck you, please?" he say, now sounding like a kid.

I nod again, in my heart, laughing and pounding away.

Not bothered to remove any of my clothing, he raise me up, brought me to the kitchen table and me, lying on my back, he pull my panty to the side and shaft his cock inside me. I just needed few strokes from him and I started cumming, hugging him real tight to me,

"HARDER!!! FASTER!!!" I cried.

He started to pound me even faster, bringing me even more ecstasy.

"YES!!! YES!!!YES!!!!" I cried

He wasn't in for no romantic moves or what but just keep pounding like a bull. I came again for the third time and loving every minute of it. Drenching the kitchen table with my cum juice, I was really in sexual heaven.

"I'm going to cum" "Where do you want it" he groans

"Here" I point to my mouth.

"OK, suck and clean it then" he pull out and I got on my knees again

I deepthroat him and I could taste my juice on him as well. He fuck my mouth for a few strokes and start shooting his sperm.

"Don't swallow yet, OK" he said with his eyes closed.

I just keep receiving his deposits and enjoying it. His cum is so thick and creamy that I came for the fourth time while he fill up my mouth.

"There, now open up and show me" he say while pulling out his limp cock from my mouth

I open my mouth and play with his sperm, rolling it about.

"Hmmm...good? Swallow"

Again I gulp it down and he hug and kiss me. We lay there for awhile to catch our breath. After resting for 20 minutes, he got up, put back on his pant and underwear.

"Miss, I hope you're not angry?" he said guiltily

"Can I have your call card" I said, still relishing his sperm taste in my mouth

"What?" he look at me quizzically

"You better make a move, but I want YOU the next time I go shopping and I need a cab, OK" I said as I got up and redo my clothing.

"Sure" he pass me his number and smiling from ear to ear.

"And this time the fare is paid for" he say as he turn towards the door and out he goes.

I lay back onto the kitchen table feeling lazy and thinking about how a boring afternoon could turn out a four times orgasm experience...