 First, let me say this. I know she doesn't want her identity known so I will put it like this. Thank you so much for the great job editing my work. You really have no idea how much you've taught me about the English language. Professor, you turned my girl into a woman...thank you.

Second, let me know what you think so far. I can only get better with help and suggestions. Please enjoy, part 4 will be out soon.



Chad and Susan walked across the street to the coffee shop. It was empty and Chad thought that was odd, until he saw Monica come out. "Good evening, Monica," Chad said.

"Hello Sir. How was the boat trip today?" she asked him.

"Monica, I would like to thank you for the great tip. That was the most fun I've had in a long time," he told her.

Monica turned to Susan. "You must be Susan. I have heard some nice things about you," she said.

"It's nice to meet you, Monica. I must say, the people here are very nice," she said, as she shook her hand.

"Most people come to the island to relax and enjoy life. Others come to find someone or something," Monica said.

Chad's stomach started to rumble as he interrupted her. "Speaking of finding something Monica, can you point out a nice place to have dinner?" he asked.

"I know just the place and it's just down the street from the club that you went to the other night," she said. "It has a little bit of everything and its pretty quiet, if you need some alone time." Susan blushed and looked away. "It's ok, Susan, we all must enjoy life as it comes to us - just as you and Chad have enjoyed your time here," Monica said, reassuring her.

Monica gave them the directions and they said their goodbyes. Walking hand in hand with Susan seemed to be so natural. He could get used to this. "I'm sorry if she embarrassed you back there," he said.

"No, not really, It's just that, ever since we met, it seems everyone knows what we've been doing," she replied.

"Does that bother you, about what other people are thinking?" he asked.

"Not at all. It's just that sometimes I think I have 'I just got laid' written on my forehead," she told him. "I mean, I've loved the time we've spent together. I don't think I've ever been this comfortable with a man before," Susan said, looking into his eyes.

"I have to agree with you. I'm very happy to have bumped into you. Pun intended," Chad said. They found the place Monica told them to try. It was indeed quiet and pleasant looking, so they went inside. It had enough room to have a decent crowd during the tourist season. As they waited for the host, Chad moved behind her and wrapped his arms around her.

"So tell me, Mr. Franklin, where have you been all my life?" Susan asked playfully.

"Oh you could say I've just been around here and there," Chad replied.

"Really? Does that mean we should go to the hospital and have you checked out?" she shot back.

"I've got to start watching what I say to you," he said, as he started to tickle her.

"Two for dinner, Sir?" the host asked, breaking the two of them up.

"Yes, that would be fine. Thank you." The host escorted them to a table, off in the back. It was out of the way, but they had the most spectacular view of the ocean Chad had ever seen. "Wow, can you believe this view?" Chad said.

"I do believe this is what Monica had in mind. She sure seems to know where all the romantic spots are," Susan replied. Chad looked over at Susan as she gazed out to the water. 

"Can I bring you something to drink from the bar?" The sudden voice of their waiter startled him, interrupting of his thoughts.

"Oh, yes. Thank you. How is your wine here?" Chad asked.

"May I suggest the Coteaux du Layon? It is a French wine with a sweet, soft texture. I believe you will find it most agreeable," the waiter offered.

"That would be fine. Thank you," Chad replied.

"My name is Patrick. If there is anything I can do for you, please don't hesitate to call on me." He turned around and returned towards the bar.

"I hope you don't mind that I took the liberty of ordering drinks for the both of us?" Chad asked Susan.

"No. That's fine. The wine sounds lovely. You really know how to treat a lady when you're out with her," she said.

"I did come here to enjoy myself."

"Are you enjoying yourself Mr. Franklin?" she asked, looking into his eyes. Chad took her hand in his and leaned over the table.

"Susan, I think you're the most incredible, energetic and passionate woman I have ever met in my life. The last few days have been so wonderful. I wouldn't know where to begin to tell you how fabulous it's been."

Susan squeezed his hand, starting to blush a little. "Thank you. I have to say I kind of feel the same way about you," she said shyly. The waiter arrived with the wine. After Chad decided on it, Patrick poured two glasses for them.

"When you're ready to order, just let me know and I'll be right over." He left Chad and Susan to enjoy the wine and decide what to eat.

"Everything looks so good. I can't make up my mind," she said, looking over the menu.

"Since you're so amazing Susan, you can order anything you want."

"What I want to eat is not on the menu," she told him. Susan looked over the menu at him, giving him a mischievous grin.

"Oh, I guess I'm a little slow."

"That's ok Chad. I like it slow; sometimes," she said.

"You're really going to make me watch what I say tonight!" he replied. Susan decided on lobster and he chose steak. While they waited for Patrick to come back, they enjoyed the wine and each other's company. They passed the time with small talk about their lives in the real world.

Patrick returned and took their order. "If you would like, Sir, I can put another bottle of wine out for you, in case you are planning on staying after dinner."

"Let's play it by ear and see what the lady would like to do tonight," he told him. Patrick smiled and went to place the order.

"So what would you like to do this evening, Miss Ross?" Chad asked.

"I do owe you for a wonderful afternoon. I also need to pay you back for the shower earlier," she replied. "Maybe after dinner we could go to that club again? I wouldn't mind drinks and dancing. Then we can go to your room, so I can return the favor," she added.

"When do you fly out tomorrow?" Chad asked.

"I'm on the 12:45 pm flight, so I have to get up early," she said.

"I'm taking the 7:00 pm flight. What would you say to changing your flight and leaving with me?" he asked.

"Let me think about it for a moment," Susan teased. "OK, I'll stay and catch the later flight if they have a seat," she said. Patrick arrived with their food and refilled their wine glasses.

"Food looks great doesn't it?" Chad said.

"I think Monica definitely knows what she's talking about, when it comes to having a good time," Susan replied.

"Oh, I think you could give Monica a run for her money on having a good time," Chad said.

"That was a good one. You're learning," she said.

"I guess your rubbing off on me a little."

"I bet you'd like to be rubbing something else," Susan said, brushing her hand up against her breast. Chad was learning, when to be quiet, at least. Chad enjoyed his steak and the view was spectacular.

Whenever Susan saw him watching her, she would slowly lick the butter from her lobster before seductively sliding it into her mouth. It was a good thing Chad had a napkin in his lap. He needed the extra coverage to hide his ever-growing erection.

They finished dinner and enjoyed the rest of the wine. "That was absolutely the best dinner I've ever had," she said.

"I have to say you're right. And I got a show with mine," he replied smiling at her.

Patrick returned to take the plates away. "I hope the dinner was to your liking, Sir."

"Yes Patrick, it was fabulous," Chad told him.

"Will you be having desert with us?" Patrick asked. Chad was tempted since the food was excellent but declined. "How about you, Miss, would you like some dessert?"

"No thank you Patrick. I think I'll save my dessert for later this evening," Susan said as she looked into Chad's eyes.

Patrick smiled, as the remark registered in his mind. "Very well, Miss. It's been a pleasure having you here with us tonight. Enjoy the rest of your stay here on the Island."

"Patrick, if the lady has any say in the matter, I will," Chad told him.

Chad paid the bill, making sure that Patrick received a very generous tip. "Shall we go?" he asked Susan.

"Yes, I think we better before I take you here on the table," she told him. As Chad helped her from her chair, she shifted a bit, leaning into his body. "It seems the wine has made me a little tipsy."

"Don't worry. If you get too tipsy, I promise not to take advantage of you," he told her.

"Oh, what a pity, I was hoping you would," she told him, pressing her body even tighter up against his. At this rate, they would both be lucky if they got any sleep tonight.

They headed out and started walking to the club. Chad put his arm around her and Susan did the same to him. When they arrived, the nightlife was in full swing as the people walked around the streets. There were quite a few couples out, so the two of them blended right in.

"Are you ok? Or are you still tipsy?" he asked.

"I'm fine. I just wanted an excuse to fall into your arms," she told him. Susan straightened up as he pulled her closer. They were about 50 yards from the club, when Chad stopped. "What's the matter?" Susan asked.

He stood in front of her and, taking her face in his hands, kissed her deeply. Chad did not usually partake in public displays of affection, but Susan had a real effect on his emotions. She slid her tongue into his mouth, fighting with his as they kissed. "Mmmmm, what was that for?" she asked when he pulled away.

"I don't know what it is, but you drive me crazy," Chad said. Susan easily slid her hands down and grabbed his ass, pulling his growing cock against her.

"I need a drink...from this," she said, grinding her hips against him. "How about you get us some other kind of drinks first, then after that, maybe you'll give me something else," Susan said. 

There was no hinting around with this woman. She knew what she wanted and wasn't afraid to say it. He led Susan into the club then headed for the bar. "You get the drinks and I'll find a place to sit down," she offered.

"Salty Dog for you?" he asked.

"Yes, with Absolute in a tall glass," she replied. Chad waited for the bartender as Susan went off.

"Good evening, Sir. What can I get you?" the bartender asked.

"I'd like a Crown and Coke along with a Salty Dog with Absolute in a tall glass."

Chad looked over the dance floor as he waited. It was starting to pick up, as the nightlife filtered in. Chad paid for the drinks and went to find Susan.

He thought she might be near the dance floor. Instead, he found her in a dimly lit corner. He could just make out her smile as she watched him approach. "You picked an out of the way spot," he told her.

"It might give us some privacy, if I decide to get 'inventive' later on," she said, as she sipped her drink. "Wow, that's good!" Susan said.

"Mind if I have a taste?" he asked. Susan took another drink. Leaning over, she kissed him and forced his lips open. Chad swallowed the fluid as she forced it into his mouth.

"Man that is good," he said.

"The drink or the kiss?"

"Your delivery system," Chad told her. They enjoyed the music and the various dancers that were out tonight. Susan would occasionally rub his crotch keeping him hard all night. Not that it would be a problem with a beautiful woman as Susan. She kept Chad in a constant state of arousal.

A slow song came on. "Would you like to get a little closer this time?" he asked.

"Just lead the way, Sir," she replied. He took her hand and led the way to the floor. Chad wrapped his arms around her, holding her tight. "I want to thank you for such a wonderful time," Susan told him.

"I do believe the pleasure is all mine," he said.

"Oh, I think I had some pleasure in there as well," she replied as she rubbed up against his erection.

"You sure know how to keep a man's attention."

"I'll take that as a compliment. I think something else would like some attention," Susan said, sliding one hand down the front of his pants. Chad kissed her softly, sucking on her lips and running his tongue on them.

"You know, if you keep kissing me like that, I may not wait for the hotel," she said breathlessly.

"Sorry, it's the only way I know to kiss such a lovely woman."

"Those kisses and flattery will take you places," she said.

The song ended and he helped her back to the table, as the dance music started up again. Chad sat down beside her and she reached over to pull his mouth against hers. After a few moments, he pulled away slowly. "Would you, um, like something more to drink," Chad said as he tried to regain his composure.

"I would love another drink, but, do you think you should stand up just yet?" she asked as she looked down at his bulging pants.

"You're right. Let's flag down the waitress," he replied. The young girl took their order and walked toward the bar, but not before glancing at Chad's lap and smiling at Susan.

"I think this we should make this the last drink. We really need to fix the problem with your pants," Susan told him as she pressed her hand against his cock.

The drinks arrived and Chad paid the tab. Just as the young girl turned, Monica appeared right behind her. "Hi there, you two. I was wondering if you would show up," Monica said.

Are you out for a little nightlife yourself Monica?" Susan asked.

"I always stop by some of the clubs to see how things are. Mind if I join you for a while?" she asked them. They both agreed quickly and she sat down next to Susan.

"I must say, Monica, your ideas about things to do here are right on the money," he told her.

"Thank you very much, Chad. I'm just glad that I could be of service to you both. It makes me feel good when I get to help others with what they need, even when they don't know what that is. When do you have to return home if you don't mind me asking?" Monica asked.

"Susan is changing her flight to mine. So, we don't have to leave until tomorrow evening," he replied.

Monica took a napkin and began writing what looked like directions. "If you decide on one more outing before you leave, I suggest you try this," Monica said. Chad took the note and put it in his pocket.

"If you ladies will excuse me, nature calls. I'll be right back, so don't go away," he said. As he got up Susan could tell he still had a considerable bulge in his pants.

Once he was out of view, Monica turned to Susan, "I can see that you have developed feelings for him, Susan," Monica said.

"I don't know what it is about him? The more time I spend with him the stronger my emotions get," Susan said.

"Could it be that you're falling in love?" Monica asked.

"I've been in love before, Monica. This is like something out of a Danielle Steel novel," she said.

"Sometimes, Susan, life will show us what we need to fulfill our destiny. It is up to you to decide what must be done when life shows you a path," Monica said.

"This is all very strange. There are times when we're together that my behavior is a bit out of the ordinary for me. It's like I'm possessed and I can't stop myself," Susan said.

"You have to trust your feelings Susan. If life opens a door for you then there is a reason behind it," Monica said.

Chad returned and sat down, putting his arm around Susan's shoulder. "You two haven't been conspiring against me, have you?" he asked.

"No, just girl talk," Monica said. "I hate to leave you two, but I have to be getting back." Monica got up and they said good-bye to her.

"How about you and I calling it a night and head back to the hotel?" Chad asked.

"You're not thinking of taking advantage of a woman that has been drinking are you?" she replied.

"As a matter of fact, yes I am," he said.

"Good, I was hoping you would."

They left the club and headed down the street. As they walked arm in arm back to the hotel, Susan couldn't help but wonder if there was some truth in what Monica had said.

She had been in love before but this was different. When he would touch her body, it was as if he was caressing her soul instead.

They arrived back at the hotel. There were a few people sitting about in the lobby chatting. "I'll tell you what. Why don't you go on up to my room, while I take care of the travel arrangements for tomorrow?" he suggested.

"OK, but I have to stop by my room for something first," Susan said.

Chad went over to the front desk and began talking to the manager. "Hello, Sir, I was wondering, if could I make a few travel changes here from the hotel?" he asked.

"Yes Sir. I have a friend who works at the airport. He can make the necessary changes for you," the manager replied. As the manager talked to the airport for the appropriate changes, Chad asked the desk clerk about Monica's directions.

"This is not very far from here, Sir. It's a short cab ride to the center of the Island. If you don't mind me asking, how did you find out about this place?" he asked. 

"A woman we met here said we should visit there before leaving for home," he replied.

"Oh I see, Sir, I didn't mean to pry. It's just that, not a lot of people know of this place," he told Chad. The manager finished with the changes, giving Chad the updated itinerary. Meanwhile, he gave Chad some helpful information on just how to get to the spot after the cab ride. Chad got the room and found the door was ajar.

The living area was dark, but the hot tub lights were on, creating a soft glow in the water. He saw Susan sitting in the tub with her bare back to him. Making sure the door was locked, he slowly made his way to her. "I was starting to get worried that you met someone else," she said.

Chad slid his hands over her naked body, caressing one of her nipples as Susan laid her head back. His other hand seductively moved down to her throbbing clit. "Now why would I meet someone else, with a lady like you in my tub?" he whispered to her. Chad kissed her lips, sliding his tongue into her opening mouth.

He softly pulled her nipple and she responded by whimpering softly. You should get undressed. You're getting your shirt all wet," she said. Chad removed his wallet and shoes, dropping them on the floor. He slid into the hot tub, knelling between her legs. "What are you doing? You're getting your clothes all wet!" she said.

"I seem to be having trouble with the pants. I didn't want to wait," he told her. Seeing Chad in wet clothes, made Susan even more energized.

She reached for his zipper. "Stand up for me," she whispered. Chad moved in between her spread legs as she undid his pants and said, "Looks like someone needs a little relief down there."

"You have been teasing me all night," he told her.

"Oh, I'm sorry. Do you need me to kiss it and make it better?" she asked. Chad could only nod his head. She was such an erotic woman that at times he couldn't talk. He was now naked, except for his shirt, which was doing little to hide his throbbing erection. "Tell me what you want me to do," she said, as she slowly licked the sides of his cock.

"Would you like to give me a blowjob?" Chad asked.

"I need you to tell me exactly what you want. Don't ask me."

Chad wrapped his hands in her hair. "I want you to take my cock into your mouth and suck me!" he told her. Susan opened her mouth as Chad slowly pushed his cock inside. She continued to look up at him as his member disappeared into the back of her throat. "Is that what kind of cock sucking you like to do?" he asked her.

Susan only nodded her head, as she moaned around the invading member. He pulled his hips back, allowing just the head to remain in her mouth. Then with both hands holding her head, he slowly slid his cock in as far as he could. Susan started to gag a little, as the cock slid down her throat, but she quickly adjusted to the size.
