 The first thing I felt was a gentle breeze drifting in through the window. Still half asleep, I knew I was naked under the sheet and so was the girl sleeping next to me, one arm across her body resting on my chest. I cracked an eye against the bright sunlight streaming into the bedroom and glanced over at the clock. It was already past noon. I sighed, closing my eyes and she stirred against me, her hand moving down along my stomach. Memories of the previous night came back, almost like trying to remember a dream, but with the girl beside me I knew it was all real.

At ten o'clock last night I was attending a fundraiser for the local arts community in the upstairs banquet room of a trendy club about a block away from my condo. Being the middle of summer it was a fairly casual affair. As usual, I was the sharpest dressed man there, wearing a gray checked Italian linen suit, white shirt with black tie, and a pair of black Bexley shoes. I checked myself in the bathroom mirror and liked what I saw: My hair is fairly long, almost touching my shoulders, blue eyes, six foot two and just under two hundred pounds, in top shape from three to five times a week at the gym. My lifestyle flows naturally from my profession, I'm a haberdasher, so not only do I need to look the part, I need to live it.

Back in the party I made a circuit through the small crowd but it didn't seem like there were any single ladies. One of my clients had invited me to the fundraiser, he's a lawyer, his wife is involved with the art group, but the art was kind of hideous in my opinion. Big, wall sized canvases with smears of bright, primary colors crossed by darker scribbles and lines, it looked like kindergarten stuff on a grand scale. Maybe that was the point and I was happy to donate to the cause but I wouldn't be buying anything. The party was fine, however, I was drinking champagne, the hors d'oeuvres were top notch and I was having a good enough time that when everything shut down I thanked my hosts and stopped downstairs for another drink. 

Now the club part was going all out, thumping music, strobe lights and colored lights flashing, a packed dance floor full of jumping and grinding partiers. It's totally not my kind of scene, but there were plenty of young ladies dressed in what I like to call modern slut gear and I was enjoying the scenery just fine. I went to the bar and ordered a Scotch, dropping a twenty and waited, turning to take in the sights. Before the bartender returned the crowd seemed to part as I looked onto the dance floor and a tall redheaded beauty appeared.

She wore a tight purple dress that stopped halfway to her knees and black shoes with heels, only a few inches shorter than me. Our eyes caught as she walked right towards the empty space at the bar next to me. I drank in the beautiful dark red hair, the color of fine wine, flowing past her shoulders and down her back, deep blue eyes, a small rounded nose and thick red lips. I put her at five foot nine, no more than a hundred fifteen pounds, small boobs with a bit of cleavage courtesy of push-up bra. Her bare arms were tanned and freckled, delicately toned so I knew she worked that body in a gym. She smiled and I saw two perfect rows of gleaming white teeth. 

"Thirsty?" I flashed her a grin and took half a step to the side so she could join me at the bar. 

"Sure am," she shook her mane of hair and looked me up and down. "What are you, the owner?" she asked, batting those blue eyes at me. As far as I could tell in the darkness of the club she didn't have a lot of makeup on, just enough to accent the eyes, a natural beauty.

"Nah, I'm his spoiled nephew," She laughed, squeezing my arm. I nodded to the bartender who had returned with my Scotch and she ordered a Martini. "Interesting choice."

"I'm not the fruity drink type of girl," she offered me her hand, "Melanie."

"Thomas," I held her hand without squeezing, waiting until it was almost awkward and said, "So, Melanie, did you know you're having the most fun of any girl here tonight?"

"Am I? Hmmm," she made no move to pull her hand from mine, a very good sign, and I finally released her as the bartender returned with her drink. I threw another twenty down and told the bartender to keep it.

"Maybe you just don't know it yet," I raised my glass and we toasted. She took a healthy sip of Martini and I of Scotch. The club seemed to fade into the background behind us, we stood side by side at the bar, so close are arms were rubbing. We got to know each other, less with words and more with body language. I flipped her hair playfully, asked what color she was naturally, joked that I didn't believe her when she said that was her natural color. The connection between us was palpable, even the people around us could see something was going to happen. I thought she was a perfect specimen, maybe it was all the colors working on me, the red hair, the blue eyes, that purple dress, her tan freckly skin. Whatever it was, she was as intoxicating as the Scotch.

By the time our drinks were almost done we were on the same wavelength, laughing together, touching each other in small ways. "Listen Melanie, this is such a wonderful opportunity we've been given here. Let's not ruin things."

"What do you mean?" she cocked her head, looping her arm through mine as if to prevent me from leaving.

I looked deep into her eyes, allowing the growing lust I felt for her to show. "I'm going to take you on to the dance floor now and we are going to dance like it's the first time."

"It is the first time, silly," she mock-slapped at my chest, her hand lingering there.

I grabbed her other hand in mine and pulled her close, then whispered in her ear, "And after we dance we're going back to my condo around the corner and we're going to drink champagne and make love until the sun comes up." I nuzzled her neck, brushing my lips across that smooth skin, inhaling her scent. Then I moved up and planted a soft kiss on those red lips. Her eyes were closed, she began to open her mouth and I moved back. "Come on," I smiled, pulling her towards the dance floor.

The music didn't matter, or the crowd either, we might as well have been alone. A space cleared out around the two of us as we danced and spun and ground our bodies against each other to the furious techno pace. She would jump up, run her hands down my body, dropping almost to her knees, pawing at my pants, her face at waist level. I grabbed her hands, yanking her up, running my own hands down her back and across her ass, twirling her around so she could back that flat ass up and grind it against my crotch. I wrapped my arms around the front of her as the song ended and the crowd cheered, heat pouring off of us. "Let's go," I whispered in her ear.

We walked hand in hand off the dance floor, through the club, out into the hot summer night. I took her by the arm and we set off down the block, around the corner and across the street to my building, a high rise condo of dark metal and glass rising thirty-five floors over downtown. "Cool building," she said as we went in and took the waiting elevator.

I couldn't resist pulling here in for a kiss. She held me by the shoulders, my hands on her hips, our mouths hungry, tongues tasting each other. I cut it short and just held on as she laid her head on my shoulder and sighed. The elevator pinged, stopping at the twenty-seventh floor and I lead her to the corner unit. It's not the fanciest condo in the building but it is big, floor to ceiling windows all around, a large open living room between the porch and kitchen, two bedrooms and a master bathroom down the hall.

I told her where the champagne glasses were and she grabbed two as I popped a four hundred dollar bottle of Krug 1990. We went out on the small patio and took in the view, from the bright city lights up to the pitch black sky spotted with brilliant white stars. "Wow, I've never seen the city like this," she said.

"Welcome to my backyard." I sipped my champagne, bubbly and dry, but it was her I wanted to taste. We sat down on the narrow sofa, wrapping our arms together, just listening to the sounds of the night wafting up from the street below and down from the stars above. I stroked her soft hair, felt her breathing against me, our heartbeats synchronizing. The moment stretched out, both of us feeling the tension grow more unbearable as the seconds ticked away.

Without a word, we put our glasses down and turned into each other, for real this time. I kissed my way up the side of her throat to her mouth, my hands squeezing her shoulders, running up and down her arms as her silky red hair brushed my face. Her hands rubbed my chest, undid my tie, started undoing the buttons of my shirt. I slid the shoulder straps of her dress down, she slipped her hands through the openings, letting the dress fall to her waist, exposing a black lace bra. She was lifting my shirt out of my pants, helping me shrug it off and I reached behind, unclasping her bra and tossing it aside.

Melanie moaned into my mouth as I took first one and then the other nipple in my fingers, tugging them gently, cupping and squeezing her soft little titties. "Mmm, keep doing that," she told me. I couldn't believe how hard those little buttons were. She squirmed, trying to undo my pants but couldn't concentrate. I lowered my head to suck on one nipple and she drew in a ragged breath. "Oh my God!"

I took that as my cue to switch, sucking the other one and sliding a hand down the side of her leg then back up her thigh. Her panty covered pussy felt hot and with just the touch of my fingers through the satiny material she bucked against me, crying out and collapsing against me. "Wow," I moved to hold her again, letting her calm down. I couldn't believe she had an orgasm so fast. "That didn't take long."

"I know," Melanie breathed hard, "I cum easy."

"I see," I grinned, knowing the possibilities with this nympho were probably endless. And if not endless, they would surely be exhausting.

Melanie stood up, yanked the hem of her dress up high on her hips and reached down, stepping free of her panties. I ogled her thin, tight body, licking my lips and shifted forward, slipping my pants and boxers down my legs. She knelt in front of me, reaching for my cock, taking it in her soft little hands and cooing gently. She made a half dozen baby kisses all over, lightly flicking her tongue, teasing me deliciously. It was my turn to moan and she looked up into my eyes with a smile, shook her long hair to one side and slipped me into her mouth, using more pressure than I'd ever felt before, cheeks sucked all the way in as she worked up and down.

Her mouth felt exquisite, like satin, and a loud groan escaped from my mouth as I struggled to take a breath. I reached out and grabbed her hair, bunching it together, holding it in one hand while my other hand caressed and guided her face. She had a wonderful technique, sucking my cock all the way down then coming back up to the top and ravishing the sensitive head with her lips and tongue. With one hand steadying my cock while she sucked, her free hand moved to fondle my balls, cupping and releasing, softly tickling, holding them firm, tugging at my sack. She began sucking in earnest, head bobbing and I was amazed how incredible it felt.

Normally it takes a lot to make me cum from just a blow job, but this wasn't just any blow job. I was so turned on and her mouth was generating such an amazing amount of pressure on my cock it was a complete surprise when I felt the point of no return approaching fast. "I'm gonna cum," I warned her, leaning back on the sofa, breathing deep, fighting the urge to clamp down on her head and pump my cock down her throat. Her grip tightened on my balls, forcing another loud moan from me and then there was no holding back, I was shooting into her mouth. She sucked even harder and through the waves of pleasure I could feel her tongue raking the head of my spurting cock, her lips squeezing and sucking my cum straight out and not stopping.

"Oh My God!" My hands dropped to my sides, body shuddering as my orgasm ripped through me and she continued milking me into her mouth. I tried to pull away from her, the sensation more than I could handle but she held me in place, torturing me like I'd never felt after blowing a load. 

I don't know how long she kept that mouth clamped on to me, thank God I was sitting down because I would have fallen over otherwise. When she was finally finished all my cum had made it down her throat, except for a tiny dribble she licked into the corner of her mouth. "Huh," she looked up at me with a naughty smile, kissing the head of my cock, "That didn't take long."

I laughed, "You got me there." Was it the best blowjob ever? It was damn good, and definitely the fastest. I still couldn't move so she went inside, naked but for the dress bunched around her waist, and returned with the champagne bottle, refilling our glasses. I finally regained enough composure to kick my pants and boxers the rest of the way off.

Melanie curled up in my lap, kissing the corner of my mouth and we rested, sipping our champagne. She lit a cigarette, breathing the smoke in and out, holding it to my lips to give me a few drags. We spoke in contented sighs for awhile, holding each other out in the hot night and my free hand worked down her stomach and between her thighs. It was the perfect buzz of champagne, sex, and smoke and I felt like I could do anything with this precious creature snuggled in my arms. 

We lay there smoldering together until I finished my champagne. I stood, lifting her with me, carrying her inside, through the living room, down the hall into the bedroom. It was a queen sized bed, dark silk sheets, pillows piled high at the head. I laid her down on the edge and we started kissing again. I needed that pussy in my mouth as soon as possible. I worked my way down her body, pulling the little purple dress all the way off as I went. 

I breathed in her sweet scent, gazing at her hairless mound, two tiny pink lips barely peaking out from that tiny slit. Melanie spread her legs and I started licking my way up her soft thigh, feeling the heat radiating from her snatch. She smelled delicious as I worked my mouth all around those tender lips, giving her soft, light flicks with my tongue, sending jolts through her body. I moved over and started up the other thigh and she groaned.

I kept teasing, dragging my fingertips up and down her legs, across her pubic mound and stomach. The heat from her pussy kept getting hotter, her juices flowing and I finally attacked her clit, drawing it into my mouth, swirling it around, grazing it with the edge of my teeth. She bucked on the bed, clamping her hands on the sides of my head, fingers running roughly through my hair as I sucked her, alternating between hard and light, punishing that little clit. I reached one hand up and latched onto a tit, tweaking the nipple between my fingers and that pushed her right over the edge.

"Ahhhhh..... God...... Yes!" she screamed, thrashing hard, trying to push herself further into my mouth. I kept sucking, twiddling and tugging her nipple, then slowly slipped two fingers inside her pussy. She was molten hot, soaking my hand, and I set up an insane rhythm on those three points, working my digits inside her pussy, my mouth on her clit, and my hand pawing away at her nipple. 

"Oh my God! Oh my God," she gasped over and over, insane with pleasure. I glanced up to see her eyes shut tight, mouth open as she succumbed to my insistent ministrations. I kept at her, starting to get a little crazy myself, the sweet taste of her gushing pussy driving me wild, but told myself to concentrate, keep working her. I started going faster, harder, and she was crying out unintelligible words, bucking against me. It felt amazing, knowing she was fully under my control, cumming over and over again.

My tongue and lips were tiring, but I refused to stop. She sounded like a banshee, one long constant moan until she couldn't stand another second. "AHHHH! STOP!" she cried, pushing me away and rolling onto her side. "Oh my God!" her eyes were shut, legs clamped together, quivering uncontrollably. "I'm still cumming," she moaned.

I watched as she shivered in pleasure, my cock hard as a rock as I jerked it in my hand. I let her catch her breath for thirty seconds before grabbing her by the ankles, pulling her to the edge of the bed and placing those smooth long legs up over my shoulders. The bed was the perfect height for me to stand while I positioned my cock. She grabbed it, pushing my hand away, rubbing me up and down against her wet pussy, driving me mad but I let her go at her own pace. "You gonna fuck me good?" she asked as she squeezed my cock, making sure I was as hard as possible.

"Uh-huh," I said, staring into her wanton eyes, "I'm gonna make you cum for me." With that she groaned and slid me inside her sweet entrance. She was so tight and I started gently pushing my cock into her pussy. I grabbed her by the back of her knees, spread her legs wide, holding them in the air as I worked myself into her a little at a time, her juices lubricating me perfectly. I had plenty of rubbers in the nightstand by the bed but there was no way I was going to waste any time on that, I wanted to feel her on my bare cock and that was all there was to it. 

"It's big," she cooed, watching my cock slowly slide all the way into her. I kept pushing, flexing my cock, then pulled all the way back out, leaving just the tip inside. She shuddered and I drew myself together, trying to concentrate. My plan was to fuck her good and hard and long, and if I didn't pace myself I would blow it way too soon.

"Please, fuck me," Melanie whispered, arching her back up to meet my steady thrusts as I picked up the pace just a little. At the end of each stroke I pumped as hard as I could, our skin slapping together as I flexed my hips. Make it last, I told myself, but it was already becoming difficult to hold back. Within a few minutes I was pounding harder and she was doing the banshee moaning again, her eyes shutting tight then opening, head lolling back and forth then jerking up to watch my cock slam into her pussy. Her face twisted in sheer delight, her squeals of pleasure urging me on faster.

"You're my little nympho, aren't you?" I growled, slowing my pace. I released her legs and leaned down to kiss her. She wrapped them tight around my back, and we rocked together, breathing into each others mouth. 

"You're making me cum so good," she whimpered, raking her fingers across my back, making me squirm. "Keep fucking me!" 

My cock felt like heaven inside her, I couldn't believe how tight she was, it made me that much harder, but with every stroke I was losing control. I rolled her over so I was on the bed now with her on top of me. I hugged her against me and we ground together, almost like on the dance floor before, but this time for real. Then she sat up, hands on my chest, raising herself up, shifting her knees forward and crouching on her feet, never letting my cock slip from her.

I grabbed onto her ankles as she balanced herself and I couldn't have gotten any deeper penetration inside of her. She looked down at me with an intent look and started bouncing, each thrust down onto me harder than the last, moving faster and faster until she was pounding against me, skin slapping together. I could barely breathe, she was fucking me so hard, harder than anything I could remember.

I lay there helpless, moaning and groaning, letting her pound against me as I watched her thin body move, her little titties bouncing wildly. "AAAAH!" She screamed with a final plunge, collapsing to her knees, unable to balance anymore as her continuous orgasm became too intense. I flexed my cock inside her and Melanie's pussy responded, contracting against me. Another two strokes and I would have unloaded inside her. I have no idea how I didn't blow already, it was a true challenge, I just knew I needed to keep making her cum.
