 Inspired by Sue Grafton's alphabetical series.

"Thank you!"

The applause washed over her like a wave and Juliet Norse kept smiling until her cheeks hurt and her lips trembled. The 2004 company conference was over and she was elated. Everything had gone perfectly. Seven months of planning and preparation had gone into the four-day meeting and now, it was over. Tom Martin, the chief executive officer, strode on stage and gave her a firm hug.

"That was fantastic, Juliet! Best you've ever done!"

"Thanks, Tom!"

"Time for vacation, eh?"

"You know it!"

Tom moved away, swallowed by the congratulatory crowd and Juliet remained on-stage, waiting for the technical crew to remove the DLP projector and secure her laptop. As soon as they were done, she could leave and return to the hotel. The rest of the staff would be heading to the reception but she would be skipping it. She was so frazzled that she wanted to leave now. Don and his IT crew began unhooking cables and she made sure that Don knew to give her laptop to Tom. That's it. I'm free!

Juliet went through the motions as exhaustion threatened to claim her. Her bags were already packed and she left a note for Tom. She nodded off in the shuttle ride to the airport and awoke energized and ready for a wonderful trip to Bali.

"Oh, no!" On the airport's tote board, large yellow letters proclaimed that her flight had been delayed. "You've got to be kidding!"

"Sucks, doesn't it?"

He was very tall, Juliet noted as she turned toward the voice. His blond-hair was in a short buzzcut and he wore camouflage clothing and a warm smile.

"Yours, too?"

He pointed to a flight that was heading to Milwaukee, also delayed. "I hate it when they do that."

"Me, too." Juliet huffed. "I rushed to get here."

"You and how many others." His gaze swept across her, making her blush to the ends of her ears. "You seem a bit overdressed for the airport."

"I always come dressed to kill." She gave him a mock stern look, then broke into laughter. It felt so good to laugh. "I'm kidding. I just came from a business conference."

"Ah, I see."

"I should ask about your choice of clothing." She moved a little closer. "Or have you come dressed to kill, too?"

His voice was deep, his dark blue eyes hypnotizing. "I always come... " The pause made the breath catch in her throat. "Dressed to kill."

"I bet you do." Juliet smiled.

He held out his hand, a seductive sparkle in his eye. "I'm Richard."

"Juliet." 

"Well, fair Juliet, would you like to join me for a drink?"

"Might as well. We've got plenty of time to kill."

* * * * *

Richard was most probably the sexiest man she'd ever met. His body exuded health and vitality and his swagger suggested an earthy masculinity that made her pussy wet. Over drinks, he explained that he was in the service and had just returned from a prolonged stay overseas. He was heading to Milwaukee for a little R&R with family.

"Family? Are you married?"

He took a long sip of his Dewar's and soda. "Does it matter?"

Juliet felt the blood rush to her face again. "No, I suppose not."

"Does it bother you that it doesn't matter to me?"

She smiled into his dark eyes. "Not at all."

"Good, because I've been thinking about kissing you."

"Just thinking?"

He leaned forward and a spurt of adrenalin streaked through her chest at the feeling of his lips on hers. His mouth was rough, weathered like a soldier's pack, but his tongue was gentle in its exploration. A shiver went through her.

"Very nice." He whispered, licking his lips to taste her essence. She shivered again.

"I could say the same."

"Would you be interested in spending a little more time with me?" His voice was mesmerizing, his finger tracing the line of her jaw and heading south over her collarbones. "In a more private setting?"

"I thought you'd never ask."

Juliet felt a thrill move through her when they kissed again, his finger pressed into the deep valley between her breasts. "I'll get us a room. Why don't you give your airline your cell phone number so that they can contact you once the flight's no longer delayed and I'll do the same with mine. Then you can meet me back here. Okay?"

"Okay."

Juliet nearly laughed aloud as she ran to the airline's customer service desk. She hadn't felt this giddy since she'd graduated from college and that had been because she'd shared a joint with her friend, Marilee. The attendant took her information, letting her know that they expected at least six more hours of delay. Six hours of fucking that delicious man! She did laugh loudly then.

Richard was waiting at the lounge entrance, a sultry smile lighting his features. "Any problems?"

"No."

"Ready to go?"

"Absolutely."

He ushered her into the elevator, pulling her close against him as other passengers crowded in. Their room was on the eighth floor so they had to endure several stops but Richard's firm hands squeezing her ass kept her fire hot and her pussy dripping. He bent and dropped a couple of kisses on her neck. "I'm going to eat you." His husky whisper filled her ear. "I'm going to lick you all over and I'm going to make you cum so hard you'll never forget my name."

"You think you can do that?"

"I'm always up for a challenge."

Finally, the eighth floor and they stepped out, Richard holding her hand as they searched for room 821. The key slid into the lock.

"I hope you don't mind, but I'd like a good hard fuck to start with."

"Your wish is my command."

Richard pushed the door open and grabbed her shoulders, thrusting his tongue in her mouth. She whimpered, relishing the force behind his passion and completely giving herself over to it. He kicked the door shut and pressed her against the wall, unbuttoning her suit jacket and squeezing her 38C globes, his tongue still battling with hers. He broke the kiss and turned her around, reaching down and pulling her skirt up, exposing hose and panties. He ripped the hose away, bringing a gasp from her and unzipped his pants, rubbing his hard cock against her satin-covered cleft.

"Feel that? Is that what you want?"

"Yes." God, he felt huge! He ripped her panties off and his shaft slid between her legs, brushing her trimmed pussy lips and bathing in her copious juices. "I'm going to fuck you now. I'm going to fuck you hard and fast. Is that what you want?"

"Yes! Fucking give it to me now!"

His cock barreled past her lips and plunged into her juicy pussy. She gasped and pushed back against him, trying to take more of him into her. His second stroke made her tremble with a climax, coating his hard flesh with thick cream.

"Oh, yeah. I just made you cum, didn't I?" He pumped into her, holding her hips tightly. "Your pussy's so fucking hot!"

"Oh, yeah. Fuck me! Fuck me harder, please!"

"Harder?" He slammed into her, feeling his own climax approaching. "You're my kind of hot little bitch!"

"Oh, yeah! Oh, fuck!" Her body shuddered with sensation as she came again and matched her moan with his as he exploded inside her. She shivered as his hot breath cascaded over her shoulder and his cum trickled down the insides of her legs.

"You okay, babe?"

"Yeah. Fuck, that was good."

"We're not through yet." He turned her around and kissed her roughly, surprised that his cock was still hard.

"Good. I love appetizers."

"So do I. Let's get that shirt off you. I see some nipples that need my attention."

Juliet pulled the shirt over her head and followed with the camisole, her strawberry-nippled breasts coming into view. Richard whistled in appreciation and sucked one fat nipple into his mouth, his teeth biting. She hissed in pleasure, pushing his face into her fleshy globe and squealing when he sucked on the long nipple. He moved to the other nipple and repeated his action, growling and rubbing the tall buds against his nose. He unbuttoned her skit, sliding it over her hips.

When she bent to remove her shoes, he barked, "No. Leave them on."

How sexy was that! She moved back and sat on the edge of the bed, striking an alluring pose for him. She realized what she must look like to him. A blonde-haired, tanned woman, her legs open, her pussy sticky with long legs that ended in those white high heels.

"So, you're a naughty boy, eh?" His eyes sparkled darkly, locked onto hers as he removed his jacket, shirt, boots and pants. "You like to fuck your ladies in their high heels?"

"Mmm-hmm!"

She rolled onto her back, her head dropping over the edge. "Would you like me to be your slut?"

The intensity in his body rose tenfold and she smiled, knowing she'd hit a nerve. "That's a stupid question."

"Then get over her and fuck my face."

Richard straddled her upside-down face and thrust his dick in her mouth. She moaned, making him grit his teeth against the pleasurable vibration. His prick glided over her hard palate, stabbing the soft uvula and sliding into her throat opening with ease and she sucked him hard, her tongue pressed firmly against his length.

"Oh, baby, you make me wanna cum."

She pulled his out and turned over and around, presenting her ass to him. "Cum in my ass."

"Are you sure?"

"Now who's asking stupid questions?" She reached back and grabbed his cock, pushing him into her sloppy cunt and covering him with cum lubrication. He thrust into her a couple of times, enjoying the wetness of her snatch, then pulled out and pressed into her winking asshole. Juliet groaned loudly, breathless with the pain but too turned on to let it ruin the moment. Within seconds, an electric wave of pleasure speared her body, making her empty pussy gush. Richard grunted, giving her a long slow stroke.

"Fuck, you're tight!" He growled into her ear, biting it lightly. "I love to fuck tight hot sluts like you."

"Then quit talking and start fucking!"

She gave a long, low purr as he started stroking in and out of her tight ass canal. Juliet could feel every inch of his shaft as it penetrated her body, each stroke bringing his balls in contact with her steaming pussy, slapping the fat lips and making her gasp. She shoved two fingers into her cunt and sawed them in and out, hard and fast, matching Richard's movements. "Oh, God, you're gonna make me cum again!"

She felt his prick enlarge and heard his guttural cry as he unloaded his cum deep in her bowels. At the same time, her pussy clenched around her fingers and cunt cream squeezed out, her ass muscles milking another and another spurt of semen from him. His heaving body collapsed against hers, his arms holding her tightly against him. She remembered his gentle kiss against her cheek as she fell asleep.

Her cell phone's Elvis Presley ring tone awakened her four hours later and she found herself lying alone in the big bed. The airline attendant informed her that her flight would be boarding in twenty minutes and she was ticketed, so everything was in order. She let her hand fall across the empty space and was surprised to hear a crinkling sound.

Dear Juliet, I haven't had very many one-night stands so I hope that you will forgive me for leaving without saying goodbye. I don't know what to say except that sex with you was the most fantastic I've ever had in my life, all six times, and that's a record in my book! This may sound cheesy but I hope that I pleased you as much as you pleased me. I've never taken the time to pleasure a woman but with you, it was an absolute joy. Here's my phone number. If you ever get delayed in the Milwaukee area, give me a call.

Juliet arose, folding the paper and sliding it into her purse and gave a tiny smile as she headed to the shower.

It was funny how Fate worked, she thought, standing under the jets. Next year's conference was going to be held in Milwaukee...