 A/N: This is a continuation of a previous story.

*****

A few days later, Lexie was at work and heading to the morning operations meeting when a familiar voice resonated in the stairwell. 

"Wait up little girl."

She turned to face Kevin. 

"Good morning!"

"Mind if I sit next to you this morning?"

Lexie, remembering the other night's call, blushed. "No problem!"

They got to the meeting and Kevin sat on Lexie's left. Several times during the meeting, she could feel his gaze on the opening of her blouse. Her nipples instantly hardened under his eyes. Luckily, her blouse was made of rumpled fabric so nobody else could notice. At one point, deciding to play along, she reached up and played with her necklace a bit, and seemingly not noticing, opened up her blouse a little more.

Kevin noticed and could see her nipple protruding against the lace of her bra. He had to readjust himself in his seat. Noticing, Lexie blushed a bit but looked down at her papers so nobody noticed.

When the meeting was over, Lexie and Kevin headed upstairs with the others, Kevin walking behind Lexie, of course. Not another word was said and they barely saw each other that day or the next.

After his last day shift, Kevin called Lexie.

"Hello?"

"This is an obscene phone call, don't hang up."

Lexie laughed. "Okay."

"You still dressed?"

"Yes, I only got here about an hour ago."

"You ready to play with me, little girl?"

"What did you have in mind?"

"You know what I have in mind. Head to your bedroom, pull back the covers on your bed and tell me when you're done."

Lexie did as she was told and then said "Ready."

"Still have your darn braid?"

"Of course!"

"Okay, that's the first thing to go. Take off the elastic at the end and slowly undo the braid. Imagine that it's my hands doing that, playing in your hair."

Lexie took the braid apart as asked. Just imagining that it was his hands taking her braid apart got her in the mood for what was coming.

"It's all down now."

"Okay, imagine my hands unbuttoning your shirt. Starting at the top and gently, just barely touching your beautiful tits as I'm moving on to the next button down."

"Shall I take the shirt off when I'm done with the buttons?"

"Yes. Imagine my hands pushing the blouse off your shoulders and down your arms and to the floor."

"It's off."

"Imagine my hands caressing your arms, your shoulders, and my fingertips barely touching the top of your breasts. You're wearing that black lace bra today, aren't you?"

"Yes I am. You saw that?"

"You know I did, you little tease. Now undo your belt buckle and pants button and then push the zipper down. Then, slowly push the pants down over your hips and down your legs. Step out of them and remove your socks too. What color is your thong today?"

"Black."

"Mmmm. Now imagine me standing back up and caressing your sweet ass as I kiss you."

Lexie moaned softly.

"Now imagine me caressing your back, all the way to your bra and then unhooking it and removing it from your beautiful tits. As soon as it's off, my lips are leaving yours and headed straight for one of your delicious nipples where I kiss, lick and suck gently."

Lexie moaned again.

"Keep touching both your tits little girl as I love to play with big tits like yours."

Lexie continued to caress herself, imagining that it was Kevin doing it and loving every moment of it. She was getting very turned on.

"Tell me little girl, do you have any toys?"

Lexie blushed and whispered "yes".

"Don't be embarrassed about it. Do you have a dildo?"

"Yes."

"Take it out of wherever you hide it and take it with you in the bed. I want you to lie down on your back. And keep caressing those tits."

Lexie did as she was told and then said "Okay."

"Now lift your ass off the bed and remove the thong, slowly. Imagine me laying next to you and my hand between your legs, caressing your pussy while my lips are still on your tits."

Lexie moaned again.

"You wet for me little girl?"

"Oh yeah."

"Now I want you to take that toy and slowly, very slowly insert it into your wet pussy. That's me slowly pushing into you little girl and I like to start slow."

Lexie continued to do as she was told and enjoyed pushing the toy slowly up her dripping pussy. "It's in all the way."

"How does it feel?"

"Fantastic."

"It would feel even better and thicker if it was mine."

"Really?"

"Yeah little girl, I'm well endowed. 8 inches in length and thick around. Now slowly move it in and out of your pussy."

Lexie moaned and moved the dildo as required.

"Now speed up a bit. Fuck yourself with it. Imagine it's me pounding your pussy."

"Feels good."

"Just good little girl?"

"Okay, it feels great."

"That's better. Now feel my hand snake between our bodies and reach for your clit. Feel my fingers moving in circular motion on it, faster, pressing harder, all the while still fucking your hot pussy."

Lexie's breath was becoming really short and she was close. She had never thought that having phone sex could be so hot.

"Now my hand isn't working in circles anymore, it's just pressing on it with a fast vibration. Come for me little girl, come for me."

Lexie couldn't help it. As soon as he said it, she came. It was another really good orgasm that shook her from head to toe. She heard him grunt too.

After they both recovered, he asked again "Was this good?"

Lexie could barely answer, she was so sated "Yeah."

"That's what I wanted to hear. Good night little girl."

"Good night."

And they both hung up the phone.

******

A/N: So? Should SHE call him? Should they get together for real?