 Things were going great. I had a great apartment, and I had a successful business going. They told me I couldn't make a go of the restaurant business and I had proved them wrong. And then I hired him, and there went my concentration. Nathan. Walking sex. He was absolutely the most beautiful man I had ever seen. I hired him as waiter/bartender. He was working his way through graduate school. Six foot 3 inches of sin. Jet black hair, gray eyes, nicely tanned skin. My obsession started the first day.

He helped me close up the place, and then he left. Immediately my mind started wondering. Where did he go? Who was he with? Did he live alone? With a woman? I couldn't sleep that night. Not without knowing. This continued for a few days. And then one night I couldn't take anymore. So after he left, I followed him. And for many nights I followed him. He went directly home every night to a house with uncovered windows. This made it so easy for me.

Every night I watched him. Watched as he fucked almost a different woman each night. I would stand outside in the dark. Crouched down low so he wouldn't see me. Watch as he spread his woman over his bed. As his hands caressed them. When his hands moved to their breasts, mine would seek out my breasts. As he would play with her nipples, I would tease and torment my own. As his hands traveled down her body, mine followed the same trail on my own body. I would watch as his hand would go searching between her thighs. My hand would go between mine, rubbing at my clit, then slipping my hand inside my pants, then my panties, pushing my fingers inside myself as he shoved his cock into his woman for the night. As he fucked his woman, I would drive my fingers deep inside, in and out in time with his thrusting hips. And as I watch his woman shudder and cum, I could feel my fingers become drenched with my juice. Shuddering as she shuddered.

I continued with my nightly hobby for weeks, while at work I watched him covertly. Seeing in my mind what I had seen the night before. Thinking about what I would see on the night to come. One day I was watching him as he was working, his tight black pants molded to his thighs, nicely outlining his cock. I was staring so hard that I barely noticed him walking toward me. Trying to regain my composure, I pretended to be busy looking at reservations.

"Boss lady, got a minute?" He asked me with a flirtatious look on his face. And I wanted to give him that minute too. That and more. But the restaurant was packed that night and he was needed to wait on the customers. Damn.

" Um, no. Not really. There is so much to do. Can it wait until after we close? " I asked, hoping he would say no. Hoping he would demand to talk to me in private right then and there. But he wasn't a mind reader. Damn him. He just nodded his head and went back to work. Anticipation was like a waterfall in my panties. I was so wet by closing time, I swear it was running down my legs. I was in my office in the back, trying to concentrate on paperwork, yet eagerly waiting for that knock on my office door. Finally I heard it.

"Come in." I called out while reaching up to smooth my hair. He walked in shutting the door behind him. He sat down in the chair in front of my desk and just stared at me.

"Yes, Nathan? What can I do for you?" I asked him, licking my lips. He leaned forward, resting his arms on the edge of my desk. 

"Don't you think it's been long enough?" he finally asked, after what seemed like forever.

"And don't try and pretend like you don't know what I'm talking about, Tanya. I know what you do every night. It's been a big turnon knowing you were watching." This should have shocked me, but somehow it didn't. I did make me even wetter, if that's possible. As I stared at him, my hand reached underneath my skirt, pressing against the ache his words had caused. Before I could think of what to say, he stood up and walked around my desk to me. He pulled me to my feet and kissed me, biting my lips as he did.

"Now it stops. You wanted to know about me?" I nodded. I couldn't speak.

"Well, you are about to get firsthand knowledge," and then he lifted me up onto an empty corner of my desk. He reached under my skirt, ripping my panties off. He then lifted them to his nose and that almost sent me over the edge. He then got on his knees in front of me, pushed my thighs open, and then fucked me with his tongue. Before I knew what was happening, my hands were in his hair, and I was screaming. He licked up my juices and then he stood. He gave me a quick kiss and I could taste myself. He unzipped his pants and pulled his cock out, stroking it with one hand. With his other hand he pulled me off my desk and turned me around. Without any warning he slammed into my from behind. One of his hands was in my hair, holding me still while he fucked my cunt. He was wild, biting on my neck, ripping at my shirt, pulling at my nipples. And all I could do was move my hips back against him. He wouldn't let me move any other way. And then I felt him shoot his load deep into my tunnel. He pulled out of me and that's when I got my chance.

I turned around and pushed him into my chair. I knelt down and sucked his cock into my mouth, loving the combined taste of me and him. I sucked him deep into my throat, again and again. Moving my tongue, I caressed the head, making him groan. And when he was again rock hard, I straddled his lap and pushed him back to my warm and wet hole. Back to where I wanted him. And I rode him like a cowgirl. Taking him deep, and then moving till he almost came out. Back and forth. And then I came, and he was still fucking my hole until he came again. Out of breath, I rested my head on his shoulder.

"Tanya? If there is anything else you want to know about me, just ask. Okay?" I nodded. I had a feeling I would have a lot more questions.