 My obsession started when I married my wife, well really when I met her family for the first time. That was the first time I met Felicia, her sister. She was 6 years younger than Pat, and at 16 she was a vision that floored me at first sight. All that weekend I could not get my eyes off her, and I teased and joked with her just to have her attention. Pat's whole family was very friendly and nice, but my weekend was lost in thoughts about Felicia. I even had doubts about the marriage, and wondered how I could make it work to wait till Felicia grew a bit older. 

The wedding was a blur like all wedding seem to be, and the only thing I remember distinctly was the dance with Felicia. She was wearing a light summery short strapless dress that accentuated her beautiful breasts, and long beautiful legs. Damn I could feel all of her through that dress, and it was a bit awkward dancing next with my Mother in law with a big boner caused by her daughter. Somehow we got through it, and soon left for another state where I was starting a new job.

Five years later we returned home to celebrate Felicia's wedding, and I was dreading seeing her again. Not only because she was still in my thoughts in the most sexual way, but because I felt that she was completely lost to me now that she was going to marry. I could not believe my eyes when I saw her at the rehearsal dinner. She was even more beautiful now that she had matured, and she was the true picture of a woman at her sexual peak. I could not help the re-visit of the old boner that sprung up as soon as I saw her. Again, I suffered all through the party, trying not to bump into any of Pat's family with my old friend in that state.

Two years after that Pat and Felicia decided we would start taking vacations together by renting a condo at the beach together. It seemed a great idea at the time, and I was looking forward to vacation for months. I would be able to see her for a whole 3 weeks, and she would be wearing summer clothes and swimsuits. I had miserable nights of anticipation until those vacations got there. I even thought of Ole' Boner, and bought a suspender that I could wear under my swimsuit. I had to be careful not to scare the children if I did not take precautions. I was so ready for summer I could smell the girls tan. 

I went crazy that first summer when both Pat and Felicia wore itty bitty bikinis all during the days at the beach. I sat down a lot, because even with the supporter, I was bulging all the time just looking at my sister in law and dreaming about touching her. Her husband Bob was a real nice guy, and we spent a lot of time drinking beer and just hanging around. I felt so jealous knowing he was enjoying her two doors down every night. That is the way it went for the next 5 years. Then Bob got new responsibilities at work, and my wife announced that vacations would be with Felicia and the kids alone. I tried not to look like a lottery winner, and mumbled something about feeling really bad for Bob.

She was thirty that year, and I knew that I could not go much longer without trying to do something about the desire I felt for her. I did not know how or what since I did not want to hurt Pat or my kids, but I was going crazy. 

She looked wonderful that year, and worse for me her sexual peak kept getting higher and higher. I actually got hard just by hearing her voice on the phone, and seeing her was excruciating. That first night of vacation I had wonderful sex with Pat, and then I had to visit the bathroom to relief myself thinking of Felicia while I jacked off. I started doing this several times a day not being able to wait till night time. I could not help it, as I would totally stop functioning unless I relieved myself after seeing her during the day. It was one of those times when I was in the bathroom with my cock in had and eyes closed seeing her in the flimsy swimsuit she was wearing, that she walked in the bathroom and saw me. I opened my eyes and saw her looking straight at me and then at my hand jacking away. When her eyes came back up to mine I let go with a full shot of cum while I kept my eyes locked on hers and I moaned her name as I shot all over the wall. She did not say anything but just turned and walked out. I felt so bad, I had wanted her so long and now I looked ridiculous jacking off in a bathroom. I avoided both sisters the rest of the day, and took all the kids to a park. When we finally got back it was late and past time for bed for the kids, both of them were already in the bedrooms. I went to sleep in one of the other bedrooms, and everything was left for the next day. I wondered if she told Pat about the previous morning while they were alone that day, and intentionally stayed late in bed so I would not have to face it. When I finally came out of the bedroom I could see all the kids with Pat on the beach, and Felicia was sitting in front of the picture windows drinking a cup of coffee and wearing a skimpy blue bikini. 

She saw me coming out, and asked if I wanted some coffee. I mumbled something affirmative, and sat down at another chair at the end of the table. She brought me my coffee, and stood next to me looking out at the kids and Pat. I could smell her and immediately started getting hard regardless of the consequences. She moved back to her seat and asked me why did I call her name when I had cum yesterday. Just hearing her say it made it all come back and I was ready to die right there, because she would never understand. I mumbled something about the feelings I had always had about her, and how I had desired her for so many years. She did not say anything for a long time, then asked me if Pat knew about this. I told her that Pat did not know, and that I was surprised because I knew for sure she had told her yesterday. 

She then asked me If I was feeling the same as yesterday right now. I did not answer her but stood up and she could see the huge bulge in my shorts. She stood up and opened the sliding doors and yelled out at Pat asking her if she needed any help with the kids. Pat waved and yelled back that she was ok. She left the door open and slid the screen shut, then sat back down and facing me she said would you like to do what you did yesterday right now. I was dying sitting five feet from her and barely blocked from the patio door by a fold of curtain. I knew I could not be seen from the outside, but I could hear the kids yelling and knew they and Pat were just fifty feet away on the beach. 

At that point I stopped thinking, and pushed my shorts down to my ankles while never taking my eyes of Felicia's eyes. I saw her eyes go down to my waist to see the hard on I had and then she sat back and opened her legs for me to see the camel toe formed by her tight bikini bottom. I started moving my hand back and forth on my cock thinking that I was dreaming, and wondering what I had done to deserve this. She started talking to me asking me what I was thinking of and how did I feel, she told me she wanted to know and she wanted me to tell her. I began babbling about the dance at the wedding, about her short dresses, about her legs, her breasts, about my dreams for her, any foolish thing I had ever felt and dreamed about. All this time I am jacking off in front of her and getting harder and hotter by the minute. She looked at me and asked me if I was ready to cum. I could not answer, but I started jacking off harder and thinking the world would end after this because it just could not get any better. She told me to sit down, and when I did she stood up and walked right in front of me. I was frozen with a huge hard on and not knowing what to do, afraid if I did anything I would wake up and all this would be a crazy dream. She then turned pulled her bikini aside and sat on my lap, and she begin to twist and turn on my lap, rubbing against my cock and rubbing it against her pussy barely taking half of my cock in her slit and tightening on it with her inner muscles. 

I could feel my cock rubbing against her and inside her, and almost immediately started cumming like never before. I started saying her name as I came, and she told me to call her name she wanted to hear me call her name when I came. I now held her waist and was pumping myself against her, and I could feel her continue to rotate her buns against me and push my cock inside her pussy. I was in heaven and cumming all along. I could not stop it was incredible but I felt I was gushing in her. Finally I could not feel anything anymore, and I had reached a stage where I was partially unconscious it had been so strong a feeling. I felt her stand up and look down at me and say that she hoped it had been good for me. I could see the cum stains on her bikini, and the rest dripping on her thighs and legs, then she opened the door went out and started running towards the ocean. 

As she passed the kids she yelled that the last one in was a rotten egg, and I could see all of them run after her to the water. I stood there thoroughly amazed at having experienced a dream, something most of us never get a chance to do. She had given me what I wanted the most and never asked for anything in return. 

Later that night we had a chance to talk, and she told me that it could never happen again but she was glad it happened once. She asked me to never tell Pat, and to please try to not think of it, or think of her. I promised, but I knew then I would be promising falsely. I have respected her wishes for 8 years, but I still jack off to that memory.