 I wanted to watch my wife fuck another guy. No correction. I wanted another guy to fuck my wife while I watched.

The difference? Well there is a difference and it is called reluctance, or a point blank refusal on her part to actively seek out another man, seduce him and fuck him for my gratification, and of course her pleasure.

So it would actually take the guy to fuck my wife. Not necessarily against her will so to speak, but more like take her by surprise, trick her in to having another mans cock enter her prudish cunt. I was convinced once this happened, once the taboo was broken and this strangers cock made her aware of the possibilities, then I would see my wife reciprocate and fuck the guy back.

Let me tell you now, this was not just a fantasy of mine. It's was an obsession. My wife knew I wanted this. I told her often. But she refused point blank. It got to the stage where we barely had sex any more, because she knew I would bring it up again, and start asking her to imagine that I was someone else, and beg her to try it for real again.

There was not a day that went by where I didn't picture my wife being taken hard by some bull with a big cock. I jacked off most days fantasising about her being treated like a whore, and her acting like one. 

For sure, all the guys I imagined her with were fit, athletic and hung, but of varying race and colour. It is perhaps the stereotype, but these guys also represent what I am not in every department, and these men know how to pleasure a woman to delirium.  

It got so bad, that even when doing the most humdrum act or chore, like driving to work, or the weekly shop, I would be looking at her and imagining her naked with a strangers cock in her mouth, or her pussy, or sometimes both.

When I was driving around in my own job, I would spend the long hours at the wheel trying to dream up schemes; plotting my wife's eventual surrender to another man. I was convinced this would also help with any secret frustration and lust of her own, having been fully sated by a master of his craft.

I got my chance as my 50th birthday approached. She asked me what I wanted as a gift; something special she said to remember the landmark birthday.

So I asked her again to let me watch her fuck another man - that would be the mother load of all birthday gifts in my book. Well when I say asked, I pretty much fucking full on begged her, such was my desperation to see this come true.

Unsurprisingly she said no. However, much to my surprise she did suggest an alternative, as a one time deal only. I think she suggested it in the hope that it would work something out of my system - how wrong she was.

She offered to go away for a 'dirty' weekend. At this weekend she told me she would do pretty much anything I wanted, except involve another person (she said person just to be sure I didn't get any ideas about another woman joining us instead of a man at the weekend). She's not daft my Mrs. 

She gave me some examples of what she would allow. Most of which were rare, or we had never done before.

She would play with my cock. She would jack me off and give me oral. 

She would let me talk dirty, tell her my fantasies and pretend I was someone else. Role play was ok.

She would allow me to use toys on her, if I felt inclined to buy them.

She would let me fuck her as many times as I could manage, in as many positions as I could physically perform.

Dressing up was ok if it helped.

Basically she said that for the entire weekend of my birthday, she would act like a slut, except she wouldn't do anal, she wouldn't swallow my cum, and she wouldn't fuck anyone else. The rest she could cope with. 

Well as disappointed as I was about the no guy rule (or girl to be honest), I was not about to say no was I? I mean Jesus, I normally get the "pull my nightie down when you're finished" routine, so this was a massive gesture on her part. 

And of course, I was not going to let it rest there. My brain was racing with the 

possibilities. Now that the scene was set and sex was in the air, I was on full operation get my wife fucked mode. It was just too good an opportunity to miss. Sure a little part of me felt guilty at abusing her trust, but I was irrational at this point, and totally and utterly convinced that deep down the thought of what I suggested turned her on. I was sure that she had her own veiled, deep seated need to be properly serviced by a real man - a bull. I could actually see her thanking me for what I was about to do.

I made my first request a few days before the weekend.

I asked her to dress like a slut. I wanted her to show lots of cleavage, no bra. I wanted her to wear a short summer dress, with a plunging neck line and/or with any buttons undone. I also asked her to wear white panties under the short dress, which should just about cover her ass. I told her they had to be white so they were more visible from a certain angle, or when she crossed her legs or bent over etc. Black or dark panties would not be as obvious.

Of course she asked me why. 

Well I told her mostly the truth. I wanted her to draw attention to herself when we sat in the bar and restaurant at the hotel. I wanted men to ogle her breasts, and for the waiter to get a view down her dress when he served her. I wanted guys staring across the room at her thighs, catching sight of her panties and getting hard at the thought of what lay inside. I wanted her to be the centre of attention, as that would really turn me on, knowing the men in the room were all looking at her, undressing her with their eyes and fucking her in their imagination. 

I even asked her to goad them a little, flirt a bit, flash a bit more of her crotch, lean forward to reach for something so that her tits swung freely inside her dress, providing a view of them to whoever was paying attention. She rolled her eyes, and looked uncertain, but in the end she agreed. And on the night she did everything I asked.

My cock felt like it was going to explode sat in that bar. Multiple pairs of eyes, some of them women's too, were transfixed on the hem of my wife's summer dress and on her large mounds and ample cleavage. 

I watched her do a 'Sharon Stone' for one guy, an exaggerated crossing of her legs, revealing pretty much all of her silk clad pussy to him. I noticed he subconsciously reached for his cock and readjusted himself. 

One guy stood at the bar, kept glancing over and catching her eye I noticed. They exchanged a brief smile too, though I got the feeling she thought I wasn't looking when they did. 

I got up to refresh our drinks and stood next to the bloke in question at the bar. I stood talking to him for about ten minutes, waiting to be served, then went back to rejoin my wife.

"Oh my god this is fucking amazing. You dressing like that and flirting is working out much better than I expected. All the blokes in the room look like they want to run off and have a wank while thinking about your tits and pussy."

"And it gets better. When I went to the bar, the fit looking guy who you've glanced at a few times, actually asked me if we were together. I asked him why, and he said because if we weren't an item, or a couple, he was going to buy you a drink and see what your plans were for later."

She could not resist a glance sideways at him when I told her. I swear I detected a silent sigh in her facial features and her eyes.

"What did you say?"

"I told him we were married"

"And?"

"Well he a'int shy. He balls out asked if we were like swingers or something, because of the way you were dressed; and your obviously attracting a lot of attention from the guys in the room due to your flirting".

"So what did you say. Don't get no ideas, I told you."

"Well I have to admit my heart was pounding at this point, and I did kind of go down the road a little with what I said, but I didn't commit you to anything."

"What the fuck did you say"?

"I told him that we weren't swingers, but asked him if we were whether he would like to fuck you. He said he would be fucking blind or stupid not to want to."

I saw her gulp at this point, and also noticed her nipples became more prominent through her dress.

"Then what"?

"Well I told him the truth. I told him it was an obsession of mine to see my wife properly and royally fucked out of her mind by an athletic looking guy with a big cock and plenty of stamina, but that you wouldn't go for it" 

"He said that's a crying shame and I agreed."

"I take it you noticed just how big his cock is?"

She actually blushed, and I swear her nipples stood even more proud through the thin cotton dress.

"Thought so. To be honest you can't miss it can you? Looks like he's an off duty copper with his baton stuck down his trousers."

"So come on now, be honest, when you noticed the outline of that massive cock, did you imagine what it looks like, did you picture it in your head?"

"I'm not going there."

"Oh come on, you promised role play, and fantasy, so that's all it is. Answer my questions. Whip me in to a frenzy before I take you upstairs and take out my frustration on your cunt. Did you imagine what it looked like?"

"Yes." 

My cock let slip a little pre-cum at that admission, and I noticed her squirm on her chair, as if a ghostly cock had just brushed gently across the lips of her cunt.

"And after you imagined what it looked like, did you visualise it entering your tight pussy? Did you wonder what it would feel like to be screwed hard by such a huge fucking rod like that?"

"Oh god, that's not fair. Yes ok, yes I did you bastard."

"Truthfully or are you role playing now?"

"Erm...it's the truth. Oh shit." 

Absent minded, her hand went to her right breast and brushed gently across it, and then she closed her slightly parted legs, squeezing her knees together, as if reacting to just being entered by his cock, her reactions playing out her thoughts on a subliminal basis.

I was stroking my cock now under the table, practically desperate to whip it out and fist it furiously at her confession.

"Ok, so last questions. So while you were dreaming about this guys cock fucking you hard did your vagina get wet? And if it did, then why don't you make it happen and fuck him for real? You could ride that huge cock all weekend and experience what its really like."

"You are a devious, evil twat. OK, so yes my vagina is sodden, the thought of that cock inside me makes me shudder and tingle all over, but despite that, I told you I will not fuck another guy and I mean it."

I was crest fallen. But she was right on one thing. I am a devious twat, and I was not done yet. Time for plan B.

"Right, OK, but for fucks sake you had better get up them stairs now and be true to your promise to be a slut, because right about now I am just about ready to bend you over this table and fuck you in the bar. Lets go, so I can fuck you while we carry on the pretence of matey boy over there taking you over and over again with that weapon of his."

We were naked in no time. A radio channel was hastily chosen on the TV to drown out the sounds of our sex (and for another reason, which becomes clear later). I positioned myself diagonally across the bed, facing back towards the little entrance hall and hotel door. She was on her knees between my legs, sucking my dick. Her arse and pussy lips hanging over the edge of the bed, facing back toward the room door. 

I had my hand behind her neck, gently but firmly holding her in place on my boner, partially deep throating her and making her gag occasionally.

I began to speak, making up a fantasy about our friend in the bar to keep things on the boil, to fuel the erotic intensity of the moment and use the energy generated in me by all those men lusting after my wife.

"Oh god, with you in that position, your pussy lips exposed and inviting, I can't help but wonder what would happen if the guy in the bar somehow managed to get in to our room, and sneak up behind you, and thrust his thick, hard shaft inside your pussy. That would be the real moment of truth. Not what you say you wont do, but how you responded if it happened. Whether you protest and scream the house down and tell him to stop, or whether you surrender to him. Whether you cede to your raw carnal desires and let him fuck you, let him make you orgasm over and over again."

She visibly shuddered, and goose bumps appeared on her skin. 

"That moment, the moment where the tip of his swollen member pierces the entrance to your womanhood, and slips slowly inside you, when he is starting to fuck you and you can feel his girth, and the heat radiating from his prick. Then the question changes from would you let a guy take you, to would you stop the guy once he has taken you? Would you yield to him, and more importantly would you admit to yourself at that moment that you need him to fuck you, that you have to let all inhibitions go and give yourself to him? To let him banish that longing you have secretly held all these years, a void I could never fill."

Again she shivered and her legs were trembling like a new born lamb. I knew my words were affecting her.

"I think I know how you would react."

She raised her eyes to look at me at this point, she also instinctively glanced backwards, to check if there was someone behind her - she saw nothing.

"At first you would be shocked obviously, surprised and try to protest. Your morals will tell your brain that it's wrong and you need to tell him to stop. The problem is at first you wouldn't be able to say anything; my cock stuck down your throat would see to that. Then would come a moment of frustration and anger at being taken that way, about being tricked, but it will be brief. The delay in not being able to physically respond, because by now you are being held in place from behind, as well as my cock gagging you, gives our friend enough time to subdue you with is probing shaft, and prevent you from protesting further."

"Those crucial seconds means that by now his cock has gone deep inside you, reaching spots my average dick has never been, and has been drawn back out again. Had you been able to speak, you wouldn't have anyway, the words would have died in your throat before they reached your lips. The feel of his cock muting you. Then as you felt him beginning to re-enter you and slide his rock hard shaft slowly, steadily back in to your sodden hole, your only response would be a soft, low moan. By the time he begins to withdraw a second time you notice your vagina walls gripping on to him, not wanting his throbbing member to vacate you, a spontaneous body reaction that gives away your burgeoning desire to be screwed hard." 

"As he enters you a third time, you realise your pushing your hips back on to his cock, hungry for it to pound you, wanting him to use you, all control gone."

"Oh yes, I am pretty sure the facade you put up would crumble, and you would ride that cock for all your worth."

I heard her whimper as I reached the end of my story. And then the guy stepped out from the hall unseen by her, naked, with a massive hard on. I mean it was the most beautiful cock I had ever seen myself. 

Oh I knew he was there all along. It was my plan B. I had arranged for him to be in the bar from the start. When I went to the bar, I didn't talk to him about what I told my wife we had. I gave him the duplicate key card for our room. I told him what I was going to say to her, and if she still didn't agree to fuck him there and then in the bar, that he should give it two minutes then follow us to our room and let himself in quietly. The radio would be on to provide some sound cover. Then I told him to wait for me to tell her a story, involving him, to get her primed for him. That when I stopped talking, then he should walk up behind her and take her from behind and begin to fuck her.

My story was about to be played out for real. Without touching her at first to avoid alerting her of his presence until it was too late, he took his impressive tool in his hand, and positioned it in line with her wet pussy lips, only the width of a finger between it and nirvana. As he moved in to place behind her I could see pre-cum glistening on the end of his cock, seeping from the eye like a weeping wound, as a result of playing with his dick as I spun my yarn. 

When I masturbate, it is at this point I always come. The moment I imagine another guys huge, throbbing cock parting my wife's pussy flaps, the angry bulbous head slipping silently inside and being consumed by her hungry pussy, like quick sand absorbing a foreign object. It was no different in reality.

With a small, imperceptible nudge of his hips, his cock nuzzled its way inside my wife, and continued its progress along her warm, wet tunnel. 

She did indeed look shocked and surprised, and she did indeed try to speak, probably to protest, but as predicted the words were never spoken. Partly because of my cock buried in her throat, held there by my hand on her neck, but also by the added double shock of my cum exploding in to her mouth and the back of her throat, practically choking her and forcing her to swallow hard when I eased out my dick a little.

That was something else she had never done before, and also said she would not do during our dirty weekend.

There was a flash of anger in her eyes, when she looked up at me. 

By now though, bar guy, was moving with a steady rhythm behind her. He had gripped her hips and was slapping in to her buttocks, his balls swinging wildly as he slammed in to her. From my position I had noticed that she was indeed pushing back to meet his incoming spear; she was not going to stop now. She was well and truly snared. Her breathing from her now cock free mouth, was shallow and panting, with the odd gasp and low groan. Her eyes had stopped glaring at me and had rolled back in to her head, as his cock continued to fill every millimetre of space in her sodden pussy. Juices were squelching and flowing down her inner thighs from his constant hammering.

Then her conversion to whore was completed, as she began to urge him and beg him not to stop and to fuck her - to fuck her good. She was making a hell of a racket and screamed like a banshee when her first orgasm flooded her body, igniting every nerve ending in to a mass of sensitivity. 

Still he pounded away from behind, and I watched as he slipped a thumb inside her anus up to the knuckle, and wiggle it around, making her arse twitch like a culled animal in the last throes of death.

Her ample tits were swinging back and forth, nipples hard and in need of sucking. I lay beneath her, side on, and duly obliged.

She came again soon after, with my hand circling her clit from under her, my mouth and tongue servicing her tits, and his cock providing the greatest sex of her life from behind; along with his thumb exploring new ground, 

"I want you to cum in me" She yelled. "I want to feel you pump your seed in me, deep in me, I want it all, I want my husband to see another mans cum in me, to show him its real, to show him that another man has dominated me, and taken me, and used me like he never has".

I was surprised by this outburst, but you know what they say about poking a wild animal. And there is no doubt she had been properly poked!

Not long after bar guy began to speed up, reaching the point of no return. 

He thrust forward hard and deep and then stopped there - his cock up to the hilt in my wife's cunt - and began to jettison load after load of hot, salty cum in her. I could see his cock throbbing and his balls pulsing as he sprayed his jizz on to her pussy walls. 

I was still lay beneath her. 

When he had finished depositing his seed inside her and his cock slipped from her and flopped down, spent, she shuffled forward and then straddled me around the chest. Before I knew what was happening, she had slid up me and positioned her cum filled pussy over my mouth, and sat down on my face. 
