 The phone rang despite the late hour. Lexie rolled over in the bed and reached for the phone. 

"Hello?"

"This is an obscene phone call. Please don't hang up."

Recognizing Kevin, from the plant where they both worked, Lexie laughed. Kevin was a Shift Coordinator who had transferred about a year ago from another plant that had closed. He had been near retirement but now needed to keep working as his wife, when he'd accepted the job at this plant, had told him he was going on his own and she was leaving him and their 28 year marriage. While he was very competent, mostly, he was a gruff man who seldom smiled, let alone joked. Although he had become more personable in the last few months, this was still unusual coming from him. But Lexie couldn't help but laugh.

"We've had a spill, Lex."

In her role as environmental coordinator, Lexie had to be notified of any spill happening at the plant where she worked, even if they happened overnight. Lexie took note of the details, discussed containment and clean up with Kevin and as they were ready to hang up, Kevin said "Hope you liked the obscene portion of the call!"

"There was an obscene portion to this call? I must have missed it."

"I'll do better next time. Goodnight."

Lexie hung up and went back to sleep.

Two nights later, the phone rang again but earlier this time.

"Hello?"

"This is an obscene phone call, don't hang up."

"Kevin? What are you doing at work? I thought you were done this morning."

"I'm not at work. I'm giving you a real obscene phone call this time."

"Are you serious?" Lexie was laughing.

"You seemed disappointed the other night. Thought I'd show you that the old man isn't dead yet."

"Really?"

"You in bed yet?"

"Not quite."

"You still in your work clothes?"

"No."

"What are you wearing?"

"Well, considering I just got out of the shower, I'm only wearing my robe. You're not seriously going to get obscene, are you?"

"Haven't you heard of dirty old men, little girl?"

Lexie laughed "Somehow I'm not all that surprised that you'd be one of them."

"Go to your bed and pull back the covers. Then, remove your robe."

"You've got to be kidding!"

"I'm very serious little girl, get naked on your bed."

"Kevin!"

"Are you on the bed yet?"

"No."

"Don't make me angry, little girl!"

"Or what?"

"Or I might just come over there and teach you a lesson."

"And what lesson would that be?"

"That you should do as you're told or face very serious consequences."

"Who died and made you king?"

"Come on little girl, you've been single for a few months now, you need this as much as I do. So do as you're told, take that robe off and get on your bed."

Lexie had indeed become single again only a few months before, after a bitter separation from her boyfriend. As with most couples going in different directions, the physical part of the relationship had been almost nonexistent so she had to admit to herself that she was quite horny.

"Okay, I'm on the bed now. Robe is off."

"Did you tell me you just came out of the shower?"

"Yes"

"So your hair is still wet?"

"Damp, yes."

"Mmmm. I like damp hair. I like running my fingers through it. You don't have your hair up in a braid already, do you?"

"Nope, it's down.:

"How come you never wear it down at work? It's always in a braid. Don't you get bored with that?"

"I braid it for a few reasons. One, it's safer in the plant. It can't catch in anything. Two, it's more professional. Three, it keeps hands away."

"What's wrong with hands playing in your hair? Don't you like it?"

"Oh, I like it alright. I like it too much. That's why it can't happen at work."

"Oh! So it turns you on!"

"Something like that."

"All the more reason to imagine me playing in it right now."

"Okay." Lexie ran her hand through her hair as Kevin continued.

"Now take your free hand, the one not holding the phone, and lightly touch your lips with your fingertips. Imagine that your fingers are my lips. As I describe where I'm kissing you, I want you to move your fingers accordingly, always lightly. Understood?"

"Yes boss." Lexie laughed. Yet she did as she was told. "Fingers lightly touching lips, sir."

"Good. Now I'm slowly kissing your cheek, and moving towards your ear. I gently kiss your earlobe before kissing you on the neck, going down very slowly towards that hollow at your clavicle. Don't worry, as I pause there, I won't leave a mark."

Lexie closed her eyes and moved her fingers according to his directions.

Kevin continued "Now I'm kissing you on the shoulder and then back to your neck briefly before starting down in the middle of your chest. Feel me kissing down all the way between your tits."

Lexie was enjoying this, her breathing getting slightly shallower than it had been.

Kevin went on "My hands are gently caressing your beautiful tits. And man, do you ever have great tits. I've noticed them you know. Especially when summer started and you got those new blouses and with a few of them when you bend down, we can see those cute bras you're wearing. Haven't you noticed how I almost always sit on your left in meetings? That's so I can peek into your blouse little girl. Now back to the kissing. I'm kissing your tits all over. Then, my lips are going to one nipple, kissing all the way. At the nipple, I open my mouth slightly and gently lick your hardening nipple. Are they hardening, Lex?"

Lexie could barely answer "Yes."

"Feel me leave that nipple and kiss my way to the other one, slowly but surely. Again, I gently lick your nipple. You like this?"

"Mmmmmm" was all Lexie could answer.

"Good, now I open a little wider and suck in the nipple, gently tugging on it with my lips and teeth."

Lexie moaned. Encouraged, Kevin continued.

"Now I am going back to the first nipple and doing the same there. Don't move too fast, I want to take my time and really enjoy this. Kissing you inch by inch by inch."

Lexie moaned gently again, her nipples hard and aching for the real thing.

"Next time we're both at work and I sit on your left, you'll notice me sneaking a peek at your tits and your nipples will harden again. Hopefully you manage not to blush too much."

Lexie could imagine the scene and knew she would indeed blush if it happened.

Kevin continued "Now I want you to imagine me kissing my way down your abdomen. You know where I'm headed. Tell me, what do I encounter down there?"

"Excuse me?"

"Are you bushy? Trimmed? Shaven?"

"Trimmed at the top, bare from the lips down."

"Mmmmm. Wish I was really there. So let your fingers caress your skin, simulating my kisses, going down to your core but not opening your lips. I'm kissing on each side of your slit, avoiding the sensitive parts for now. Up and down each side, slowly, very slowly, teasing."

"Yes, you are teasing."

"Patience little girl."

"Why do you keep calling me little girl? I'm over 40 for crying out loud!"

"Well, I'm 55 so you are a little girl to me. Besides, it turns me on to call you that. Now, are you still touching yourself?"

"Yes."

"Good, now part your lips gently but don't touch your clit just yet. I'm kissing and licking you all around, up and down those lips of yours but not yet focusing on your clit."

Lexie was getting really turned on, tension mounting in her core. 

"How turned on are you right now little girl?"

Lexie was stunned. It was almost like he could read her mind. "Very."

"Good. And just so you know, I've also noticed that you've changed underwear lately. You seem to wear the granny ones only when you have your period and the rest of the time, you seem to be wearing a thong. That really looks nice on your butt you know. Following behind you going up the stairs after meetings is always a bonus. Now back to the task at hand. Keep caressing around the clit. When I finally focus on your clit, I want you to press harder and come for me. Will you do that?"

"Yes." Lexie whispered, almost pleaded.

"Keep caressing around and up and down your beautiful lips."

Lexie's breathing was getting ragged and he could hear it.

"All right little girl, now you can imagine my lips closing on your clit and my tongue flicking it. Come for me little girl, I want you to come."

Lexie pressed on her clit and within seconds, she came, hard. She groaned out loud and heard Kevin groan as well. Then, there was silence as both of them fought to regain their breaths.

"Was that good?" Kevin asked.

"Oh yeah."

"Me too."

"You came too?"

"Hell yeah! What did you think? That I wasn't playing with myself at the same time? Girl, you have no idea how good this was! I've been wanting to do this for a long time now."

"Why now?"

"I'm not really sure. I think I sensed that you were ready and that I was too. We should do this again some time."

"We should."

"Now I have to go clean up. Thank you. And sweet dreams little girl!"

Before Lexie had a chance to say anything, Kevin had hung up.

*******

A/N: So? Should he call again? Should SHE call him? Should they eventually get together for real? Let's see the feedback I get....