 Thanks again to the professor for such a nice job and the hot comments. For all of you that have followed the story so far keep hanging in there, the next part will be posted very soon. That will be posted as Ch 5. For those helpless romantics out there, I promise you'll love the ending. Remember to vote and leave comments to let me know what you think, enjoy 

Chad woke in the morning, looking over at the angel quietly sleeping beside him. Leaning down, he placed light kisses on her cheek. Susan rolled over facing him as she slowly began to stir. "Good morning, Bright Eyes," he said, stroking her hair.

"Mmmmm. Good morning. That's a cute nick name," she replied sleepily.

"How do you feel this morning?" he asked.

"Like I've had the best sex of my life, then passed out," she said.

"I don't know about the best sex part, but I do believe you passed out. I'll make us some coffee," he said.

"Kissing me awake, making me coffee-- if I didn't know better, Mr. Franklin, I'd say you were trying to keep me around," Susan said as she sat up.

"Service with a smile, Miss Ross," he said. Chad left to get the coffee brewing. Once he had two hot cups, he returned to the bed. "I was a little worried about you after you fell asleep," he said.

"I have to be honest with you, Chad, I haven't been with a lot of men," Susan said, running her hand over his leg.

"If you're wondering if I think badly of you, you can stop. You are a wonderful woman who is responsive when it comes to making love," he assured her.

"That's not it at all, Chad. I've never had orgasms like that with any other man. I've certainly never passed out from one," she said.

Chad leaned over and kissed her deeply. Giving into the building lust, they allowed their hands to caress each other. "We should stop before we end up in the room all day," he told her as he broke the kiss.

"You're right, but it's very hard to keep my hands off of you," Susan replied.

"I'll get you some more coffee so your hands will be busy," Chad said, sitting up. Chad stayed naked while Susan was still in her teddy, with the crotch still unsnapped. They stayed like that for a while, sitting on the bed, drinking coffee.

"I think we should take a shower. We both smell like sex," he said.

"Mmmmm. That sounds like fun," she told him, running her hand over her breast. 

"You're incorrigible," Chad said.

"And your incredible," she giggled.

Chad occupied himself with making another pot of coffee. Susan got the shower ready for them. When the coffee was going, he walked into the bathroom. "I see you started without me," he said.

"Come on in. If you're a good boy, I'll let you wash my back," she told him. Chad stepped in the shower. What he saw made him hard.

The water was splashing against her back. White soapy foam was flowing down over her large breasts. "I see you like the view," she said, glancing down at his hard cock.

"Sorry. It's just you're so beautiful I can't help but stare," he said.

"I'll have to make it special for you then," she told him, as she continued to run her hands over her body.

Chad and Susan washed each other's bodies. He didn't need a washcloth. She washed his body with hers. "You know, if we keep this up, you'll be the death of me," he told her.

"Isn't that how all men want to go?" she smiled. She continued to clean him, biting his neck and stroking his cock. Chad washed her hair as Susan pressed up against him. It was erotic for her, having a man run his fingers through her soapy hair.

"Ok, time for a rinse and we should be done," he told her.

"I still need to repay you for such a wonderful night together," she said seductively.

"The pleasure was entirely mine. Besides, I don't think after last night I have much left in there to come out," he told her.

"I suppose I'll have to give you a rain check," she said, turning around to rinse her hair. They toweled each other dry, Susan taking longer than necessary to dry his cock.

They finished getting dressed and Susan went to her room to pack a bag for the outing. Chad called the front desk to see if they could pack some food in a basket. They finished getting ready and met up in the lobby.

"Ok. I'm ready to go," she said, smiling.

"I took the liberty of getting us a picnic basket to go. I hope you don't mind?" Chad said.

"Sounds lovely, now all we need is a cab." They headed out the front door and hailed a cab. Chad handed the directions to the driver.

"Is this your first time on the island, Sir?" the driver asked.

"Yes it is. We came in a few days ago," Chad replied.

"I will get you as close as I can, but you will have to do a little hiking," the driver said, holding up the slip of paper.

"That's fine. Can you pick us up around three? I'll make sure you're taken care of," Chad told him.

About ten minutes into the ride, the driver stopped. "This is as close as I can get you, Sir. Follow the red marks on the trees the rest of the way," the driver said.

They got out and Chad paid the driver handsomely. "I'll be here at three. If you're late, don't worry. I'll wait for you till around four," the driver told him with a knowing smile. They headed off into the woods, following the red marked trees. 

"Monica said that this was a nice place. It's a bit far off the beaten path, don't you think?" she asked worriedly.

"It should be just up ahead if the directions are correct," Chad told her.

A few minutes later Susan stopped. "What's the matter?" he asked.

"I hear splashing up ahead."

"Let's keep following that sound," he told her. Soon they found what they had been looking for.

Before them was the closest thing to the Garden of Eden that was possible. There was a large clear pond with a small waterfall at one end, constantly feeding the pond. It was as if they walked into another world and they were the only ones there.

"Oh my God, it's so beautiful. How could this ever be more perfect," she said softly.

"Let's find somewhere to put the blanket. We can sit back and enjoy the view," he told her.

They found a little spot and set things up. The hotel had packed a wide variety of fruit. They had mangos, strawberries, and even sliced cantaloupe. Chad made sure they put in some champagne. He bribed them into adding two long stem glasses.

"I can't figure you out yet. You can go from hard, nasty sex to the most romantic man I know," she told him.

"You could say, I'm a man of many talents," he told her, leaning over to slip a piece of fruit between her lips. He poured two glasses of champagne, handing her one while looking deep into her eyes.

"A toast. To the most beautiful girl on the island," he said.

"Do you remember me telling you about points for good behavior?" she asked.

"Yes, I remember very well."

"You're racking them right up now," she said, running her fingers across his cheek. Chad leaned over and kissed her softly. "It's a good thing I'm sitting down. Your kisses make me weak in the knees," she whispered.

"What a shame, I'm hoping to make you weak in other places," he said.

Susan laughed. He was getting quite good at one-liners. Susan lay down with her head in his lap, while she stared dreamily at the waterfall.

"This is such a beautiful place," she said.

"It's only beautiful, because you're here," he told her, stroking her hair.

Reaching into the basket Chad pulled out more fruit. He slipped small pieces of fruit into her mouth. Occasionally he teased her by pulling the fruit back, playfully running it across her lips, then kissing her.

"Ok, time to gather more points," he told her.

"What did you have in mind?" she asked. Chad moved down to her feet, seductively removing sandals.

"Close your eyes," he said softly. Chad pulled out the small bottle of baby oil that he slipped in at the hotel. Warming it by rubbing his hands together, he massaged her feet.

"Ohhh that feels so good!" she whispered. Chad slowly rubbed her feet, paying close attention to her toes. With her eyes closed, Susan appeared to be asleep.

"Don't go to sleep on me," he said jokingly.

"I'm certain you'll find a way to wake me up," she replied.

Completing the task of turning her feet to soft flesh, he reached up and unbuttoned her pants. Susan lifted her hips as he slid them off. Leaving her panties on, he applied the warm oil to her smooth legs. Chad worked his way up one leg, stopping short of her pussy.

When she thought he might touch her there, he started on the other leg. "You're such a tease," she said.

"Like you have room to talk," he replied, as he continued his massage. Finishing her legs, he had her sit up.

He slowly pulled her shirt off, then removed her bra. Susan lay down on her stomach as Chad slid his hands across her lower back. He took his time. He could see she was enjoying this by the angelic look on her face.

"Magical hands, a wonderful kisser, and lover that women dream about. Where have you been all my life?" she asked. Chad just smiled as he continued manipulating her body. Now that Susan's back was done, he helped her roll over. He softly kissed her lips as he placed a hand on her belly, rubbing in small circles.

"So how am I doing on points so far?" he asked.

"I lost count an hour ago, but you have a lot," she replied lazily.

Chad applied more oil to his hands. He started with her belly, lightly tickling her from time to time. Susan let out a disapproving whimper, as he grazed the sides of her breasts and began working the front of her shoulders.

"Patience is a good thing," he told her.

After what seemed like an eternity to her, Chad oiled his hands, stroking her rock hard nipples. Susan lifted her arms, allowing more access to her breasts. She had her eyes closed, her mouth slightly open. While massaging one of her breasts, he took a piece of fruit from the basket.

Chad rubbed the juicy slice on her bottom lip, causing her mouth to open wider. Her tongue lashed out, trying to coax it in. He allowed the fruit to slide into her mouth.

He returned his attention to her breasts slowly massaging them. Every so often, he pulled on her nipples, causing her to moan in approval. Chad moved his hands up to her face. He pressed his lips to hers and kissed her passionately. "I think I'm finished for now," he told her.

"Oh, you can't. Please finish me, I'm so close!" she cried.

"Why, Miss Ross, where's your willpower?" he said mockingly.

"Bringing a woman that close to cumming then stopping is a crime," she told him.

"Then handcuff me and take me away, Officer," he replied.

"I need to cool off before I rape you," she said, sliding her panties down her shapely hips. Chad could not get enough of seeing her naked body. The beauty that she possessed both inside and out was excruciating.

Susan walked into the water, making the view around him even more intense. "Are you just going to stare or are you going to join me?" she asked.

He stood up and undressed. Chad never considered himself a stunning example of a man. At six feet tall and two hundred pounds, he did take care of himself. The way Susan whistled and made cat calls, she thought so too. The water was so clear that he could see her entire body. "Nice of you to join me," she said.

They played for some time in the secluded pond. Chad never felt more liberated in his life. Here he was, swimming with the most beautiful woman he had ever seen. They were in a spot most people only dream of going to. He didn't have a care in the world.

Susan swam back to where the blanket was and Chad closely followed. He poured them another glass of champagne. They both sipped it while gazing at each other.

"I don't want to go home. I wish we could just stay here forever," she said.

"It doesn't have to end here, Susan. I hope we can continue this after we get back to the real world," he told her.

"I'd like that very much, Chad," she said, her eyes misting a bit.

After drinking a few more glasses of champagne and eating most of the fruit, Susan stared at the waterfall. "I wonder what's behind the waterfall?" she asked.

"This place is so remote, there could be anything from buried treasure to a 64' Chevy," he said. Putting her glass down, Susan strolled back into the water.

"Where are you headed off to?" he asked.

"Come on let's find out which one," she said. Chad just shook his head.

The waterfall was not large by any standards, but swimming around one could be risky. As they swam closer to the swirling water, Chad stopped her.

"Susan, there's no way in on either side," he warned her. 

"Let's see what's down below," she replied, as she dove under the water.

"Well, I guess I've done stranger things before, why stop now?" he thought to himself. 

Chad dove down after her. The water was clear enough that he easily spotted Susan not too far away. As he got closer, he could see her pointing. He couldn't leave her, so he followed her as she swam under the churning water. When they came up, they were in a large opening behind the fall itself.

"Wow, can you believe this?" she said.

You couldn't call it a cave because it wasn't very deep. You could tell it was from years of erosion by the falls. The floor was smooth and was wet from water seeping out from the rear of the opening.

"No buried treasure," he said.

"I didn't see that Chevy under the falls either," Susan said jokingly. Susan sat down, looking out towards the flowing water. Chad sat down behind her, wrapping his arms around her. 

"Have you ever seen anything more beautiful in your life?" she said.

"Yes...I have," Chad replied, as he turned her face towards him, kissing her passionately.

Susan melted into his arms as they kissed like long-lost lovers. Chad ran one hand through her hair. The other held her waist against his body. Susan moaned when he moved his lips to her throat. "Oh God, you know how to treat a woman," she said.

Susan held him tightly against her neck. His hands roamed over her wet naked body, trying to feel every inch of her skin. Chad laid her back and moved down to lie beside her. 

"Do you have any idea how beautiful you are?" he asked, looking into her eyes.

"When I'm around you, I feel like I am," she said.

They kissed again, exploring each other's mouth. Chad moved his hand down to her breast, palming the sensitive nipple. The more he manipulated the hard point, the more Susan moved her hips.

Moving his lips down her body, he nipped her skin until he reached the extended nipple. Susan was beyond words as she thrust her chest up. She tried to push more of the flesh into his mouth.

"Oh yes. Suck on my tits."

He did just that, increasing the suction on her twitching nipple. Susan moved her legs together trying to stimulate her overheated clit. Chad didn't want her cumming too quickly, so he slid his hand down and separated her legs.

"You shouldn't rush things. I wouldn't want you to cum before you had a chance to enjoy it," he told her, releasing the nipple from his mouth.

"Please, you teased me enough earlier. Make me cum, Chad. I can't take it much longer," she whimpered. 

Chad moved his body so he was on top of her. Supporting his weight, he placed his hard cock against her clit and began slowly moving his hips. Susan was hungry for him. She tried to move her hips up so that his cock would slip inside her. When he lowered his body onto hers, she wrapped her arms around his back.

"Damn it, Chad. Why are you teasing so much?" she cried.

"I want you to enjoy it."

"I promise I will. Now please, I really need you inside me," she begged.

Chad couldn't stand to tease her anymore. He moved his hips back until the head of his cock was just at her pussy. Susan whimpered loudly when she felt his cock slip deeper inside her. She had a feeling that only comes from making love to someone special. 

Chad took his time making love to her. He would slowly pull his cock back to where only the tip was inside of her. Then push it in quickly. Susan loved every minute of it.

"Oh my fucking God! You feel so good inside me!" she cried. He picked up the tempo of his thrusts, causing her to roll her head from side to side. Chad leaned down and whispered in her ear. 

"I know you've been waiting to cum. Go ahead, I want you to," he told her. To make sure she did, Chad reached between their bodies and twisted one of her nipples.

"Yes! Oh God, I'm...oh fucking...!" she screamed.

Before Chad realized what was going on, he felt her pussy muscles tighten. He was only human. He couldn't take the sudden tightness that surrounded his cock.

As his orgasm overtook his senses, he joined her in crying out. It was a good thing the waterfall was away from civilization. The police would have shown up for sure.

For both of them, the release of the pent up passion was extreme. Chad tried to hold her thrashing body. Susan tried to pull him deeper inside her. After what seemed like an eternity, they came back to reality.

"Oh my God. What was that?" she asked.

"I believe they call that an orgasm," he replied panting.

"No it wasn't. It was more like a life changing experience," she said, gasping for air.

Chad held her tight as he stroked her hair. Susan snuggled closely, running her hands over his taut body. "So do you think we have enough energy to swim out of here?" he asked her.

"If we don't, we're going to have to walk back," she said.

Chad and Susan slipped into the water. He was a little worried about her, cumming that hard took a lot out of her. He followed her under the waterfall, joining her on the other side. She moved up next to him, wrapping her arms around his neck. Chad was an excellent swimmer and had no trouble holding her.

"That was amazing, thank you," she said as she kissed him.

"I guess I racked up some serious points today," he told her. Susan smiled and swam back towards the blanket. The both fell onto it, exhausted from the day's events.

"What time is it?" she asked.

"Almost one O'clock. We have some time to dry off and rest before heading back," he told her.

They passed the time by finishing off the rest of the champagne. Chad had his head in her lap. Susan seductively fed him pieces of fruit. Every once in while he leaned up and suckled one of her nipples into his mouth.

"Don't you ever get enough?" she said, pulling her tender nipple from him.

"I could never get enough of you," he said smiling.

Susan looked down and saw he was hard again. "We still have some time left. You've definitely earned extra points. What would you like for a treat," she said, stroking his cock.

Chad closed his eyes, enjoying the feeling of her soft hand. "That feels good just like that," he told her. Susan moved from under him, never letting go of his leaking cock.

"Then just lay back. Let me show you how to really tease someone," she told him.

Susan lay down next to him, nibbling on his ear. She moved her hand up and down his cock slowly. It was slick with the constant flow of pre-cum juice.

"Does this feel good? Do you like the way I milk your big cock?" she whispered. Chad didn't answer he just nodded his head.

"Oh, you like a woman who's talkative. Do you like it when I talk to you? When I say things that aren't, how shall I put this, 'lady-like'?"

Chad was breathing hard, trying desperately not to cum. "Oh baby, you shouldn't try to hold it back from me," she told him.

"Please, don't talk like that. Your hand feels wonderful. I want it to last," he said.

Susan knew what she needed to do. Chad was trying to hold back. Trying to keep her from what she wanted, his cum. She was having no part of it.

"So what do you fantasize about? Is it the thought of having my mouth on you; sucking you off?" she asked.

"Please...don't," he whimpered.

"Do you think about me on my knees, being a...slut? Begging you to fuck my mouth, begging you to...fuck my face?" she asked, emphasizing the nasty words.
