 Just a little fun with a rhyming play on words. Pure spoof, with some fun sex thrown in, so please keep that in mind. Have fun with it. It's a little longer than usual for me, but if you were the main character, I think you'd want to stay, as long, as possible.

I'm sure some will think this is in the wrong category, but where do you put a story that straddles several? 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

I received the letter in the mail. It looked official, but I didn't recognize the acronym on the return address label. It simply said "MBOB Selection Committee" followed by a P.O. Box number. 

Hmmm. MBOB? Let's see... I know BYOB, and RSVP. Even ASAP, but MBOB simply doesn't ring a bell. My mind wandered for a moment, remembering that classic scene, in Good Morning, Vietnam, when Robin Williams rattles off all the letters...'Excuse me, sir. Seeing as how the V.P. is such a V.I.P., shouldn't we keep the P.C. on the Q.T.? 'Cause if it leaks to the V.C. he could end up M.I.A., and then we'd all be put out on K.P.'. 

I chuckled. I really love that scene, but it did nothing to answer the question. What the fuck was MBOB? 

Mountain Board of Business? 

Major Brand Organizing Belt? 

Make Billions or Bust? 

I just prayed it wasn't some jury duty thing, using some Latin acronym I couldn't figure out. The only way to be sure was to open it, which I did with a certain amount of trepidation. 

As it turns out, I was close when I thought jury duty, although this would be much more interesting. As it happens, I had been randomly selected... 

The last time I was randomly selected, it was Publishers Clearing House, trying to convince me I had already won the jackpot. Funny, but my bank account was in the same pitiful state now as it had been before. Somehow, I hadn't already actually won anything. It was a scam. 

With that in mind, I was more than a little skeptical, as I read the details of the offer. In exchange for my time... 

Yeah, right, all you must do is sit through the real estate presentation for the time-share, and you get a free cruise for two in the Caribbean. Just willingly sit in the presence of people who behaved as if the word 'no' was a foreign language. No thanks. 

Still, there was something different about this offer. For one thing, neither Publishers Clearing House, nor the time-share guys advertised with so many scantily clad, extremely well-built women. That by itself made me read a little closer. The more I read, the more I hoped it was real. 

Okay, so get this... I was randomly selected for this project... in exchange for my time, a two-week commitment... deluxe suite... final night, gala event... If this was a scam, it was just cruel. 

All I needed to do was call the enclosed 800 number, and accept. I figured it was worth a free phone call to find out more. After the call, I was even more interested, but no less skeptical. I'd believe it when my airline ticket arrived in the mail. 

And when I got on the plane. 

And when I got to the resort. 

You see, it really was too good to be true. I had been selected to judge a beauty contest, but not just any contest. This one was right up my alley. 

The contest? Well, let's just say that MBOB turned out to be a very interesting group of letters. It stood for the contest title. 

Miss Best of Breasts. 

***

The flight was two flights, actually. The first one... first class, no less... had pretty much convinced me of the legitimacy of the contest. I landed in Miami, and at the baggage claim was greeted by a girl in a chauffeur's cap, holding a sign with my name on it. 

"Mr. Cameron? I'm Nella, your driver. Let me take your bags, sir," she smiled, politely. "It's only a short drive to the other flight."

"Other flight?" I questioned. "This isn't the end?" I was right behind her luscious behind, watching it wiggle attractively. She was pretty, especially for a limo driver. 

"No, sir," Nella said, leading the way out the door to her limo. Once I was safely in the back, and my luggage was in the trunk, she lowered the partition to explain. "The resort is on a small, private island, offshore. The only way there is by boat, for the contestants, or by seaplane, for the judges. We're on our way to the seaplane port. It's only a one-hour flight."

"I see. Thank you," I smiled, sitting back to let the luxurious leather upholstery cradle my body. So far, this was the best trip of my life, and I hadn't even arrived yet. 

Ten minutes later, I was standing on the dock, watching Nella's car leave. My bag was already on the plane. Only a pilot was needed. A tall blonde came out of the office onshore. She was lean, lithe, and top-heavy, the kind of pilot a Bond villain always had. 

"You would be Pussy Galore," I laughed. 

"Close," she said, extending her hand. I saw nothing but my own reflection in her mirrored sunglasses. "I'm Chrissy. I'll be your pilot today. Let's get going, shall we?" 

I followed her to the plane, watched her climb aboard, and clambered up myself. A staff member cast us off, and Chrissy brought the engine to life, taxiing us out into open water. She pushed the throttle wide open, and the plane skimmed the surface, finally breaking free of the water. We climbed out, soaring high above the waves. 

Almost immediately, I could see our destination. Way off in the distance, a small dark speck on the horizon, it grew larger and larger by the minute. It sprouted trees as we approached, and a large hotel complex. Chrissy did a fly-over, letting me get an idea of the scope of the resort. Several pools, sprawling beaches... It was paradise. 

Chrissy touched down with great skill, on the leeward side of the island, where the waves were minimal. A short taxi, brought us to the beach, where a woman in uniform waited. 

"That's Leila," Chrissy said. "Thank you for flying with me. She'll take care of getting you checked in. Perhaps I'll see you again. I have a bungalow on the island." 

"Hmmmm. I'd like that," I smiled. "I'll keep an eye open for you."

"Oh, your eyes will be open, alright," she giggled, passing me my bag. "Of that I'm sure." 

Leila tossed my bag onto a golf cart, and took her place behind the wheel. She was a dark-haired beauty, with plump lips and a pleasant figure. She drove me to the main building, then escorted me to the front desk, passing my luggage off to a bellman... Um, make that bell-person. Another attractive woman, waiting for me to finish checking in. 

It suddenly occurred to me that I hadn't seen another male since I was on the plane. Nella, Chrissy, Leila, the bell-girl, and Trixie, behind the desk... All the staff so far had been female. In fact, even the few guests in the lobby were women, and all of them were beautiful. 

"Mr. Cameron, here is your key-card. We have you in a deluxe suite, on the second floor, overlooking the pool area. I am sure you'll enjoy the view," Trixie smiled. "There is a judge's meeting at five, in the west conference room. Please attend. All your questions will be answered there." 

I thanked her, and met Olivia at the elevator, who guided me up to my room. After a brief tour, she finally opened the large, double doors to the balcony. 

"Please, enjoy your stay," she smiled, and left me alone. 

I walked out onto the balcony, which was actually more of a terrace. Leaning against the rail, I looked down over the pool. 

Oh my God! Never, in my life, had I seen so many gorgeous women, showing so much flesh. It was an absolute smorgasbord of women, covering the gamut, from tall, to short, brunette, blonde and redhead. The common denominator seemed to be tiny bikinis, and an abundance of breasts. 

I suppose the beauty contest title... Best of Breasts... should have told me what to expect, but I was still surprised. Below me, at least forty lovely, robust ladies glistened in the sun, coated in cocoa butter from top to bottom. 

My watch told me five o'clock was less than an hour away, so I decided to do a little exploring on foot, and find the west conference room. My wanderings led me out onto the pool deck. The view from up close was even more spectacular than from above. 

For one thing, the girls could see me, strolling amongst their group, and they seemed very interested in me. I was the recipient of several longing glances. They raised a lot of questions. Questions I hoped would be answered in the meeting. 

Upon my arrival at the west conference room, I found myself among my fellow judges. There were eight of us, all tolled, and we all had plenty of questions. Some of them were answered by the information packet we were given. 

As I read through the packet, I learned that, like most other major contests, the girls would be put through an evening gown competition, and a swimsuit one. The interesting addition was the nude portion. It also stated that we, as judges, were expected to spend some time with each of the contestants, at some point during the two weeks. This one-on-one time could take many forms, and was intended to help us get to know the girls on a personal level. 

Also discussed were the categories. Much like a dog show, where the breeds are grouped into sub-contests, so too would the ladies be subdivided, except there were no dogs here that I could see. 

Groups were based on height, bust (enhanced or natural), and cup size, as well as by status (amateur, or professional), and a few other criteria. 

"Excuse me?" I asked the man running the show. "How many contestants are there, anyway? 

"Exactly one hundred," he replied. 

One hundred beautiful, motivated women. Eight judges. Very interesting odds. 

"What about, um, fraternization?" one of the other judges asked. "I mean, we're here, on a small island, for two weeks with these women. What's the policy on, um, sampling the wares?" 

"Well, we can't really expect you to avoid contact with the contestants, given that we are on an island. With that in mind, there are no penalties for mingling with the women. They are free to associate with you, if they wish. They are free to try to influence the judges, and you are free to encourage the attempts," he said, simply. "Put another way... Go ahead. Get as much as you like."

Okay. NOW, this was officially the best vacation ever. No contest. Don't even try to beat it, because it can't be done. Get as much as you like? One hundred women? Are you kidding? 

It was Thursday evening. Tomorrow night, the festivities would begin in earnest, with a welcoming dinner and the evening gown competition. Until then, we were free to do whatever we wished to do. 

As I walked out of the conference room, I found myself again on the pool deck. The sun was lower in the sky, and there were fewer ladies out at this point, but there were still a couple. One of them immediately walked in my direction, as soon as I came through the door. 

"Hello," she smiled, gliding to a stop in front of me. She was a brunette, very pretty, with dark eyes, long, wavy hair, and an athletic looking body. Wearing a skimpy blue bikini, she struck a pose for my viewing pleasure, long leg extended toward me. She was well qualified for the contest, and made sure I knew it. "I'm April, from Fort Lauderdale. My measurements are 38-25-35, 34D, and my breasts are natural. I hope we have the chance to spend some time together, while we're here." 

She turned, and walked away, leaving me to file that information away mentally. I took a few more steps, and found my way blocked by a tall blonde. Her bikini was black, and equally revealing. Of course, that was before she reached behind her, and untied the top. She removed the scraps of fabric, introducing herself in a much more direct way. 

"I'm Louisa... 32F, enhanced, and I give a tit-fuck that will melt your fillings. Think about putting your dick, right here," she purred, sliding a finger between her round, perfect breasts. "I'll be looking for you." She hung her bikini top over her shoulder, kissed me on the cheek, and sauntered away, letting those jugs wobble freely. 

I stood there, processing the mental picture of those big tits, both now and wrapped around my cock, in the future. I took a deep breath. 

April. Louisa. Two down, ninety-eight to go. I had a feeling this was going to be a lot of fun. 

***

Friday morning, I woke to find the sun already streaming through the windows. My dreams throughout the night had been of the hot variety. Maybe the day would be even hotter. 

I walked out on my terrace, and looked out over the pool. The water's surface was like glass. No one swimming. Equally vacant was the deck. I was just about to consider it had all been a dream, when three girls strolled out. They walked slowly around the pool, and disappeared around the end of the building, out of view. 

Maybe it's still too early, I thought, and headed for the shower. While in there, I considered the two women I met last night. April, who proudly gave me her measurements in the first breath, and Louisa, who introduced me to her tits in a more visual fashion. 

My dick was stiff, but I refrained from taking matters into my own hands. If yesterday's meeting was to be believed, there would be plenty of women willing to help, in an effort to curry my favour. Once I was clean, I threw on a t-shirt and shorts, and left my room. 

Destination... Dining room. Like a cruise, this resort was all inclusive, so I helped myself to a delicious breakfast of fruit and eggs benedict. With one type of hunger satisfied, I went looking for someone to help with the other one. 

The pool deck was still empty. I walked over to the towel cabana. 

"Where is everyone?" I asked the attendant, a petite blonde. 

"Hmmmm, well, I'm sure some are sleeping in, and a few are getting their hair done," she guessed. "Most are probably out on the nude beach." 

"Nude beach?" I wondered, arching my eyebrows. "Just where would this beach be?" 

"Follow the path, that way," she pointed. "At the fork, go left, through the trees. Walk until you hit water, then turn right. You can't miss it."

"Thank you," I nodded. 

"You're welcome," she smiled. "Good luck, and have fun!" 

"Follow the path," I muttered, walking along the flat, stone surface, through the thick, almost jungle-like foliage. "Go left at the fork," I pointed. 

In here, the trees were taller, and the path wound around them, going up over a small ridge, then down again. Through the darkness, I could see sunlight dancing on water, and knew I was getting close. The path ended, and I came out into the bright sun, on a wide ribbon of pristine, white sand. I turned right. 

So, this was an official feature of the resort, not simply an area where the staff agreed to look the other way. A towel hut, complete with lovely female staff member, sat a few steps down the beach, marking the boundary. That lovely female staff member was also nude, and wearing a hat to denote her status. 

"Hello, Mr. Cameron," the brunette smiled as I walked up. She was quite attractive, if you like naked women. "So nice to see you this morning. Will you be entering the nude beach?" 

"Well, yes, I thought I'd have a look around," I smiled. "It's my job, after all." I glanced left, and saw a whole lot of skin. Literally dozens of gorgeous, naked girls, laying in the sun, or gathered in groups to talk. A tall blonde looked my way, excused herself, and walked toward me. 

"Hi, Mr. Cameron," the blonde purred, stopping a few feet away. "Remember me?" She cupped both breasts, holding them up for my eyes. I gave them a good scan. 

"Of course, Louisa. How are you today?" I asked, still looking at her tits. 

"Hot," she smiled, letting my mind attach the meaning. "Are you coming in?" 

"I'd love to," I replied, taking a step. Louisa stopped me with a hand to my chest. 

"You're welcome to join us," she said softly, "but you're overdressed. If you want to come in, you've got to lose the clothes." 

I thought she was kidding, and looked at the attendant. She was nodding, and holding a wicker basket. 

"Seriously?" I asked. 

"It cuts down on looky-lous," Louisa replied. "Besides, you're getting to see ours. It's only fair."

I shook my head. Not because I was ashamed of my body, or reluctant to show it to so many women, but in surprise. I hadn't even thought of it. 

"There's a booth, if you want to undress?" the attendant pointed. 

"No need," I laughed. I peeled my shirt off, then dropped my shorts. Both were quickly in the basket, along with my flip flops. I heard a few whistles and catcalls, from my audience. My dick hung, semi-hard, but not yet done waking up. 

"Here you go," the brunette smiled, handing me a canvas bag. "Towels and oil. Be sure to use plenty. Don't want 'things' getting burnt." 

"No, we do not," Louisa chimed in, staring at my penis. "Nice one. Very nice one. Come with me." 

I had a feeling that I'd been claimed by Louisa. I was fine with that, for now, and followed her very firm, sexy ass over to the line of lounges. As we walked past the lineup of naked, baking skin, nearly every woman raised her head to check out my goods, as I was checking out theirs. There were beautiful breasts everywhere. I was in heaven. We arrived at a gap in the conveyor of females, and Louisa stopped. 

"As good a spot as any," she smiled. "Now, let's get you oiled up." 

She reached into the bag, and retrieved the large bottle of oil, a playful grin on her face. She flipped open the squirt top, and aimed it at her chest. 

Splock! The oil coated her body, and she turned to me. 

"Arms up!" she demanded, and when I complied, she pressed her body against mine, using those curves as an applicator. She rubbed herself around me. 

Have you ever had a beautiful, busty woman, squish her oily tits against your chest? Your side? Your back? Doesn't it feel fabulous? My eyes were closed, enjoying the sensation, when I realized that, either she had grown two more breasts, or we had been joined by a third. I opened my eyes to find a sexy redhead sliding her huge knockers across my other side. Another girl, was pouring oil on herself, and she took a spot in the ring of women, forming a six-breasted embrace of slippery flesh that circled me slowly, spreading oil all over my willing body. 

Speaking of willing... My cock was no longer hanging. It was hard as a rock, and getting manual attention from at least one of the ladies, although I had no idea whose hands were lovingly stroking my shaft. More women had joined the gaggle around me, and I was feeling soft flesh against nearly every inch of me. 

"Oh, fuck," I moaned, melting into the arms of the group, which eased me down onto the lounge. Once I was laying down, all those breasts seemed to disappear, but the hands did not, continuing to caress my chest, shoulders, stomach, thighs, and especially my cock. "Thank you so much, ladies. That was so good." 

"Not done yet," I heard, in a throaty register. A delicious, soft squeeze surrounded my cock. 

"Oh shit! Is that you, Louisa?" I asked, expecting her to be proving her earlier statement about her tit-fucking prowess. 

"No, it's Annette," she smiled, and I opened my eyes to find the redhead from earlier, sandwiching her giant breasts around my shaft. "Nice to meet you. Do you like my boobs?" 

"Very much," I groaned, instinctively thrusting my hips upward. "Natural?" 

"Yes," she nodded, sliding her chest up and down. "36G. I'm very proud of them."

"And well you should be," I laughed, revelling in the smooth skin against my cock. 

"Okay, Annette," someone said from behind her. "You've had your chance to introduce yourself. Give someone else a chance."

"Gotta go," Annette sighed. "I'll be seeing you later, and we'll do this properly." She winked, and blew me a kiss, then released her tits and stood up. Those big knockers jiggled, waving goodbye, for now. 
