 A/N: This is a continuation of a previous story.

*****

In the week after their last phone call, Kevin got through his night shifts and then days off. He was looking forward to seeing Lexie even if it was only at work. While he normally didn't look forward to day shifts with their endless meetings and interruptions, this time, he could barely wait to be there and be close to Lexie. 

On her side, Lexie was also looking forward to seeing Kevin. She was hoping there would be some kind of touching as that was what she missed most, touching. Her body was on pins and needles wanting and needing human touch.

When they went to the morning meeting, they could not manage to sit next to each other, unfortunately. Lexie looked at Kevin across the table and saw the frustration and desire in his eyes. She quickly averted her eyes to not make it too obvious to others. When the meeting was over, someone kept talking to her so she could not arrange to walk in front of Kevin any more than she'd managed to sit close to him.

However, as if reading her mind, Kevin came up to her in the lab where she was visiting with her colleague and friend Sue and put his hand on her shoulder "You lost little girl?"

Both Lexie and Sue laughed with him and chatted about a few things and then he left.

Later in the day, Lexie was leaning on the counter at an empty reception, waiting for a fax to go through when Kevin walked up close to her. He put his hand on the small of her back and whispered in her ear "How's your day going little girl?" Just his proximity, his low voice and the hand on her back made her knees weak. But they were in public so she had to keep it together. "My day's going fine, how's yours?"

He removed his hand from her back and moved over a bit. "Well, up to now it's not exactly going as I'd planned but I'm hoping it'll get better."

"How can it get better?"

"Well, I found this potential environmental liability that I'd like to show you. Think you can free yourself up to come into the plant to look at this later today?"

Lexie smiled "I think I can manage that." 

Just then, the receptionist came back with Lexie's fax and proof of transmission and both Lexie and Kevin went their separate ways.

Later, Lexie put on her safety gear and went to the control room to fetch Kevin to go see this environmental liability. When they got to the area, it was something he had previously mentioned to her but nobody else knew about yet.

Nobody was around and it was somewhat secluded. They were both facing the door so Kevin stood just behind her, slightly to the side. He put his hand on her back and then slid it down to caress her ass through her jeans. Lexie couldn't help it and curled her ass against his hand. He whispered in her ear "You like this little girl?" 

"Oh yeah."

"I don't think I can wait much longer. I definitely need the real thing and I think you need it too."

"I do."

"How about I come over Friday night after my shift? You don't have to make me dinner or anything, just put your black thong and bra on and wait for me."

"Mmmm, sounds good to me." Lexie spoke softly, more concentrated on the hand caressing her ass to think of much else.

Kevin kissed her lightly on the cheek, just in front of her ear. "I'm dying to really kiss you but I'm afraid that if I start, I won't be able to stop so I'm going to walk away now before I embarrass both of us."

Lexie didn't have time to answer and he was gone.

That night, Lexie's phone rang.

"Hello?"

"This isn't quite an obscene phone call but bear with me."

"Okay" Lexie smiled, recognizing Kevin's voice.

"I want to come over on Friday night but have no clue where to go. I've heard that you live in the building above the bank but it's a big building. I need to know which condo you live in."

"It's only 12 stories. Don't you want to knock on every door and find me?"

"Do you really want me to waste that much time?"

"You have a point. I live on the 10th floor. Call me before you leave your place and I'll meet you downstairs at the door. The intercom is not working well these days."

"Okay. See you tomorrow."

"Wait! I have a question for you."

"What's that?"

"Do we need condoms?"

"No. I'm fixed and I've only ever been with my wife. And I trust you."

"Okay. See you tomorrow."

The nest day was Thursday. Both Thursday and Friday, Lexie was very busy. Nonetheless, there were times when Kevin managed to sneak up to Lexie, put a hand on her somewhere and say various things like

"Can't wait to be naked with you little girl."

"You been fantasizing about me little girl?"

"Nice bra little girl, thanks for the view."

"You like when I touch you little girl?"

Every time, Kevin would walk away before Lexie could answer or talk back. Feeling his breath on her ear was a turn on. She couldn't wait for Friday evening. Her whole body felt like it was on fire, wanting more of his touch.

That Friday, Kevin snuck up to her when there was nobody around, put his hand on the small of her back and snuck up under her blouse so he could finally feel her skin. Lexie drew in her breath and held it for a moment. Kevin whispered "Breathe little girl."

Lexie managed to breathe a bit. Kevin continued "I feel like a teenager."

"Do you?"

"I've been thinking about tonight and I'm not sure what I want to do first. Kiss you until we're breathless, play with your gorgeous tits, eat you out, have you go down on me, or pound you senseless. I want to do them all at once but it's simply not possible and I can't choose."

"I can see your dilemma."

"Any advice?"

"Get there and then go with the flow." Lexie smiled.

Just then, Kevin seeing someone walking up to them, stepped away and changed the subject.

As soon as she got home that night, Lexie showered and got ready for her big date. She wore the required black thong and bra under a tank top and short skirt.

When the phone rang, Lexie was already wet with anticipation, thinking back to the phone calls they had exchanged. "Hello?"

"You ready for me little girl?"

"Oh yeah. Where are you?"

"In the parking lot."

"I'll meet you downstairs."

Lexie grabbed her key and went out the door and took the elevator down. Once down there, she saw him waiting in the entrance. Behind him two teenagers that live on the 6th and 8th floors. Lexie let them all in and they got back into the elevator. Both teenagers were wearing earphones and Lexie and Kevin could hear the two distinct music genres. One was listening to rap, the other to rock. Both teenagers were standing in front of them, facing the doors. Kevin was standing beside and slightly behind Lexie at the back of the elevator. He leaned in and said softly "Are you wet for me little girl?"

Lexie instantly felt more wetness between her legs. She smiled and softly said "maybe."

Lexie felt her skirt being hiked up behind her. Kevin said "You don't mind if I check for myself, do you little girl?" 

Lexie couldn't answer. She felt his hand on her bare ass, caressing. It was so hard for her to withhold the moan that wanted to escape. 

Kevin asked "Is this normal speed for the elevator?"

Lexie was usually impatient at the lack of speed of their elevator but this time, she wanted to ride to last a while. She nodded, swallowing hard as his hand caressed her ass deeper, his middle finger probing.

The elevator stopped on the 6th floor and the first teenager got off with barely a wave. As the elevator started moving upward again, Kevin pressed his finger into her wet pussy. Lexie bit her lower lip to stop from making any noise that would alert the other teenager to what was happening behind him. When the elevator stopped on the 8th floor and the second teenager left, Kevin got bolder and pushed the finger all the way into her now dripping pussy. This time, Lexie let out a moan.

"You are really wet for me little girl. I like that."

"Mmmmm."

"There is one problem though..."

"What's that?" Lexie whispered, barely able to talk.

Kevin grabbed her hand with his other hand and pressed it against his erection. "I don't think I can wait and play. I need you so bad, I'm probably going to pound you as soon as we get in your condo. Think you can handle that?" Lexie nodded, biting her lower lip.

Just then, the doors opened on her floor and Kevin removed his hand from under her skirt and put his finger in her mouth, licking her juices off with an appreciative moan. 

Lexie pointed to the right. "This way." She walked with him to the end of the hallway and used her key to get inside her condo. As soon as they were inside, she tossed her keys on the bench next to the door, locked the door behind him and threw her arms around his neck and started kissing him.

He kissed her back with passion, exploring every part of her lips and tasting her tongue. Then, he broke the kiss and said "I really need to be inside you. Now, little girl!"

He turned her around and pushed her against the back of the sofa. He lifted her skirt with one hand while undoing his jeans and taking out his cock with the other. He asked "You ready for this little girl?" Without waiting for an answer, he pulled her thong aside and pushed his cock against her pussy. He was right, he was well endowed. As he entered her, Lexie felt her pussy stretch like it had never been stretched before. She was worried about pain but he pushed in slowly and gave her time to adapt to his size. 

Lexie heard Kevin moan when he was fully inside her and she moaned too. He grabbed her hips and started fucking her. "Oh, I've been waiting a long time to fuck you little girl."

"Go ahead old man, fuck me to your heart's content."

Kevin fucked her hard for a few moment and then slowed down. He then reached around her and put his hand on her mound. He pressed against it which got her moaning. Then, reaching under the thin fabric of her thong, he gently parted her pussy lips and found her clit. He pressed against it and then moved his fingers in a circular motion, making her grind against him with pleasure. He had slowed down his pace to focus on finding her clit but now that he'd found it, he accelerated again, both the speed of fucking her and the speed of his fingers on her clit. It wasn't long and Lexie cried out "Oh, God, I'm going to come, don't stop!"

Kevin could only moan as he kept up the pace until he felt her pussy contract against his cock. Lexie screamed her release and Kevin stopped rubbing her clit and grabbed her hips with both hands and pounded into her until he came inside her.

When they were both spent, he pulled her up against him and held her, kissing her cheek and her neck. "Take me to your room little girl, this was just the beginning."

Lexie led him to the bedroom where she'd already turned down the bed. They both took turns washing up in the attached bathroom where Lexie had prepared a towel and wash cloth for Kevin.

When they were done, Kevin took Lexie face in his hands and kissed her softly on the lips. "Now little girl, we take our time and play."

Kevin kissed her sweetly, passionately for a long time. Lexie took the time to really feel up his back and his ass as they were kissing. Kevin then pulled away and took her tank top off, whistling his appreciation. He gently caressed her breast through the lacy black bra and said "So this is what you've been hiding under your shirts!" He teased her nipples with his thumbs and they hardened in response. 

Lexie undid his shirt buttons and pushed his shirt off his shoulders. Then she tugged at his under shirt and he pulled it off, just like she had described in her call. He then said "I'll take my pants off if you take your skirt off." He got completely naked while she stood in front of him with her black thong and bra. She barely glanced at his cock but he saw it. "Don't worry little girl, after a little rest, he'll spring back to life and give you another pounding."

He grabbed her head again and kissed her hard. He then moved her to the bed and pushed her on to it. Lexie sat on the bed and heard Kevin command "Take off your bra, little girl." She reached behind her and undid the bra and then removed it. 

Kevin kneeled down on the thick carpet and took one of her nipples in his mouth while his hand caressed the other breast. Lexie let her head fall back, enjoying the caress. She ran her fingers through his hair and found that it was amazingly thick for a guy his age. He took turns sucking on both her nipples, caressing the other and teasing the nipple between his thumb and finger. 

Then, when he'd had his fill of playing with her breasts, he pushed her down on the bed and kissed her inner thighs. He then said "Up!" as he pulled her thong off. Lexie could barely breathe in anticipation of what was to come. He teased her, kissing her everywhere but where the final destination was. When he finally did lick her slit, she inhaled sharply and her bottom lifted up the bed. Kevin gently pushed her back down and licked her pussy up and down and circled his tongue on her clit, making her moan and buck off the bed again. He played with her, taking her to the edge several times and holding back the final push. 

Lexie was moaning loudly and soon felt the tingles of a powerful orgasm but he denied her. Eventually, she begged "Please Kevin."

"Please what little girl?"

"You know what I want. Ahhh......" Lexie moaned as he brought her to the edge again and held back.

"Tell me little girl, tell me what you want."

"Please Kevin, make me come. I'm so close!"

Kevin finally pushed her over the edge and she came, hard, screaming her second release of the night.

Kevin let her come back down to earth and got on the bed next to her. He kissed her breasts again and caressed her gently. He then kissed her and pulled her against him, caressing her back and ass. Soon, Lexie could feel his erection against her lower abdomen. She moved her hand between them and wrapped her fingers around his hardening cock. 

Kevin moaned against her mouth. He then pulled away from her. "Get up on the bed properly little girl."

Lexie scooted up and straightened up on the bed. Kevin waited until she was set and then straddled her chest. "Oh little girl, I've been fantasizing about wrapping your tits around my cock for days now." As he was saying it, he moved up and pushed his hard cock between the tits he was holding together. As they didn't have any lubricant, he moved slowly, carefully and gently pushed her tits together to caress his cock. With his thumbs and fingers, he teased the nipples, making it pleasurable for her too. 

After a few minutes of fucking her tits, he told her "Open wide little girl, I want you to suck my cock."

Lexie used both her hands on his cock and took him into her mouth. Kevin moaned. He stilled himself and let her set the pace. Lexie licked and sucked his cock, enjoying the taste and shape of him. His plum-shaped glans was soft and warm in her mouth. Lexie lavished his glans, spending several minutes licking, sucking and gently biting it. She gently rubbed her teeth around his glans, back and forth. Then, she started taking as much of him as she could, moving back and forth. Kevin wrapped his hand in her hair, pulling her on his cock. With her hands, she caressed the part of his cock that didn't fit in her mouth and gently fondled his sack and his balls. When she felt his balls tightening, she slowed down. 

He let her do this a few times and then pulled away from her. "I don't want to come in your mouth tonight little girl. I want to come in your tight pussy."

"Mmmmm. Sounds good."

Kevin kneeled between her legs and put the plum-shaped head of his cock at her entrance. She was still wet from her previous orgasm. 

"You want this little girl?"

"Yes."

"Yes what?"

"Yes, please."

"Be specific little girl, what do you want me to do to you?"

"Fuck me old man, please fuck me."

As she finished her plea, Lexie felt Kevin penetrate her completely. He moved slowly, savoring the sensations of being in her tight pussy.

"Ah little girl, I was in such a hurry before that I missed enjoying your tight pussy fully. You're so tight, little girl. Oh, this is good."

Kevin was moving back and forth slowly, enjoying the feeling of her tight pussy around his cock. He kissed her and caressed her face as he took his time fucking her. 

He gently fucked her for a while and then moved faster between her legs. Then, he said "I want you on top of me little girl."

He flipped them over and when she was above, he started playing with her nipples, teasing them, teasing her. Lexie was grinding against Kevin and squeezing him inside her and then alternating with moving up and down his rock hard cock. 

They continued like that for a while and then Kevin said "I'm getting close little girl and I want to be on top when I do so."

"Your wish is my command old man!"

They rolled over again and Kevin increased the pace.

"Think you can come for me once more little girl?"

"You keep pounding me like this and I will."

Kevin pounded her hard and rested on his elbows while he twisted his arms to tease her nipples as he fucked her. Both of them were breathing hard, panting and moaning. Soon, Lexie cried out "Oh God, I'm going to come. Oh Kevin, don't stop, don't stop!" 

Lexie came, squeezing Kevin's cock. He then came himself, groaning. 

When they both finally caught their breaths, they cuddled in the bed, Kevin gently playing in her hair.

"Mind if I spend the night little girl?"

"I'd love for you to stay."

"You do realize that it means I'll want to fuck you again in the morning, right?"

"I can deal with that."

"Can we still do obscene phone calls at times?"

"Sure but I'd rather have the real thing."

"Me too. Good night little girl." Kevin kissed her.

"Good night old man."

*****

A/N: This is the end of the series. Thanks for all the feedback! 