 In order to better understand and properly follow this script you should probably re-read the very first few paragraphs of Chapter 1.

Enjoy! There is a new twist to the saga.

------

Chapter 5

"But I don't think I can cum twice, I may have to cum back tomorrow." Edward the Psychiatrist said.

"Sweetie, you will definitely cum again tonight, at least once more for sure, maybe even more than that before you leave." I told him.

"Oh my goodness, what have I got myself into." 

"Just relax Edward, you have stepped into my world now."

"You know I probably don't have to see you next Wednesday at the office. I'll just take notes tonight." He said as he laughed.

"Good, that will save me about $120 hour." I told him.

"Oh yes, well I don't come cheap." He said.

"Just wait until you get my bill, for the meal and for my professional services!" I said with a big grin.

"Touché, I guess I better mark your bill paid in full then."

"Thank you Edward. Now cuddle up to me please and explore my body."

"Did you want me to massage your ass cheeks again?"

"Soon Edward, very soon, but first explore the front of my body before I turn over. Feel my breasts again, investigate my pussy, wipe me clean and then lick my pussy, suck on my clit and get me all wet and horny again."

"Oh wow."

"Look, you are even getting hard again!" I said as I grinned.

"You are making suggestive thoughts and playing with my mind." He said as he smiled.

"Yes, Edward I am, then I'm going to suck your cock and make you cum in my mouth."

"Oh my goodness."

"After that Edward, you will get it up again just in time to fuck me, but don't forget I need you to pullout."

"Oh my god."

"Edward, if you don't get started on the front of my body and quit saying 'oh my god' I will add even more to the list."

"Oh my..."

"Edward, fill your mouth with my breast and stop talking or I will find a gag for your mouth. Now get started."

--------- 

Edward did a fine job that night and finally left somewhat exhausted and totally drained of any ejaculate material about 2 o'clock in the morning.

He had feasted on my body and easily made me orgasm in his mouth before I sucked him off and savored his cum juices.

Then I allowed him adequate time to recharge along with a small nap, before I let him mount me, later I made him pullout when he was ready to spill his last few dregs of cum onto my breasts. 

-----------

My work with Edward the shrink was basically over; I had seduced him and gotten a glowing report, which he had forwarded to the Judge who had presided over my Public Indecency charge.

Edward along with the Judge would fit neatly into my little black book of available male hopefuls that I had been compiling for quite a while, which would give me an ample supply of seminal fluids. 

All I had to do was schedule them at my hearts content.

----------

(At this point we have to backtrack to the day of my first court appearance)

No one knew about my secret involvement with the JUDGE, not even Edward, my court appointed Psychiatrist who would come on the scene later.

Because I chose not to be represented by a lawyer the Judge had initially asked to speak with me in his chambers. He said that he wanted to determine if I was competent to stand trial and defend myself. Luck was later on my side as the Prosecutor was called away on extremely urgent business. 

I told the Judge the whole story about the incident that had happened in the store with the Flasher (Chapter 1) and he was somewhat amused to say the least when I described my personal obsession with male ejaculate fluids. 

In fact I could tell that it had stimulated him to no end so I told him that I had noticed how stimulated he had gotten and realized that he was in a difficult ethical position.

"Yes, if this was a different time then things could be worked out." He had said at the time and I knew then, that he was willing to seek some kind of compromise.

"Well your Honor, I must admit, I do find you to be an attractive man. You know this whole incident was a spur of the moment thing and will never happen again. But here I am and because of this court case I decided to take a room close by at the Sheridan on the 2nd floor. But there's not much of a view from room #206 and not much to do except watch TV. I have no friends in town, who is close by, so it's very quiet, especially between 7 and 8 o'clock. It would be great to have company for the evening especially if it was an attractive older man, but alas I guess its just not meant to be."

"Well my dear, who knows, maybe some kind old gent will stop by." He said timidly just MERE SECONDS before the Prosecutor came back into the Judges chambers.

"Did I miss anything?" The Prosecutor said.

"Not really, I listened to the same story that you did. I'll make a decision at 10 am tomorrow." The Judge said and thanked me for my time then told me I could leave.

-----------

Later in the day I was back in the hotel room, I showered and then dressed in a low cut evening dress with a slit down the side. Underneath I wore silk stockings, suspenders and matching panties but no bra.

That evening about 7 o'clock I heard a tap on my hotel room door and opened it to find the Judge stood there, smiling.

"Come in your Honor, it seems my wish for an attractive gentleman has been granted." I said as I smiled, then closed and locked the door after he was inside.

"No need for formality, you can call me James, outside of the courtroom."

"Let me take your coat James, did you eat already? Would you like a drink from the mini bar?" I asked.

"Yes, I did eat, Judy, but I would love a Gin and Tonic."

I made him a drink then put it at the small table where he decided to sit.

We made small talk for a while and then he bluntly asked if I knew why he was there.

"Well James I presume it is to spend a nice relaxing quiet evening with a young woman that you find attractive and intelligent enough to sate your desires."

"Very well put young lady and very diplomatic. I trust we will just see how the evening progresses."

"Now let me make you more comfortable, James." I said as I removed his tie and loosened the top buttons on his shirt then slipped off his shoes and socks.

"Thank you Judy, that feels better."

"It is kind of stuffy in here James, would you like to assist in removing my dress?"

"Of course, I would love to help." He said and then he unzipped me as I turned my back to him. I let the dress fall to the floor and I was stood there topless.

"Thank you James." I said as I turned towards him and his eyes were riveted to my breasts. I unbuttoned his shirt and undid his belt then slowly slipped his trousers down and removed his shirt completely.

"I feel better already." He said as he grinned while I neatly hung his clothes.

"I assumed that if you got stains on your clothing then it may be an embarrassing issue for you, right." I said and he nodded so I removed his shorts and he was now naked. I ushered him to sit at the table and then straddled his knee while facing him and kissed him on the cheek.

"I want you to be pleased with me James, whisper in my ear and tell me what you would like me to do for you."

"Just whatever you feel like doing, Judy. But it won't rise to the occasion easily on its own anymore." He said as my hand slid down and held his flaccid cock.

"That's no problem James, I'll just have to coax it to come out and play naturally or I can give you some assistance with a small blue pill. Now please hold my breasts and kiss my nipples, make them erect and then suck them."

I partially stood and eased his head towards my chest then ran my fingers through his hair and looked down at his mildly growing penis.

"I'm yours for the night James, I'll do ANYTHING you want." I whispered softly in his ear, as his hands cupped my bottom cheeks and his mouth sucked gently on my nipples.

I could feel encouragement in his penis as it grew slowly in my hands and knew that the time was getting closer and closer to having him in my mouth.

"Mmmm, James, you're making my sensitive nipples so hot, I need to taste you in my mouth. Can I have your penis in my mouth? Will you hold my head tight when you shoot your cum between my wet lips and then on my face?"

"Oh Judy, will I ever." He said as I slowly stroked his small hard penis and then knelt before him to get a better look.

At a little more than 5 inches he may have been the smallest I had had in years and I easily took all of it without any effort.

I sucked and licked him slowly as I prolonged his pleasure and then when I felt and observed the telltale signs of his pending ejaculation I speeded up.

He started to push forward and his fingers ran through my hair until he hoisted himself off the chair.

"Oh Judy, oh my, please... keep... going." He murmured as he hung onto the table when his legs trembled and I felt the spasms pulling at his testicles.

I quickly switched to long deep sucks with a short quick double suck on his penis head before I plunged my mouth down to the base again.

His fingers gripped my head tighter so I reached around his butt and pulled him tightly towards me and let him control the thrusts into my mouth.

"Awwww good god, ooooooh, ooooooooh." He cried just before he spurted his first shot into my mouth. Quickly he broke free and withdrew then jerked his hard penis off and shot the rest of his warm cum juices all over my face.

I looked up at him and smiled as he stood there with bent legs and that special look that a man gets when he ejaculates.

He amazed me with the quantity that he produced and I knew then that this wouldn't be just a one-night stand.

"Mmmm, James, I love the way you cum." I said as he settled back down onto the chair and I sank my mouth over his wet penis.

"Oooooh Judy, my goodness girl, that was fantastic. It must be a good 15 or 20 years since I had such a powerful ejaculation. Thank you my dear, you were wonderful."

"I wonder how long since you licked a young woman's pussy?"

"A very long time ago, my dear."

"Well maybe you can help remove my panties and lick mine then, please."

"With pleasure, Judy." He said as I wiped my face while we both stood. I assisted by unfastening my suspender belt and he eased that down along with my panties but he left my thigh high stockings alone.

I edged us both slowly towards the bed and then sat on the edge and laid back so that all he had to do was kneel on the plush carpet and put his head between my wide open legs.

"What a beautiful sight." He said softly before his tongue came down and licked between my wet lips then darted in and out of my wet jewel box.

"Mmmm, James, you haven't lost your technique, this is really nice, keep going sweetie, don't stop, I'm wet already and getting... wetter." I moaned softly as he licked and sucked on my clit.

For a 59 year old Judge he was pretty darn good at providing oral and finger service to my hot wet pussy and he was showing no signs of letting up on his exploration of my genitalia. I certainly loved every minute and was extremely thankful that I wouldn't have to even dream about faking any signs of orgasmic pleasure. This was going to be a real live test of his talents.

"Keep going, keep doing whatever it is you are doing, oooooh ooooooh oooooooh, nearly, ooooooh." I cried as I arched my back and gripped the bedsheets. 

"Nearly, nearly, ooooooh yesss, I'm cummin yesss, yesssssss." I cried as he barely slowed down. Finally he stopped and shakily stood in front of me with his hard penis standing straight out.

"Give it to me James, push your hard cock inside my wet pussy." I murmured as I held out my hands and beckoned him. He was on top of me in seconds and thrusting for all he was worth as I drew my feet around his butt and pushed into him.

I brought his head down to mine and kissed him passionately as his hot labored breath pumped into my mouth.

"Oooooh god, oooooh Judy, almost." He cried out of the corner of his mouth.

"Pullout when you can baby, cum all over my belly, and squeeze it between us both." I moaned and moments later he quickly eased it out onto my belly and I felt his warm slippy cum spilling between us as we slid together and then I held him tightly as I rode the crest of a new powerful orgasm.

"Oooooh Judy is this what you wanted?" He said softly.

"Mmmm, yes sweetie, thank you James, that was perfect."

----------

We showered later and then we chatted for a while as he talked about my court case.

"My god, you are truly wonderful Judy, I can see how your obsession got you in trouble on that fateful night."

"Thank you James, I have really enjoyed you and I'd like to see you again, irregardless of tomorrows outcome in court." I said as I wiped sweat from my brow.

"I'm honored and I would love to see you again Judy but I have to kind of pacify the prosecution. But leave it with me and I'll come up with a compromise solution. Maybe I can dismiss the charges of Public Indecency provided that you agree to see a Psychiatrist who will have to report back to the court. That way nothing would ever appear on your record. My god, you're sweating profusely are you okay?" He said.

"Yes, I'm fine, I just need to lay down and rest, maybe its something I ate earlier but this has been very taxing on my system. But thank you James, that sounds acceptable." I told him and later I made sure he was dressed impeccably before I let him leave.

"I'll see you at 10 am in the morning at court, Judy, and thanks for a wonderful evening." He said before he left.

-----------

In Chapter 6, I'm free and clear to get back to my incessant search for sticky slimy MALE seminal fluids. 

But my god, how far will I go to feed my insatiable desire?

You may be shocked, sickened and ready to hurl abusive 4 letter words at me.

Who knows?