 A/N: This is a continuation of a previous story.

*****

Lexie looked at her call display and took note of Kevin's phone number for future use. Not seeing him for a few days because he was on days off did nothing to cool her fires. Nonetheless, she waited until the night before Kevin would work his set of night shifts before she dialed his number.

"Hello?"

"This is an obscene phone call, don't hang up."

"It's about time!"

"Don't be impatient with me old man or I'll just hang up."

"Okay, okay."

"You still dressed?"

"Yes. Do you want me to undress?"

"Not so fast old man. I'm the one doing the talking this time so slow down, listen to what I say, follow instructions or I'll hang up!"

"I'm not used to following instructions so you'll have to be patient with me too."

"We'll see. Now go to your bedroom and turn down the bed."

Kevin did as he was told and his voice softened. "All right."

"Just like you enjoyed undressing me, I want to enjoy undressing you. Feel my hands going up your arms, over your shirt. When my hands get to the top, they come back down over your pecs until they meet in the middle where the buttons are. Then, one by one, I undo the buttons on your shirt. I then caress your torso on the way up to your shoulders to push your shirt off and down your arms."

"I'm wearing an undershirt."

"I know. I'm getting to that. After your shirt is off, my hands go to your waist and I pull the undershirt out of your pants. Once it's free from your pants, I let you take it off."

"It's off."

"My hands are back on your stomach, caressing your skin through the chest hair. My hands are moving up and going to your nipples, gently caressing them, teasing the nipples."

"Mmmm."

"I continue to caress your chest and nipples and I come closer so I can kiss your neck. I gradually work my way down until my lips reach one nipple. There, my tongue reaches out and teases it. Then, I move to the other nipple and twirl my tongue around it, teasing it. "

"Don't stop."

"I'm not stopping. While I'm paying attention to your nipples, my hands move down to your waist again. Before I do anything there, I put my arms around you and caress your back, pulling you into a deep kiss. Then, I pull back and go back to teasing your nipples with my tongue while my hands start undoing your belt and jeans."

Lexie could hear Kevin's breathing becoming shallower. She continued.

"I am now pushing your jeans off your hips and taking your underwear down at the same time. You step out of them and also take off your socks. You are finally naked in front of me but I haven't touched you below the belt yet."

Kevin whispered "You're a tease."

"Gee, I wonder where I learned that?" Lexie laughed.

"Don't stop little girl, you've got me good and hard."

"Describe it to me."

"I've already told you that I'm well endowed, what more do you need to know?"

"Are you circumcised? Is the glans bigger than the shaft? That kind of thing."

"I am cut and yes, the glans is a bit bigger than the shaft."

"Mmmm, beautiful. What about your balls, big or small? Dangling or tight to the body?"

"Medium size, dangling a bit."

"I figured."

"What do you mean, you figured?"

"You think I haven't checked you out old man? I can look at your crotch just as easily as you can look into my blouse."

"I guess. Just didn't think girls did that."

"Oh yeah we do. At least I do. Now, back to serious business. My hands are still at your ankles and I am now kneeling in front of you. My hands are now moving up the outside of you legs, caressing every inch along the way. Then, I move my hands back down your legs on the front of the legs, avoiding your core. I only go down to your knees and then move back up on the inside of the legs, until I reach your balls. With the one hand, I cup your balls and gently caress them and with the other, I encircle your shaft."

Lexie heard Kevin moan. She continued.

"One hand is still caressing your balls and the other starts to move up and down your shaft, caressing it from the base all the way to the tip, without squeezing yet. How does that feel?"

"Nice. Don't stop."

"Don't worry, I won't stop and leave you hanging. I want this as much as you do."

"Good."

"Now I tighten up my grip a bit on your shaft and speed up a bit. Up and down the shaft I move my hand. Then, I stop." Lexie teased.

"Thought you said you wouldn't stop."

Lexie could hear the frustration in his voice.

"Relax old man, I'm just stopping that movement, not the whole thing. The hand that was caressing your balls is now moving and reaching around you to grab your ass and pull you towards me and finally kiss the tip of that plum head of yours."

Once again, Lexie heard Kevin moan. "That's better." Kevin hoarsely said.

"I then open my lips and lick your tip, slowly running my tongue around it. I then take you into my mouth and keep caressing you with my tongue."

Kevin moaned louder.

"I then start the back and forth motion on your rock hard cock, licking, teasing. Mmmm, you're filling up my mouth and it feels good. You liking this?"

"Oh yeah, keep going little girl, this is good."

"Mmmmm, I'm loving having you in my mouth, moving up and down your shaft and licking your plum-shaped head. Then, I slow down and gently suck on it. As I suck, I lick the underside of your cock, where the shaft meets the head."

"Oh God, little girl, don't stop. I'm getting close."

"With the one hand, I'm caressing your ass and pulling you into me. With the other hand, I'm stroking the part of your shaft that can't fit in my mouth. I'm moving faster now, back and forth on your shaft. Your hands are now in my hair, and you're helping set the pace. You want to come for me baby? I want to swallow it all. Come for me big guy, feel my tongue under on that sweet spot, licking and teasing."

Lexie then heard Kevin groan loudly and said "That's it, give it to me. Mmmm. Tastes good."

"Ahh, little girl, that was good. Did you come too?"

"Sorry, I didn't. I'm having my period so I didn't even try. But I wanted to imagine having you tonight and have you on the receiving end of an obscene phone call for once."

"You were good, convincing. Although I still prefer to be the one in control."

"Good night old man."

"Good night little girl."

*****

A/N: I promise they'll get together in the next part!