 Sorry it took so long, I had to change it a bit. You will understand at the end. To those of you that have followed the story, thank you. Also a very large thank you to the Professor. You have helped me a great deal. With that being said, this last part is dedicated to you, without a doubt you are 'the one'. For everyone, I do hope you enjoy the twist at the end. Thanks and enjoy the journey.



The cab ride back was uneventful. Susan laid her head on his shoulder during the drive, while Chad held her close. They arrived at the hotel and Chad returned their empty picnic basket, still holding Susan's hand. The desk clerk smiled and asked Chad if they enjoyed the waterfall.

"If you want to start your own business, sell tickets to that place," he told him, unable to keep from turning to Susan beaming at her. She, in return, flushed bright red.

After leaving the desk and making their way through the lobby, Chad turned to Susan and said, "We have time for a shower and quick change of clothes. I'll meet up with you in an hour or so."

"So you don't want me to wash your back, or maybe your front?" she said coyly?

"If you wash my back, or anything else for that matter, I'll need a wheel chair to go home," he joked before kissing her lightly.

Chad walked Susan her room. She tried to coax him into making love again and even pouted a little when he declined. He got back to his room and started the shower. While he was undressing, he noticed his clothes had a sprinkling of sand on them. His memories of the waterfall were going to be with him for some time.

After he was clean of all the sand and the smell of sex, he got dressed. As he was packing his things, there was a knock at the door. "God, this woman has an unbelievable sex drive!" he said to himself as he went to answer the door. He opened it and was surprised. It wasn't Susan, but Monica standing there.

"Hello, Chad. Mind if I come in?" she asked. It took Chad a moment to recover from his initial shock. Monica stood there smiling at him in an amused way.

"Yes, please. Where are my manners? I thought you were Susan coming to meet me," he told her while stepping aside to let her pass. 

"May I ask what you thought of the waterfall?" Monica inquired.

"Oh my God! It's like having a heaven tucked away just for you," he replied.

"I thought you two might enjoy it. It's a place where two people can find each other, if they look hard enough," Monica said.

"Monica, I have to ask you something. I hope you won't find this too prying. It appears that you're trying very hard to make sure Susan and I spend time together. What's the catch?" he asked, raising his eyebrow a little.

"Well, since you're curious, I'll tell you. It all started when I saw you dancing the first night. It was clear that you were falling in love with her," she said.

"What are you saying, Monica?"

"I'm saying that when two people are on separate paths in life, sometimes they need a little push in the right direction," she replied. "Now, can I ask you a question?" she said. Chad nodded approvingly.

"Are you falling in love with her?" Monica asked. Her affect showed that she obviously knew the answer.

"That's kind of a personal question, don't you think?" he said, avoiding answering her. 

"Think of it as something I would like to know before you leave the island," Monica said.

"Ok, yes. I am falling in love with her. Don't ask me to explain it, but I am," he said, a little surprised by his admission.

"You haven't told her yet have you, Chad?"

"No. Not in so many words," Chad admitted.

"Sometimes when people meet, it's for a reason. They don't have to know why. They don't even have to understand it. One thing is for sure. If you love her, you need to tell her. Don't let the moment slip by you like a ghost in the night," Monica said.

"This is all very strange, Monica. Are you the Island's tour guide or a match maker?" he asked.

"Maybe a little of both, she replied with a sparkle in her eyes. "I have to get going. I hope everything turns out well for you. If you ever come back to the Islands, come find me and let me know how things turned out," she said.

When she opened the door and stepped out, she looked at Chad over her shoulder. "Remember, Chad, adventure takes us on a round-about journey. Fate shows us the way."

"I will Monica. It was a stroke of fate that I met you," Chad said. She left and Chad finished packing. 'What a strange woman,' he thought.

Chad finished packing, placing the suitcases by the hot tub. Staring at the tub, he remembered the great sex he and Susan had in the bubbles and water. Chad went around the room making sure he left nothing behind.

He noticed some laundry under the edge of the couch. He picked up the garment and noticed it was a pair of lacy panties. Since no one else had come up to his room during the weekend, he figured they belonged to Susan. Another knock on the door interrupted his thoughts.

"This room is turning into Grand Central Station," Chad said in an annoyed tone.

Chad opened the door to find Susan standing there. She was fidgeting and biting her lower lip. To Chad, it appeared something was bothering her.

"Susan, I thought we were going to meet in the lobby," he said. 

"I was packing and noticed a pair of my panties was missing. I was wondering if they ended up here," she told him, still biting her lip.

"I just found them under the couch. Come in and sit down while I finish checking the room," Chad said as he moved to the side.

Susan walked in and went to the couch. She sat with her hands in her lap, her eyes looking at the floor. Chad found it odd that a woman so sexually charged was acting as if she was nervous.

"Susan it looks like something is bothering you. Did I do something wrong? Has something happened?" Chad asked.

"I just wanted to be with you alone for a few moments," she said still looking down.

"I think I've come to know you fairly well, something is bothering you. Whatever it is you can tell me," Chad told her as he knelt down in front of her.

Susan looked down at Chad. She searched his eyes as if looking for the strength she seemed to lack.

"I don't know where to start, Chad. Ever since I met you at the pool, I've felt safe and happy."

"Is that what has you troubled? Susan, you don't need to feel ashamed of your feelings. You are who you are. You can't change that," Chad said as he held her hand.

"We've had a lot of fun this weekend. I don't think I will ever be more satisfied, even if I try. The truth is I trust you so much that I feel I can tell you anything. I can tell you things about me and you won't be scared off, like other men," Susan told him as she searched his eyes for a sign.

"If I was going to be scared off, I would have done it after the cove. You were really horny that day. Then again, the waterfall wasn't bad either. You have a gift for talking dirty," Chad told her.

"I know I have a high sex drive. I like teasing. I like - many things--things that might make you think badly of me. You told me in the hot tub that you don't use women," she said biting her lip again.

"I feel sex should be enjoyed by both parties. If I just take what I want, then you get nothing. That wouldn't be very fair to you," Chad said.

"What would you do if I told you...what if I said I...I mean it would be ok if..." Susan couldn't find the words to tell him.

"Susan you're not making any sense. Now tell me what's on your mind," Chad said, maybe a little more forcibly than he needed to.

Susan looked as if she might start to cry. "What if I told you that I want you to do that? That it would be ok to use me. I feel like I'm living in a shell. I trust you. It's required for the first step. The first step in releasing ..." she blurted out.

Chad stared at her, not knowing how to respond to this declaration of truth. Susan sat there looking at him wondering if he would turn and run away. Was he the one who she searched for all these years? Chad stared at her, not knowing how to respond

He wasn't stupid. He knew that some women have two sides. One, was the out going, normal, everyday woman that went about her day like any other. The other was one that needed to submit to a dominant person, to relinquish control of their lives to someone they trusted. 

Chad stood up and went over to his suitcase. Susan lowered her head and began softly crying. She tried to tell him, but the results came out the same as the others. With all her hopes of finding the right one gone, she stood up. She needed to leave this embarrassing moment behind her, to return to the shell until 'the one' would come and set her free. Chad noticed her trying to leave. 

"Where are you going, Susan?" Chad asked in a tone that even surprised him.

Susan jumped at the firmness in his voice. Was there a possibility he might be the one? Could this really be the end of the searching? Chad sensed her hesitancy.

"I asked you a question, Susan," Chad said firmly.

"I-I w-was just about to..." she stammered.

Chad closed the distance between them, coming to standing in front of her and towering over her. Susan instinctively lowered her eyes and shrank back, letting him know that she accepted his dominance. "I did not give you permission to leave, Susan." Susan nodded submissively.

"I think I understand what you've been trying to tell me. What I don't understand is why me?" he asked her.

Susan kept her eyes down. She wanted desperately to answer but he didn't give permission.

"You may speak to answer the question," he told her.

"The reason is...trust. I told you before that a woman would do almost anything when she trusts someone. I have waited a very long time to find a man who wouldn't think I was a freak. A man that I can feel safe with, that I can give myself to. I know this is all strange to you, Chad. I needed to tell you how I felt. I needed to find answers to my questions," Susan said.

Susan looked up to see if Chad had a glimmer of understanding. In some strange way, she felt as if her future depended on it. For the two new lovebirds, it was a quiet moment as time and space stopped. It waited on Chad. It waited for an answer.

"First, let me say this. I don't really know how to do this. I may not be that person you seek. I could never really be mean to you or hurt you. Can you understand that, Susan?" Chad asked. 

"I trust you Chad. I know you would never do anything to hurt me badly. If you are afraid of all this, then you should say so now before we go any further."

Chad looked at his watch. There was still some time left before he had to check out. He thought about all the things that have happened this weekend. He thought about Monica's talk about roads, paths that life shows us, fate finding away.

"Susan, listen to me. If at any time you feel you're in danger, if you feel pain. I want you to say the word 'orange.' Do you understand?" Chad said.

"Yes."

"Yes what?" Chad asked.

"Yes, Sir. I understand what to say," Susan replied, looking down again. Chad couldn't see her. She was smiling.

"Get down on your knees in front of me," he ordered. Susan dropped down quickly. Pull out my cock so you can see it." Susan quickly opened his pants and slid them to his ankles. When she pulled his briefs down, she let out a gasp. Chad's cock was hard as a rock.

"It appears that you like what you see. Since you made it this way, you should take care of it. Do you think it should be your job to take care of it?" Chad asked.

"Yes," Susan breathed.

"Yes?" Chad asked sternly.

"Yes, Sir," Susan quickly corrected.

"For a woman who said she enjoys this, you sure have a short memory. Um - I mean you have a short fucking memory...bitch," Chad told her as he stumbled with the right words. Susan pussy twitched when she heard the word.

"Forgive me. Yes, Sir. It should be my job to care of it. Will you allow me to give you relief...Sir?"

"Take my cock into your mouth and show me how much I mean to you," Chad told her in a husky voice. 

Susan placed the tip of his cock between her lips, running her tongue around the large leaking head. When she applied suction, Chad's breath caught in his throat. He didn't know how he was going to stay in control with her talented mouth. 

Susan lowered her head, taking half of his cock into her mouth. After sliding her tongue on the vein, she allowed the meat to slide free until just the head remained.

"You call that cock sucking? If you can't suck my cock like a wanton whore the deal is off...Slut." Chad said in a warning tone of voice.

Susan slurped up and down his cock energetically. She knew Chad was trying his best. Could she teach him what he needed to know? What she needed him to do? Even though Chad was not outwardly dominant, he could still be forceful when necessary.

"If you can't suck my cock like you're supposed to, then I'll just have to do it myself," Chad said. 

Chad grabbed the sides of her head. Twisting his fingers in Susan's hair, he pulled hard. His cock slid deeply into her throat and he heard her gag. He repeated this a few more times. Each time yielded the same result. He pulled her mouth off his cock and let Susan suck air into her lungs. He felt that it was too much and she would say 'orange.' Yet she didn't.

"Thank you for showing me how to suck cock...Sir. Please let me try again," she said as she continued to catch her breath.

"I like doing it myself. Maybe just a few more lessons and you'll have it for sure," he told her as he placed the head between her lips again not allowing her to prepare herself.

Chad pumped half of his cock in Susan's mouth. When he thought she was ready, he tightened his grip and pulled her lips down to the base. The sensations he felt as her throat tightened around his cock made him weak. Repeatedly he let her up for air, then, forced his cock down her windpipe again.

Chad felt a strange feeling come over him as he face fucked Susan's face. He couldn't describe it really. It was as if the world suddenly stopped. He lifted her face up and held her there, looking into her eyes. Even though they swelled with tears, she seemed at peace with herself. 

"Well did you learn anything, bitch?" Chad asked as he released his grasp.

"Yes, Sir. Thank you for teaching me," Susan replied, wiping saliva from her mouth with the back of her hand.

"That's a very nice dress you have on for the flight home. You weren't thinking about coaxing me into joining the mile high club, were you?" he asked.

"Yes, Sir I was going to get you to fuck me in the restroom. I wanted you to fuck me like I need to be fucked...Sir," Susan said as she jacked him off.

Chad backed away and stepped out of his pants. Susan was still kneeling on the floor, waiting for his next order.

"Get up and strip for me. If you don't do it to my liking, I may just have to put it in your ass as punishment." Chad told her as he stroked his very wet cock.

Susan felt like her body was on fire. She stood up and started removing her clothes, caressing her body as she went. When she was down to her panties Chad stopped her. Susan stood there, her arms at her side. The way Chad was stroking his cock she felt sure she was had met his approval. She felt her pussy juice sliding down her legs.

"Leave your panties on for now. I like the way they look on you," he said. "Now get down on your hands and knees with your head on the couch. I think it's time you get fucked like you've be wanting," Chad said with an evil tone.

Susan was screaming inside as she got into position. She knew Chad would have no problem shoving his whole cock inside her pussy. No, it wasn't her pussy now. It belonged to Chad. It was his pussy...his...cunt. He could do whatever he wanted to her. She would not say deny him. She heard Chad come up behind her and trembled with excitement. She felt his foot slid between her legs, forcing them farther apart.

"Look at you, Slut. You're dripping wet with pussy juice. Did you already cum, you Slut?" Chad asked. He really didn't need to. He already knew the answer.

"I'm sorry Sir. My pussy...I mean your cunt, has been cumming since you throat fucked me," Susan apologized. She was hoping that admitting to her orgasms would bring about the reaction she wanted. There was still a possibility that he wasn't the one.

"I don't remember giving you permission to cum. Do you remember getting fucking permission to cum before me?" Chad asked as he ran his foot up to her cunt.

When his foot contacted her covered clit, she couldn't help herself. Susan let out a low moan, hoping he would press harder. "No, no, Sir. Your slut did not get permission...oh God...to fucking cum," She moaned. Susan knew what ever happened from here she would not cum. Not until her...owner, gave permission.

Chad moved in behind her placing the tip of his cock against her panty-covered pussy lips. He leaned over her and whispered in her ear. "Listen closely and pay attention. No matter what I do from here on out, you are not to cum until I give you permission. Is that anyway unclear to you...whore?" he asked.

"Yes, I understand," she said purposely. Chad pulled his cock away from her pussy.

"I didn't hear that last part correctly. What did you just fucking say?" he asked.

"I mean, yes Sir. I understand that I'm not allowed to cum," Susan said, her voice full of disappointment.

Breaking out of character for just a moment, he kissed her neck lightly. "I'm still new to this Susan. How am I doing so far?" Chad asked her.

"Oh my God Chad, I feel like I'm pissing myself. You can be rougher if you want, I can take more than you think. Keep going...please," Susan pleaded.

Chad kissed her on the neck again to reassure her. He placed the tip of his cock back against her panties. It seems that I won't be able to fuck you. You still have your panties on. Let's see what we can do about that.

Chad traced his fingers down one side. What he discovered intrigued him. There was a slight tear in one edge. It was smooth on the edges. That kind of cut could only come from a pair of scissors. Had Susan preplanned this game of submission? Did she do this on purpose, hoping that he'd rip them off her?

Chad grabbed the small tear. In one forceful motion, he ripped panties open. Susan moaned as she felt the garment tear into pieces. The only thing that would make it better she thought is if he had her tied up.

"Now that your fucking panties are out of the way, I see you've been cumming a lot," Chad said. What Susan had said earlier was correct. It did look like she was pissing herself. Chad ran his hands over her ass, pushing the torn material up. He noticed another small tear at the waistband. They were useless as underwear now, so he finished the damage. 

Chad grabbed the torn material and ripped it in small amounts. Each time he tore it open more, Susan's pussy gushed. With her panties torn completely open, Chad pulled them off and placed them on the couch. When Susan saw the shredded underwear she almost came, but she held off. Chad hadn't given permission.

Chad grabbed her hip with one hand and placed his cock head against her flooded pussy. Susan's legs started to tremble with nervous anticipation. Was he the one? Could she finally speak aloud the name? The name she desperately wanted to scream out in pleasure.

He reached up with his now unoccupied hand, grabbing Susan hair. Chap pulled Susan's head up, using her hair like a set of horse reins. "You have a talent of talking like a cheap whore. I found that out at the waterfall today. If you please me enough, I will consider letting you cum. If you do a shitty job of it, you will force me to punish you. Do you understand...Slut?"

"Yes, Sir. I will make it very good for you, Sir," Susan cried out. Even though her neck hurt in this position, it wasn't enough to say the safe word.
