 You probably need to read the previous two chapters. Time-wise, this chapter begins just after chapter 2. If you're just looking for the sex part, scroll a bit - you'll get there! If you don't like illicit behavior in your erotic fantasies, find another story, please. :-)

*

I was doing yard work on a Saturday when Taylor drove by. She smiled and waved at me, and when I waved back she pulled to the curb and got out. She was wearing shorts and a red top - it was clinging to her breasts and firm abs.

"Hey, Chris, what'cha doing?" she said, casually.

"Just - about to get started trimming the hedges," I said, nervously.

"We haven't seen much of you lately."

"Penny hasn't seen as much of me as she used to. The job has me going out of town a lot."

"We miss seeing you."

"You and John both?"

"Look, Chris, I thought we got all this worked out," she said, her pretty smile fading into an equally appealing sad look.

"We did. Sorry," I said, putting down a hedge trimmer. "Where are you going this afternoon?"

"I overslept so I'm heading off for a late lunch. Want to come with me?"

"Better get started on this before Penny gets back from shopping."

"Penny won't be back for two or three hours. You'll be starving before she gets back. Come on, live a little." I caught a whiff of her perfume in the wind.

"Well, okay." I put down the hedge trimmer and took off the leather gloves.

"Is John still in Tallahassee?"

"Yep. He gets back Tuesday, with any luck. Sucks to be gone over the weekend, but it's a big job, and it's overdue."

We were in a little Japanese lunch place not far from the neighborhood. I was trying to look casual, and trying not to stare too much at Taylor's chest. Something about the way she sat made that difficult, and the top wasn't helping. Our hands brushed when we both went for a sauce bowl about the same time, and she giggled as she smoothly withdrew her hand.

"Of course, he'll be all frustrated when he gets back, and that's a good thing."

"Excuse me? I guess I had a blank look on my face - she started laughing.

"Pent-up demand, if you will. Doesn't take long with him. Sorry, too much information?" she said as she ladled some kind of spicy sauce on her food and licked her fingers. "Say, Chris, I've got to admit it wasn't sheer coincidence I drove by today. I'm glad you could come out with me. I wanted to make sure you were really all right. I'm still a bit worried about Penny."

"Why? I mean, I know what you're talking about, but what do you mean?"

"I think she still feels guilty about what she's - done. Me and John have done some stuff before - we didn't plan all that, but it wasn't that big a deal to us. But you two seemed really innocent. I'm sorry if it put a strain on things."

Suddenly a memory I'd been trying not to think about came back - Taylor's pendulous breasts swinging freely as she walked around mostly naked that weekend; how it all ended up with Penny on top of John and, a minute later, me on top of Taylor. "It wasn't your fault. It just brought something out that apparently Penny and I both wanted and didn't want to admit. I guess everyone wants what we're not supposed to have. It's human nature," I concluded, bringing some rice and shrimp to my mouth to avoid looking at Taylor.

"I guess so," Taylor said, exhaling.

We tried to make small talk as we headed back in her car. "Could you take a look at my gate latch? John hasn't been able to get to it, and it's sticking every time I head back to the pool." The sun was getting a little lower, but the late summer heat was still high. I looked at the latch; the only problem was the gate needed a simple adjustment in the way it was hung. I found one of John's screwdrivers and fixed it.

"Perfect! Thanks, Chris. Do you have time to sit by the pool a minute?"

"I guess so. I'll call Penny and check."

I called Penny and asked how her shopping was coming. I didn't say where I was, and it didn't come up in the conversation. But it was obvious Penny was still going to be gone a while. She sounded kind of out of breath. When I got off the phone, Taylor was walking back out of the house with a couple of beers. Having taken off her top, she was down to a running bra and her shorts.

"Sorry, it's hot out here. Cheers," she said, clinking beer bottles with me. We sat down in pool chairs next to each other.

"Not to keep beating this dead horse, but I've stayed in touch with Penny. I think we both want everyone to stay friendly. You guys are both gone a lot. We need an extra husband around sometimes," she giggled. "Sorry, I guess that came out wrong. Thanks for fixing the gate." Her nipples were hardening a bit; I tried to keep my eyes away from them.

"Aren't you hot in those jeans? Do you want to go in for a swim? John has some trunks you could probably get into."

A few minutes later, we were in the pool - I put on a pair of white trunks that Taylor gave me, and she reappeared wearing a one-piece black suit - it covered a lot, but pushed up her breasts magnificently. We swam around a bit, and wound up sitting next to each other on the pool steps, drinking what was left of our beer, which had gotten a little flat and hot. "Hang on," she said, and I saw a vision of flat lycra-clad stomach and tanned bare thighs, shedding water as she got out of the pool and came back with more beer. As we clinked glasses again I looked down at her cleavage; her breasts with droplets of water beading up and sliding down that marvelous valley.

"It's okay to look," she laughed lightly.

"That obvious? Sorry."

"It's okay. I guess they're my best asset."

"I don't know about that," I said, trying to deflect the tension but getting myself swatted. She was laughing.

"Oh, really?"

"You - actually I guess I like your hair the best. When you're dressed up, that is."

"You're digging yourself a pretty deep hole, there, friend. No, really. Some girls give men a hard time for looking. But it's like a dog's nose being wet," she said, touching my nose for emphasis.

"I guess that's how we got in trouble the last time."

"But it was so much fun." She started kissing me; I resisted, but not very well. Her breasts brushed against my chest, and my hands began roaming all over her bare back.

Her hands, meanwhile, ventured lower. "Oops, did I do that?" she said, coyly, as she fondled my growing erection through the swimsuit. She turned around and stood in front of me in the water. "I'm sorry. Let me kiss it and make it better." And with that she pulled my (or rather, John's) trunks down and began to lick all around my cock while she cupped my balls in her hand.

It felt like heaven, of course, but the rawness of it all brought me back to reality. I pushed her away, and about the time I had the trunks back up she had half-way peeled out of her swimsuit, revealing those breasts in all their gravity-defying glory. The merest beginnings of tan lines, which only brought out their curves, and the small, dark nipples, hardened to points. I had to touch them. I pulled her to me, one hand on the small of her back and one palming a breast and nipple.

"We've got to stop this," I croaked. "Penny - "

" - isn't shopping. And John's not out of town," Taylor said, drawing me back in and dragging her breasts across my chest. I was half in a trance.

"What are you saying?"

"Your wife. My husband. In your bed."

"How?"

"That was the plan. When we went to lunch. I told John I'd provide a diversion. Besides, it's only fair."

"We were trying to get her pregnant."

"This will double her chances. At least. Meanwhile, or so I've gathered, sex with her has become about as much fun as a dry hump." By now Taylor had the trunks back down around my knees. "When's the last time you got one of these?" she asked, just before gathering my cock into her mouth.

I had to admit she had a point, and I was losing the moral high ground while the blood flowed into my shaft. So I leaned back and just let her blow me, and it was incredible. I felt something warm and smooth against my balls, and realized she had started to titty-fuck me while licking the tip. The sight of it sent me over the edge, and I came, shooting strands of semen in her face.

"How are you enjoying lunch so far?" she asked, leaning in to kiss me, smearing my own semen on my chin.

"I guess I can't complain," I said, trying not to think of how John might be stretching Penny out right now, and failing at that too. "except for wondering if Penny will still feel the same way about me. I caught sight of John, you know - he's huge."

"Men," Taylor said, stepping out of the rest of her swimsuit. "Relax a little while, then we'll see if John's stretched me all out of shape." Her idea of relaxation was to back up to me and rub her bare, wet, warm buttocks on my cock, and before long it was back at attention. She had left a towel by the side of the pool deck, and she pulled it over to rest her elbows and chest on it, pointing her ass skyward and wiggling it at me.

I got up and rubbed my cock on the cleft between her legs while I massaged her buttocks with my hands. "Oh, that feels fantastic," she sighed. "Which hole do you want?"

Her little tight puckered anus was tempting, but the slit below that was turning red, and shiny. I had to know how tight it was after John reamed it whenever he wanted. I pressed the head of my cock against her opening - she felt like a frightened virgin. I put my hand on the small of her back and felt her trembling. I leaned down and whispered in her ear "You're putting me on."

"Do you want to analyze me, or fuck me?" she said with a smile.

That was an easy decision. I raised back up and gripped her hips, inserting myself between her pussy lips. I'd come very quickly the last time I was here; it had been a release of tension that had built all week. This time I was wrestling with this temptation, almost literally with the way she was resisting my cock as it slid in an inch at a time. I was stroking the tip in and out, trying to force her back, but her toned legs kept pushing me away. The idea of John taking my wife like he had was both turning me on and making me angry.

"John had Penny sort of like this once," she said, as if she was reading my mind.

"Oh?"

"Not exactly. He was nailing her on the back of that leather couch in the family room. He bent her over like this. He took her so hard and fast that she said it felt like a baseball bat... uuh, you're hurting me."

"Sorry."

"It's not you, it's the concrete. Come over here," she said, pulling herself out of the pool and grabbing my hand. She was soon on all fours on the chaise lounge, and I was again trying to penetrate her tight hole fully. She started moaning, and I began to look around for nosy neighbors. None that I could see, but the idea that someone could be looking out from second story bedroom windows occurred to me.

"Do you have any nosy neighbors?" I grunted.

"Just one dirty old man two doors down," she sighed. "He won't tell anyone. What's he going to say? John and I fuck out here sometimes."

She had been resisting my thrusts all this time, pulling forward to disrupt my rhythm, but now she began to push back on me, burying me up to the hilt. I gripped her hips and she put a hand up between her legs, frigging herself and sometimes reaching back to stroke my balls.

After a while of this she turned onto her back. I put my cock back in her, deep, and pinned her down hard. Now we went at it like animals; I was trying to give it to her as hard as John had been giving it to Penny. She began to shriek and dig nails into my back. I was gasping like the first time when I started to come. I pulled out so I could spurt on her belly and tits.

"So has John stretched me out too badly?" she whispered, drawing me down to her. I lay on top of her in a sticky embrace.

"No."

"You've got to start giving it to her like that. Well, you'd better get cleaned up and go. Don't want Penny to get suspicious."

"She doesn't know?"

"John doesn't either, exactly. Oh, I told him if he took too long you might get a blow job, but I kept the details vague. Want to tell them?"

"I think it's better this way."

"It's going to be fun playing with you."