 My husband and I have been married several years and as I am sure any of you that are married can attest, sometimes sex can get boring. We have had tried some different things to spice it up and some have worked and some have not. 

Last summer I sucked and fucked the AC guy, who happened to a friend of Jimmy's from church, and it was HOTT. (I encourage you to read that one). The excitement from that experience carried me for a few months but then I wanted to have another. I found myself fantasizing about different older men that I'd meet. 

I discovered that I was a secret exhibitionist. I found myself wearing shorter skirts and I would slip on my sexiest panties, then I would go to one of the big malls in Dallas (we are in the suburbs) and watch for handsome older men that were about to get on the up escalator. I would rush past them so that I would be several steps up from them. I assumed that they were looking up my skirt and I would get wet thinking about it. Every mow and again I would spin around acting like I was looking at something across the mall and I would usually see the object of my fantasy turn away very quickly to avoid being caught. Lucky for me, my local mall has 4 sets of escalators, and several of the major stores have their own too.

I would typically go home after I had been lusted after for about an hour, and slip out of my clothes outside by the pool. I would position myself so that my husbands security camera would be sure to see me, I would use my favorite fingers and would rub my clitoris and slide my fingers along my very wet and smooth pussy. I can always tell when my husband actually caught my show for him, Because by the time he would get home from work, his cock would be rock hard and he would pound my pussy or shove his beautiful cock down my throat. His semen would just keep coming in a steady series of ejaculations. I love looking up into his eyes as I deep throat him and I can always tell when he is about to unleash the torrent of cum by the way his eyes narrow and his thick cock swells even more just before his climax. 

One day I decided to head over to the mall to put on one of my shows and this time I chose to not wear any panties at all. I went in to one of the lower level shoe stores to get some heels. I wanted to get at least 4" preferably 5" stilettos. I was going to need them for a formal Christmas dinner at Jimmy's company. It just so happened that they would accentuate my legs in the little backless black dress I was wearing at the mall too. I wanted every man in that place looking up my skirt that day. I groomed my pubes into a tight little V, which basically acted as an arrow to direct the men's gaze to my waiting vagina.

The shoe store was especially busy and although I was wanting a man to assist me with my shoes, so I could start the show early, the only available salesperson was a beautiful older woman around 40 years of age. Her name tag showed that her name was Lydia. My nerve was giving out. I didn't want the scorn that was sure to come my way when she saw my pussy on display. BUT, I was really horny and I wanted to get the new shoes. I selected 3 pair and during the fitting of the first pair she tried to discreetly inform me that my "private parts were visible". I apologized and tried to squeeze my legs together more tightly. She then mentioned that she was certain that my husband must love the design I shaved in. She said it looked very sexy and that her "husband would love that". I ended up buying two pair of shoes from her. I also collected her card.

On that day I didn't particularly care the age of the gentlemen that I was enticing in my game. The only rule I follow is that there cannot be any minors involved. I discovered that without panties, the men are less concerned about getting caught. Very few eyes were diverted away from my luscious pussy when I would turn to look at them. One older man, in his seventies actually looked up to my face and said, "well you clearly want me to look so I'll gladly oblige". I discreetly pulled up my skirt even more and he got a clear view of the V and told me that he "would sure love to lick that". I wanted to sit on his face and let him bury his tongue into my wet, warm hole. Instead I thanked him for his kind words and stepped off the escalator. By my estimate, at least 40 men saw up my skirt that day. I needed to get home and get naked quickly to resolve the sexual tension I was feeling.

As I was pulling out of the mall parking lot, my husband called me and informed me that he was heading to San Antonio and wouldn't be home until the next evening. That was the worst part about his new job. Occasionally he would have clients that needed him onsite.

I didn't want to go home and be alone with the TV all night. It was a Friday and I wanted to be around people. I chose to stay in this neighboring town because it had trendy bars and restaurants. I called a few of my friends to come meet me, but all had plans already. I don't usually mind going out alone when my husband is away, but with all of the sexual energy I had developed by exposing myself all afternoon and considering I haven't had the opportunity to release it. I was concerned that I would do something that I'd regret if I was alone. 

I decided to watch the new Ryan Reynolds movie to waste some time before I would make my way to a popular yuppy hangout in the Uptown area. I had good luck with getting my drinks provided in that particular restaurant's bar.

After the movie I decided to call Lydia, the shoe saleslady. I explained who I was and mentioned that I don't know anybody in that area, and asked her if she would like to join me. She seemed to jump at the opportunity. She asked if she could bring her husband, Robert, along since they were planning to go to dinner anyway. She mentioned that she wouldn't be able to get there until around 9 and asked if I would be ok if her husband met me there first so we could get a table. I agreed.

Shortly thereafter, Jimmy called to let me know that his trip was going to be delayed until the following week. I told him I already made plans, but that he should meet us for dinner. He explained that with the distance from work to home, then to Dallas, it would be around 10 before he could get there. I was excited to see him and we agreed he would come. 

Lydia described Robert perfectly and when he walked in I knew him immediately. I introduced myself and we made our way to the hostess. After about 10 minutes we were led to our table. The establishment was full of people standing around. As we made our way through the crowd, Robert twice placed his hand on my lower back to guide me. It was electric when he touched my bare skin. I was so happy that I had decided to wear the little black dress with the low cut back.

We ordered two whiskeys straight and spent the 30 minutes until Lydia showed up learning about each other. He works as an architect and described how early in his career he also had to travel to meet the needs of clients. He explained how Lydia always supported his career and that they are the happiest couple he knows. It was so comforting to hear him speak so well of his wife. He clearly loves her.

Lydia appeared and sat between us. She stated how happy she was that I had invited her out tonight. We ordered more drinks and dinner. It was lovely. Right after the food arrived, Jimmy joined us. He bought a round of drinks for the table and before we knew it they were announcing last call. The time had gotten away from us. Lydia suggested that we stay at their house since we had had so much to drink. After a short discussion we agreed. We called for a car and traveled the few miles to their amazing home.

Before we were shown to the guest room Robert made us all another drink and we sat in the family room for a while. They had two couches facing each other with a low table between. The ladies were on one couch and the men were on the other. We were all laughing and were quite intoxicated. Lydia asked Jimmy what he thought of my dress and the new shoes I was wearing. He obviously loved it. Then she asked him if he liked my V cut and he didn't know what she was referring to. She stood me up and lifted my dress to show both men the V cut into my pubes. I was shocked and thrilled. Both men laughed and stated how sexy it was. I was surprised that Jimmy wasn't pissed that Robert was looking at my bared pussy. 

Lydia then undid her zipper and lowered he conservative gray skirt to the floor. All of our eyes turned to her and she slowly slid her panties to the floor also. Her pussy had a thin landing strip cut in. She pulled me down onto the couch and firmly spread my legs. She reached over with both hands and gently opened my pussy lips so that our husbands could see my pink inner lips. I leaned back and watched as she deftly played with my clit and slid her fngers easily into my wet hole. I glanced over to the men and they were staring intently. She slid to the floor in front of me and leaned in until I could feel her warm breath on my wet pussy. She whispered that she had been thinking about my pussy ever since she saw it earlier in the store and that she wanted to taste it now. I have never had another woman touch my pussy, let alone taste it, before. 

Once she started, I closed my eyes and leaned back into the soft cushion. I was lost in the excitement of it. I felt my straps being lowered and then I felt strong hands on my titties. My eyes were still closed. A warm mouth covered my left nipple and began sucking and flicking my hard nipple with the tongue. I kept my eyes closed. I was the subject of desire for two of the people in the room and I didn't care which two. As my nipple was being sucked and my pussy was being tongue lashed, I felt the distinctive presence of a cock rubbing across my lips. I opened my mouth and took in the thickest penis I had ever felt. It was stretching the corners of my mouth and it was amazing. I opened my eyes and looked up to see Robert towering beside me with his cock on my mouth. 

It was wet with his precum and was amazingly salty. I glanced over to Jimmy and he was still sucking on my nipple but he was watching as Robert's thick cock slid in and out of my gaping mouth. I pushed Jimmy down to give Lydia some attention. I couldn't see but I could tell when his mouth found her pussy. Her pace quickened and her warm breath hastened as my loving husband pleasured her with his tongue.

Many positions were tried and perfected. Most of Robert's attention was on me, and most of Jimmy's was on Lydia. At times we were fucking separately and at times we were a mass of naked sweaty bodies. I ate my first pussy that night. I slurped it up. Lydias wetness was running down my face. Both men came in and on the others wife several times. We all passed out a few times from exhaustion, and would wake up with a cock or a pussy or a finger in every orifice. I had never experienced that degree of raw lust before. 

One especially memorable thing that I think back to often happened as Lydia and my husband Jimmy were laid out in a classic 69 with him on his back and her pussy lowered onto his face as she sucked his stout cock. I was resting and leaned up against the couch as Robert settled in behind her and guided his massive cock into her wet pussy. I was enthralled as Roberts balls slapped Jimmy in the forehead with each thrust. Lydia lifted her pelvis up to give Robert more access and I watched as Jimmy lay there with Robert's asshole and cock and balls literally inches from his face. To my surprise, Jimmy stayed there and didn't try to squirm away from it. At one point Robert withdrew too far and popped out. Jimmy reached up and grabbed Robert's cock and guided it back in. He kept his fingers wrapped around Rob's base and stroked it which each thrust. 

I couldn't believe that my husband was jerking off another man just inches from his face. During one thrust as Rob's balls settled over Jimmy's face Jimmy stuck his tongue out and licked the shaved testicle. Then Jimmy moved into position so that as the thick cock slid in and out of Lydias cunt his tongue slid along the shaft and into her hole too. I had to get in on this. I moved beside Rob and grabbed his cock and pulled him so that he would pop out of her again. Then I guided his tip down into Jimmy's open mouth. I pushed Lydia over so that she could watch too. I moved down so I could jerk my husband off while he gave his first blowjob. He face fucked my husband for about 3 minutes before I noticed that my Jimmy's cock was starting to swell as it does before ejaculation. I announced that he was about to cum. Robert fucked his face faster and held his head in place. As soon as Jimmy shot his load, Robert announced that he was cumming too. Both men came together but my sweet husband was the only one of the two that received a mouthful of hot sticky cum. Robert made him his bitch and my Jimmy loved it.