 Cock-ups are inevitable,
     never acceptable.
           - Except in porn!

My wife has never been very aggressive sexually. No, that's not quite what I mean. That might give the impression of violence and neither she nor I are into that.

What I mean; is that she never initiates sex.

I've spoken to her about it, but apart from when she's pissed, she never makes the first move. And we don't drink very often.

I once told her that making love to her sometimes felt like consensual rape. Again, not with the violence, but that she seemed to just go along with the idea. 

Without any initial enthusiasm. 

She would warm to idea, pretty soon, but for the first few moves, I sometimes felt her heart wasn't in it.

So this night we were watching this video. It was supposed to be hardcore porn, but it wasn't. It was some Swedish girls prancing about nude, with flashes of blond bush, and miraculous sex, with men with flaccid members.

We were sitting on the sofa. Or at least I was. She was lounging on it, with her feet on my lap, her heel giving my groin the occasional dig.

My boner had all but disappeared after the first few scenes, and I was seriously thinking of turning it off, when she removed her feet from my lap, and placed them on the settee. 

She was wearing a skirt, and with her feet under my bottom, when she opened her legs, I got an eyeful of her knickers. Not very erotic, but coupled with the blonde beauties on the screen enough to make my dick think twice about shrinking.

She said afterwards that thinking about what she was about to do, and watching the soft porn, had made her pussy wet. 

Normally she would have waited for me to make a move, but this night she moved her hand to her crotch, and started rubbing it with her fingers.

I didn't say anything, because this was all new and exciting. As far as I knew she had never touched herself like that before, always relying upon me to do it for her.

There were two girls on screen writhing about on a rug, giving me flashes of boobs and pubes, and out of the corner of my eye, I could see her tracing the gap of her cunt with her index finger.

I didn't want to disturb anything, so I continued watching the video, whilst devoting most of my attention to seeing what she was doing with my peripheral vision.

She was watching my face, rather than the screen, so she could see my eyes flickering to her, as she deliberately moved her hand up. Which forced her loose skirt to ride up to her waist, exposing a bit of belly, and insinuated her hand between the cotton of her panties and her skin.

I could see her hand moving, beneath the material; and from this point onwards my attention shifted from the video to the sofa.

She started to stroke herself, with long slow movements that threatened to expose her whole hand before it disappeared again into her knickers. By this time her legs were bent wide apart and I thought I could see as her fingers entered her cunt, but I wasn't sure.

Her other hand had loosened the buttons on her blouse and as is often the case she was not wearing a bra, and so her breasts were exposed. With one hand teasing her nipples, she raised her bottom, bent and reached down and pulled off her knickers.

Her next position was with one leg on the floor, and the other on the back of the sofa, legs stretched wide apart, and her cunt glistening with anticipation and welcome.

He hand started caressing it again, and I made a move towards her, but she uttered a single syllable, "NO." So I just sat and watched.

Her throat was getting red as she got more and more excited. My prick was straining in my trousers, and I was forced to straighten it. I wanted to get it out, and play with it, but I was scared that it would destroy whatever was going on, so I contented myself with a swift stroke.

She had two fingers inserted into her wet slit, to the middle knuckle, and she was moving them in and out, with great deliberation and obvious enjoyment. God, I was turned on.

She removed them and started teasing her clitoris, spreading her cunt lips wide, to show me the inviting spectacle, and fingering herself, and pinching and rubbing her clit.

I expected her to stop and give me a sign, and believe me, I was ready to jump on her, but she didn't. She continued stroking, and rubbing, and finger fucking as she became more and more worked up.

You know what it's like when you watch porn. It gets a bit samey, and you can feel yourself going off the boil. This wasn't like that. If anything the more excited she got the more excited I got.

And it seemed to go on forever. At one point I couldn't restrain myself, I had to take some kind of positive action. She was rubbing her hand vigorously over her clit, and so I tentatively reached out with my left hand, and inserted two fingers into her waiting, wet quim. They went in so smooth, and easy. I don't think I ever remember her cunt being so soft, wet or loose. I pulled out and re-inserted three, and started to languidly move them in and out.

She sighed at that, and made no move to stop me, so as her fingers speeded up, and her breathing became more ragged, so my hand also went faster and harder.

After a short space of time, she was thrusting herself onto my hand, and her arse was jumping off the sofa as she wanked herself and I finger-fucked her. She started making noises that signified that she was near her orgasm, and again I expected her to stop, so I could fuck her properly, but she didn't. She continued, until with a cry, she started jerking convulsively.

I felt something inside her, as she came. Not only did her vagina muscles contract and grip my fingers, but it seemed like warmth and moisture enveloped them inside her hole. She continued with red face and heavy breathing until she had exhausted her orgasm, and then she slowly lay her hands to her side, with a satisfied grin on her face. I removed my hand and started to turn, to get up, but she moved a leg from the floor, to my lap, and forced me to sit again.

We waited for what seemed like an eternity, until her breathing slowed from the ragged heights of excitement to normal. I was looking at her, and at the screen, and I could feel my erection loose none of its potency, which was very surprising. But the woman, sharing the sofa with me, was nothing like my wife, with her open legs, and open cunt, and I was more excited than I believed possible.

When she could breathe normally, she removed her leg from my lap, and twisted round and stood up. She walked round to face me, and then knelt on the floor between my legs. I watched her every move, fascinated. She ran her hands over my trouser front, feeling my hard prick beneath, before lowering her head. I felt her teeth, play with the zip of my fly, and I thought for a moment she was going to pull it down with her teeth. Instead she lowered her face, until her lips came in contact with the material, and blew hot air, through my trousers onto my prick.

She exhausted the air in her lungs, and she harshly breathed in. I don't know which felt better, the hot caress of her lips, or the sharp coldness of the intake of breath.

She blew out again, and I could feel my member straining against its confinement. I moved my hips upwards, but she pulled away and stood up.

Leaning down, she grasped my erection through my trousers and gave it a gentle tug. Not lengthways, like she was wanking me, but upwards. Obviously I couldn't move in that direction, but I got the idea that she wanted me to get up, and as I started to push myself up, she released my prick and started walking out of the room.

We went upstairs, leaving the lights on and the video playing, and as she preceded me up the stairs. She lifted her skirt, which had fallen back into place, up to around her waist. So I was inches away from her naked arse, as we went up to the bedroom.

I knew her wet cunt was waiting. It was an exquisite torture.

When we got to the bedroom, she started to take her clothes off, so I did the same. She was half-naked already, so she was nude first, but I was blocking her path to the bed, so she had to wait until I had finished. As she waited, and it wasn't for very long, she stroked her pussy hair. Which was more than enough to ensure that I didn't lose interest. As if that were possible!

When I had taken off the last of my clothes, I made to move to the head of the bed, but she reached out and restrained me, by grasping my bicep. I stopped, and she twisted me around, until she could lay me down across the bed. Then she manoeuvred me until my back was on the bed, with my arse on the edge, my balls hanging free, and my feet on the floor.

Then she turned herself around, and straddled me.

We have a wardrobe with a large mirror on the front, and I realised that the position she was in enabled her to see her cunt, and my prick. She reached down, and grasped my erect cock, and stroked it gently against her slit. I could feel that it was wet, and open. My vision was impaired by her body, but I didn't care, as she stroked my cock, up and down her moist opening.

I felt her raise herself, and position herself over my bell-end. She lowered herself slightly, until the tip was nudging her welcoming twat. I could see that she was concentrating on the view, afforded by the mirror, and keeping her position. She was almost rigid with anticipation, as she gently and slowly lowered herself further.

She watched my cock, sink slowly inside her, until the whole length of the shaft disappeared and she was resting on my body. Then she raised herself, again, with deliberation. I could hear her breathing becoming ragged, and I knew that this was turning her on. I must admit, that even though I couldn't see much, it wasn't doing a bad job on me either.

She started to move herself up and down, and when she had got her rhythm she took one hand and spread her cunt lips, so she could get a better view of my entry and movement. Then she started to manipulate and tease her small clitoris, until it was visible as a red bud, through her quim lips.

She started to move in a circular motion, as well as up and down. Stretching her open cunt, with my prick. And occasionally, she would allow my cock to leave her orifice, and slide against her wet cunt, before positioning me to re-enter her. At any minute I expected her to allow me to take the initiative again, and fuck her. But when I started to raise my hips, towards her, so that I could get deeper, and start a movement of my own, she half turned, and said "No."

Even her monosyllabic talking was incredibly sexy. And though I might be a bit of a control freak, her dominance and control was definitely having the desired effect. I don't think I had ever felt harder.

By now she was moving violently and forcibly, her arse was slapping against my balls on each downstroke, and on each upstroke, she was pausing for a fraction of a second, when only the tip of my cock was inside her. Her hand was moving faster on her clit, and her breathing was becoming increasingly heavy. She was gasping, as the first throes of her orgasm took her, but she didn't stop. She continued to ride me, bucking like a rodeo rider on an untamed stallion. 

I wanted to start thrusting, but when I did, she again turned, but this time she just glared at me, so I lay there passive. Or at least as passive as you could be, when a wet and tight cunt is rocking and rolling on your erect penis.

Eventually, she reached her peak, and as she did so, she made a loud sound of satisfaction and enjoyment. It wasn't a word. I don't think she was capable of speaking. It was a primeval scream.

She rode me, through the throes of her orgasm, until she was satisfied. Her hand moving on her clit. Her eyes intent upon the mirror. My prick going up and down in her cunt. Then she allowed herself to slow down. 

Her cunt was loose and wet, and though it had grasped me from within when she came, it now relaxed, and as my cock moved up and down inside her, it felt like it was travelling through very soft liquid. There was no resistance. But at the same time, there was enough friction, to keep me on the edge of my own orgasm.

When she stopped moving entirely. I was so disappointed. Not only did I want to come, but I needed to. My balls were aching, with anticipation, and frustration. But when I tried to move against her, she forced her body downwards, as a message to keep still.

It only took her a minute or two to recover but they were agony for me. I could feel her cunt around my shaft. I could feel her juices, leaking out of her and down to my balls. I lost a bit of my excitement, but not as much as I expected.

I waited patiently for her next move, and when it came, it was an abrupt shift of position. She raised herself off me and scooted over to the head of the bed, where she lay her head on the pillow, and looked at me.

I didn't need more of an invitation. I turned and jumped on the bed and on my knees positioned myself between her open legs. I started to move upwards to get aligned, so I could fuck her, but she reached out a hand, and held it against the top of my head and pushed down. I got the idea, and lowered my face to her waiting cunt. 

It was already wet and juicy, and I sucked and licked for all I was worth. I opened her vagina lips and exposed her little bud. With great care, I positioned my lips around it and sucked deeply, coaxing it from its resting-place. It was not large, but when I raised my head, I could see it clearly. More red, than pink, as it was engorged with blood, erupting from the folds of skin at the top of her slit. I gently held it with my teeth, and felt her squirm as I wiggled my teeth. Releasing the pressure I sucked and felt it slide inside my mouth. 

As I say it wasn't big, but at that moment it was sensitive. This was the point when she would normally stop me. She would allow herself to become sensitive, but then she would dislike the feeling. However today was different, she allowed herself to go with the flow, and my tongue lashed her clit, and I could feel the pressure mounting inside her.

Rubbing with my nose, to keep up the pressure on her clit, I stuck my tongue deep inside her cunt slit. I could taste her, and my mouth was full of her. I returned to sucking her clitoris, alternating my sucks, with flicks of my tongue, and inserted a finger inside her. I ran it around her lips, allowing her juices and my saliva to coat it, before putting it in. I felt around inside, trying to find her G spot. I withdrew the finger and put it back, but this time accompanied by another digit. 

My reach was deeper with two fingers, than with one, but I doubt I found the spot. However, she seemed to be enjoying it. 

I started to finger-fuck her, whilst at the same time, playing with her clit. She was starting to move wildly, and her gyrations coupled with my head and hand movements made my fingers start banging awkwardly against my face. So I withdrew my fingers and concentrated on bringing her off with my mouth. 

Then I started to play with her arse hole. Still giving her the most intense head, I had ever managed to do, I inserted a finger into her arsehole up to the first knuckle, and started to work it in and out. Her breathing became ragged. Noises erupted from her mouth. Her cunt made slurping noises. She was thrusting her hips into my face, in rhythm to my mouth moving on her cunt. And suddenly she was over the top.

She came again, as I continued to lick her twat and suck her clit. I couldn't keep my finger in her arse, so I pulled it out. I continued until she was almost sobbing, and her juices were leaking from her, like water from a colander. I lapped them up as fast as they emerged, but it was an almost impossible task. All around my mouth, my face was wet with her juices, mixed with my saliva. Eventually when I felt that she had reached her peak, I stopped my mouth, and rose up.

I was on my knees between her legs. With my erect prick facing her. I looked at her flushed face and she spread her legs wider and raised her hips. 

I thrust my prick deep inside her, but she moved her legs up to encircle my waist before I could start moving. And then she moved them further up, until they were resting on my shoulders. At the same time, she somehow pulled me towards her with her legs, so I had to move forwards to keep inside her. Which meant I had to rise up, and I ended up, with her, almost resting on her shoulders, and me, poised above her, almost vertically.

I started to pump. There was no finesse; my need was too great. I knew that it wouldn't take long. 

In this position, I could see her eyes and the half grin on her face as I fucked her hard, with long deep strokes. She could see my prick thrusting in and out of her. She could glimpse my balls, as they slapped her arse. She could see the panic in my eyes, as I grew closer and closer to the point of no return.

I could no longer look down; I had to face the wall, as my orgasm started to overwhelm me. My mouth was open and I was moving like a man possessed. I was grunting like a beast. 

When suddenly she flexed her thigh muscles and twisted and I popped out of her. Her legs moved down, until they rested on the bed, and I was left high and not very dry, with my erect, and as yet unsatisfied prick, pointing outwards.

She reached up, and grabbed it, and started to pull me down. Her mouth opened and I almost lost it, at the thought that she was going to take me in her mouth. I had sunk down, and even though she stretched her neck she couldn't reach me with her mouth, and so I started edging up her body with my knees. But when I reached her tits, she leant her head back, and smiled, and started to move her hand, up and down my length.

I felt cheated, but at the same time elated. I might not be going to come in her mouth, but I was going to ejaculate over her. And as she wanked me off, her hand sliding easily over my well-lubricated prick, it didn't take long before I came.

And I spurted.

A globule of my cum flew through the air and travelled the few inches to her chin. Another landed on her neck, but the majority fell onto her tits. She continued to move her hand, draining the last drops from my prick, until finally there was a long teardrop of cum, running from my prick over her hand, nearly reaching her body.

I thought she was finished but I was wrong. 

She pulled her hand lower. And as she had her fingers around my shaft, I had to follow. She spread my cum from the back of her hand onto her tits. Where her hand went, I had to follow, and my arse and balls were rubbing her cum-soaked body, and then she dragged me closer to her mouth. I slid over her white speckled tits, until I was almost sitting on her neck.

And then she opened her mouth, and took me in.

She started to suck the residue of my cum. Without moving her head, she sucked hard, and from the depths of my balls I felt my spunk rising and entering her mouth. I could feel her mouth moving as she swallowed and lubricated, and then she started to move her head, as well as sucking, and teasing me with her tongue.

I expected to start shrinking. I had come, and I needed time to rest and recover, but my libido had other ideas. I may have lost a bit of hardness after I came, but under her oral ministrations, I soon recovered what I had lost, and then some.

Soon, her head was moving in and out, down the length of my shaft. I could feel my prick enveloped by her warmth, and grazing against the roof of her mouth. Without volition on my part, I started to thrust and face-fuck her, and she allowed it for a few beats. I could feel her tongue beneath my prick as I attempted to shove my length down her throat. She gagged slightly, but continued to suck. Soon we had a rhythm going, and I knew that my second orgasm wouldn't be long. But she seemed to realise that too, and her hand moved to push me away, as her mouth escaped my rampant cock.
