 Hi there, I love writing these stories and I hope you will have good time reading them. You know the content material already if you are well versed with my previous stories. If it is not of your taste, please keep off. I would certainly love some feedback, but not spite. This goes without saying that all these stories are work of fiction and doesn't resemble any one or any event. Hope you will have a good time with this installment of mine. Thank you.

*****

The receptionist in the hotel lobby did a double take at the lady who had just entered the foyer. She was absolutely ravishing; she was wearing a simple short sleeved blouse with a normal cotton sari with minimal make up. But her delicate facial features with that astounding rack, cinched in waist and absolutely exotic rump made him quiver at his core. His masculine core. His cock hardened and before he knew he was slobbering with a dribble slipping the corner of his mouth.

He soon remembered his professional demeanor as he smiled a polite smile.

'How can I help you ma'm?'

Sukanya smiled a very pretty smile which showed her good nature and best of persona.

'Hmm, there is Mr. Ranjith waiting for me, can you tell me the room number?'

Ajay wasn't born yesterday. He had been the receptionist since one year and he was aware that a lady calling on somebody at the hotel isn't something out of the normal. This was generally equivalent with call girls. But he was completely against the idea that the middle aged woman standing before him was a prostitute. She looked that goddess of housewife, whom you wouldn't have another thought but worshipping.

He ran through his register, 'yes, ma'm. Room number 411.'

'Thank you' was all she said, before she departed leaving him to watch her natural swaying of her ass.

But Ajay was a little jealous. The guy, that lucky guy. He had seen Ranjith earlier in the morning, when he checked in. he was a handsome man too. Robust, well built, strong, tall, athletic with that forceful nature of a typical alpha male. The modern driving man of civilization. 

The guard at the door was beside him in an instant, as a customer in his hurry shoved the jar on a table onto the floor in the reception hall. When the constituents were restored, Bheema heard the sigh from the young Ajay. He noticed that the young lad's eyes were fixated on the lady's ass.

'Some woman, sir' he noticed.

Ajay was friendly with the underlings and the old man, Bheema, naturally garnered respect with his twenty year association at the hotel.

'Yeah, Bheema. Very beautiful woman. This Ranjith must be some lucky guy. Or is she...'

Bheema shook his head at the lingering question in the air, 'I don't think so, sir. She is a virtuous lady that is for sure. Look at the way she carries herself. I have been long in the business to know them. She was very considerate with everyone she had interacted from the moment; she got off from the auto rickshaw. She is a one in a million lady.'

'Then what is brewing between them, Bhayya.'

'I don't know, sir. But the man is lucky, whoever he is. He has the fortune of spending some time with her, be it be in intimate or professional manner.'

The old man sighed. He recalled the way, she had helped an old man stand up, after he was pushed off by the pavement throng, a few minutes ago. She helped the man to his feet, put the spectacles on his nose and gave the walking stick into his hand, all the while giving that one million dollar smile. Very genuinely beautiful lady from inside, too. Hard to come by, these days.

Ranjith opened the door on the third knock and smiled at the knocker. He took a moment to examine Sukanya, from head to toe. As she walked in, he closed the door behind her. His eyes lingered on her wonderful ass and on her oomph ridden shoulders. His hand reflexively went on the rump of her ass, as she sighed. Such a divine feeling, he smiled. His erection was already throbbing. Similar feeling started in the core of Sukanya.

But she tried to examine her surroundings, trying to ignore his hand, 'hmm, luxury suite.'

She couldn't help admire at the way Ranjith lived. Royalty oozed from him. It was already a very expensive five star hotel and his suite would cost nothing less than an arm and a limb.

'It pales before you, my beauty.' Ranjith pulled her for a hug. 'My god! I really miss this body.'

Just the feeling of having Sukanya in his arms had made his pants cramped for his cock. Sukanya too felt that wonderful exuberant feeling of being in this hunk's arms. He was a stud with his masculine personality and his debonair nature. He pulled her for a kiss, which she was too ready to return. He kissed her with a lot of that jungle feeling, with that raw passion of the bodies. Sukanya accepted his ministrations of the tongue as her own tongue was being aggressively mauled by his. She sighed as he pressed her chest on his broad one. He felt those jugs of her 36 C breasts. 

'My God, babe, who are you? Why have you captivated me like this?'

Sukanya giggled at his honest compliments. Her waist was in his arms as he gazed into her eyes, briefly his eyes danced over her cleavage behind that sheer saree. Though, overall her dress was modest, behind that gauzy printed floral designs of her cotton sari, her décolletage was bewitching. He couldn't help but push his clothed erection over her mound.

'Uunnnggg,' Sukanya sighed, resting her head on his shoulder, while he pecked on her cheeks.

'When are you going back?' she asked him.

'Tomorrow.'

'Hmmm'

'Is that the sigh of disappointment?,' his eyes smiled with naughtiness, as she looked back at him saucily with all the bedroom secrets.

'I don't know,' she replied. Her shyness increased her beauty many times over.

'We have time, I guess,' he asked her.

'May be, we have,' she giggled at his hoping hope for a long session.

'I told Ramesh that I maybe a little late. You know our thing about Sunitha.'

Ranjith smiled. They had this routine of Sunitha during their meetings. Sunitha was the excuse every time she came out to meet him.

'Don't tell me whoever this Sunitha is, she knows about us.'

'Of course, not. I told Sunitha about my passion with sarees and how one of my friends had this collection at her home. And I told her Ramesh was mad when I waste my time regarding sarees. I am really an addict regarding that. She thinks Ramesh hates me spending my time chatting up with my friend with wardrobe related things and as I love to go to her every once in a while, can she cover for me. She laughed and said yes.'

Ranjith spread out his hands on her wonderful ass as he pinched one globe, while kissing her, 'nice thinking, lady. Anyway, let us have our dinner brought to our room, is that okay?'

'Sure, but Ranjith, I don't like this hotel setups. Doesn't look good for me.'

Ranjith nodded his head, 'I am really sorry, babe. I would be more selective of our venues, don't worry about that, all right. Now, get those reddish rosy lips around your favorite toy.'

She smiled at his reference of his organ and slapped on his chest. He kissed again on those heavenly lips and pushed her down onto her knees, as she slowly but eagerly slid onto the ground. Looking into his eyes, she unbuckled his pants and yanked them with his shorts down to his knees.

His nine inch prick stood up like a scimitar bobbing up and down with excitement. Sukanya noted within the blink of an eye that her panties were getting soaked by oozing secretions from her pussy. It wasn't far fetching to say she was the fan of his organ. She dreamt of it in wintry nights and in solitude. She had had good times with this pecker since the last five years. Her husband's cock was very moderate in size around six inches. And Ramesh didn't put it to such a good use as did Ranjith. She smiled in anticipation of the rest of the night.

She looked into his eyes as she took hold of his bobbing cock and slowly ran her hand up and down in a jacking motion. The best thing about sex with Ranjith was that both of them shared some very erotic understanding in the way they eyed each other and behaved with each other's bodies.

Every time she looked into his eyes, she felt as though he was raping her, violating her with his eyes. He made her nipples tingle and her pussy to contract with the way he stared at her. She just couldn't help the feeling of helplessness around him. It was a very good type of helplessness, a very sensual type.

'How is my cock, Su?'

She giggled at his words. He wanted her to describe his manliness. He wanted her to become submissive to his desires and also to her own desires. He had this habit of making her plaudit on his prick. It was his very pride possession. And he must be proud of it, she felt so, too.

She kissed the tip of his cock with her sensual lips all the time looking into his eyes, submitting to him. She liked to submit to him. She craved for it, almost. It was true that he had been after her since the time she first met her in her own office at the hospital. He pursued her, followed her and even stalked her. He was the most persuasive till he got her into his bed. But once she was there, he didn't even make an effort to continue his pursuit. Once she got a taste of his cock, she came back to him whenever he called her.

Every time they met, it developed into an addiction. She didn't know that sex could be so bewitching, so addictive. Ramesh was such a nice gentleman, but alas he didn't have that talent in the bed, as her seasonal lover had. 

She licked the pee hole of his cock, as she looked into his eyes, lustily. She ran her tongue over his organ, all along its length, relishing in the musty flavor of it. It reeked of masculine scent and she reveled in it.

Ranjith was leaning on the table as he felt that heavenly tongue over his cock. He felt the velvety touch of Sukanya very stimulating. His cock was throbbing in her dainty hand and he emitted the sigh of pure satisfaction.

'Tell me, Su, did you miss my cock? Did you ponder over it in its absence? Did you crave for its touch, the moment you stepped into this hotel?'

Sukanya felt very shameful answering to these questions; it was like admitting to her sins. She tried to distract him with her tongue as she lavishly spent her spit over his cock, anointing it in a much disciplined manner. She started sucking the side of his cock, while she played with his balls all the time.

Her pallu had slid off her shoulders and Ranjith was granted the view to her cleavage, which was partially visible till now. Her blouse encased udders had that delicate touch of feminity, which he was looking forward to all these months. The sex life with his wife was almost non-existent as she wasn't an angel like the beauty on the knees. Nor was she a sprightly bird. A couple of pregnancies were just a ticket for his wife to withdraw from the duties in their bedroom. She was a dutiful lady, but more oriented towards the family than her husband's craving interests. Ranjith gave whatever the family asked of him, love, wealth and what not. But he understood that for his pleasure, he should look outside. He had many affairs with many other ladies, but with Sukanya, it wasn't the same.

He relished on the ministrations of the housewife, as he slowly moaned and asked again, 'answer me, bitch?' he withdrew his cock from the lady's mouth and got hold of her strong wavy hair which was in a braid. He held his cock in the right hand while he held the housewife in his left hand as he said, 'you won't get a taste of your favorite toy, if you don't answer my questions. Tell me.' He pulled her hair as she winced in pain.

He released his cock from his hand and pressed her udders sensuously running his insistent fingers over the nubs of her nipples, as she moaned in happiness. She liked his hands over her body, his controlling and manipulating grabs over her sensitive skin. But most of all, she wanted that cock in her mouth.

'Yes, I missed your cock, Ranjith.'

'And?'

'I missed it all the time. I have been craving and lusting for it. Don't make me beg anymore.'

He smiled, 'this is not begging, baby. But I will make you; I will make you crave for it with your life. Tell me, what do you want?'

She shook her head in frustration, 'please, don't make me say all these things.'

He granted his cock to her again as she eagerly took hold of his nine incher and started sucking it with earnestness. He couldn't put it past her that he too desired her mouth more than anything. He didn't want to give her that satisfaction. He liked the way she eagerly went over his organ as she jacked and got involved in the blowjob she was giving. 

He pulled her away as he held her hair and said, 'tell me, baby. Tell me, how you craved for it.'

'Oh, Ranjith, please...'

'Just tell me and you will have your toy, you will have it to fuck your own mouth.'

His words made a fresh lease of juices pour from her core of womanhood. She couldn't take it anymore.

'I love it, Ranjith. I love your cock. I am mad about it. I have been thinking of coming to you and getting fucked by you, whenever I could get over my spare time. It is not a lie when I tell you that I am dreaming about it in the nights with my husband sleeping next to me. I masturbate when I wake up from those dreams. I rub my pussy with the thought of you. These days, this prick of yours is the cause of daydreams, with me getting lost even while I am speaking with someone else. I have even utilized the washroom at work to relieve myself thinking of it. Is it enough or shall I say more?'

Ranjith smiled at the plight of this unsatisfied housewife. He ran his finger over her ruby red lips as he took his excited cock again to that altar of its worship. She looked into his eyes as she resumed the blowjob, she so desired to give.

'You know what the funny thing about you?'

She looked into his eyes in question not detaching the sucking mouth from the monster of his cock.

'You love your dessert before your dinner.'

She smiled through her work as she pulled on his organ. The sight of her clad in her saree and her half exposed magnificent breasts with her narrow waist fuelled the lust in his eyes like never before. He gave into the goddess fully as he threw his head back in a sigh.

Lavi smiled as she sat behind her lover on his bike. She made sure that her chest was graciously applied to her lover's back, though it had three layers of clothing between them. Ravi felt a bit of contentment at having met his need, for which he was craving since the last few months. But what he felt on the other hand was that he wanted more of his lover. Her body will get more addictive to him in the coming days; he was still to become aware of this fact.

While, he dropped her at the bus stop, he wanted to pull this beautiful babe and kiss her, but the surrounding people prevented him. Lavi smiled her innocent smile looking into his eyes. Her eyes spoke of devotion and he felt very guilty if he had forced her into something she didn't like. But as she turned and got on the bus destined to her home, he had to just sigh and let go. He couldn't wait for the next time.

She arrived at her home to find her kid brother busy with the playstation. It was nine and her mother wasn't there. Keertan, her brother, irritatingly told her that their mom went to Sunitha aunty's home for something, which he didn't care and that she stop wasting her time trying to distract him from his game. Lavi smilingly sighed at her brother's twenty four seven chore. She made some curry of her own invention for dinner as her father arrived at nine thirty. He told her that her mother would be late and they better have their dinner.

As she sat before the telly, after dinner, with her father going over the day's events in the news, she chatted with Ravi on some social messenger application regarding their courtship. She was becoming more enamored of him and really liked him so much. It was a nice feeling, this love, she thought. She hadn't been happier ever. 

Ravi rang to her number and she excused herself to her bedroom. They chatted like the lovebirds, they were. Excited, chirping, laughing and sharing their feelings. Ravi spoke of his future and how to plan hers. She listened to his wise words. She wanted to share this evolving friendship with her mom. She thought of speaking to Sukanya regarding Ravi. The thought of her mother, made her politely hang up on the call. She dialed her mother, who always answered promptly to her daughter.

'Hey sweetie,' her mom's sweet voice came up. But Lavi noted a little panting on the other's part.

'Hi, mom. Are you running?'

'No Lavi, why would I run? Did you have your dinner?'

'Yeah, mom. We all did. When are you coming? It's already near eleven.'

'Didn't your father say it to you? I would be a little late. May be after midnight. Don't wait for me and go to sleep. Sunitha will go back early morning tomorrow and she has some chores for me to do.'

She panted again, as Lavi said, 'are you lifting something, mom? You sound as though you are working hard.'

'Hhhhmmmm, yes, Lavi. I am a little busy as of now. Go to sleep early, we will talk in the morning, baby.'

'Bye, mom.'

Lavi hung up. Mom was busy. She was always busy whenever she goes to Sunitha aunt's home. They were best friends since college. She visited Hyderabad during summers. Her short visits were many. Her mother went to her every time. Lavi liked the way Sukanya looked forward to visiting her friend. She was friends with Rithika too, but not on par with her mother and Sunitha. These types of friendships were hard to come by these days. She went back to call her boyfriend.

After disconnecting her daughter's call, Sukanya moaned openly as she felt the talented fingers of Ranjith ripping through her pussy. He was sucking on her nipples as she was in total surrender to him. Ranjith liked this beautiful housewife's body more, every extra second he spent with it. Her moans were flavor to her already bewitching, sensuous and flaming figure. She was lying on the bed on her back. Her five foot five inch frame was like a sculpture of beauty for him to taste and exploit. She was his for whole of the night.

She had already blown him once before dinner. But still he felt had so much in his loins to give. She was such a subservient bitch whole throughout the blow job doing whatever he was directing her to do. She rubbed his cock all over her face, relishing in the touch of it. As Ranjith pinched her nipples, she gave her dutiful moans. She asked him if he wanted her to get out of her clothes. But, Ranjith declined. He wanted the specials to be only after dinner. After a twenty minute proper sucking, she felt his cock throbbing with his seed. He soon came hard. He made her take every bit of seed into her mouth, which she did while swallowing the delicious cum. She took hold of most of it in her mouth as Ranjith noticed her swirling tongue and jism around his cock.

During that episode, he taunted her, 'you like my seed, baby.'

She looked into his eyes with lust. She was desperate to have her own orgasms. There were mini orgasms running through her just by her lover's touch on her head, neck and her clothed rack. But she wanted proper mating.

'Tell me, my sweet mouthed babe, do you like my juice?'

She nodded at him in faithful subservience. Nothing mattered to her than pleasing her lover.

'Then show me my sperm like the dutiful cunt you are,' he teased her as he was fully spent from his orgasm. His words hit her squarely inside her core of womanhood.

She obliged him by opening her mouth and showing her lover's cream full to the lips.

He liked this posture of the housewife. He pinched her nipples as he ordered, 'now swallow my seed like the pitiful whore you are. A slutty bitch like you should adapt to the taste of her man. Don't you agree?'
