 This chapter has taken a very long time to prepare. To better follow the story line, I suggest that you read (or re-read) at least Chapter 11 of the series "Away at College". I would like to thank a number of readers of the series who have recently encouraged me to publish is part chapter. I promise that the rest of the Chapter and the final Chapter will be published far sooner than this Chapter was published. lol Barb 

***** 

Chapter 12 - Thanksgiving Break 

By noon on the Wednesday before Thanksgiving the dorm was nearly empty and by Wednesday evening Smith only had three girls remaining. Although my college has a four-day break for the Thanksgiving holiday, the college allows anyone that wants/needs to, to stay in their room. However, they do not provide any meal service from Wednesday noon until Monday morning. 

Because home was over 900 miles away, I knew that the only way I could make the round trip and still have any time at home was to fly. Unfortunately, my scholarships did not leave enough money for me to make the trip. While both my roommate, Julie, and my best friend, Sandy, invited me to go home with them, I decided to stay in the dorm so that I could finish my political science paper that was due during exam week. I wanted to get it out of the way so that I could concentrate on studying for my final exams. 

After Julie left early Wednesday afternoon, I sat down at my computer and after checking my e-mail opened the outline for my political science paper. I set up my file for the paper itself and began to compose the first draft. I worked steadily for two hours, permitting myself only one break to go to the refrigerator for a straight Diet Coke. By 5:00 I had written seven pages which I saved for a final time. With the cafeteria closed, I decided to walk the four blocks to the nearest fast food restaurant to get some dinner. Because it was cold outside, I decided to change into a pair of jeans and a sweatshirt from the cut-offs and tee shirt I was wearing. 

I ordered a salad, onion rings and a Coke, paid for them and walked over and sat down in a booth. As I was eating my salad, Jay from the Gamma Delta Iota house, strolled up and said, "Hi, Jenny. You staying on campus for the week-end?" 

Looking up, I replied, "Oh, hi, Jay. Yep, I'm here for the holiday. Anybody over at the house this week-end?" 

Jay stood over me as he replied, "There are a couple of us staying at the house. We're going watch some football, drink some beer and just hang out. You're welcome to come over if you want." 

"I've got my poli sci paper to finish. I don't want that weight over my head with finals coming up." 

Looking me over, Jay continued, "That's OK. If you want to take a study break anytime over the break, the invitation stands. We would be more than happy to have our favorite freshman over for even a couple of hours." With that Jay gave me a knowing look and sauntered out of the restaurant. 

I finished my onion rings, cleaned up my table and ambled out the door. Returning to my room, I kicked my shoes off and slipped out of my jeans before sitting down at my computer to resume writing my first draft. Five hours, two Diet Coke breaks and a potty trip saw the first draft ready to be saved on my hard drive for the last time. 

Looking at my clock, I noticed that it was almost 11:30 so I decided to fix myself a screwdriver for a nightcap and watch Nightline. While I was up fixing my drink, I snapped the lock on the door and changed into my nightie before turning the television on and snuggling under the covers. 

I did not wake up until 10:30 on Thanksgiving. Stretching, I threw the covers back and swung my legs out of bed. Looking over at my desk, I decided to put on something comfortable for working in the room. Wandering over to the sink, I washed my face and brushed my teeth before stopping at the dresser to pick out my clothes for the day, a cut-off tee shirt and running shorts. Settling down in front of my computer, I began rewriting my poli sci paper. I worked on it steadily all day breaking only to fix myself a cup of soup for Thanksgiving dinner and to make or receive three phone calls. 

Shortly before noon my roommate, Julie, called from her home to check in with me. After the usual pleasantries she continued, "My sister got me into a club last night and I met a couple of guys. They invited us over to their apartment and they showed us a good time." 

"Us? Your sister went too?" 

"Hell, yes. She is more of a party animal than I am," Julie responded. 

"Roomie, I have never thought of you as a party animal. The only guy you seem to go out with is Bob." 

"I guess I've done a good job of keeping things quiet. Since my family doesn't know anything about it, I'll tell you when I see you. Anyway, Ron and Bill are going to have one hell of a party tomorrow night and I thought you might like a study break." 

"Thanks, Julie, but no thanks. I don't have a way to get down..." 

Julie interjected, "I'll drive up and pick you up..." 

"...Thanks for the offer, but I've been invited to the Gamma Delt house. I'll probably go if I get my poli sci paper done." 

"Oh, you and that f'ing paper. I've never known a girl as conflicted as you, Jen. Most studious types don't sleep with every guy they meet and the party girls I know figure that their ass is their ticket to a decent grade." 

Indignantly I shot back, "I've only slept with one guy and that was Bruce when you made me." 

"OK - OK," Julie sighed then added sarcastically, "so you don't sleep with them, you only fuck their cocks off." 

"I was going to ask you if you wanted to come back and go with me to the Gamma Delt house Friday night, but it sounds like you're otherwise occupied." 

"Thanks for thinking of me, but I will see you on Sunday. Take care." 

Just before hanging up, I added, "See you Sunday." 

After a repeat of Wednesday night, I got up early on Friday morning and I put the finishing touches on the paper before noon. Shutting down my computer, I stood up, stretched and wandered into the bathroom to take a pee and a shower. As I sat on the potty emptying my bladder I pulled my tee shirt over my head exposing my mammaries to the air. As I stood up I reached into the shower and turned it on. Stepping out of my panties I got into the shower and stood under the spray for several minutes contemplating what I should do. After shampooing my hair, I shaved the accumulated stubble from my legs and pits and trimmed my bikini line. 

Turning the spray off and stepping out of the shower, I toweled my body off. Once I was back in my room, I stood in front of the full length mirror and surveyed my body. In spite of the partying that I had done, my waist and hips maintained their shape and my nipples protruded naturally from my dark areolas that sat high on my boobs. It was also obvious that my brunette mane was natural although I shaved my mound more closely now than I did when I first arrived on campus. 

Reaching into my dresser drawer, I selected my pair of red bikinis and stepped into them covering my trimmed triangle. Before walking over to the phone to call Jay, I grabbed the matching bra and tucked my boobs into it. As I dialed the Gamma Delt house I wondered if Jay would still want me to come over to the house. When the phone answered, I recognized Jay's voice and said, "Hi Jay. Is the invitation still open?" 

"Jenny?" came the reply. 

"It's me." 

"For the hottest freshman at this college the house is always open. Did you get your paper done?" 

"Yeah. I finished the damn thing about a half hour ago. I can be over in a twenty to thirty minutes." I answered. 

Jay cooed, "Any time you can make it, we will be waiting for you." 

I smiled at this response as I said, "I'll see you in a little while," and hung up the phone. I pulled a white top over my head and stepped into my red mini. Stepping into a pair of 3 inch heels, I went over to the sink and brushed out my hair, brushed my teeth and gargled. Grabbing my coat and shoving a handful of condoms into my clutch I headed out the door. 

Arriving at the Gamma Delt house fifteen minutes later, I rang the doorbell after I found out the door was locked. When Jay saw me, he smiled and said, "Hi, sexy. Glad to see you could make it." 

Giving him a kiss on the lips as he cupped my ass, I replied, "And it is good to see you, sweetie. I'm glad the paper is done." Walking into the house I started to unzip my coat. "Where to you want me to hang my jacket? Hall closet or your room?"  

"Hey, Donnie, the babe's here." He hollered, and then turning to me, he replied, "Oh, you can hang it in the closet. We're watching a game in the basement." With that Jay guided me downstairs to the Game Room. Part way down the stairs, he leaned down and whispered in my ear, "You are one hot broad; you look good enough to eat right now." 

As I wandered over to the couch where Don was sitting in gym shorts and a tee shirt with a beer in his hand, he looked over at me and mumbled, "Hi, you want a beer?" 

I must have nodded my head because Don yelled over to Jay, "Get the broad a beer," and then added, "Come over here a sit next to Donnie," while patting the couch. I sauntered over and stood in front of Don as Jay handed me a beer. Bending over I nibbled on his ear while giving him a view of my cleavage. 

Taking two long gulps from the bottle, I inquired, "Anyone else in the house?" 

Jay answered, "Just the three of us; although Chris might be back later this afternoon..." Taking another swig of beer I was glad that I had brought my purse downstairs with me. Jay continued, "... and a couple of guys might be back either later this evening or in the morning." 

Finishing my beer I looked at Jay and then at Don and smiled as I cooed, "Anyone up for a good time? I haven't had a cock for almost a week." Don just looked at me as he ran his hands up my legs under my skirt. 

Jay sat down on the couch next to Don and smiled. I looked both of the guys in the eyes, continued smiling, and cooed, "See something you like guys?" 

"Yeah! Take it off broad," Don ordered. 

"Here?" I mumbled. "I thought we would go up to one of the bedrooms." 

"Bitch, then how can we watch the game?" came the sarcastic reply out of Don's mouth. At the same time, his hands eased across the front of my thighs and rubbed the front of my panties. 

Looking to buy some time, I looked at Jay and mouthed, "How about another beer?" Then eyeing Don I cooed, "Let's get warmed up sweetie..." 

"That's more like it, babe! I'll take another one too buddy." With that Jay got up and got another round of beers, while I began to sway between Don's legs. I cupped my boobs and smiled at Don causing him to grin back at me never taking his eyes off my bust or his hands off my panties. 

I quickly chugged my new beer which gave me a rush and relaxed me. Setting the bottle down on the floor, I grabbed the hem of my top and pulled it over my head exposing my bra encased boobs to the two guys. Continuing to sway as Don's hands slipped around to my ass, I stage whispered, "Like?" 

Reaching behind my back, I unclipped the bra and let my boobs rest in the bra cups that were supported by the straps on my shoulders. Looking down at Don it was obvious that he appreciated the unfolding show in front of him, but I could also make out that Jay was enjoying my antics also even though his manhood was covered with blue denim. I continued to sway and my right boob popped out of its cup eliciting a "nice tit" from Don. Letting my bra fall down my arms, I bent over Don and encouraged him to suck my hardening nipples. "That's it, sweetie, suck my tits," as he took one of them between his lips. As I leaned over, I let my right hand drop into Don's lap and trace the outline of his already hard cock cooing, "My, my! What do we have here? Something for Jenny to play with?" 

Tossing my bra onto the floor, I wiggled over to Jay and planted a kiss on his lips. "God, you're hot, Jen," Jay exhaled as I shook my tits in his face. His hands grabbed my ass checks while his tongue snaked out to lick the ends of my swaying orbs. 

I moaned, "Yeeeessss, sweeeeetieeee," as his flicked his tongue across my tightening nubs. At the same time his hands found the zipper to my skirt and unzipped it. It promptly dropped around my feet leaving me in my red bikini with a small stain on the front and my heels. As I traced Jay's manhood through his jeans, I whispered in his ear, "Think you know how to use this?" 

Flicking his tongue in my ear he replied, "Want me to show you? Just sit that tight cunt of yours on my dick and you'll remember what a real cock feels like." 

"I'd love to sweetie and I will. But first, I promised Stud over there that I would do him." With that I stepped out from between Jay's legs and back between Don's spread thighs. Squatting down on my haunches, I grabbed the waist band of Don's gym shorts and as he raised his butt off the sofa, I pulled them down to his ankles allowing his cock jumped up. I just stared at it for a couple of moments and then groaned, "Sweetie that's big Donnie." Licking my lips I added, "I've never done anyone that big. I'm not sure that you'll fit in me." 

With that I stood up and pulled my bikinis down before easing my finger into my gash. Sliding my finger tip the length of my slit, I wetted it and then smeared my fluids on my right areola and then repeated the action for its twin. "Maybe I should take care of Jay first, sweetie?" 

As I stood fingering myself in front of Don, he took another swig from his beer bottle replying, "Nice rack girl - Jay here tells me you have a tight cunt. You want Donnie to stretch it out?" 

Reaching into my purse I grabbed a condom package before stepping in front of Jay ripping the package open and rolling the condom on Jay's erect cock. Straddling Jay's legs I thrust my chest forward toward his mouth, grasp his erection and guided into my slit. "Sweetie, suck my pussy juice off my tits." After a couple of strokes between my lower lips I slowly eased his pleasure tool partway into my hole as he sucked my right mammary into his mouth. "Oh shit, sweetie, your cock feels sooo good in Jenny's pus... That's it - suck my tit." As I continued to sink slowly on his pole I moaned, "That's it sweetie." When I felt his tip hit my cervix, I began easing his pole out of my clutching pussy. 

It did not take us long to establish a rhythm and he slipped his hands under my ass and squeezed them in an effort of control the pace. With my tits jiggling against his chest I continued to ride his cock for several minutes until he grabbed my hips and held me on my down stroke. I felt Jay's cock expand against my pussy walls and then I felt the cum surge through his tube into the tip of the condom. I gently kissed his throat and murmured, "Yesss, sweetie, cum hard for Jenny." 

When his cock stopped pulsing, I eased myself off his semi-hard pole and knelt down between his thighs. "Thanks, babe. It's been a while but you're one hot fuck." 

As I unrolled the used condom off Jay's pole, I looked him in the eyes and cooed, "I aim to please." With that I started licking the remains of his ejaculation from the head of his used cock. Finishing the task at hand, I looked over at Don and saw that his cock was still hard and if anything had grown bigger as he lightly stroked it. 

Crawling over to Don, I murmured. "I'm ready for Bi—iig Donnie." Reaching into my purse, I pulled out another condom package and began tearing it open. 

Don looked at me and said, "Babe, I don't use rubbers." 

And I coolly replied, "Then you don't get any of my pussy," as I stopped. 

Jay injected, "Don, we all use protection when we fuck the house slu - girl. Only common sense." 

With that Don relented, "Ok! I hadn't thought of what the broad has been fucking." With that I knelt down in front of him, slipped the condom into my mouth and rolled it down his giant manhood with my lips leaving the last three plus inches uncovered. As I finished this task, Don mumbled, "Bend over the table girl, I want to watch the game while I fuck you." 

With that I stood up and pivoted in my heels before bending over the coffee table in front on Don spreading my feet to expose my leaking slit to Don's view. "Nice ass broad." I grasp the front edge of the coffee table in preparation for Don's massive cock to penetrate my waiting hole, I tensed a little bit as I felt his manhood slide along the crack of my ass but I relaxed as it brushed against my swollen lips. "Damn, Jay, your house gets first class lookers..." 

"... that know how to put out." Jay sighed. 

And with that Don's covered crown eased between my waiting lips and began to separate the walls of my pussy. "Sweetie, be gentle," I moaned. As he continued to penetrate me I pushed back, sighing, "Yessss, sweetie. Don't stop. Oh, my god, you're big, swe-etie." 

As he reached maximum depth, Don muttered, "Take it all, babe... Oh, fuck, you're fuckin' tight babe." Tweaking my engorged nipples he pulled back until only the head of his cock was still inside me. Thrusting back inside my fuck channel, he said, "Doesn't feel like you just did her. She's so fuckin' tight - you sure she's the house slut?" With that he slipped his hands on my hips and picked up the speed of his pistoning. 

As the walls of my pussy expanded to accept Don's hardened ram, I had never felt so stuffed. However, it did not take long for me to notice the familiar signs of the guy's impending orgasm and then Don's cum pulsed through his delivery tube and deposited itself against the barrier between his cock and my womb. Mumbling, "You're sooo tight. I'm cummming," Don collapsed on my back. 

Don dropped to the couch and I knelt between his splayed legs. Looking him in the eye, I unrolled the spent rubber from his still semi-hard cock and then bent forward and swallowed his cum covered head between my lips. Licking it clean, Don said, "That was one hell of a fuck girl." Then after a momentary pause, I softly added, "I hope you enjoyed it too." 

Letting his now clean manhood slip out of my mouth, I cooed, "I aim to please." As I stood up my boobs jiggled in Don's face and he pinched my protruding nipples, I asked, "Anyone for another beer?" 

"Sure," Jay answered. 

"What service. Fucks me dry and then refills me. What more can a guy ask for." Don chuckled. 

I wandered over to the bar dressed only in my heels, opened three beers and sashayed back to the couch. Handing the guys their beers I took a long swallow washing the taste of Jay's and Don's cum from my mouth and sat down between the two guys. Jay and Don watched the game playing on the television until half time occasionally reaching over to fondle one of my boobs or stroke my thighs keeping me on edge. At half time I got up and ambled over to the bathroom to relieve my bladder as Jay went upstairs. Jay returned with a robe which he gave to me saying, "Just in case you get chilly." 

"Thanks sweetie," I replied as I slipped it on. It did not cover very much and it left my boobs and my mound easily accessible to Jay and Don. Jay brought another round of beers and I took it although I was starting to feel the affects of the prior beers. We all sat back down on the couch to watch the game, but after about 15 minutes Don eased his hand under the robe to fondle my nearest proud mammary. I separated my thighs and half turned my upper body to face Don. 

Leaning in I whispered in Don's ear, "You ready again?" as the tip of my tongue caressed his ear lobe. Reaching down into his lap I continued, "I see you're ready." At the same time he pinched my nipple causing me to whimper, "Fuck me sweetie." 

In response, he nipped the nape of my neck and then proceeded to kiss and lick down my front to the gap between my boobs. Latching his lip onto my nipple, he sucked, lightly bit and licked the swollen nub which increased the lubrication leaking out of my slit. "Pleasse sweetie, I neeed your cock," I whined. 
