 As Chris gave me directions to his house I thought about the fact that it had been at least seven years since I had met a guy and ended up naked with him within hours of meeting, not since I was 21. And yet here I was driving back from the desert where Chris and I had ended up going wild with oral sex just hours after I met him and now we were going back to his house to finish.

I had met Chris at the local truckstop where I was having late night coffee with friends, one of whom had gone to high school with him. Chris had been on the pay phone in the hall outside the restaurant and I had been struck by him right away, tall and broad he was wearing all black. His tight jeans and form fitting black t-shirt would have caught my attention but the full length black leather trench was an added bonus. His dark Native American looks and silk smooth curtain of waist length black hair made me catch my breath.

I sat at the table with my friends talking and laughing and was surprised when my friend Bobby introduced us all to Chris, when he sat next to me I felt as if I had melted. He told us all how a girl he had dated for a few weeks had stolen his car and was driving to Nevada where she thought the people at Area 51 could prove she was half alien. We ended up talking about our mutual love for muscle cars and about our jobs and flirting.

I finally realized that our friends had set us up, as all of them bailed out and Bobby suggested I give Chris a ride home. Chris and I flirted more and then found ourselves driving out to a small park out in the desert outside of town. I ended up putting the car on cruise control and giving Chris a handjob as I drove and he tweaked my nipples through my shirt.

Out at Buff Bluff around 3 in the morning we found ourselves alone and proceeded to torment each other to screaming orgasms, ok so I had maybe half a dozen including one from Chris playing with the back of my knees and yes I did most of the screaming. Chris finally suggested we go to his house as the sky began to lighten and told me he wanted to take me to bed for 2 days and not let me out. Sounded like a great idea to me,

We pulled up in front of Chris' house, a really nice newer place with a small but totally secluded yard. Even though he was only on maybe a 1/8th of an acre of land most of it was back yard and surrounded by a seven foot fence. Chris lead me into the house and showed me the ground floor, a huge living room with big screen TV, two wonderful overstuffed leather couches, an ottoman and a huge chair that could pass as a small love seat. The dining room was separate from both the front room and kitchen and was set up with a simple oak table for four. He lead me from there into the kitchen pointing out the full downstairs bathroom in the hall by the backdoor.

In his backyard he had a large Jacuzzi in his small yard, easily an eight person tub. Personally I would have love to jump right in the tub but Chris told me that he could not wait to get me into his bed and promised that we would tub before sleeping.

I took his hand and followed him up the stairs to the second floor. The upstairs was divided into two large bedrooms about the same size and a really large luxurious bathroom, like at my house one of the bedrooms was full of computer equipment he used to work at home with. He had told me how he was programer for computer games and I told him about designing websites including doing paysites for other people.

Following him into his bedroom I was struck by how huge his bed was, I have a king size but this one was even bigger. I asked him about it as we came through the door and he laughing admitted it was a California king and the biggest bed he could get without having it custom made.

"I really like to move around on my bed and I want to be comfortable, of course it nearly fills the room but that is ok."

The bedspread was super soft black cotton and there were at least a half dozen large soft looking pillows in matching covers. I honestly had not seen a young guy with a house so well put together and I mentioned it to him. "Blame my mom for the bed stuff, every birthday and Christmas she gets me entire sets, I have at least three black sets, a red set and navy blue one."

"Damn I want your mom to be my secret santa." I told him and leaned against the tall bed. Chris came over and wrapped his arms around me and gave me a long deep kiss that took my mind off of matched bedding and mothers.

I slid my arms around him under his black buttersoft leather trench coat and pressed my soft plump body against his large sturdy one. I could feel his cock hardening between us and found myself thinking that one of these times I was going to have him fuck me while he wears just the trench, maybe on one of those leather couches downstairs.

He moved me around so that he was the one leaning against the bed. "Lola I want you to strip for me, real slow and sensual. I want to watch you touch your body as you take off your clothes." Chris pulled himself up on the high bed and began to work the laces on his Doc Martin's, all the time staring at me with smokey eyes.

I felt as if I was blushing but I didn't resist, I slipped off my shoes and tossed them behind me and reached to my waist grasping the waistband of my long skirt in my hands. I slowly slid it down, letting my hands stroke my thighs then my calves as I brought the skirt down to the floor. I stepped out of it slowly and then drew my hands back up my body to the bottom of my shirt.

"No panties Lola, you are such a naughty girl." Chris' words sent a thrill through me.

I smiled back as I began to lift the lightweight top up over my belly, holding it between thumb and forefinger, I let my other fingers drag slowly across my soft plump belly thinking about how Chris' hands had felt when he had stroked it. 

He had worked one boot off and tossed it into the corner watching me the entire time. For once in my life I had absolutely no doubt that the man I was with was totally aroused by my body and not in spite of it. The look in Chris' eyes proved to me that he was telling the truth when he told me that he thought I was beautiful and that he meant it when he said he was attracted to plus-sized women. Knowing that made me feel amazingly sexy and gave me incentive to tease him a bit.

I had reached my breasts and I slowed down even more as I dragged the top over the lace bra which was trying to hold in my full soft breasts. I spread my fingers and cupped my breasts for a moment before finally yanking the top over my head and dropping it at my feet. I stood there in just my bra.

I slid my hands back up from my waist to the underside of my breasts and cupped them again, lifting them up so that they half spilled over the full cups. I let my fingers trace over my lace-covered skin to the front center where the hooks and eyes were straining. Slowly from the top I began to unhook them, one after another until only the bottom two held my bra on me.

I looked and watched Chris watching me, I could see that his breathing had increased, that he looked almost dazed at the site of me before him and that gave me the courage to undo the last two hooks. Instead of letting the front of the bra fall away I quickly cupped it to my chest and gave Chris a cheeky grin.

"Oh you bad girl, don't tease me now I can't take it. So naughty." I had let the bra slip off and was cupping my bare breasts. "Play with your nipples for me Lola, show me how you like them pulled, I know you like them played with rough."

I laughed and said, "I love it when you call me that." and started to pull on my nipples, lightly at first, giving them a little twist.

"What? Bad girl?" I nodded. Chris gave me this evil sexy look and said, "You want to be my naughty girl don't you? I know you like those big nipples played with harder then that baby, don't tease me, I want you to really show me how you like it. Bad girls who tease might have to be punished." 

I gasped and pulled harder on my already swollen nipples, twisting them hard I asked, "What will you do? Spank me?" Just the thought of his hands on my ass made me twist even harder. "Please Chris I want to see you naked, strip for me and I will show you just how much of a bad girl I can be."

He got off the bed and came over to me and took one of my hands and placed it against the crotch of his jeans. I could feel his impressive cock straining against the denim. What is it about feeling a man get hard through his jeans that just seem so naughty and wicked? 

"Can you feel what you do to me Lola? You are driving me crazy." He lifted my hand back to my breast and stepped back. First the duster slid down his wide shoulders and was tossed over a chair in the corner.

Then I watched him take his belt off as I began to pull at my nipples even harder. The belt dropped to the floor. I had a quick thought about how it would feel if he used it on me, first to spank my ass with it and then to tie me to the bed. Chris was bringing out my kinky side which had been dormant for a long time.

He quickly pulled his shirt up over his chest and over his head, none of the slow teasing I had done, he was impatient and not afraid to let me know it. Then his hand was on his fly and even though I had held his cock in my hand and in my mouth less then an hour before this would be the first time I would see it by something other then dashboard or moon light.

The zipper slid down and he began to pull the form fitting jeans down as his cock sprang free and stood up against his belly. I had known from touch that it was large and well shaped but the deep color and silk smooth sheen to his skin was amazing to see. The thought of his reddish brown hand on my pale white ass had me even wetter then before.

Kicking the jeans off Chris reached for me. "Bend over the bed bad girl, I am going to give you the spanking you deserve. I want you to use one hand to play with yourself, I am going to spank you hard until you cum for me really good."

His bed was waist-high to me, a little shorter then my bed, but pretty much perfect for bending over. I leaned forward bracing myself on one arm as I slipped the other under me and began to tease my clit. I flinched a little bit as I felt his hand on my ass but Chris just ran his fingers over it to my thighs and I wondered if he was remembering giving me an orgasm by nibbling and lick the back of them.

His fingers teased up and down my backside, lifting off and then when I was sure a blow was coming he would stroke me again until finally his hand came down on my ass like thunder.

SMACK

SMACK SMACK

I moaned and arched my back to offer my ass to him even more as the blows rained down. Chris knew what he was doing, too many people will land each blow right on top the last, over and over, but Chris spread them out and covered my ass and upper thighs.

I was getting closer and closer to an orgasm but trying to hold it back since I did not want him to stop spanking me.

"I love seeing you pale skin turn red with heat." He said. "Your ass is so round and sweet, I am going to spank you til you howl and then I will fuck you so I can feel the heat." Chris' words put me over the edge and I came shaking and still he smacked my ass over and over.

"Don't stop playing with yourself bad girl, that was not a good orgasm, I know you can do better." Smack, his hand landed dead center of my ass and then raised to strike again, I could feel my backside getting hotter and hotter and each blow was bringing me closer to another orgasm. "I want you shaking baby, I want to hear you howl. I know you love having me spank you big ass, I know it makes you hot. Let go Lola baby cum for me."

His hand had sped up, raining blows all over my burning red ass and his word drove me over the edge. I began to shake and moan, my orgasm built higher and higher and thankfully he did not stop the blows until my spasm had passed.

I felt Chris grab my hips and pull me up on tip toe as he worked his rock hard cock between my thighs and slid into my soaking wet pussy. I have always came so easy and I felt as if just the feel of him would put me over edge again any second. I found myself begging him, "Fuck me hard, oh god fuck me hard, don't stop. Fuck me." I howled as he slammed into me and pressed himself against my flaming hot ass. "Fuck me, fuck me, Don't stop." I chanted mindlessly, lost in the moment.

Chris demanded. "You are such a bad bad girl, I am going to fuck you till you can't take it any more. Oh yeah you bad girl you love having me pound against you ass after spanking you don't you?" 

"Yes oh yes, pound me baby, pound me good." I could feel his cock filling me even as wet as I was, I could feel every thrust and was pushing myself back against him. I never wanted it to end even as my calves felt like they were on fire from standing on tiptoe, next time I am doing this in highheels, the thought sped through my mind.

Over and over like a pile driver Chris slammed into me, pushing his tight belly against my ass, reminding me how tender it felt and how much I loved the feel of it. He reached forward and grabbed my curling red hair where it laid halfway down my back and wrapped his hands in it.

I have always loved to have my hair pulled and feeling him pulling it as he fucked me hard brought me to the edge of orgasm yet again but it was the feel of his waist length heavy hair brushing my back as he leaned over me that put me over the edge of a screaming orgasm.

As I came my shook and my entire body was racked with spasms. Chris pulled back on my hair as he slammed into me a few more times and then began to cum, I could feel his cock inside me jerking as he came. The heat of his cum filled me up and the spasms of it seemed to go on and on.

We both collapsed against the bed, Chris laying on my back and kissing my shoulder. After a few minutes he slipped out of me half hard and stood back. I stood up and felt my legs go out from under me as I turned and then found myself sitting on the floor.

Chris looked worry as I laughed and then smiled as I reached out for his half hard cock. "Well while I am down here I might as well make use of the moment." I said as I licked my tongue up his cock and tasted both him and me on it. I licked his balls clean and then began to work my tongue up the now hard again cock.

Chris began to stroke the top of my head and sort of quietly crooned to me. "Oh god you are so beautiful, you make me crazy. You hair is so soft." I took him in my mouth and sucked him deep in slowly. He gasped and sighed, "I have never met a woman like you, no one has ever done that so good or made me so hot." Again and again I sucked him in and out of my mouth, slowly, sensually, knowing it was driving him insane.

I kneeled before him at least 20 minutes before he pulled away from me and reached down to lift me up. When I stood before him he kissed me deeply. "I want to take a shower with you and soap up every inch of your body." he said leading me across the room to the big bathroom and the huge shower with clear glass walls.

I stepped in and turned around waiting for him and realized that the glass side of the shower faced the large tub and the mirror which covered the wall above it on the wall between the shower and the tub was a long vanity with another wide mirror that went to the ceiling. "Oh man. I don't think I have ever seen so many mirrors in one room." I had never watched myself make love but the idea of seeing Chris' dark skinned body against my milky white Irish complexion and watching as he touched me all over was a complete turn on.

"You like it?" He asked. "One of the reasons I am buying this place is this bathroom, I can't even think how much it must of cost the last people to do it up. I like being able to see you from all angles." He reached past me and turned on the water, adjusting the heat as I watched his every move. His body moved so easily and he was so comfortable in everything he did, I couldn't wait to draw him again and I knew I was going to get him to pose nude for me soon.

Chris took a bar of herbal scented soap down and directed the water so it flowed over his shoulder and on to my breasts. I looked down as his strong dark hands lathered up the soap and then gently began to soap up my breast, stroking my nipples and lifting them up. Chris was intently staring at my body as if he could brand the site of it in his mind and I looked up and saw us reflected in the mirror across the room.

I had never been someone to stare in the mirror and yet the site of us together, nude, wet and soapy made me so hot I could not stand it. I took the bar and began to soap up Chris' chest and worked my hands down to his cock as he teased his hands along my soft belly making me gasp and shiver.

We laughed and teased each other as we played in the shower, using the soap as an excuse to touch and explore. Chris took me by the shoulders and turned me to the wall beside the door and had me lean against it, the feel of the still cool tile against my breasts and belly was a great contrast with the hot water and Chris' hands on my back.

I turned my head and watched in the mirror as he stroked his soapy hands all over my back until he reached my ass. He soaped up his hands and put the bar down and then cupped my ass in his hands, moving them around and around, squeezing my cheeks. I felt the fingers on one hand stray to my crack and begin to slowly soap it up.

I gave a little gasp and Chris stopped and waited to see what I would do. "Don't stop, that felt good." I said. Chris let his fingers slide down my crack and when he felt my puckered asshole he lightly teased it, slowing as I tensed and starting to tease more only after I relaxed enjoying the feeling of his finger pressing against it.

"Have you ever had anyone fuck you in the ass baby?" Chris asked me, I shook my head no. "Want to see what it would feel like? I will go slow and if you don't like my fingers I will stop."

I pushed my ass back against his hand to get his finger to press harder against my hole. "I trust you Chris, I want to try it." I felt him move a little so the water poured onto my ass more getting it nice and wet then gasped a little as his first finger began to slide in up to the first knuckle. 

Chris took a moment and let me adjust to the feeling of his finger, then he slowly slid it the rest of the way in. For a moment that one finger felt monstrously huge and then my body relaxed and I realized I was loving the full feeling of it. Sensing that I had relaxed Chris began to work his finger in and out of my asshole.

I felt him pull back and watched in the mirror as he began to work a second finger into my tight hole. He was going slow to let me adjust but I did not want to wait and I pushed myself back onto his hand pushing his fingers deeper inside of me. I groaned as he began to fuck me with two fingers.

Chris leaned over me and whispered in my ear, "I want to fuck your ass while you lean over the vanity and look at me in mirror." I nodded and told him I wanted that also.

Chris took his fingers out of me and I knew I wanted him in me more then anything. "I have never watched myself having sex before." I told him. "But you make me feel so sexy and i want to watch you fuck my ass, I want to see your face as you slide into me."

Chris opened the shower door and reached for a towel then started to dry me off. As he ran the towel up my back and shoulders he looked me deep in the eyes. "You are sexy Lola, you are the most sexy woman I have ever met, if no other guy has ever made you feel that way then they are idiots. I am going to make it my goal to make you realize how hot you are and never let you forget it.'

I took the towel from him and wrapped my arms around him, I dried his back off as I gave him a deep lingering kiss. "I think you could do it too." Chris folded a dry towel on the vanity and kissed me then turned me towards the mirror.
