 Cameron and Maria lay in bed with only sweat covering their naked bodies. Both were completely spent and it was only Friday, their first night together. Maria was tucked in Cameron's arms as they started to drift off to sleep.

It all started so innocently she thought as she allowed sleep to overtake her body.    
~~
4:15am.  
Shit, I've got to get another job. This getting up at 4:15 everyday is just killing me, Maria thought as she sat down at her desk and turned on her desk lamp to read her e-mails before starting the day. While sifting through them, she noticed a note from someone she didn't know. That was always the scary part. Either people loved or hated her work, but that is all a part of being a sex columnist in the local alternative rag, Off The Cuff.  

"Hi,I just read your article posted in the online version of Off The Cuff about female sexuality and erotica, and thought I would write you to tell you I enjoyed it very much...it was quite a turn on! Just thought I would let you know, email back if you want. --  Cameron"

Cool. I have another fan. That makes, what, 5?  she mused as she began to compose her response. 

"Cameron,
I just wanted to tell you thanks for taking the time to write and let me know that you enjoyed my article in Off the Cuff. I do extensive research on all of my projects and, thankfully, I've had a lot of experience to base this story on! I'm  working on a follow up article that will be of interest to both men and women and it will appear in next week's edition. Thanks again for writing. -- Maria"

A quick proofread and she hit send. Maria then hopped in the shower and started to get ready for work. Not once did she give much thought to the e-mail she just sent.
~~
With a bag of groceries in one arm, Maria fumbled with her keys to her apartment, her cell phone pinched between her shoulder and her ear as she was talking to her editor, Mike. 

"Maria, that was a fantastic article you wrote. We've been getting a lot of calls and e-mails from readers about it. Keep up the good work."  

"Thanks Mike, that really means a lot to me," she said, nearly dropping the phone while nudging the door open with her foot. 

"I need to see you tomorrow so we can go over your ideas for the follow up. I've also got some e-mails that I want you to read."

"Ok. Sounds like a plan. See ya then."

Albert Felinestein, Maria's cat, greeted her at the front door. While  preparing dinner, Albert kept her company and then made himself cozy on her desk, waiting patiently for her return. 

After dinner, she sat down at her desk to work on her follow-up. She buried herself in her work for hours, compiling a list of the best adult toys and videos, only to become distracted when she heard that she had a new e-mail. Stopping in mid thought, she clicked on the icon to find out what was waiting for her. As she scanned, she spotted a response from Cameron. 

"Maria,  
Glad to hear back from you, and to hear that you are in the process of writing another article. I can only hope it is as racy as your other works, but I'm sure it will be. I can't get those images you painted with words off my mind. I am not a freak or stalker so I won't keep bugging you with e-mails. It is just refreshing to see a woman that takes an active interest in sexuality, not typecasting it as filth or porn. Anyways, I will let you go. -- Cameron"

Well, he seems nice enough. What the hell, I'll answer him again. I need a bit of a break from working. . 

"Cameron,
Thanks again for writing....."

And so goes the story. Over a period of months, they began to exchange emails between each other. She would sometimes write of her life, her past relationships, her work, her hopes and her dreams. He would write about his life, his past relationships, the business he owned, and his own private hopes and dreams that he rarely shared with anyone.

He was the one to break the silence by calling her one night at home. The conversation that night flowed so easily. It was as though they had known each for years, separated in childhood. In a short period of time, the almost daily calls became daily calls and then two or three times a day.

They spoke candidly of what turned them on. Maria found out that Cameron loved to see a woman clad only in a white, men's dress shirt. Cameron learned that Maria was a sucker for hot, soapy showers. The chemistry between them was electric. Neither of them had ever experienced what was taking place before them. Their main hindrances to actually meeting was the fact that they were separated by two hundred and fifty miles and both had jobs that rarely afforded time off. 

One night during a particularly "stimulating" conversation, Maria lay in bed while she talked to Cameron. Her mind drifted off to thoughts of how sensual Cameron's soft hands would feel on her naked body. She couldn't stop herself from sliding her hand between her legs and let her fingers do what he said he'd do if he were there with her. She told him she was slowly tracing her fingers across her stomach. That her fingertips danced ever so softly against her caramel colored skin. He heard her breathing increase when she allowed her digits to tease her clit and to probe her wet pussy. 

He closed his eyes, envisioning her touching her sex. His body ached for hers. With the phone resting on the pillow, her hands followed Cameron's instructions to the word. When he told her to slip two fingers inside, she did. When he told her to spread her shaved pussy lips apart with one hand and circle her clit with the other, she did. She was captivated by his voice and listening to him made her wet and want him even more. Her breathing and soft moans were driving him mad. 

Of course, it wasn't just a one-way street. Knowing that Maria was on the other side of the line, making love to herself with her hands was more than Cameron could handle. He began to rub his stiff rod through his jeans as he listened to Maria softly moan and breathe in his ear. His cock strained against the confines of his denim jeans. He released the pressure by unbuttoning them and taking his cock into his hand. With his thumb, he rubbed in the pre-cum that coated the head, while his hand wrapped around his shaft. He pumped slowly, getting harder by the second. 

"Maria," he said in a husky voice, "I want you to slide your fingers along your smooth lips and spread them apart. Pinch your clit between your index and your middle finger. Take yourself to the edge and tell me how it feels."

"Cam, I'm so hot and wet and I want to cum. I need to cum." she whispered in shaky voice. 

Her head tossed back and forth on her pillow.

"The lips of my pussy are swollen and my clit is so big," she closed her eyes as her fingers probed her slick pussy, "Oh God!" 

Cameron listened to the moans she was sending through the phone line. He could picture her with her legs spread apart, her fingers dipping into her wet channel.  He listened, as her breathing became short gasps. He imagined her right hand doing what he was telling her, while her left hand worked on tweaking her nipples. Cameron looked down at his cock as continued to stroke it and noticed how hard and swollen he was. His balls grew tighter with each stroke. He didn't know how much more he could listen to before he would explode.  

"Ca... Ca.. Cammm. I can't hold off much longer. Tell me what you would do if you were here with me right now," she pleaded into the phone while her hands continued to take her to new heights.

"Maria," he continued, "imagine me in between your thighs. Your legs on my shoulders. Imagine me kissing your knee. I work my way slowly up your inner thigh, to the folds where your thighs meet your womanhood and back down to your other knee.  My tongue starts at your ass and licks all the way up. The long strokes are now replaced by shorter, faster ones. Your hips grind to meet my mouth with a desire to cum"

"Oh God!" she whimpered into the phone. Her back arched off the bed and her hips began to rotate. Her thoughts raced with all the images that flooded her mind.

He listened as she held her breath with the occasional whimper of her telling him that she was about to let go. He whispered, "My left hand has now found a cozy new home between your legs and spreads your swollen lips apart. My right hand rests below my chin, pushing your ass cheeks apart. The knuckles of my lower fingers tease your asshole. I have my target in sight, or rather my tongue's target... your glistening clit. In one quick motion I slide two fingers inside while my tongue begins a circular attack on that gorgeous clit of yours." 

That was all she needed. A giant fireball welled up inside and rolled deep from within, pulsing. She was engulfed in the flames of ecstasy. She slid her fingers inside her pussy, finger fucking herself while the other hand circled her clit. Her body tensed as she reached her peak, finally uttering the words, "Cameron, I'm, I'm cu-cu-cummming!" into his ear. 

Never in his life had Cameron ever heard something so powerful, so raw. His balls tightened the way they do just before he starts to go over the edge. The tip of his dick was now swollen and crimson. Listening to her scream in ecstasy proved to be too much. Cameron pumped his cock feverishly until he shot a load of hot cum on his quivering body. The first shot landed around his nipples, the next shot a few inches shy of the first, then a seeping trail led back to his spent member. 

Coming down off their high, they said their goodnights and hung up. They both rolled over and dreamed of each other, wondering when they would finally have a chance to have a real life encounter. 
~~
The talks continued daily and the feelings between them were getting stronger. Maria found herself wondering what Cameron was doing while he was at work. She always answered her phone on the first ring, hoping it would be him on the other side. Cameron too, had developed feelings for Maria. She could make him laugh like no one else. He ached to hear her voice during the day, and often called her just to say "Hi". Their conversations were never that short as they always ended up talking about their day in a nutshell and planning the next time when they could talk without any interruptions.  

Days and weeks continued to pass. Their schedules never seemed to work in their favor when they would get to meet. Plans were made, only to be canceled at the last minute. The want to meet turned into a need to meet. The desire to meet. But in the meantime, they continued their phone escapades frequently. They took pleasure in pushing the limits.

Maria always went to work first, so they took turns calling each other in the morning to say "Hi". He was always in bed for the morning call and he'd told her more than once that his morning hard-on was present. Maria would tell Cameron in her best throaty and sexy voice that she wanted to take his cock in her hands and trace it softly along her lips. That she wanted to run her tongue over his length and slowly wrap her hot, wet, mouth around him. She whispered that she needed to feel his hard dick on her tongue, to feel it swell inside her mouth as she sucked and to taste his pre-cum coating her tongue. Cameron envisioned every word Maria whispered while stroking his swollen member. He tried to hold off longer each time to see just how far he would shoot when he started to cum.

Maria could do nothing but listen to his groans as he shot his load over his stomach.  It was everything for her not to slide her hand in her pants and slip inside her panties and join him. Instead, she had to sit at her desk and look like she was busy while Cameron was telling her how far he shot and how good he was feeling. She crossed her legs and a ripple of pleasure made its way through her clit. She squirmed, knowing she would have to go through the day with wet panties.  He was a huge turn on. 

Going to work earlier had its advantages. As Cameron worked into the early evening hours, Maria had the luxury of being at home. Again, they took turns calling each other to talk about their day. On several occasions, Maria would call after getting out of the shower and lie in bed naked, fingering her increasingly wet slit while they talked. Sometimes she put on show for him, while other times he talked her through yet another mind numbing release.  

One Wednesday morning, Maria found a note scribbled in her boss' handwriting. "Come to my office as soon as you get this. I need to see you. Mike."  

Oh hell, now what? she thought as she made her way to Mike's office. She knocked lightly on his door and peered inside. He motioned for her to sit down while he was on the phone. She sat and crossed her legs while she waited. She looked at her watch and silently pleaded with him to hurry up. Cameron would be calling in ten minutes and she wanted to hear his private show.

While Mike was on the phone, he rustled through papers on his desk until he found what he was looking for and set it aside. After hanging up, he looked up at Maria. "The reason why I asked you to come in here, is because something suddenly came up and I want to know if you have any plans for this weekend."

Oh God! He's not asking me out is he?? she pondered as she studied Mike's face for any type of clue as to why he would be asking her such a personal question.  

"Umm," she stammered in an unsure voice, "I just planned on staying in and maybe catching a movie with some friends. Why, why do you ask?"

"Well, there is a writers' workshop in Spring Rock on Friday. It is from 9 - 6. If you wanted to go, we'd pay for your hotel room for the whole weekend since it is such short notice."

She stared at Mike in disbelief. "Did I just hear you say Spring Rock?" she inquired, making sure she wasn't hearing things.

Mike scanned the brochure before handing it to her, "Yeah, it says Spring Rock on here. Look at it for yourself."

Maria stared at the color brochure he handed her and carefully examined it. Sure enough, there was a writers' workshop at one of the hotels located in "beautiful downtown Spring Rock." 

"I'll go!" she said without any hesitation.

"Are you sure?" Mike asked, "I wouldn't want to impose on a weekend of staying in and catching a movie with friends."

Maria's eyes lit up as she got up from her seat, "Just tell me what time I need to leave, how to get to Spring Rock and I will be there."

"Great. Thanks Maria. I really appreciate you going on such short notice. I will have Trudy sign you up and have all of the information on your desk by this afternoon."

At the door, she stopped and turned around, "You did say that the company is paying for my hotel for the whole weekend, right?" 

"Yes. Is that a problem?" he asked lightly, looking up from his desk. 

"Ohhhhh no," she said through a smile, "It won't be a problem at all." She closed the door behind her.

At her desk, a single red light flashed on her phone indicating she had a message. She typed in her PIN number and listened as Cameron's voice told her that he was sorry he missed her and to call him when she could. She dialed his number and waited for him to answer. 

"Hello?" 

"You are not going to believe what just happened!" Maria gushed into the telephone.   

"What? Is it bad? Talk to me," his voice dripping with concern.

"Well, first off, what do you have planned for this weekend?" she asked in her most nonchalant voice. 

"Nothing really. I thought about going out to the shop and working ahead if at all possible. Now are you going to tell me what happened or not?" 

"Ohhhh, I was just wondering. I just got back from Mike's office and I have a workshop that I have to go to this weekend. That's all." 

"That sucks.  So you don't have this weekend off again either, do you?" 

"Well," it's actually on Friday from 9 - 6. Cuff is paying for my whole weekend -- hotel included, since I'm going on such short notice." 

"You can't beat that. A new town to explore on the weekend. Is anyone going with you?" 

"No, I'm going by myself," she replied. 

"So where is the workshop?"

"Well," she said as her voice trailed off, "that is why I asked what you are doing this weekend. The workshop is in Spring Rock."

"You're kidding, right? Seriously, where is the workshop?" he asked, desperate to believe her, but not wanting to get his hopes up.

"Cameron. I am really going to be there for the weekend. I have to go to the workshop. I promised I would go, but the rest of the weekend is ours. That is, if you want it to be ours."
~~
The rest of the week moved in a blur. So much to do and so little time to prepare. Maria worried about what to wear when they went out to dinner and when it would be just the two of them behind closed doors. She went shopping that night after work and picked up a racy black nightie that left little to the imagination. She also picked up a white, men's dress shirt that she planned on wearing sometime that weekend.  

According to the plan they worked out, Maria would call Cameron when she ready to go to dinner. After the workshop, she called Cameron and told him she needed to take a quick shower before going out. They agreed that they would meet at Tanners, a bar and grill just down the street from the hotel, in one hour. He informed her the dress code was casual so jeans would be fine, and that he'd be waiting for her on the third bench farthest from the door. 

Time was a precious commodity and Maria needed it to set up the room in case they made their way back to the room after dinner. She pulled out some votive candles from her bag and situated them on the nightstand.   

Quickly pulling her hair into a clip, Maria stripped off her clothes and stepped into the shower to clean off any remnants of the day. The hot water relaxed her body as it cascaded over her shoulders and her breasts, leaving her skin slightly pink. The water followed the natural curve of her breasts and dripped down her body. Her nipples were erect as the water pelted them. 

She poured a small dollop of body wash in her palm and worked up a lather on her chest. She rubbed her hands over her breasts and worked her way down, paying special attention to between her legs. She knew that one of Cameron's weaknesses was to taste a freshly washed pussy. When her fingers found her clit, she clamped her thighs around her hand and savored the sensations she was feeling. Her body was hungry for Cameron. Maria readjusted the showerhead so the hot stream of water would hit her clit when she spread her sex apart. She leaned against the back shower wall and placed her left leg on the edge of the tub. Her hands gently spread her lips apart, exposing her engorged pink nub.

"Oh God! Oh God!" she moaned as the water pounded her clit. Her body, once relaxed by the hot water was now on a journey of new heights. When she found just the right water pressure, her hips started to rock. In her mind, she envisioned Cameron feasting on her pussy. His face wet with her juices. His fingers sliding in and out of her. His tongue flicking her clit. It was all she needed to take her over the edge. Wave after wave of pleasure rippled through her body as she started to cum. A loud cry escaped her mouth and her fingers spread her sex further apart while her clit was being attacked by the pulsating water. After regaining her senses, she gave her pouty pussy lips a once over with a razor, making sure they were smooth to the touch. One final rinse and she stepped out to get ready for the night.  

Underneath her navy blue button up sweater, she wore a black satin bra with a touch of lace and black bikini panties to wear under her favorite pair of jeans. She stepped into a pair of loafers and stood before the full-length mirror, examining herself with a critical eye. Her raven colored hair fell just past her shoulders and a few soft tendrils framed her face. She completed her look by applying a bit of light makeup and a spritz of perfume between her breasts. The alarm clock displayed that she had ten minutes to get to Tanners. She caught one last glimpse of herself as she was leaving and noticed that her brown eyes sparkled. Even she had to admit... she looked pretty good. She grabbed her purse and set off to meet Cameron before she got too nervous. 
