 PART 4 - REALIZING WHAT SHE WANTS

49

The next morning Rachel woke up from a deep sleep lying on her stomach. She couldn't quite recall the details of her dream, but she remembered that it had been intense and there had been lots of hands touching her in a warm, dark room. It felt good. It felt really good, and as she lay there she realized that her vagina was pleasantly damp and that she really wanted to fuck again. 

Where am I? she thought. This isn't my bed. Why am I naked? And then realizing that her ass hurt like a bitch, she suddenly remembered. Oh, right . . . That was awesome! Rachel thought, smiling to herself. 

50

Next door Abby wrapped a plush red robe around her naked body and walked from the bathroom to the phone in the sitting area. She picked up the receiver and dialed. 

A woman with an Australian, no, New Zealand, accent answered, "Good morning, Ms. Brightling. What can I do for you?" 

"Good morning. Could we have a pot of coffee, please? Cream but no sugar," Abby whispered, trying not to wake her husband. 

51

Rachel rolled from her stomach to her right side and propped herself up on her right elbow to look at Mark. Soft sunlight spilled through the curtains that they had forgotten to close the night before casting rays onto her bare shoulder that peeked out from under the covers. 

"Maaaark?" she called, extending his name and poking him gently. 

"Yes, baby?" Mark asked groggily. 

"Are you sleeeeping?" Rachel asked playfully. 

"Yes, baby."

"Do you want to wake up and hang out with me?"

"Ugh . . . I'm tired, baby."

"Are you suuuuure, I'm very fun to hang out with," she said, reaching her left hand back to glide across her bruised ass and lightly rub her warm sex. Her hand felt great, but she wanted something more. "People tell me all the time that I'm really fun."

"I know baby, but you wore me out. Go and play with Abby and Jason," he said sleepily, half-joking, half-daring. 

"Ok," Rachel said earnestly, popping up and heading to the bathroom. 

52

"Right away, Ms. Brightling. Will there be anything else?"

Abby thought for a second about what she would order from Mark's menu if she could. She smiled to herself and whispered, "No, thank you. Just the coffee for now, please."

Abby hung up the phone, picked up her cell phone, and sat on the couch to read the Sunday New York Times, crossing her left leg over her right and bouncing her foot lightly while a soft white slipper dangled from her purple toes. 

53

Mark rolled over onto his stomach and grabbed his down-filled pillow as the toilet flushed and the shower turned on. Wishing he had drank another glass of water before going to bed last, he tried to remember if he had brought any aspirin with him. 

In the bathroom, Rachel looked at herself in the mirror and turned her right hip to see how bad her ass looked. She grimaced as black and blue splotches appeared where Mark's smacks had broken blood vessels under her eggshell skin. Gruesome, she thought,, . . . but awesome!

She then turned back to the mirror and tried to will her left breast to grow slightly bigger and/or her right breast to shrink slightly smaller so that they would even themselves out. Rows of small brown freckles that criss-crossed Rachel's chest ended just above her nipples leaving the parts of her breasts that the sun never touched pale white with beautiful pink areolae. 

Oh well, she thought, neither Mark nor anyone else had ever seemed to notice or care before. And besides the slight difference in size, they are pretty amazing. Rachel lifted her tits and pushed them together, gently pinching her nipples between her thumbs and forefingers, feeling a direct link to her clit. 

She then took a black band from her left wrist and pulled her hair back to wrap it around itself to create a tight red bun on top of her head. Next, she opened the shower door and stepped into the stream of hot water, steam rising to coat the bathroom mirror. 

After turning, bending, and stretching to let the warm water wash over her athletic body, Rachel squirted ginger lime shower gel into a cream-colored washcloth and rubbed the thick cotton all over her body. The pleasant scents of citrus and spice rose with the steam and filled the glass enclosure. She breathed deeply and lathered the soap under her arms and across her breasts and stomach, then between her legs and down her thighs to her knees and feet. Standing again, Rachel gently washed her sore butt and tried to reach the middle of her back. She then rinsed herself again, trying not to wet her red hair, and turned off the water. 

Rachel stepped out of the shower and dried herself with a plush off-white hotel towel. She then hung it on an ornate hook and bent over to rub ginger lime lotion onto her toned legs. She hadn't shaved them, but they still felt smooth from the day before, and she hoped that her friends would focus less on the state of the hair on her legs and more on the state of the hair between her legs, which had been carefully shaped into a playful red triangle. 

54

Rachel put on the red hotel robe, slid her feet into the white slippers, and walked back into the main room. "Here, in case you wake up and decide that you need this," she said tossing the hotel lotion onto the bed next to Jason with a soft thud. "Wish me luck . . . And thanks again; I'll make it up to you!"

Before Mark could figure out what she meant and whether she was bluffing, he heard the door to their suite open and close, and she was gone. Wow, he thought, I didn't think she'd actually go.

55

Abby was reading about a hostile takeover in the aerospace industry when someone knocked at the door. That was fast! she thought as she stood to answer. She reached down to tighten her robe, and then, thinking for a moment, she loosened it again to expose a few inches of pink cleavage. 

She figured that the person delivering coffee this morning would likely be male, and therefore, more likely than not into nice tits, odds being what they were, and that the man would either be just coming off of a night shift, and if so she hoped that he had heard their escapades last night, or he was just starting his day, and if so, what better way to jumpstart things than a casual nipple slip? If he was cute, she might accidentally drop the check and have to bend down to pick it up. 

Oops, she thought imagining herself. How clumsy of me. Here, look at the way my robe rises to reveal my tight ass as I bend over for you. Oh, oops, I also forgot to put on panties this morning. She turned the knob and pulled open the door. 

56

"Hi, Ab!" Rachel said standing in her friend's doorway. 

"Rachel?!" Abby said startled, and then she smiled, recovering. "Sorry, I thought you were the coffee guy." Away in her fantasy, Abby hadn't heard her neighbors' door open and close. 

Stepping slightly into the hallway but holding the door ajar behind her, Abby continued in a hushed voice, "Thanks again for last night! You guys were amazing!"

"Um, we weren't too loud, were we? We kind of . . . got carried away."

"Not at all. That's exactly what I was hoping for. I hope you guys really enjoyed it."

"Way more than I thought!" Rachel replied. "I really got into it! . . . My ass is killing me though!" She said, rubbing her right side. 

"I'm so happy that you had fun! I was a little nervous to ask you guys to join in, but I'm so glad that I did. Jason is still passed out," Abby said motioning towards the six-foot lump sprawled across the bed. "Poor guy never knew what hit him."

57

"Want to come in? Coffee should be here soon," Abby turned and opened the door invitingly. I want to come, Rachel thought as she walked in. Wearing only a robe and slippers, she hoped to be wearing less soon. But then again, she thought, nothing about her outfit would really get in the way.

Abby slowly closed the door behind them with a quiet click. Entering the room Rachel could see the dark hair on the back of Jason's head, part of his broad right shoulder and back, and his muscular right calf and thigh sticking out from under the sheets, which were tangled together in a way that reflected the night they had had. He snored softly. 

Rachel also eyed a man's gray suit lying where Jason had left it, and not far from where Abby had stepped out of her silver dress, which sparkled in a narrow line of sunlight on the floor. 

58

After the food and the wine and the fucking, Rachel surmised from the state of the room that the couple had more likely passed out than gone to bed. From what she could see, she was pretty sure that Jason was still nude, and she wondered if Abby was wearing anything under her robe. She never wore underwear when they got massages together, and Rachel could tell that Abby definitely wasn't wearing a bra from the view down her robe. 

59

"Come sit with me while we wait for the coffee," Rachel whispered, moving her purse and shawl from the couch so the two could sit next to each other. 

They leaned in so they could talk quietly. Rachel thought about her dream. "So, I had this dream," she said in a hushed voice. 

"Yeah?" Abby whispered back. 

"Yeah, I was lying on my back naked in the dark . . ."

"Ooh, that kind of dream," Abby teased. 

"And there were all these hands . . ."

"Ok?"

"And I couldn't tell where they were coming from, but they felt really good."

"Did you cum?" Abby asked her friend. 

"Abby?!" Rachel exclaimed, hitting her friend on the shoulder. 

"Sometimes I come *really* hard in my sleep, and I wake up soaking wet. It feels great!"

"Abby!" 

"Well, I do. And after what I heard last night, I don't think there's anything we can't share."

Oh, I was really hoping you'd say something like that, Rachel thought.