 I should have known you would be trouble tonight. As i arrived to pick you up you had that look in your eye to go with your cheeky little grin. I had to admit, though I had far more distracting things on my mind, like that dress, elegant, black held up on one shoulder and hugging your body tightly in all the curves. Ending a little below your ass, just enough to maintain that classy look you do so well. Made me feel like quite the chump in black trousers and shirt. Well at least the pearlescent red tie brought me up a notch, but still nothing on you.

"Now you have picked your jaw up off the floor, can we go eat?" you had asked.

Which brings us to hear, the main course has just finished along with the second bottle of wine. I for one am feeling the effects of the alcohol and the filthy lines you have dropped in to conversation over the meal. The waiter approaches to ask for dessert choices. 

"2 Ice creams!" you pipe up, "And another bottle of wine!"

I look at you confused but you you just sit there grinning then flash me a cheeky wink. Thankfully the waiter had turned around just before muttering something under his breath, guess there won't be a tip for him then. but before that thought had had time to settle I felt something on my foot. I panicked for just a second before I looked up to see you smiling away, that smile that says 'playtime'. Your foot slowly runs along mine before making its way up the inside of my calf, as it gets to my knee i feel your other foot press against the opposite knee, pushing my legs apart slightly. Your feet rub up and down my thighs getting slowly closer to my dick with each motion, all the while you just sit there smiling away like nothing is happening. My dick starts swelling and you move your foot onto it slowly pushing it up and down. I'm barely in the room anymore when the waiter returns with the wine and ice-cream. Thank god for his crappy timing or this would have been a very messy situation.

I take the opportunity to recompose myself while pouring you another glass of wine, followed by filling my own glass. 

"That was close." I say, "What were you thinking?"

"It was too quiet? I thought I'd treat you? I'm horny? take your pick." you reply

"Alright." I say with a grin. "Two can play that game."

You look perplexed for a moment before taking a sip of your wine. The look of minor confusion changes to one of amusement. You pick up your spoon, dip it into the vanilla ice-cream, put your tongue out and flick the end of the spoon before pushing it into your mouth all the while keeping eye contact with me the entire time. That little display proves too much as penis once again begins to rise. Seeing this as my opportunity to catch you off guard I stealthily slip off my shoe and bring my own foot up onto your lap. You seem shocked as I place my foot on you but then stare into my eyes as you smoothly uncross your legs. This is where my second surprise of the evening occurs. Running my foot around your thigh I go to push against your panty clad pussy with my toe only to find my foot pushing straight against your soaking wet pussy. I look up to see you doing your best innocent girl look, which starts to crumble as the shock settles into my face. I drop my foot to the floor and shove it quickly back into my shoe.

"Can't play this game then can you? Two nothing to me then." you state as another spoonful of ice-cream goes into your mouth. "I'll show you how we play this game then shall I?" you question.

I'm still stunned from my little discovery, half my mind is trying to make sense of it, the other half is telling me to make the most of it. When your I feel your foot against my thigh again I jump a little making a few people look around.

"Stop acting up babe." you say, "Wouldn't want someone to come and find out whats wrong now would you?"

I shake my head slowly as your other foot joins the first either side of my cock and slowly start rubbing up and down. I struggle to eat some of my ice-cream to keep up appearances, but you are making my hands shake. I finally give up and stop attempting to eat anymore. I close my eyes as my breathing starts getting heavier. I'm about to cum in my pants and then nothing. I open my eyes to see you giggling as you finish your ice-cream off. A tiny trickle of melting ice-cream comes out of the corner of your mouth which you wipe off with your index finger.

"Wouldn't want to waste it now would I?" you say before slowly and deliberately pushing your finger between your lips.

I call the waiter over and get the bill, I can't deal with you in here, it's not going to end well, and there are already a few choice spots we can no longer go to. after dealing with the bill I walk around the table to pull out your chair. As you stand up you whisper in my ear, "The nights young still, lets see what we can do shall we?"

—————————

As we stumble out of the restaurant our hands are all over each other. The wine is obviously hitting you hard now as your attempts at kissing me are ending all over my face. As i wave down a taxi you try slipping you hand into my trousers. I spank your bottom hard causing you to give a yelp and pull your hand back. You are about to shout at me but I grab a handful of your hair and pull your face to mine kissing you roughly, my tongue sliding into your mouth and massaging yours. As I pull away I bite your lower lip and pull it till it pops out from between my teeth. The taxi pulls up to the curb and I open the door, ushering you into the back with a soft smack on the ass. Being in your playful mood you crawl into the taxi letting your dress come up your ass a little giving me a view of your wet womanhood. Looking over your shoulder you poke your tongue out at me.

I climb into the taxi after you, placing my hand on your thigh. You swat it off saying "Ah ah ah, no touching for you!". I turn to the driver and tell him to head to the hotel. Sitting back getting comfortable in the seat I feel your hand creeping along onto my trousers and tentatively tugging at the zipper. I look over at the drivers mirror to see if he is looking but he is paying attention to the road, thank god. 

"I'm feeling sleepy." you say just loud enough for the driver to hear. You shift in your seat and start leaning over whispering "Be good and don't let him know.". You continue leaning till your head is on my lap, I can feel your warm breath on my dick as it starts to get hard. You pull my pants down through the zipper and run a finger around the head of my penis bringing it to full hardness before taking the head into your mouth. I take a sharp breath as you begin swirling your tongue around the head of my dick which draws the attention of the driver, I play it off as a yawn and the driver goes back to focusing on the road. You start slowly working more of my dick into your mouth as i scratch down you back and round your ass cheeks. I grab your ass hard as I slip my middle finger into your wet pussy. 

I pull it out and run it up and down your wetness, rubbing slowly over your clit. You moan gently round my cock, taking it deeper into you throat. I push my middle and ring finger into your pussy while rubbing my thumb around your puckered little ass. you are dribbling around my cock as you suck and bob at a gentle pace. I push my thumb into your ass as my fingers pump in and out of your pussy, your moans get louder as you start to cum around my fingers. I can feel your juices dripping out of your pussy and drip on to the seat as we pull up at the hotel. The driver looks back to ask for the fare, as I pull my wallet out of my pocket, your face still on my prick, and pass the driver a £20.

"We are here baby, time to wake up." I say to you softly.

You suck extra hard on my dick as you pull yourself off of it, tucking it back into my trousers and doing them up. The driver goes to hand back the change but i I tell him to keep it, lord knows he's going to have to clean the seat after that. We shuffle out of the taxi and head into the the hotel, stumbling only slightly by now. We head to the front desk of the hotel where a cute blond is sat. As I begin to ask for the room keys you tell me you are popping to the toilet quickly. The girl on the desk smiles meekly and blushes as she talks to me. With the added liquid confidence from a few bottles of wine I lean over the desk to 'ask her a question' and kiss her cheek gently. I whisper in her ear to join us in the room when she finishes. Looking at the girls face before turning I can see how much she is blushing but she nods slowly at me as I turn. I walk towards the lift and meet you there, I'm grinning ear to ear knowing what will be happening later. 

"What are you smiling about?" you question as I put my arm around your waist.

"Oh nothing, just having a perfect evening with such a beautiful woman, that and those jealous looks on all the guys faces, not to mention the women."

The lift pings and we step inside, thankfully its empty so we step in. pressing the penthouse suite button and placing the key into the slot I stand against the back of the lift and pull you close to me by your hips. I place a kiss on your forehead as the lift starts to move.

"Lets have some fun shall we?" I whisper into your ear.

You look up with a mixture of confusion and excitement, as I spin you around and bend you over. I pull down my trouser zip and pull my hard dick out. The little added hight from your heels puts your waiting pussy at just the right height, I rub my dick up and down your pussy as you moan for me to put it in. You try reaching back to guide my penis into you but i grab your hands and pull them up behind your back.

"Oh no, not this time, this is my turn to have fun." I say as I pull you back onto my waiting hardness. You gasp as i start to push in and out of you, pulling back on your arms till you are nearly upright. As i thrust harder you start to moan louder and louder. Changing to hold your two hands with one I reach around to your neck gripping your throat and pulling you back. 

"You are going to be my little play thing tonight." I say, "And if you do everything I tell you to, you may even get a little surprise."

Your pussy starts to clench up as you approach orgasm, I give one hard thrust and then pull out. You immediately turn round screaming "Why the fuck did you stop?" You go to slap me but I catch your hand and return a slap across your cheek. You stand there in stunned silence mouth agape gently rubbing your face where it has begun to go red.

"I told you, you will do whatever I tell you to, you are my toy this evening, you don't choose what happens to you." I state flatly.

For a second you look almost hurt by that but then your smile comes back, the smile I have seen a thousand times that says 'bring it, I'm ready'.

I walk up to your side as the lift doors open, grabbing you by your hair and walk you into our room for the evening. I throw you over the edge of the bed and tell you to get on all fours. I pull your dress up to your waist, and lower my face down to your ass. I plant a kiss on your ass and then gently bite down on it, before pulling your ass cheeks apart. I lick slowly along the outer lips of your pussy up and down, listening to your breathing slowly getting heavier.

"Hold your ass open." I demand.

You go to talk back before my hand comes down sharply on your ass. You cry sharply before reaching back and holding your ass apart. "Good girl." I say before I soothingly rub your ass as my tongue travels onto your asshole. I flick my tongue over your ass as I push two fingers into your pussy and begin to massage your g-spot. My tongue presses into your ass as my fingers speed up inside your pussy, your breathing is shallow as you moan loudly. Your pussy tightens up and starts to squirt as you orgasm. Your asshole tightening and loosening around my tongue. Flipping you onto your back I pull your legs up with my arms as i make my way up to your face. You look up at me with a slightly glazed expression as I lean in and kiss you gently. You gently moan as we kiss and wrap your legs around me. Turning your head to the side I begin to lick, bite and kiss your neck and earlobe. Your legs grip tighter while you moan softly into my ear.

"I think it's nearly time for your present sweetie, just a little bit longer." I whisper into your ear before my tongue runs along the edge of your lobe.

Reaching down I line my dick up to your tight little asshole, making you twitch. I bring my dick up to your pussy, push and slowly push the whole length of my dick into your warmth. You breath in slowly enjoying the feeling of being filled. Pulling my dick out as you exhale slowly. I line it up with your ass and slam it straight in causing you to inhale sharply. I reach for your breasts and fondle them, gently then roughly. Slipping your dress off your shoulder and bunching it up around your stomach I lean down and bite your breasts, causing another sharp intake of air. Pumping slowly in and out of your ass my breath gets heavier as i get closer to orgasm.

"Want me to fill your tight little ass with my cum?" I ask you.

"God yes master!" you shout.

"Here it comes!" 

We both hit our orgasms, throwing our heads back i pump my seed into your tightly clenching asshole, screaming out in the throws of passion. I fall forward onto you breathing heavily into your ears you pant to get your breath back. 

"Thank you for filling my ass master" you breath into my ear. Rolling off to your side, I take your hand in mine. You look over and we kiss tenderly. Slowly.

"Thank you for that, master." you breath. 

"Thats round one done, time for your treat." I say, "stand up for me baby, and take that dress off."

You slowly stand up onto wobbly legs, and slowly pull your dress down and off. Maybe I should have let you take your heels off but I really did love the sight of you stood there, struggling to keep your balance on shaky legs. But damn do you look good. Black heels, stockings and suspender belt. Your breasts hanging freely, disheveled hair. A view I will never tire of. Looking over at the lift, I see it's heading up to our room. guess the blond from reception is going to join us then.

"Go over and welcome our new guest." I say to you.

"Like this?"

"Well of course, how else should you great someone?"

You strut slowly over to the lift doors, my cum slowly dripping from your ass and and down onto your stockings. Once you get to the door I tell you to stand legs apart and hands behind your back. you do so diligently as more cum begins to drip form your ass onto the floor. 

"Bend over and clean up that mess, I don't want you wasting my good cum now." I state bluntly.

You start to bend your knees.

"From your waist!" I yell, "NOW!"

You bend slowly wiggling your ass at me. You scoop up my cum with your fingers and stand back up, raising your hand above your mouth, tilting your head back you let my cum drip into your mouth. Then you reach between your legs and gather all thats left there, bring it swiftly to your mouth, you begin to lick at it slowly. You then wink at me.

"I wouldn't waist a single drop, master." you say in husky raw voice, before plunging your fingers into your mouth and sucking every last drop of our mixed fluids of of your hand.

Bing goes the lift.