 Part 2 - A Plan Comes Together

22

The foursome walked together out of the dining room and through the marble foyer to the exit where a man in a sharp black uniform held open the ornate door. An evening breeze filled their lungs as they walked down a wide staircase to a dark sedan waiting on the street. Mark got into the front and let Jason ride in the back with the two women. 

"Do you want me to slide across," Jason asked Abby, looking at the way her argent dress hugged her shapely hips and wondering what she had on underneath. 

"Yes, please," Abby said noticing Jason's gaze and opening the door for him. As Jason entered the car, Abby motioned to Rachel to go around and get in on the other side. 

Jason's heart started to beat faster as the women climbed into the car to squeeze in on either side of him, their warm, intoxicating scents of hair and perfume and femininity mixing together and engulfing him. 

23

A few minutes later the car pulled up in front of their hotel, and doormen helped them out. Abby linked her arm with Jason, and the couple led Mark and Rachel into the lobby and towards the elevators. 

"Oh crap," Rachel said as the other couple turned to look back at her. "I forgot to bring contact solution." Pursing her pink-orange lips together and thinking for a second, she said, "I'm going to grab some from the front desk. We'll see you guys tomorrow for breakfast, ok?" 

"I'll text you when we get up," Abby replied. "There's a little cafe around the corner that I'd like to try."

The men shook hands, and after the women embraced, they took turns hugging each other's husbands. As Mark put his arms around her, Abby whispered into his ear, "Try to fuck her on the bed, please."

24

Abby couldn't help but notice the effect her words had on Mark as he blushed and turned to follow his wife with his hands crossed casually in front of his swelling crotch. He couldn't take his eyes off of Rachel's green hips as they swayed back and forth as she walked on black heels in front of him. 

Abby returned to her husband, who had just enjoyed a more passionate than expected hug from Rachel. An avid tennis player, Rachel was a lot stronger than she looked. Abby grabbed his arm and pulled him back onto their course towards the elevators where an elegant and slightly older couple stood waiting, perhaps on their way back from the same event, and perhaps heading towards a similar one. 

The older couple entered first, and Abby and Jason walked in behind them to stand side by side in front of the closing doors. Abby pushed 36 with a slender, purple-tipped finger noticing that 40 was already lit. 

25

How do you think she got the room next to ours," Mark asked as they waited for the attendant to return with Rachel's saline. She had plenty to last this trip and the next one, but Jason didn't know that, and she needed a ruse to stall for time as Abby escorted him upstairs. 

"Abby always gets what she wants," Rachel replied enviously. "She can be extremely . . . um, . . . persuasive when she wants to be." Turning to the clerk she asked," Could you please add this to our room? 3609."

Rachel put the contact solution into her black purse and found a red-and-white striped mint that she unwrapped with a crackle and placed onto her pink tongue. 

26

As the elevator started to rise, Abby quickly handed her black clutch to Jason saying, "Hold this, please." As Jason took the purse, Abby hiked her silver dress up to her mid thigh, quickly reached under, and pulled a small pair of light purple panties off of her hips to the floor. She then stepped out of them, one purple heel following the other, to free herself at last. Next, she straightened her dress and declared, "Here, I won't need these anymore tonight," as she handed the panties to Jason and took back her purse, 

As the elevator doors opened, Abby confidently stepped out onto the 36th floor, and, without looking back, she continued down the hallway to their room. If the other couple hadn't been on their way to fuck before, she thought, they certainly would be now. 

27

Jason looked over his shoulder to see the other couple shocked but smiling, apparently aroused by Abby's actions. "My wife," Jason said half-apologetically, shrugging his shoulders and holding purple panties in his left hand. "Have a good night," he said, heading out to follow his date. 

"I'm sure you guys will," the woman as she reached down to confirm that her companion had also enjoyed the sudden exhibitionism. Feeling what she had expected to find, her own red lace panties suddenly became very tight and constricting as the elevator doors met each other. 

Only Abby would know when other people would be into that, Jason thought chuckling to himself as he followed his panty-less wife. If I had dropped my pants in an elevator, we'd be having a very awkward conversation with hotel security right now.

28

Abby reached the hotel room and used her phone to unlock the door. She then stepped in as Jason caught up and followed closely behind her. Abby tossed her shawl and purse onto the couch and looked over her shoulder at her date as the door closed behind him with a click.

"Unzip me," she said, lifting her layered hair off of her neck. The zipper hummed as he moved in close to her and pulled it down the middle of her back showing that she hadn't been wearing a bra. Abby pulled the strap off each shoulder and wiggled her hips to let the dress slide from her curves and on to the hardwood floor, leaving her wearing nothing but a necklace and purple heels. Her ass looked amazing. 

29

Rachel and Mark stepped onto an elevator across from the one that Abby and Jason had rode and ascended to the 36th floor holding hands. "You're nervous?!" Rachel asked with surprise feeling a light bead of sweat on Mark's palm. 

"You're not?" Mark replied. "You know, performance anxiety and all that." 

"Here, maybe this will help," Rachel said, putting her arms around Mark's neck and kissing him passionately as she pushed her ample breasts into his chest. "Is this working?" she asked. 

"Oh, yes!" Mark replied, the fresh taste of mint on his lips. 

30

Without turning, but watching his reflection standing behind her and admiring her in the headboard mirror, Abby let go of her hair, shook her head from side to side to settle it back into place, and gave him stern, but playful, instructions: "Take off all of your clothes and lie on the bed. I want you to think about how hot my ass looks and rub my panties up and down that nice big cock until I get back. Your birthday party is about to begin."

Watching Abby's thighs, hips, and shapely ass rock left and right and left and right as she walked one high-heeled foot ahead of the other into the bathroom, Jason pulled out his cock and rubbed the satin underwear up and down its length. With the quick hit, Jason sat on the chair and untied his shoes to willingly do as Abby had instructed. 

31

The elevator doors opened and the couple walked down the hall pausing in front of 3611 for a second to listen. They could hear a belt buckle fall to the wooden floor and steps walking away from the door towards where they knew the bed lay. 

They hurried to their room, slipped inside, and ripped off each other's clothes.

"I want to come really hard and really loud," Rachel said, embracing her inner porn star as she jumped naked onto the king-sized bed and then turned and slowly crawled on all fours up to the mirrored headboard watching her luscious tits sway back and forth as she moved deliberately. "I want them to hear every sound that I make."

32

Laying naked on his back and lightly stroking his cock with silky purple panties, Jason heard the door to the adjoining room open and slam closed as if the room's occupants had better things to do than shut it quietly. They are in for some kind of show, he thought, unaware that both of the beds butted up against the same wall, each room a mirror image of the other, leaving the naked red-headed woman and the naked masturbating man inches away from each other on either side of a very thin wall. 

Waiting anxiously for his wife to return, Jason startled when he both heard and felt someone next door jump onto the bed and slowly creak his/her way closer toward him.