 It seemed like a particularly hard day. More and more work was being dropped on my desk, I was becoming more agitated and stressed and it was only 10:15am for crying out loud.

I took a 5-minute break and went outside the building to catch some fresh air. Once outside I chatted a little with the security guard and a few of the smokers who were out there about how their weekend was and what they to up to. The security guard whose names is Dan said that his girlfriend got a few dvd's and they chilled out at home together, which was cool I thought.

When I got back I saw more work dumped on my desk, which infuriated me some more. In among the files and post on my desk I found a note which said "I'm wet, turn on the Instant Messaging system". Without thinking twice I logged onto my pc and found messages left by Crystal. They were very hot messages saying how she was a little frustrated at work and that she was playing with herself every now and again. I looked up and saw one hand in between her legs and then it slipped to her side. This set my cock twicthing and begins to throb. Another message came through on the computer system saying how she would love my large cock deep inside her pussy and that her pussy was wet with that thought. After I read that I nearly fell off my chair, other colleagues looked around but I managed to conceal my rock solid cock and everyone got back on with their work.

I couldn't concentrate, my cock was rock solid and although it was coming up to lunchtime all I could think about was fucking Crystals brains out in the office. With my mind racing, my cock aching for her pussy I looked up and she was gone, out of her seat. I looked back at my pc terminal and there was a message saying to meet out in the foyer. I didn't think twice and rushed to the foyer, I didn't see Crystal then I heard a faint voice call out "over here" and from a small room Crystal stood at the door. I rushed to her, she pulled me into the office slammed me against the door and we kissed. She seemed very hungry for my cock and I was too hungry for her pussy.

She took my cock out from my pants and sucked on it slowly, all I could do was close my eyes and take deep breaths as she sucked my cock. In between her awesome blowjob I heard her gasp and say "I want you to fuck me now". With that she stopped sucking my cock, bent over the desk lifting her skirt up and exposing her thongs, with a quick motion I pulled them to the side and put the head of my cock on her vaginal entrance. I marveled for what seemed like 5 minutes in fact it was 10 seconds before I heard her cry out "FUCK ME DAVE". As I pushed my cock in she pushed her ass back onto me so that I slid deeply inside her. We went straight into 5th gear and I was pounding her pussy very hard and heard her moan that she had just cum, she certainly had cause I felt all the wetness seep onto my cock. I kept fucking her faster and harder while holding onto her waist, the pressure was becoming too much on my heavy balls, she cried out "CUM IN ME DAVE, I WANT YOUR SEED" that sent me crazy and I fucked her with more vigor till I lose all control and cum rocketed from my balls and exploded deep inside her at the same time she came as well again, juices trickling from her pussy of our love juices intermingled. I collapsed on top of her, quite exhausted my cock was still rock and I continued to thrust in her, with every last bit of energy that I have, then she came again quickly on my cock. I pulled out of her and she was on her knees quick as a fox slurping and licking all the juices from my cock and balls. I was in pure ecstasy then I heard the door shut.

My heart raced at a thumping beat, caught on the job I thought, Crystals blow job stopped and as I looked around I saw Jane the Office Manager standing there looking in shock and disgust. Crystal rose to her feet and stood in between Jane, and me. Jane with an authoritative voice said, "What the fuck do you two think your doing?"

My trousers were down at my feet and my cock became limp. I froze, I didn't know what to say neither did Crystal. It seemed like Jane was going out but in fact she looked up and down the corridor and foyer and ensured no one else was around. Then she made the first move and shut the door locking it with her keys. She moved around the small room and said, "You haven't answered my question". Crystal responded saying that, "We were relieving stress in the office". Jane responded by coming over to me and going down and inspecting my cock and balls. I was very nervous; my cock began to twitch and became solid again. Jane rose to her feet and said "interesting". What was happening here? All that had just happened raced through my mind and it seemed like everything else stopped.

Jane the Office Manager was furious at what she saw had locked the door and then just inspected my cock and balls. When I slipped back into reality she was back on her knees this time with my cock in her mouth. I said nothing, she was giving me a great blowjob, and I heard her say, "she needed to release some stress too!" I never knew that Jane was a kinky slut but always thought she'd be a good fuck if I got the chance.

She has blonde hair, 5ft 5", medium build, shapely figure with 34c breasts. She kept sucking and licking my cock and I moaned in pleasure. Then I felt two tongues, taking it in turns licking and sucking my cock. This felt like heaven, Crystals pierced tongue, Jane's skillful tongue and hands catering to the needs of my large black cock. Just as pre cum was glistening from my cock the sucking stopped. Jane was positioned over the desk, her trousers were down and from behind her smooth pussy glistened in the light. She ordered me to fuck her whilst Crystal watched or there would be all hell to pay. I couldn't argue nor could Crystal who would have been fired within an eye blink.

I didn't object neither did I use a condom. I slid my hard member into Jane and started pounding her pussy ruthlessly. Crystal looked on in shame or was it disgust, no she wanted more of my cock and in between thrusts she licked and my cock clean of Jane's juices. I pounded her pussy hard and fast and words flew from my mouth like "I've always wanted to fuck you Jane". "How do you like my big black cock?" I kept thrusting with force then Jane's pussy tightened around my cock and I let lose a flowing river of cum inside her. She screamed "FILL ME UP" and I did, not departing from her warm pussy until every last bit of semen had left my body. I dropped on top of her, exhausted, and then she got up and pulled her trousers up and told us to fix ourselves up.

Before she opened the door and let us go, she said she wanted to see both of us much more. I winked as did Crystal and we went to Lunch...

More to come but thats for another story, tell me what you thought. Thanks.