 Dating a coworker was never a good idea. Hank had learned this numerous times before, no matter how many times he'd tried it had blown up in his face. Mimi had cheated on him and then blamed him for pushing her away. Rachel kept saying she wanted more but shied away whenever he tried to kiss her and Heather wanted nothing but sex. 

He didn't know why all of these women blamed him, he was always nice to them and tried to treat them respectfully but it didn't matter, once they had broken up work became unbearable until they inevitably quit or found a new man. So when Jess started to show interest in him he did everything to push her away. He tried to focus on work, openly hit on other women in front of her and even declined numerous offers to hang out. Hank was convinced if he kept on going it would get his point across but he couldn't help being attracted to her. 

Jess was funny, kind of a goof and beautiful, she was exactly his type and from what she had told him of her exes he was hers, a husky nerd. Jess must have realized that he was struggling to resist her because her shirts started to become lower cut and she went from always wearing jeans to wearing shorts and skirts. 

Hank almost broke one night at a work party, the company had made a donation to a charity and had sent a number of representatives to the ceremony including Hank and Jess. Hank showed up in a suit and found Jess wearing a strapless red dress that showed as much cleavage as it could. The two of them spent the night together as they didn't know anyone else at the event. When they were seated for dinner Jess took the spot next to him and spent the night telling jokes and constantly putting her hand on his thigh under the table. Hank tried his best to hide his erection but there wasn't much he could do. Just when he thought he would break she got the call that her ride was there to get her. Hank breathed a sigh of relief and walked her to the door where she gave him a kiss on the cheek and they said goodnight. 

Hank's whole attempt to keep Jess at arm's length came to a head about a week later after work. Hank always got out an hour after Jess once he'd closed up the office. Today he came out to find the parking lot empty except for their two cars and Jess standing by his car waiting for him. 

"Hey," said Hank, "what are you still doing here?"

"Waiting for you," said Jess as she looked up at him, "do you have a minute?"

"Of course," said Hank, "is everything ok?"

"I just wanted to," said Jess as she walked up to him, "I can't do this anymore."

Jess pulled Hank's face down to hers and pressed her lips to his. 

"Tell me you haven't been waiting for that," said Jess desperately, "tell me you haven't thought about me."

He couldn't lie, he had been thinking about her, he had been thinking about her as a friend, and as more than a friend and yes he'd also thought about her sexually. She was gorgeous but she never carried herself like that. He had been thinking about this for a while, and since the charity event it had become unbearable. But how could he express that, how could he say all of that without tripping over his words. He looked down at her begging him to say something and kissed her. 

He pulled her to him as close as he could and pressed his tongue into her mouth and she greeted him with hers. After a kiss that seemed to go on forever but was over too soon Hank finally let her go and they caught their breath as they looked into each other's eyes. 

"That was exactly the answer I was looking for," said Jess. "My place tonight," she said handing him a slip of paper with her address on it. 

Hank stood in disbelief as Jess got in her car and drove away. Hank finally got into his car and felt his pants struggling to hold his erection so alone in the empty parking lot he tugged one out and went home to get ready. 

Hank went through outfits, what to wear, he finally decided on a button down shirt and jeans. Then he paced waiting until he psyched himself up enough to go, any thoughts about why he shouldn't were completely forgotten.

Hank got to her apartment and ran up the walkway, got buzzed in and then ran up the stairs to her apartment. He didn't like running and he wasn't any good at it but he seemed to be flying. He had barely knocked on the door when it flew open. There she was, standing at about 5' 5" almost a foot shorter then him wearing a low cut black lace top under which was a black bra. She also wore a flowing skirt that came down to her knees and the knee high black combat boots she always wore, her curly blonde hair framing her face. 

Nothing needed to be said, she was in his arms in not time and their lips were locked as Hank pushed the door shut behind him. They kissed for what seemed like hours their hands running up and down each other's backs. Hank felt Jess begin to unbutton his shirt and he began to unbutton her top as they kept their lips locked. Jess pulled off Hank's shirt before shrugging off hers and again she was in his arms, his hands running down the soft porcelain skin of her back. As they embraced he felt her bra pressed up against him and tried to unclasp it.

"It's a front clasp," said Jess between kisses as she reached up and undid the clasp. 

The bra spread but stopped still covering the breasts he needed to see. Hank reached up and slid the cups off of her breasts and cupped them in his hands, they were perfect, and just big enough to fill his hands with small pink nipples. Hank leaned down and kissed the soft skin above her breasts, then in between them as he gave them a soft squeeze and one on each nipple before she pulled his face back up to hers and kissed him. Hank grabbed Jess' small ass and lifted her into his arms as she wrapped her legs around him and carried her towards the bedroom. 

He laid her down on the bed and kissed her neck as she sighed and ran her fingers through his hair. Hanks reached down and grabbed her hips as he kissed down her chest, between her breasts and down to her skirt. He slid his fingers into her skirt and slide it down off her tiny waist and tossed it off the floor. Hanks knelt at the edge of the bed and gently pushed Jess' legs apart revealing the black satin panties she was wearing. He leaned in and kissed the wet spot on her panties and ran his hands up her legs to her panties and began to slowly pull them off. Jess lay on the bed staring at the ceiling as Hank leaned in and licked her wet pussy. Hank alternated between long slow sucking and quick licking on Jess who sighed and writhed on the bed. As Jess approached climax Hank held her waist in place so she couldn't roll away from him. Hank slowly slid his hands up Jess' sides and grasped her breasts as her back arch and she let out a long moan. 

Hank got to his feet and Jess looked up at him through half opened eyes as she sat up. Jess reached for Hank's waist and deftly undid his belt and pants. Hank pulled his pants and boxers off together and stood naked before Jess who reached up and grasped is dick stroking it softly. Jess leaned forward and took hank's tip in her mouth and started to lick while she stroked him. As Hank's erection grew to its full length Jess began to take more of him in her mouth. Jess looked up at Hank and locked eyes with him as she took him into her mouth as far as she could a few times before she took him out of her mouth and laid back on the bed spreading her legs. 

Hank pressed his tip against her as she bit her lip looking up at him as he slowly entered her. Jess clung to the sheets and moaned as she took him all the way in the first time. As she wrapped her legs around him Hank pulled almost all the way out before pushing back in and leaned forward over Jess who reached up and grasped his shoulders to pull him closer. Hank leaned in and buried his face in Jess' neck and kissed her as he began to quicken his pace. He gave one of her breasts a squeeze and held on as she moaned into his ear. Hank used his free hand to rub Jess' wet clit while he continued to pump into her and Hank felt her nails dig into his back as she moaned and mouthed incomprehensible words. He stood up and pulled out of Jess who laid catching her breath for a bit before she got on all fours and backed her small ass up to Hank. 

Hank slid himself into back into Jess who wiggled her hips as she slid back and forth on his dick. Hanks grasped her waist with both hands and she stopped wiggling and held still as he started to push himself deep into her a few times. After a few slow thrusts Hank began to go faster and Jess' breasts swayed back and forth. Hank reached forwards and cupped both of Jess' breasts and pulled Jess up onto her knees so her back was against his chest. He grabbed her waist with one hand as he continued to hump her while squeezing one of her soft breasts while she reached back and pulled his head down into her neck. Hank humped Jess as quickly as she could and she moaned loudly before collapsing forward onto the bed her ass in the air. 

Jess lay on the sheets he blonde locks matted against her face and her delicate breasts resting on the sheets, Hank still deep inside her. Hank was about to bust and seeing Jess like this only served to push him closer. After a few more thrusts he pulled out and Jess rolled over exposing herself to the blast of cum he shot on her breasts and stomach. 

Jess got up and walked towards the bathroom in a daze as Hank laid down on the bed. A few moments later Jess emerged cleaned up and cuddled up next to him giving him a kiss before resting her head on his chest.

Sleep took Hank almost instantly and after a dreamless sleep he awoke to find Jess still cuddled up on him. What had he done, sure it was amazing but what now? Before Hank could make a move to leave Jess looked up at him. 

"Jess," he started but she put a finger to his mouth.

The small blonde girl climbed on top of him and slid down onto his morning wood. Hank looked up at this goddess and she took his hands and put them on her breasts as she gyrated her hips on him. Hank squeezed them gently and let her ride him as she wanted to, enjoying the sensation. Hank slid his hands down her body to her waist and held her as he started to thrust up into her. Jess closed her eyes and her mouth hung open as she let out soft moans. As Hank quickened his pace Jess leaned forward onto his chest. Jess looked up at him as she approached climax locking her eyes with his as she came. 

"Jess," moaned Hank.

Jess sat up and slid off of Hank giving him a few strokes before he busts all over her hand. 

Jess laid back down next to him paying no attention to her jizz covered hand. Maybe this time would be different he thought.