 DAY THREE

I strode into work confidently that day. Cumming all over a co-worker tends to have that effect. I walked over to my desk; Trista was already sitting at her desk and looked up at me with that naughty little smile of hers. I pictured our time in the warehouse yesterday and got an erection almost instantly. Though I had never actually seen her naked, it felt as if we had sex; it was so erotic. 

She saw my dick bulging through my jeans and giggled, "Only 9:00 and you're already this horny. Boy, it's going to be a long day for you, huh?" 

I returned the chuckle, "Seeing you, I can't help but get hard." 

"Well, I'll be pretty busy, today. I doubt we can have another play time."

Visibly disappointed, I sat down. "Aww, you sure know how to make a girl feel wanted," she smiled and continued on with her work.

Just then, my intercom buzzed and Cassie's voice came through, "Greg, could you come see me in my office, please?"

Trista looked over her glasses at me, "Has someone been a bad boy?" The way she drew the words out made more blood flow to my cock. 

"I think we both know the answer to that question," I winked at her. Trista still had no idea that I had video footage of our boss, Cassie, masturbating and watching porn. There was no reason to tell her.

"Be right in," I said back over the intercom.

As I told Cassie the last time I saw her, I had thought more about what she would have to do to get me to delete the video. I closed the door as I walked in to her office. Turning around, I smiled at her. "So, we need to talk, Greg," Cassie started. "I had accounting put your raise through, so I think it's more than fair that you delete that video, now." 

She stared at me, waiting for an answer. "I appreciate the raise, Cassie, but do you know what's really nice in the workplace? Perks." I reached over and locked the door. 

I looked her up and down, though she had a slight figure, her breasts were proportionally large. Her face was flawless, without a single blemish. I'd gotten lost, admiring it in meetings before. Her brown hair was just the right combination of frizzy and curly and it was let down today, I imagine because of her worry about the video. 

She looked confused, and seemed to not understand that I meant sexual perks. 

"What I'm saying is I'd like to have a look at those tits of yours." She bolted up from her seat, looking shocked. Her little mouth opened as wide as she could open it. 

"You're married!" she gasped. "...And I have a boyfriend," she continued. "This is completely unprofessional! I'll not have one of my employees sexually harassing me. This job is not worth enduring that type of violation!" She was outraged and unintentionally puffed out her chest. God, it turned me on. Her tits strained the fabric around them. I followed the seams of her blouse down with my eyes to the sides to her narrow little waist, which gave way to sizable hips. She had on a little black, pencil skirt that hugged her hips tight and I could see the outline of her panties on the side. 

"Oh, but remember, it isn't just this job that would be ruined for you because of this video. Keep your perspective, now. Your career would be ruined. Your boyfriend that you seem so worried about would not be happy that you don't seem to find him satisfying enough. Your family would disown you. Your friends would be appalled. And I have a lot more basis for claiming that you sexually harassed me, than the other way around. So, I would think long and hard about how much you want a normal life. I'll even give you a chance to think about it. At lunch time, you will call me into your office, and you will tell me whether you want to accept my offer or not. And it will involve more than just looking." 

With that, I approached her, slowly, as she backed up toward the filing cabinets behind her. She stopped as she was pushed up against the cabinets and I slowly put my hands on the cabinets on either side of her, looking down at her. "I promise, you'll look back on your life a year from now and be glad you didn't choose to ruin it, forever. Besides, I'll satisfy you in ways your boyfriend never could." I slowly combed my fingers through her sexy, brown hair, and backed up toward the doorway. 

Her makeup was smeared as she was quietly crying. The tears only made her flawless skin shimmer more and I wanted to play with her right there, but I wanted to make her choose to have me take her. Taking in her sexy body one more time, I turned and left, returning to my desk. 

ANOTHER REWARD FROM TRISTA

After having been at my desk for a while, I heard the radio in Cassie's office turn on. I found it hard to believe she was working, but perhaps she was trying to distract herself from her present predicament. 

Trista looked over at me after rolling her eyes. "Man, I hate her stupid music. I'm never going to get anything done with this playing. Any chance you can work your magic again?" 

"It depends, what's in it for me this time?" I retorted. I had higher standards this time, since things were looking up for me. 

"How about an encore of our little session yesterday?" she said with big eyes. Admittedly that sounded excellent. The thought of coating her, up and down, in my warm cum made my dick so hard it hurt. But I wanted to push for more. 

"That sounds nice. But, how about we get a little more adventurous?" She looked conflicted and bit her lip. Even when she wasn't trying, she oozed sexuality. "I don't know. I thought about it some more. I mean you are married. I don't know how much further I want to take this." I waited on edge as she thought some more. "OK. Since you're being so patient, I have an idea. How sure are you that you can get the radio turned off, again?" 

"100% positive," I replied confidently. 

"Then, turn it off and meet me in the supply closet."

"You got it," I eagerly replied. We both got up and I quickly walked to Cassie's office. 

I tried to turn the knob on Cassie's door, but it was locked. I knocked on the door, "Cassie, it's Greg." After a few seconds, I heard a click and she opened the door slowly. I walked right past her and over to the radio. Clicking it off, I said, "Sorry, but some of us are distracted by this." As I started back toward the door and caught a glance of her computer. I couldn't believe what I saw, she had been looking at porn again! 

I looked from it to her and she shrugged. "I can't get in a worse situation, so why not enjoy myself, right?" she said, looking flustered. She must have been really into it when I came in. This excited me, but I didn't have time for it right now.

"I like your attitude, sweet tits. I'd like to hear that later." She looked like she had something to say, but I was too eager to see what Trista had in store. Instead of waiting to hear what she had to say, I walked out, spanking her ass on the way out. She flinched, but she didn't say anything as my hand lingered and squeezed her left cheek. 

Briskly walking out, I felt like a million bucks. I had my control freak of a boss right where I wanted. It was only a matter of time until she would have to give in to me, sexually. I paused as I arrived in front of the supply room closet. My dick swelled, again, as I thought of what Trista would be into. Aside from her grinding me while giving me a lap dance, we still had not physically touched. I was hoping that would change now. What I would give to take her from behind. 

I promptly went inside, then locked the door. The lights were off, but I knew she was inside and waited for her to tell me what to do. It was thrilling. 

"So, I remembered part of an old Halloween costume I had in the trunk of my car and thought it would be a fun little addition. Why don't you turn on the lights?" Reaching over, I hit the lights and could think of only a few things which I would have rather looked up to. She had cleared off the old desk sitting in the middle of the room and was sitting on top of it with her legs stretched across its length. She was wearing black fishnets stockings that hugged her legs all the way up to her black lace panties. The fishnet must have been from the old costume. Her white blouse was completely unbuttoned, though each side covered most of her tits, I could see that she didn't have a bra on! 

It was all I could do to contain myself from pouncing on her there and then. I almost came right there at the thought of getting to see her tits. My wife's tits are great, but the thrill of seeing another pair for the first time in a long time was invigorating. Sure, I had cum all over her yesterday, but somehow this was different. She may be exposing herself even more to me. She had let her hair down from the her high ponytail, but kept her horn-rimmed glasses on. 

"Why don't you join me up here?" she teased. She grabbed a flap of her blouse and tugged it over her breast, hiding more of her chest from me. As I took a step toward her, however, she gently fanned it out, then quickly back in, almost flashing me her whole breast. Closing it back, she buttoned one button to keep the flaps closed for now, then rolled on her side facing me. As I arrived at the side of the desk, she put a finger on my chest, stopping me. "You won't be needing those," she drug her finger down my chest and continued to my jeans, brushing the outside around my dick. 

Eagerly, I unbuckled my belt and took my jeans down to the floor, along with my boxers. My cock flapped out and bounced around, looking thick as ever. It may be that it had never been bigger than that moment, for all I knew. She then rolled onto her back from her side and unbuttoned the one button holding her blouse together. "Now you can join," she said as she brushed her hair out of her face. 

Before I did, I took it all in. Rather than the boots she had last time, she didn't have on any shoes, her bare feet and painted nails showing through the mesh. I traced the fishnet stockings up to her black panties. The panties were tight around her, accentuating her hips and bridging across her front. From there all she had on was her white blouse which, at this point, was barely covering her breasts. It was completely unbuttoned and ready to be thrown to the side, exposing her perky, perfect tits. What she had in mind, I didn't know, but at this point I climbed up and straddled her hips. 

As I did so, my dick settled on her midriff, right below her navel. Feeling her smooth and flat skin against my cock was so amazing. She smiled up at me. Slowly she pulled back her blouse from each breast. I almost came right there. They were magnificent. Even laying on her back, they stood up, perky and pronounced. "Wanna have some fun, big boy?" she winked.

She grabbed my cock and pulled up seductively. Using my knees, I slid up on her, perching myself just below her tits. She gave my dick a firm squeeze. It was amazing. Feeling a hand other than my wife's on my dick was so intense. Her small hand made my dick look even bigger. It was so smooth and she had such a perfect grip. Then, she pushed my cock in between her tits and smiled. She was going to have me fuck her tits! 

She squeezed her tits around my dick, "Whenever you're ready..." I placed my hands down on the desk on either side of her head. Slowly, I pulled backwards through her tits, marveling at the sensation. They were so big, I was almost encased in her perky tits. Quicker, I pushed forward through them again. There were few things better. I pulled back through. The pressure she was applying by pushing her tits around me was amazing. 

Thrusting through, again, I needed to take control. Lifting my hands, I pushed her hands away and grabbed her tits myself. She gasped in surprise, but quickly smiled again. Pressing her tits firmly on either side of my cock, I pulled back and thrust again. Trista put her head back, closed her eyes, and her mouth parted in enjoyment. Again, and faster, I continued to fuck her tits. Pressing them firmly against my shaft, I fucked harder and faster. She started to gasp and moan. "Oh, god. It feels so good." It must have been a new sensation to her as well. I saw her arm moving and stole a quick glance behind my back to her legs. Her hand was in her panties, massaging her clit.

She continued to moan and writhe between my legs. Barely able to contain myself, I started to gasp. My dick moved rhythmically through her tits. Up and down, up and down. I could feel I was almost ready to burst. I put my head back, ready to enjoy the orgasm. I suddenly felt her weight shift under me. I heard Trista say, "Fuck it!" as she wrapped her hand around my shaft and brought her head up to it. Pressing it firmly up against her lips, she hesitated, considering taking my cock into her mouth. I couldn't take it. I was so close! 

"Just take it!" I almost shouted, grabbing the back of her head. She opened her mouth and I plunged my length down her throat. She sat up as best she could, attempting not to gag. So close to finishing. I felt her throat tight around my cock. I pulled back and used my leverage on the back of her head to fuck her mouth. It only took a few thrusts before I felt myself begin to unload. I held her head tight against my front, her lips wrapped tightly around my base with my whole cock inside of her. I shot hot cum straight down her throat and she coughed on my dick as I did so. She waited until I was done, however, and I slowly pulled back out of her mouth. Her lips stayed wrapped around my shaft until every inch was completely out of her mouth. 

She gasped for air while I pulled my dick completely out, trailing cum onto her chest. Finally, she laid her head back on the desk, panting and trying to catch her breath. "How's that for adventurous, big man?" she gasped. 

I was almost ready to pass out from such an intense orgasm. "I have to say, my cock felt right at home in your throat," I said smiling. Slowly, I dismounted her and began to put my pants back on. 

She sat up, "Well now that that music is off, I can get some work done. Though, to be honest, I'm all worked up now. I need to finish myself off so, if you don't mind?" she said signaling toward the door. She was going to masturbate in the supply closet. I wanted to try and get her to let me stay and watch, but I checked my watch and it was almost noon. I had a previous engagement to attend to, so I laughed, nodded and left her in there to get some release.

LUNCH TIME

Cassie would soon be calling me into her office, as I had told her. I had gotten no work done so far today. Even though I had already titty fucked Trista and cum down her throat, I could feel my dick ready to get hard just waiting to hear from Cassie. Trista returned to her desk and Cassie had still not called me in.

Finally I heard my intercom buzz, "Greg, could you please come in my office, please?" Trista looked up as I popped up from my seat, "Is something going on?" she asked. I looked over at her, her hair was frizzled from our fun earlier. I peered down her blouse as I processed my answer. 

"Not that I know of," I responded. 

She noticed me staring at her chest as I was talking to her. "Just because you've had your dick in my mouth doesn't mean you don't need to keep eye contact," she flicked me while I stood next to her. 

She seemed pseudo-serious, but we exchanged smiles as I walked back toward Cassie's office. 

The door was opened for me, so I walked in and locked the door behind me. She was sitting silently in her chair. She was still in her white blouse and black pencil skirt. "So, what's your decision?" I asked, leaning up against the wall near the door. 

She looked up at me, "If getting you off is what's going to get you to delete this video, then fine. I got myself into this situation. We're not doing anything fucked up though." 

I laughed and sat down in a chair in front of her desk, ready to get started. "I've already had a little bit of a work out today, so I'm going to tell you what to do and you're going to do it."

"In here? Right now?" she hesitated, but still approached. 

"Yes, right here and now," I commanded. She bowed her head as she stood in front of me. "First, take off your shirt and bra." 

Her face turned bright red. Embarrassed, she started unbuttoning her blouse from the top down. I started to get hard watching her undress for me. Her hands shook as she undid each button, getting more and more reluctant as she reached the bottom. Finally, when she reached the bottom, she looked up at me, keeping her head down. 

"Have fun with it Cassie. I certainly am," I encouraged her. She pushed the blouse over her shoulder and let it fall to the floor. Her brown hair was in front of her covering most of her blue, polka-dotted bra. She reached behind her back and unsnapped her bra. After holding onto it for a moment, she dropped it to the floor as well. She stood in front of me, humiliated, with her hair covering still covering her perky looking tits. She was looking at the ground, ashamed, as I quickly and quietly snapped a picture of her. 

She looked like a work of art, standing there in her tight black skirt, topless with her hair flowing over her breasts. I might have thought she was a model in a photo-shoot. "Wow. You have an amazing body. How about you flip that hair back and show me that rack of yours?" 

Using her right, then left hand, she flipped each side revealing a pair of amazing and ample breasts.

"Now, why don't you help me get these off," I stood up, indicating my jeans. Keeping her head down, she knelt down in front of me. She began to unbuckle my belt and pull it loose. Then, she slowly, almost dreadfully, unzipped my pants. "Look at me while you're undressing me. I want to see your pretty face," I hoped that by complimenting her she would get more into it. Although, there was also something incredibly arousing about having her do these things that she very obviously did not want to be doing. 

Cassie looked up into my eyes as she grabbed both my jeans and boxers. She pulled down on them. As she pulled them past my crotch, my cock popped out and came closed to smacking her in the face. She flinched and almost fell backwards. I laughed and surprisingly, she joined me in laughing. Perhaps the ice had begun to be broken and she was accepting the reality of the situation. 

"Now what, Greg?" 

"While you're pleasing me, you should address me as 'master,'" I smiled. I was really beginning to enjoy this awesome power I had over her. 

"OK. What would you like me to do now, master?" She looked up at me with those big eyes of hers and I knew exactly the things I wanted to do to her. 

"We're gonna get my dick nice and wet so I can fuck you. Get on your desk and lay on your back." I pushed everything off her desk in one sweeping motion. I'm sure it made a lot of noise but I didn't care. 

I watched Cassie's ass in that tight skirt of hers as she climbed on and laid down. Once she was laying on her back, I circled around to the end where her head was. I could see her shivering in anticipation. I grabbed her under her arms and pulled her until her head was hanging over the end of the desk. She shut her eyes and I saw her swallow. 

"Open your eyes and look up at your master, bitch." She was back to being scared again and I think I liked it. It was thrilling. She laid there topless and looked up at me. "Now open that little mouth of yours so I can get my dick nice and wet." 

She opened up her mouth and watched my dick as it approached. Gently at first, I slid the head of my cock into her mouth. There wasn't much room in there, but that wouldn't matter. With both hands, I grabbed either side of her head and pushed my dick down into her throat until her lips rested at my hilt. 

For the second time today, my dick was in a mouth other than my wife's and it felt so amazing. This feeling of control, disobedience, and sensuality all at once was such an incredible high. I didn't need to care about whether Cassie enjoyed it, all that mattered was that I did, and that's all that she cared about, too. I pulled back and thrust my length down into her throat, again. I could see bulge in her throat where my cock sat. I pulled back and fucked her mouth again and again. With each thrust, I could see my cock swell her throat. Like with Trista, I could feel her throat around my cock and it was amazing 
