 My wife has the bad habit of forgetting the bag of possessions she takes with her to work. I got a call one morning with my wife pleading for me to drop by her office and drop off the bag. I drove to my wife's office and my wife let me in. There is a co-worker of my wife's named Beth. She has a crush on me. My wife laughs saying that Beth wishes I were her husband.

When I walked into the office, sure enough, Beth came over and began to talk to me. She is always smiling and laughing whenever we meet there. I gave my wife her bag and I told her I needed to use the restroom before I left. I went in and took a piss and then I walked out. I was just heading to the door to go out when I heard someone whisper my name.

"Ethen."

I looked down the hallway and there stood Beth. She was motioning for me to walk down to where she stood. I wondered what was going on, but I walked down to where she was. Beth was standing at the doorway of one of the conference rooms. She took hold of my arm and pulled me inside. Beth then locked the door to the room. The lights were all turned off inside the room and the blinds were drawn. There was just enough light to see each other.

Beth pulled me over to the conference table and she had me sit on the edge. Beth then knelt down and started tugging on my pants zipper. I wondered what the hell was going on. Beth reached in and managed to pull my dick free of my underwear. Beth started to stroke my dick up and down with her hand. I couldn't believe what was happening. If someone wanted to use that room I hated to think what would happen.

After a few minutes of stroking me Beth stood up. She pulled her top off and removed her bra. I failed to mention that Beth had these huge breasts. She had to be at least a D cup in size. Beth took her tits in her hands and began to rub my dick with them. I have a seven inch cock, but it got lost between all that flesh. I got hard in short order. I looked at Beth and saw she had a crazed look in her eyes. 

Beth then pulled away and she lowered her mouth to my erect pole. She slid her lips all the way down to the root of my rod and was sucking me. My wife doesn't like to suck cock these days. She says she doesn't like the taste. Beth had no problem taking my cock in her mouth. She was working down all the way to the bottom and then sliding her lips back up to the crown. 

Beth then reached out with her hand and started to massage my ball sacs. That always gets me so worked up. It took just a few minutes before I thought I was going to pop. I didn't know if I should tell Beth this, but she didn't seem like she was going to stop. I thrust my dick down her throat and I exploded. Beth didn't pull off or stop sucking me. I watched as she drank my sticky load down.

I had a lot of cream stored up and Beth took every drop of me. When it seemed like I didn't have any more to give Beth, she pulled off of me. There was cum running down her chin and cum at the corners of her mouth. Beth got up and went over to where a box of tissues were on the table. I watched as she cleaned her face off. It seemed we were finished so we quickly got dressed. Beth walked me to the door and she peeked out.

She motioned for me to leave quickly. Before I walked out she slipped me a piece of paper. I walked out and left the building. I had to walk all the way around the place hoping no one had seen me leave from that conference room. I got into my car and had to catch my breath. I looked down at the paper Beth gave. There was Beth's name and a phone number written on it. There was also a sentence on the paper.

"I need you to fuck me Ethen."

My head was spinning from what had just happened. My wife had lost interest in sex lately. There was always some excuse she gave. If I took Beth up on her offer I had no idea how things would work out. I got home and remembered what Beth and I had done. The more I thought about it I knew I needed to fuck Beth. Later that night when my wife was asleep I call the phone number. Beth answered and said she had hoped I would call her.

We ended up making plans to meet that Saturday. I knew of a motel that was along the old interstate road system. Lovers got a cheap room there so they could have sex. Saturday came and I told my wife I was going out to look for a new pair of shoes. It was the only excuse I could come up with in such short notice.

Beth was waiting for me in the parking lot when I arrived. I went in and rented a room and got the key. When we got inside Beth and I quickly stripped down. We were on the bed in moments and I was on top of her. There was no buildup or foreplay. I took my cock in my hand and guided it to Beth's wet pussy. Beth's pubic hair was all shaved down for me. I slipped my dick in between her folds and entered her.

Beth's pussy gobbled my dick up. She was greedy for cock, that much was for sure. I was quickly pumping my rod into her love tunnel. Beth urged me to fuck her hard and not to stop. I didn't need any urging. I wanted Beth really bad by this point and the feeling was mutual. I must have fucked her a good half hour before we flipped over and Beth was on top of me. I reached up and took a tit in each of my hands.

Beth's nipples were large and saucer shaped. I took the palms of my hands and pressed them against her nipples. Her nipples got hard in short order. Beth was slamming down onto my shaft. Her pussy muscles were clamped down tight around my dick. This was some of the best fucking I had experienced in a long time. Beth reached back with her hand and found my nut sacs. She started to squeeze my nuts just like she had in the office.

That sort of thing always brought me to a hot boil. I tried to avoid cumming, but I couldn't hold back any longer. I brought my ass up from the bed and I shot my sticky load into Beth's pussy. You should have heard the noises Beth made as she felt me hosing her tummy. We had to have fucked a good twenty minutes more until I felt I was empty. Beth pulled off of me and then got up and went to the small bathroom. When Beth got back she said she wanted more from me.

I didn't think I could get hard again so soon. Beth used her mouth on me and my dick got stiff rather quickly. This time I had Beth get on all fours. Her big tits were touching the sheets as I entered her from behind. I was able to enter her easily. My cum was still coating her pussy walls. I ended up pounding her harder this time around if that were possible. Beth tightened her muscles around my erection and we went at it once more.

I was able to go much longer this time around. Beth seemed like she couldn't get enough of my cock. I told her she was all mine now. No one else was allowed to fuck her. That made Beth go nuts. 

"I am totally yours Ethen, I need your cum in me."

She was right about that much. Beth needed my cum in the worst way. This was going to be some wild fucking if this continued. Beth managed to squirt her juices on me as we fucked in the doggy position. She coated me with her sticky cream. I just lost control when I felt that and I gave her more of my cum load. I didn't think I had it in me, but I proved myself wrong. I blasted Beth with more of my loving.

I kept my cock inside Beth until I finally got soft. Afterwards we rested on the bed and kissed and held each other. Beth then told me her husband couldn't get it up any more. Between that and Beth having this passion for being my lover it looked like we would be fucking for some time to come. 

We made some plans to try and meet on the weekends at some cheap motels like the one we were at now. We ended up leaving and I drove home. My wife questioned me about the shoes. I told her I didn't find the style I wanted or that the stores didn't have my size. Luckily she didn't press me to hard. I was spent from all that fucking with Beth.

I don't know how this is all going to play out, but I know I need to keep fucking Beth for as long as I can.