 THE BEGINNING

It's mine and my wife's last year in college and, hopefully, this is the last part-time job that I'll have before graduation. It's a smaller company with not too many employees. My name's Greg and I do web design work and, while it's pretty boring, I get paid pretty good for a part time job. Since starting, I've gotten along pretty well with the 8 people that work here.

I came in today and got started on my work. I was pretty tired from being up late the night before. Across from my desk, in front of me, was the hottest woman in the office, Trista. I don't normal ogle anyone other than my wife, but my energy level was affecting my reasoning abilities. 

Trista is only a few years older than me at 27 compared to my 22. She looks sort of like a rocker. With dark, horn rimmed, glasses she might have seemed like a hipster a first glance, but after engaging with her, she definitely didn't talk like she was pretentious or anything. It's a pretty casual office, so the button-ups she wears are usually buttoned down a few notches. This presents an issue for a married man like myself, since her large and perky breasts press outward presenting a fair amount of cleavage. 

Today was no exception, as she wore a white button-up blouse and the capris she was wearing hugged her tight little ass like nothing else. I would peer over as she would occasionally lean down over her desk, exposing the tops of her luscious breasts. She had her sleek black hair pulled back into a pony tail and twirled it around next to her head every once and a while. 

"How was the concert you saw over the weekend?" I asked, trying to make some small talk. 

"It was great," she said. "It was totally free entrance and the people there weren't totally out of control. Everyone was pretty chill for how much alcohol there was and everything."

"Sounds like a fun time," I smiled at her as I remarked. She smiled back and winked at me. What did that mean? I thought to myself. Could that be something sexual, or just a friendly wink? Oh God, there's no way I could resist trying to find out. I needed to know, if only just to stroke my ego. 

At lunch, I went into the break room and she was there. She was turned away from me, so she must not have seen me come in. I saw from behind she reached into her shirt and adjusted her bra. She was looking down at her chest at something, but I couldn't tell from behind. Her ass in those capris looked so amazing, I quickly got out my phone. I took a picture of her ass, then quickly put it away. I stepped loudly on the floor so she would know I was in the room. She turned around, alarmed, and I saw what she was looking at. Her shirt was soaked in water and I could now see her bra through her shirt. Along with that she had unbuttoned a few more buttons to get the water that had gone down her blouse. 

"You'll have to excuse me, I'm a mess right now," she said, perhaps not realizing I could see through her shirt and a little more of her chest. "Do you think you could get me some more paper towels from the supply closet? I don't want to have to walk through the office like this and have everyone see how clumsy I am."

I laughed and said jokingly, "Oh I suppose I could do it for a price." 

She moved her hand to her blouse buttons, smiling as she did it, "I think I might be able to arrange something like that." Instantly, I felt my eyes widen and cock start to harden. She must have seen my reaction, because her smile grew wider. I didn't know what to say, since she knew I was married. All I could say was, "Well since you're the one who needs something, it should be you who proposes the deal." 

"Well... I'll take my shirt off for you if you go get me something to dry off with. Don't worry, it's not like we're even doing anything." 

"Where will you take it off for me at? What if someone comes in?" I asked. I was nervous; I could get in serious trouble for this. 

"I guess you'd better hurry, then." With that, I decided to do it. The thought of seeing Trista strip her shirt for me was too good to pass up. It's not like I'd be doing anything, just doing her a favor and sticking around for a second to make sure she gets all dry.

I walked briskly there and back, retrieving a roll of towels. I quickly came back in the break room, then panicked when she wasn't where I left her. Suddenly the door shut behind me and she emerged from behind where the door had been open. 

"Sorry, I didn't want to just be standing in the open if someone were to come in," she smiling, knowing the anxiety I had at the moment. "Thank you very much Greg. Now you can have your reward." Trista turned around and I watched from behind as she slowly unbuttoned her blouse. Once she finished she slowly pulled it down, exposing her near bare back to me. Turning her head around first, she slowly turned around to face me. 

It was even better than I anticipated, her perky breasts nearly caused her black lace bra to overflow. The lace came down to nearly where her sweet nipples must've been, allowing me to get an even fuller view of her gorgeous tits. She let me take in the view for what could have been 5 minutes or 5 seconds to me before saying, "OK, I think that's enough." She than walked over to the counter and began to dry off and put her blouse back on. I just watched and admired her every move. My brain was totally fried, I couldn't think. My dick was hard as a rock and nearly cut through my jeans. 

She smiled as she turned toward the door and laughed as she said, "Maybe next time I'll let you take a picture." My heart almost burst. The possibility of something like this happening again made me ecstatic. I quickly left after her and returned to my desk, where I worked the rest of day, periodically sneaking a peek over at Trista's perfect breasts. 

DAY TWO

After having seen Trista's strip, I couldn't have been more excited to get to work. I didn't know if it would happen again, but I had high hopes. 

Our boss liked to have the radio on in her office sometimes and it always annoyed everyone. She played the most loud, obnoxious music and it was so hard to concentrate with it on. Today, after obvious frustration with the music playing, Trista came over to my desk. She leaned over right in front of me with one of her button-up blouses again. It looked like she was wearing a red bra this time. 

"I have an offer for you," she whispered. "If you can make that radio stop, you'll get an even better show than yesterday." 

Getting that radio off would be no easy task, I stalled as I continued to take in the luscious tits in front of me. "What exactly does that entail?" I asked, "It's not going to be easy, you know." 

Luckily there are no other desks on our side of the partition, because Trista unbuttoned her blouse a few more notches and my mouth dropped. It wasn't a bra she was wearing. She had a lace up corset on underneath her blouse. "I've got this and even more down below to show you today." I pulled myself together and agreed. 

After I gave myself time to lose my massive erection, I got up and walked toward my bosses office. Walking briskly enough that I could continue to walk by without suspicion, as I saw she wasn't in her office, I quickly stepped inside. I saw her radio and quickly walked over to it. I need to make sure it doesn't turn back on, I thought to myself. I saw the cord plugged into the wall and had an idea. I could cut the cord, but tape it over, so it would look like it was not tampered with. All I could think about were Trista's sweet tits and the possibility of getting to see her tight ass. 

Suddenly I heard a noise and my boss's voice from the hall and I had to act quick. I jumped behind a couple standing filing cabinets as I heard her enter and shut the door. She sighed as she sat down at her desk and got on her computer. If she turned around, she would undoubtedly see me and I'd be screwed. I silently waited as she sat on her computer. Suddenly a video popped up on her screen that I could tell was not from a savory website.

She slowly began touching caressing her crotch as she cupped her breast. She was watching porn! I quickly got out my phone and snapped some pictures. I then switched to video and started filming from behind and boldly moved around in front of her. "Hi Cassie," I said boldly and with a smile. Her head snapped up and her eyes widened as she knew she had been busted. "Turn that thing off!" she demanded. I quickly stopped the recording, since I had what I needed, and backed up the video to my cloud storage. 

"Delete that or you're fired!" she demanded again. Good god she was looking fine. Her blouse was unbuttoned down to her tits and her skirt was hiked up almost to her pussy. "Come on now, you know I'm the one who's in the position to be making demands. For right now, turn your stupid radio off, and I'll let you know what I decide to do with this," I said, pointing to my phone.

She started to say something, then I opened the door and walked out. I heard the click of the radio turning off and smiled victoriously. I whistled casually as I walked into mine and Trista's section of the office. Trista smiled over at me, "That was quick," she commented. "Meet me in the warehouse at 5 o'clock." 

I hesitated. "My wife expects me home not long after 5, Trista." 

"Well then you're going to have to make a choice, then, aren't you?" she responded sternly. She watched me as I considered her offer. Slowly, she unbuttoned a button on her blouse. Tugging on her shirt, I could see the very top of her cleavage. She reached for the next one, circling around it with her finger. She pushed it through with her thumb and pulled down again. I could see the tops of her tits now. They were so smooth and round. So pleasantly perky. It was hard to think rationally at this point.

She brought her finger up to her lips and kissed it. Slowly she parted her lips around her finger and sucked it into her mouth. She delicately took it in and out of her mouth; in and out. It quickly became glistening with her saliva. I couldn't resist, I had to see more. 

"Yeah, I can be late, I'll figure something out," I almost whispered as I was too occupied with taking in her show. She smiled as she buttoned back up and returned to her desk. "See you there," she said. 

THE WAREHOUSE

It was finally quitting time and I couldn't wait to see what Trista had to show me. I had texted my wife earlier to tell her I had to work late. She was fine with it since she had some work at home to do. 

I hurriedly clocked out and started on my way down the hallway to the warehouse. Before I got there, however, Cassie pulled me into her office. 

"You have to delete that video," she started. "I know you think it's funny, but it would ruin me if that got out. I'd get fired and I'd never have a real career. Please..." she trailed off. "What do I need to do to get you to delete that video? I can probably work out a raise or maybe even a promotion for you." I just smiled at her.

"Yeah, let's start with a raise. You can do 10% easy, right? I'll do some more thinking tonight and see if that's good enough for me." With that, I turned and walked out of her office. I had more important business to attend to. 

I got to the warehouse and saw a chair sitting out in the open. It had a note on it that said Lock the door, hit play on the stereo, and sit down. So I did just that, went back and locked the door, hit the play button on the radio next to the door, and took my seat. 

From behind the boxes stacked near the chair, Trista came out after I had sat down. She was had the same white button up blouse on. Instead of the jeans, though, she had on a small skirt with red stockings running up her legs to underneath the skirt. Her jet black hair was pulled into a pony tail. Finally she had on knee high shining red boots. 

As she approached, I opened my mouth to speak, but she put her soft finger over my mouth to tell me to keep quiet. She backed away again, and turned around. Again, while turned around, I watched as I saw her hands moving down her front. I listened to the hypnotic-like music as she rhythmically moved. She pulled her shirt back and completely off. My cock was now rock hard as I observed her amazing red corset, laced all the way up the back. She turned around to face me. The corsets cups could barely contain her breasts. They glowed marvelously in the fluorescent lights of the warehouse. Playing with her skirt, she moved back and forth. 

I began to slowly massage my dick through my jeans. A smile crept across her face when she noticed this and she continued. Grabbing the zipper on the side of her skirt, she teased it slowly down the side let the skirt fall from around her, keeping ahold of it one hand. It was almost too much, now. The removal of her skirt revealed a red garter belt just below her corset, holding up her stockings. She had on red, panties with lace all around the edges. Faster now, I continued to stroke my cock through my jeans. I couldn't believe what I was seeing. 

She slowly approached me, seductively putting one foot in front of the next. I reached out with my left hand to graze her hip, but she backed up with a disapproving look. As I pulled my hand back, Trista began to approach again right up to where I sat. She swatted my right hand away from my dick, which was now painfully erect and throbbing, then turned around and lowered her magnificent ass gently onto my lap. Carefully not putting much weight on me, her ass grazed my crotch ever so slightly. Moving with the music, her ass moved up and down, left and right. She put more and more weight on me, finally grinding, not fast, but hard, against my bulging member. 

As if she could tell, right when I was about to blow my load in my pants, she lifted up from my lap and turned around. She leaned down and began whispering into my ear, putting her breasts in my face as she did so, "You've been such a good boy, you can have the privilege of finishing on me." She then knelt down in front of me, knowing I would take her up on her offer. I'd never been more horny in my life, so I yanked my jeans down and whipped my throbbing cock out.

I wrapped my hand around my dick and squeezed. This was insane. I pulled my hand down from my base to my head, then back. She licked her lips slowly, her tongue moistening her top lip from right to left. Harder now, I took my hand up and down my shaft again. I stared at her face, then her tits. Barely contained inside that corset, they were so fucking sexy. Quicker now, I stroked my shaft again, then again. I didn't stop jerking up and down, up and down. My hot cock was mere inches from her soft face. She moaned and smiled up at me. She grabbed her right breast and squeezed, then bringing her other hand up and doing the same to her left. She pushed them together and squeezed more. 

I couldn't take it anymore. As she moaned and licked her lips, I felt my load swelling up inside me. I moaned with her as I felt myself begin to release on her. Streams of cum shot out again and again. The first stream sprayed her cheeks and covered her glasses, I lowered my dick slightly and covered her mouth in my hot cum. Still cumming, I lowered dick, again, and covered her chest. Finally, my cock had sprayed all the cum I had on her. Wiping off her glasses with her finger, she simply licked the cum off her lips and looked up at me. 

"You have the most incredible body I've ever seen," I exhaled. 

"Better than your wife's?" she asked.

"Better than my wife," I assured her. 

She smiled as she started to clean herself up, "Then maybe we'll have to arrange something like this again, sometime."