 "What a mess! This stupid office will never be finished!" I thought to myself as I frowned wryly. Furniture rearranged haphazardly, piles of crap strewn everywhere. Paint supplies, floor stripper, wax. Good grief! How on earth did a 2-day job turn into something that had already taken over a week now?

It didn't help that I was the only one in here doing any of our "real" work either. It was his idea to re-do the office, the guy whose position I'd taken over, but he was all but out the door. And, while the new guy had started last week, he was off on vacation for two weeks. Highly inconvenient, but I couldn't bring myself to deny him the plans he'd made long before he moved over here.

To top it off, it was Monday. Not the most optimal way to start the week, that was for sure! The only positive, if not completely unprofessional, spin on the whole damned lot of it was the excuse to wear my civilian clothes again. Today it was comfy jeans, a brightly colored "Orange Crush" tee shirt, and a pair of flip-flops.

I worked on and off at my desk, in between sorting through the haphazardly strewn piles of clutter in the somewhat daunting task of setting the office back to some semblance of a vaguely professional environment. Every time I sat down to handle emails and the like, I passed the time with a tidbit of conversation with my new 'friend' from upstairs. Sometimes it was a steamy comment, others a simple 'Hi,' or a rant about the idiots surrounding us.

His repeated apology for his lack of skill made me chuckle. He claimed again and again he would get better. Ha! Not that it was necessary by any means! My replies for those comments generally consisted of something along the lines of telling him I didn't think I could take too damned much improvement. In any case, his words had most certainly piqued my interest. I could already feel the moisture beginning to collect between my thighs at the mere thought of offering him the opportunity to show just how much he could 'improve.'

Shortly after lunch, as soon as I'd managed to run off my useless counterpart, I messaged him that I was now alone. Too bad though. It was still way too early in the day to have any fun. His office was still swarming with people. Filled to its capacity with entirely too many eyes to notice he'd left for the day, but why was his vehicle still waiting for him in the parking lot?

"You really must learn to be more patient!" I chided myself sternly. So, I did what can only be described as 'busy work' for the next couple of hours. It certainly wasn't anything that required much thought, that was for sure. I puttered away at yet another of the programs that was part of my new position. When that became too annoying and mundane, I'd get up and chip away at some of the mess surrounding me. Ever so often, I'd throw another teasing comment his way.

"You REALLY should be down here right now."

"I REALLY want to be down there right now!"

"So hurry up then! ;-)"

"Lol... Why won't they just LEAVE?????"

Finally, after what seemed like forever, the herd began to thin out upstairs. I kept up with my 'busy work,' still attempting to wait somewhat patiently for the last of his crew to leave so he could make his way down without all the busybodies around to speculate as to why he always spent so much time 'visiting' the downstairs office. Especially since he really had no business down here, and the occasional comment was already being made. It was all just good-natured ribbing really, but it tended to hit a little closer to home for two people with VERY guilty consciences. I was sorting through some paperwork when he finally snuck in through the back door.

"Jeez!" I chided gently, as I set aside the stack of documents. "Took you long enough!"

His reply consisted of a half-apologetic shrug followed by a somewhat annoyed grimace as he shut and locked the door. He sat his lunch bag down on the table before making his way over to the other side of the room where I was standing at the one unused desk in the office. The second he was close enough, he pulled me to him for our first kiss in several days. My knees almost buckled as his lips crushed mine and he invaded the warm recesses of my mouth with his tongue. I kissed him back just as fiercely, straining forward to meld my body into his. Eventually, he broke away from the sweet punishment he was inflicting on my tender lips and moved to nuzzle against the side of my neck.

"You're still here," he whispered in my ear as his hand came around to find my breast and knead it through the thin material of my tee shirt.

"Of course," I whispered back, straining my quickly hardening nipple into his touch. "I was working, you know."

"Well, don't let me disturb you," he began to pull away from me.

"Oh no, I'm all done now," I lied, as I grabbed at his shirt to pull him back to me. In fact, I wasn't finished, not even close. But work would keep, for now. I had much more pressing needs that concerned me. Namely, getting rid of the articles of clothing that still separated us so I could feed my ever-growing hunger for his touch.

I reached for the buttons on his shirt, fumbling a bit in my eagerness. One by one, they parted, until the last one gave way, allowing me to slip the offending garment off his shoulders and to the floor. As it fell away, I returned my hands up to his shoulders and ran them down his chest, delighting in its firmness beneath the flimsy under shirt he wore. Then lower still, until they reached his belt.

He smiled at me when I looked up at him as I worked to free him, before he reached forward to administer the same seductive treatment. As his fingers found and deftly released the button and slid the zipper down on my jeans, he leaned back into me and began to kiss me again. The touch of his lips against mine, softer than before, pushed me further into my heightened state of arousal, coaxing my lips open with gentle, teasing pressure.

I opened my mouth to him and found his tongue with my own as I quickly finished undoing the buttons on his pants. When the last of the four buttons parted at my command, I slid my hand inside to stroke him through his underwear, reveling in the feel of him stiffening beneath the smooth skin on the palm of my hand. Our kisses continued as he tugged my jeans over my hips and down my thighs, then slid his hand back up to stroke across my panty-covered mound. I let out a soft sigh, almost in disappointment at the loss, when his lips again left mine to trail along the side of my neck.

"Oh damn, that's nice," I whispered when he slipped his hand under the waistband of my panties to tease me further.

"What's nice? That?" he whispered back as his fingertips slid over the fleshy expanse of my outer lips.

"Mmmmmmm," I nodded, tightening my grip on his shaft in appreciation.

He slid lower then, finding the dampness at my entrance and easing just the tip of his finger inside of me. "Is that nice?"

"Yes!" I moaned quietly.

I gripped him even more firmly and strained my hips forward into his touch, seeking more. He pushed further, sliding his finger all the way in and allowing me to grind against the palm of his hand for a few seconds before pulling it back out. Now dampened by my juices, it slid easily back upward to find my clit, still buried beneath its protective hood.

"This?" the lazy circles of his fingertip against my button and quietly whispered teases brought forth another moan and emphatic nod, as I continued to strain forward into his touch. "And do I get to taste you today?"

"Yes! Pleeaaassseeee!" I groaned against his cheek. I turned my face back into his kisses. "You don't... ever... have to ask... for permission... to do that!" I sighed into his mouth between kisses.

With a gentle nudge, he pushed me down into the chair behind me. I sighed then, a mixture of disappointment for the loss of the pressure of his mouth against mine, and the heady anticipation of what was to be next. I kicked my sandals off as he knelt down in front of me and helped me the rest of the way out of my jeans, sliding them slowly over my slender calves one at a time before setting them off to the side.

The look in his bright blue eyes was unmistakably devilish when he turned back to capture my gaze. I found myself achingly aware of my already labored breathing then, watching him, as his hands slid up my calves to my knees and pushed them to the arms of the chair. One hand slid up further, skimming lightly over the sensitive skin of my inner thigh, until his fingertips made contact with the moistened fabric of my thong.

My heart pounded furiously beneath my breasts as he snagged the edge of the material and pushed it to the side, teasing across my warm, wet flesh until he exposed his prize. I felt myself blushing under the scrutiny of his gaze, no longer able to hide the extent of his effect on me. He dipped his finger down until he found the moisture collecting around my opening and slowly drew it back up the length of my slit until he reached my clit again, now beginning to swell and peeking free from her hiding place, begging for his attention. I felt my eyelids flutter, but forced them to stay open and continue to watch as his fingertips brushed delicately over my most sensitive areas. Finally, just as I almost couldn't withstand the suspense anymore, he leaned in closer.

I heard myself sigh softly as I watched him descend, almost in relief that he would soon put an end to the tortuous knot already forming deep within me. I came to the quick realization that my feelings of relief were premature when he stopped just short of contact, preferring instead to allow only the warmth of his breath to join in with the play of his fingertips along my exposed mound. My breath caught in my throat at this madness. I felt myself screaming inside, begging for the release I knew he would provide, as my hips strained upward, seeking contact.

Finally, he saw fit to end my torture and dipped his head slightly lower. All the air escaped my lungs at the first touch of his tongue on my heated flesh, and I felt myself melt into the chair. His tongue was warm, firm, as he drug it along the fleshy expanse of my outer labia, still teasing. Warmer still when he slipped it between to find the more sensitive skin of my inner lips. Even hotter when he slid lower and tongue-fucked me, pushing his tongue deep inside to collect the juices spilling from my opening. My so-called relaxation was short-lived at this invasion, and I felt myself gripping the arms of the chair as my hips began to strain forward to meet the thrusts of his tongue.

I was trying so hard to hold off, to match the slow teasing pace of his seduction, but the knot of my orgasm had been building for far too long. I reached up and bit down on the side of my fingers to quiet the screams bubbling from the pit of my belly. The slight rasp of his tongue when he withdrew and found my clit sent me over the edge in a single stroke. Each flick of his tongue brought forth another spasm, and another, and another as he lapped at me, merciless to the cries I muffled into my hand. Finally, the thrash of my hips bucked me away from him, and the spell was broken, leaving me spent, gasping for air.

Within seconds, he raised back up, finding my mouth again with his own. I tasted myself in his kiss and clung to him. Finally, I broke away, just enough to whisper, "Fuck me," against his lips.

"What? Now?" I couldn't see it, but felt the smile of satisfaction as it played across his lips.

"Yes!" I groaned, pleading. "God, yes!!!"

He pulled me up from the chair, and I supported myself against the firmness of his chest as I attempted to steady my wobbly legs. His hands traveled down my sides until they found the hem of my tee shirt and slid it up and off before sending it fluttering down to join my discarded jeans. He leaned forward then, finding my mouth again, and kissed me hungrily, his tongue sliding over mine as he reached behind me to unclasp my bra. Once he had it undone, he bent and found my nipple, tonguing the hardened nub before drawing it into his mouth to give it a gentle nip. He lavished the other with the same sweet attention as he reached up and slid the straps from my shoulders, helping me shrug it off so it could join my other clothing.

I stepped away from him then, but only long enough to reach into my bag and hand him a condom. Still shaking, I hooked my thumbs into the waistband of my panties and peeled them off, turning away as I dropped them onto my pile of clothes. He reached for me as I turned back to him, smiling slightly as his hands went to my hips and around to caress the soft, fleshy cheeks of my ass.

He picked me up effortlessly from the floor and sent his mouth descending down to mine as he lifted me to wrap my legs around his waist. In one fluid motion, he lowered me, sliding deeply, completely inside of me. My gasp at his sudden intrusion was muffled by his kiss as he held me there, suspended, impaled. I wrapped my legs tighter around him, seeking leverage, and began to move myself up and down the length of him.

He broke away from the kiss then, and groaned, "God, but you feel good!"

I melted at his most sensual complement, still maneuvering my hips to slide myself up and down the length of his shaft. He stepped forward then, until he pressed my back against the wall, and began to thrust himself more firmly into me, I gripped his shoulders, gladly relinquishing control.

Truth be told, I never really had it anyway. I could already feel the build-up of another powerful orgasm deep in the pit of my belly as I clung to him desperately while he drove himself into me, deeper now, faster, harder. Suddenly, he pulled away from the wall, lifting me away from him. I moaned in utter despair at the shock of the loss of his presence within me as he stood me back upright.

"Turn around," he ordered, pushing me back toward the chair. Quickly, I complied, sternly instructing my still shaky legs to obey as I climbed up into the chair and kneeled to offer him access from behind. He was behind me the second I got into position, finding me, sliding easily back into me, now even deeper than before. A hand on my hip to steady himself, and he began to move again, slowly now.

Each sensual thrust of his hips brought forth another moan. He leaned forward, twisting his fingers into my hair and pulling it roughly to further arch my back, pressing hot kisses along the side of my neck, still driving me to utter madness with the teasingly slow pace. I wanted to tell him, to shout at him, to scream I was going to explode, to say how exquisite he felt, stretching me, heating me. I wanted to beg, fuck me, please! But no words would come out as I drew nearer. Finally, as the dam broke, as the spasms racked every muscle in me, as the intense contractions from within squeezed him tighter with every thrust, I found one word, and called out his name.

His lips continued their sweet torment as he rode the waves of my orgasm with me until the very last shudder. Then, easing his fingers from where they'd been knotted in my hair, he again withdrew, pulling me from the chair and spinning me back around to lift me on to him again.

"Again?" he teased quietly into my ear, lifting and lowering my hips in a steady rhythm. "So soon?"

I could only nod, weakly. All my energy was wrapped up in hanging on to him, gripping his shoulders as he found every oversensitive inch of me with his unrelenting strokes.

"Hmmmm... I may just have to put you back against the wall," each word was punctuated by more hot kisses.

I finally found my voice then, still breathless, shaky. "I don't care... where... you put me. Just don't... fucking... stop!"

With a groan, he stepped forward again until my back was once more pressed firmly against the wall, thrusting deeply as we made contact.

"Oh God, yes! That's it. Fuck me!" my last words were silenced when his mouth came down, crushing mine in a brutal, punishing kiss, punctuated with another firm thrust. And another. And another. I clung to him, my hands gripping his shoulders, meeting each kiss, bracing my hips forward to allow him deeper access. Gone was the teasing pace from before. My mind still screamed, "Yes! Fuck me! Harder!"

Though I no longer mouthed the words, too wrapped up in his kisses, still he somehow heard me and was more than willing to comply, fucking me hard and fast now. I only barely felt his release, as his hands tightened convulsively, painfully on my hips, and drove himself even deeper inside of me. I felt yet another fit of tremors as I came again, convulsing, squeezing, milking every drop of his fluid down the length of his shaft to spill forward into the condom's reservoir. He held me there, pinned against the wall, for one final, brief moment as I floated back down to earth.

His kisses softened to a mere whisper across my lips. Finally, he stepped back, gingerly easing himself from me to stand me upright. I found the chair again and sank gratefully down into it, waiting for my breathing to slow, for the tremors in my legs to cease, and watched him as he removed the condom, grimacing at his own sensitivity.

I giggled then, before I could stop myself. It wasn't that there was anything funny, only to know that I wasn't the only one who was a complete and utter mass of nerves every time we came in contact with each other. I stifled another giggle then, and he glared at me.

"Shut up!" he growled. "It's sensitive!"

I could only smile back at him.

"Get dressed!" he barked. "It's time to go!" He was already rearranging his uniform.

"Okay. Okay!" Still grinning from ear to ear, I reached for the pile of discarded clothing at my feet. "Yes, sir!"

To be continued...