 I woke at early dawn and went into the master bath to take a piss and then walked naked down the hallway to the kitchen for a drink. I got a tall glass of OJ and drank in just three big gulps. I returned to the bedroom and back into bed next to Katelin. Katelin moaned and turned and slid on top of me. Katelin often did this in the morning when she wanted me but was still too tired to make any big move of her own.

I kissed her bare, beautiful, and soft shoulder. I rubbed, squeezed and petted Katelin's bare butt as I felt my cock begin to grow with heat and lust for more of Katelin. I continued to kiss her trailing from her shoulder to the crook of her neck. Katelin moaned lightly as she slid her legs apart and to my sides. I ground my cock between her already wetting pussy a few times, using my hands to push her against me.

I slid Katelin up a little and then back down allowing my cock to slip inside her heated, wet cunt. Katelin let out a long, low moan at the pleasure of feeling me inside her once again. I fucked her long and slow using her thighs to push her up and down my chest, which made my cock slide in and out of her vagina. Katelin moaned and squirmed a little with ecstasy. It only took a few moments and her legs began to quiver and she shook with an orgasm. Her clenching pussy walls brought my cock to squirt more cum deep inside her as it had a few short hours before. When we were both through, we drifted back off to sleep.

I was first to waken again. Katelin had slid off of me at some point, so I was able to sneak out of bed, shower and head out to my truck. I began cleaning my truck out before taking it down to San Antonio to the truck stop for some detailing and an overhaul. I don't how long I was out there before Katelin appeared in just a silky robe that went down to her mid-thigh. I could tell she wore nothing else underneath and her hair was wet telling me that she had recently showered.

"I made some breakfast if you're hungry, babe," Katelin said as she squinted up in the bright sunlight to look at me.

"Sounds good, beautiful. I'll be right there," I answered. Katelin smiled and turned back towards the house. I watched her go, feeling my urge for her growing in my pants and the pit of my stomach again. I have never found a woman who made me feel the way she made me feel and I was doing my best not to admit it.

I have always had problems with women and commitment. Not that I don't commit, but I have had my heart broken twice already and fear getting turned down again or rejected again. I left my truck as it was and went inside to the kitchen. Katelin was just setting the hot plates on the table when I sat down. She smiled at me and leaned down for a kiss before setting across from me.

Katelin had made omelets with ground beef, sliced potatoes and lots of cheese. She had put a side of hash browns on my plate as well. My omelet was three times the size of hers, but I knew why she watched her weight.

"I'm headed to Del Rio to have the truck detailed and overhauled, do you want to tag along?" I asked her before shoving a fork full of food into my mouth.

"Not today. I've got a few errands I need to do before I go to work tonight," Katelin answered. I was a little disappointed but didn't say anything.

"You fuck anyone while I was gone?" I asked. I had told her that I didn't care while I was gone as long as it wasn't in our bed. She knew about most of the women I fucked along my truck routes.

"Just Tammy, no guys," Katelin said. "You satisfy me enough between hauls."

I knew Tammy as we had grown up together in school. Tammy was a lesbian and good friends of Katelin as well. The two gals had met at the bar where they both worked. Tammy didn't strip though; she just waited tables and bartended when Scott needed an extra help on nights. Tammy often came over to our place and Katelin was a good friend to oblige to Tammy's lesbian needs when Tammy didn't have a lover of her own living with her. Tammy went through lesbian lovers like they were hot cakes to hungry boys. I had even fucked Tammy a time or two when she needed "a good fucking" as she stated it.

"Naughty girls in my bed," I said with teasing smile. Katelin smiled back as we finished our breakfast. I thanked her for the good breakfast and headed back out to the truck. About thirty minutes later Katelin walked out dressed and ready to go.

"May I have the $100 I found in your wallet?" Katelin asked holding it up. "Sorry, I know you don't like me taking before I ask but I didn't want to have to walk back in the house."

"It's all right and, no, I don't mind if you take it as long as you get me some more beer and carton of cigarettes?" I said.

Katelin smiled and said, "No problem. What brand are you smoking?"

"I'm still smoking Marlboro Lights."

"Okay, I'll see you later." Katelin kissed me before walking over to the Mercedes CL550 Coupe that I had bought for her when we moved in together. I watched her back out of the long driveway and head towards the small town of Sonora. I had bought a home on a 2-acre parcel because I like my space and privacy. That was one reason for choosing a small town like Sonora. Sonora only had a population of about 5,000 people. It had a few gas stations, a couple of bars, two competing grocery stores, two car lots and a little strip mall. Any major shopping you either went to San Antonio or one of the other major cities in Texas.

I left for Del Rio shortly after Katelin left for town. Del Rio was about an hour and thirty minutes from Sonora. It would take about two hours for them to detail and overhaul my truck, so I did a little bit of personal shopping in Del Rio while I waited. I called a cab and took it down to the Del Rio mall. I found a lingerie shop there and found awesome two piece outfit that would look hot on Katelin. After buying the outfit, I went to a jewelry store and looked around for a bit. I found a silver sterling necklace with 14-karat diamonds with matching earrings and bought them for Katelin as well.

Then I went to a few men's stores and bought some new briefs, shirts and jeans. I spent over $3,000 there at the mall in about two hours. I called another cab to take me back to the truck detail and found my truck ready to go when I go there. I paid the bill and drove the hour and a half back to Sonora. It was six o'clock in the evening by the time I arrived back home and found dinner ready and Katelin preparing for work that evening. Katelin went to work at 8PM, danced around 10PM and then waited tables until closing time.

I gave the necklace and earrings to Katelin. She seemed pale and upset about something but said nothing when I inquired if something was wrong. She thanked me for the gifts and we kissed and fondled one another but I knew she didn't like to fuck so close to working time. I adjusted myself and went to eat the dinner Katelin had made for me.

Katelin walked into the adjoining living room, put her bag on the chair by the front door, and then joined me at the table. She ate a small dinner to keep her tied over until after her dancing time.

"How long you staying this time?" Katelin asked.

"Until Monday, you ready to get rid of me already," I asked.

"No," Katelin said with a little giggle. "Just curious."

We made more small talk and then she cleared the table and quickly did the dishes before heading toward the door. I followed her and paused a few steps away as she gathered her things before turning back towards me. I stepped up to her at that point, slid my arms around her waist and pulled her against me. She looked up at me and said, "You coming down to watch tonight?"

"Don't I always," I answered kissing her lightly. She slid her arms around my neck and we deepened the kiss. Our tongues danced with each other's for a few minutes before we broke the kiss off.

"I'll see you in a little while then," Katelin said pushing away for me and opening the door. I nodded and slapped her sexy ass lightly before she stepped out the door and headed to her car. I watched from the door to make sure she made it to her car safely. It was October after all and it got dark early. I closed the door when she started her car and then watched out the front window as she proceeded down the driveway and turned towards town.

I went down the hallway to the office to catch up on a few bills and other business. Then went into the TV room to watch some TV before heading down to the bar. I took my usual place at the bar, ordered a beer and lit a cigarette. It was almost ten o'clock and I watched Tina, another girl, finish her dance while I waited for Katelin to do hers. I looked around the bar a little and noticed a few girls setting in a corner table laughing and giggling. A couple of them turned my way and gave me a flirty smiled; I winked and smiled back.

Katelin came on to do her strip tease and I watched like a hawk. As many times I've watched her strip and dance, each time is just as awesome as any other time. Each time she's through stripping and dancing, I have a raging hard on that's throbbing for relief. Katelin finished her dance and went back stage while another girl took her place. I looked over at the girls and saw the red head watching me and smiling at me still. I grabbed another beer and then headed over to the girls' table.

I walked over to her and leaned down to whisper in her ear. "I was wondering if you have a red hair on your hot cunt?" I asked.

"Would you like to see for yourself?" She asked back in a whisper. I agreed and we headed towards the door. Outside I asked where she was parked and she lead me over to a blue Honda Accord parked back in the corner of the lot near the fence. I lead her around to the front of the car.

"My name's Zack," I said as I kissed her lightly on the lips.

"My name's Teri," she replied kissing me back. I wrapped my arms around Teri, pushed her ass grinding myself into her, and kissed her deeply pushing my tongue deep into her mouth. She moaned and met my rough, hungry kiss with her own passion. I squeezed and groped her ass as I dry humped her pussy.

I laid her back on the front hood of her car and proceeded to trail kisses down Teri's chin, down her neck and to bare chest. Teri had on a silky V-neck blouse that showed the cleavage very well between her 36C breasts. Though they weren't nearly as big as Katelin's they were still very beautiful. I slipped a hand inside her blouse and fondled the nipple of her right breast while pulling her blouse back and taking her left nipple in my mouth.

Teri moaned and rubbed my cock through my pants as she enjoyed my mouth suckling her breasts. I moved my mouth from one nipple to the other several times then pushed them together and smothered myself between them. I stood up and unzipped my pants, pulling my hard cock out of its confinement and watched Teri gap at my large cock that swayed a little as it stood out at attention.

Teri slide down the front of the car to her knees. She stroked my cock with her left hand before taking it into her mouth. I let out low groan of pleasure, closing my eyes as her mouth closed around my cock taking it deep into her throat and then back out. I pumped my cock in and out of her hot, hungry mouth several times before allowing myself to ejaculate hot streams of cum into her mouth. Teri swallowed as much as she could but some of cum still escaped through the corners of her mouth and ran down her chin.

I set Teri back up on the hood of her car, slid her skirt up a little and dipped my head between her legs. I flicked her pussy lips lightly a few times with my tongue while digging two fingers between them and finding her sopping wet cunt. I easily slid 3 fingers inside her and began to thrust them in and out. I found her clit with my mouth and suckled on it with a few nips here and there.

I heard Teri gasp and moan in pleasure as her orgasm built up inside her and soon she began convulsing and thrashing about with orgasm surging through her body. When she was through, I flipped her over on her belly, spread her legs apart and slid my once again hard cock inside her wet pussy. She gasped as my large cock spread her pussy wide open forcing its way inside the folds of her cunt.

I didn't stop pushing until I had my cock all the way in, then I pulled back out and began a steady pace of fucking Teri's pussy. Teri's had her pussy shaved similar to Katelin's and she definitely had reddish blonde pubic hair on her pussy. I used her hips to help slide in and out of her and Teri began moaning with pleasure again as another orgasm swept through her body.

I felt her pussy lips hug my cock as she came and I continued to fuck her pussy until she was through. Then I pulled out and in one quick motion shoved my soaked cock inside her asshole. Teri squeaked with surprise and pain as I entered her anally. I was able to get my entire 10" cock inside her asshole before beginning a fast and hard fucking of her ass. Teri gasped with a wide opened mouth with each inward thrust. I reached under her and began playing with her pussy with one hand while keeping my steady hard thrusting into her ass. A few strokes later I slammed one last time into her ass and felt cum stream out of my cock and into her asshole. Once I finished cumming, I pulled out and watched as cum dripped out of her asshole and off of my cock.

"Thanks for the fuck, Teri," I said with a hard slap on her ass. I put my cock back in its rightful place and went back inside the bar. I sat down at the bar and ordered another beer while lighting a cigarette. Katelin came over to me and asked me where I had gone. I just said that I had stepped out for a little bit of fresh air. She kissed me and looked at me, as I knew she'd smelled and tasted Teri's pussy juices on my lips.

After I finished the beer I ordered, I returned home to wait for Katelin. This time though I sat in the TV room drinking beer until she arrived around 2AM. Katelin walked into the room and looked at me.

"Did you enjoy your fuck in the parking lot?" Katelin asked.

"Sure did," I said and grabbed myself purposefully in front of her. Katelin smiled and walked over to me and set on my knees straddling my waist. She leaned down and kissed me deeply and passionately. I slide my arms around her and pulled her tightly against me. Katelin stood up and began to take her outfit off.

I pointed down the hallway and said, "You should go see what's in the package on the bed before you do that."

Katelin lifted one eyebrow at me before complying. A few minutes later she came out wearing the black, lacey two-piece outfit I had bought her earlier in Del Rio. I already had my cock out and was stroking it when she reappeared. I smiled at how awesome she looked and she did a little twirl so I could see the entire thing. Katelin knew what I liked and loved to tease me too.

Katelin came back over and replaced herself on my lap straddling my waist. Then she moved my hand from my cock and replaced it with her own. I moaned and reached up to fondle her large breasts through the lacey fabric. Katelin moaned and I leaned up and began suckling on her right breast through the fabric.

I leaned back in my recliner and told Katelin to turn around and straddle my face for some '69' action. Katelin quickly obliged and took my cock into her hot and hungry mouth. I began to lick and finger her pussy through the fabrics of her new lacey panties. She was already flowing heavily as I snaked a couple of fingers inside the panties and the easily slipped between her lips to find her cunt. I pushed her down onto my mouth as I fucked her pussy with my fingers.

Katelin began to shake violently as an orgasm ripped through her body. Her pussy juices flowed into my mouth and I lapped it up eagerly. When she was done, she slid off of my face and then removed the lacey underwear. She then straddled my waist, positioned my cock at the entrance of her cunt and slide down on my cock taking it all the way in with one thrust. I smiled up at her as I laid my hands on either thigh and helped her as she began to fuck my cock with a steady pace.

A few moments later I felt myself reach the end of my will to hold back. I pulled Katelin down onto my cock one final time as I felt cum begin to spew out and inside her pussy. The feel of my cum pumping into her was enough to send Katelin into another one of her orgasms. She collapsed on top of me when she was finished. I held her clothes and placed small kisses on her forehead.

We eventually went to bed after another love making session.