 Hank got off the plane at LAX with his carry-on it was a short trip so he didn't need to pack much. The company held its yearly meeting for the managers in LA near the corporate office. 

The company had sent luxury cars to shuttle them to the hotel and he shared one with an office manager from Texas who was talking to her sister on the phone the whole ride. 

It was a short ride and Hank got checked in and up to his room. After a quick shower and shave he got into his suit for the opening night dinner. He caught an elevator down with some managers from the central territory who all sounded like they belonged in Fargo. 

He entered the hall for dinner and was directed to a table with the other northeast regional managers. He said hi to some of his fellow managers and took a seat. A waitress came around to take drink orders and he ordered an Old Fashioned.

"How very Don Draper of you," said a voice from behind him.

"Hi Jill," he said turning to look at her. 

She was wearing a black dress with a white shawl. 

"Hey," she said as she leaned in and gave him a kiss on the cheek before taking a seat.

The regional manager came over to join them and they listened as a group of company higher ups droned on about hard work and dedication. 

After the meal they opened the bar and Hank 

went with Jill to get a drink. 

"So how have you been?" he asked.

"Good," she said, "I heard your office has improved its numbers ever since I left."

"What can I say?" he said with a shrug, "I'd take the credit but life is too easy."

"I also heard Mimi and Rachel left," she said, "that must have been hard."

"It was," he said sipping his drink, "but I'm awesome."

"You didn't have this much confidence when you worked with me," she said as she sipped her Cosmo.

"I didn't run the show," he said, "now I do, and I have to say I'm pretty good at it."

After a few drinks Hank turned in they had a day full of corporate training exercises to slog through starting bright and early at 8am. 

He got to bed but his mind drifted back to Jill. After Mimi and Heather he had been single for a while and he couldn't deny he'd had fun with her. 

He woke up in the morning with an erection, he'd been dreaming of the last time he'd been with Jill. Hank took care of himself in the shower, he figured it was better than getting a boner during a conference about sexual harassment and workplace affairs. 

After ten hours of mind numbing meetings and exercises broken up by lunch they finally got sent to dinner. They broke them up into regions again and Jill took a seat next to him. 

"Jesus Christ," she said, "that was the longest day of my life."

"It's not over," said the regional manager as he took a seat, "next we're going to break up into teams of two and talk through strategies going forward."

Jill let out a groan and emptied her glass of wine. They got split up into teams and whether through dumb luck or the universe having a sick sense of humor her got paired with Jill. 

They were sent to a small room with a desk, two chairs, and some pens and paper. Hank held the door for Jill and took a seat. 

"So are we actually going to do this?" asked Jill. 

"Hell no," said Hank, "I worked for you, I know all your techniques, I improved my numbers and you improved yours." 

"You know all of my business techniques," she said with a smirk.

"I thought you were done with me," he said.

"Were being the operative word," she said leaning back in her chair. 

"You're in an office full of women and you already slept with the two that moved on," she said.

"Paying attention to my staff," he said, "getting jealous?"

"Why would I be jealous?" she asked.

"Because your office is full of women too," he said, "you're not the only one who has a friend in the personnel department."

"So you still want me," she said.

"And you still want me," he said, "but you're not sure because you don't have any of the power."

"That was always my favorite," she said, "watching you squirm as I pushed your limits."

"Well we're both managers," he said, "so let's negotiate."

"Intriguing," she said leaning forward, "so ground rules, conditions."

"Exactly," he said, "ladies first."

"I want you to eat my pussy," she said with a devilish smirk, "and finger me"

"I don't see how that is an offer," he said, "that's a demand, I will meet those conditions, in exchange for anal."

"No," she said taken aback, "I'll suck your dick and let you cum in my mouth in exchange for you eating my pussy and fingering me."

"Counter proposal," he said, "I'll cum on your face."

"That's a little demeaning," she said.

"I've cum in your mouth already," he said, "the point of this is to put into place some actions that are not within the norm, so we're both being pushed."

Jill sat back and thought for a while. 

"Alright," he said, "we tried to do this one way."

Hank got up and locked the door before walking around the table to where Jill was.

"What are you doing?" she asked as he pulled her to her feet.

"Pushing our limits," he said as he leaned down and kissed her.

"So what are the ground rules," Jill asked. 

"Don't let anyone in the next room here us," he said as he started to unbutton her shirt.

Jill reached down and started to undo his pants. 

"Panties?" he asked as he shoved his pants off.

"No," she said.

"You planned this?" he asked as he picked her up and sat her on the desk.

"Thought we'd be in the room," she said as she hiked up her skirt.

"Well good managers can act on the fly," he said as he pushed himself into her. 

"Oh I've missed your cock," she moaned. 

Hank reached down and squeezed one of her breasts that was still hidden behind her bra. He gave her a few hard thrusts as he reached down to rub her pussy as he pulled the cup of her bra out of the way so he could pinch her nipple. Jill started to let out a moan and Hank took his hand off her breast and cupped it over her mouth. 

"If you can't be quiet," he said, "I'll just stick my cock in your mouth. Can you be quiet?"

Jill nodded and he took his hand off her mouth as he quickened his pace. She reached up and cupped her hand over her mouth muffling a moan as Hank grabbed her ass. He slid his hand back and pressed his finger against her anus as he drove himself deep into her. Jill grabbed the edge of the desk and let out a poorly muffled squeal. 

Hank pulled out slowly and got to his knees sliding two of his fingers into Jill as he licked her. 

"Do that thing you just did," she moaned. 

"What?" he asked as he ran his tongue in circles around her clit.

"With my ass," she moaned. 

Hank pulled her all the way to the edge of the desk and used his free hand to rub her anus. Within a few moments Jill had her hand cupped over her mouth again and reached back slowly pressing the tip of Hank's finger into her ass. He had barely gotten to his first knuckle when Jill came hard squeezing the back of his head with one hand and cupping her mouth against a series of loud moans with the other. 

He took a seat in the closest chair still erect as Jill caught her breath. After a moment she got to her knees in front of him and pulled her bra down exposing both of her large breasts before taking Hank in her mouth. She attacked his dick, stroking it furiously as she bobbed her head up and down teasing his balls with her hand the whole time. 

"Fuck Jill," he moaned, "that feels amazing." 

"If you're going to be loud," she said after taking him out of her mouth but continuing to stroke him, "I'm going to shove my pussy back in your face and leave you to jerk off. Can you be quiet?"

Hank shook his head yes and Jill resumed bobbing her head on him. She took him all the way in a few times holding for a while before taking him back out. As he felt himself getting close she stopped and climbed onto his lap sliding down onto his dick while leaning forward so her breasts were in his face. 

"This pussy took your virginity," she whispered in his ear, "and these titties, how many times did you get off on them or while squeezing them?" 

As she rode him up and down Hank was trying to hold out for as long as he could. Jill seemed to notice and wiggled her hips a little as she rode. Hank buried his face in her chest as he busted inside Jill who smiled and leaned down to kiss him. 

They cleaned themselves up and left the room. The next morning as Hank was leaving the hotel Jill found him outside and they took a car back to the airport together. 

"It's always good when we get together," he said, "I guess because you took my virginity so I'll always think of you a little when I have sex."

"You also learned on me," she said, "everyone you're with after me you'll have to tweak your style to them."

"I'm going to get your ass one day though," he said as the car stopped at the airport.

"Beat me as the best store in the region first," she said with a smirk as she got out of the car, "and we'll negotiate it."