 Ahh, the aftermath. What began as a horrible day took a turn at the last minute. All this time, these past few weeks I had pondered over the sincerity of his casual comments. Surely he was only kidding with me right? Playing along with my banter to get a rise out of me? Enjoying a little bit of harmless flirtation just to see my cheeks flush? As it turned out, he wasn't kidding. Not by any means, though he could easily have played it off as such had he needed to.

And now, my mind is filled with the remnants of the afternoon. My thoughts play over again, the unnerving warmth of his nearness as he stood behind my chair, the gentle squeeze on my arm before he moved away. It was so subtle, I had to wonder if I'd imagined it, made something out of nothing. Before I even had the chance to speculate, he was already halfway across the room, and had flopped back down into the chair, waiting for...

Maybe a repeated invitation? Once uttered, his presence again loomed behind me, so close, yet not close enough. This time, he offered a brief shoulder massage that I allowed myself to lean into before he retreated back around the desk. I hadn't imagined it then! I could hear myself calling out to him silently to return- shouts inside my head loud enough to wake the dead, but apparently not yet loud enough for him to hear. So this was to be the game then? Again, I offered an excuse of "needing" assistance that would require him near her. My heart nearly leapt from her chest as anticipation washed over me.

I watched with baited breath as he first locked the office door before casually strolling back into my personal space. I couldn't decide- did he take forever or arrive too quickly? Nonetheless, there he was again, his presence enticing and unnerving at the same time. Again, I heard my inner voice crying out, "Oh please...closer!"

I must have been loud enough this time, because I felt him press himself against the back of my chair just before his hands came down to rub across my shoulders again, then the left moved lower to stroke my breast. Only for a moment though, and his hand trailed away to run them both the length of my arms before returning upward to my shoulders. Then down again, and suddenly I could no longer stand the awful utilitarian cloth of the uniform I wore every day.

I felt rather than saw him kneel down behind me. My pulse raced as his breath warmed my ear just fractions of a second before his lips grazed the side of my neck. His hands were everywhere now, and when they found their way under my uniform, I felt their heat through the thin fabric of my tee shirt. Finally I mustered the courage, and spun the chair around to face him.

Our eyes met just as my chair came to a halt. His permanent scowl was gone- replaced by a rather mischievous half-grin. I offered a shaky smile of my own as I pulled him to me.

Admittedly, I had already speculated about how this kiss would be. Fantasized about it for weeks. Would the reality be as nice as I'd imagined? "Please, please, pleeaaassseeee let it be amazing," I offered a silent prayer to whatever gods were listening. His lips met mine then, partially open, and for once I got exactly what I asked for. Tiny electric shocks coursed through me and settled deep in the pit of my belly as our tongues met. Damn but he tasted nice!

For one fleeting moment, I was reminded of how very much I missed kissing someone like that. Hastily, I tossed that thought to the side. After all, I couldn't have something as insignificant as self-pity ruin this. I needed it way too damn much. Needed to set all the psychological garbage up on a shelf, even if only for a little while. Needed to fill the long-empty void inside of me with...

Oh dear Lord yes- with that! His hands had worked their way under my shirt and were gently exploring the soft skin of my belly and lower back. All the while, his kisses continued their sweet torment back and forth between my own soft lips and the sensitive column of my throat. I heard myself sigh when his well-practiced fingers found their way up my spine and unfastened the clasp of my bra. Then a gasp when they travelled back downward, digging in slightly along my lower back. Finally, they came around to the front and slid upward to free my breasts. His hands came up to cup them both, and my nipples came to life instantly as his fingertips grazed over them.

I felt a split-second's worth of disappointment when he leaned back and his lips left mine. Caught off guard, I sought to pull him back to me, but he just smiled that same half-smile before dipping his head down to take my left nipple into his mouth. Already hardened by his fingertips, it tightened even more- almost painfully so- when he closed his lips around it and drew it firmly into his mouth. My hands gripped the back of his head almost convulsively now, encouraged him to continue. From left to right and then back again, he nibbled and sucked at both nipples now, while his hands gently kneaded the underside of my breasts.

Damn, had it gotten warmer in there? I mean seriously, the fucking place was usually an icebox! Yet there I was, hot, flushed, practically breaking a sweat even though somehow my uniform top was crumpled in the floor beside my chair and parts of me that I usually hid under multiple layers were exposed to the cool afternoon air. His hands were still at my breasts, kneading them playfully, supporting their weight as well as the lacy scrap of the bra he had deftly pushed away. I gazed down at the top of his head through barely slitted eyelids as his kisses continued to tease back and forth between each swollen nipple, allowing them to close when he drew a tender bud between his teeth and bit down gently. I couldn't see straight anymore anyway so I allowed the darkness to wash over me as...

I snapped back to reality- somewhat- as I felt the edge of the chair slip out from under me and dump me rather unceremoniously into his still-kneeling form. We both giggled a bit at the clumsy interruption. Ever the gentleman, he started to lift me back to my seat, but I had a better idea.

Across the room- a more appropriate chair. I indicated as much, and backed him to the other side of the office. The slight puzzlement in his eyes when I didn't sit down faded quickly into a smile when I raised an eyebrow just slightly and uttered two simple words, "My turn." I kneeled in front of him just as minutes ago he had been kneeling in front of me.

Now it was my time to explore. I leaned into him then, finding his kisses just as sweet from this new perspective. As my mouth explored his, my hands found their way to his firm thighs and upward. I felt the proof of his desire for me pressed against my belly then and it was my absolute undoing. I broke my lips away from his so I could lean back and look at him.

My eyes blazed a trail downward, drinking in every delicious detail. His beautiful blue eyes now darkened by desire, his lips full and kissable, his strong chest still covered by the same sand-colored tee shirt as mine. Lower still, I settled on the obvious bulge straining against the fabric of his pants. Only for a second though, before I allowed myself to continue. My hand trailed up his thigh and covered him then, delightfully hard beneath it. Mmmmm, nice. It wasn't enough just to see him though, not nearly enough. There was still too much in my way and I wanted so badly to touch him. 

I found his belt then and fumbled with it and the buttons of his pants. Then the navy blue boxers. More fumbling, until finally I had freed him from his constraints. He twitched slightly as I trailed my fingertips gently along the shaft and over the head. I leaned back upward into his kiss as my hand continued its exploration of every delightfully firm inch of him.

Still, it wasn't enough just to touch him. I broke myself from his mind-numbing kiss to redirect my attention downward. My eyes sought and found his, locking on, questioning. His own were clear and mirrored the same desire I felt as he stared boldly back at me. The excitement in his eyes was enough to spur me onward, so I dipped my head and lapped at the glistening drop that had formed at the tip. He jumped to life beneath my tongue and the warmth of my lips as I covered him in soft kisses and teasing strokes. I explored every inch of him: the head, the shaft, the surrounding sensitive skin. "Did he know?" I wondered to myself. Could he feel my excitement? My entire body strained toward his. I wanted nothing more at that moment than to rip off the remaining clothing that separated us and drive him fully, deeply inside of my warmth and wetness again and again until...

Silently, I cursed our insanely bad timing. No matter. This would suffice- for now. I allowed one set of lips the pleasure I had to deny the other and drew him in further to the warmth of my kisses. His sharp intake of breath as I reached the base of his shaft made it so much harder to maintain my slow, gentle pace. I wanted to draw this out, to tease him to full awareness, but I was shaking with a desire that would no longer be easily contained. I felt my fingers dig into the smooth skin of his side in an effort to still the tremors betraying the depth of my longing to feel him inside me. I felt him grow even firmer in my mouth as my lips slid up and down the length of his shaft. His breath came faster now; his hands gripped my shoulders, his thighs tensed beneath me.

Every effort he made to control himself only drove me onward in my intent to feel him lose that control. I drew my lips in tighter, more firmly around him, sucking him deeper into my mouth and down my throat. A somewhat unintelligible sound- part whisper, part groan- floated down to me then. A warning perhaps? His impending release didn't turn me off though, quite the opposite in fact. The thought of being able to make him come shot straight through to my core, and I felt myself get wetter still, the warmth within me almost painful now. I continued pulling him into my mouth, sucking harder, feeling his head slide along the back of my throat each time my lips reached the base of his shaft. My fingertips pressed firmly into his side offered encouragement I couldn't voice.

Finally, finally it was enough. His entire body stiffened beneath me and his release spilled out with each spasm. I slowed my pace then, mindful of his sensitivity, and drew out every well-deserved drop, lapping him dry before allowing him to fall away from me. Somewhere between ragged breaths he pulled me back upward, his lips met mine, and he kissed me until his heartbeat slowed and his breathing returned to some semblance of normalcy. As I felt my own heartbeat slow with his, I quieted the voice within me, still clamoring for her own release. There would be a time for that... soon enough.

To be continued...