 This is my first ever submission of this type, so please be kind... It is purely fiction -- well almost.

The life of a big rig, over-the-road truck driver is nothing like people have come to believe after all the movies and television series from a few years back. It consists of long hours behind the wheel fighting traffic, shippers, receivers and worst of all, the DOT (Department of Transportation). In spite of all that, it can be fun, exciting, and even rewarding. I want to tell you a little about the fun and exciting part...

First, let me tell you just a little about myself. I'm divorced (twice) and have two great adult kids and three grandkids that I spoil rotten every chance I get. Since I have no one waiting for me, I can spend as much time running "down the road" as I want and don't have to worry about going home. The fact is, I really don't have a home like most people would imagine.

My "home" is my rig. I have a sleeper with all the bells and whistles. There is a television, a small microwave, a coffee maker and a very comfortable bunk with expensive sheets and a down comforter. Most truck stops I go to have Wi-Fi connections now, so I can access the internet any time I stop for a break. When I'm not "home" (that is not on the road), I spend time on my boat in a small marina just east of Pensacola, Florida.

But enough of that stuff... this experience I'm about to share with you is one that happened a few years after my divorce. I'm not some over-sexed stud out looking for anything in a skirt, so when something like this happens to me, it always comes as a pleasant surprise.

I had picked up a load of medical equipment out of San Diego headed for Cleveland. It looked to be a great run with lots of miles and some great scenery to enjoy along the way. Plus, I had been forced to push myself pretty hard to make my earlier delivery in S.D., so I was pleased when my dispatcher said there was no rush on this load. 

As I was getting ready to head down the road, I heard a woman on the CB asking for directions. Since I was at the location she was looking for, it was an easy task for me to help her out, thinking once she was on the right track, I would take off.

After getting her headed in the right direction, she thanked me and offered to buy me a cup of coffee. Well, I need to get some miles under me for the day, so I said I was on my way to Cleveland and needed to get moving.

"Wow, that's where I'm going too!" she exclaimed. "What route are you taking?"

Well, one thing led to another, and I agreed to look for her at the first truck stop I planned to use that night. What really caught my interest was her next comment... "Oh" she said, "by the way, I'm not one of those typical trucker women you are picturing in your mind right now." She was right on the money... I had in my mind's eye the stereotypical female truck driver (which is not really accurate, by the way).

Now I couldn't wait to get to the truck stop. We agreed on the time, she described her rig and said she would be right behind me as soon as she got her load.

At the designated truck stop, I parked where I could watch the trucks rolling in for the night. She raised me on the CB when she got within range, and I don't know why, but I was starting to really look forward to some company for a little coffee, conversation, and whatever else might come up. Oh, and I would be lying if I said I wasn't especially interested in the latter, especially when she backed in next to my rig and climbed down from the cab of her truck. What I expected to see and what was reality were totally different. I don't know that I would call her "drop-dead-gorgeous" but she was attractive, looked like she took care of herself and had a smile that could charm the meanest DOT cop.

After a little getting to know each other chit-chat, she dropped the bomb-shell that made my heart almost stop... "Listen, we both have a schedule to keep, and if we play our cards right, we could convoy all the way to Cleveland. But first I want to see what the next few hours will bring. Your truck or mine?"

Holy shit! I've just been hit on by a truck driver!

We flipped a coin and ended up in her truck. Wow, I thought mine was comfortable. She had hers decked out like a high dollar hotel suite. It didn't take us long to get naked. She even helped me get out of my boots. Then the fun began. 

I've always been fairly quick on the trigger the first time around, but then I can go for quite a while. I explained that to her because I didn't want her to be disappointed. She simply smiled and said we should get the first time out of the way then so we can get down to some serious fucking! 

She pushed me back on the bunk and positioned herself over my rock hard cock. What she did after that was nothing short of amazing! She positioned her pussy lips one on each side of my cock and started sliding back and forth, stimulating her clit and driving me crazy at the same time. She was slow and deliberate and definitely in no hurry. All I could do was prop my head up with her pillow and watch the show. Did I forget to mention that she had some really nice tits? Not too large, but a great shape and firm with silver-dollar sized areola and nipples the size of a new pencil eraser (for those of you old enough to remember what a pencil is).

After bringing me within seconds of climax several times and then backing off, she finally lifted herself a little, took my cock in surprisingly soft hands (for a truck driver) and slid herself down to the hilt. My god, was she good. She sat there for a few minutes and then she started to move, slowly, forward, back, up, down. She was doing it again... making me crazy, and every time I was about to explode, she would stop, wait for my breathing to start up again (I think she had to perform CPR a couple times), and get back to that incredible fuck.

I'm not sure how long that lasted, but after a while she started moving faster and faster until much to my extreme pleasure and surprise she started to orgasm. It wasn't the screaming, earth shattering thing you see in the porn movies. Rather it was a series of gasping breaths, solid contractions of the spectacular cunt all followed by such a sigh of satisfaction that I thought she might pass out. Of course, I blew my load the instant she started to cum! 

She let herself lean forward until she was lying on top of me and she whispered in my ear "I thought you said you were quick on the trigger." All I could do was smile and try to catch my breath. I had a sneaking suspicion this was just the beginning.

One of the things I do take pride in when it comes to sexual encounters is being able and also willing to go the extra mile (no pun intended) to please my partner, so after we caught our breath, I slid out from under her and positioned myself between her very nice thighs. For a few moments, I simply admired her gorgeous cleanly shaved cunt. Admiration doesn't do much for ones partner however, so I started running my hands up and down the insides of her thighs, very gently, each time drawing closer and closer to my goal of opening those sexy lips to taste the juices already running down toward the crack of her ass. As I moved closer and closer to her pussy lips, I began blowing softly on her clit. She jumped at first, but from the moan that escaped her lips, I could tell that she was enjoying it.

I finally had enough delayed gratification (and I know she did too) and I brought my tongue to the tip of her swollen clit. I licked it softly, lingering there for a few minutes before sliding it down her pussy lips to her vagina. I stuck my tongue in as far as I could and brought out a generous sample of her cum still mixed with a little of mine. I slid up her body, and kissed her, sharing the wonderful taste and the scent of her on my face. 

I moved back down her body, stopping on the way to suck on her nipples. They were hard and I quickly learned very sensitive. She held my head there for a few minutes, and then softly pushed me back down toward her awaiting pussy. I began in earnest to make love to her clit and vagina. Again, I lost track of time. All I know is I was thoroughly enjoying myself when without warning, BAM! She clamped my head between her thighs like a vise and shuddered through her orgasm.

I thought she might need a short break, but as soon as she was able to catch her breath, she took my face in her hands, pulled me up to her face and began to kiss me all over. We shifted positions again, and the next thing I knew she had my already hard cock in her mouth and was giving me one of the best blow jobs I had ever experienced. 

This time, I stopped her after a while (difficult as it was) and shifted positions again, getting her on her hands and knees with me behind her. Oh, my, what a beautiful sight! I rimmed her, licked her pussy again and finally, when she could take no more she told me to fuck her and fuck her hard. Who was I to argue?

I slid my cock into her awaiting pussy and started in earnest to give this truck-driving dream the fucking she so obviously desired. I took it a little easy at first just to tease her. She started pushing back at every thrust, and before too long we were matching each other's rhythm thrust for thrust.

Suddenly, she pulled forward far enough for my cock to slip from her sopping cunt. She flipped over on her back and grabbed me by the hips, positioned my cock at the opening of her incredibly hot cunt and pulled me into her again. "I want to watch your face when I make you come." She did... both! But just as I was ready to explode again, she told me to pull out and come on her tits. I was so worked up that my cum shot across her stomach all the way to the tops of those luscious breasts. She ran her hands around her stomach and tits and down into her pussy and as I lay down beside her, we shared in the feast we had just created.

I spent the rest of that night in her truck. The next night, we went to "my place." I've never had such a wonderful trip across these great United States as that one, and believe me, we sure took our time. Maybe if I have the time again, I'll share some of the rest of the trip...