 It had been a long day filled with endless meetings. James was exhausted and seriously needed to relax. He headed to the executive coffee room looking for some quiet time. His head ached from the mindless ramblings of middle management. He often thought they just spoke for the sake of it; desperately trying to get noticed. All they ever succeeded in doing was giving him a headache. 

He poured himself a coffee and eased himself into one of the dark brown leather chairs. The cool feeling of the leather didn't take long in getting through his wool suit. He sat up and removed the cumbersome jacket. Leaning back against the chair he let the soft leather relax him. Closing his eyes he let his mind wander.

His lunch time meeting had been the worst of the day. The product review meeting was for another department, but their manager skipped out and they had roped James in. He knew nothing about the product, and didn't want to. The only upside had been Jen from the tech department. Her tight blouse did nothing to hide her perfect breasts, barely encased in the white lacy bra. Sitting at the far end of the table with everyone looking down the other end, James had no problem eyeing up her breasts from the side. Watching them rise and fall with every breath she took. The gentle shake as she laughed at the presentation. He imagined how his cock would look as it slid up and down her deep cleavage - her hard nipples rubbing against his hands as he forced her breasts together encasing him. 

James felt the familiar stirring in his trousers as he sat comfortably in the leather chair. He heard someone enter the coffee room and he raised his head, opening his eyes. He looked over and acknowledged Richard coming over to join him. Richard looked like he felt. James sat up slightly trying to adjust the growing bulge in his trousers. Richard sat down opposite him placing his drink on the small table separating them. 

'Looks as though you've had the same kind of day I have' James commented once Richard had settle in.

'Stupid, meaningless meetings! Yet another day of getting nothing productive done. I'm going to be here all night at this rate...' James let the man rant on about his day and how even now, long after going home time, he still had a desk full of papers waiting to be shuffled back and forth. 

Richard finally got tired of hearing himself rant. He looked at James and realised that he had stopped paying attention and smiled thinking how he must sound. James smiled back and enjoyed the moment. Suddenly they both laughed at how he must have sounded.

The two men continued chatting about their respective days and their lack of decent home lives. Both the men were single and basically lived in the office. It was nothing for them to work until 9 or 10 at night, and then be back in for a 7am start. 

Richard picked up a management magazine from the table and began idly thumbing through it. James looked distantly at the cover, still thinking about Jen's breasts and his cock, and his eyes dropped naturally to the ground. As he did so he couldn't help but notice the large bulge in Richard's trousers. The two men had known each other for years, but James had never noticed this happening before. He was surprised at how much the other man's cock and balls protruded from his crotch. He found himself fascinated by Richard's crotch. It had been a very long time since he had thought about another man's genitals, but this man's had him transfixed. 

Richard could sense James looking at him. Peering over the top of the magazine he was surprised to see his friend blatantly staring at his crotch. He looked down at himself and was surprised at how big he looked. 'I must be sitting just right!' he thought to himself. 

Carefully turning the page of the magazine he watched as James slowly tilted his head sideways as he continued to stare at his crotch. Despite himself, he found the attention was starting to have an effect on him. He straightened himself up to try and stop from getting an erection. The confines of his trousers and the staring were not helping.

James pulled his eyes away as the other man sat up. Looking out the window he wondered what had come over him. He tried to revisit the image of Jen's breasts in his head. But all he could think of was wondering what was really inside those trousers. He could feel his erection growing and hoped that Richard wouldn't notice. He couldn't exactly get up and leave, as it would have made it even more obvious. He tried to look calm and collected as he surveyed the room to see if they were still alone. At this hour he was pretty sure no one would be in here, or anywhere in the building come to think of it. 

Straightening out did little to help Richard. It only gave his cock more room to grow. He watched as James tried not to look back at his crotch. Looking down he noticed that the other man was starting to get hard as well. He watched James' erection as it started to slowly creep down his thigh. Looking up he caught himself looking straight into James' eyes.

Both men sat silently staring at each other. Neither moving; except the involuntary flex of a growing hardon in James' trousers. It caught Richard's eye and he glanced down. His own erection throbbed as he saw his friend's cock straining in his trouser leg. 

James looked down at what Richard was staring at. Knowing the other man was watching he flexed his now fully erect cock as hard as he could. Looking over at the other man he watched as his cock grew and filled his trousers. 

'Real bastard of a day today, wasn't it?' James' voice surprised Richard out of his stare. 

'Yeah. Days like this make me wonder why we do it' He hoped his voice didn't show his excitement, or his nerves. He had never been with another man, but for that matter he hadn't been with anyone in months, and the attention he was getting was turning him on a great deal. 

'The hardest part is trying to find decent relief from the stress of it all' James continued as if Richard hadn't said anything at all. He was in a trance. He knew he wanted to see what was hiding in Richard's trousers, he just didn't know how. He watched with fascination as his friend's erection continued to grow. It looked as though it was going to burst free if it wasn't released soon. He knew he would have to take a bold chance if he was to release what was lurking beneath the fine wool trousers.

Richard watched as James slowly reached down and began rubbing the length of his cock through his trousers. He glanced around nervously to see if they were alone. Looking back he saw his friend gripping his erect cock through his trousers. Slowly he watched as James reached up and slowly started to unzip his trousers. He was frozen with fear. He had only ever seen another man's erection in porn movies. He was torn between telling him to stop and just simply joining him. His trousers were starting to cause his erection some pain.

James finished unzipping himself and slowly undid his belt and top button. Reaching inside his trousers he pushed his boxers aside and gripped his cock at the base. Pulling gently, finally he freed his cock. He sighed heavily as the cool air caressed his cock and gradually he sunk down in the chair feeling the satisfaction of having his straining cock now free. 

Richard couldn't believe what he was seeing. He watched as James slowly slid his hand up and down his cock. He pulled the foreskin up over the head and slowly brought his hand back down to the very base. Then he stopped. He had never seen anyone else's erect cock before, let alone watched them jerk off. He was fascinated with the way the engorged head shone in the dim light of the coffee room. 

James watched as Richard sat transfixed staring at his now free cock. He looked at the man's crotch and watched as the hidden cock flexed involuntarily. James stood up and let his trousers fall to the floor. He slowly eased his boxers off and stepped away from his clothes. His cock was jutting out in front of him in a gentle 8" arch. 

Richard sat transfixed as the erect cock bobbed gently as it approached him. He stared at the swollen head. He had never seen another cock from this angle before, and it was having a real effect on him. He felt is cock straining painfully in his trousers but was frozen in his chair, unable to move. He watched as James removed the magazine in his hand and placed in on the chair next to him. He could smell the distinctive odour of the other man's cock as it came within inches of him. 

James was on a mission now. He reached down and grabbed at the massive erection hiding in Richard's trousers. The man did nothing to stop him so he continued on his mission to see what he was hiding. He slowly knelt down and quickly undid his belt and top button. He hurriedly unzipped the trousers in fear that Richard would stop him. He shouldn't have worried as Richard gently lifted himself up to help him lower his trousers. James made sure he grabbed the man's boxers as well. He wanted to see everything all at once. He wasn't let down. As the boxers slid past Richard's cock it sprang up proud and very, very hard. James' eyes widened as he looked at the enormous cock in front of him. He thought that it was the biggest cock he had ever seen. It must have been at least 11 or 12 inches and as thick as his wrist. His egg sized balls hung down low between his legs. 

Richard was in a trance as he watched James stare at his cock. The cool air surrounding his cock was a relief and he sighed gently. He had never been in a situation like this, and it was all happening so fast. He had never dreamt of being with a man, and yet here he was with his cock just inches from his friend's face. He looked at James' eyes and saw only lust there. He wasn't surprised when he felt the man's hand slowly grip his cock and began caressing it. Not quite stroking it, but just gently moving his hands over the soft skin. Richard was trembling with nervousness, but also from the excitement. He moaned despite himself when James' hands reached the head of his cock and rubbed his pre-cum into the soft purple flesh. 

James' mind was reeling. It had been years since he had seen another man's erect cock and he loved every second of it. The feel of the soft flesh beneath his finger tips, to the smell of the other man's musk. He gently squeezed the enormous cock between his thumb and index finger and coaxed another drop of pre-cum from the engorged head. He watched transfixed as it gently formed and began to roll down the underside of Richard's cock. He gripped the cock in his fist and firmly stroked all the way to the base, pushing his hand hard into the soft pubic hair causing Richard's cock to flex powerfully. In the back of his head he heard Richard moan deeply in his chest and looked up briefly to see his head back and his eyes closed. His chest rising and falling rapidly as James' firm grip on his cock began slowly working his way back up his cock. 

Richard's cock ached as his friend slowly, firmly stroked his cock. He involuntarily arched his hips upward trying to force the hand gripping him to move quicker. The strange sensation of a man stroking him was driving him wild. Opening his eyes and looking down he was surprised to see James staring back at him. He knew the raw look of lust in James' eyes was being reflected back. He thought how nice it felt to have someone else jerking him off. He would have been more than satisfied to sit here and simply enjoy the sensations. 

Never breaking his eye contact James move quickly and engulfed the purple head with his mouth. Richard gasped loudly, throwing his head back and thrusting up sharply. James allowed the other man to push his manhood further into his mouth. He strained to stretch his mouth over the enormous cock filling his mouth. He only managed to get the first inch or two into his mouth before the thickness became too much. He swirled his tongue quickly over the head eager to taste as much as he could. He moved his mouth off and pushed his tongue hard into the small piss hole, madly licking up and down the length of the slit. He gripped the cock firmly at the base and pushed down hard, keeping Richard pinned to the chair. 

Flexing hard into the hand that painfully gripped his cock, Richard fought to push deeper into the mouth now wrapped around him. Looking down he watched as James sucked the delicate flesh beneath the head of his cock. He strained hard now as the sensations flooded through his entire body. He watched as the man between his legs lapped up and down the length of his cock, stopping only to suck and nibble at the sides of his cock, as he eagerly bathed him in saliva. 

Releasing the cock from his grip James stood up quickly, a groan of frustration from Richard the only noise in the room. Moving forward between his legs he leaned over and dragged his own cock against the one in front of him, now slick with saliva. As the two cocks touched both men sighed deeply as the new sensation made them shiver in delight. James continued to move forward and up his friend's body until his cock pointed directly in his face. He wasted no time in pushing forward and parting Richard's lips with his hard cock. He watched as his cock pushed without resistance between the other man's lips. He felt the teeth as he continued forward, constantly pushing.

Richard slowly opened his mouth to his first cock. He breathed in deeply and his senses were filled with the sweat musk of James' crotch. His cock ached from the ministrations it had so recently felt. The cock pushing into his mouth reached his tongue and he tasted the salty head as it eased further into his mouth. He sensed that the cock would keep going until it was buried deep in his throat. He reached up and grabbed the cock around the base as his hand pressed against his lips. His mouth felt full of cock and he closed his eyes and swirled his tongue around the tip. 

James moaned deeply as he began pulling out of Richard's mouth. He could feel the other man's tongue whipping around him causing him to shiver deeply from the sensations. He leaned back pulling his cock out of the warm wet mouth surrounding his erection. He paused leaving only the swollen head in side the confines of Richard's mouth, feeling the tongue that lashed around him. He began slowly pushing back in again. Slowly he worked his cock in and out of the other man's mouth, fucking his face with a slow determined rhythm. He could feel his climax nearing and wanted desperately to unload into the mouth so expertly pleasing him. Pulling back and standing up right he gasped and look down at Richard.

The look of lust glaring back at him was undeniable. He had held on to James' cock as it pulled away from him. He now held it gently feeling how hard it had gotten, slowly stroking downward he cup the other man's balls, feeling how tight they had gotten -- pulled up hard into his cock. He watched as James regained his composure and reached out to grip his own aching cock. The two men watched each other as they stroked the other's cock. 

James need to recover from his impending climax and the hand fondling his balls were not helping. He knelt down again and engulfed the enormous cock once again. He worked the cock feverishly in and out of his mouth, using both hands to stroke and fondle any part of the cock not in his mouth. He heard Richard give out a long guttural moan as he worked the cock quicker and quicker. Moving off with his mouth he continued to stroke the cock with both hands. He was amazed at the size of it in his hand. He watched as Richard's balls began to tighten making the cock in his hands even bigger. He knew Richard was close to cumming now. 

The sensations sweeping through his body started to overcome the young office manager. He could feel the start of his climax and knew that it was going to be intense. He was desperate to cum but was worried about where James was going to take it. He needn't have worried long as his cock was once again engulfed in the wetness of his mouth. He held back as long as he could, but the tongue lashing the delicate underside of his head sent him over the edge. He cried out as the first wave of orgasm rocketed from his balls, up his spine and into his brain. He thrust forceably up into the eager mouth sucking him dry. He felt the first splash of cum rush through his cock and out the burning hole at its tip.

He knew Richard was about to cum but didn't expect the force at which he did. The first wave of cum stuck the roof of his mouth followed quickly by another huge load right down his throat. He grabbed the spasming cock harder and stroked with new enthusiasm, forcing more and more cum into his mouth. He swallowed hard, trying to keep up with the volume of cum spewing forth into his mouth. He felt it leaking from his mouth and running down his chin. He wondered if he would ever stop cumming. 

Slowly he felt his cock begin to slow its eruptions of cum into James' mouth. He couldn't believe the force and intensity of his orgasm. He opened his eyes and looked down, first seeing his chest rising and falling heavily as he gasped for breath. Further down he watched as James licked and sucked at his slowly subsiding cock, eagerly cleaning any lost cum that hadn't gone in his mouth. He shivered deeply as James gripped him hard, coaxing another drop of cum out of his cock and licking it off the top of his cock. 

James was burning up with the desire to cum. He released his grip on Richard's cock and quickly moved back up to the other man's mouth. Straddling the chair he grabbed the man's head and forced him down on his aching cock. He watched as his mouth opened and eagerly sucked his cock into his waiting mouth. He quickly restarted fucking the man's face, eager to release his own cum. He was impressed with how quickly Richard had learned to give expert blowjobs. In no time at all he was on the edge of cumming. He groaned heavily and made no attempt and pulling out of Richard's mouth. He was going to unload in his mouth if he liked it or not. 

Richard didn't know what to expect. So far the evening had been filled with new experiences. He had never even seen another man's erect cock before a few minutes ago and now he was about to receive his first load of another man's cum. He gagged slightly as the first shot of cum shot forth and into the back of his mouth. He had no choice but to swallow and the steady stream of cum pulsed out into his mouth. He could barely register the taste as it all happened so fast. He kept swallowing as James continued to fuck his face. Finally the other man finished and slumped back in his lap, dragging his cock out of his mouth.

James looked up as he felt Richard's cock resting against his bare ass. He had cum with such intensity that he knew he wouldn't be able to stand. He opened his eyes and looked down at the cum dripping from Richard's mouth. The two men sat and stared at each other as their erections slowly ebbed away. James shivered and felt the large limp cock slither between his ass cheeks. He groaned again and slowly began to stand up. His legs were weak. He stopped himself from falling by reaching down and resting his hand on Richard's thigh. 

Richard closed his eyes as his friend got up off of him. He was surprised by the tinge of regret as his cock was removed from the ass cheeks it had nestled so comfortably into. He watched as James turned around and bent over to pick up his clothes. He found himself staring directly into the other man's ass and watching his balls sit between his legs. He slowly reached out and ran his finger up James' balls and along his ass crack. He could feel his cock stirring as his finger passed over the puckered hole. 

James froze as he felt pressure against his ass...