 Sara jolted awake, panic rising her throat as her mind raced in confusion. The crashing noise which awakened her sounded again. Throwing off the quilt, she raced to the window in time to see a pickup truck towing a metal trailer drive down her street. It reached the speed bump at the end of the cul de sac. Once again a metallic clang echoed through the quiet neighborhood. It was her neighbor going to work an hour early and being especially noisy at that. Cursing softly, Sara walked back to bed, her pounding heart still trying to fly from her chest.

Crawling back to bed, Sara tried to return to sleep but couldn't. She glanced at the bedside clock, 5:10am. Her alarm would sound in less than an hour. It wasn't worth trying to sleep. The coffeepot would start at 6:00 and she didn't feel like leaving her warm nest. She lay still, gazing at the image of a streetlight in the mirror.

Sara's mind wandered to the coming day. Midweek, it should be busy but steady. Shuffling papers, or rather computer files, for a government agency wasn't exciting but over the years she had learned to enjoy her job and especially her co-workers. For the most part they were great people and she spent more time with them than with some of her family. Though that wasn't necessarily a bad thing, she mused. Sara would spend the first two hours reading and returning emails and handling phone messages. That would be followed by a two hour meeting/training, mandatory every month. After lunch she would start the three projects she was currently assigned.

Sara pondered what to wear. The dress code was fairly casual. No shorts, nothing too revealing, etc. Common sense that had to be put in writing. She decided to wear a skirt and blouse. The area manager sometimes attended these meetings and it never hurt to make a good impression, especially as she considered applying for the upcoming management position. Her mode of dress would certainly separate her from colleagues whose clothing could be considered casual at best.

Sara giggled, remembering the intern from two weeks before. On assignment from a local university, he arrived the first day wearing a tank top with university logo and cutoff jeans. Although most of the ladies appreciated the view, he was quickly sent home to change. The poor kid didn't seem to realize the issue. Still, it was nice to have eye candy who could run errands and do scut work.

Sara had quickly decided he was a cross county runner, though she had absolutely no basis for that. His legs were lean and muscular but his thighs did not have the mass of a sprinter. His boyish, open face was cute and set off by stylish blonde hair.

He was ignored by most of the employees however Sara requested he assist with her projects. They required quite a bit of research. Sara preferred to staple her fingers to a desk than spend hours reading archived newspaper articles. Michael, that was his name, seemed to revel in this. She gladly gave him the responsibility.

Sara and Michael found themselves huddled in an office for at least an hour a day, going over his findings and integrating them into her writings. She found him to be intelligent and witty once he came out of his shell. Sara noticed his manicured fingers. This made an immediate impression on her. The fact she caught him taking sidelong glances at her chest when he thought she wouldn't notice didn't hurt. It had been quite some time since she had been admired this way. After her last break up, Sara's ego needed every boost it could get. Although literally old enough to be his mother, she found herself swiveling away, stretching so her breasts strained the thin fabric of her blouse. She hoped he appreciated the view. She certainly noticed the bulge in his khaki slacks.

Sara felt herself begin to flush under the heavy quilt. Her hand drifted down her body, coming to rest just above her waist. She imagined how it would play out.

*****

Sara sat in her swivel chair, Michael sitting in front of her. The office was practically empty as they worked late. The project deadline had been moved up one week. They finished the pizza she had ordered. If the kid had to stay, the least she could do was feed him. As they chatted, Michael lamented his latest break up. The second or third love of his life had dumped him. Sara fought the urge to smile. Michael had much to learn about life and women she mused.

Michael commented on her desk photo. That was her daughter, Amy, who was working on the opposite coast. They discussed the her career as Sara explained her daughter's MBA program. Michael commented they could be sisters. Sara flushed even as she pointed out the comment was inappropriate for the workplace. Even though she had discussed raunchy details with her friends over lunch, he was still an intern and she should be setting a good example.

Sara reached past him for the last slice of pizza. Her heel caught on the chair caster and she slid forward. Michael caught her as her hands landed on his muscular thighs, his cupping her breast. In the several seconds it took Sara to untangle her legs and sit up, she felt her nipple harden under his palm and his cock harden under her hand. Flushing, she apologized in a sputter, her face beet red. She noticed him staring at her chest as rock hard nipples protruded from her red blouse. His gaze rose to her face and Sara was suddenly lost in his brown eyes.

To her surprise, Sara leaned forward and kissed Michael. After a moment he responded, his lips pressing hers. The kiss must have lasted a minute before she pushed away. Sara stared at the floor in shock at what she had done. Michael took her hands in his, raising them, his lips brushing her palms. Sara's face rose and he smiled. She uncertainly returned the smile and he leaned forward to kiss once again.

After several minutes his hands rose to her breasts, softly touching the soft mounds through her blouse and bra. Soon his fingers had her blouse open. Sara broke away, reaching behind to unfasten the bra, letting it fall away. Michael's hand immediately cupped her heavy breasts, squeezing and lifting them. Sara moaned and leaned forward to kiss him again. It had been so long since she was touched in this manner. She slid forward, her crotch resting on his thigh, muscles meeting soft lips through thin fabric.

She slowly slid back and forth as they kissed, leaving a moist streak on his leg.

Sara's red nails traced his growing cock, feeling it harden, circling the head. She unzipped his trousers, slim fingers pulling until his young cock sprang free. Sara broke away and dropped to the carpeted floor. She kissed its' lovely tip, her tongue tracing the shaft, his tangy taste flooding her senses. As expected, he was fully erect in seconds. Sara took a deep breath, looked Michael in the eye and took his cock deep in her mouth. She didn't break eye contact until just before her lips touched his belt. After five seconds she slowly rose, his wet shaft emerging from her lips until it popped free, a trail of saliva still connecting them. Sara continued sucking softly, bringing him to the edge before backing off, his gasps of disappointment bringing a smile to her face. She finally tired of the game and her head continued to bob as he approached release. With a moan he erupted in her mouth, hot cum filling her as she swallowed as fast as she could. Her mouth almost overflowed but Sara redoubled her efforts and kept his juices behind her lips. The thrusts slowed and finally stopped. Sara kept him in her mouth until he began to soften. Letting him drop free, she rose. Michael leaned forward and their lips met. As they did, Sara spit the last bit of spunk remaining in her mouth into his. Michael jolted at the bitter tastes but she did not let him pull away. After a few seconds he relaxed and the kiss continued.

After a few minutes Sara stood up. She looked around the office. The desk and floor were covered with files. She wondered how they hadn't been knocked over. Taking Michael's hand, she pulled him to his feet. She led him by hand to the adjoining conference room. Without turning on the light, they stepped in. Security lights provided enough illumination. Sara let her skirt drop the the floor. Reaching down, she found him erect. A smile came to her face as she remembered the advantage of younger lovers.

Sara boosted herself onto the mahogany table, pulling Michael between her legs. He attempted to kiss between her legs but she stopped him, wanting more. He stepped between her thighs as she guided his again throbbing cock. Pulling aside her panties, she stroked his soft head up and down her lips until he was wet. Michael sensed the moment, leaning forward, letting Sara guide his cock into her pink tunnel.

Sara lay on her back, wrapping her stilettos around his muscular back. Michael began to thrust, first slowly then faster as she adjusted to his intrusion. She watched him in the glass wall, his muscular ass clenching with each thrust, his pants on the floor, his muscular arms on each side of her body. His powerful thrusts would have pushed her across the table if not for her purchase around his waist. Her heavy breasts bounced across her chest, unbound by her bra. One hand squeezed her breast, feeling the hard nipple in her palm and the other furiously rubbed her clit. Sara felt her orgasm approaching and concentrated on her pleasure. The waves started deep in her cunt, her moans filling the room, her eyes closing as sensations swept through her body. Michael felt her pussy walls grip his cock, squeezing, attempting to hold his shaft inside. His second orgasm of the night sprang forth, his young cock filling her cunt with a load of cum. The spurts of hot fluid pushed Sara over the edge and she cried out, almost losing consciousness.

Michael's thrusts slowed and he finally collapsed on her, his weight pinning her to the cold surface. After several minutes he stood, his soft cock leavings a trail of cum on the polished surface. Sara followed. Walking to a nearby cabinet, she used a box of tissues to wipe herself clean then tucking a folded tissue in her panties. Michael reappeared. Apparently he had been to the men's room and was now presentable. Sara put on her skirt, fastened her bra, buttoned her blouse and wiped the table clean. It wouldn't do to leave cum for the cleaning crew to find.

Returning to her work station, Sara shut down her computer, turning off the lights. The almost empty pizza box and water bottles were dropped in the trash. Michael stood next to her in an uncomfortable silence. She smiled and stroked his face. He smiled back as they silently agreed this would never be mentioned.

*****

The harsh alarm jolted Sara awake. Her hand furiously swept across the nightstand until the offending device was silenced. She lay still for a two minutes, enjoying post orgasmic bliss before getting out of bed. Her best lover, the coffee pot, awaited her attention before starting yet another day at the office.