 Do not post this story at any other site without this authors permission. Just ask nicely.

*****

She entered his domain quietly, the only sound was the clicking of her heels on the tiled floor, and the soft, swishing sound of the full-length leather coat she wore, as it moved with her body. He sat quietly in the chair behind his desk, watching her as she neared him. Her long dark hair flowing into the hood of her coat; some of it falling softly around her face.

She came to a halt in front of him just out of his reach. In a low, sultry voice, she spoke to him, “Hi baby, I’m here.”

Slowly she pulled open the full-length coat revealing her body underneath, clad only in a pair of black, lace, bikini panties. Black leather boots, with 2-inch heels, came a quarter of the way up her calves on her feet.

His gaze dropped slightly, not expecting this. She saw this and grinned impishly, before their eyes met. He stood and walked to her, taking her in his arms, his hands slipping inside the coat, touching her body. He ran his hands all over her body, exploring her. She was new to him, yet she wasn’t. He had had her many times in his mind, but now she was physically his... she was actually here in his office and in his arms.

She tipped her head back and ran her tongue over his bottom lip, before sucking it gently into her mouth. His hands continuing to explore. Slowly, he pushed the coat back over her shoulders, letting it drop to the floor around her.

He took her again in his arms and kissed her hard on the mouth. Then he moved to her neck, where he began running his tongue over her, tasting her cologne. The smell of her making him drunk with want. He slowly began working his way down her body. His tongue tasting her breasts, full and heavy. Then down over her stomach. His tongue diving suddenly into her belly button, causing a gasp from her.

As he reached her panties, he pressed his face in against her pussy, breathing in her musky scent. Moving up slightly he got the top of her panties in his mouth and began pulling them down with his teeth. His hands coming up her thighs over her ass to gently help pull the panties off of her. His hands slid down over her ass taking the panties with them, his teeth pulling them down in the front.

He pulled them over her boots, the chains on her boots jingling slightly. She lifted her foot and he pulled the panties off. Then she lifted the other foot and he pulled them completely off. His hands sliding back up over the boots, up over her calves to her thighs. Moving to the inside of her thighs and up until he touched the softness of her pussy hair. He ran his hand over the hair, closing his hand around it. Leaning in, he kissed her stomach, as his hands opened her to him.

She took a step outward, spreading her legs wider for him. His mouth dipping down to taste her. Hands spreading her pussy lips wide, his tongue darted over her clit, making her gasp with surprise and pleasure. His tongue working over her, darting back and forth over her. Suddenly he sucked her into his mouth, as her breath caught in her throat.

Her hands running through his dark hair; down over his wide shoulders; down over his 

strong arms. Touching him softly with her fingertips. Her touch setting him on fire.

Once he had her clit securely in his mouth, his hands moved around to her ass. He cupped her ass cheeks and suddenly pulled her into him, burying his face in her. Moans of pleasure escaping from her as her head dropped back in exctasy, her nails raking along his arms and shoulders.

Getting to his feet, be brought himself to his full height of over 6’. Taking her in his arms, he scooped her nude body up, and carried her to the desk. He placed her on it, then sat down in the chair facing her. Going into his desk, he retrieved two long, leather laces. He secured first one booted foot to the chair, then the other. Her legs spread open revealing herself to him.

He grasped the heels of her boots and leaned forward, his tongue finding her again. He could feel her trying to move, but she was at his mercy. Her feet securely tied to the chair; his hands grasping the heels of her boots, rendering her helpless to move away.

Her hands behind her supporting her, she pushed her hips forward as his tongue entered her. His tongue moving slowly in and out of her. Her head falling back, her back arching, she let him continue to probe her with his tongue.

Sliding the chair back, her legs straightening, he reached up and grabbed her hips, pulling her to him. Her ass close to the edge of the desk now. Standing now, he eased her body down onto the desk, her head hanging over the edge. He stepped over her legs carefully and walked around to the front of the desk. There he pulled his shirt over his head. Then undid his pants, letting them drop to the floor. He removed his underwear and stepped closer to her.

Her long hair cascading down, he stepped into her and she reached to take his cock in 

her hand. He was already semi-hard. She reached back with her other hand touching his hip, drawing him to her. His cock touching her lips, she opened her mouth to take him. His hands reaching down to twine in her hair and hold her head as he began to pump in and out of her waiting mouth. Her hand reaching down to caress and squeeze his balls.

He continued to fuck her mouth as his hands caressed her breasts and then slid down her stomach. He stepped back slightly so he wouldn’t choke her and slid his finger in over her exposed clit. Her body writhing as he stroked her. Her mouth working at his cock.

Wetness spread over his hand as she came under his touch and he pulled out of her mouth. Lifting her head, he kissed her passionately. He was about to explode but he held off. He wanted to explode inside of her.

He walked back around behind the desk, stepping over her legs again. He pulled her ass closer to him until her head was resting on the desk. He rubbed his cock around her exposed pussy. She arched toward him, but he pulled back, teasing her.

“Please?” she begged.

He stepped into her again. The head of his throbbing cock touching her opening. Putting his hands on her hips, he eased himself into her, gently taking her. He moved into her easily, as she opened herself to him.

He reached up grasping her shoulders and thrust deep into her, as she cried out in pleasure. He pulled almost completely out of her and thrust again. Her body arching as her juices flowed over him, and around him as he continued to pump into her. He began pumping harder and he felt her struggling to get out of the bonds that held her feet.

“Please? Untie me so I can wrap my legs around you,” she begged. 

“No,” he told her in short gasps. “I have you where I want you.”

Fucking her quicker now, her struggling only exciting him more. He was in control. Pushing deeper with each stroke, his balls slapping against her ass. With one last hard stroke, he shot his seed deep into her as she screamed his name.

Reaching under her, he pulled her shaking body into his arms, kissing her. Her body jerking in his arms as his cock jerked inside her. He held her for a long time, going soft inside her. When he finally went soft enough, he slipped out of her and stepped back to sit down in the chair.

While they rested, he undid the leather laces, which held her feet. He removed her boots and placed her feet between his legs, so she could rest her legs. When she had rested her legs for a few minutes, her feet slipped up his thighs. He took her feet and placed them around his cock. Still wet from her, her feet slid easily up and down the length of him. Soon, he was hard and ready to go again.

Taking her feet away from him, she slipped to the floor, getting her legs back under her. She turned away from him and leaned over the desk. His hands spread her as his cock slid deep into her cunt again. Bending his knees slightly and pushing up, lifting her off her feet. Bending and lifting her as she moaned his name over and over.

He drove deeper and deeper, burying himself completely in her. Her hands clenching and unclenching the edge of the desk. He rode her steadily, pumping in and out of her. Driving in and out of her. Her hand reached down between her legs and she began rubbing her clit as he thrust in and out of her.

He pulled her body up off of the desk, slightly, and pulled her with him back to the chair. Still inside her, he eased himself down into the chair, pulling her into his lap, impaling her.

She laid her head back against his shoulder, turning her head to the right to kiss him. His hand running down over her breast. The other hand moving over her hip and down to her pussy. His finger slid back and forth, over her clit, feeling it harden as he continued to pump inside her. His strong arms wrapped around her. Working his finger in small circles over her clit he felt her cum flow over him again. Running out and down over his balls.

She reached back taking his head in her hands, pulling his lips to hers as she arched her back, pushing him deep into her. Once again, he exploded in her. Knowing that this might be their first and last time together ever, they were determined to leave one another satisfied.

“I love you,” she whispered in her ear.

She turned, looking him in the eyes. “I love you too, baby!” Then she kissed him once again. She eased off of him and started retrieving her boots, panties and coat.

As she bent to pull on her panties, he came up behind her and grabbed her hips. “You are wonderful!”

She turned to him smiling and said, “You ain’t too bad yourself.”

He took her in his arms again, kissing her again, neither of them wanting to break the embrace. She lay her head on his chest, and he continued to hold her.

“I wish you didn’t have to go,” he whispered.

“I can’t miss my flight,” she replied.

“Okay,” he said turning her loose.

She slipped the boots and coat back on. Kissing him once more she then turned and headed for the door. When she reached the door, she turned to him again. Grinning impishly she said, “See you online, baby! I love you.”

5-2-99