 I knew I shouldn't call, but I called anyway. I should be glad that there is a loyal man left out there. I shouldn't tempt him. But I was missing his touch. Needing to go there again.

The call was short and sweet.

"I need your opinion on something," I said with a smile. I knew that he would know immediately that I was teasing but I figured it would take a few minutes for him to figure out that I had only called to seduce him.

"Something very delicate." I paused. He didn't say anything. I am sure he was caught off guard, wondering if he should make a serious response or if he should respond to my teasing tone. "Something pressing," I added barely above a whisper.

"OK," he responded cautiously. "Can we do this over the phone? Or do you need to come in?"

"I definitely need to come," I paused for only a second, "in." That was easy enough, I thought. "And since this is really of a personal nature, do you think it would be best if you stay late and I meet you there around 6:00?" I made sure my tone was light and teasing so he would know it was a proposition.

This was his opening. If he wasn't interested, he would say he couldn't stay late and that I could ask him over the phone or come in during regular hours. If he was planning on being good, this was his chance to prevent all mixed signals, all hints of impropriety. 

The silence made me uncomfortable. Was he going to turn me down?

"Make it 6:30," he finally said. His voice was quiet. A little unsure. I knew he wanted me there but that he also knew it was a bad idea, given his current relationship situation.

Still..... it would be good. And some days everyone needs good.

There wasn't much left to say after that, so I quickly said my goodbyes and hung up.

I was nervous. I am not in the habit of seducing men, especially men who are in serious relationships with other women. But my life had been a little crazy, and I hadn't had the time or energy to put into a relationship. So, being in a little lull with work, I started getting antsy. I needed a man who would kiss me. Touch me in all the right places. Make me beg and scream and claw at the sheets. I didn't really want to bother with looking for Mr. Right. I wasn't really even interested in looking for a new lover. I just wanted to be made love to by a man who didn't need instructions, one who already knew every inch of my body, one who would take me where I needed to go again and again. There is comfort in the familiar. And in this case, there is also screaming, clawing, biting, sweaty orgasms in the familiar. Too many nights alone, I had replayed those fabulous orgasms over and over my head. And tonight I planned on living them out again.

I walked to the door of his office and stopped on the steps. I could see inside but not all the way to his desk. I could see shadows moving but that would be expected. He never sits still. I could hear music drifting from his office but it wasn't loud enough to identify. I placed my hand on the knob and tried to turn it. He had locked it when everyone else left for the day. I knocked softly.

He popped out of his office and headed straight for the door. "I didn't hear you out here," he said apologetically.

"No problem," I replied. I looked up into his eyes and tried to read him. I am sure there was excitement but also a little hesitation. Guilt maybe? Or did he think he deserved the little diversion for what he puts up with? I wasn't sure but I didn't plan to ask. I really wasn't interested in small talk at all.

I took two steps towards him and leaned up until my lips were almost touching his. Our eyes were locked together. Both of us hesitated, waiting for the other. I wanted to kiss him. Even more I wanted him to kiss me. To take me in his arms and kiss me until I lost my breath. Instead, we stood practically nose to nose, not daring to break that gaze, waiting to see who wanted to be in control tonight.

I leaned in about half a step and whispered, "I want to taste you." I was so close that my lips brushed his lips in a fluttery motion as I spoke.

He swallowed hard. I had surprised him. Caught him off guard. I liked him a little off balance, I discovered. I smiled.

Without kissing him, I turned and walked towards his office. There were too many windows in the reception area and I wasn't going to risk causing trouble for him by getting him caught. He followed close on my heels.

"Did you have a good day?" he asked. He was close. Very close. But I ignored him. I wasn't interested in small talk.

My silence made him uncomfortable and he asked another question. Another question that I wasn't interested in answering. We had made it to his office by this point. I stopped and turned facing him, then slid onto his desk sitting facing him.

"You really don't want to know," I finally answered, reaching for his tie and using it to pull him to me. "I think what you really want to know is if I plan on having a good night."

I smiled a coy smile, locking gazes again. I could tell it unnerved him like he thought I was trying to look directly into his soul. But that was the desired effect.

"And I can assure you, it's going to be one hell of a night."

I pulled him the last two inches to me so his lips were almost touching mine. Then I leaned into him and brushed my lips against his in a very soft gentle kiss. I felt a tightness in my chest. I had missed those kisses more than I wanted to admit. I pulled him closer and kissed him more passionately.

I felt him hesitate, then his hands went to the side of my face. Just one move and suddenly the power had shifted. Suddenly he was the one kissing me, stroking my face, crushing my lips under his, taking my breath away.

His hands slipped from my face and slid down my shoulders without breaking the kiss. I felt his palms flat against my breasts, nothing but the thin silk fabric of my blouse between his hand and my nipples. A soft noise escaped his lips as my nipples reacted to his touch, a noise that was sort of a cross between a moan, a sigh, and a growl. Just a small involuntary reaction. He grasped my nipples through the silk, holding them between his thumb and middle finger while he flicked across the top with his index finger. My back arched and my head rolled back slightly, a whimper escaping my lips while his mouth went to my neck, kissing from right below my ear to the hollow at the base of my throat, then back up to my ear.

"You like that?" he whispered roughly in my ear as he pinched both nipples hard.

My body responded making my answer unnecessary. But still, he wanted to hear it. He pinched harder and asked again. "Is that what you want?"

I parted my legs and pulled him to me, wrapping my legs around him, my feet hooked around his thighs from behind, holding me there tight. I could hear myself cry out, eyes closed, back arched, as he twisted my nipples hard. My panties were wet. So wet that I knew I probably had a damp spot on the back of my skirt. I didn't have to open my eyes to know that he was watching me, probably smiling as he made me want him more than I had ever wanted anything.

His hands slid across my silky blouse, back to my face. He took my face between his hands and pulled me back to him, kissing me softly again. His fingers moved from my face to the back of my head, twisting in my hair as he moved. He was holding me tight, kissing me hard. I wanted him inside of me.

But I remembered what I had come here for. Not to let him bend me over his desk and fuck me, although that didn't sound bad. At least not under the right circumstances. But I wanted something else. I wanted the thing that had been waking me up in the middle of the night all week.... Driving me to distraction. I wanted to feel him in my mouth.

Unwrapping my legs from around him and breaking the kiss, I pushed him back slightly. I slid off the desk and caught him by the hand, leading him to his chair on the other side of the desk.

"Have a seat," I said sweetly.

He looked a little confused but didn't protest. He trusted that he would like whatever came next.

I dropped to my knees in front of him and leaned in towards him, raising my face to him. He leaned down and kissed me, first stroking my cheek, then running his fingertips across my neck and to the buttons of my blouse. I continued to kiss him, or maybe I was being kissed by him. Sometimes it's hard to tell the difference. But either way, I enjoyed the sensation of his lips against mine, parting my lips with his kiss and exploring my mouth with his tongue, gently sucking my bottom lip between his lips, then kissing my harder as our tongues danced circles around each other. And while I was losing myself in that kiss, his fingers unfastened the buttons on my blouse, exposing my breasts since I wasn't wearing a bra. His fingers found my nipples once again, rolling them between his fingers, sending little electric shocks directly to my pussy.

I reached between his legs, stroking the growing bulge beneath his pants. He was hard. Throbbing hard. There was a little wet spot on this crotch. That first drop of pre-cum. I wanted to taste it.

My fingers fumbled with the button on his pants, still kissing him, still squirming under the waves of pleasure his hands on my breasts were sending through my body. But I managed to get him unbuttoned and unzipped, reaching my hand in his pants and wrapping my hand around his hot hard cock. I'm sure I whimpered again in anticipation. This was what I wanted.

Pulling away from him I lowered my mouth to his hard cock. Slowly and deliberately I pressed my tongue flat against the head. There was that salty sticky drop that told me how excited he was. I licked and tasted his excitement. I felt a little shudder of pleasure go through my body. He would never have any idea how much I liked tasting him. How much I liked feeling him hard under my tongue. How much I loved it when he used my mouth for his pleasure. There was no way he could ever know that this was what I fantasized about in my bed late at night when I touched myself and made myself cum.

I parted my lips and slowly slid the head of his cock between my warm and waiting lips. I kissed it softly at first, then increased the pressure, slightly sucking at his cock. My hot tongue swirled in circles around the smooth head. I loved feeling the smooth skin against my soft lips. I loved tasting the little drops of stickiness leaking out of his cock.

Still with the head of his cock in my mouth, I parted my lips a little and leaned down into him. His cock slipped into my mouth slowly, inch by inch. I remembered the first time I ever took him in my mouth. As I slid his length into my mouth he had told me barely above a whisper, soft and slow, guiding my head the way he liked it. He probably hadn't known at the time how much those words had turned me on. Nothing turns me on more than a man who will guide me exactly how he wants me to make love to him. I like instructions because it gives me the knowledge that I need to eventually be the best lover her ever had. I love being told what he wants. The more detailed the better. I love being guided by his hands exactly where he wants my mouth. I still remember vividly the moment we were in bed and he put his hand on my head, gently pressing me down and sweetly said, "Suck my cock." Just hearing him say those words made me instantly cream in my panties. And feeling his hands on the back of my head gently pushing my head down on his cock had been enough to almost make me cum.

And now, on my knees on his office floor, kneeling between his feet with his hard cock between my lips, his fingers tangled in my hair, guiding me at just the speed it felt best to him, I could feel my panties soaking wet between my thighs.

Oh so slowly I wrapped my lips around the smooth head of his cock, sucking lightly, running my tongue in circles around it. I could feel his breathing quicken, a small shudder running through his body, and I knew it felt good. Slowly I moved my mouth down, caressing the shaft with my lips as I took him deeper in my mouth, no hurry, just sliding his hard cock into my mouth. I pushed his cock deep into my mouth. I could feel the head of his cock bump against the back of my throat. I swallowed to keep from gagging and paused, holding the head of his cock deep in my throat, then slowly pulling back out until the head was between my lips. I pulled back just a little more until my lips were puckered against the head, then licked the tip with the flat of my tongue. 

I could taste him and that taste was driving me crazy. Maybe it was from coming of age in the mid-80's when we all were scared into safe sex, maybe it was just the taboo of it all after all of those years of it being off-limits, but I loved to taste him. I loved to make him cum in my mouth, knowing that I had taken him in the most intimate way possible, knowing I had taken all he had to give. That was the moment that ran through my fantasies most often lately when I was alone, touching myself, remembering making love to him with my mouth, remembering his hot sticky cum filling my mouth while his fingers were tangled in my hair, pulling me to him, holding me there while he climaxed. That was the thought that had been invading my dreams, waking me up in the middle of the night, restless and sweaty, damp with arousal.

I was so aroused just feeling him in my mouth, I wanted to crawl up in his lap, straddle him, wrap my legs around his waist, and fuck him until I came hard.

But I resisted, mostly because I knew I would cum almost instantly when he slid inside of me. Way too fast.

So I teased him with the tip of my tongue, licking firmly all the way down the length of his shaft, stopping at his balls to caress them with my tongue. Gently I took them in my mouth, not sucking, just holding them there while I massaged them with my tongue. Then licking back up to the head, this time firmer with the flat of my tongue, and wrapping my lips back around the head, swirling my tongue, sucking gently, before swallowing the length of his cock again. This time I took the entire length in my mouth in one smooth stroke, feeling the head against the back of my throat, my nose pressed to his stomach, relaxing my throat to take him all, then pulling away again so my lips were on the head.

"Yes," he whispered. "Suck my cock."

That was all the encouragement I needed. Just hearing him say the words aroused me even more. I liked it when he told me what to do.

The fingers of his right hand twisted into my hair, holding my head where he wanted. His left hand went down to my bare breast, stroking, searching for my sensitive nipple, and finally finding it. Rolling my nipple between his fingers hard enough to make me squirm beneath his touch, he began guiding my mouth up and down on his hard cock. Slow and steady, he began fucking my mouth. Still sitting in his chair so he couldn't really thrust into my mouth, he pulled me down slowly, forcing his cock deep in my throat, holding it there, then pulling me up, over and over. Just the way I like it... his choice, his speed, his rhythm. I knew he was only thinking about how good it felt. About how he wanted it. And that excited me even more.

I shifted enough to slip the fingers of my left hand into my panties. Just a gentle pressure on my clit. I was so excited that I knew I could cum if I started rubbing it. I wrapped my right hand around the base of his cock and started stroking slowly up and down as he guided my mouth up and down on his hard cock.

As he pulled me up so my lips were resting on the head of his throbbing cock, I looked up at him. He was watching me, watching his cock slide in and out of my mouth, watching it disappear between my lips, watching the look of ecstasy on my face. I liked knowing he was watching me suck his cock. I liked knowing that later he would remember looking down into my eyes and seeing his cock between my lips.

The arousal became overwhelming. I wanted to taste him. I rubbed my clit a little. My hips involuntarily rolled towards my fingers, wanting more. He closed his eyes and pulled me down harder and faster, pulling me up until his cock is completely out of my mouth, then back down again, hard and deep, over and over. I pressed my tongue to the underside just to add pressure, wanting to feel him cum. I could feel him throbbing, literally throbbing, in my mouth. I stroked harder with my hand as my mouth went up and down, still not very fast but definitely with force. I felt the tingle in my pussy and the little throbs starting in my clit. I paused and gasped slightly, wanting to lay back and spread my legs and let him bury his cock deep inside of me, wanting to cum hard and fast. But I resisted. I still wanted him in my mouth. I still wanted to taste him. I still wanted to know that I can pleasure him like this.

"Fuck." I hear him whisper, then pause slightly. I knew he was at the point where he would stop with anyone who didn't want to make him cum in her mouth. But he knows I want it. Even though he wasn't pulling my mouth up and down on him anymore, I kept going. I sucked the entire length of his cock into my mouth and paused, loving the way it hits deep, then out again, stroking firmly, sucking the head, then going back down again as deep as I could take him.

I felt him throbbing and knew that he was cumming. I tasted him. Just a drop at first, then the gush of hot salty cum. I went down on him deep, letting the cum gush across the back of my throat, barely having to swallow as it shot down my throat. He twisted my nipple hard still in his left hand. I would have cried out from the mixture of pain and pleasure but I couldn't even make a muffled sound with his throbbing cock so deep in my mouth, spasming and filling my mouth with his cum. I rubbed my clit faster, but really all I had to do was barely touch and I was cumming, my body rocking and quivering, still holding him in my mouth.

I let the waves of my own orgasm roll over me still holding him in my mouth. Then finally, relaxing, letting him go and resting my head on his thigh for a minute. I could feel his fingers stroking my hair, playing with a stray curl. I knew he was watching me, wondering what next since we had just stepped back over the line of intimacy. I kept my eyes closed, just enjoying the peaceful moment, knowing that it wouldn't be long before he wouldn't be able to just sit still and breathe in the good feeling.

I wanted to just curl up and enjoy the moment, but I knew that in contrast to the calm I felt, his head would be spinning soon, if it wasn't already. I didn't want to be left clinging to the moment as he was pulling away. So I pulled away first. Buttoning my shirt, smoothing my skirt, leaning against his desk and looking down at him still sitting in his chair zipping back up, I smiled.

"Just what I wanted," I said with a mischievous grin.

He reached out and placed his hand on my inner thigh. "That was kind of one-sided," he said. "I'm sure I could think of some way to return the favor."

I thought about the way his mouth felt on my pussy. I thought about the way he kissed me, touched me, made me cum over and over with his tongue. Yes, definitely, I am sure he could think of some way to return the favor. A way that would make me very very happy. But not tonight.

I stood up, letting his hand trail down my leg as I pulled away.

"Next time," I smiled. "Next time you can just do me twice."

He stood and wrapped his arms around me, pulling me close, hugging me tight. "You sure?"

I rested my head on his shoulder for just a second, pressing my face in the crook between his collar bone and neck, inhaling deeply. I love the way he smells.

"Yeah, I really have to go."

I leaned up and kissed him lightly on the cheek and smiled. I always knew exactly what it was, but that still didn't keep me from liking it so much that I didn't want it to end.
