 Mary's life was going fast nowhere. Her good looks had worked for her in school but here in the corporate world, they meant nothing. Sure beauty could get you up a few steps of the corporate ladder but in the end if you wanted to be successful, you had to combine it with true grit and determination and a smart attitude to getting things done.

As she sat in the office at 10 p.m. on a Friday night struggling with a presentation she was to give on Monday morning, she thought back to her high school days. Back then she could've used her charms to get somebody to do her assignments. Not anymore..

She looked around and noticed that she was the last one left in the office. What a way to enjoy a Friday night. 

Suddenly she got a ping on the office instant messenger. 

"Working late again i see.."

She couldn't see who it was from and a directory search didn't bring up any names.

"Yeah got to hand it over first thing Monday morning, don wanna work on the weekend.." she replied.

"Just you and I then.. the sloggers.."

She sent back a smiley.

"Care to tell me who this is.."

"Another lonely soul spending Friday night in this godforsaken office.."

"You have a name?"

"Not so easy my friend.. you have to earn the right to know my name.."

"Aha! Is it Rumplestiltskin?"

"You wish.."

They chatted for a bit and Mary started to get intrigued. 

"So which department do you work in?"

"Hostile takeovers.. ;)"

"Seriously.."

"Look I'm tired of typing, can we meet at the coffee machine?"

Mary thought about it for a second. She could take a bit of a brake, as it is her cup was empty..

"Yeah sure.. which floor?"

"14th floor the one at the end near boardroom 12."

"I'm on my way.." she said with a smile, closing her laptop.

She took the stairs as she was on the 12th floor and a bit of a fitness freak. When she got to the coffee machine she couldn't see anybody over there. There was an arrow sign in front of the machine pointing in the direction of the boardroom.

She smiled, thinking to herself that whoever it was wanted to have the coffee in the boardroom. She poured herself a cup of Cappucino and headed towards the boardroom. It was dark save the projection screen which was lit up. As she stepped in, the screen lit up and some weird music started to play. On the screen a woman started to dance seductively to the music and strip for a man. 

Mary felt scared and was about to turn around and walk out of the room when 2 strong arms wrapped themselves around her and held her tight. Before she could scream, a hand cupped her mouth. She struggled until a voice whispered in her ear..

"Take it easy, I'm not going to hurt you.."

She struggled a bit more but the arms held her tight and the hand stayed cupped over her mouth.

"If you behave, I'll ease up. Calm down.. trust me.. I won't hurt you.. just hear me out"

She stopped struggling.

"I've seen you around.. you have no idea how hot you are.. I could've done this the easy way.. asked you out.. taken you for dinner, could've made promises to you, could've whispered sweet nothings in your ear while I made love to you. But you're the kind of woman who's been through the grind, haven't you. All the BS just to get into bed with you.. When all I had to do was ask.."

His voice was soothing, appealing, reassuring. It was the deep and husky with desire, Mary could tell. 

"Don't say a word and I promise you that this will be the best night of your life.. Look at her"

He said directing her eyes towards the screen.

The woman on the screen had taken off her clothes and kneeling down, she was slowly unzipping the man's pants. Slowly, gently she started to caress his penis until it was erect. Then she took it in her mouth and started to suck, gently, longingly.

Mary was starting to get turned on. Meanwhile the hand that had cupped her mouth went down to her left breast. Gently he started to massage her breast over her shirt. Then as she responded he opened her shirt buttons slowly. He didn't open them all the way, just enough to let his hand slide in and into her bra. Gently he teased her nipple which was now erect with anticipation. She could also feel him getting hard, his penis pressing against her ass. 

He kissed her on the throat gently, then let his other hand lift up her skirt, gently running his nails over her thigh as he lifted her skirt. She arched her body into him, her desire to have him inside her increasing with every moment. 

He let his hand into her panty and gently slid it towards her clitoris. He could tell that she was wet as he started to gently play with her clitoris. 

It drove Mary wild as he masterfully played his finger over her clitoris. She arched so that her ass pressed into his rock hard penis. He started thrusting gently, constantly fingering her pussy. 

As she started to feel good, she started breathing heavily. His fingering started to become a little more urgent. She started to moan and move her ass in rhythm with his thrusting. Finally she clenched her teeth as she orgasmed, shuddering with ecstasy and moaning loudly as she came all over his hand. 

He held her like that for a bit till she regained her senses.

"I wanna kiss you.." she said, her voice husky with desire.

He turned her around and kissed her. She closed her eyes, she didn't want to look at him yet, his being mysterious made it more erotic.

Slowly he made his way down to her cleft kissing as he went down and unbuttoning her shirt until there were no more buttons left, at which point he took it off and then took off her bra.

"Wait, let me look at you.." he said admiring her breasts, her pink nipples taught with anticipation, begging to be suckled. 

Her eyes remained closed. He took her to the round table and sat her down. He then unzipped her skirt and let it fall to the floor. Her panties were wet with her cum. He slid aside her panty to uncover her pussy, wet and puffed with wantonment and desire. He let his tongue slide up over her pussy and as it reached her clitoris, he gently flicked his tongue. She arched her head back indicating that she wanted more. He took his shirt off and threw it on the floor. He then took one of her legs over his shoulder and repeated the same motion with his tongue, gently caressingly. She started to move her hips to the rhythm of his tongue, the peak of her thrust matching the flick of his tongue. She started to moan as she started to thrust more urgently. She held his hair as she started to move a little more frenetically, moaning and egging him on with every thrust. He continued to lick faster and faster making her pussy really wet, her wetness flowing over his tongue and down his body. 

Finally she came again, shuddering and screaming with ecstasy, her legs trembling with the force of her orgasm. For a moment she lay on the table, sweat beading her body making it glisten in the light from the screen.

"I want you inside me.." she said..

"What I can't hear you.." he said teasing her..

"I said I want you inside me.." she said a little more impatiently this time.

"Still can't hear you.."

"I said Goddamnit I want you inside me" she said angrily getting up and taking a hold of his belt, opening it and yanking it from his pant. She then tore at his pant, literally tearing it of his body to leave him standing there in front of her in his underwear. 

She took a moment to admire his erection through his boxers before gently taking them off to reveal his penis, rock hard and wet with pre cum. 

She then slid back his foreskin and gently played her fingers over his penis. His penis jerked a little to indicate he was getting aroused even more. She then gently licked the head of his penis before taking it into her mouth. 

He moaned and arched his body towards her. She started to suck him gently, holding his right butt with her hand to help with his thrusting. 

She stopped just as he started to shudder, knowing that he was about to come. The thin trickle of pre cum from his penis indicated that he was almost there.

"Can you hold out to make me come again?" she asked looking at him for the first time.

She liked what she saw. He was tall with an athletic build, with a long rugged face and well groomed dark hair. He had blue eyes and as she looked in his eyes, she could tell that his desire was at its height.

Without a word he lay her on the table. At first he let the head of his penis slide up and down the opening of her vagina, her wetness running down his penis. He would enter her then withdraw, slowly heightening her longing and her pleasure. 

Finally he slid his penis inside her and she gasped with pleasure. He then lay down on top of her and as he kissed her, he thrust into her, slowly but strongly so that his entire penis was inside her. Slowly at first he started to thrust, and with every thrust Mary moaned and shuddered as she moved closer to an orgasm. He was getting that feeling too, the feeling of coming but he wanted to hold on so that she could climax once again. 

Just before he came, he stopped for a bit but Mary egged him on, begging him to continue.

"Please don't stop, I'm almost there", she pleaded.

Again he continued but had to stop after a few thrusts. Again Mary egged him on..

"Just don't stop even if you're gonna come.. come inside me, I don't care anymore, this feeling is too much.."

"You sure" he said as he started to thrust again.

"Yes I'm sure, just don't fucking stop this time."

He started to thrust again and with each thrust as Mary shuddered and mover her body towards his, he could feel the feeling growing inside him, getting unbearable, so unbearable and so good at the same time. 

He had never felt this way before with anyone else and neither had she. 

Just as he could hold it in no longer, she came and she held him tight towards her as she came, digging her nails into the skin of his back.

At that moment he came too, unloading a torrent of cum inside her, moaning and gasping with ultimate pleasure.

He collapsed beside her, both of them sweating and exhausted but satiated.

"Atleast tell me your name", managed Mary after a few minutes.

"Rumplestiltskin" said the man as they burst out laughing.