 I was supposed to be working. There were piles of papers on my desk that needed my attention. It was, after all only 11:30 in the morning, and the phone was ringing incessantly. I could hear coworkers bustling about their business through the walls of our offices. E-mails popped up regularly on my computer, each needing a reply, but my mind was a million miles away. Work was the last thing on my mind. 

In my head, I was naked in the middle of a bed, while he fucked me senseless. My legs were wrapped tightly around his hips, trying to hold on as I could feel the orgasm build slowly within me, forcefully bringing every nerve ending in my body to the surface. I see my face flush, as my fingers dig into his forearms, trying to brace myself for the explosion I know is coming. 

In reality, I'm sitting in my chair at my desk, my feet propped up on my desk, with two fingers of my left hand buried deep inside my pussy, rubbing and probing every inch. The index finger of my right hand is moving furiously over my clit. The muscles in my finger are starting to ache, but I know that if I can just hold on a minute longer, it will all be worth it. I speed the tempo that I rub over my clit, and I press my fingers against the rough little bumps of my g-spot and my hips start to twitch and roll as my breathing becomes faster and shallower. I feel the orgasm explode through my body as I continue rubbing my clit riding the waves as long as I can, when I hear my door open. I didn't even hear footsteps approaching my door, I had been too deeply involved in the orgasm that was slowly ebbing away. 

My first thought was that there was no way to deny what I was doing, my second was relief at who had slipped inside my office, closing the door quickly behind him. He smirked at me as he walked around the small couch and chair to the edge of my desk. "I see you are busy at work today."

"You caught me, taking a much needed break, what are you doing here?" I asked as I placed one, then another finger in my mouth, tasting myself, enjoying the scent and flavor that only I had. Before I could finish licking the fingers of my other hand, he grabbed them, and placed them in his own mouth, laving them with his tongue, cleaning them just as thoroughly as I had just moments before. 

He pulled me to my feet, and instead of letting me put my clothes back in order, he pushed my pants and thong down to my ankles and pushed me over my desk, sending paper flying to the floor. Within a matter of seconds, I heard his zipper open, and then I felt him push his dick into my already soaked pussy. This was what I really wanted, what I'd just been fantasizing about, what had me hot and bothered to begin with. 

There was nothing slow or controlled about the way he hammered into me. My feet had a hard time staying on the ground as he lifted me up with every hard stroke into me. My head started to spin, and my eyes rolled back into my head a bit as I felt an even stronger orgasm than I'd just given myself boiling quickly to the surface. I felt the slick walls of my pussy begin milking the hard length inside of me. My breath was again coming fast and shallow. I leaned on the desk, devoid of strength as my body twitched and convulsed as I came hard around his dick. He never stopped or slowed his strokes into me, but reached around and began rubbing my clit just as furiously as he'd watched me do it just a few minutes ago. The orgasm that I thought was so incredible just seconds earlier was nothing compared to the one that ripped through my body next. I placed my hand in my mouth and bit down hard to keep from screaming my satisfaction as I felt him succumb to the tight contractions of my pussy around his dick. He pushed me forward harder onto the desk as I felt him cum deep inside me, pulsing through me as I felt my pussy milk every last drop from him. 

He leaned over me, and kissed my shoulder, then slapped my ass as he pulled out of my now dripping pussy, and pulled his jeans back up and quickly zipped and buttoned them as I lay still prone on the desk. 

"Wow" I managed to sigh as I pushed up onto my elbows, then placed my palms solidly on the desk and turned to look at him. 

"Come on, I'm starving, let's go get some lunch," he smiled as he sat down on the couch and waited for me to recover enough to redress. 

My fingers could barely manage the buttons to my pants, and what normally would take me mere seconds seemed to take me hours to do. "Alright then, let's go eat," I replied as I walked on unsteady legs towards the door. 

As I tried to walk past him, he pulled me down onto the couch beside him. "You know you shouldn't be wasting company time playing with yourself like that."

"Hmmm, what are you going to do, tell my boss?" I laughed as I pushed to my feet again. "Come on, I thought you were starving." 

I couldn't help but laugh as I passed my secretary on the way out the door. She called out to me, "I tried to ring your office to let you know he was here, but you didn't answer, you must have been busy." She had no idea...