 "That's 2 to 1 for me baby."

She felt one hand on the back of her neck and her eyes flew open as he brought her face close to his. 

"I'm going to fuck that wet little pussy of yours...until you scream for me."

"Ooh...," she breathed.

He smiled and she felt his hard cock at the entrance of her pussy. With his eyes locked on her face and his hands still on her neck, he pushed his hips forward and she felt him enter her. Her eyes rolled back in her head. God, he felt so good filling her up.

"Oh baby...shit, your pussy feels so good! Yes...that's it...take all of me."

His other hand found her hip as he started to slide back out. She grabbed his arms and locked eyes with him. 

"Oh god, yes...please fuck me Sir." she moaned.

He smiled and picked up the pace.

"Hhmm yes baby...there you go...you like that huh?"

"Uhuh...!" she moaned as she pushed her hips forward to meet his thrusts. 

His mouth took possession of hers again and she wound her fingers in his hair as they found a rhythm together. He broke their kiss with a growl and brought his mouth to the nape of her neck, as he stilled his hips. His lips placing urgent kisses and his hands moving down to her waist, as she mewled with pleasure. 

He nibbled on her earlobe and whispered, "I want your ass baby," his fingers digging into her hips.

"B-b-but...," she looked at him with wide open eyes.

"What is it? You've never had anal?" he asked her.

"Ehhrm...well, only once,"she blushed.

"Did you like it?" he asked, his fingers now playing with her nipples.

She gasped and thought back on her one experience with anal. To be completely honest she had loved every second of it, cumming over and over from feeling a cock bury itself in her tight ass. Her boss however, was bigger than the guy she had done anal with. She was afraid he might not fit and it would hurt. She bit her lip. 

"Don't worry baby...I'll take it slow if it's your first time."

She looked up at him.

"It's not my first time Sir..." 

His eyes lit up and a slow smile crept over his face. Suddenly he grabbed her hips, lifted her off the table, flipped her over en pushed her face down. His hands where on her ass instantly. 

"Oh yes...this ass!" he slapped her right cheek and she felt a shock of pleasure. 

"Hhmmm," she moaned in pleasure. 

She felt him bend over on top of her as his voice sounded in her ear: "So...you like spanking huh?" 

Another slap landed on her ass and she yelped. His fingers squeezed and massaged, before coming down in another slap. She felt her pussy contract in pleasure. 

"Oh...yes Sir... please... I want some more..."

Three more slaps followed quickly before her head was yanked back by a hand in her hair. 

"Who's ass is this baby?" a growl came in her ear and her pussy clenched even more. 

"Yours...it's all yours Sir...do whatever you want to me!"

She felt him line up his cock with her asshole, all fear gone from her mind. She just wanted him to fuck her, hard. 

"That's right baby...all mine," and with that he pushed against her hole, his hand still holding her head up by her hair. 

Her tight asshole gave way easier than she would have thought and his cock slipped in fully, until his balls where against her pussy. 

"Oh...my...gooood," she exclaimed. 

"Fuuuuck baby, that ass is so tight," his deep voice rumbled behind her.

"You feel so good inside me Sir."

"Shit, this is going to make me cum so fast baby."

He picked up the pace once more, her ass now used to his hard cock. He pulled her up by her hair and she felt his hand move around her neck, applying pressure. Her mouth open with pleasure and her eyes rolling back in her head, she took every inch of his cock. He was ravishing her ass and she loved it! 

She felt fingers being shoved in her mouth, causing her to gag a little. It was enough to make her cum hard and she heard him growl as he felt her pussy and ass contract. Never dropping the pace he brought his mouth close to her ear. 

"I'm going to cum so hard in that big ass of yours baby..."

She mewled and his fingers left her mouth, grabbing hold of her left breast. His other hand releasing her hair to move to the right one. He pounded away at her ass as she screamed in pleasure.

"Oh fuck baby...yes, yes...take it! Take it! Oh god...Yes... I'm cumming baby!"

With a last thrust he came deep in her ass as she reveled in the feeling of his thick cock spasming, squirting out all his seed. 

His hands released her breasts and wrapped around her body. She felt his face rest on her back as he moaned.

"Ooh baby...I've been waiting so long to do that to you," and she smiled.