 He walked over to the conference table that stood in the middle of his office and set her down. Opening up her legs and positioning himself firmly between them he took hold of her chin. 

Tilting her head up to meet his eyes he said, "I'm wearing too many clothes, don't you think?"

She bit her lip and nodded. He raised an eyebrow and took hold of her hands, bringing them to the top button of his shirt.

"Well, I suggest you correct the situation immediately." 

Breathlessly she started to undo his buttons. He took care of his cuff links, never taking his eyes of her face as she worked all the way down his shirt. He shrugged out of the shirt and her eyes drank in the sight of him. My god, he was sexy. His broad chest and arms where nicely defined and when he moved you could see his abs ripple. 

"Like what you see baby?"

"God yes!"

He laughed, "Good, I'd hate to disappoint." 

His mouth found hers again, his tongue taking her breath away. His hands found their way around her waist, pulling her into him. 

Breathlessly he said, "I'm still wearing pants baby..."

She moved her hands up his legs and found the zipper of his pants. His hard cock was bulging underneath the fabric and she heard him inhale sharply as her hands touched it. She was slowly gaining more confidence. She looked up at him as she slowly slipped down the zipper and opened the button on his pants. He locked eyes with her, breathing hard as her hand brushed against his cock through the fabric of his boxer. 

She pushed his pants down, stepped down from the conference table and sank to her knees in front of him. His eyes widened in surprise. She brought her face to his rock hard cock and kissed it through the fabric of his boxer. She heard him growl and felt her pussy tingle with excitement. Taking hold of his underwear she pulled it down, grabbing his hard cock as he stepped out of the boxers. She loved how firm it felt in her hands and how her touch made him inhale sharply. She looked up at him again. 

"Oh baby, those eyes...I love the way you look up at me like that. Open your mouth for me."

As she opened up he slowly slid his hard cock in her mouth, inhaling sharply. 

"God, your mouth feels so good around my cock baby." 

She moaned, reveling in the taste of him. He buried his hands in her hair and started pumping faster into her eager, warm mouth. 

"Ah yes...let me fuck that pretty face of yours," he said, as she relaxed her jaw for him, providing him with more access. 

"Gh...ghh...,"she was gagging on his hard cock and loving every second of it, her eyes never leaving his face, which was a glorious display of pleasure. 

"Oh yes...baby...just like that. Keep looking at me. Aaaah, I'm going to cum!" 

He pushed his cock all the way down her throat as he came, forcing her to swallow every drop of it. 

"Hhmmm, baby, that was good. I love those pretty lips around my cock."

She smiled up at him and licked her lips. His hands reached down and hooked under her arms to lift her up.

"I aim to please Sir," she said a little cheeky, as he placed her back on top of the conference table. 

"Hhm, you're doing a damn good job so far baby,"he said while spreading her legs. 

His fingers caressed the inside of her thighs, up to her sensitive clit. Her head fell back as she squirmed with pleasure underneath his adept fingers and she moaned. 

"Let me taste you baby."

His fingers left her clit, only to be replaced with his tongue. 

"Oh fuck," she gasped.

He played with her, keeping her on the edge of orgasm. His tongue dipping in and out of her wet hole and coming up to swirl over her clit. He growled and stopped for a moment, looking up at her. 

His chin covered in her juices, licking his lips he said, "You taste so sweet baby."

His hands found their way to her curvy thighs and held her in place as he buried his face between her legs again. His tongue lapping ever so slowly, enjoying every little moan that came out of her and every shudder that went through her body. Suddenly, he sucked hard on her clit and her eyes rolled back in her head. 

"Oh...please, please...Fuck that's so good!" she screamed. 

The sucking ceased and his sexy voice came from between her legs.

"Please what?"

She looked at him as she felt her pussy contract and she bit her lip.

"Please what?" he repeated, "Tell me what you want baby."

His tongue flicked out against her pussy and she gasped.

"Tell me..."

"Hhmm...please Sir..."

"Yes...?" another little lick over her clit.

"Fuck...I want you to make me cum, please!" she exclaimed.

With a growl he brought his mouth back to her pussy, flicking his tongue over her swollen clit and increasing the pressure. Her head fell back as the orgasm came on and she moaned loudly. As she sat back panting, coming down from her orgasm, he stood up.