 I looked at my watch for the third time in ten minutes. I couldn't believe that she was late. Eileen Radfield was the most influential member of the board of directors and she wanted to have lunch with me. What I actually couldn't believe was that she even knew me at all. When Erica stopped by my desk this morning to tell me about this appointment, I had to ask her "Who is Eileen Radfield?" 

Erica patted me on the head and replied "Let's just say that she is someone from within the company who can do a lot for your career, good and bad, so keep that in mind."

Erica was not a particularly good boss because she loved to play head games with me just to let me know who was in charge. I couldn't help it that I was good at what I did. Someone had to keep track of all of our shipping and since it was me I was going to put all of my energy and passion into the job. I may not yet have the education of the other junior staff but I made up for it by working my ass off. Twelve hours in the office and four hours of night school every day was my roadmap to the top. The fact that it made Erica feel threatened was supposed to be a good thing for everyone, or at least that's what the business self-help books said. I hoped they were right.

At twelve fifteen Eileen walked into the office. We have an open office environment so I saw her come off of the elevator from across the room. It had to be her since I had never seen this woman here in my 9 months on the job. She was wearing a tight fitted red dress that came to her knees and she had platinum hair worn loose on her shoulders. I am not a very good judge of age but I would guess that she was somewhere around 60. 

She seemed to know her way around the office and headed straight for Erica's office. As the office manager, Erica was one of the few employees that had a private office, although the entire front wall of the office was glass so that she had an unobstructed view of the rest of the floor. Eileen sat in the black leather chair in front of Erica's desk and reached into her purse and came out with a cigarette. 

Erica fumbled in her desk drawer and apparently found a lighter as she walked around to the front of the desk and lit the cigarette for her. This was a no smoking building. 

I saw Eileen let out a long breath of smoke and noticed with horror that they both turned and they were staring at me as they talked. I quickly looked down at the report that was sitting on my desk. I knew that my cheeks were turning red. I heard Erica's office door open and I quickly picked up the report and turned a few pages, trying to look as normal as possible. I head the quick tapping of high heeled shoes walking across the coated concrete floor and suddenly Eileen was standing beside my desk. 

She took a slow draw on the cigarette as she looked down at me. Then she reached out and took the report out of my hand."

"It might be a little easier to read if you hold it right side up." She said with a wry smile on her face. She handed the report back to me and then pinched the cigarette out between two fingers that were tipped with the brightest red fingernails I had ever seen, and dropped the butt into her Prada purse. "Can't leave any evidence, right?"

I didn't know whether to answer her or not. In fact I had no idea what to say at all so I just stared.

"Are you going to offer me a seat?" she said, looking around the empty office. Everyone had left for lunch.

I jumped up quickly and ran over to Ted's desk next to mine and dragged his chair over to my desk. When I got back Eileen was already sitting in my chair.

"Hope you don't mind." She said.

"Not at all." I answered, finally finding my voice.

"Do you know who I am?" she asked. She looked like she already knew what I would answer.

"Yes, you are Eileen Radfield. You are the chairman of the board of Pro-Test, Incorporated and have been for the past three years." I didn't add that I read that she had inherited the company from her late third husband.

She looked surprised. Something that I was sure did not happen very often. 

"Very good." She said. "I always forget about Google. I am not much for technology. My granddaughter recently taught me how to text and that's about it for me"

I wondered what she was doing running a technology company but decided that was something to keep to myself.

"You are probably wondering how that qualifies me for running this company." She said, leaning back in my chair and looking around. "I hate this open office environment." She added. "I have no idea how anyone here gets anything accomplished."

She twirled around once in the chair and continued. "The answer to my question is that I am a very good judge of character, and I have the personality type that is required to do whatever it takes to get what I want and need. I need this company to be successful." She folded her hands in her lap and crossed her legs. "Do you have any idea why I am here talking to you?"

Again, I wasn't sure whether or not she actually expected a response and decided to wait a moment. 

"It is because you have come to my attention as a hardworking, serious and passionate employee. I am a serious and passionate woman. If this company is going to succeed it is going to be because of people like you and me. I just told Erica that she is to give you a 20% salary increase, effective from the beginning of last month. Since today is the 28th, that should give you a nice little bonus on top of the extra you will be receiving starting now. I want you to know that I appreciate what you do."

"Thank you." I said. I had not expected this and I am sure that my face showed it. 

She smiled and leaned her body forward. I noticed that she was playing with a sapphire ring on her right ring finger. It was the biggest sapphire that I had ever seen and I am sure was meant to compliment her deep blue eyes. "You will find that I always notice passionate effort, and that I always show my appreciation. I also think that it's time that you got your chair back."

With that she stood up and held her hands out like a matador, ushering me back into my chair. When I sat down she leaned over and whispered in my right ear "I can take you places that you have only dreamed about." With that statement still ringing in my ear she dropped the sapphire ring into my lap. I was so stunned that it fell between my legs, bounced off the front of my chair and skittered under my desk. 

I'll get it." She said, sounding slightly embarrassed. She dropped to her knees and crawled under my desk, patting with her right hand as she felt for the dropped jewelry. Her ass, legs and black heels were visible to me as she was looking. I was just beginning to appreciate that she had a very nice body, obviously due to long hours in the gym, when she turned back and looked up at me with the ring in her hand. 

"Found it!"

She turned around and I expected her to crawl out. Instead she grabbed my ankles and pulled my chair as close to the desk as she could. I was about to protest when she peered up at me and hissed "Sit still!"

With that she reached up and unzipped my pants and began to fumble inside. She pushed the fly to my boxers open and pulled my cock free. I heard her whisper "Mmmmmmm, nice dick." And then she took it into her mouth. 

Whatever else this woman was, she was certainly skilled at giving head. At first I was so shocked that my penis remained floppy even as she sucked. As she teased and kissed and squeezed I gradually became hard. I leaned back and closed my eyes as she slid the tip of her tongue up and down my rigid shaft. Her right hand was circled around the base of my cock and she squeezed as she licked. Her rhythm was amazing. She was taking me on a ride up and down the ecstasy roller coaster. 

At one point I felt her hand release my cock and she took me in so deeply that I could feel her throat with the head of my dick. When she slid it away I became aware that my phone was beeping on my desk in front of me. Afraid to let the noise interrupt the action I picked it up to silence it and noticed that I had a text message. It was from an unknown number and it simple said "You like?"

It suddenly hit me that Eileen was texting me from under the desk while giving me a blowjob. Was there anything that this woman couldn't do? I Texted back "Yes, very much." I received a smiley face in reply. I almost lost it seeing that.

I felt her hand again squeeze the base of my throbbing cock as she continued to slurp and suck. I was actually just starting to relax and enjoy the moment when I heard the elevator bell ding. Out stepped Erica and she was looking right at me.

She walked over to my desk with a look of suppressed rage on her face. "What did she tell you?" She asked me very slowly. "What did that bitch say to you?"

The sucking on my cock stopped for a moment but I was still in her mouth. "She told me that I got a raise." I said as carefully as I could. "She told me that she appreciated my work."

"Why didn't she take you to lunch?" Erica asked, smiling just a little.

"She had something else that she had to do." I answered, proud of myself for not lying. 

Erica put her hands on my desk and leaned in close to me. "You be careful around that old bitch. She will eat you up and spit you out. I could tell you stories about what she has done to other men here."

I felt and heard Eileen's head bang on the underside of my desk. The hand on my cock started squeezing painfully hard. "I'm okay," I told her. "I thought that she was charming and classy and extremely capable." I felt soft lips slide over my cock once again.

"She is a man-eating cunt and you would be well served to stay away from her." Erica hissed.

With that my phone beeped again. I picked it up and looked at it. "I want you to cum in my mouth right now!" it said.

"Yes Ma'am." I sent back.

Erica was just standing there looking at me; waiting for a response I am sure. Eileen was doing something with her fingernails on the underside of my cock that was making the hairs on the back of my neck stand up. Then she again took me in deep and I could feel her humming or gargling or something. I had never felt that before and I was about to pop.

Erica stood up straight and stared at me. Finally she said "Do you have anything to say?"

"HOLY FUCK!" I yelled as I came hard and slammed my hands down on the desk. How I was able to keep from saying or doing anything else was a miracle. Erica jumped as if a cattle prod had been rammed up her ass and literally ran back to her office. Eileen slowed her pace and milked every drop of semen from my still quivering pole. I was breathing hard and wondering what to do next when my phone beeped again. 

"Going to straighten you best I can." It read. Then another beep. "Go to E's office and keep her occupied."

I felt her replace my wet cock into my pants and zip me up. I waited just a moment and without a glance downward I got up and walked into Erica's office. She looked at me like maybe I was bringing her a bomb or something. There was true fear in her eyes.

"Erica" I began slowly. "I apologize for my outburst. I have been under a lot of stress."

She regained a little of her composure and replied "I am not sure what you are up to, but rest assured that your days in my group are numbered."

At that moment my phone beeped and I checked the message. "Thanks hon, I'll see you again soon. Keep up the hard work."

I smiled and was going to leave when a second message arrived. "While you are in there start thinking about how you will decorate."

I walked up to Erica, smiled my most winning smile and held out my hand. "I don't think you will have any more trouble with me."