 She never thought she would be in a position like this. Her dress was hiked up around her hips and her breasts where pressed against the wall of his office. He had one hand in her hair, while the other was travelling from the small of her back down to fondle her ass. 

"Hmmzz," he murmured in her ear, "your legs look so good in stockings." 

She was breathless. The truth was she had been fantasizing about this man for months now, thinking about all the ways she wanted him to fuck her. It was hard for her to concentrate around him, which was a major issue since she worked for the guy. He was just so damn distracting! His piercing blue eyes and strong jawline, combined with his muscular physique, quick wit and intelligence had her stomach in knots in mere seconds. On top of that this was a man who knew how to dress. Everything he wore was sure to enhance his features and accentuate his body. He looked good and he knew it. 

She herself had been stepping up her game lately; buying clothes that hugged her curves more and wearing sexy lingerie to work. She would slip on heels more often than flats nowadays and paid more attention to her make-up and hair. The first time he told her she looked good, she had blushed a bright red before saying 'thank you Sir' and quickly stepping out of his office. Now, here she was, pressed against a wall while this gorgeous man took his time to explore her body. 

"We should get that dress off, don't you think?" his deep voice whispered in her ear. 

She nodded. He released his grip on her hair, took hold of the fabric that was bunched up around her hips and pulled it up over her head. As soon as it was off, he tossed the item into a corner. She was left standing there in her lacy thong, bra and stockings. 

He stepped back to look at her ",You look incredibly sexy like this."

He smiled as he noticed the blush coming onto her cheeks. 

"Oh my, are we getting shy now? You've been teasing me for months. Don't think I haven't noticed. Your outfits have become more sexy and you've been wearing heels almost every day lately."

Stepping forward, he placed one hand against the wall next to her face and leaned in close to her, his face turning stern ", And I've not even mentioned the lingerie yet..." 

She gasps as he keeps his piercing blue eyes locked on her now crimson face. To be honest, she never thought he would notice the lingerie. She did that mostly for herself. It made her feel so naughty to think that no one knew what kind of sexy outfit she was wearing underneath her regular clothes. It turns out her boss noticed though... Part of her loved that he had but still, she could not stop herself from blushing.

His free hand reached up to touch her face, his thumb caressing her lips, before moving to the nape of her neck and suddenly grabbing a fist full of her hair. He forced her face up, causing her to look into his eyes again. 

"I am going to enjoy every inch of you, over and over again, until your legs give out and you are left breathless on this floor." 

She let out a little yelp, "Wh-what? Sir, I don't think we should do this... I mean someone could step into your office at any moment!"

He smiled again, "Really? At 7PM? I don't think so baby...But it's good to know you don't want any interruptions." 

Before she could say anything else his lips were on hers. His kiss was urgent and strong, his tongue taking liberty to explore her mouth freely. She moaned and pushed her hips forward. She couldn't help herself, she was so turned on by him. Her panties where already practically soaked and all he had done was kiss her! 

His one hand still had a firm grip on her hair, but the other was roaming her body. It started on her shoulder en traveled downward to her breasts, softly squeezing and massaging. His lips left her mouth and he released his grip on her hair. 

"Let me play with those gorgeous big tits of yours..." 

His hands went around her body, while his eyes where focused on the soft mounds as they were released from the restraining fabric of her bra. 

"Hmmzz yes," he said, bringing his lips down to her left breast, while using one hand to squeeze the right one. His tongue flicked against her nipple, sending sparks of pleasure up her spine.

"Oh god...," she exclaimed

He let out a little growl in response and his mouth closed over her breast, sucking. 

She arched her back against the door, her hands finding their way into his hair. She let out a little gasp as his fingers found her right nipple and squeezed. His mouth released her breast and he started placing kisses down her stomach, letting his hands follow the movement until they reached her curvy hips. When he was on his knees, his face close to her pussy, he leaned back and looked up at her. 

"These panties need to go...," his fingers hooked on the sides of her lacy thong and started to pull. His hands followed the curved of her thighs and legs as the thong slid all the way down, until she was able to step out of it. His right hand now traveled back up the inside of her leg and she mewled in pleasure. 

"You're drenched baby," he said appreciatively, his finger slipping between the fold of her pussylips, "So wet and ready..." 

"Fuck...," she said, as he pushed one of his fingers inside her. He slid in another finger, while he stood up bringing his face close to hers again. 

"You like this huh? "he asked. She nodded and he increased the speed of his fingers moving inside her. 

"Oh my... oh... please Sir..."

"Please what...?"

"If you keep doing that to me, I'll cum..." 

"Already? My god, you're such a dirty girl," a third finger found it's way into her wet hole and his other hand returned to her hair. 

"Cum for me," he breathed into her ear as the pressure of his fingers increased.

She let out another moan and closed her eyes as she felt the orgasm come on. Her legs buckled as she held onto his arms. 

"Ahhhh, yes, yes, YES!"

He watched her face as she came, his blue eyes drinking in the sight of her. 

"I like that face on you, baby," he said as he slipped his fingers out of her soaking pussy. 

She looked up at him, saw him smiling and started to blush again. She just came from this man fingering her! Her boss's fingers had been inside of her. God, it felt so good. She bit her lip. 

He kept his eyes on her as he brought his fingers to his mouth to lick off her pussy juice. She gasped and he just smiled again. 

"Come here...," he lifted her up and she hooked her legs around him, the fabric of his pants rubbing against her clit. She moaned and buried her nose in his neck. He smelled so good.