 This is a story for adults. It is neither about nor intended for children. Please do your part as an adult to see that it does not fall into the hands of children. This story also contains elements which more closed-minded individuals would consider to be perverse. If you have difficulty with gender-orientation issues, please do not read further. If, however, you enjoy the story, please let me know. E-mail is always welcome. 

1 

The evening had been wonderful. The first one in the several months since my wife had left. A few drinks after work, a movie, and then a late dinner. And Jennifer.

Mike works with me in the law firm. We both share research duties as we prepare for the BAR. He, and his wife Carol, had been friendly with my wife and me. After she left they had seen me through some very difficult times. Now, as I was preparing to re-enter the social arena, they were making every effort to see that I enjoyed myself.

Jennifer was a former room-mate of Carol's; they had been best friends in college. When I expressed an interest in dating again, Carol couldn’t resist. She set up a double date for the following Friday. Although I had too many apprehensions to mention, I was determined to go through with it.

Meeting at our favorite bar after work, I couldn't help but be impressed. Jennifer arrived a few minutes after Mike, Carol and I had finished our first drinks. She wore a modest white dress with just a little cleavage and a narrow slit up one thigh. With dark red hair, bronze skin, and deep brown eyes, she couldn't help but be adorable.

After the introductions, we all went through the basic "find out who you are" conversations. Jennifer was quiet, but confident. It was obvious that she was comfortable in her life, and that she wasn’t prepared just to let anyone in. The more we spoke, however, the more attracted I was. I thought I saw similar interest in Jennifer, but wasn’t sure until Carol pulled me aside when we left the bar.

"You've made it passed step one," Carol whispered in my ear. "She likes you, and thinks you're cute. Be patient, though. I wouldn’t want to see her hurt."

I was a little perplexed by Carol's final words, but was determined to see things through. "Is there something I should know,” I asked?

"Yes," Carol whispered back. "But let her tell you. It has to be on her terms."

We went on to the movie and dinner, with Jennifer getting progressively warmer to me. There remained, however, a hesitance that I could not identify. We laughed, joked, teased, and even flirted. But every time Jennifer began to be overtly flirtatious, she would back off.

After a wonderful dessert, we all agreed it was getting late. Surprisingly, Jennifer asked if I would drive her home. I eagerly agreed.

I had had a wonderful evening, and wanted very much to see Jennifer again. I told her so on the drive to her house. "I would like to see you again, too," she told me, brushing her hand against my arm. "Pick me up tomorrow morning at ten. I'll take you on a picnic!"

Before I could agree or disagree, she gave me a quick peck on the lips and walked to her door.

2 

The next morning, hoping picnics were still casual, I pulled on jeans and a t-shirt. When I pulled up in Jennifer's drive, she bounced out with a large basket. Putting the basket in the back seat, she sat down and kissed me on the cheek. "I just wanted you to know how much fun I had last night," she said. "I can be really shy, and didn’t want you to get the wrong message."

It would have been hard to get the wrong message that morning. Dressed in tan hiking shorts and a tight denim shirt tied below her breasts, Jennifer definitely wasn't trying to hide her appearance. Although not tanned, her body was very fit. I couldn't help sneaking a few peaks down her shirt while we talked. Small and firm enough to not need a bra, her breasts were capped with nipples that puffed out much larger than I would have expected.

She caught me looking, once, and gave me that hesitant smile. I thought I had blown it, but after a few quiet moments, she was boisterously giving directions again.

Our mutual attraction became increasingly obvious as the day passed. By late in the afternoon, as we walked along the lake, I was dying to kiss her. The next time we stopped, I watched her profile in the setting sun. Turning her head gently in my hands, I bent to give her a soft kiss. She kissed me back briefly, but then pulled away.

Looking off toward the lake, Jennifer whispered, "This isn't good. I’ve lead you on, and you don't know what you're getting into. I need to go home."

Being totally confused, I quickly followed as she ran to the car. Sitting beside her, I told her of my attraction to her, my own hesitance, and my fear that she would reject me. She smiled, and kissed me as if she wanted to reassure me. I kissed her back, and soon our mouths were exploring one another. Her tongue was warm and moist, prodding against mine, teasing and pushing.

Suddenly, she pulled back again.

"Doug," she gasped, "You just don't understand my situation. I can't do this!"

"Why not," I asked. It was obvious that she was as aroused as I was. Her shirt had become unbutton, exposing the flesh between her small breasts. One nipple was partial visible, darker bronze than her skin and very erect. The other was pushing desperately against the denim of her shirt.

Rolling her eyes in fear and frustration, she grabbed my hand and pressed it firmly between her legs. Sobbing, she said, "Because of this."

Now it isn't everyday that a beautiful woman pushes your hand in her crotch on the second date. By my surprise at her behavior was secondary to my surprise at what I felt. It was obvious now that she was aroused and attracted to me. I could feel her very large erection throbbing in her pants!"

The drive back to her house was a silent eternity.

3 

The next few days were a mixture of confusing feelings. I would think of Jennifer, how she had made me feel, and then the image of an erect penis would spring up in my mind. I still liked her, but she wasn’t a her. Or was she? I knew I wasn't gay, but I was still attracted to her. I missed her.

By the end of the week, I had decided I needed to speak to her again. I waited until about 7:30 on Friday evening, and then stopped by her house. She almost shut the door in my face, but let me in when I told her of my confusion.

Jennifer told me about herself. She was not a man, nor the recipient of a sex change. She had been born with both male and female sexual organs. Despite the insistence of the doctors, her family had refused surgery and had raised her as a girl. Between private schools and home schooling, she had been protected from inquisitive friends and family.

When she was finished, Jennifer simply sighed with reluctance and stated, "That's me." Although troubled, I had not seen her so relaxed. Releasing the burden of her secret had helped, a little, in her self-acceptance.

I leaned forward and kissed her. She froze for a moment, and then kissed me back. "I hope that wasn't for pity," she said. I smiled, and kissed her again. And again. I felt her mouth open against mine. That hot tongue was soon exploring, intertwining with mine. We broke from our kiss and simultaneously gasped, "I want you."

I stood her up and, as I continued to kiss her throat and ears, unbuttoned her blouse. Again braless, her small breasts were eager for my touch. The huge nipples were brazenly erect on the small buds of flesh. First licking and sucking, I gave each the attention it needed. Small nips with my teeth brought on intense moans.

I moved to pull down her shorts, but she pushed me back. I feared that she would once again rebuff me, but instead she pursued me back across the sofa. Her hands were at my clothes as her mouth explored mine once again. She continued lower, kissing as she unbuttoned or unzipped. Pulling down my jeans, she smiled as my erection bounced into view. With unfettered glee, she alternated between sucking me and masturbating me.

Suddenly, she stood and squatted over me. Pulling aside the loose leg of her shorts, she moved my cock between her legs. In the brief moment I had, I wondered where it was going. I had no trouble recognizing, however, the feeling of warm lips as my cock sank into her. She rose and fell upon me. Rapidly. Aggressively. Pursuing my orgasm. She was a huntress, and she was after me. Well within her control, I followed her, let her guide my pleasure. Before I knew it, I was crying out and sending jet after jet deep into her body.

I lay there for a moment, silent, feeling my cock throb inside her. Opening my eyes, I examined her, searching for her feelings. It was obvious she wanted more. Her body needed release.

Now pushing her back, I began to remove her remaining clothing. Dropping her shorts, I looked upon her sex for the first time. Her panties were silk and very feminine. They did nothing to hide her erection which stood up beyond the low waistband and lay pressed across her mound. Jennifer attempted to drop a hand across her cock, but I brushed it away. Slowly, as patiently as possible, I drew her panties down her shapely legs.

Finally, I had the full view. In front, high on her mound, Jennifer had a penis. My guess was about 5 inches. Below was full, firm, testicles. Even further down was her vagina, still seeping my cum. Everything sort of "joined" around where her clitoris should be. Everything was hairless. Everything looked, well, aroused.

I could see her apprehension, and I gave her a big smile. As flirtatiously as I could, I asked, "Does everything work?" She slowly nodded yes.

"So you would enjoy this," I mischievously asked, darting a finger along her lips. She gasped. "And this," I added, wrapping my fingers around the shaft of her cock and stroking it slowly. Her eyes closed as she moaned loudly. "Or, perhaps, this would be best," I said as I began to lick her pussy. 

This went on for several minutes, my mouth on her pussy and my hands alternating between her cock and her nipples. Finally, pulling at my shoulders, Jennifer convinced me to move higher. Guiding me with her hands, I found my cock deep in her pussy once again. Thrusting slowly into her, I was the one in charge now. 

Her cunny held me firmly, and I could feel her as she would bear down on the shaft. It was unusual having her balls resting on my cock and her erection pressed against my belly. But it was arousing, too. Not just the sexuality of it, but the intimacy of sharing a secret this special. I couldn't resist looking down to where we were joined, and caught Jennifer doing the same. This provided the final necessary heat, and she began thrusting against me. Calling my name and pulling at my ass, she forced me deep inside to meet her climax.

Lying there, still inside her as she calmed, I looked at her. Jennifer was beautiful. Different, without a doubt, but beautiful. This time she caught me looking. "I want to do something for me, if you can," she asked.

"Anything," I replied. "You can ask me anything."

"I want to cum with you," she whispered.

I began to ask if she just hadn't, then I realized what she meant. Her warm pussy was satisfied, but her cock still throbbed anxiously across her belly.

"If you can't...," she began, but I held a finger to her lips.

Starting slowly with my fingers, I traced the lines up and down the shaft. Very rigid, I could feel her arousal and the need for release. Grasping the shaft with one hand, I stroked her as I would myself. Moving the skin up and down, firmly and slowly. With the other hand I cupped her balls, wondering when, if ever, they had experienced release. They were hot in my palm, and drew up as I played with my lover’s cock.

Raising my eyes, I could see that Jennifer was lost in her pleasure. Finally secure in her sexuality, she was allowing me to give her pleasure.

Lowering myself, I took her cock into my mouth. Applying just enough pressure, I took her all in until she pressed at the back of my throat. She gasped in surprise, but I was not to be shaken. Sucking her, I slid my mouth up and down. As she reached the ultimate, her hips thrust rapidly. She was fucking my mouth with her cock, and I loved it. I wanted more. Moving my hand lower, I slipped two fingers into her pussy, probing for high for that special spot. One touch was magic.

Pulling on her redwood nipples, she thrust one last time into my mouth before exploding. Jet after jet of cum spurted into my mouth until her bouncing pulled her cock free. Determined to take it all the way, I grasped her erection to finish her off. Thrusting against my hand, Jennifer released 4 or 5 more streams across our bodies before she was done. 

Finally, she lay there in a daze. As she recovered, we examined ourselves. Fresh cum dripped from our bodies. Most had gone in my mouth, but large puddles were resting on her breasts and belly.

Raising her eyes to mine, Jennifer whispered, "I think I love you."