 I had heard rumors from a couple of friends a year or two ahead of me, and from some of the GTAs in the department making lewd comments when they were drunk at parties, but nothing could have prepared me for how incredibly attractive Dr. Logan's wife is in person. 

And she's not just attractive, but she exudes that rare sensual aura of someone who is completely comfortable with her sexuality. It didn't help that the first time I met her she was wearing a thin, clingy dress that showed off her curves -- and her hard nipples. 

While I was standing there talking to Dr. Logan, she crossed her legs, pulling the fabric of her skirt tight over her mound, and I couldn't tell for certain without staring but she was either wearing lacy panties or no underwear at all. Thank god I had my book bag with me or it could have been the end of any hope of getting a grad school recommendation from Dr. Logan when he saw the raging hard-on I got just hearing her sexy voice. All I could think of in that moment was how she'd sound screaming my name while having an orgasm, perched on top of me. Almost forgot why I'd waved down Dr. Logan in the first place.

It was hard enough walking away after that, but the smile she gave me -- wow. She was most definitely not just being polite to one of her husband's students. There was a purr in her voice that wound around my balls, making them achingly tight all of a sudden. So glad I'd not worn tight jeans or I'd have been in a world of hurt.

By the time I got to the student union, I had managed to wrestle down thoughts of her creamy skin exposed as she bent over her husband's desk. How I wanted to spank that scrumptious ass, turn it pink, watch it tremble under my hands. I imagined slapping her on one cheek, then letting my hand trail down the back of her thigh, then up the inside of her thigh and teasing her wet slit with a fingertip before I pulled back and smacked her on the other cheek. 

And then someone walked by wearing patchouli, like her, and my senses flooded with the thought of grabbing her hair and pulling her up so I could kiss the back of her neck while I drove my engorged cock into her slick and succulent pussy. 

There was no way I was going to be able to meet my friends for lunch in that state, so I did something I hadn't done since high school: I ventured into the gender-neutral single-stall restroom and rubbed one out. It didn't take as long as it usually does when I'm in the shower, but then again I was watching my swollen head slide in and out of my tight hand and all I could think about was watching it disappear inside her luscious lips, feeling her suck hard as her lips slipped over the ridge, feeling her tongue flick and swirl at that spot just below the slit before she plunged it deep into her mouth, over and over and ooohhhhh... I came so suddenly and so hard that a fountain of spunk shot several inches into the air, missing the toilet entirely. 

I don't usually blush, but when I had to stammer an awkward excuse about why I was late to lunch with my friends, I could swear they could see the real reason all over my face. I mean, I'd checked myself in the mirror in the bathroom to make sure none of the evidence was there, but that didn't entirely keep me from being a little reluctant to admit the truth.

Crazy as it was, I knew I had to see her again. I needed to see if she was truly flirting with me, or if it was just the effects of the dry spell I'd had for most of the semester making me think she was into me. I hedged my bets and waited until the last few minutes of Dr. Logan's office hours to see him about a journal article that he'd promised to share, hoping that maybe the tempting Violet Logan would be waiting to take her husband home. 

On the way there I forced myself to go over lecture notes from earlier in my head, otherwise I'd be lost in thoughts of what being married to her and having access to that body every night and every morning would be like. The thought of Dr. Logan -- such a nice, quiet, vanilla kind of guy -- letting loose and being able to satisfy the needs of a woman like that almost made me laugh. But then I pictured him, so much taller and stronger than her, pinning her arms down above her head, thrusting between her legs while saying unexpectedly dirty things, sucking those tits, making her scream his name while he filled her with loads of cum...

...lecture notes, lecture notes, lecture notes...

...while I watched, in the corner of the room, stroking myself slowly until I was hard and the tip of my cock was dripping and slick. And he'd pull out, and spread her legs so I could see the milky traces of his cum seeping out of her swollen, dark ruby lips, mingling with her own clear juices, gathering in that little well just above her puckered little asshole. Then, she would whimper my name, and tell me how she needed more, needed me...and, oh fuck...

...lecture notes, lecture notes, lecture notes...

Thankfully, she wasn't there when I arrived at Dr. Logan's office, and he was so professional and warmly kind as always that any thoughts of his potential sexual prowess or the potential delights of his wife flew right out of my mind.

I wasn't so lucky when I got up to leave, because there she was in the hallway, a sun-kissed fairy goddess in the prime of her 30s on display for anyone who might venture this way. But there was no one to appreciate the vision except me, this late in the afternoon. So appreciate her I did, while she watched.

Her eyes were closed and her head was leaning against the wall, exposing the length of her neck, inviting languorous kisses over her pulse and in the little hollow of her collarbone. 

She heard me talking to her husband and her eyes opened to meet mine. They were a little dreamy, her lids heavy, but I could see the storm of desire brewing in those hazel eyes giving them a deeper golden greenish cast. 

I took in every inch of those shapely legs from her sandal-clad feet showing off her pink toes that I imagined sucking one after the other all the way up to that creamy thigh that I swear she was lifting her skirt for me to see just another couple of inches without seeing everything. If her husband hadn't come out into the hall at that moment, I might have discovered whether she was wearing panties or not. And if not, I would have knelt down and given my tongue as an offering on the altar of her sex, my fingers digging into the soft flesh of her ass to pull her closer to my face so I could get my tongue as deep as possible and lap up those juices.

The thought made me smile, and I shook my head to clear it as I walked away. My intention was to get to the bathroom down the hall and once again take care of business like I had before lunch, but I heard the two of them go into his office and I heard the door lock, which could only mean one thing.

Keeping an eye out, I back-tracked silently to stand just outside Dr. Logan's office door. I tried looking through the frosted glass panel at the side of the door, but I couldn't even see shapes it was so opaque. All I could do was listen, and what an erotic symphony it was.

She moaned and panted, alternating with silence where I imagined her mouth being too full or too busy to let any sound escape. And then there was that string of yelled cursing -- must have been one hell of an orgasm. I was rubbing myself through my pants. I wasn't about to whip it out in the hallway, but I was so hard that any pressure on my cock felt good. When I heard her cum, it brought me close to my own orgasm, but when I heard them murmuring to each other and then the rhythm of what could only be him pounding into her on the desk I slowed my roll a bit. I wanted to enjoy every moment.

It wasn't long before I could hear him groaning and grunting with pleasure, and I knew what was about to happen because she started saying "Oh, fuck.." again and again. I reached my hand into my pants and the heat of my throbbing cock surprised me a little. It jumped and throbbed in my hand as I grabbed it and jerked off right there. My knees buckled and I fell a little against the window as I creamed my pants just after I heard her cum again, my hand covered in hot, slippery spunk that I imagined spilling out of her while I coaxed another orgasm from her with my hand after fucking her. 

Footsteps down the hall and around the corner brought me to my senses. I headed to the bathroom to clean up, all the while wondering how I'd let her have such an effect on me...and how I could turn all those fantasies into reality. 

*****

After a spring break spent doing a lot of wanking to wild fantasies about Violet Logan, I was caught off-guard when I actually saw her in person again. I'd gone to Dr. Logan's office to return the journal as well as ask him some other questions about my research project, and it never occurred to me that she would be there since it was in the middle of his scheduled two-hour office time. 

But there she was, sitting in his desk chair with her feet propped up on his desk. This week her toes were painted turquoise, but that didn't make me want to suck them any less. Her green dress had slipped up to gather at the crease where her thigh met her hip, and underneath just enough of that gorgeous curve of her ass was visible to make me go instantly hard. I wanted to bite it so badly.

"Oh, hello -- Bennett, right?" she purred, tilting her head and leaving her lips parted after she asked my name. She had been looking at her phone, which she now nestled between her firm breasts. If only she knew how many times I'd imagined that very spot drenched in my cum.

I started to say I'd just leave the journal on Dr. Logan's desk, then realized that I was in no condition to remove it from the front of my groin, especially when she was sitting eye-level with the obvious bulge in my pants. 

"Mark had to go to a meeting with the dean," she said, putting her legs down and standing to walk past me. "I should have closed the door so people can see the note, I guess," she laughed softly and did just that.

My pulse started racing as she turned and leaned against the door, giving me the same languid look she had that day we met in the hallway. 

"I don't often get to know my husband's students in person, but I do hear stories sometimes so it's nice to put a...face to a name." In that pause, her eyes travelled down my chest and belly then down to the place where my hands rested in front of my fully erect cock then flicked back up to meet my gaze, and I felt the heat as if her hands and lips were doing the exploring. 

"Oh? And what have you heard about me?" I asked in a voice a little too thick with unabashed lust.

"He admires your stamina over long projects, your willingness to go deeper into a subject than most, your sense of passion for your subject..."

With each characteristic she listed, she'd taken a small step toward me, bringing her close enough that I had the most perfect view of her breasts. She had clasped her hands together in front of her, pushing them together and upward just a little so that they curved gloriously out from the v-neck of her dress. I stared unashamedly and saw her skin begin to flush as she noticed. There was the slightest trembling of flesh where her pulse hammered under her breast and I wanted to kiss that spot so desperately. 

Actually, at that point I really just wanted to rip her dress off, pick up her curvy little pixie body to wrap her legs around my waist and impale her, to hear her moan and scream with pleasure like I'd heard her with her husband. 

I couldn't help it -- I let out a little involuntary moan at that thought as we locked eyes again. 

"Why don't you just put this on the desk?" She took the journal out of my hands and her breasts brushed my arm as she leaned forward to toss it on the desk behind me. When she straightened up, she looked boldly at me while her hand went straight to squeezing and stroking my cock through my clothes. On instinct, I closed my eyes and let out a groan. In the back of my mind, the thought of all the fantasies I'd had about all the things I wanted to do to her rushed past and I felt a little dumb that all I could do was stand there while she sized me up. 

She must have liked what she felt because next thing I knew she was pushing me to sit on the edge of the desk and grinding her hips against mine while her lips made hot trails up my neck and to the sensitive spot behind my ear. I slipped my hands under her thighs and lifted her, settling her crease firmly over my rigid cock and solving one mystery: no panties. 

"I love that you're not so tall as Mark," she murmured into my ear, her tongue making little flicks at my earlobe. "Makes it easier to kiss so many other pleasure spots while I fuck you." Her mouth covered mine with fervor, stifling the profane moan I couldn't hold in as she began to rock her hips. She was so wet I could feel it through my clothes. There were so many erotic ways I wanted to give her pleasure and take pleasure from her, but I had to admit that I was not in control of this situation. Animal instinct took over and pushed any creative ideas right out of my head.

She rose up on her knees on the desk and began to pull down my shorts, so I lifted my hips and helped her get them down far enough that they slipped down to my ankles on their own. My cock jumped and throbbed, sensing her heat so near. She reached down and rubbed her thumb in the slick drops that were ready to drip from the slit of my swollen head, then circled it around and under the ridge making me wet with my own essence. She was still kissing me hungrily, our tongues teasing and teeth biting in turns. 

And then she was on me and I was in her slick satin folds up to the hilt before I had a chance to take a breath. Oh, god did she feel glorious. For a moment she just stayed there, but squeezed her muscles so that it was tight around the shaft but the head of my cock was enveloped in a softer warmth. Somehow she had the control to squeeze so that the muscle contractions moved in little waves up my cock, drawing me in just a little deeper each time. She had stopped kissing me, but her lips were parted, just touching mine, and we shared ragged breaths while she stroked my cock with the walls of her pussy. I could feel her juices start to run down my balls and the thought of what that must look like almost made me cum.

"Spank me!" Her fierce whisper cut into my awareness. To my dismay, my immediate reaction was to stammer "What?" but it didn't phase her. She just repeated her request a little more urgently. So I obliged by smacking her square on one ass cheek with my right hand, the sound of my flesh connecting with hers loud in the small office. 

"I didn't say smack me...I said SPANK me!" she demanded, grabbing the hair at the back of my head and kissing me hard again.

I delivered several resounding slaps across her ass, both sides getting equal attention. With each slap, she squealed a little, never stopping the kisses but traveling all over my neck, jaw, face, sucking my earlobes, sometimes biting my lip. Plus every time I spanked, her hips jerked, raising her up just enough that she had room to settle back hard. I felt like I was going to explode at any moment.

"I can feel you throbbing, and it's such a turn on," she said, finally breaking from the kisses to give me a salacious grin. She pushed me down hard so my back was now laying on the desk, and she pulled my hands up to grab her breasts while she made little figure eights with her hips. "I just wish we had time to enjoy all the wickedly delightful things I've been thinking about doing to you ever since we met, but we're a little crunched for time, so..."

And with that she started fucking me like I've never been fucked before. I'd like to say that I had the stamina to hold out for a really satisfying time, but I'm pretty sure I barely lasted the average of a couple minutes before I felt my O face creep up on me. As she rode my cock hard and fast I heard her making little gasps and yelps that crescendoed to a full-fledged "Oh FUCK yessss!" as I exploded inside her. My head knocked hard on the desk as I arched my back to get even deeper when I felt her pause, tense then shudder violently as she stifled a scream by biting her lips as she rode the waves of an exquisitely intense orgasm, her juices streaming all over my cock and balls mixed with my own spunk.

She collapsed on top of me, and we lay there for a few moments catching our breath, laughing a little, before she sat up again. She shifted sideways, slowly letting my cock slip out of her and I felt a little gush of warmth and wetness follow. My eyes were still closed, but I felt her caress my softening cock and heard the wet sound of her slipping her fingers inside her, then felt her arm move upward. I opened my eyes to see her slip those slick fingers inside her mouth where she sucked every last drop, making a little pop noise as they slipped back out of her lips. 

"Was that what you wanted?" she asked, looking at me. 

I felt something stirring in me again, and was about to answer that it was just the tip of the iceberg when a man's voice answered her before I could.

"It's a good start," said Dr. Logan, who was leaning against the closed office door with a satisfied smile on his face, and a hand covered in spunk holding his own now deflating cock.