 Will was just about to close his laptop and leave for the day when one last email came across his virtual desk. It was from a former student, Elaine, whom he hadn't spoken with in a few years. 

"Hey, long time, no see. Want to grab a coffee and catch up?" 

 It was always nice to hear from former students, and Elaine had been one of Will's best ... in more ways than one. She was incredibly smart, with precocious ideas that were often hidden by shyness in class. Her papers were intellectually adventurous and incredibly well written. Although Elaine was not talkative in class, she was great at one-on-one conversation during office hours, challenging Will to think more deeply about his archeology research and even giving feedback on grant applications. When she came to his office, however, Will had the sneaking suspicion that she wanted more than intellectual conversation. 

 When Elaine first started coming to see Will, she wore the classic student casual apparel, baggy sweatshirts with university insignias and jeans. Then, over the course of two semesters, he noticed that she began wearing shorter skirts and shirts with deeper necklines. Will couldn't help but notice Elaine's petite and curvy body, even as he tried to stay focused on her schoolwork. One particularly memorable outfit, a denim mini-skirt and tube top, barely covered anything at all. Elaine sat there, feet from him, her thighs pressed together by the tight fabric of her skirt and her breasts straining against the stretchy material of her top. Ultimately, Will had to make some excuse why he had to end office hours early, just so he could avoid making a mistake that might cost him his job. 

 Elaine was clearly destined for graduate school, and Will was proud when she enrolled in one of the more prestigious schools in the country for archeology. As a professor at a small liberal arts school, he hadn't had that many students go on to get graduate degrees, and it was good to know that he could still mentor such promising academic talent. 

 So Will wasn't exactly shocked when Elaine got back in touch with him five years after graduation, but he was surprised by what happened next. He showed up at the coffee shop and saw Elaine already seated at a table in a darkened corner. She stood up to greet him with a hug. The tube top and college sweatshirts had given way to a business casual button-down blouse and conservative, knee-length skirt. She looked stunning—still petite and curvy, but her face was more mature and she wore her newly dyed hair in a short, asymmetrical style. He would have mistaken her for a young professor, but she was freelancing now, having decided that an MA was more than enough grad school. Academia just wasn't for her.

 Will and Elaine talked—somewhat awkwardly, if truth be told—about his research and her experiences in graduate school. She was exceptionally well spoken, and Will could see how she would easily be successful in a freelance career. Hell, he wanted to hire her as an editor, but he knew that the meager research budget provided by his university wouldn't begin to cover her fees. After an hour or so of pleasant conversation, Will started gathering his things to go. 

 "Back to the salt mines," he joked. "I have to teach the Intro to Archeology course to all of the eager young majors." 

"I remember that class. I loved it. I loved watching you teach it," Elaine said somewhat mischievously. This was the first hint that she had anything in mind other than simply catching up. 

 "Well," Will said, clearing his throat nervously, "you were an excellent student, always very ... observant."

 Elaine grasped Will's shoulder and pulled him close. She whispered conspiratorially in his ear, "I was observing your tight ass in those beat-up jeans you always wore." She even licked his ear to punctuate the point.

 Woah! Did Will just imagine her saying that? Did she actually just lick his ear? His heart started to pound as he looked into her poker face, trying to read her intentions. The words and actions did not match the demeanor of the calm, confident woman sitting before him. 

 "When does your class end?" Elaine asked, smiling again nonchalantly. 

"Five o'clock." 

"Do you have office hours afterwards?" 

"No, I usually just go back to my office and grade for awhile, before heading out to grab dinner." Will wasn't sure what to say next. Should he ask her to dinner? Should he leave it at that? Usually confident with students and colleagues, Will was at a loss.

 "Why don't I meet you in your office, and we'll take it from there?" Elaine said, and this time the tone and smile betrayed just a hint of lascivious intent. 

 Will had given many bad lectures in his years as a professor, but this was a new low. Even as he took his notes out of his briefcase, he was thinking of Elaine. Was that her in the back of the lecture hall? Was she back in the front row where she used to sit? No, he was seeing things. As he talked about a dig the previous summer in Central America, which usually brought out his inner Indiana Jones, he just couldn't muster any enthusiasm. Even the A students, usually so perky and alert, were yawning and looking longingly at their bags or the door. "Ok, that's it for today," Will concluded, admitting defeat. 

 When he got back to the department office, he found it almost deserted. The administrative assistant had gone home early, and no other faculty members were around. But Elaine was waiting in one of the lobby chairs, legs crossed, immersed in her phone. Will took a second to drink in the image. Damn, what had he done to deserve this? He was the classic workaholic professor, young and ambitious, but not quite talented enough for the big leagues of Academia. His futile focus on research had meant sacrificing a personal life, not that there had been much of that on offer anyhow. A tall, thin nerdy guy with glasses, Will was not exactly a magnet for women. And here was Elaine, who had grown into a beautiful young woman, seemingly up for ...

 "Earth to Will," she interrupted his reverie. 

 "Oh, sorry, I was just...."

 "I know what you were doing, or at least thinking of doing," Elaine snickered. She stood up, straightened her skirt and grabbed Will's tie, pulling him toward his office. 

"I like what you've done with the place," she joked, as Will opened the door. Nothing had changed in the five years since Elaine had last visited. Décor wasn't Will's specialty. But the stereotypical ratty old couch against the wall and the desk covered with books and articles were somehow as charming as they were predictable. 

Elaine closed the door and clicked the lock. Will fumbled with his bag. "I wish I could offer you a drink," he said apologetically. 

"Oh, I don't need one," Elaine replied. She pushed Will down into his desk chair. "You don't know how many times I fantasized about coming into your office to do this when I was a student," she laughed, unbuttoning the top few buttons of her blouse, so that Will could see the arcs of her large breasts. He shifted a little in his seat. "Did you know about that fantasy?" she continued. 

"Well, I had some idea, but it wouldn't have been..." he trailed off. Elaine had finished unbuttoning her shirt, and her breasts were barely contained by a lavender bra. 

"... appropriate?" she finished his sentence and Will gulped. He loosened his tie, and Elaine leaned over to help, before reaching around to unhook her bra. Will gasped. Elaine had smooth pale skin. Her breasts sat atop a nice, round belly. Will had always liked bodacious, curvy women. Elaine more than fit the bill. 

"Actually, I ... thought about you too," he finally admitted. Feeling bolder, he continued, "In fact, I thought about you a lot. I wanted to fuck you right on this desk." 

Elaine cocked an eyebrow. "You wanted me like this?" She turned to face the desk, and hitched up her skirt over the beautiful curve of her ass. Will was shocked to see that she wore no panties. As Elaine bent forward over the desk, Will realized that she was wearing heals which had added three inches to her diminutive five foot, two inch frame. Will had never found heals particularly sexy, but as his gaze traveled up her legs past thick thighs to the moist mound barely visible from behind, he had to acknowledge that maybe he should rethink this position. In fact, maybe he needed to stop thinking. At least, that is what the cock throbbing in his pants suggested. 

At that moment, Elaine actually spanked her own ass, which jiggled, as if beckoning Will forward. He rose involuntarily, and began undoing his belt. Somehow, Elaine lifted a heal and pushed him back into the chair. "Not yet," she purred, turning around to face her former professor. She kicked off her heals, and brought the skirt back down enough to unzip it. She sat naked on his desk, propping both feet on the arms of his desk chair, framing her neatly trimmed pussy.

Will could wait no longer. He ran his hands along her thighs and pulled his chair toward the desk. He kissed her belly button and slowly worked his way downward, as his hands grabbed Elaine's ass for leverage. Will gently separated the lips of Elaine's pussy, eliciting a sensual moan. He circled the clitoris and then entered her slowly with his tongue. Elaine threw her head back. Even though the desk was uncomfortable as hell, she couldn't imagine any place she'd rather be. 

As if reading her mind, Will stood suddenly and lifted Elaine off the desk. She wrapped her legs around his thin body, as he carried her over to the couch. As short as she was, she could stretch out to her full length of the small sofa. "You are almost like a classical nude still-life," Will said. 

"Shut up, professor." she said. "Get out from behind the podium and fuck me!" Elaine reached up and undid Will's pants, pulling down his boxers to reveal a modest-sized, circumcised cock. She stroked it until it was hard, kissed the tip gently, and tugged on Will's balls. She pulled Will awkwardly on top of her. He was all elbows and knees, but she softened his landing. His cock wedged between them, pressing into her soft belly. 

Will rearranged himself, so that he was between her legs. She guided his cock to her opening and thrust upward. If this move seemed practiced, Will didn't care. He thrust into her. "Yes, fill me up with your cock," Elaine moaned. Will did. He pushed slowly at first, but then matched the rhythm of her arching back. His cock moved in and out with increasing speed. "Oh, god, Elaine, you feel incredible." 

Elaine closed her eyes and thought back to her younger self, sitting in her dorm room. She would have to interrupt studying for Will's tests to masturbate just so she could stay focused. And here he was fucking her in real life. Just the thought of her young fantasies, all of those lonely nights, brought her close to climax. She opened her eyes and saw Will's face, his surprisingly athletic chest and stomach moving in rhythm with her. His cock was barely visible for a few seconds before one final thrust accompanied by a satisfied, grunt. Suddenly, stars went super nova behind her eyeballs and her body tensed. Just as Elaine felt Will's seed spilling into her body, she convulsed with pleasure bordering on rhapsody. 

Will slumped into her once more, spent. And they lay there on the couch breathing heavily. 

"Well, professor," Elaine sighed after a few moments of blissful quiet. "These were very productive office hours. Perhaps, I'll have to come again next week."