 Violet was nothing like any of the women I had ever dated, and certainly not the kind of woman that I would have ever considered marrying - at least, not until she showed me how incredibly fulfilling life could be with her, and then I couldn't live without her. Even more surprising was how willing I was to follow down the rabbit hole of every adventure that she proposed.

After six years of incredible sex mostly fed by her active imagination, I surprised her with my own fantasy: wanting to watch her with another man. I was obsessed with the idea of watching her experience every delight without the distraction of my own need to see to her pleasure. Granted, one of our novelties in the past year was to record video of ourselves then watch it together. While that allowed me to focus solely on watching her in action, it still felt so removed from the real thing. I wanted to be there in the moment, not to mention have more control over the view.

Choosing the right person had proven more challenging than either of us had thought. Because of my position, we needed someone we trusted, someone who could be discreet, but someone who wouldn't be afraid to follow her lead. While the possibility of a random hookup from a dating app seemed easiest, Violet didn't want to jeopardize either of our professional reputations by putting ourselves out there that way. Plus it just seemed like a glorified bar pickup to both of us. So, I tried arranging some dinner parties with a variety of colleagues and acquaintances to no avail. The potential candidates I was most likely to trust had no physical appeal to Violet, and the ones who did appeal to her had wives that wouldn't appreciate our advances. A couple of friends of friends seemed like they would be the type who enjoyed it a little too much, and we weren't entirely certain if either of us wanted this to be more than a one-time thing.

It was only after Violet surprised me at the beginning of the new semester with a little afternoon role-playing by sitting in on one of my classes then seducing me in my office afterwards that the idea occurred to me: we should entice one of my students to join us. But in order to keep a certain level of propriety, it had to seem like it was all Violet's interest, and not mine. I mentioned a few students I thought we could trust, and suggested that Violet begin screening candidates. 

She began sitting in on my two senior level classes incognito just to scope out potential partners. She insisted - and I agreed - that it be someone who'd been in the program for all four years, who was academically strong, and who'd have no reason to see this as any kind of bargaining chip for a better grade or any other academic benefit.

After we'd narrowed the field down to a few interesting prospects, I began setting up situations where I could observe them in social settings - and then arranging seemingly coincidental meetings with Violet and me to gauge their reactions. At that point, it was all up to Violet. If she felt that the interest was there, she would let me know. 

I was a little surprised that she chose Bennett because he didn't seem like her type at all. She had a game she liked to play when we engaged in people-watching where she would choose a person - man or woman - and tell me what they'd use as a pickup line, preferred position, and kinks. The ones that excited her most seemed to be brooding, poetic types so it took me off-guard when she chose one of the frat-boy jocks with the most social capital among his peers in my classes. Granted, Bennett was also one of my most intelligent and dedicated students, so he also fit Violet's other requirements. 

Over spring break we had plenty of detailed conversations (followed by hours of playful sex) about how she would go about seducing him. I was a little uncomfortable about using the office at first, but Violet pointed out it would provide the perfect cover should anyone question us spending time together. Violet had made sure that she visited my office regularly as well, so that her presence didn't raise any other questions. We agreed on how, and where their first encounter would take place, and that we'd discuss afterward if there would be any further adventures. It was just a matter of Bennett walking in at the right time...

When I returned to my office from my meeting with the dean on that auspicious day, I noticed the door was closed and saw the posted note in Violet's handwriting that was our agreed-upon signal. I felt a bigger rush of excitement than I had anticipated, and my cock grew instantly hard at the thought of seeing what my incredibly beautiful and irresistibly sexy wife would do to please herself. I couldn't help but stroke myself a little as I fished in my pants pocket for the key to my office.

As quietly as possible, I unlocked the door and slipped into the office. Violet saw me, and made sure to distract Bennett by grabbing his hair and kissing him fiercely so that he wouldn't see me slide into the corner. She was straddling him, pinning him on the desk and I could see the curve of her perfect ass as she ground her hips into his. Seeing that he still had his shorts on, I realized that I had arrived just in time and hadn't missed too much yet. 

I was standing so that I could see her profile, and when she rose up on her knees to pull his shorts off, she gave me a quick glance and sexy grin before kissing him like she wanted to devour him. I knew exactly how it felt to be kissed like that by her, and my hand unconsciously went to my own lips where a phantom throbbing reminded me how hungry she could be. 

She reached a delicate hand down to play with his cock, and I couldn't help but smile as I saw her grin with satisfaction. I watched her hand work over his cock, and I unfastened my trousers and slipped my hand into my boxers and mirrored her actions on myself. 

When she plunged down on top of him, I gave my hard, thick shaft a firm stroke, squeezing at the base before pulling up slowly, letting my finger and thumb work over the prominent ridge of my swollen head. The muscles in her thighs and ass twitched and trembled as she held herself just above his thighs, and I knew she was squeezing his cock with those divinely powerful muscles deep inside her. I did the same with my hand, squeezing and pulling languidly, enjoying the view of her poised in ecstatic anticipation, her breasts thrust forward, her lips and face and creamy breasts now flushed a rosy pink. 

She asked him to spank her, and I noticed her legs spread a little wider, opening up the dark pink crease so I could see her swollen lips stretched around the base of his cock and exposing her little pucker of an asshole that I desperately wanted to lick and kiss. With every stroke he laid across her flesh, I noticed how her soft skin trembled and blushed, how she lifted up just enough that I could see her juices on his shaft, how she came back down hard enough to make her ass bounce slightly, how her legs kept spreading wider, heard her moan with increasing delight.

As much as I was enjoying this view, I wanted to see her expression, so I took a chance when she pushed him down on the desk and slipped back around them to lean on the office door. If he looked up to the side he'd see me, but Violet made sure she kept him occupied with licks and nibbles and the very distracting sight of her hands on her own breasts. She squeezed and cupped and pinched them through the fabric of her dress, and the look of sheer delight on her face nearly made me cum, but she wasn't ready to so I let go of my cock and just took in the sight of her perched on top of him. She reminded me of a ship's figurehead, curved and taut, enticing not just the spirits of the ocean to be captivated by her beauty, but glorious to behold for anyone who was lucky enough to see her in this state. She was divine, and I had never wanted her as much as I did in that moment. Even more so, I wanted to see her completely overcome with ecstasy.

As if she sensed my admiration and longing, she turned her gaze to me. I met her captivating eyes and saw so much raw passion in them that it took my breath away. I started stroking my cock again, hard and fast, not breaking the look between us. She moved in rhythm with me, her hips alternately rocking back and forth on top of his cock for a few strokes before slamming straight up and down for a few strokes. Her breasts were swaying and bouncing like crazy, and I thought about what they felt like when she rode me like that - depending on my angle they would sometimes slap my chest or my face, teasing me by giving me only the briefest of chances to lick or bite them. The sound of her soft flesh smacking his thighs combined with the increasingly wet sounds of her pussy pumping his cock, plus their moans and panting were enough to cover the sound of my own heavy breathing and spanking of my turgid shaft. 

Violet gave me the gift of the most dazzling smile as she made him cum. Her victory cry of "Oh FUCK yes!" was as much for my benefit as his. Knowing what was about to happen, she held my gaze as long as she could before her head turned upward with the increasing arch of her back. Her eyes closed and her mouth dropped open, forming a perfectly sensual circle that let slip several "ohs", increasing in pitch as her hips moved even more frantically. 

The moment I saw her body go rigid and saw her bite her lower lip, I pulled hard and fast on the end of my cock, feeling a hot rush of cum spill over my hand as she stifled a little scream while her body shuddered and shook, every muscle tensing and pulsing and then releasing to the oblivion of sexual rapture. The look on her face was the most erotic sight I have ever seen, and it took every ounce of reserve I had not to rush over and crush her mouth with hot, hungry kisses. 

But she wasn't finished - she surprised me to the point of near arousal when she dipped her fingers into her wet depths and sucked their combined juices off her fingers. She was teasing me, knowing that I couldn't taste her right then, but also knowing that as soon as Bennett left, I would be burying my face in her pussy and making her cum again. 

She surprised me again when she asked if it was what I'd wanted. The plan had been for me to watch, then slip out the door before Bennett was aware of my presence, but I had been mesmerized by her and had stayed too long. I could have slipped out then, and she could have played off the question as something she expected Bennett to answer, but I felt bold in the moment and answered her myself. 

When Bennett heard my voice, his head whipped around to the side and he started to scramble up from the desk. Violet held him down by straddling him and placing both hands on his chest. 

"No need to leave on his account," she purred at him. "Or mine, for that matter. This is a safe space, Bennett. We want you to be as satisfied as we are." 

"I-I'm s-s-satisfied," he said, calming down a bit. "But a little...confused?" He looked from Violet to me, and back at her again. Meanwhile, I'd managed to get my trousers back in place so he didn't have to stare at my cock, which had been at eye level while he lay on the desk. 

"My wife found you attractive, so I agreed to let her have a little fun," I explained matter-of-factly. 

"Did you have fun?" she asked him with a coy laugh, shaking her breasts ever so slightly as her nipples brushed his chest.

His laugh was a little more nervous. "Yeah, I suppose so."

"Would you like to have a little more fun again sometime?" As she asked this, she had been working herself over his cock, moving her hips in little circles, and I could hear the sticky sounds of her wet folds sliding over his soft shaft. I felt myself getting a little hard again knowing that she was nowhere near finished for the day, and eager to show her just how tantalizing she had been.

"Yeah," he said, again with a nervous laugh. "I mean, if that's what you want from me, sure. I'm in."

"Well, we'll see you next week, same time then," I instructed. "And, Bennett, please understand that discretion is paramount." 

"Understood, Dr. Logan. I won't say a thing to anyone," he said, but he was looking at Violet who was grinning like the cat with her prey as she wiggled her blushing ass over his groin. "No one would believe me anyway."

"And now, my wife and I need to get home. We have another engagement this evening." 

After Bennett was finally allowed to make his hasty retreat, Violet turned to me. "We have plans tonight?" she asked.

"Oh, my dearest, I have such plans for us tonight," I growled.