 Summer sun tingled across my bare shoulders as I slipped my hand into my husband's, matching my stride with his as we walked from the student union to the building on the university campus where he taught. His messenger bag filled with student papers and his textbook copy set up an alternate rhythm on his opposite hip. 

I'd decided to take advantage of the first really warm days of late spring to break out my summer sundresses, the ones that allowed me to go without a bra. Today's was a light blue with little yellow flowers, cut low in front and with a swingy skirt that brushed the middle of my thighs. I was such a contrast to my husband in his khakis and 'professor polo' as I had dubbed it.

But that wasn't the only contrast between us. He's 15 years older than I am - mid-40s but doesn't look his age. His hair is sandy blond and trimmed neatly, a clean-cut square peg looking kinda guy. Me? My tumbled mess of hair is three different shades of blue and purple, and I wear patchouli because it turns me on. He's always the big spoon because my head just reaches his collar bone. His hands are twice the size of mine. He has to plan everything, and I am unpredictable and spontaneous. Today he's allowed me to kidnap him for lunch before he teaches his afternoon freshman world studies class, in spite of the fact that he knows I could very well make him late. 

As we walk along, I brush his arm with the side of my breast, feeling my nipples rise and stretch the fabric across the front of my dress. He looks down at me with a wicked grin, knowing exactly what I'm up to, then chuckles a little nervously as we walk past a group of students. 

"Don't worry," I assure him, "I won't expose you to campus scandal - I'll only strip you naked with my eyes."

"I'm not worried," he says, letting go of my hand only to slip his around the curve of my waist and pull me closer so that our hips move together while we walk. He places a quick kiss on the top of my head. "Mmmm...warm." 

"This weather is amazing. Too bad you have to spend the afternoon indoors with a bunch of spoiled college kids, when you could be spending it outdoors with me." I slipped my arm around his waist as we neared the building entrance.

He tipped his head down and looked meaningfully at me over the top of his glasses. "Why do I feel like we would cause a campus scandal if I were to spend the afternoon outdoors with you?" His gaze slipped down my neck to my exposed cleavage, then flicked over the evidence of my arousal, making my pulse race as much as if he'd done the same with his tongue. "Spring has a certain effect on you, love."

I looked up at him through lowered lashes and gave him a seductive grin as I closed most of the distance between us. "One that you rather enjoy..." I was about to come up on my tiptoes to give him a perfectly innocent kiss when we were interrupted by someone calling his name.

"Dr. Logan!"

We both turned to the sound, and my legs went weaker as the most sculpted and stunning young man smiled and waved as he walked toward us. His thick, black hair shone with a reddish tint in the midday sun, and all I could think was how I wanted to bury my fingers in it as I guided his head down between my thighs... how I wanted my thighs wrapped around that slim and taut waist... I had to blink quickly to make sure none of that showed on my face, and plastered my "good wife" smile across my face while my husband spoke to him.

And then, I couldn't help myself. I had to get his attention. "I hope my husband hasn't made your lives miserable with too much busy work just before break." I leaned against his arm, making sure that the fabric on my dress stretched and pressed across my tingling breasts. I shifted my weight and crossed my legs slightly, pressing my thighs together to quell the heat that was rising between them.

"Oh, Bennett, this is my wife, Violet. Bennett's one of my senior seminar in global policies students." 

"Nice to meet an upperclassman," I purred, letting my gaze slip down to where Bennett had shifted his own messenger bag to cover his groin. I grinned, thinking I knew exactly why he'd made that move, wishing I could see his eyes behind the dark sunglasses he was wearing. Then I'd know exactly what effect I was having on him. 

"I've got to get to class. Stop by during office hours and pick up that journal I was telling you about," my husband said to Bennett, pulling me along the sidewalk toward the door of the building.

"Will do, Dr. Logan," Bennett called, and then added "So nice to meet you, Mrs. Logan." 

I flashed a dazzling smile over my bare shoulder at him. "Likewise." 

We entered the building and strolled toward his office, where I had left my purse before lunch. When my husband unlocked the door, I slipped inside and pulled him with me, closing the door and pressing him against it. He was already halfway hard, and I could feel the heat of him against my thighs through my thin skirt. Then I slid up his body and slipped him the less-than-innocent kiss that I had really been wanting to give him since before lunch. 

He moaned softly and bit my lower lip in return, slipping his hands up under my skirt to skim over the lacy cheeky panties I'd worn. On instinct, he pressed his hips into me, and I felt the full length of his hard cock against my soft belly.

"I really, really have to get to class..." he said, his voice husky.

"What's the rule? Fifteen minutes and no professor, then class is cancelled?" I nuzzled his neck just under his ear.

"That's a myth, you know." He patted my butt and then moved my hips away from his.

"I'd need more than fifteen minutes anyway," I teased, sliding my hands down his chest and crossing to his desk to get my purse, making sure to bend over far enough that my skirt rode up high to give him just a glimpse of the curve of my ass.

"You're incorrigible, Violet," he said.

"See you after office hours." I kissed him on the cheek and gave his trousers one good stroke before I walked out the door. 

"Vixen," he called softly after me.

****

A few minutes before his office hours ended, I returned, and hearing voices inside I took a seat in the hallway to wait for him. I dove back into the book I'd spent most of the afternoon with, but it wasn't the same without the sun on my shoulders and a breeze in my hair. So I put it back in my purse and leaned my head back against the wall, closed my eyes, and stretched out my legs, crossing them at the ankles. The hallway was deserted this time of the afternoon, since my husband had some of the latest office hours in his department so I didn't feel guilty about taking up so much space. 

I had just started to doze off when I heard his door open and the voices grow louder. My eyes flew open when I realized the rumbling bass voice that resonated in my chest was none other than that of the student I'd just met earlier today. Something about the sound of his voice sent a thrill to my center, winding something up that had been asleep for a while.

"Thanks again, Dr. Logan, I look forward to reading this. See you tomorrow. Oh! Hello, Mrs. Logan," he said, with a hint of mischief.

"Hello," I said, sitting up straighter, running a hand through my wind-swept hair. I noticed that he wasn't wearing the sunglasses he'd been wearing earlier, and my breath caught as I found myself looking at the brightest pair of green eyes I'd ever seen. Their hue deepened as he took a long look at my outstretched legs, and when his gaze reached the tip of my skirt, I slipped a hand down and pulled the fabric up just an inch or so. He arched an eyebrow as his eyes met mine, and I gave him a coy smile in answer. He just smiled and shook his head as he walked away. 

I turned my attention to my husband's office door - he was still seated at his desk inside, so I slipped in and shut and locked the door behind me. Flirting with Bennett had only added to the urge to act on the feelings I'd been having all day.

"Sweetheart, I think office hours are over," I said, moving to sit on the edge of his desk next to the stack of papers he was organizing. As he leaned back in his chair, I slid my hand up my thigh, taking my skirt with it and giving him a glimpse of those lacy panties as I moved one leg over and between his. I rested my foot on his desk chair, giving him an even better view.

He took off his glasses and set them aside, then pulled me down onto his lap facing him. 

As I started kissing him, he moved his hands up over my hips and down into my lacy panties. One hand slipped all the way down between my slit and found the slippery wetness there. He circled a finger around that opening, making me rock my hips back and forth, pressing my clit against the length of his hardness.

I reached up and slipped the straps of my sundress down my arms, freeing my breasts so that he could kiss and suck both of them in turn, making me gasp and moan with delight. I looked down to see my nipples had grown dark and were standing straight out from my creamy, soft mounds. I had to cup my breasts with my own hands and pinch my nipples as soon as he let one slip out of his warm, wet mouth because I couldn't get enough of the sensation. 

I stood and he pulled my panties down to my knees, planting a kiss on the thatch of dark hair at the crest of my thighs. Wiggling my legs, I let the little scrap of lace fall to the floor and kicked it aside, followed by the dress. I stood before him completely nude, spreading my legs so he could keep kissing the crease at the top of my thighs and work his tongue into my slit. As I wove my hands into his hair, I leaned back so I was resting on his desk, and his hands were under my thighs kneading the muscles there. He shifted his hands to push my legs up and open, resting my knees over his shoulders as he scooted his chair so that he could take full advantage of our position. 

His tongue worked over my clit and dipped into the pool of wetness between my pink lips while I continued to stroke and pinch my nipples with one hand and stroke his head and neck and jaw with the other. My breaths were coming faster and I couldn't keep from moaning as his tongue and lips lapped and sucked over that sensitive bud. Alternating between little sideways flicks and long vertical strokes with his tongue brought me to a state of ecstasy all too soon. I pushed his head firmly against me as my legs and hips spasmed, but he pulled back enough to slip two fingers inside me to stroke and coax an even stronger orgasm out of me. I yelled a few obscenities, not caring who might hear me, and dug my heels into his back. 

"God, you're dripping wet," he said, finally standing and unzipping his pants then hurriedly freeing his cock from his plaid boxers. He was so turned on that it was standing straight up, more so than usual, but I barely got a glimpse of it before he had thrust the entire length in me up to the balls. 

"Mmm...I can feel the last little pulses of your orgasm," he murmured as he moved a little deeper inside.

I wrapped my legs around his waist as he began stroking slowly, enjoying every slippery inch of me as he worked in and out. His head moved down to kiss my neck and then down to my nipples again, but I pulled his face back up to mine and pulled his tongue into my mouth. 

"I taste so good on you," I murmured against his lips as I licked and sucked them, then plunged my tongue past his teeth and kissed him deeply.

His hands moved to my legs and lifted them up to rest on his shoulders as he began working his hips faster. Soon I could hear the soft slap of his balls hitting my ass, and that made me moan. I slipped fingers down between my legs to rub at my clit, but he brushed my hand aside and used his thumb to rub it himself. 

"Oh, fuck," I said, the combination of hearing his body connecting with mine, feeling his hard cock pounding deep inside me, and his thumb working my clit all at the same time making me so aroused that I couldn't help but start moaning louder and louder as I got closer to cumming again.

His rhythm picked up to a furious pace and his breaths became panting became little cries of "oh!" over and over until he drew back, paused for a moment, then plunged deep inside me several times, shuddering and groaning with the pleasure of cumming so hard. Feeling his explosion inside me pushed me over the edge and I sank back on the desk, my back arching while my hips bucked against his. I clutched his shoulders, leaving red marks where my nails dug in as I moaned "Oh, fuck yes!" with each wave of extreme pleasure.

We lay there panting for a few moments, my eyes closed. When I did open them, I thought I saw the shadow of someone standing outside his office. It was hard to tell through the frosted glass on the side of the door, but whoever it was looked to be about the same size and wearing the same colors as Bennett had been... Before I could turn and get a better look, whoever it was moved away down the hall. My husband didn't notice, though. He was more concerned about the mess we'd made on the stack of papers that he was supposed to grade before the next class.