 It was really great when the company went to a flex hours schedule. Not only did the noon to eight schedule fit my life style better; it gave me the opportunity to meet our cleaning lady. Terry, a young freckled blond with huge tits certainly wasn't your typical cleaning lady. At first a person would think that she was a bit hefty, but as I watched her work, I could see from the back that she had a narrow waist, nice flaring hips and a tight, round butt.

The first night she came in while I was working late, she was wearing a skintight T-shirt that said "Shazam" across the front of it. It was all I could do to keep my eyes on my work as she bustled around, emptying the wastebaskets, dusting off the desktops and vacuuming the floor. Every time she passed my cubicle on some task, she would give me a bright smile.

One night as I was taking a break in the lunchroom, she came in and sat down across from me. "I hope my working doesn't disturb you," she said. "I clean three places after school each night and I could do this place later if you like."

She was wearing a T-shirt with two pictures of King Tutankhamen strategically placed, one over each huge mound, and the words, "Are you looking at my Tuts?" written under them. "No, actually, I enjoy watching you work," I stammered. Once my attention was drawn away from her "Tuts" to her luminous green eyes, we were able to chat for a few minutes before we had to get back to work. I found out that she was working on her masters degree, was planning on a career in education, and wore a size 36 DD bra.

As hot as I was for her, none of our conversations had ever touched on the subject of sex. I didn't want the hassle of a sexual harassment suit or to be confronted by a jealous boyfriend.

As spring neared and the weather started warming, Terry took to wearing shorts to work that accentuated her firm butt and long shapely legs. One night when I had to stay over a little later than usual to finish a report that was due in the morning, I noticed Terry hike up her "I'm perfectly adjusted, so don't mess with the knobs" T-shirt. She then unfastened her bra and slipped it off, leaving her mammoth tits free under the T-shirt. I was amazed at how little the effects of gravity had on them. Even without the support of the bra, they stood out proudly, each one swaying independently as she continued her tasks.

When I returned from the lunchroom with a cup of coffee, I noticed that Terry was gone and figured that she had left for the night. I sat back down at my desk and started to shuffle the paper work. About the time I noticed her T-shirt lying on top of my computer CRT, I felt two hands on my thighs. I had been sporting a half of a hard on all night from watching her work braless and when she deftly unzipped the front of my pants and freed my cock from its confines, it sprang into an instant erection. Her soft, warm lips encircled its bulbous head and as her tongue did little tricks along its sensitive underside, she engulfed it completely in her mouth. I didn't even have time to register surprise before she brought me to an incredible climax. As I pumped stream after stream of hot semen down her throat, I could hear her going, "Mmm, mmm" under the desk as she swallowed and licked every drop.

When she was done, she pushed my chair back away from my desk and stood, waving those magnificent breasts in my face. "You're the first guy I've met that hasn't hit on me and the only guy that I've really wanted," she said. "So I thought I'd make the first move."

"In this day and age of sexual harassment suits, a guy is almost afraid to do what comes natural to him," I said as I pulled her down and kissed her full on the lips and tasted my own semen in her mouth as I explored it with my tongue.

Next I knew, her jogging shorts were crumpled on the floor and she was sitting astride my lap, the shaft of my re-engorging cock nestled between the puffy lips of her hot pussy and my face buried in acres of firm tit flesh. I held the luscious mounds in my hands as I kissed, suckled and gently nibbled their thimble sized nipples. Terry moaned and pressed herself into my caresses. I could feel her pussy get wetter as her undulations caused the silky smooth flesh in her feminine crevasse to slide effortlessly up and down my rigid rod. When she could take no more of the teasing stimulation, she raised up slightly, reached down and positioned the head of my cock at the opening of her feminine sheath then pressed herself down on it, engulfing it completely in her gripping aperture.

With the hard little knot of her clit pressing into my pelvis and her pussy lips stretched around the base of my cock, she began thrusting her hips back and forth, almost tipping my desk chair over. "Oh God!" she moaned. "You feel so good inside me!"

I lifted her up and positioned her on my desk top, spilling papers everywhere, then began long stroking my dick in and out of her dripping orifice as I massaged her huge tits and squeezed her nipples. She laid back on the desk top, found a grip on the far edge and lifted her legs up on my shoulders so that I had a perfect view of my hard cock as it slid in and out of her snug pussy. Luckily, we were alone in the office by then or her moans and exclamations would have brought in rescuers. Just about the time all of the excitement was about to bring me to another climax, Terry's body tensed up and began to quiver. Then with a gasp and a long deep-throated moan, she let loose in orgasmic fury, bouncing and bucking against me. As her vaginal muscles tightened around my cock, increasing the friction as it slid along her tight cunt walls, I blew my nuts, filling her with another load of hot spunk.

Terry pulled me down to her and held me tight until her spasms subsided. "My god, you feel good," she gasped. "Can we do this some more?"

"My apartment is only about five blocks away," I said.

"A lot closer than mine. Let's go."

My futon bed made a lot better surface to fuck on and we made good use of it. It also gave me the opportunity to fulfill one of the fantasies I had since I first saw her. After we had fucked ourselves into a good sweat, I straddled her torso as she pressed her tits together, wrapping them around my cock. As I stroked in the slippery crease of her cleavage, with her licking the head of my cock at every stroke, I shot another load of come right into her waiting mouth.

I received a reprimand for not having that report in on time, but it was well worth it. Terry received her master's degree and is now teaching at the local junior college so now we do our little romps in her office after hours.