 She walked into his outer office and saw his secretary sitting there. "Is Mr. Jackson in, Anita?"

She glanced up from her computer and smiled at her. "Of course. Would you like me to tell him you're here?"

"No, I will just slip in there and surprise him." She walked to his door and straightened her jacket before reaching for the door knob. She walked in and was met with his dark head bent over his desk.

"Good afternoon" she said in way of announcing her arrival.

He looked up, startled to see her standing in his office at this time of day.

"What brings you downtown at this hour?" He asked her, eyeing her jacket. "And what is with the coat? Is it raining out?" He looked out his window and saw blue sky.

Her face lit up. "Well, I wanted to show you something." She slowly undid the belt around her waist and let the jacket fall open a little bit, revealing skin and a little bit of black lace. 

I picked up some new things at the mall the other day and wanted to get your opinion on them. She let the coat fall open all the way to reveal a black lace bra and lacy garter skirt with thigh high stockings.

His heart start hammering in his chest when she let the jacket fall off her shoulders and on to the floor. She stepped out of the pile of fabric at her feet and reached for the door knob, making sure it was locked.

His cock got rock hard in the time it took his brain to register what the click of the lock meant.

She was going to fuck him in his office.

She walked over to his desk and gently ran her fingers down his cheek.

"What do you think, boss?" She leaned down to kiss him gently on the lips, slowly savoring the taste of his mouth. She ran her tongue over the seam of his lips begging him to let her tongue in to dance with his.

He reached his hands up to her shoulders and gently pulled her back so he could take in the full picture. He looked down at her body and saw her dark nipples thru the lace of her bra. He ran his fingers under the swell of her breast making her gasp.  "So far, from what I see, I like it." He glanced down at the rest of the lacy number and plucked at one of the clips on her garter.

"Where did you find this creation?"

She smiled, "Oh, I've had my eye on it for awhile, just haven't been able to get in and try it on. I finally had some free time and I like how it looked. I thought I would get your opinion on it too."

He reached between her legs to find her uncovered pussy. His breath hitched in his throat as his hand probed her wetness.

"Um, yeah. So far it's working for me."

He reached up and grabbed her face between his hands, standing as he did so. He tilted her face up to his and gently kissed her lips. 

"What is it that you want from me?" He asked looking into her eyes.

She laughed as she reached her hands down between his legs and felt his hard on thru his suit pants.

"I would think that is pretty obvious what I want from you." Her hands ran over the length of him, trying to find his zipper. When she found it, she opened his pants and reached in to caress his cock with her hand.

He took her mouth with his again and nipped at her lips causing her to gasp with pleasure. She opened her mouth to let his tongue inside. She matched the stroking of her tongue to the stroking of her hand.

"I want you to take me here, on your desk." She gasped out. 

He felt for her breast and pulled the bra cup down so he could tug on her already hard nipple. He bent his head and took her nipple into his mouth slowly stroking it with his tongue. When she moaned he gently bit down with his teeth causing her to groan out his name.

Her hand squeezed harder on his cock, causing him to step back. The thought of taking her here on his desk was pushing him close to the edge of insanity. He grabbed her ass and hitched her up to the edge of his desk. 

"Well baby, I hope your ready, because I can't take much more of you." He reached for his belt buckle and made quick work of it while she unhooked her bra. He bent his head and took a nipple in his mouth while he squeezed the other one between his fingers. She reached her hand up to his face, running a finger along his lips. "Hurry!" She whispered.

He grabbed his cock and ran the head of it over the slit of her wet pussy making her gasp when he hit her clit. 

"Shhh, baby." Reminding her that they were in his office with his secretary only feet away.

He slowly pushed his cock into her pussy, inch by agonizing inch, making her arch her back, forcing her hard nipples up into his face. He licked one while he shoved his cock home into her.

He could feel her pussy clenching around his hard cock and knew that it wouldn't take much to get her off. Thank God, because he was on the edge himself. 

He reached between her legs, searching for her clit, stroking in circles as he slowly stroked his cock back and forth into her pussy.

"Oh God, baby, you feel so good." He whispered.

"Please, make me cum. Here, on your desk." she begged. 

Her hips bucked up at his hand every time he rubbed her clit. He felt how hard it was.

"Cum for me baby!" She looked her in the eyes as he pleased with her.

"Oh fuck, I'm cumming!" He felt her pussy clench his cock with every spasm of her orgasm. He kept the stroking of both his finger and his cock up. Her whimpers of ecstasy were more than he could handle and he grabbed her hips and slammed his cock into her , cumming deep inside her.

He held on to her hips, kissing her neck until he caught his breath again.

"Wow, woman. We should have done that sooner!" 

She giggled into his mouth as she kissed him. 

She put her bra back on and retrieved her coat from the floor while he straightened himself up.

She reached for the door and turned around. "See you at home Mr. Jackson?" 

He smiled at her.

"Yes, you will, Mrs. Jackson. Make sure you still have that little number on when I get home. I am not done with you yet today."