  Authors note: This is part of the Nude day contest. I hope you enjoy! Vote high and vote often!

*

I really hated working weekends, but here I was doing just that. Partly because I felt like I had to and partly because I felt like it was important that if I have my people working on a weekend, I should be equally willing to be there with them. The had to part was because I'd been out for the last three days at a customer site working with them on finalizing the design requirements for a new shopping center. The equally willing portion was because I had at least half of my engineering team working to finish the last documents for a bid that had to go out Monday. I felt bad having them working a Saturday, but it had to be done and if they had to be here, well so did I.

I sat down at my computer in my office, able to look over my set of dual monitors and out my office door to the cubicle farm in the main room of the engineering department. I could see a few heads moving about the cubicles, stepping from little box to little box as they coordinated their efforts with each other. While I was gone I had time to deal only with most urgent e-mails. Now was time to dig into the rest, starting all the way back at Wednesday. 

I had managed to work my way all the way to Thursday when I hear a soft tap on the doorframe. I looked up and my jaw about hit the floor. Tiffany, the company president, stepped into my office, inside the door several feet and leaned back against the wall. Tiffany owned the company, and it was a truly minority firm. Not only was it owned by a woman, but other than a very few positions, like mine, the entire engineering staff, the cad technicians and what I liked to call the numbers group, were women. Many of those young ladies were minorities as well. 

Don't get me wrong. Not a one of the staff held their position because they were minorities, but because they were damn good at what they did. Tiffany had intended her firm to be all women, but the simple facts of life in a man's world were that many of her customers tended to try and push the women around in ways that they wouldn't push a man around. Hence I was hired as the engineering manager, most particularly to deal with the customers in ways that the previous young woman couldn't seem to. 

Tiffany was five foot eight without heels, though I rarely saw her without heels. I'd seen her hundreds of times in the last four years, but never like this. She stood in my office, her hair in a curly doo, her makeup as perfect as it always was. She had a string of large pearls around her neck and black four inch heels. I'd always thought she was a fine looking woman, only a dozen or so years younger than my fifty years, wide in all the appropriate places, narrow in those too. I'd always guessed that her thin silk blouses hid a very nice pair of breasts, at least a thirty-eight double D or larger. I could now see that they were indeed larger. Her skin was creamy white, a stark contrast to auburn hair, including the small, neatly trimmed triangle of auburn curls just above the juncture of her legs. I knew all this because she was standing in my office wearing nothing but those pearls and heels.

I sat and stared at her, my mouth hanging open, unable to utter a word as my eyes ate up the sexy view in front of me. She looked down at her feet, shuffled them slightly, leaning against the wall with her hands behind her round ass. 

"Um," I mumbled, not sure what to say.

"Took me almost an hour to work up the courage to come out of my office like this," she said looking up at me. "I was hoping that I could come in here for a little moral support, but it looks like you're not participating," she said with a frown. 

"Participating?" I finally got out after several more seconds. 

"Of course. You know how I feel about my department managers. I expect them to lead by example," she said as she stepped toward my desk, pulled the chair I kept next to the wall over to the side of my desk and settled lightly into it, crossing her legs, one dangling over the other, her four-inch high heel slipping on and off her heel as she flexed her toes.

"Tiffany," I said opening and closing my mouth half a dozen times with nothing coming out. "You look incredible, but I'd hardly expected to see you come into my office naked."

"Well, how else would I be today?" she asked as if the question explained the entire situation.

"Dressed?" I asked.

She looked at me curiously, then closed her eyes, tilted her head back and let out a long sigh. "Scott. Have you read all your e-mails?"

"No. I'm just trying to get caught up now. Why?"

She pushed herself up from the chair, her pussy briefly visible, full round outer lips with soft looking inner lips protruding downward enticingly. "Read the one I sent Friday," she said as she turned and walked across my office and out without another word. I quickly looked back to my computer, scrolled down to Friday's e-mails and found the one she sent to the entire company list. Subject: Holiday Observance.

 As you all know we have long made it a habit of celebrating any holiday that is nominated by any employee. This Saturday is the annual observance of National Nude Day. This particular holiday has been nominated for a number of years, but since it would be inappropriate with the public able to come in, I have never allowed it. Since this year NND falls on a Saturday, I will allow its observance. I know a number of staff are going to be in working, but for those of you who are not, I will allow a half day flex time between Saturday and Monday to allow those not required to work this Saturday to come in and enjoy the celebration if they so choose. 

As with all of our holiday observances, this is intended to build camaraderie among the members of our company family. As with all of the holidays we observe, let's remember to keep all thoughts and comments positive. We are all individuals and we can choose to participate or not participate at our own comfort levels and any negative comments, innuendo or reactions will be dealt with in the strongest possible terms. 

So, enjoy the holiday. Feel free to express yourself as you see fit. I will, of course come in and celebrate along with you to the best of my abilities.

Mrs. K." 

"National Nude Day?" I asked my computer out loud. "Is that even a thing?" It only took a quick search to find out that it was indeed a real thing, a real thing that I was now expected to partake in celebrating. I picked up my phone and dialed the three-digit extension from memory.

"Yes Scott?" Tiffany answered, either seeing my name pop up on the caller ID or expecting my call.

"Tiffany. Are you serious about this?"

"I am. The secretarial staff have nominated this holiday for the last three years. I really can't say no forever, can I?" 

"You could."

"That wouldn't really be fair, would it? I mean there isn't anything stopping us, is there?" 

"Other than a bunch of naked women running around?"

"And this is a problem for you? I've never known you to be bashful about anything. Have we found the one thing you are bashful about? Being around naked women? Or is it your own nakedness that's at issue here?" 

"I'll admit that it's a bit of an uncomfortable thought, walking around naked with a bunch of equally naked women."

"Which is why it took me nearly an hour to work up the nerve to walk out of my office. But now that I have, I have to admit that I am much less hesitant than I was. So, take off your clothes and I'll come by your office shortly. We can take a stroll to show our support for those who have chosen to participate."

"You're not going to give me a bye on this one?"

"Should I? It's not like it's a religious conflict. You're not married. You have a problem seeing naked women?" 

"Not exactly. Let's just say that it's easier for a woman to hide any unintended physical responses than it is for a guy."

I heard her laugh over the telephone. "So what you're telling me is that you're afraid we might misinterpret an erection as something other than what it is? A visible sign that the woman you're looking at is attractive? I don't see a problem here," Tiffany said evenly. 

"Fine. Give me a few minutes," I answered with a sigh. I heard the phone click off before I got my handset hung up. Tiffany had made it quite clear that being an 'old white guy' in a company of almost exclusively women, that I would have to make some adjustments. The first of which was that even though in the work world I wasn't a minority, in this company I was. Not only was I in the minority, I was one of only three men in the entire company. So as such I had to agree to participate equally with the rest of what she called 'the family', even though many of the activities might see a bit girly. To date I hadn't had any problem doing that, but then I'd never had to run around naked either.

I had the option of refusing. I know that she wouldn't hold it against me if I didn't feel comfortable participating this way. But I also knew that while overtly she would never intentionally hold it against me, it would be hard for her to not subconsciously remember that I wasn't 'all in' with the company.

With resignation I stripped off my t-shirt and then stood up to push my cargo shorts down, working them over my running shoes and leaving them lay on the office carpet next to my desk. The next step was harder. I pushed my boxer briefs down my legs and sat down in my chair again to work them over my shoes, adding them to the small pile on the floor. Wearing nothing but my running shoes and socks I turned back to my computer to continue working, trying not to feel conspicuous.

"Well, glad to see you agreed to join me. I'd have felt ridiculous if I was the only one doing this," Tiffany said as she walked into my office. She moved to the chair she had vacated only a little while ago, sitting down in it again, her motion giving me a brief glimpse of her pussy lips as she sat down before she crossed her legs again. "So, how did the trip go?"

"Pretty well actually," I answered, glad to talk about something almost normal when everything felt very un-normal. "They had heartburn over the things we knew they would. In particular the fire suppression system in the data center. They didn't really want to go to the extra costs, but I pressed them hard to realize just how important that is. Their argument of course was that code doesn't require it.

"Of course. But sometimes it's advantageous to go beyond code, sometimes it's not," she agreed.

"Yep. In the end they agreed to put it in as an option in the quote process, so we need to design it both ways."

"Shouldn't be a problem. Kristen shouldn't have a problem with that. I understand she had words with the fire marshal yesterday over the Killian project. Something about fire pumps."

"Uh oh. He can be a pain in the ass sometimes," I muttered. "We better go talk to her and see what he had to say."

"Good idea," Tiffany said, uncrossing her legs and standing up again, her pussy nearly at face level as she stood next to my chair waiting. My hardon had just started to go down with the distraction of real work, but looking at her auburn curls threw my mind into the gutter and my cock practically sprang to life. "Coming?" she asked as I hesitated to push away from my desk.

"Um. Yeah," I finally said, pushing back and standing up, my half hard cock sticking out lewdly as it obviously grew harder as she watched.

"On account of me? I'm flattered," she said quietly, trying to suppress a smile. 

"Well, you are good looking and naked. Pretty hard to ignore those facts," I said a bit sheepishly, still waiting for her to step back so we could leave the office. She stood looking down at me as I grew harder by the second, my eight and a half inches now poking at an angle up toward her stomach, the whole thing bouncing slightly with each beat of my pounding heart.

"For what it's worth, it's a good thing that, as you say, women are better at hiding when they're turned on, though I feel right now like my nipples are sticking out every bit as far as your cock."

"They are a tad hard," I agreed, looking at the large pink protrusions jutting out from the center of each two-inch diameter areola, her nipples pointing slightly downward as her huge creamy tits hung like two large teardrops on her chest. "Thirty-eight triple D," I mumbled as I thought to myself just how big they really were.

"Good guess," she answered with a smile. "Eight inches? Or bigger."

"Just over," I answered, "Last time someone measured."

"It would certainly fill a girl up," she said softly, her hand moving as if to reach for my cock before she pulled it suddenly back. "I think we should go see Kristen."

"Good idea," I answered, still not able to step from behind my desk until she moved from where she was standing. After several more awkward seconds she stepped back and allowed me almost enough room to step from behind my desk past her. She motioned for me to lead the way so I turned, facing her, and squeezed between the corner of my desk and her naked body, my rock hard cock pressing and dragging across her mound and her hard nipples dragging across my body as I moved in front of her. I had no doubt that was what she intended, a somewhat reasonable way for her to get her body to touch mine without overtly reaching out and doing so.

She followed me out of my office and into the cubicle complex, a matrix of eight by eight foot cubicles about five feet tall, dividing the large open floor space into a network of small office compartments. I wound my way through the aisles created by the partition walls, noticing that many of the desks were occupied, many more than I would have expected on a Saturday, and that almost every one of the occupants was quite clearly as naked as I was.

I stepped into Kristen's cubicle, finding her at her desk with her back to us, a large cad model of a building up on her thirty inch display. "Hey Kristen," I said as I stepped in.

"Mister C," she said before turning around. "Holy shit," she blurted as she saw my rock hard cock pointing almost straight at her face. Her cheeks suddenly blushed pink and the nipples on her perky little B cup breasts started hardening as she stared at my cock only a foot from her face. "Um. Sorry. Didn't expect that," she mumbled, finally looking up from my cock to my face.

"So you had words with the fire marshal over the Killian project?" I asked, trying to break the awkwardness of the situation.

"Um. Yeah. He called because he didn't like the way we were doing the auxiliary fire suppression system. He wants us to add a redundant fire pump. I told him that code didn't require it, but he insisted rather strongly that if we wanted an occupancy permit when the building was done that we'd better put in a redundant pump."

"I don't know what his problem is. We have what, a two thousand in there now?"

"Uh huh. Two thousand GPM."

"What's code call for?"

"With the square footage and number of heads, Amanda calculated a little over a thousand. We opted to go to two K to feed the auxiliary standpipe system as well."

"Okay. Here's what I'd like you to do. Get me the figures on the cost of the single two thousand, installed with all the fittings, and then figure the cost of two twelve hundreds with a cross tie. One tied to the sprinkler and the other to the standpipe. If he wants to push us in a corner we'll just push back, but he won't like what he gets."

"Can do Mr. C," she said quietly, her eyes going back to my dick. I saw her lick her lips, almost hungrily before shaking her head slightly and looking up at me again in embarrassment. 

"Okay. Thanks, Kristen," I said as I turned to leave, bumping directly into Tiffany as I did so. I reached out to steady both of us, my hands grabbing at her arms and reflexively pulling her toward me so she didn't topple backwards. We stood for several awkward seconds, my cock trapped between us with her hard nipples pressing against my chest before I loosened my grip and let her step backwards. "Sorry," I mumbled.

"Uh huh," she said slightly breathlessly. "Accidents happen."

"Uh huh," I agreed as she stepped back out of the cubicle and my grip.

"So I think we should just take a walk around, don't you think?"

"Yeah. Sure," I answered stepping out into the aisle next to her. We wandered through the engineering cubicle farm, noticing that there were more than a few bare bodies sitting and working. I couldn't help but watch Tiffany's tits wiggle and bounce with each step she took just like I couldn't help but notice that she kept looking down at my cock as it swung side to side with each step I made. We climbed the steps at the end of the cubicle farm up to the second floor where the accounting and estimating department was, her ass wiggling side to side as she walked up the stairs in front of me. We stepped off the stairs into the open accounting department space and stopped. Unlike the engineering department, the accounting department had chosen to forgo the cubes and have just a large open space where everyone could see everyone else.

"Where is everyone?" Tiffany asked quietly, looking down the row of desks that all faced the center aisle. 

"Conference room?" I asked, with a shrug, noting that the large conference room on the far end of the department was lit up. 

"Must be," she answered, starting to walk that direction. I followed along, about half a step behind her, watching her ass wiggle as we walked toward the conference room. "What the fuck?!" she asked, clearly stunned as she stopped and looked in the glass front wall of the conference room. 

The floor to ceiling blinds were partially closed, but through the gaps of the vertical slats it was easy to see that the large conference table was adorned by the two male accounting types, completely naked, each with a young lady bouncing on his cock and another kneeling over his face. The other two of the six young ladies that worked in this department were equally engaged, their heads between each other's legs as they lay one over the other on the table cross ways between the two men. The sight was as erotic as it was startling. 

Not that I had anything against sex. Hell, I was starting to seriously think about trying to get some myself. I just didn't expect to walk up on an orgy in progress. "I think that the accounting department is on break," I said quietly as we stood and watched, the young lady, maybe thirty or so, bouncing on one of the guys, drawing my attention. She wasn't slim, but well-rounded with tits every bit as large as Tiffany's, her huge tits flying wildly as her body slapped loudly down on the guy under her. The slapping of their sweaty skin was almost as loud as her moans of pleasure as she pounded down on him. Up and down she went, her tits flying up and down, each trip down punctuated by a slap of her ass on his thighs and then a moment later the slap of her tits against her own body. 

Up and down she bounced, moaning loudly, her head thrown back and her long brown hair flying almost as much as her tits. It was obvious that she was extremely close to climax, her moans and cries growing louder as we stood watching. "Oh fuck yes! Shit Donny! I'm going to COME!" she practically screamed as her legs started to visibly tremble, her body still plunging up and down on his shaft. Suddenly her whole body went rigid as the guy under her jerked, his body wracked with spasms as he came inside the pussy coming on his dick. She sat panting, staring off into space as her body shuddered on top of him, clearly deep in the throes of orgasm. 

"Come on," I said, reaching out for Tiffany's arm and gently drawing her back. 
