 Helen cupped Greg's face in her hands and slowly let him rise. She was still dizzily delirious from her orgasm, still in need, still perched on the edge of her desk. Being tongued was one thing but having felt how hard, how huge, he was, she also wanted his cock.

And Greg wanted her too. He unbuttoned her blouse and let her shrug out of it, revealing the blossom of her full breasts under a sheer cami. Arousal made her nips stand out under the thin transparent fabric.

Gently, he let the thin straps fall from her shoulders, the rest following down her body. Helen blushed... no, glowed... at the attention, and pulled him between her thighs so he could kiss her. As their lips met, she felt his large warm hands cup her breasts, his fingers caressing her pert sensitive nips. His touch was electric, delicate for such strength. Even so, her eyes rolled upwards in sensual rapture.

Helen leaned back on the desk, and let Greg's mouth drop from hers to fall to her cleavage. His hands cupped their swell, supporting them like a bra, and his lips moved from one nip to the other, sucking on them, running his hot tongue round them, and giving them little playful nibbles. Each move brought louder and more excited squeals.

Sitting up, Helen ran her hands down the front of Greg's trousers. His hardness felt amazing. She tugged at his belt and unzipped him. As they fell she could already see he had made a wet patch in his boxers. Still sitting on the desk she leant forward and sucked the tip through the damp cotton. Greg gripped her head, gasping at the heat of her lips on him. Then she stretched the waistband out and took the whole swollen head in her mouth as it poked out to say hello. Greg nearly choked on his gasp of delight.

Helen teased the boxers down Greg's hips, letting them fall past his knees. He stepped out of them and the trousers, kicked his shoes away and slipped his socks off. Then he reached round and undid Helen's skirt, letting it slip down her legs to puddle at her feet as she stood up. She stood there, in just stockings and panties, looking up at him. She looked into his eyes expectantly, wondering what he had in mind.

Wordlessly he turned her, bent her over her desk. Helen loved dogging but hadn't expected Greg to do it. She felt his hands tugging her panties down round her thighs, and his strong hands grip her bum. Then the searing heat of his cock against her clit as he guided himself up and into her. His taut veiny size and heat were tempered by the wetness of her first orgasm, a soothing balm to his rough and wild penetration.

"I want you, Helen." Greg told her, "I've always wanted you." Then he reached over her, held her wrists and gently pulled them behind her back to pin them there. Then she felt his feet between hers, slowly moving them apart so her legs splayed until her tum was flat on the desk.

At first Greg was gentle, sensual. Helen could feel every vein, every pore of his burning tight skin inside as it slowly stretched her, aroused her more, pleasured her intimately. While her thoughts were on her boyfriend, she realised Greg was much bigger than him, reaching and stimulating where he never had. Her twat quivered, snuggling round him in a close erotic hug, fitting more perfectly than any other man had before. It was like he filled and caressed not only there, but all of her - each and every nerve... even her soul. She didn't feel like it was a one-off liaison, a snatched needy fuck. Greg was really making love to her. She found herself really wanting him too. Intimately. 

He was driving her wild with more need, like a drug. Each thrust was a fix that made her craving increasingly desperate. In bare minutes, she had gone from 'I can handle this... " to addict for his raw masculine style.

"I've always wanted you." Echoed in her mind as she lost herself in his faster and deeper pounding.

"I've always wanted you." His words over and over as her whole body quivered and rippled as he held her, penetrated her, fucked her.

"I've always wanted you." She felt like she had always wanted, would always want him now.

Oh my god, oh my fucking god, ohmisweetfuckingod, her body, her soul, gave its own mantra as she felt her self control slip away, ohmigod, ohmigod, ohmyyyyy...

Greg's cock could hold on no more. With a cry of complete loss, he emptied himself into her with a wildness and abandon he had never ever felt.

Ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh!

Helen's cry was one of an angel returning to heaven. A song of elation to her new god. A rhapsody of complete satisfaction, to the beat of his cumming so hotly liquid and deep inside her. 

Her twat squeezed his cock in a sweet tight cuddle, and massaged it, milked it. Every last hot drop of clinging cum, splashing into her like a tidal wave.

For long eternal moments, their bodies rocked as one to a primeval naked rhythm. Greg pulled Helen's hands to each side, slowly pushing them forward either side of her, scattering papers, until he lay heavily on her back, still inside and twitching, throbbing, from the untamed climax.

As their scattered senses returned, Helen felt him nuzzling her neck, kissing her ear. She twisted her glowing face to his and their lips met, tongues swirling.

She felt like she had never been fucked before, that it was Greg who had taken her virginity, so intense and new was her orgasm.

And Greg felt like he had never truly known a woman, until her.

To be continued...?