 Three detectives walk into Joe's office and sit at their favorite table. Veronica, Adam and Gio are served their ritual morning cups of coffee, talking about a murder case they were working on.

Noticing that her spoon isn't quite clean enough, Veronica gets up from her chair and approaches Joe at his little bar counter. Reaching over to grab the cloth Joe was holding for her, she smiles at him as she first breathes her hot breath onto it and wipes the spoon clean.

Joe could feel his cock begin to stir as the busty brunette walked towards him. Gawd she has a killer body! Big breasts that looked like they were ready to burst through her white blouse and tight pants that showed off her tiny waist, shapely hips and long, luscious legs.

He couldn't help watch as Veronica's breasts danced as she cleaned that spoon. He wished that it was his cock rather than the spoon she was breathing onto and rubbing with those delicate hands of hers.

Veronica's beeper goes off and she looks down and sees a message. A wry look comes across her face and she gets up and hands it over to Joe. He takes a look at the red wording scrolling across and utters. "I'll be damned."

"What?" Gio asks, getting up from her chair to reach across the table for a creamer for her coffee. At the same time she did this, Adam was reaching for a napkin. He felt her breasts glide across his arm as she reached forwards and then moved back. Once she sat down, she gives the ancient immortal a playful glance and a big smile. She looked like she was almost ready to laugh.

Veronica answers. "Our suspect is finally in custody."

Hearing the news like as if it was the greatest thing anybody ever told her in her entire life, Gio screams out. "Yes!!!"

It looked like as if she was addressing the ceiling, with her arms spread out and her ample cleavage virtually busting through the low cut V-neck shirt she was wearing as she arched her neck back in the midst of her praise. Adam couldn't help but notice.


Licking his lips, Adam, enjoyed the view. So did his manhood as his pants protested its rise. Adam was picturing his manhood wedged in that cleavage when he saw Gio smiling at him. "I guess this means you are done hunting and have a few hours to kill."

Adjusting herself on the chair, Gio could feel the wetness in her crotch as she was also overcome by sexual energy. The seductive smile she gives Adam after his comment was enhanced when above them they could hear a shrill come from Darcy's lungs as Richie obviously did something to her that must have been good. This made Gio laugh as she wondered if that was partially the reason why the room felt thick with sexual tension.

Flashing a smile, Gio glides her tongue across the upper half of her exposed teeth and answers. "That I do."

Veronica turns her head and virtually laughs in Joe's shoulder. "Gio is not shy. You should see the journals I have on her."

The brunette mortal woman could feel herself begin to flush as Gio's obvious diplay was not just getting Adam aroused.

Joe was definitely in the wrong place at the wrong time. Before the tension got his own desires lit he handed Veronica beeper back to her. "I think we need to get some breakfast."

Standing up and holding out his hand to Veronica. With that he tugs Veronica towards the door.

As they were walking out. "Please try to keep the furniture in one piece. I suggest the couch, it is used to being banged on."

Waiting for Joe and Veronica to leave the bar and lock the door, as if on cue, Gio smiles to Adam, uncrossing her legs and turning to face him. "Are you used to being banged on?" "Never used to it, always enjoy it when it happens...is it going to happen?" Adam moves towards the stage area.

Sitting on the side of the stage, licking his lips, another cry comes from above. This time its male. "So, do you scream too?"

Standing up from her chair, Gio saunters over towards Adam and aggressively takes it upon herself to sit on his lap. Grinding herself onto his bulge, causing him to moan, she can feel the heat, despite the fact that they were still fully clothes. "Only when I'm aroused enough."

"You will let me know when you've had enough now won't you?" Adam moves in and starts to lick her neck. Making circles towards her ample cleavage he starts to move his hands under her shirt.

Purring, Gio answers. "I can never get enough." She then caresses her fingers into Adam's dark hair, pressing his face a little further against her breasts.

All Adam could think of at that moment was getting his mouth around those lovely breasts. Removing Gio's shirt he first runs his tongue around one then the other. Gio's sudden intake of breath was all he needed to proceed to worship her left nipple. 

Arching her head back, Gio can feel Adam's mouth devour her as she presses herself tighter against him. That bulge in his pants was driving her wild with the idea of how well it would fit inside her aching tunnel. This was a pure turn on for her. She knew this would be a fun ride and was determined to milk it for everything it's worth.

Wrapping her legs tight around Adam's waist and her arms still around his head, Gio continued to gyrate her hips agains him. It was just a small sample of what she had in mind.

With Gio wrapped so tightly around him, it was easy to move her over to the floor. Laying her down on her back, he begins to nibble on her right nipple as he removes her pants. Once off he slides his fingers into her. She was wet and ready for him.

Another scream from the couple upstairs signalled Adam's movement of his fingers in and out of Gio. His tongue and fingers worked in a continuous rhythm with the moans coming from above.

Moaning and crying out, Gio responds to Adam as if it were his shaft already inside her. Grabbing his head, Gio bucks her hips forward as she pulls him further in. Her muscles clenched around his fingers and tongue nice and tight.

Adam suddenly stopped. Pulling his fingers out of Gio, he drops his pants. Grabbing her ankles and pulling them to his shoulders, he smiles at her wickedly. Again licking his lips he then licks her ankle moving his way down her leg he can see her clit presented to him throbbing in anticipation of his next action.

Opening her lips, Adam slowly moves his fingers around the base of her clit, careful not to touch with any kind of pressure. He next positions his cock just outside her vagina. Looking up at her face he asks? "Ready?"

Before she could answer he pulls up on the base of her clit while at the the same time plunging himself in her.

Each time he banged into Gio he pulled up on her clit.

The moans escaping from the blonde's lips turned into cries of lust as she takes her hands and clasps them onto the ass cheeks of Adam as he pumped into her. Her nails dug into the soft flesh, encouraging him to drive himself in that much harder, that much further.

As Adam pounded into her, Gio's breasts were bouncing freely, responding to his thrusts.

Grabing Gio's bouncing breasts, Adam pulls her the the edge of the bench giving himself better access to her. His fingers find her nipples and start to rotate them between his thumbs and fingers. Adam's rhythm increases as does the pressure on her nipples.

Thrusting her hips forward to meet his thrusts, Gio's cries began to rival the one of the woman upstairs.

Finding herself reach that climatic high, Gio cries out for Adam to go wild. Talking dirty to him, she boosts his ego by telling him how good he feels inside her.

Trying hard not to spill his seed, Adam bites down on Gio's nipple. At the same time he moves his hands under her butt and picks her up. Turning around he is now sitting on the bench with Gio impaled on his rod and his mouth holding her nipple still in his mouth. Letting go of the nipple Adam positions Gio on his thighs so that he can move her up and down on his shaft. "Scream for me baby...I want to watch you cum for me..."

On cue, Gio cries out. It was loud enough to make Darcy and Richie upstairs pause for a second. The two laughed as they realized that their morning rumba may have been the cause for another one taking place on the floor below them.

In mid cry, Gio felt herself explode again but did not stop. She rode up and down Adam's pole. Each time she had herself ground to the base, she'd swivel her hips to add to the pleasure. Bracing her hands on Adam's shoulders, she works to take in as much of Adam inside her as possible.

Adam loved to watch his partner's pleasure...in all his years this act was one of the ways that life was reaffirmed for him. There was only one other thing that made him feel truly alive and if Gio kept grinding into him he was going to pump his seed so far into her she would be able to spit it out.

"Again, cum for me again Gio...push me over..." Adam then buries his head in her breasts and sucks.

Panting heavily, Gio somehow managed to find a way to grind herself into Adam even further. Her inner muscles contracted around his shaft so tight that she made him cry out. Snapping her head back, she cries out as she hits yet another powerful orgasm.

He felt the muscles contract around him. No longer able to hold back he lets go...pumping his seed into this magnificant creature sitting on him. He continues to pump moving further and further over the edge into that full release he so loved.

Once he returned to earth, he laid back on the floor bringing Gio down with him. He brought her head to his and kissed her.

Just then they hear another scream from upstairs.

Breaking the kiss to laugh, Gio was determined not to be outdone by the noisy neighbors above. Besides, she was really enjoying herself with Adam and wasn't about to end their session here.

Still on top of him and still with his shaft inside her, Gio ground her hips again to see how long it would take to arouse him. With a wild look in her eye and that deadly smirk, she adds. "I'm not finished with you yet."

As Adam's rod hardens, "Well it seems I'm not finished with you either."

With Gio still on top, Adam smiles when he finishes the kiss. "I believe you had some further business to attend to?"

Smiling wide enough to show her teeth, Gio remains in position, arching her head and back. She caressed her hands along her own body, tantilizing Adam as she plays with her own breasts. She brought them together to show off the cleavage while at the same time she slowly began to grind her hips, getting the most feel out of the length that was growing and stiffening inside her, back to it's magnificent glory.

Adam watched the show Gio was performing and he continued to harden. Before this session was over he was going to have those breasts wrapped around his rod. But not yet, now he moved his hand to play with Gio's clit as she worked herself up again.

Moving her hands away from her breasts so that Adam could watch them bounce around freely, Gio arches even more and grips her fingers around his testicles as she continually bucks her hips forward, thrusting against him wild and hard. She loved it how each time she gave a gentle squeeze each time she thrusted forward. Her face resembled one of a seductive devil as she was determined to send Adam into depths of ecstasy that would make his head spin.

Adam was mesmorized by Gio's bouncing breasts. With each thrust she made, he wanted more. When she reached to squeeze his balls his nipples hardened. Unwilling to deprive himself of the view of her lovely breasts, Adam grabbed her hips to keep Gio from moving away.

Gasping, crying and moaning out loud, Gio squeezes Adam's testicles even harder as she begins to rock back and forth even harder. She finally let go when she began to bounce up and down on his shaft, always making a point to grind herself right to the base each time she slid back down.

Her walls were intensely tight and there were times where each time she lifted herself up, the grip was intense enough to make Adam cry out. It was as if she were determined to squeeze the very life out of his pole.

She reverted to playing with her breasts again, kneading the nipples between her fingers to keep them rock hard. Gio could tell Adam appreciated the view and wanted to give him the best show of his life.

Feeling he was going to let go again if Gio kept this up, Adam grabbed her breasts and stopped her in mid stroke. Sitting up, Adam switched places with Gio. Pulling out, Gio moaned as her love canal was emptied. Moving his rod to her breasts, Adam encircled it with them. Adam inserted his fingers into Gio and then to her breasts getting them wet. Pinching her nipples to keep them in place, he slowly rubbed his rod between them.

Gio's face is twisted and contorted with pleasure as she feels Adam's slick shaft ride witin her cleavage. Each time he pushed all the way, the tip would meet with her tongue and she'd lick the mushroom head before he pulled it away. She giggled as this became an erotic game for her.

To add to Adam's stimulation, Gio cupped his testicles in her hands and she began to tease him again, gently squeezing her fingertips into the sensitive flesh. She loved how she made him moan each time she did that.

Unable to decide he would let her do it. "Gio, when you've finished playing, just squeeze my nipples and I'll cum for you."

Smiling, Gio clutches onto the tip of his shaft with her lips tongue. Her eyes met with his, giving him a determined look that was undeniable. Once she had the tip, it wasn't enough, she raised her head, trying to take more of him inside her mouth. It was like a candy she wanted more of. She wanted all of him and was determined to have all of him.

Her movement was aggressive. Before Adam knew it, his entire length was inside Gio's mouth and he could feel the tip of his shaft reach the back of her throat.

Instead of squeezing his nipples, she squeezed his testicles that much harder.

Starting to pump into her mouth on it own, Adam was unable to keep from crying out. "Yes, Yes, oh Yes..." all the rest of his vocalization was lost on the young immortal as it was from a language long dead. Adam grabbed her head and pumped into it three more times and then released his seed. Bending down he kissed Gio, tasting himself on her. Moving to lay next to her he placed his hand over her breast. 

Looking at him, Gio places her hands on top of his as he caresses her breast. She arches slightly so that he could take more of the smooth flesh into his palm.

Looking at this amazing woman with a smile, Adam states. "You are amazing."

Smiling back, Gio responds. "That was just a warm up."