 The change from being co-workers to lovers happened quite suddenly. I had been harbouring lustful thoughts and desires since the first day we met. She was a couple of years younger than me, with an attractive face and an even more attractive body. Her breasts were well developed but not too large, she was slim, with a nice bum, and shapely legs.

She didn't flaunt herself: she usually wore jeans with a tee shirt and jumper. Unless it was warm, then a sleeveless v-neck top allowed me to see that her breasts would give a man a lot of pleasure should he be allowed to see her naked. I had, of course, built a mental image of her nakedness and I often masturbated whilst picturing us making love. Alas, only in my dreams!

We got on very well. She was always friendly and smiling, we would talk and joke, but the subject never strayed onto a sexual theme. I occasionally thought that a look or a smile that she gave me was hiding a more amorous meaning, but I am hopeless at reading situations like that.

The day it all changed was when we were alone in the office, our desks arranged side by side. I was working on the computer and she was typing and filing. She had been to the filing cabinet, and on her way back she stopped behind me and looked at my screen. She placed her hands on my shoulders and moved her head next to mine. Her hair was touching my ear and cheek and I could feel her warmth and smell her subtle perfume. 

"What are you working on today?" she asked, still looking at the screen.

"Oh, just checking those stocktaking figures for the month end." I answered.

As I spoke, my head turned automatically to her. In that split second, and without any thought of the consequences, I kissed her cheek, gently and long enough to show her that I meant to do it. As I moved away she turned her head to me and our lips were nearly touching, and our eyes met. There was no rejection, and our lips joined in a soft and warm kiss. The breath from our noses caressed against each others cheeks. She responded with a passion, and my hands went to her head and held her. Our lips and tongues began a wet and probing exploration of each other as we exchanged that first kiss, as if we had been held back and were now free to express our affection. 

Without breaking lip contact, I stood up and we moved together, now facing with our arms embracing each other, my hands freely exploring her back and bottom. Our kissing and fondling became more intense, our hips pushing against each other in that unmistakable sexual movement. Each physical thrust let me feel her mound pressed against my now strengthening erection as we lustfully ground against each other.

Still holding her to me with one hand on her lower back, my other hand moved to her front and found those two objects of my sexual desires, held in by the softness of her bra and tee shirt. I felt her nipples clearly pushing outwards as we hungrily tasted each other. Within the last two minutes my dreams had come true, I was actually caressing this beautiful woman's breasts...

Suddenly, she pulled herself away. She grasped my upper arms, looking into my eyes.

"This is wrong, we shouldn't be doing this. I... " she said, breathlessly.

I quickly put a finger on her lips, maintaining our eye contact. 

"Maybe we shouldn't be doing this, " I said, "but it's not wrong. I've wanted to do that for a long time now, and I think you did too. Do you want me to stop and go away?" 

"No, I don't want you to go," she replied, "but I'm all confused now. I don't think I was ready for that." 

I smiled, still looking into her eyes.

"Me too, " I gently said, "but it happened and I certainly don't want it to stop, and I don't think you do either. We were just one step from the point of no return there, weren't we?" 

She looked down and shyly nodded, then raised her head.

"You know I'm married and have a family. I'm not ready to give all that up. I can't... I don't want to. But when you kissed me, I wanted you to carry on... and I still do. I like being with you, and you make me feel wanted, but you must promise me that this is between just you and me." 

I put my arms around her and held her to me, leaning in to whisper in her ear.

"I promise that I will never, ever, talk about us. I would never do anything to hurt you." 

Again our lips met, I felt her body relax against me then she rested her head against my chest, both of us contemplating what we had just said.

My hands again wandered around her body, remembering all the times I had imagined doing this, but now my desire to move on was burning deeply. I took hold of the bottom of her tee shirt and slowly lifted it up. She accepted this and held her arms up to assist its easy removal. My hands moved to caress the curves of her breasts held by the silky white cups of her bra. I bent my head to kiss the velvet soft skin of the upper curves exposed above the material. My desires took over and I boldly reached behind her, undid the clasp, then slowly eased her bra forward to reveal my prize.

"Oh my darling, your breasts are beautiful." I gasped, as my eyes took in that wonderful sight. 

My gaze moved from her breasts to her eyes. She seemed a little embarrassed, but she smiled and took my head in her hands, guiding me down and holding my face against her soft and heaving flesh. My lips soon found the hard nipples amid the surrounding softness. I kissed, I licked, I suckled, gently kneading the soft flesh in my hands. I was overcome, dizzy with pleasure, here I was, exploring those two domes of pleasure being offered to me. Her eyes were closed and she let out short gasps and moans as she became more and more aroused while I worshipped and fed on her warm soft flesh.

The feeling pulsing through me now was simply one of a great need to hold her naked body against mine.

"I can't wait any longer," I gasped, "I want you now. Please... can we?" 

Without a word, she smiled her answer and began unbuttoning my shirt. I helped her remove it, then I released my belt and took my trousers and jockeys down in one movement, discarding them along with my shoes and socks. I was now naked with my cock standing fully erect before her. She kicked off her shoes and opened her belt and zip. Eagerly, I took over by slipping her jeans and panties down and off.

This left me kneeling in front of her with her naked hips, thighs and belly framing the picture of my other prize! Her trimmed, curly, pubic hair nearly hiding the lips of her womanhood. I buried my face into that soft hair, my nose and mouth taking in the feel and scent of her. As I nuzzled and kissed she gently pushed herself against my face. I stood up and we held each other, our naked bodies touching, her breasts resting warmly between us, my proud erection pressing against the softness of her belly.

My hands followed the arch of her back, from her shoulders down to her soft buttocks, then back up, and down again. She moved slightly away and took my hard shaft and testicles in her hands, gently squeezing and slowly masturbating my throbbing erection. Her face was a picture of joy, her smile was one of triumph, as she bent and kissed the purple head. Her lips opened and she took her prize into her mouth, then moved her head back and forth whilst her tongue rubbed against the sensitive skin making me shiver with pleasure. 

She seemed to know I wouldn't be able to stand much more of that, so she slowly released me and stood up, again we kissed passionately.

One of my hands moved to her pussy, and I rubbed my palm against her labia. She opened her legs slightly and my fingers followed the channel of her soft, warm lips, which easily opened to allow my middle finger to feel her wetness as it slid into her waiting entrance.

There was no need for more foreplay, we were both ready. I bent my legs and guided the head of my shaft to touch the lips of her waiting sheath. I felt that most erotic pleasure a man can ever experience as my cock slowly entered her. She moaned and shivered as I pushed in slowly, her warm, wet sheath enveloped me as she took my length into her. Her vaginal muscles held me inside her, she wasn't going to let me go easily now.

My hands took her buttocks and I lifted her up off the floor, instinctively she wrapped her legs around my waist, and her arms round my neck. I was now fully inside her, a great feeling of pleasure swept over me.

"Oh, that feels so good." I moaned.

"Mmmm." she murmured, as she buried her face in my chest. 

Needing to be more comfortable, I carried her to the desk and rested her bottom there.

"This won't take long, I'm afraid." I whispered.

"I know," she purred, "I'm almost there myself."

Slowly and gently we established our movements to gain the deepest erotic and physical enjoyment, as we simply fucked each other. The action of me almost withdrawing and then pushing my penis back deeply inside her hot, wet flesh, aroused us to an overwhelming passion of carnal lust. Our bodies banging against each other, grunting and gasping, as we built up to an unstoppable climax. All too soon, I could feel my body telling me there was no more time left. 

"Oh God , that's it!" I gasped.

Her muscles clamped around my penis. My hands held her hips, and as that final thrust ended deeply inside her, my shaft stiffened and uncontrollably pumped spurt after spurt of my semen into her. Our bodies convulsed, gasping for breath. She too was clenching, and I felt her hot juices surround me and then trickle out over my balls. As this physical action was happening our senses were overtaken by the erotic, electric, nerve-tingling rush of pure sexual pleasure. 

Slowly and surely our breathing eased and our senses returned. Still holding each other tightly, still held in by her clutching vagina, our minds began taking in what had just happened to us. We looked at each other and smiled, our eyes filling with a deep loving gaze and our warm lips met in a long, sensual kiss.

"That was beautiful. Thank you." I whispered against her cheek.

"Don't thank me, I think we both made that the most wonderful thing to happen in a long time. I'm glad we did it, and I know I want it to do it again soon..." 

A wicked smile filled her face, and her eyes sparkled.