 As I sat in the office waiting room, I could feel the receptionist's eyes on me. I absentmindedly reached down and straightened the hem of my short black skirt, making sure that the tops of my hose were covered. Picking up a magazine, I whiled away the minutes reading until the woman called my name. I casually strolled to his office, entered, and took the chair to the side of his desk. He looked up and smiled, such a lovely smile. The way his hair looked at that moment, the knot of his tie against his white shirt, his sport coat, so well tailored, took my breath.

I felt his eyes on my chest, noting how my breasts pressed against the fabric of the white blouse I was wearing. I pulled my jacket close, trying to cover my now quivering bosom. I knew he could see my black bra through the white fabric. The mere thought made me squishy between my thighs. I shifted, crossing my legs. The hem of my skirt rose, I knew that the frilly top of my stocking was exposed to his view. But the way he looked, the calm, friendly manner in which he spoke my name, kept me from covering it. Instead, I caught his eye, returned his intense stare, and smiled. My tongue slowly moved across my lower lip. 

He stood, the bulge in his trousers obvious. A man simply can't hide an erection like that. He moved from behind his desk, came over to my chair, his hands parting my jacket, finding my breasts, squeezing them oh so very softly. I reached out my hand, fingertips stroking his stiff cock through his pants, then moving to his zipper. My breath caught in my throat as his penis slipped out of the fly, the reddish head bulbous, shining, asking to be tasted. I slipped to my knees before him, my hand grasping the base of his cock. I ran the head across my cheek. Oh, so very hot. I had to have it, taste it, devour it. My lips fastened around the head. The taste of his precum was magnificent! 

He moaned, his hands grasping either side of my head, his fingers entwined in my red hair, pulling me down on his erection. My lips parted wider, my tongue felt the veiny shaft slide across it. I strained to take as much of it in as I could. I began to suckle, my saliva making it wet and slippery. His hands grasped tighter, moving my head, his hips began to thrust, he began to treat my mouth like a hot, wet, cavernous vagina. I sucked faster, my fingers playing with his balls, cupping them, squeezing them as my tongue moved over and then under the hot ridge of his cock head. 

His hands slipped under my arms, lifted me. He laid me back on his desk, papers flying. I spread my legs as he slipped my panties to the side. My pussy was sopping wet. I needed his cock inside me… then!!!! His hand guide his thick erection to my cunt lips. I felt his heat on them. I almost fainted from joy. Then, a thrust. OH GOD!!!!! OH, SO VERY WONDERFUL!!! "Fuck me! Fill me with that beautiful cock" I said, my eyes rolling back in my head. He began to thrust, to pump, driving deep, parting me wider, filling me all the way to my cervix. I felt my orgasm begin. I hooked my legs around his ass, pulled him in, held him there as I shook and shivered all over his long, hard shaft. He pumped once, twice, a third time as I cried out in ecstasy. Then, he pulled back, his cock coming out with a loud slurping sound. I lay back, still quivering from my orgasm.

He moved behind the desk, to my head, his cock above my lips. I opened my mouth as he slipped it in. My head slid to the edge of his desk, then off, hanging in the air, allowing his cock to go as deep into my throat as possible. He moaned, I felt his penis jerk. Once, and again. Then, the first wonderful taste of his semen hit the back of my throat. He slid out, running his cockhead across my lips as spurt after spurt of his hot, thick cum covered my lips, my nose, went up my nostril, on my eyebrow. Cum on me, cum on me, cum on me… my mind screamed it. His hand guided his beautiful shaft across my cheek as the last of his deliciousness oozed out onto my skin. I lay back, exhausted. My face covered, my legs spread. We both were sated.

I so enjoy lunch with my husband!