 "Okay, I'm back."

Kieran had just switched phones to one in a private office. It was after hours at his office 200 miles away from me. He worked as a network engineer and I was a college student. I had spent many hours having phone and cyber sex with him since I arrived at the college. Thankfully my grades hadn't faltered because of it. And besides, I missed him so much, it was hard for me not to hear from him for more than a day.

We had met two years earlier when I was living at home. Suburban life was pretty boring so I entertained myself in chat rooms often. Kieran IM'd me one day and we clicked immediately. I was smitten and I allowed him to call me. A few weeks later, we met in a hotel.

"Do you remember the first time we met in person?" I asked him.

"How could I forget? You were gorgeous. I don't know why you are so self conscious. If you weren't we would have had that orgy by now."

As we spoke on the phone I lay on my dorm room bed, naked and with one hand idly fondling my pussy. Since I met Kieran, I'd taken to spending as much time as I could naked. I had also taken to shaving my pussy lips. Eating my pussy was Kieran's favorite thing.

"Mmmmm," I moaned. 

"What are you doing?" Kieran asked. He knew what I was doing.

"I'm sliding my fingers across my slit. I'm getting wet thinking about my first time." I was a virgin when I met Kieran. "What are you doing?"

"Thinking about buy bigger pants," he replied. I laughed. Kieran had both sex appeal and an great sense of humor. If there hadn't been the 10 year age separation, we probably would have been married by now. 

"Maybe you should just not wear pants. Take them off. I'm already naked. This way it will be fair," I reasoned.

"It cant be fair. The cleaning lady could come in here any second and catch me naked, stroking my cock, listening to an incredibly hot young woman cumming over the phone," he explained. 

"I doubt she would mind. She'd probably like to help you out. You're irresistible, you know." Kieran was 5'9, 200lbs of sculpted muscle, with brown eyes, brown hair and a killer smile. 

"So what about our first meeting are you thinking about?" he asked.

"Your mouth pressed hard against mine, feeling that expert tongue taste me for the first time. Our bodies were pressed so close together I could feel your hard bulge against my mound. I remember wearing a short blue dress. I can still feel your hand running down my back and to my ass. I wasn't wearing any panties, just like you requested. I was already your slut. I unbuttoned your shirt, licking and kissing your smooth chest. You raised the dress over my head and threw it to the ground. I arched my back and offered my lace clad breast to your mouth. With my bra still on you kissed and nibbled on my nipples. With one quick motion you unclasped my bra and continued sucking and licking my breasts."

"Mmmm baby you are so hot. I miss you so much. I want to taste your sweet juices dripping from that shaved pussy of yours. Oh god, and your clit! I love sucking on that big clit."

"Oh yes, mmm. My clit is so swollen right now." My pussy was dripping with warm sweet juices. I brought my fingers to my mouth and sucked on them, letting Kieran hear how much I was enjoying it. "Do you want to hear my pussy?"

"Of course, my nasty little slut," he replied. With one hand I held the phone near my pussy. My other hand was busy sliding one, then two cum covered fingers in and out of my slippery hole. He could hear the wet, slurping sound of my finger fucking and the soft slapping of my palm against my hairless cunt. 

"Uhhhmm," he moaned. "Your pussy is so soft, so wet. I could eat you forever. You made me so fucking hot that night. It was amazing to have you stand above me with one foot up on a chair. As you ground your cunt agaisnt my lips covering my face in wetness, I couldn't help but stroke my cock. I could hardly contain myself."

Breathing heavily I replied, "Oh god yesss, that was so good. Oh god I can feel your tongue flicking at my clit, delving deep inside my cunt. Oh yes baby deeper. Tongue fuck me, yes, yes!"

"Licking your pussy, from your clit to your hole over and over again. Squeezing your ass, bringing you closer to me. Feeling your body writhe in my arms. Forcing you to take my assault as you stand. Cum on my face baby. I want to feel you hot juices flood my mouth."

"Ooooh yeaahhhh ooohhh FUCKK!!!" I screamed into the phone as I came. For a second I worried that my roommates were home and could hear me. But I was so far gone, I didn't care. 

"Don't stop rubbing your clit," Kieran demanded.

"Mmmm," I whined, "but it's so sensitive!"

"Don't stop. I want you to cum again. Get on your knees. Is your dildo nearby?"

"Yes," I said meekly. I knew what was coming.

"Suck on it." I did as I was told. I ran my tongue up and down the shaft, getting it nice and wet. It was cold and didn't taste very good so I quickly slipped it into my pussy covering it my cum. I opened my mouth wide and took the head of the life like seven inch dildo into my mouth and began to suck audibly.

"Yes, that's a good girl. Suck on that dick. It's my dick in your mouth now."

I moaned and sucked on the thick phallus. Grinding my clit against my hand, my pussy was leaking juices that ran down my thighs. I took the dildo deeper into my mouth and gagged a bit.

"Ohhhh fuck yes baby, gag on my dick. Deep throat it, bitch." I loved when he talked dirty to me. I slid the cock in and out of my mouth, slurping on it, making sure he could hear everything. 

"Mmmm yes baby. Are you ready? Imagine me now positioned behind you…kissing and caressing your ass." I waited anxiously. I could hear him stroking his dick.

"Feel my tongue drag across your cheeks, down your crack to your tight little bud. Mmm, fuck I love rimming your ass. I love the way it tightens around my tongue. Tonguing your asshole…mmmm yeeaaahhh thrusting my wet tongue into your hot ass."

I was on the edge of another orgasm. "Are you ready baby? Are you ready for my cock now?" he asked. "It doesn't matter. Spread your cheeks wide for my cock. Put the dildo against your ass. Do it baby, sit on it!," he commanded.

I cried out loudly as the thick wet dildo penetrated my tight ass. The head popped in and pain shot through my body. He knew I liked the endorphin rush. I paused for a moment trying to let my tight butt get used to the intruder. I pulled it out then lowered myself onto again, only this time I felt only pleasure. With the dildo propped straight up on the mattress I rode the dildo up and down as I slid my fingers into my slippery cunt. I could feel every contour of the dick through the thin wall separating my cunt from my ass.

I gasped and moaned. Feeling the big dick up my ass and hearing his heavy breaths and rock hard wet cock over the phone brought me over the edge. I came hard.

"OOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHH YESSS!!! UUUHHHHNNNNNNGGHH!!!!! I cried out. The force of my orgasmic contractions pushed the dildo out of my ass. My nipples were sticking straight out and every nerve of my body cried out. A half a moment later I heard him attempt to stifle his moans (he WAS still at work). I reveled in the mental picture of his cock erupting with thick hot streams of jizm shooting from the tip, coating his hand and arching through the air. I wanted to lick up every drop so badly.

My pussy was soaked. The juices had trickled down my ass and to the bed leaving a large wet spot on the bed. I put the phone down to my crotch and fingered my pussy deep and fast so he could hear the wonderfully squishy sound. I could hear him moan as an orgasmic aftershock rippled through his body.

I brought the phone back to my ear and tried to catch my breath. He silently listened to me cum down from that intense orgasm. 

"Thank you," Kieran whispered. "God, now I have to clean up and get out of here. Think I could get the cleaning lady to help me out?"