 Office Politics chapter 1 tells how ambitious Melisand has seduced virginal computer whiz Daniel to help her get out of her dead-end job. But first she has to deal with her boss, the lecherous Mr Jones. Before that, Daniel is coming to stay for the weekend ...

===

I managed to stay away from Mr Jones for the rest of the week. On Saturday Daniel arrived early. He stood around on the doorstep – too nervous to knock – until I saw him and let him in. I gave him a quick kiss and led him straight to the bedroom.

This time he was much more confident. He put his arms round me and kissed me deeply. His hands moved slowly down from my back to my buttocks. He gently pushed me towards the bed before reaching up and undoing the waistband of my jeans. He unzipped me and started to stroke my pussy through my panties. I had been holding his waist, but I slowly unbuttoned his shirt and slipped it off. I then unbuttoned my own shirt and took that off – I was not wearing a bra.

He waited until I was naked to the waist and then pushed me onto the bed. He took my jeans and panties off before joining me on the bed. He kissed my tits, teasing my nipples with his tongue, and pushed his finger into my pussy. He took off his own jeans and underpants and pushed them away.

Then he went down on his knees and started licking my clit. I thought it was so sweet of him and I wondered where he had found out about cunnilingus. He was not very good at it – his tongue moved too fast and he kept licking the slit rather than the clit – but it was starting to get me in the mood. My breathing got faster and he must have decided I was close to cumming, as he got up and put his prick in my pussy. His control was much better this time and he slammed into me for a couple of minutes before cumming. I had to fake my orgasm again, but I had enjoyed our fuck and I did not feel frustrated this time. Anyway, there was still a lot of the day left!

We had a quick shower and sat down to lunch. I have always believed that seafood has aphrodisiac properties so it was clam chowder. While we were eating, I told him what I wanted to buy.

"All that!" he said, "It will cost a fortune. Let me make some calls."

He spent about half-an-hour on the telephone and then we climbed in my car. The next couple of hours seemed to be a tour of industrial estates and private houses covering half of the city. But by the time we were finished we had bought a computer system for less than half of what it would have cost in a shop.

As a thank you, I took him to a couple of clothes shops I know. He was not very keen on this at first, but seeing himself in some cool gear and having an admiring audience – me – soon overcame his objections. He insisted on paying for most of the stuff pointing out, quite rightly, that I had already spent a lot of money.

We got back to my flat about 5:00. If he was expecting more sex he was disappointed and we set the computer up and installed the software. Daniel wanted to do it all himself but I insisted on staying with him, watching what he was doing and helping where I could.

It was almost 7:00 by the time we had finally finished. I decided Daniel deserved a reward, so I unzipped his fly and took his prick into my mouth. He was not expecting this and it was only when I started sucking that he began to get hard. He unbuttoned my shirt and started to tweak my nipples. I took off my jeans and panties and turned my body to bring my pussy close to him. He eventually got the idea, lay on the floor and started to lick my pussy.

I enjoy 69. There is a sharing that other forms of sex do not offer. I could match how hard I sucked and licked him to our level of excitement. I could slow down his climax to make him prolong my pleasure. However, there are limits to how much control even I can have and eventually I knew I could no longer stop him from cumming. I took his prick out of my mouth and finished him with my hand, letting him cum across my tits.

Then I cleaned myself up and went to get dinner. This was a casserole that had been gently cooking all afternoon, leaving me free to watch Daniel set up the computer. Aside from putting a robe on, I did not bother to get dressed. Daniel tried to put his clothes on but I stopped him, although I eventually agreed to allow him to wear his new boxer shorts.

After eating I led him back to the computer and we went on the Internet using Daniel's dial up account. First, he showed me all the technical sites I would need to help me to understand the technology and we bookmarked them. Then we started looking at other sites starting with Literotica.

We were soon taking turns to read stories out loud to each other. Daniel liked Sci Fi and Non-Human best, while I liked Exhibitionist and Voyeur (but you might have guessed that!). As we read, we started to play with each other and then to act out some of the stories.

I disconnected the computer and led Daniel firmly into the bedroom. We played with each other and made gentle love for a couple of hours before we finally drifted off to sleep in each other's arms.

I woke when the early morning sun started to stream through the window. I disengaged myself from Daniel – gently, so as not to wake him – and jumped into the shower for a couple of minutes. I dried myself and went back to the bedroom ...

Where I started to softly lick Daniel's balls and shaft. He started to get hard, even though he was still asleep, and I took the head of his prick into my mouth. I had started fingering my clit even while I was in the shower, so I was getting very horny. Daniel started to moan in his sleep, echoing my own soft moans as I finger fucked myself towards orgasm. He woke up and I started to suck him and stroke myself harder. It was only a few seconds before he came into my mouth – this time I swallowed his cum without a qualm – and I came with a great shudder.

"What a wonderful way to wake up" he said with a grin "it beats an alarm clock any day." 

I grinned back at him and licked my lips theatrically. "Fancy washing my back?" I asked.

We shared the shower. It was a romantic rather than a sexual experience – although obviously anything that involves me sharing a shower with a naked man has a certain sexual element. We soaped each other, giggling a bit when we got below the waist, and dried each other off. We did not bother to get dressed and Daniel was quite comfortable being naked in my presence.

After breakfast – orange juice and toast – we returned to the computer. I made him take me through spreadsheets and charting packages, and show me how to get access to the various tutorials and exercises. I had used some of these when I was at college, and I soon started to get quite expert.

Suddenly I noticed that it was 10:40. I stood up and told Daniel to get dressed. I helped him look through the clothes we had bought to choose something smart to meet my Mum and Dad.

My parents are very good at respecting my privacy, but there is one absolute household rule. Sunday brunch is at 11:00, and if I happen to have anyone with me they come along as well. The sofa in my flat converts into a bed and my Mum and Dad are very good at pretending they believe that is where my men friends sleep.

Daniel was not keen on going to see my parents. Maybe he thought it was a trick to trap him into a shotgun wedding. I put my foot down. "It is a house rule, you are a guest and we are going." I said. "It will be fun. They will not ask you about our relationship and they will not expect you to say anything about it."

My parents and I operate a 'don't ask, don't tell' policy towards my sex life. They know I am no longer a virgin but they do not know – and do not want to know – who my lovers are or how many I have had. I went through a short period of keeping a running total in my diary of the number of my lovers but I stopped because I was afraid my Mum would see it – this was before I moved into my flat – and because the numbers were getting larger than I liked.

Brunch is laid out on an old fashioned sideboard. Hotplates hold scrambled egg, hash browns, sausages etc. and there are plates of cold meat. Dad and Daniel were soon deep in conversation about Mervyn Peake's Gormenghast trilogy. After an hour or so I kissed my Mum and Dad goodbye and went back to my flat with Daniel.

We got inside. "I want another sausage." I said, pushing my hand down the front of his trousers. He reached up and slipped the shoulder straps of my dress off. My dress slid down as far as my waist, although it could not go any further while I kept my hand on his prick. He reached behind my back and undid my bra. I used my free hand to undo his trousers.

I let his prick go for long enough to let my dress fall to the floor and to take my panties off. He pulled his shirt off over his head while I took down his boxer shorts. I grabbed him by his prick and led him – carefully – over to the armchair.

I pushed him down into the chair and dropped to my knees in front of him. Instead of taking his prick into my mouth, I started gently kissing, licking and stroking it. As he got more excited I took my tongue and fingers away for a few minutes. I kept teasing him in this way and he stayed hard without cumming for an hour. I had been stroking my clit to keep myself horny, so my pussy was soaking. After an hour I took mercy on him. I stood up and lowered myself onto his erect prick. There was not much room to move in the chair so I tightened and loosened the muscles of my pussy until we both came. I had timed things just right and this was the first time I had a real orgasm while Daniel was inside me.

"What did you do that for," he asked, when he finally got his breath back.

"You need to learn control," I said, kissing him to show I was not being unkind. "If you can control yourself better you can make love for longer, which gives more pleasure to both of us. Now you wait here for a moment."

I ran a bath for Daniel. I soaped him very carefully and thoroughly before joining him in the water. His toes played with my pussy while my feet played with his prick. We stayed in the bath until the water started to get uncomfortably cold. I spread three thick towels on the bathroom floor before getting out and lying down with my legs spread wide open.

Daniel was quick to take the hint and got out of the bath to join me on the towels. He knelt down beside me and started to stroke my slit and push his fingers in and out of my pussy. I smiled at him to show my approval. After about five minutes of this he climbed on top and put his prick into me. My lesson on patience may have worked – or maybe it was just because he had cum so often over the weekend – but he slowed down. I bucked my hips and gasped as I came closer to my climax. Finally I came as he shot into me.

We used to towels to dry ourselves off and clean ourselves up. I put on a pair of cami-knickers – very lacy, very French, very revealing – and a short crop top that only covered the top half of my nipples. Daniel put on his boxer shorts and we went back to the computer.

I still have fond memories of that afternoon. Daniel would show me something clever on the computer. Then I would show Daniel something pornographic on the Internet. Then we would make love for a while.

This was companionable, friendly sex. Neither of us had an orgasm that afternoon. Mostly we would read or see something on the Internet and then decide to try it out. After a time we decided to write a 'pillow book'. We took pictures of sexual positions from the Internet and scored them depending on whether they were anatomically possible (not all of them were), how comfortable they were and how much pleasure they gave. We gave them star ratings from one star (never) to five stars (definitely worth a try).

I really enjoyed writing our pillow book. I learned a lot about editing text and pictures, about capturing stills from video footage and about enhancing images. I even learned a few sexual positions that I had not previously known about.

Then we broke for dinner – meat fondue followed by chocolate fondue. We behaved very well until dessert. I suppose I started by rubbing my tongue over a strawberry in what can only be described as an erotic way. Daniel picked up on the theme by obscenely licking the inside of a peach.

Things really started to happen when I took my crop top off and smeared chocolate over my nipples. Daniel peeled a banana as he walked round the table. He pushed the banana between my breasts as if he was titty fucking me and took turns at licking my nipples and biting his banana. I took down his boxer shorts and anointed his prick with chocolate. Taking a strawberry from the bowl, I rubbed it up his prick and rolled it between my lips before biting it. Then I dropped to my knees to lick the rest of the chocolate off of him.

I sucked him until he was hard. Holding me down on my knees, he went behind me, slipped my cami-knickers down to my knees and knelt down behind me. He slipped his hand between my legs, putting his thumb in my pussy while massaging my clit with his forefinger. He took away his hand and teasingly probed my asshole with his finger. Then he put his prick in my pussy and started to thrust into me.

I reached between my legs and massaged my clit as he pounded me. My nipples were touching the floor and its cold hardness made them stand. He gasped as he came off but left his gradually-subsiding erection in my pussy. I continued to rub myself until I climaxed. The final tightening of my pussy muscles drained his last drops of cum.

I looked at the clock and then turned to him. "And that, I think, leaves you just enough time for a quick shower before you have to get home."

I packed for him while he was in the shower. "Thank you for a lovely weekend," he said before kissing me goodbye.

On Monday morning Mrs Ellis, the office supervisor, took me to see Amanda. She was one of the departmental secretaries in Marketing Department. I was a bit disappointed because I had thought that I would be working directly for one of the managers.

The departmental manager, Mr Edwards, came out of his office and started talking to Mrs Ellis. In his mid-40s, he obviously kept himself fit and had a slight touch of grey hair at the temples. He wore a very smart suit and smelt of expensive soap. I thought he was pretty good looking. 

"This is Melisand," said Mrs Ellis, "she will be helping me to work on your report."

He looked slightly surprised. "The Friday report?" he asked. Mrs Ellis nodded. He turned to me "How long have you been at the bank?" he asked.

"About a month," I said, "but I used to produce reports like this at college". This was a complete lie.

He looked a bit sceptical. "Well, if Mrs Ellis is sure …". He left the sentence hanging. Then he scribbled a number down on a scrap of paper. "Mike will help you. He knows what we need. Any trouble, just give him a ring."

Mrs Ellis told me about Mike on the way back to the office. "Mike is a graduate trainee, working as one of John's executive assistants. He is frighteningly clever. He is a nice boy – I am sure you two will get on." There was a definite twinkle in Mrs Ellis's eyes as she said this and I started to look forward to meeting Mike.

We got back to Mrs Ellis's desk and I put down the papers Amanda had given us. "How do you want to split it?" asked Mrs Ellis. I said that I was quite happy to do the whole report. Mrs Ellis looked surprised. "Well if you are sure," she said "I will take you off other work and see how you get on. I will check on how you are doing on Wednesday morning."

Mr Jones was making a real nuisance of himself. Luckily he and Mrs Ellis had a meeting in the afternoon and I was able to make some arrangements while the other girls were taking a coffee break. I put my date with Daniel off until the next day.

I found working on the report much more interesting than my usual work. For the first time I was able to get an understanding of what the bank was trying to achieve. Most of it was quite straightforward but I was glad of Daniel's coaching in a couple of places.

I stayed behind late, saying I wanted to work on the report. All the other girls were gone by 5:15. Mrs Ellis got up to leave about 5:45 and asked me if I wanted to leave it until tomorrow. She had a worried look in her eyes, but I told her I would be OK and I wanted to do a bit more work. That left me alone with Mr Jones in the office.

It always got hot in the office in the afternoon, and I had already undone the top two buttons of my blouse. I played with the third button to loosen it in the buttonhole, so that it would come undone when I stretched. I saved my work and yawned, popping the button open.

Mr Jones's eyes had been on my blouse for most of the afternoon. Suddenly he was standing beside my desk with his hands on my tits. I was wearing my platform bra again and he lifted my tits out and started massaging my nipples. I stood up and backed away until I was standing with my desk pressing against my thighs. He followed and started to rub himself against me.

I pushed him back slightly and dropped to my knees in front of him. I opened his zip and took out his prick. I slipped a flavoured condom over his shaft – unprotected sex with Daniel was one thing but I did not know where Mr Jones had been – before taking him in my mouth for a couple of minutes.

Then I stood up again and leant back against the desk, opening my legs slightly as I did so. He pushed me down onto the desk and spread my legs apart. Pushing my thong to one side, he put his prick inside my pussy.

I think that all men who work in offices have a fantasy about having a secretary across a desk. It seems to touch a basic part of the male libido. Mr Jones fondled my tits as he pounded into me.

At a physical level, I found it quite enjoyable. He was a better lover than Daniel had been before my sex lessons and, even when raping me, his thrusts were rhythmic and deep. Or was it rape – after all, I had set the whole thing up? Even mentally, I did not find it too distasteful. After all, I had made him wear a condom and one willy in a welly feels very much like another. I could always close my eyes and think of Daniel.

He slammed into me for about five minutes before he came. I waited until he was finished before pushing him away and standing up. I put on my tearful face. "Oh Mr Jones, what did you do that for? What have I done for you to treat me so badly?"

He seemed a bit confused by my reaction – I don't know whether he was expecting me to thank him. He asked if I was alright and begged me not to tell Mrs Ellis. He did not seem worried about my reporting him to the bank or to the police – perhaps we thought no-one would believe me. He did offer to give me a lift home, which I refused.

I walked home. The first thing I did when I got to my flat was to take a long, hot bath. I could not soak myself for too long, though, as I had a busy evening ahead.

One job was to sort out the pivot tables for the report. I had a good idea of what was needed but I wanted to make sure that I really understood them so there would be no mistakes in my work. I also had little another job to do. It was well after midnight before I got to bed.

In spite of that I got in to work early the next morning. Only Mr Jones and Mrs Ellis were there. Mr Jones looked a bit apprehensive. I waited until Mrs Ellis went to the post room before walking over to Mr Jones and handing him a CD. "I think you should see this." I said. I put the CD into his computer and started playing the .mpg file.

As he watched, the colour drained out of his face. He was looking at carefully edited highlights of the previous night. I had left the blowjob out of it, but apart from that it covered the whole episode from the moment he grabbed my tits. I had used a touch of poetic licence at the end and had used video editing software to add faint tear tracks to my face. To anyone watching it, it would be obvious that Mr Jones had raped me.
