 Three months on the job and Tatianna was finally feeling like she was getting the respect in the office that she and, frankly, her title deserved. As the architectural firm's newest Vice President of Operations she really only answered to one person above her, Ian, the firm's President and leading architect. She had always had these problems. She knew that among the male employees she was seen as a sex object and among the female employees there was envious resentment. Standing 5'-9" in her bare feet, with long legs that ended in an exceptionally shapely and fuller than average derriere, a slim waist and 34-C natural breasts, her body was amazing. Her wavy sandy blonde hair and brown eyes were tantalizing and her full lips a distraction to almost everyone. And, yes, she dressed to highlight her assets, why shouldn't she? Five-inch strappy heels, mid-thigh length skirts and tops that allowed a little view of her cleavage were what she wanted to wear. 

As she sat at her desk in the corner office immediately adjacent to Ian's, she looked at her long legs stretched out in front of her and felt proud of how sexy she looked. Then her phone buzzed. She glanced at the screen to see that it was Ian paging her from his office. She sat up straighter and picked up the phone.

"This is Tatianna," she answered.

"If you're not too busy right now I was wondering if you could step into my office for a moment?" Ian asked.

"No problem, I'll come right in," she answered.

"Thanks," he replied.

She hung up the phone, walked out of her office to Ian's and knocked lightly on his closed door.

"Come," he acknowledged.

She opened the door and walked into his office. He had the blinds nearly closed as it was early afternoon and the sun was powerful coming in this side of the building. She noticed he had the drapes covering the windows to the rest of the office pulled closed. Most of the light in the room was coming from the banker's lamp on Ian's desk.

Ian was standing up at his trophy cabinet, his hands behind his back. Tatianna caught herself staring at him, as usual. She had admired his looks since the day she came for her first interview. At 6'-4" tall and a strong physique not bursting with muscles like a gym addict, but just toned and fit, he was exactly the type of man that turned Tatianna on. She remembered seeing him that day jogging in the park, shorts showing his tuned legs and tank top not hiding his fit chest and arms. Standing there now she admired how his grey slacks hung perfectly from his tight ass. He turned and smiled as she closed the door behind her.

"How's your day?" he asked her crossing the room to meet her halfway.

"Pretty good actually," she answered. "It's been a long week but I've got everything done from this week's schedule and everything for next week set up and ready for Monday."

"Excellent," he lauded her. "You are amazing. I knew I was making the right decision when I hired you." They both laughed comfortably.

He loved it when she laughed. He loved watching her beautiful mouth and seeing her bosom shake slightly when she laughed. He had hired her because she truly was the best of the best for the job. But he also knew that if someone else had been her equal professionally, he would had chosen her because she was the most beautiful woman he knew. And for three long months he had been trying to figure out a way to let her know exactly how attracted to her he was. He had made up his mind last night that today he would tell her and that was why he had called her into his office.

"In fact, I want to talk to you about how amazing you are, to me," Ian said, stopping to keep about six feet distance between them.

"Okay," Tatianna said. She wasn't sure where this was headed. A raise? She wouldn't mind a raise. But what she wished he was going to tell her was that he wanted to bend her over his desk and fuck her brains out. She couldn't believe she just thought that! But it was true. Unfortunately, she doubted that was what Ian had in mind.

"This is not easy for me, because I do not want to lose you as an employee," he began.

Oh no, she thought. I've done something wrong! He is demoting me or something else horrible! She said nothing, just bit her lower lip.

Ian saw that and it turned him on. He felt his manhood rising in his boxers.

"The truth is," he started, looking away from her, "I am attracted to you. Very attracted to you. And I would like to know if you feel anything toward me or if my feelings are going to be a problem." He had turned his back to her as he talked, feeling embarrassed to be talking about this.

Tatianna stood still during the first part of what he was saying. Then when he said he was attracted to her she started involuntarily walking toward him. By the time he finished talking she was standing directly behind him. She reached around Ian and put one hand on his chest, pulled her body against his back and then slipped her other hand down to the front of his trousers, touching his stiffening cock as it pressed out against his pants.

"I have wanted you since the first day we met," she confessed.

Ian's body responded before his mouth could. His penis hardening. Tatianna felt it. She needed to touch it. She unzipped his trousers and reached in, pushing through the fly in his pants and then his boxers until she felt his shaft.

"I hope this way of answering you isn't going to be a problem," she asked as she put her hand around his cock.

"Not at all, " Ian replied. He turned around slowly and she kept her grip on his penis as he did. When he was facing her he looked down into her brown eyes. "As long as it doesn't bother you that I'm going to fuck you right here in my office."

Taitanna moaned to respond. Then she knelt down in front of him and tugged until his stiff cock popped out of his fly right in her face. It was perfect to her. Around seven inches, the shaft very hard but the head soft as she slid it between her lips and didn't stop until it touched the back of her throat. She clamped her mouth down around it and slipped her tongue underneath. She began slowly bobbing her head forward and back, stroking his dick with her mouth and tongue. His dick felt warm in her mouth and she started imagining him cumming in her mouth so she could taste him.

Ian was entranced. Looking down he saw the most beautiful woman he'd ever seen, knelt before him, making his cock disappear into her perfect red lips. He felt her tongue as it played along the bottom of his shaft and then as she bobbed her head and slid his dick almost out of her mouth she would circle his dick head with her tongue.

"That feels so good," he told her.

She slid his cock out of her mouth and said, "Grab my hair and pump your cock into my throat, Ian. Fuck my face, please." She placed his head between her lips. Ian grabbed a handful of her hair and thrust his cock into her mouth. She sucked it as it jammed in her mouth and touched her throat. He pulled it back and then pumped it in again, starting a rhythm. She gagged a little as he fucked her throat with his throbbing cock head. She loved it.

Ian knew he wanted more so he pulled out of Tatianna's mouth and pulled her to her feet. He starting unbuttoning her shirt and she his. She pulled his shirt back just as he got her down to her thin lacy bra. He roughly lifted her bra up exposing her hard nipples. He pulled her to him, she felt her nipples against his chest hair as he grasped the back of her head, bent down to her and kissed her passionately. Tatianna reached down between them and stroked his dick, moist from her saliva. Ian reached behind her and unclasped her bra. She pushed out of his grasp and removed her shirt and bra, tossing them onto the floor. She stood there in her short skirt and high heels, breasts bare and nipples so hard she thought they would burst.

She watched as Ian removed his shirt. Then his belt. Then kicked off his shoes and took off his socks. Then he unbuttoned his slacks and they fell to the floor. Tatianna rushed over and yanked his boxers down, his hard cock springing back up as she got them down. "Fuck me, Ian!" she said forcefully.

Ian picked her up against his chest, turned and carried her over to his desk. He put her feet back on the ground then reached around behind her, encircling her with his arms. She felt his hands reach up under her skirt and then his large hands each grasped one of Tatianna's full ass cheeks, squeezing them and pulling her body to his.

She groaned as he began kissing her passionately again, his tongue finding hers as their lips massaged the others'.

Ian felt her beautiful ass and then moved his hands until he found the spot on her thong panties where the thong met the waistband and he grabbed the waistband with one hand and the thong with the other. In a sudden and violent motion he ripped them apart causing Tatianna to gasp. Ian pulled away from her and took her panties with him, throwing them aside.

"Yes," she said to him with a catch in her breath, answering his unvoiced question that the look in his eyes was communicating. He wanted her BADLY and she could see it.

"Be warned," he said, "I may not be able to control myself."

"Don't," she said.

With that Ian spun Tatianna around, pushed her back gently but urgently causing her to bend at the waist over the front of his desk. She felt him grab her ass and she arched her back, jacking her ass up to give him the access he needed and she wanted. The next thing she felt was his hard cock penetrating her wet cunt lips and him not stopping driving it in her until she felt his balls slap against her hard clit.

"Oh, Ian!" she screamed. "Pound it in me, please!"

Ian didn't need to be asked twice. He began a quick rhythm of pulling almost all the way out and then ramming it back in with force. Tatianna was responding by rocking back onto him as he fucked her deeply. Ian drove her like that for dozens and dozens of thrusts. He felt her cunt spasming in response. He knew what he wanted now.

Slipping out of her he grabbed her hair and pulled her to a standing position again, turned her around, reached under her ass with both hands and lifted her off the floor, bringing her down to sit on the edge of his desk. Then without hesitation he stepped forward drove his hard rod into Tatianna's waiting, wet pussy. She gasped again and then rested back onto her elbows.

"I want to watch you going in and out of my body," she told him with a nasty little grin. "I want to see your cock, no, MY cock disappear inside of me."

Ian grinned and gave her what she said she wanted, disappearing his, no, her cock into Tatianna's tight, wet pussy. He bent forward, over her and grabbed one of her big, hard nipples between his teeth, biting down hard and then pulling back up, tugging her nipple away from her breast. She groaned and then squealed.

"Oh my god, Ian, that hurts!" she blurted and then before he could stop she added, "Please don't stop, oh my god, please don't stop!"

Ian pumped his hips and began fucking her faster with his hard cock, burying himself inside of her with each stroke, slamming his pelvis against her stiff clit and making her body react each time.

"Unff..." she grunted. "Drive me! Drill me! FUCK ME!"

Ian kept himself up with one hand but moved his right hand over to rest his palm on her mound just above her pussy. Then he slid his thumb down and over her hard clit, sloppy with her honey. He pressed down on her clit and began rubbing it quickly and earnestly with the side of his thumb, pressing down on her mound as he did so. All the while continuing to fuck his stiff rod in and out of her wet but tight pussy and tugging away at her hard nipple clenched between his teeth.

"OH MY GOD! OH MY GOD!," Tatianna screamed, not caring if or who might hear her outside the office. "My stud! My baby! Oh, please just rape me!"

Ian felt his balls tightening just as Tatianna experienced her first orgasm. He felt the muscles in her pussy tighten around his shaft. Her body convulsed. She moaned deeply and tilted her head back as the waves of orgasm swept across her. Her nipples throbbing, her cunt tightening, her mind reeling. She grunted and moaned and he never stopped drilling her while she came.

Just as she was coming down from that first orgasm she felt Ian throbbing and knew he was close. But he pulled out of her and didn't cum. Instead he backed away from the desk to stand a couple of feet away. Tatianna look at him through her spread legs, her heels up on the edge of the desk. She saw the work he had done to her cunt, saw how wet and shiny it was, how deep red her lips were as they had become engorged with blood during the fucking. He was standing there, grinning and admiring his work, slowly stroking his own beautiful cock, it too shiny with her cunt honey. She reached down and slowly rubbed her clit and they smiled at each other watching each other masturbate for a moment.

Ian stopped smiling and took a serious look on his face. Tatianna saw that his cock was fully hard. He looked in her eyes and asked, "Mouth, cunt or tight little asshole?"

Tatianna looked back questioningly as she rubbed herself a little faster realizing what he was asking.

"Where do you want me to cum?" he clarified. "Do you want me to release my load in your hungry mouth as I pump your face?"

"Mmmm..." she replied, rubbing her clit.

"Or do you want me to bend you over the arm of that couch, drip my saliva down between your perfect round ass cheeks and fuck your tiny virgin asshole with my rock hard cock until I spew inside of you?" Ian asked.

"Oh my god, Ian," Tatianna gasped. "I've never had a cock in my little anus!"

"Or would you like for me to push YOUR hard cock up inside your sexy cunt that you're sitting there touching and unload my hot cum up inside of MY perfect fuckhole!"

Tatianna almost came when he said that and she had made up her mind which she wanted.

Tatianna stopped rubbing herself, looked into his hungry eyes and said, "Bring me MY cock and you choose, baby."

Ian walked over, held his hand out to Tatianna. She smiled and took it. He pulled her to her feet and led her to his couch. Standing at one end of the couch, Ian pulled both of her wrists together behind her and with his large hand, he held them there behind her. With his other he cupped the back of her head and brought her mouth to his, slowly and deliberately kissing her. Tatianna moaned into his mouth. Breaking away, Ian raised an eyebrow at her and grinned.

"Today we begin your training for a new skill," he said.

"Mmmm, yes sir," she cooed. "Teach me."

Ian slowly spun her around and gently bent her over the arm of the couch. Tatianna's pulse quickened as she begin thinking about what she might expect next. She had never had anal sex, though she had toyed with it herself while masturbating and the thought of penetration appealed to her. She was still a little trepidatious about whether or not she could comfortably take Ian's swollen and hard dick in her virgin arse. It excited her and made her a little nervous.

Ian sensed her angst. "Relax," he said reassuringly. "We cannot expect you to take on the full responsibility on your first day, now can we?"

She smiled and answered by arching her back to present her pussy and ass to him. Showing him her trust. Ian released her wrists and she steadied herself on the couch in front of her. She felt something warm and wet drip onto her anus. She twitched and then to show Ian she was good to go, she begin slowly gyrating her hips in small movements, inviting him. She felt more warm moisture splash on her anus opening.

Ian allowed a bit more saliva to drip down. Then he slowly began rubbing the outside of her anus with his thumb. Tatianna moaned. Ian stepped closer and placed the head of his fully erect cock just inside the swollen moist lips of Tatianna's pussy.

Tatianna felt Ian rubbing her arsehole and she couldn't believe how good it felt and how hot it made her. Then she felt the warmth of his dickhead touch between her pussy lips. It was all she could do not to buck backward and force him deep into her. But she wanted to let him have her. So she waited.

She felt Ian begin slightly dipping the end of his thumb into her arsehole while he rubbed it. She tried to start relaxing it when she sensed his finger tip. He slowly began pressing it in deeper. And deeper. She begin feeling so aroused that she thought she may cum. Her moaning became more pronounced. Her breathing racing. She felt more of Ian's saliva strike her opening and then she felt his thumb drive deep into her. At the same time she felt his cock push deep into her pussy. She gasped with pleasure.

Ian pushed his thumb all of the way into Tatianna's sexy ass and buried his hard throbbing cock inside of her wet pussy at the same time. He nearly came from the feeling and the sight. He started slowly pumping his thumb and cock at the same time, in the same rhythm.

"Oh my god!" Tatianna moaned in a breathy voice. "I am going to cum!" And with that she began an orgasm that strained every muscle in her fit body and caused her to hold her breath.

Ian continued fucking her pussy and her bottom as she came. He fought off his own orgasm until he felt her exhale and he knew she had cum. He stopped drive her arsehole, just leaving his thumb buried in her. He held the side of her ass with his other hand and started a fast, deep cadence, fucking Tatianna's pussy.

Tatianna was still feeling the aftershocks of her orgasm when she felt Ian begin driving her in earnest. She felt another orgasm of her own building and knew she did not want Ian to stop until he came. And she knew exactly where she wanted to feel his hot explosion.

"Ian, don't you dare stop!" she nearly screamed. "Cum inside of me, Ian. Cum in your pussy!"

Ian heard those words and feeling Tatianna's pussy clenching his dick as she came again, he let go, cumming and pumping her as he did.

Tatianna felt his release. Felt the heat. Heard him groaning in pleasure and all of it heightened her orgasm. They came together and she thought neither were going to stop.

Finally, spent, Ian pulled out, reached down and wrapped his arm around Tatianna, pulled her to her feet and then tucked an arm under her bottom, lifted her and walked over to the side of the couch. He laid her down gently on the couch and knelt down beside her. He looked into her eyes and slowly caressed her face.

"That is the greatest job perk I've ever been given," Tatianna said, grinning.

"Wait until you see your bonus package," Ian said, winking.