 After the events of the Christmas party, I expected things to be a bit awkward between Sophie and I but when I returned to work the next week, we were strangely comfortable around each other. We didn't speak about it but neither of us were embarrassed and she didn't seem to regret it or anything. We exchanged some knowing looks and cheeky smiles, and I was certain that I caught her checking me out a few times. 

I didn't want to be too cocky so I told myself it was all in my head. That was until the Tuesday morning when we had an unscheduled meeting. Several of us had gathered around John's computer in his relatively small office so he could show us an issue that he had found and, as I'm tall, I stood at the back with Sophie stood in front of me. 

As John was talking away, I thought I felt Sophie move her hips back ever so slightly, pressing her arse against me. I didn't think anything of it until she bent over slightly, pretending like she was trying to see the screen better, and pressed her hips back, grinding hard into me. There was no question that she was definitely doing this on purpose so I pushed back, gently so as not to draw attention to us. 

Looking back, it was a stupid thing to do in a room full of people and I could feel my dick getting stiffer. It was pressed against Sophie's sexy arse so she felt it too. As she straightened back up, she slowly reached one hand back behind her and pushed it against me, grabbing my cock through my trousers. I could feel that I was getting too hard to hide so I took a step backwards, forcing her to let go. As the discussion reached a conclusion and we began to file out of John's office, she turned and caught my eye, flashing me a cheeky smile. 

Later that day, we both had a meeting with our line manager about an upcoming project and, as he often did, he basically said we could decide amongst ourselves who would manage it. It was a big project that was going to take at least 8 weeks to manage and neither of us really had time for it but we knew it had to be done. 

We went to get a coffee while we discussed it and found the break room empty. 

As I was making the coffee, I felt Sophie move close behind me and reach a hand around my waist. As she ran it down over the front of my trousers she quietly asked "so how are we going to decide who takes this project?" 

My cock began to stiffen again as I realised what she was getting at. Without giving me a chance to answer she continued "if you were willing to do it, I'm sure we could work something out." 

As she finished her sentence, she squeezed my cock through my trousers and I felt it jump at her touch.

I had spent the entire weekend reliving my experience with Sophie, as well as masturbating into her dark blue panties, and I was desperate to have another go at her. Turning to face her, I smiled and then grimaced as if it was a tough decision. 

"I don't know" I replied "it's a lot of work."

Although we 'negotiated' for a few minutes, there was no reluctance at all from Sophie. I think the whole idea of me needing something in return for taking this project was just a bit of fun for both of us, in reality, she wanted this as much as I did. 

We had to sit down so I could hide my erection and Sophie giggled excitedly while we discussed what she was going to do for me. 

We agreed that she would come over to mine that Friday and 'do whatever it took' to make it up to me. I warned her that it would take a lot of work and, checking around to make sure we were still alone, she whispered "I'm sure we can work something out, maybe I'll even let you cum inside me." 

As much as I wanted to rip her clothes off there and then, I kept my composure and pointed out that since my workload would be increasing, I would be under a lot of pressure and would need her help relieving stress. She agreed to blow me once a week for as long as the project went on. 

Eventually we agreed that we had to get back to the office so, with a wink, Sophie got up and left while I remained sat there for a few minutes waiting for my hard on to go away. 

The next few days were agonising, knowing that I was going to get in her pants again but having to wait. It occurred to me that maybe that was her intention when she also started teasing me around the office. It was subtle but she was definitely doing it on purpose. She took every opportunity to bend over in front of me, 'accidentally' rub up against me, or to lean in close while talking to me so that she gave me a good view of her cleavage. 

By the time Friday came around, we were both ready to tear each other's clothes off. It felt like the longest work day ever and I wasn't paying attention at all. All I could think about was Sophie's gorgeous tits and her wet pussy. She left the office before me and by the time I got home, I was going crazy with anticipation. I tried to distract myself for a couple of hours until she arrived. 

When she eventually did knock the door, I had barely opened it before she threw her arms around my neck and pressed her lips against mine, kissing me passionately. I spun her around and pushed her up against the wall as I kicked the door shut. Without saying a word, she immediately began frantically pulling at my belt and unbuttoning my trousers. 

She broke off the kiss, gasping for air and moaned "I've been thinking about your dick all day, I need it right now." As she pulled my trousers open and yanked my dick out of my underwear, I managed to pull her skirt up to just above her waist. I ran a hand over the front of her pussy and could feel that she was wearing a tiny little thong that did nothing to hide the fact that she was dripping wet. 

As I pulled it to the side, she lifted one leg and wrapped it tightly around my waist while she fumbled to line my stiff cock up with her pussy. She groaned loudly and clasped one arm around my neck as she sunk down on my dick, and I felt it slide up into her wet hole. I frantically thrust up into her as she wrapped her other leg around me and held on tight. We were writhing and bucking our hips while we grunted and groaned like horny teenagers. 

After just a minute or two, she shifted her weight slightly and ground her hips against me, rubbing her clit along my shaft. She started to moan louder and dig her fingers into my back. 

As I slammed into her harder, she gritted her teeth and grunted "yes, fuck yes, don't stop, make me cum, please make me cum."

I kept thrusting as hard as I could as her panting got faster. Eventually she stopped grinding her hips, buried her face in my neck, and screamed out as she had her first orgasm. As she unclasped her legs and I let her stand back on the ground, we breathed heavily and smiled at each other. She was so desperate to get my cock in her, she hadn't even taken her shoes or any of her clothes off, so I watched as she straightened her thong and removed her shoes. 

"Sorry", she said a little sheepishly "I got a bit worked up, I couldn't wait." 

Now things were a bit calmer and we had caught our breath back, she slowly moved in closer to me, kissed me gently, and grabbed hold of my dick, which was still hard. "Well" she said playfully, "there's no point putting this away now." 

She tugged on it gently and continued "now you've taken care of me, I think it's your turn." I just smiled as I took her hand and lead her into the front room. 

Her skirt was still bunched up above her waist but instead of pulling it back down, she unzipped it at the side and let it drop to the floor as she unbuttoned her blouse. As I pulled my top over my head and pushed my trousers off, I looked up to see Sophie stood in front of me in a tiny black thong and a dark red bra. She looked stunning and she smiled a wide smile when she saw me admiring her. 

I was stood in front of the couch and as Sophie slowly walked over to me, she unclasped her bra and let it fall from her chest, dropping it to the floor. 

When she reached me, I grabbed her waist and pulled her close, burying my face in her huge soft tits. I sucked one nipple into my mouth and then moved to the other before I spun her around and dropped her down on to the sofa, kneeling in front of her. She squealed excitedly as I grabbed the waistband of her thong and pulled it down and off her legs before lifting them over my shoulders and starting to kiss my way up her inner thighs. As I got closer to her dripping wet pussy, she started to writhe her hips around, trying to force it into my mouth. I put a hand around each thigh and held her still as I continued to tease her. 

Eventually, I reached her pussy and ran my tongue up the full length of her lips before sucking her clit into my mouth. She moaned and panted as I ate her pussy and she ran her fingers through my hair, and held my head in place. I could feel her juices again on my face and remembered how much she had cum last time I did this. As I shove my tongue up inside her and pressed my thumb against clit, she screamed again and came for a second time, coating my face in her sweet juices. 

I let go of her legs and stood up in front of her as she sat up on the sofa. As she took my cock in her hand, she smiled up at me and said "that was supposed to be your turn." With that, she opened her mouth wide and sunk it down over the head of my dick, immediately taking nearly half of it into her mouth. She began to bob her head up and down while she sucked me and fondled my balls. 

Now that she was sober, she gave an even better blowjob than last time, she sucked half of it in and out of her mouth while twisting the bottom half in her fist. I wrapped a hand around the back of her head and held it in place while I groaned with pleasure. 

After a few minutes of this, we were both getting a little more excited, I had started thrusting my hips gently and I looked down to see that Sophie had now moved one hand down to rub her pussy. I gradually managed to control the pace, and push my dick in and out of her mouth while I held the back of her head until eventually, I was pretty much just fucking her face. She grunted as I slammed in and out and, as I looked down to see her squeezing her big soft tits, I realised my orgasm was approaching. 

I pulled my cock out of her mouth and grabbed one of her hands, pulling her up from her seat. I lead her out of the room and into my bedroom, shedding the last of my clothes as I went and when we got there, I forcefully, but playfully, pushed her onto the bed. She giggled a little and smiled up at me as I climbed onto the bed and straddled her waist. 

Smiling, she reached up to gently stroke my cock as I reached a hand back and rubbed up and down the lips of her pussy. 

"I can't believe you've got me off twice already and you haven't cum yet" she said, tugging on my stiff cock. "I'm supposed to be giving you a treat." 

"I know" I replied, as I pushed a finger inside her, causing her to push her chest out and groan "I'm not done with you yet though." 

With that, I jumped off her, flipped her over on to her hands and knees, and knelt in behind her, lining my cock up to her slit. She cooed excitedly and pressed her hips back against me but I moved mine back slightly, deciding to tease her. 

"You want me back inside you, don't you?" I asked, stroking a hand up her thigh. 

"Yes" she hissed, "put it in me." 

"I thought you said this was my treat?" I argued in mock disappointment. 

"What's in it for me?" 

She laughed and buried her head in the pillows as she continued to push her hips back, trying to force me inside her. 

"Mmm" she moaned, thinking to herself while she squeezed one of her own tits. 

"I'll let you cum anywhere you want." 

Without another word, I thrust my hips forward hard and pushed at least half of my cock up inside Sophie's body, forcing a load grunt from her. 

"Oh wow" she shouted as the next two thrusts had me buried all the way in her "it's so deep, fuck me harder." 

I continued to pound away at her for a couple of minutes until I could feel my orgasm approaching once more. I grabbed her shoulder and pulled upwards, clasping my other arm around her torso so she was standing on her knees with her body against me and my cock still stuck up inside her. I pressed my face up against her ear and asked "so I can cum wherever I want then?" 

"Yes" she replied breathlessly, "anywhere." 

I pulled my cock out of her straight away and threw her down on to the bed and before she could react, I straddled her stomach and grabbed my dick in my hand. Almost immediately, the first spurt of cum shot out of my cock and hit her bottom lip. She flinched at the unexpected cumshot, but began to relax as I aimed at her chest and continued to erupt the rest of my huge load all over her gorgeous tits. 

I had been so worked up until this point it was a huge load and it covered her breasts, dribbling down into the valley between them. As I slumped down next to her, she reached a hand up to her mouth and wiped off the glob of cum on her lip. 

"Ha, sorry about that" I said "I didn't mean to shoot it that far."

To my surprise, I watched her open her mouth and pop her finger in, licking the small drop of cum off it and swallowing it down. "That's okay" she replied grinning, 

"I don't mind getting it on my face, I think it's sexy." 

Wow, I hadn't expected that at all but I knew I would definitely love to give this girl a facial. We lay there relaxing for a few minutes before she went to clean up. When she came back, I was sat on the edge of the bed so she walked up to me, bringing me directly to eye level with her sexy triangle of bushy public hair. I moved back slightly and grabbed her big round arse, pulling her down to straddle me with her knees on either side of my waist. 

"So, are we even now?" She asked with a coy smile. To be honest, I had almost forgotten about the work thing by this point but it seemed fun to keep up the joke so I squeezed the soft flesh of her cheeks and replied "not even close, you didn't think it would be that easy did you?" 

Sophie laughed and said "I was hoping you'd say that, do you have anything to drink?" 

I put my boxers back on and we went into the kitchen, Sophie had put her thong back on (which hid nothing at all) and her blouse, but she didn't bother buttoning it up. I opened some wine and we stood in the kitchen for a while, flirting. It wasn't long before I started to get hard again staring at this sexy, half naked woman. Sophie noticed the tent in my boxers and slowly moved over to me, adjusting them and letting my cock spring out of the hole in the front as she put her wine glass down on the counter behind me. 

"Mmm" she moaned, "it looks like someone's ready for more." Without answering, I roughly grabbed her thong clad pussy, forcing a sharp gasp to escape her lips. 

"You're so wet, you're enjoying this aren't you" I said but it wasn't a question. 

"You're really good at it" she replied anyway. 

That was what I wanted to hear, I roughly grabbed her and pushed her down over the kitchen table, bending her down flat on to it. "So it's time for me to get my payment?" I said as I slapped her arse and yanked her panties down her thighs, pressing my dick in between her cheeks. 

"Uh, yes" she grunted. 

"So you don't mind if I fuck you from behind right here?" 

"No, no."

"You want it hard don't you, you want me to get my money's worth out of your wet pussy, huh?"

"Ugh yes" she cried "use me! Do anything you want." 

She was mine now. I have to admit I shocked myself a little bit, I had never acted like this before. I wasn't into being dominant and I certainly wasn't trying to humiliate her or anything but there was something about fucking my colleague from behind. It excited me to know that the professional, put together manager from my office who was used to strutting around in her heels and looking so respectable was bent over in front of me waiting for me to shove my dick inside her. 

I took a handful of her hair in my fist and clenched it hard as I shoved my hips forward so hard my dick was almost buried all the way in on the first thrust. I pulled back and slammed into her again hard enough that the table moved a couple of inches across the kitchen. 

"Ow, shit" Sophie grimaced. 

"What?" I asked as I kept thrusting just as hard. 

"Ow fuck, ow" she said again. I slowed right down and pulled out to about half way, just gently moving my hips now. 

"What's that, you want me to stop?" 

She grasped the sides of the table and shoved her hips back into me so hard her cunt swallowed the rest of my cock again as she shouted "no, no please, don't stop, don't stop." 

"Don't stop what?" I asked trough gritted teeth as I pulled a little harder on the handful of hair. 

"Don't ugh, don't stop ngh, fucking me!" she replied, grunting as I pounded her. 

Like I said, I wasn't usually like this, I didn't know what had got into me but I didn't know when it would again, so I decided to keep pushing it. 

"You like me fucking you don't you." 

"Yes, ah, I love it."

"You want me deep in your cunt don't you."

"Ah fuck, yes, yes."

"Say it, tell me what you want."

"Ow, I want... I want it, fuck me."

"Where, where do you want it?"

"Ugh ugh, no, I don't..." 

I spanked one cheek of her smooth round arse hard enough to leave a red mark and slammed her into the table again. 

"Tell me where you want it!" I commanded, louder this time. 

"Uh ah, fuck... My ... Ugh, cunt!" She shouted as her knuckles turned white gripping the table. 

"Fuck my tight cunt, pull my hair and fuck my cunt!" 

As the last filthy word escaped from her lips, her legs buckled and I felt her pussy clamp down around my dick, and a warm wetness trickle down my thighs. 

I thrust a couple more times before slamming into her and holding still, buried all the way in to the hilt. As I ground my hips against hers and then released my grip slightly, I looked down to see a sticky wetness covering her arse and my pubic hair. I realised she had cum so hard, her pussy had released a flood of her juices over both of us. 

I let go of her hair and held her up by her hips as she recovered from her shattering orgasm. As she straightened her legs but flopped down flat on the table, she closed her eyes and cooed "I don't think I've ever cum so hard." 

I took my other hand off her hip and remained standing behind her, slowly rocking back and forth, plunging my dick nearly all the way into her and then pulling back out. Her pussy was such a sloppy mess now that there was very little resistance and I easily slipped in and out of her body. After another minute or two, I looked down at the stickiness covering my pubes and her arse cheeks, and wondered what it was that made some girls wetter than others. I pulled my cock out of her, grabbed her shoulder and pulled her upright, kissing her neck. I gently but firmly led her over to the edge of the sofa and pulled her sweaty blouse down off her arms, before I bent her down over the back of it, exposing her bare arse to me even more. 

She willingly complied, with nothing but a contented moan, so I pulled her soaking wet thong down her legs, knelt behind her, and took one foot out of it. Now free from the stretched material, I firmly pulled her legs apart and ran a hand up one of them. Her inner thighs were soaked with her pussy juice and I stuck my face right in between her legs and licked from the front to the back before pulling away and roughly thrusting two fingers up inside her. 

Her whole body trembled from the assault on her now very sensitive pussy and she let out a guttural moan. I didn't let up, I continued to hammer my hand up into her while I lightly licked and nibbled the soft skin of her arse cheeks. I was quickly able to add a third finger to her gaping hole as I squeezed the other arse cheek hard in my other hand. 
