 Tim was in the office late again tonight. He always worked late, which is why he was single. Not because of anything else. He just turned 48 and was in great shape. He is a very handsome 6ft man. He had salt & pepper hair, deep brown eyes and a smile that would melt the heart of any woman. Gwad he was yummy!!

The thing he liked the most about working late was he was all alone and worked in an office building 32 stories high. He loved the night scenery of the city from his desk. The twinkling lights always made him dreamy, and in some cases, horny as hell.

Tonight was no exception. Tim sat in his big comfortable office chair and turned it to the huge window with the scenery he loved so much. He turned off the lights and enjoyed the twinkling lights. He reached into his drawer beside him and pulled out a bottle of baby oil. Gwaddddd he loved the way it made the gliding so soft and slippery. He sat up a bit and unzipped his fly .he pulled out his thick meat to stroke to ecstasy.

If he had his way, he would work like that every day. He loved the way his cock felt hanging out of his pants. When he was at home, his cock is always hanging out o his jeans. He sits on the back porch with a drink in his hand and his cock in the other. When he gardens his cock hangs swinging under him. Good thing he lived out of the city a bit. No neighbours around for a good mile.

Tim was still dressed in his suit pants and shirt and now with his cock hanging out. His cock was soft but meaty and was soon long and hard. He poured the oil in his hand and began to slowly stroke back and forth. He was still sitting forward. Gwad he loved the feeling of lust. "Soooooo, sexy" he'd say.

Tim decided to lean back and enjoy but his pants were in the way. Therefore, he took them off .as he did he noticed the lights on in the other building. He wondered who was working late like him .he sat back down and stroked his cock waiting to see who it was.

To his delight, it was a woman. She had on a business suit jacket and skirt. Her high hells made his cock hard right away. She obviously enjoyed the view as well. She sat down and swung her chair to the window.

She was two- stories down from him. He was glad he turned out the lights so he could stroke his cock and fantasized about her. Then to his amazement she stood up, took off her shoes and her jacket, hiked up her skirt and plunked back down into her chair. She had on a red button up blouse .she slowly undid each button and it was then that he noticed she wore a red bra to match.

The lovely lady then threw her leg over the arms of the chair to reveal she didn't have any panties on. Tim almost blew now. He contained himself. He wanted to watch the show ...gwad he sure was glad he stayed late tonight. 

She lifted her shirt just high enough to expose her flat stomach, her pierced belly button poked out as she slid her easily her hips slowly spreading her legs apart. Her bald pussy extended hungrily from her crotch as she leisurely stretched her pussy lips open. She rubbed her clit playfully for about a minute and then stuck her index finger down inside her cunt, pumping it in and out and making a wet sloshing sound, she was lobbing up her finger with her pussy juice. Her long painted fingers slipped easily to find her clit, now starting to throb and ache. She parted her moist outer lips and massaged her clit slowly with one finger.

Tim was sitting there mesmerized watching this lovely lady relieve her stressful day .he wanted so bad to call her up and he would take care of his and her stressful day.

 She reached in with her other hand and pulled out her luscious tits.

She now started to gently squeeze her hard nipples and she wanted to feel her nipple skin stretched. With the support of the bra, her tits felt like heavy rocks on her chest and the rolled apart until the skin of the cleavage took the weight up and held them in place. 

She was now wet with her own juices and she easily slid first one then two fingers into her burning hole, all the while the thumb kept a steady pace and pressure on her clit. She started pinching her nipples with her other hand alternating between each one and gave each nipple a pulling twist with each pinch. She enjoyed the pain as she increased the pinching force each time, deliberately increasing how hard she pulled each time making each nipple harder and more inflamed. Her hips rocked slowly against the pressure of her hand, which was becoming covered in her own fluids. The nipple pinching increased in tempo to match her thrusting against the hand in her shorts until her body ached for release. With small whimper and a stiffening of her body, she spent herself on her hand enjoying the waves of relief as they washed over her. She laid still for several minutes enjoying the glow of her orgasm, her hand still soaking in her juices and the other stroking gently her swollen red left nipple.

Tim was sitting on the edge of his chair; eyes glued to the beautiful sight of a bald cunt and hard nipples .his strokes were getting quicker as he watched her. Just as she stiffened, Tim's hard cock shot out gobs and gobs of cum. he was amazed at how far it shot and the amount.

They both layer back in their chairs stress free and throbbing in ecstasy. 

Tim glanced down at the pretty lady and she was gone. 

"Fuck that was hot!" he hissed aloud.

Just as he was about to get up, he saw her in the window again. This time she had a note "thanks " and pointed it right at Tim.

Tim fell back into his chair. ...Could she see him? Had she been watching him on other nights? He was scared and aroused at the same time.

He flipped on his desk lamp and motioned her up. He wrote on a paper 222. Ten mins later, she was in his office. Tim didn't bother to dress .not for what he had in mind. There was no since. He wanted her ...right there on his desk. Tim's cock was hard again. He walked toward her.

"Hmmmmmmm you're very happy to see me I see" she said.

"Yeah very" he hissed."That was quite a show you put on there "

Rita sashayed towards him, put her arms around his neck and kisses him hard. Her tongue twirling around his.

'Only to please what you have done for me, other nights" she whispered.

 Tim escorted her to his desk, lifted her on the top of it, pulled up her skirt and buried his mouth in her bald wet pussy. He found her protruding clit and sucked on it as if it was a nipple. In and out of his lips, until he could fell her tense .he stopped and licked her from her ass to the top of her bald cunt. He did this for what seemed an hour, but truly, it was just a few mins. 

Rita kept telling him how good it felt.

"Don't stop, Tim, don't stop," she moaned.

"Hey?" he thought how did she know my name .he didn't like it when people tried to find out about him.

 His palm rubbed roughly over one breast as his fingers dipped inside the cup of her bra. Forcing his hand into the constrained space, he grasped her nipple and pinched it harshly, causing the skin to pucker and Rita winced with indignity and pain. Smiling coldly, he yanked the cup down under her breast and forced her tit up and over it's edge, spilling over her bra. Satisfied, he shoved his hand into the other cup. He pinched violently several more times, until Rita cried out, and then pulled her nipple until her breasts were squeezed together in the hassock of the lowered cups. 

"How did you know my name?" he growled at her.

"I-I-I... looked you up .I asked around the building." Rita was a bit scared. What had she walked into?

"Hmmmmmmmmmm" he hissed, " so people know you wanted me huh?"



Pleased with the effect, he stepped away and slowly circled the desk, and looked at her from all angles. 

"Well," he spat out, "you certainly fit the picture. So lewd, so crass, skirt hiked to your waist, legs spread, tits hanging out. You make a very nasty picture there, a very dirty little slut indeed."

Finished with his circuit, he stood once again in front of Rita and reached out to fondle her ass, stroking his fingers down the crack of her cunt and prodding now and again at tight hole to her vagina. Silently, he reached around to touch her face.

Tim forced her back down onto the desk and pulled her ass closed to the edge of the desk. His cock throbbing hard as nails, he spread Rita's legs wider and slid two fingers into her wet bald cunt. Then he moistened her ass with his tongue and slid a finger into her virgin ass.

Shocked, Rita squirmed below, desperately trying to move away from his probing finger. Cruelly, Tim pushed harder, forcing his finger slightly down her passage. Rita howled beneath him, writhing in pain as Tim laughed. 

"No?" he asked, "don't like that?" he pushed a little harder; enjoying Rita's useless thrashing.

"Don't want me to, say... take you up the ass?" 

Muffled by her own sobs, desperate and terrified to speak, Rita could only shake her head violently back and forth.

"Well," conceded Tim after a few more probes, "as you prefer." 

He removed his finger and the volume of Rita's sounds diminished for a moment. 

"Of course," he declared, "there's really only one acceptable alternative." 

He pushed her legs apart with his hands and set back to work. With his other hand, he directed his cock at Rita's pussy, rubbing it against the soft down of her entrance. Precum leaked from the end of his aroused penis, lubricating the sliding head as it began to burrow into tight bald cunt. 

"Oh gwaddddddddddddddddddd " Rita sighed 

"So I'm god now am I?" he smeared.

Tim's hand instantly smacked sharply and painfully across her ass, provoking a tortured cry from Rita.

"I told you not to speak!" he bellowed. 

Furious, he thrust his hard cock into the entrance of her cunt. Rita's arms flailed and her cries became louder, but with her legs spread and her hair firmly entwined in Tim's other hand, he wasn't concerned with escape. Instead, he concentrated on driving his cock into her tight cunt, so tight he couldn't penetrate her. Once, twice, three times he tried to drive the head of his rigid member into the tunnel of Rita's pussy.

With a grunt of lust and frustration, he released her hair and shoved her face down onto his desk, pinning her under the weight of one arm. Pushing the thrashing woman forward until her ass hung at the very end of the desk, he forced first one finger and then another into Rita's cunt. Rita beneath him screamed with pain at the intrusion, but Tim continued to pump his hand until he felt the constriction loosen just slightly. Quickly he withdrew his fingers and again positioned his cock, shoving roughly. 

Rita beat her hands against the desk, begging him to stop, ignoring Tim's punitive blows to her lifted ass.

"Shut up, you fucking slut! I'm going to fuck your tight ass if you like it or not!" 

The head of his cock finally made it in, and he continued to rock quickly.

"You asked for this, and I'm going to jam this up your dirty ass if it's the last fucking thing I do!" 

He thorough beating, tunnelled in, slowly forcing his way up the vice-tight channel. To his delight, the sprawled woman beneath was begging for mercy. 

"Oh god, it hurts, it hurts... please stop, sir, please, and I'm begging you it hurts too much..." 

Her cries were truly pitiful, and Tim made them more so by mauling a lewdly exposed nipple with his free hand.

"Shut the fuck up, you worthless cunt," 

He grunted, slapping her exposed tits. Her scream of pain coursed through him. 

"Say goodbye to your sweet virgin asshole," he taunted

Pulling back slightly, with a ferocious grunt, Tim thrust brutally forward. Helpless, Rita released one long wail as he broke into her. 

Tim felt the warm wetness that seeped as he ruptured her; combined with the precum leaking from his cock, it provided enough lube to really stroke. Grabbing both her hips, he slammed in and out of the raped woman, repeatedly. 

"You have the tightest ass, so good for fucking," he chanted behind her.

"Fucking slut. Whore. Cunt. So good. So fucking tight, your little virgin asshole." 

 Tim rode the whimpering woman mercilessly. The tight grasping of her ass filled his cock with the most intense sensations, pulling his climax out of him almost against his will. Spurred on by the sounds of her cries and pleas, he thrust against the motions of her violent protest, fucking her for all he was worth. Finally, she seemed to give in. her body collapsed slightly and her cries became mere whimpers. 

"Oh Christ," he groaned, "I'm going to come up this sweet hole of yours..." 

 With one final shove, he buried himself to the hilt in the screeching woman and exploded with a triumphant cry. Tim collapsed over the still-sobbing woman as the come spurted out in intense waves. Tim lay panting on top of her as his dick retracted. Gradually, her crying decrease. He took a final deep breath and raised himself off her. 

"Did I hurt you? Are you ok? Gwad that was awesome!" Tim asked nervously and out of breath.

 Rita sighed in total extract. She rolled over took his face in her hands and said 

"You are the best fuck I've ever had!"

 With that, she got up grabbed his hands, cuffed them together, and hooked them in the drawer knob on the desk.

"So... " She strutted around his desk naked and dripping wet... "You wanna get rough do you?"

 She smacked his ass hard. The Rita swung his body around so his cock hung free. She spread his legs wide and pulled on his cock. She squatted down and milked it.

"What's this thing? " she giggled " is that what you call a cock?" 

She played with it batting it back and forth. 

"Looks like a little boys to me. When I get fucked I want a man cock not this silly thing "

She batted it again. Then she stood up and smacked his ass hard again. The she reached into her purse.

"Let's see if this doesn't straighten you out!

"W-what's that," Tim asked nervously while staring at a large latex object 

"That looked a lot like a dildo but different! "

"You mean this," Rita asked casually!

"Y-yes," Tim replied very nervously, "w-where does that go!"

"Where do you think it goes," Rita asked with an evil scowl! 

"O-oh nooooooo," Tim moaned, "not in my asshole, it's way to huge, please don't do that to me!"

"Are you telling me what to do, bitch," Rita asked harshly, "cusp if you are I will whip your fucking ass, got it!" 

"Y-yes," Tim replied quickly, "I'm sorry, it's just that it scares me, that's all!" 

 Now reaching into her purse and extracting a jar of petroleum jelly, Rita calmly began greasing up the head of the latex dominator, and after taking her sweet time with it finally looked up and ordered....

"Okay, bitch, spread your legs!"

With his heart pounding a mile a minute, Tim nervously looking over his shoulder, watched with his eyes wide as saucers as Rita pressed the huge butt plug into his beautiful tight ass! 

"Oh, god," Tim gasped, "it-it hurts so bad, ohhhhhhhhh myyyyyyyyyy gwaaadddddd, be careful, ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh fuck that hurts!!!" 

Rita chuckled to herself as her bitch groaned louder by the inch. Finally, the latex monster snapped into place as Tim's ass gripped the brutal invader. It left him gasping for air! 

"My, my, my," Rita said softly, "it seem that my little bitch is having some discomfort, are you in pain little man, is your asshole burning!" 

"Y-yes," he replied with a moan, "b-but it feels all hot and full, it can't quite describe it!" 

"Maybe this will help," Rita replied with an evil hiss. While whacking the end of the protruding rubber with the palm of her hand, it instantly caused her hot bitch to gasp and moan while his cock instantly became erect and ready to go!

Rita casually tapped the end of the fat butt plug, and with each stroke, the poor man was being driven closer and closer to a stunning orgasm! When she was sure that he was on the verge of cumming, Rita had the glassy eyed young man sit on the edge of chair beside him, which naturally put more pressure of the brutally thick plug. Rita stood in front of him; she offered her wet juicy cunt to his hot mouth! She then forced the hot wired bitch lick her hot wet cunt to a quick and satisfying orgasm as his cock bobbed helplessly up and down in dire need of some relief of its own!

"Mmmmmm, that was a good little bitch," Rita sighed, "it guess we're all done now, right!"

Tim's eyes practically rolling back into his head, grabbed his own cock, with his hands still clamped together with the handcuffs and started to stroke his own cock. 

" No ... no you don't. That's for me. Just sit there!"



Rita backed onto his throbbing cock, grabbed a hold of the thick invader, and after caressing Tim's smooth hairless ass, rammed the thick club in and out of his burning ass hole until his cock spasmodically fired off a series of cum shower, leaving Tim totally and completely wiped out from the experience!

After extracting the plug from Tim's abused bottom, Rita planted little kisses all over his smooth cheeks and whispered,

"Now, next time it will be worse, do you promise to be a good little bitch!"? 

Now barely able to rely, Tim managed to mumble, 

"Yeah, but it think we'll have to try this one more time just to be sure!"

They both hugged each other and left to her apartment around the corner for a snuggled sleep!