 "God! What a dream!" Michelle exclaimed. Her nipples stood at attention underneath her oversized t-shirt. She absentmindedly cupped her full breast, pinching her left nipple gently. The heat from between her legs was undeniable. She needed to get laid -- and soon! It had been too long since she last felt the touch of a man, let alone the feel of a cock deep inside her.

Rolling over in bed she looked at the clock. 6:50AM. Fuck. No time this morning to satisfy her urge. This was going to be a frustrating day. 

She hastily jumped out of bed and into the shower. Reveling in the hot spray on her face the water cascaded down the tanned skin of her toned body. At 5-foot 6-inches Michelle wasn't tall enough to be a runway model, but her figure, smile, and legs still caught the eye of many men. If only they would approach her! 

She washed her long dark brown hair that almost reached the middle of her back when she straightened it. If only she had 10 extra minutes she would have grabbed her tried and true toy from her nightstand and let him do the work. Turn it on high, slide it inside and wait for the orgasms to flow. 

"I can't believe I was dreaming about Daniel again," she thought to herself. She didn't even really know him. They had only spoken a handful of times in a few meetings and Michelle had never even looked at him in that way. And yet she was dreaming his hard cock was slamming into her pussy with hopeless abandon. His dark eyes locked on hers his strong hands grasping her hips firmly. "I bet he's good in bed!" She grinned. 

She closed her eyes and let her hands wander her body. Cupping her breast with her left hand she slid her right down her stomach and into the aching valley between her legs finding the sensitive little button. Even in the shower she could feel how wet was. Michelle's fingers soon gained a mind of their own and slipped two of them between her lips inside her. Despite the blistering hot water her body shuddered. A moan escaped her lips as she pushed her fingers in and out. Curling her fingers slightly she slowly dragged the tips of her along the walls finding her g-spot. 

In the back of her mind, the only part of her brain not on autopilot, she knew she didn't have time to build an earth shattering orgasm but she did have enough time to small pulsating orgasm. Michelle raised her leg onto the ledge of the tub resting her head against the shower wall. Inserting a third finger she pumped feverously. Faster. Deeper. 

Squeezing her eyes tight Daniel's face flashed before her. Then his shoulders, his chest, and his arms. Michelle could feel her orgasm coming. His naked abs. She was so close! Her arm was getting tired and her hand was starting to cramp, but she needed this so bad. She needed to cum -- demanded it. His rock hard cock appeared. Michelle concentrated so intently she could feel every ridge of his cock slide in and out of her wanton pussy. 

Her legs began to shake, her hips involuntarily bucked on her hand and her whole body tensed. "Oh fuck I'm cumming! I'm cumming!" her pussy throbbed sucking her fingers deeper. For what seemed like an eternity she stood motionless like a statue frozen in the throes of passion. The intensity in her facial expression immortalized. 

She didn't move, couldn't move, until her muscles started to relax and her body released the vise grip on her hand. Michelle sighed. "Not the best orgasm I've had, but it will do," she thought. At least until she got home later that night. 

***

Michelle made it into the office only 2 minutes late! Dropping her jacket and purse on her desk. She was a little out of breath from running the last couple of blocks and could feel the perspiration on the surface of her skin. Adjusting her knee length skirt and well-fitting blouse she got to work. 

She did her best to stay focused but her imagination had other plans. Leaning back in her chair and stretching her arms above her head she peered around the office. "I wonder if anyone has had sex in this office? The storage room maybe, or maybe the handicap washroom! Lots of space in there." Unbeknownst to Michelle, her breasts strained against the confines of her blouse while she stretched. They were on full display and prying eyes had noticed. 

***

Daniel had never noticed Michelle before. Not really anyways. She was attractive, professional, and had a killer smile but he never thought he stood a chance. It wasn't until he stood at the printer waiting for his print job to finish did he really notice her. 

From this angle he had a beautiful unobstructed view of her. He could tell she was lost in thought, stretching her arms above her head while staring at the screen. She had amazing breasts! He felt a stir in his pants. Fuck. Dress pants don't hide anything. Pretending to reach for his phone, he slipped a hand into his pocket, gave himself a quick stroke, and secretly adjusted his cock to a more comfortable less obvious position. 

Michelle was gorgeous. Her dark hair pulled back into a clip, dark eyes, and red lips. She was certainly someone who enjoyed being in the sun because her skin gave off a glow. Hell she even had great posture! Casting his gaze to her shapely legs, along her toned calves, and down to her black leather pumps. 

Her skirt fit snugly around her hips accentuating her waist while her white blouse hugged her breasts showcasing a full "C" cup. She had all the right curves in all the right places! How had he not noticed her before?

***

Michelle felt someone's eyes on her. 

She looked around the office and saw everyone diligently working. No one was looking at her, and yet she could still feel the heat of someone's gaze. And then she saw him. Daniel. The man from her dreams. The man from her shower!

He was standing at the printer wearing a pale motif dress shirt with the sleeves rolled up his arms and tucked neatly behind a brown belt and dark grey dress pants. His dark skin contrasted brightly.

"How long has he been looking at me?" She thought. 

Casually Daniel had his hand in his pocket rummaging around for something. And then she thought she saw the outline of an erection. Is he hard? My god he is definitely hard! "Did he get hard looking at me?" Her loins tingled. 

She locked eyes with him and he froze like a deer in headlights. Busted! Hastily pulling his hand from his pocket he turned 3 shades of red, ripped the paper out of the printer and practically ran back to his office. 

***

Days had past and neither Michelle or Daniel had spoken to each other -- professionally or otherwise. It was as if each of them were going through a proverbial "cold shower" to rid themselves of the awkward sexual attraction. Little did they know it would take more than avoidance to quench this thirst. Much more. 

***

The elevator door opened and Daniel entered. Lost in thought he selected the eleventh floor and receded back into the corner of the steel box. He didn't notice the people squeeze into the elevator with him. Stuffed like sardines in a can everyone jostled for position. Annoyed, Daniel retreated until his back was against the wall and the handle bar jabbed in him the back. 

People were still holding the door open waiting for the last couple stragglers to make their way in. As if there was any room left at all! As was social customary he made no attempt to look around the elevator car. Heaven forbid he awkwardly make eye contact with someone else. The pressure on his back must have hit a nerve because a small shiver rocketed down his legs. Or was it the pressure on his front that was causing a stir? 

The woman in front of him took another half step backwards pressing even more into him. She was practically molding her body against his. He twisted slightly to relieve the pressure on his back and his front until he found a comfortable position, and a comfortable spot for his swelling cock. "Fuck. This is getting out of hand!" Daniel thought to himself. Could she feel him? Could she feel his cock firmly against her nestled between her cheeks? 

The elevator jerked suddenly catching everyone off guard. Someone made a joke about the building maintenance. Someone else replied as if to try and continue a conversation in the 4-foot by 6-foot box. This building was notorious for the slowest travelling elevators in all of downtown. 

Daniel wasn't paying attention; all his concentration was dedicated to will his growing erection to deflate! But the sudden jump in the car had cause most people to reach out to the railing for support, but Daniel's arms were pinned at his side. He didn't have the room to pulls his arms up. So he reflexively held on to what he could, and it happened to be the hips of the woman in front of him. 

Frozen in fear he didn't whether to drop his hands right away and risk brushing against her ass, or to slowly move his hands away in hopes that she never felt them at all. 

She shifted her weight to her right leg. The slight movement was a gentle rub against him, bringing Daniel back to full erection again. He cleared his throat hoping to bring attention to the fact she was well inside his personal space and practically stroking his cock with her cheeks. 

She shifted her weight to her left leg. His cock strained painfully against his pants, demanding to be set free! Between the sudden jerks of the elevator and the movement of the woman in front of him he was slowly being caressed. "Don't cum. Please don't cum." He said to himself, but body had other ideas. 

His hands grabbed her hips firmly, pulling her more against him. Her dark hair was in his face. He could smell her delicious vanilla bean perfume. He ground his cock against her in a slow deliberate motion. Daniel was close and there was no turning back. Another slow grind, and another. 

And then he felt her move. Her slight change in position was enough to wake him from his lustful daydream. He froze. His hands firmly on her waist. His hips thrust against her. His orgasm boiling up inside him.

He loosened his grip on her hips and began to drop his arms to his sides and then he felt her hand. With her right hand she grabbed his wrist. Pulling his hand back to her hips and then reached further back grasping the back of his thigh. What the fuck? 

He did a test grind to see what would happen. She pushed back against him. Then she bent her knees so she could stroke the full length of his cock between her cheeks. That was all the encouragement Daniel needed! He grabbed her hips forcefully, grinding into her with helpless abandon. A moan escaped his lips, and he coughed to try and cover the sound. He was close. Fuck he was close. Her hand pulled him against her as if she knew. 

Daniel came. Did he ever! Spurt after spurt erupted into his pants. His hips bucked with every wave. If it wasn't for the fact that he was against the wall he would have fallen over. Her hand gave his thigh a little squeeze and then she took a half step forward separating her body from his. Despite the bead of sweat on his brow, he shivered.

Soon the realization hit him. He had just sexually assaulted someone on the elevator and masturbated against her, then ejaculated in his pants on the way up to his office. All before 8AM! 

The elevator doors opened and some people started to mill their way out of the car. He didn't know what floor this was, but he knew he had to get out. Clumsily he waded through the crowd, careful not to make eye contact with anyone. When there was enough room, he held his bag in front of his crotch and raced to the bathroom. 

***

Michelle couldn't get Daniel out of her mind! For the last few days he had been the object of her desire every time she masturbated. His eyes and smile. His arms and hands. His abs and cock. She shook her head trying to get the mental picture out of her brain, but she felt herself getting wet. 

"I think I'll use my lunch break to get off today!" She smirked to herself as she entered the building. 

A small crowd of people had started to crowd into the elevator. Michelle didn't want to risk being late today so she squeezed her way in. Was the Daniel in the back corner? She couldn't tell for sure. As everyone jockeyed for position she made her way closer to the man in the corner. If it was Daniel she was determined to say something to him today. 

The lighting in the elevator was poor and despite being right in front of the man she still couldn't tell if it was him or not. She decided not to risk a conversation. Elevator conversations were already awkward enough, let alone to try and talk to someone while pressed face to face with them. She turned around instead to face the doors. 

One more person squeezed onto the already full elevator causing her to take a half step backwards. "Seriously? Wait for the next one." She thought to herself. They had to be close to elevator weight limit! Michelle was practically standing on the feet of the man behind her! She could feel his body pressed against her. The doors finally closed. 

She felt the man press against her ass cheek so she shifted her weight to try and avoid contact. Unfortunately, there wasn't enough room to get away. She shifted her weight again. The pressure increased but this time something was nestled between her ass cheeks! 

Before she could move the elevator car jerked suddenly causing her to grab the handle bar with her right hand. It wasn't until the elevator started moving again did she notice that the man's hands were holding her waist! "What is happening? Why isn't he letting go? Why am I getting wet?" She thought. If she shifted her weight from leg to leg she could squeeze her thighs together causing the fabric of her panties to rub against her pussy. It wouldn't be enough to get off, but she might as well have some fun! 

The man ground himself against her causing her panties to ride up, separating the swollen lips of her pussy. This was no coincidence, but she was too horny to stop it! He pushed himself against her again -- and again. This was one of the hottest things she had ever experienced! Her panties were rubbing right against her clit every time he moved! Michelle was so wet her panties couldn't absorb it and she felt it run down her thighs -- lubricating them so she could rub them together faster. 

She was lost of lust. Reaching back, she grabbed the thigh of the man behind her. The man whose unmistaken erection was being caressed between her cheeks. He ground against her slower and harder. She pulled him closer. Again, and again, and again. 

Who knew dry humping would be so hot? The man increased his grip on her waist and his movement increased in intensity. He was close. She could practically feel the cum boiling in him. Bending her knees slightly she pushed against him as hard as she could, crushing him against the elevator wall. She wanted to feel him cum. 

The man began to tremble. She could feel his spasm against her. Every spurt. She didn't move until his convulsions stopped. Michelle was a little disappointed that she didn't get to cum, but at least one of them did! She wanted to say something to him, whisper in his ear. She wanted to drop her pants down to her ankles and slide his cock all the way inside her soaking pussy, but with so many people in the elevator it wasn't physically possible. She squeezed his thigh with her hand as if to say, "good job." 

Michelle was lost in a daze. Did she just dry hump a stranger in a packed elevator? Was it Daniel? She needed to know but before she could turn around to look into his eyes he was out the door, practically running down the hall.