 Scarlett looked at her watch, 17:05. She was running five minutes late for their rendezvous and she hoped he hadn’t gotten cold feet waiting for her. It was Friday and she wouldn’t be seeing him over the weekend, and actually; when would be the next time she had the opportunity to feel his dick inside her? At least a week. If she missed todays opportunity, she would do more than kick herself.

As she approached his office door, she felt the familiar feeling of anticipation. Nervousness which she managed to channel into excitement, mixed with intense horniness. She had never wanted anybody as much as she wanted him and she couldn’t understand why, it was a mystery that plagued her daily. He was gorgeous, of course, but it was more than that, there was chemistry which was undeniable and made their time together intensely enjoyable. Addictive. She couldn’t get enough of him and he couldn’t resist her even if he wanted to.

She looked around to make sure there was nobody near by who would see her enter the office. She discreetly opened the door and slipped through. Relief filled her, there he was sitting at his desk, a smile on his face.

“You’re late!” Matt teased, standing and walking towards her, taking her in his arms and kissing her mouth. “I was just about to leave.”

“I’m sorry.” She pouted, kissing his collar and running her hands under his t-shirt. “Let me make it up to you.” She moved her hands down to his belt and made brief eye contact as she continued to kiss him. She could already feel that he wanted her, his length pressing against his jeans, and what a length it was. She unbuckled his belt and brushed her hand across his hardness. She took a deep breath and let out a little noise. “Mmmm.” She couldn’t believe that after months of flirting with him, this man, her ultimate fantasy, was fucking her.

“Oh you are bad.” He said to her as she pulled down his trousers and boxers, revealing his huge erection. She took it in her hand and began rubbing it as she pushed him down onto the sofa. She climber on top of him, and with one hand still rubbing him, she used her other hand to take his right hand and move it slowly up her skirt. She could see on his face the moment he felt the tops of her stockings, she knew he couldn’t resist them, and she knew he was picturing them in his mind. She moved his hands further up and the smile gave away what he already suspected -- that she wasn’t wearing any underwear. This had been a long-standing fantasy of his, that a work colleague would make her intentions known, and seduce him during office hours. He wondered if every man had the same fantasy, and if they did, how many were lucky enough to live it. “I am so hard for you today.” He said, stroking her hair and kissing her neck.

She smiled and, feeling how hard he was, she slid down between his legs, onto her knees and began licking his dick. She had never taken a bigger dick than his and she truly believed that she would never take one quite so big again. She started at his balls, very gently grazing them with her teeth, before licking up the shaft and around the head. Every so often she would make eye contact, she suspected that this added to his enjoyment, she smiled with his cock in her mouth and moaned gently against it. She wanted him to know how much she was enjoying it.

She started to speed up with her mouth and her hand, finding a rhythm for his enjoyment. Her plan was to bring him close to orgasm before stopping, and then fucking him on his leather sofa. She was moaning against his dick when suddenly he gasped. “Shit!”

She stopped and looked up at him, he was staring at the door where his secretary, Hannah, was standing. The papers in her hand dropped to the floor as she watched, open mouthed, as Scarlett continued to lick Matts hard dick.

“It’s big enough for two if you want to join...” she said, making eye contact with Hannah, rubbing Matts cock with her hand. “That’s ok, isn’t it Matt?”

Matt couldn’t quite get his words out; he was stunned that they had been caught and now the prospect of an unplanned threesome was making him more excited than he had ever known possible.

Hannah hesitated. “I just came to put these papers on your desk... I thought you had gone home. Sorry to interrupt... I...” she stammered. The whole time not taking her eyes off Scarlett.

“Don’t apologise! You’ve arrived at just the right time, come on, just give it a little lick.” Scarlett purred. She had always thought Hannah to be quite attractive, in a sweet, innocent way. Not overtly sexy, which, if she was going to share Matts dick with anyone, it would be someone just like Hannah. Scarlett knew Hannah was going to join in, she would have left already if she wasn’t, “I’m just going to carry on down here, come and join in when you’re ready.” Scarlett loved to be watched and this made her performance all the greater. She wrapped her lips around Matts throbbing dick and allowed saliva to dribble out of her mouth, moistening his length, lubricating it for her hand. She twisted her hand around his cock, moving up and down with the rhythm of her mouth, moaning against it, getting faster. She could hear Matts noises of pleasure and she felt his hand grab her shoulders and head, moving her to as he wanted her.

Scarlett felt Hannah before she saw her, her body brushing against hers, kneeling next to her on the floor. “Wow.” She said, looking at Matts boner. She reached forward and touched it, wrapping her hand around it she began to rub him, slowly up and down. Matt watched as Hannah rubbed his dick and Scarlett licked it.

Hannah’s free hand moved to Scarlett’s face and guided it towards her own. The two women kissed and as they did so, Hannah’s hand snaked up Scarlett’s dress, brushing between her thighs and straight to her wet pussy.

“Ahh, I like that.” Scarlett moaned while moving her own hands to Hannah’s blouse, unbuttoning each button while kissing her chest. Matt lent forward and kissed Scarlett’s neck, running his hands over her back, finding the zip for her dress and pulling it down.

Scarlett stood and stepped out of her dress. She pushed Matt against the sofa and pushed his shoulders down so that she was on top of him and he was laying on his back. She turned to Hannah, “Carry on rubbing my pussy, but I have to have his cock.” Scarlett guided Matt’s dick inside her and as she did, she moaned, and circled her hips so he could go deeper. She loved the feel of him, so thick and hard, he filled her perfectly.

Hannah rubbed Scarlett and watched her moving up and down on Matt. She had never had a threesome before but had noticed Scarlett in the office and always thought she was very sexy, confident and easy to get along with. She was surprised at how aroused she was getting from watching Scarlett, the noises she made were incredible and she wondered if this happened often, and if it did, how had she not heard it before?

“Sit on his face.” Scarlett told Hannah. Hannah did as she was told and moved herself onto Matt. Matt started to lick Hannah’s wet pussy as he moved his hands from Scarlett’s hips, to Hannah’s. His tongue flicked over her, making her moan and gasp. He had amazing skills with his tongue, and he moved his fingers closer, before penetrating her with two.

Hannah gasped and let out a long moan. “Ahh yes!” As she lent forwards and ran her hands over Scarlett’s chest, cupping her breasts and licking her nipples. Scarlett was circling her hips and moaning herself, she enjoyed taking control and riding Matt, and she knew he would be enjoying this.

Matt was trying valiantly to hold off until he had brought the women to climax, but he wasn’t sure how much longer he could last. Within minutes of starting he could hear Hannah making the noises that he knew meant she was close to orgasm, and sure enough he felt her pussy throbbing against his mouth as she convulsed in a way that not even the most skilled actress could fake. The moans and groans were almost too much for him, and as Hannah stood, Matt took Scarlett by the hips, and told her; “Bend over.” Scarlett smirked, her favourite thing in the world was Matt telling her what to do. She lowered her knees to the ground and bent over the sofa as commanded, Hannah came in close next to her and started to rub her clit, Matt was on his knees behind her and she felt him enter her. The angle felt amazing.

“Ahhh Matt, this couldn’t feel better, don’t stop.” She said as he thrust into her, “Fuck, I’m so close!” she said as he thrust harder and deeper, he spanked her backside, as hard as he dared, making her gasp, he didn’t often indulge her with spanking, but he knew how much it turned her on, she loved him touching her arse and he loved touching it.

He ran his hands up and down her back, gripping her waist as she let out the tell tale “YES! OH MATT YES!! FUCK YES!! Ahhh, ahh....”

Matt continued thrusting and asked her “Do you want it in your pussy or your mouth?” as he wiped her sweat from his brow, watching as Hannah continued rubbing Scarlett’s pussy.

“My mouth.” Scarlett said as she took his cock in her hand and turned around at speed, sucking his cock just as he started to cum. She moaned and sucked, moving her mouth up and down on his throbbing cock. He pumped into her as he felt the second wave coming, he grabbed her head and thrust himself further into her mouth. She swallowed and carried on sucking until she was sure he was finished. She licked his balls and the length of him as he always liked her to do, and she was breathless.

Matt began to get dressed and watched as Scarlett helped to button up Hannah’s blouse. Scarlett pulled on her dress and Matt helped to zip it up.

“Have a good weekend!” Hannah said as she waved on her way out of the office.

Once they were alone, Matt took Scarlett in his arms and gave her a tight squeeze. “You really are something else!” He grinned.

Scarlett smiled back. “Don’t you forget it! And make sure you don’t do that without me!” She joked, pointing at the open door.