 "Yes, sir. I completely understand. I'll have it done for you when you come in first thing tomorrow morning."

I lowered the phone from my ear and will depressing the end button to end the call, my other hand ran through my short black hair and I exhaled a soft sigh of disgust. My overbearing boss had just given me yet another unreasonable deadline. A deadline that I knew that I wasn't going to meet without at least some assistance. So I leaned back in my chair, cracked my knuckles and pulled up all the relevant information I could find to help me finish this project.

I wasn't sure how long I had been working when my intercom buzzed and brought me back to the present. Reaching over my paper-covered desk, I pushed the talk button and while doing so I glanced at the clock on my computer. It was already 6:30! Well, I thought, there goes another chance to get home before 7.

"Yes, Brooke what is it?"

"Ken, Thom just left, and I'll need to get home so I can see Kristina off to the game. Should I lock up or will you be out shortly?"

"Actually, Brooke, could you stick around a little, I could really use some help finishing up this report for Bob."

"Sure thing Ken. Just let me phone Mark to see if he can take Kristina to the game."

"Thanks Brooke. What would I do without you?"

"Oh, I'm sure you would survive, Ken" Brooke replied lightly as she quickly ended our discussion.

Brooke has been my secretary for over 3 years now, and I can't imagine what I did to deserve to have her around. Not that I'm complaining, mind you. Her long silky toned legs were consistently a distraction, and her sparkling personality was a kicker. If it weren't for the fact that she was happily married to one of my best friends, I would have scooped her up years ago. Of course, that hadn't stopped us from finding the time to have a little fun every once in a while.

Brooke came through the door to my office and gently closed the door to the outer area. She glided in like a goddess. The incredibly short mini-skirt she liked to wear wonderfully accentuated her long lean legs. Her straight golden tresses flowed down to the middle of her back, and she had removed her business jacket to reveal her gloriously toned arms. She even left the bottom couple of buttons unbuttoned on her white blouse and tied the parts together to revel her incredible flat stomach. 

"Now, Ken what was it you wanted?" questioned Brooke as she sauntered over to my desk and smiled sweetly. Standing next to my chair, she stood over me, her 5'10" frame an intoxicating vision.

I smiled back at her as I gazed at her emerald eyes and invitingly, pouty lips. "Well, I've been working on this presentation that Mr. Richards gave me and I really need a little break, think you could help me out?"

Brooke smiled at the thought. Her blue eyes, sparkling behind her thin framed glasses as she and I made eye contact. Her eyes bored a hole straight into my soul through my own hazel colored irises.

"I know exactly what would help you get through this," she pronounced seductively shaking her skirt covered ass at me. Placing her glasses gently on the desk she straddled my legs as I sat in my plush office chair. Snaking her thin tanned arms around my neck, I gazed lovingly into her crystal blue eyes and ran my hands through her long blonde mane. She responded by pulling my lips to her own ruby tinted lips and devoured my tongue in a searing kiss that brought my throbbing member to attention.

While kissing Brooke passionately on her hot mouth, my hands brushed over her exceptionally smooth abdomen and held on to her shapely hips, just above her incredibly petite mini-skirt that had always left little to the imagination on just how long her sleek legs were.

Brooke briefly broke our tongue battle and leaned herself back and allowed me to untie her rather short white top that she was wearing to allow me access to her nice small titties. Just perfectly shaped to hold in the palm of my hand. She smiled at my realization that she hadn't worn a bra. She told me once that she liked how her silk blouses felt on her naked tits, and who was I to argue with that, eh? As my hands began to fondle her sweet caramel colored nipples, my sultry secretary began to stroke my emergent erection through my constricting slacks.

We moaned in unison into each other's mouths as we continued our mutual fondling, and as soon as she released my aching prick from the confines of my tight slacks, I started carefully lathering her sweet breasts with my moist tongue. Hearing my married secretary sigh in contentment, along with her excellent handling of my erection was sending me closer and closer to the edge.

Sensing this, like a pro she swiftly released my hardened cock and detached herself from my lap. I was wondering what she was doing, until she folded to her knees before my chair and expertly brought my thick, bloated prick to her glistening rose-colored lips. Smiling knowingly I ran my hands through her bountiful blonde locks and helped guide my prick down into her warm inviting mouth.

"God Brooke," I gasped to my hot blonde secretary as her tongue expertly rolled itself around my bulging dick, "I'm going to come any minute." And as if on cue, my load surged down her gulping throat. Brooke's experience here really paid off as she took all of my hot white cum in one swallow, not spilling even a drop on the office floor. Spent, I leaned back in my chair, panting contentedly for a moment.

"Brooke, you are the best cocksucker I've ever had the pleasure to know. How could I even begin to repay you?"

My lithe secretary quickly rose up and sat her skirt-covered ass down on the edge of my desk, spread her uncovered, tanned legs, and grinned. "Well, you could start by getting me off."

I loved how direct she could be. I grabbed a hold of her slick legs, spread them wide and rubbed my hands slowly up her sweat-covered legs until I reached her short mini-skirt. Reaching underneath her soft skirt I yanked off her black lace panties, which not surprisingly were drenched with her love juices. Brooke leaned back and placed her hands on the edge of my desk as I lowered my tongue into her invitingly saucy slit and began my best to "repay" her with some service of my own.

Holding on tightly to her firm thighs, I dove my tongue into her warm, dripping pussy. She dug her fingers into my short dark hair and moaned loudly as I was licking expertly at her clit. While I lapped up her flowing juices she began rocking back and forth on the desk and my notes and papers for my momentarily forgotten report flew everywhere. We couldn't care less. Brooke was in the midst of an incredible orgasm, and I had my face embedded in the most beautiful, wet, delicious, blonde snatch ever. Add in the fact that she was married and that we could've been caught at any moment, added to the thrill and excitement of it all.

Having my face buried in this sweet, intoxicating cunt quickly reinvigorated my sagging prick. Sensing how close my slutty secretary was to her climax, I drew my face up from her frothy cunt. She glanced swiftly at me trying to comprehend why I would stop just when she was on the verge of an earth shattering orgasm. I then proceeded to lift her ass up off my desk, twisted her gorgeous figure around so that she was bending over my desk, pointing her magnificent ass in my direction. Ripping off her mini I thrust my hardened prick up into her tight velvety cunt. Brooke's sudden gasps and cries at the sudden assault on her wet pussy reverberated around my office, increasing the chances that we would be caught.

My secretary's cunt was amazingly tight on my stabbing cock, especially so for someone married with two young children. I grabbed onto her shapely hips and repeatedly penetrated her warm cunt as she continued to wreck havoc with the papers that I had strewn about my desk, sweat dripping off her glistening body. Her tiny titties rubbed harshly on the hard desk until I grabbed a hold of her them, massaging and tweaking her nipples to the obvious delight of my secretary who moaned her approval.

It wasn't long before I felt a familiar stirring in my loins, and I gasped to Brooke that I was about to cum. She turned her head around, whipping her hair around and to gaze into my eyes and moaned, "Come...in...my...cunt...you...mother...fucker!" I leaned forward and kissed her hard on the mouth as my cum shot through my pussy encased dick, coating the insides of her velvety pussy with my sticky white cum as her cunt gushed and soaked the papers that had fallen to the floor from her gyrations.

Basking in our mutual orgasms, I took her in my arms and held her softly in my lap as I fell back into my chair. The air heavy with the scent from our lovemaking and the desk and chair were coated with a thin sheet of our love-sweat. I kissed her sweat-covered forehead and murmured, "I love you, Brooke." 

Brooke only sighed contently and rose her heart shaped face to mine and kissed me hotly on the mouth. Releasing herself from our embrace and rising from my lap, she smiled warmly at me and replied sadly, "I care about you too Ken, but I couldn't stand to pain Mark by leaving him. Or what that would do to Kristina and Angela, either." I nodded in heartrending understanding, not wanting to hurt any of them either, especially since Mark was an old friend of mine from our college days.

Brooke hurriedly gathered her clothes, which had been strewn haphazardly around my desk during our torrid lovemaking. Quickly dressing she promptly left my office, leaving me with my now shrinking dick to ponder what would become of our relationship. Leaning back in my chair, I suddenly became aware of something that my secretary had forgotten in her rush-her panties, which were still lying on the floor of my office.