 The conference was a rushed affair. As interoffice emails flashed down neatly hid cables the vast majority uttered a mutual groan of despair since the meeting was called late Friday afternoon just minutes away from everyone going home for the weekend. It came about because one of the firm's senior partners had discovered issues with the total number of billing hours the younger associates were reporting. 

"If there is one thing an accounting firm has to get right is its own damn billing practices. Our clients would rightly leave us like rats fleeing a sinking ship if they found out we couldn't get that right. This weekend the section leaders and their immediate assistants will be required to stay and fix everything before we open for business Monday morning. I have complete faith this can be fixed quickly without embarrassing in the firm." The doddering old fossil of Donaldson and Clarke Accounting told the collection of young accountants and their assistants in the overflowing conference room.

Despite his openly pleasant demeanor and calm and at least partly reassuring words everyone knew heads were going to roll once the billing records were straighten out. Samuel Archer took the news in stride, his department, while caught up in the overall sweep was probably in better shape than the others. Most of his people were not the inexperienced kids fresh out of college that the senior partners had took great pains in hiring since the newbies were desperate for a job and would work for peanuts.

Sam was spending the opening minutes of the weekend cluster fuck sitting at his desk printing out all the required spreadsheets that he and his assistant section leader were going to review. At glance at the clock on his wall reminded him that he should call his wife, Bethany. 

"Hey babe," he said after hearing pickup the phone, "got some bad news."

"What might that be lover," she responded. Thoughts of her naked body swirled in Sam's head. They were both in their mid-thirties and without any children. Their entire world revolved around the things they wanted to experience, which outside traveling and the arts was making the most of their adventurous sex lives.

"Well it's too late to call Karen and reschedule," Bethany said in a distracted manner. Sam realized probably working at her own desk filing paperwork that always seemed ready to engulf all the physicians in her medical practice. Karen, was Bethany's old college roommate and former lover that had become their threesome partner when time allowed them to reunite. 

Sam sighed silently at his desk, "Well give her my best and try to think of me while you two are together." Karen had in fact introduced Sam to Bethany and been her maid of honor at the wedding. After becoming engaged, Sam and Bethany decided to hide their unusual sex lives from their families but had to scramble when word inadvertently leaked out that Karen would be joining them during the honeymoon. It was something now the three liked to joke about when Karen could make time to fly out from San Francisco and join them at their Atlanta home. 

Just as Sam was about to say something dirty to his wife is assistant section leader, Pamela Moore walked into his office. "Alright babe I've got to go, Pam just walked in and just maybe there is a chance we can finish and I can make it home in time to say hi to Karen."

Pamela Moore walked towards his desk carrying her own set of printouts and CD's holding megabytes of information on the various businesses their team kept the books on. She was in her early thirties, blond with a body that Sam had occasionally wondered about as they performed their daily workday duties. Not that would ever try anything with her, Bethany and him had an open marriage but it was all done above board. Plus, there was the fact that not only was Pam a practicing Christian and took a dim view on all the office antics that the kept the firm's gossip grapevine busy, but she was usually wound up far too tightly to even have a basic personality. 

"Hi Pammy," Sam said, "you can put all that stuff on the table next the wall."

Pam barely nodded before dumping all the printouts and CD's on the folding table Sam had the office manager bring before going home. 

"You okay, Pam?" Sam asked motioning her to sit down in the other office chair he also had them bring up. Wearing a simple casual but conservative blue dress, Pam looked both tired and frustrated. 

"Yes Sam," she said almost plopping into the ergonomically designed seat. "It's just that Mike and I had plans this weekend and now he's mad."

"Oh, I'm sorry Pammy." Sam said inwardly cringing at the thought of her husband Mike. The guy was a massive egotistical blowhard who at times openly treated Pam like crap, especially during things like the firm's Christmas party and Fourth of July picnics. Mike's father was the owner of several local car dealerships, a situation which had propelled Mike straight to a manager's spot after returning home from college.

"Well if its any consolation, Pam, I don't think we're in as much trouble was others. If we get started now we might be able to salvage Sunday." With that the two began to systematically organize their information and begin reviewing the files.

Five hours later the lights of Atlanta shown through the thick glass windows. Donaldson and Clarke took up four floors of the massive Royal Green Tower leaving those working through the weekend greatly spread out giving the impression they were almost alone. Being ten stories up, Sam and Pamela would occasionally take small breaks and look down at all the people going about their lives. By this time, Sam's office looked as if a tornado with obsessive-compulsive neatness tendencies had blown through. Spreadsheets were taking up every available inch of floor space with Sam and Pamela at the desk squeezed close together staring at their respective laptops.

"That's it," Pamela said pushing her chair away from the desk, "I've got to take a break. I've got a huge headache and my back is hurting."

"No problem," Sam said, "lets walk down to the break room and grab some of the goodies our benevolent overlords left for their slaves." Pamela laughed, a little too strong at his remark, but got up and joined him to walk out of the office. 

To Pamela the corridors seemed to be deserted with only a few janitors going about their rounds. As they strolled, Sam and her did the usual small talk when they turned the corner and walked into the break room. Consisting of several lunch tables and chairs, along with commercial grade microwaves and three large refrigerators the break room also boasted a carpeted floor, overstuffed easy chairs, and two couches so the staff could relax. 

The two ignored all that and went straight for the table where several trays of sandwiches, cookies, and coolers of cold drinks had long since been left. Sam noticed Pamela attacked the tray of sandwiches, eating several before stopping to breath again.

"I hope none of these items have spoiled," Pamela said grabbing a bottle of flavored water.

"They're fine," Sam said eating one himself, "the caterer probably used meats with enough preservatives that the leftovers will still good Monday morning." It was then that Sam saw Pamela take a bite out of a cookie that he was hit with the urge to kiss her lips. He shook it off, instead thinking of Bethany and Karen back home and how he wanted to be there in the middle of the two.

Minutes passed and Pamela showed no sign of wanting to return to the office and restart the process of reviewing files. She grabbed a plate, stacked it high with sandwiches and sat down at one of the lunch tables. Sam had figured the weekend was a wash so he grabbed a soda and sat down across from Pam. 

The two talked about favorite vacations spots until Pam cringed in pain. "Your back again?" Sam asked setting his can down on the table.

"Yeah, its all the tension here at work and my husband." Pam said using her own hands to rub the back of her neck. I can barely stand the pain in my head and back.

"Well, you're not doing any good like that," Sam said, "but I'll understand if you say no but I was a masseuse while in college and I know a few tricks that could make the pain go away for awhile."

Pamela looked at her coworkers dubiously, Sam didn't seem the type to take advantage for the situation and she sure could use some relief. "Okay, what should I do?" she asked with uncertainty invading her voice.

Sam jumped up and grabbed a pillow off one of the couches and place it on the table in front of Pam. "Just lay your head on the pillow and try to get comfortable," he said moving to stand behind her.

When Sam finally laid his hands on Pam's neck he immediately felt the tension in her muscles. His massage started slow and gentle moving from her neck to shoulders. As he proceeded his pressure increased until he felt Pam begin to relax. From there he moved down her back using the simple techniques that he hoped she would think were attempts to take advantage of her. The very fact that she had allowed this simple massage was testament to the pain she was feeling.

Sam never would have admitted it but he was quite a good masseuse and knew numerous techniques not just to relieve pain but give considerable pleasure. That being said, he also knew when the person receiving the massage was getting more than relief from pain. Sam could feel Pam's body responding in ways that he didn't intend but he didn't stop, if anything he increased the pressure until she let out a low moan. 

"Oh my God, Sam," Pam said as he kept kneading the muscles of her upper back, "this is helping so much."

"I can do more," he found himself saying, "will that be alright?" Sam felt his own desire building, Pamela was an attractive woman and he had to admit he was quite frustrated that his own weekend plans had been canceled because of the firm's billing issues. If he went against his better judgment and seduced Pamela he had to take this cautiously. 

"Okay," Pam answered with a wavering uncertainty.

Sam moved his hands down to the midpoint of her back and began concentrating on muscles and even nerves that most of the time would cause the recipient to become totally relaxed and possibly aroused. Pam said nothing as his hands spread out to the sides of her body massaging muscles that caused her breathing quicken. Just a couple of minutes and almost on schedule Pamela began let loose a moan that clearly shown she had orgasmed.

"What did you do to me Sam?" Pamela asked sitting up looking slightly scared. 

"Do you feel any better?" Sam asked while not taking his hands off her body.

"Yes," she whispered clearly embarrassed on some level but still not trying to get away.

"Then I'm not done yet," Sam said guiding her head back to the pillow. This time he brazenly unzipped the back for her dress all the way down. 

"Please don't," she whispered, "this is too much."

"Just relax Pam, remember I've done this professionally." Sam felt resistance but his trained hands quickly quieted any physical concerns and when Pamela began to pant he reached up and undid the back of her bra. It loosely dropped a few inches allowing Sam to move his hands forward and massage Pam's breasts.

"I'm married Sam, this is wrong," Pam whispered but doing nothing to move away.

"You're going to have to shed your clothes now Pamela," Sam said grabbing her head causing her to set up. Pamela slightly turned and looked up at the man who taken full control of her body. Sam saw that her eyes were glazed over and he relished the look of complete sexual submission. 

The last time he had seen someone so caught up in pleasure it had been the college girl he and Bethany had met at the airport in San Juan, Puerto Rico. The girl, on her way to the Virgin Islands to meet up with friends for college break, but whose flight was delayed because of weather had thought herself so worldly but quickly succumbed to the mutual attentions of Sam and Bethany. 

That night the girl called her friends and parents saying she was till having problems with the connecting flight and was staying in San Juan with the airline paying the hotel bill. Sam and Bethany played with her for five days before sending her back to school far wiser in the ways of the world.

Sam took Pam's hand and gently made he stand up, her dress and bra hanging loose. Sam had enough experience at this game to know the reason she had come this far so quickly. Pamela's daily stress levels and uptight existence was something no human being could stand for and extended periods without some repercussions. Had Sam not gave in to his own wants, Pamela would have eventually gave in to pills, liquor, or some other guy with an ability to seduce frustrated wives.

Sam didn't want to give Pamela any chance to change her mind, so he took hold of her head and pulled her close to begin kissing her. Her lips were soft and wet and Sam had to remind himself that he needed to stay in control. When the broke away from the kiss, Sam casually brushed Pam's dress aside causing it to fall to her waist. 

Pamela watched herself being stripped naked in the break room not really believing what was happening. This went against her most basic values but she felt powerless to do anything about it. Part of her wanted to run away but Sam had been so gentle but commanding with his every touch revealing a need that had gone unanswered for so long.

"Pam," he whispered in her ear while taking one of her hands, "we need to walk over to the couch." She quietly followed him, her dress still hanging around her hips. At least, Pam thought to herself, he picked up her bra which had fallen to the floor. 

At the couch, Sam pushed her dress past her hips and let it fall to the floor. Now all she was wearing were her panties and shoes. Sam kissed her again and told her to talk off the panties, which she quickly did wanting him to take control of her body again. 

As Sam began removing his own clothes, Pam sat down on the couch kicking her shoes off in the process. She looked at her coworker, marveling at his tight body and growing erection. Pam had known Sam for several years and never once thought of him as anything other than a really nice guy with a beautiful wife. She had also never seen another man's penis and when he stepped out of his underwear it came as a shock even though she was already naked herself.

"Pammy," Sam said holding his penis, "I want you to suck me right now. Can you do this, it will all lead to me making you cum again."

Her husband, Mike, didn't have an adventurous bone in his body when it came to sex. It was the old fashioned, slam-bam with him then turning over and going to sleep once he had done his business. Only rarely did Pamela ever reach orgasm during actual sex, and the special toy she kept to meet her basic needs simply wasn't the same as having a dick inside her. 

Pamela did as she was told and began licking the head of Sam's dick. It aroused her to levels she didn't believe existed to see the head of his penis throbbing. With the instinct of an animal she engulfed his dick with her mouth and began stroking it with her tongue.

"Please me Pammy," Sam said, "I want you to make me cum inside your mouth. And you're going to swallow every bit of my cum."

Pamela stroked his dick faster, wanting to please the man whose simple touch done things to her body Mike had no interest in doing. Right before Sam blew his load into her mouth she felt his body shudder. The taste of his sperm was salty and thick and she didn't like it but the very fact she was doing something that would disgust her husband, and went against her basic values, thrilled her soul. After swallowing everything Pam began licking the residue off his still erect shaft.

"We're not done yet Pammy," Sam said while forcing her on the couch and spreading her legs. Sam kneeled on his knees as she leaned into the back of the couch. Pam caught sight of his black hair and blue eyes before he plowed his face into her pussy. His lips and tongue parting the folds, expertly seeking out her most sensitive spots.

Pamela immediately found herself panting with the moans starting when Sam began slipping two of his fingers insider her. She could feel the orgasm building insider her, but Sam toyed with her body delaying the break in the dam.

"Please stop teasing me," Pamela moaned finding herself unable to move any part of her body, "it's too much."

When Sam finally pushed Pam's body over the edge she about passed out as waves of pleasure engulfed her. For a moment, Pamela felt every part of her being submerged, Sam had conquered her body and mind. The small part of of her mind she still possessed realized there was nothing she wouldn't do for him from now on. 

Sam did give her much time to recover, he lifted her up and guided her over to the arm of the couch. Pamela knew what he wanted and bent over the side lifting her ass into the air. Sam slid his cock inside her pussy and began pounding, the sound of skin slapping skin was almost hypnotic.

Pamela didn't hold back the screams as she felt his throbbing dick inside her and the impact of his ramming on her ass, not that she wanted too, she was being fucked in a way she couldn't have ever imagined.

"Who do you belong to now, Pammy," Sam said in a voice that she had to obey.

"I'm yours body and soul," she gasped, "I'll do anything you want. You are my master." 

Pamela's body spasmed again when she felt Sam blow his load inside her. The warmth spreading like a pleasurable fire. The two collapsed back on the couch for a few minutes with Sam sated and Pamela utter exhausted.

Just as Pamela caught her breath she heard the click of a doorknob. Fear of discovery rushed through mind but she was unable to move to hide.

"Everything okay in here," she heard a voice say. While the couch was turned away from the doorway not allowing her of the other person a direct line of sight, she knew that voice belonged to one of the security guards.

"Yeah Charlie," Sam responded without any fear, "we're just taking a break." 

"Okay Mr. Archer," Charlie said knowing better than to inquire any further, "have a good night."

"Will he tell anyone?" Pamela asked clinging to the man who now possessed her. 

"No, old Charlie has worked here for years. He knows the procedure, its not like we're the first people to ever do something like this."

Pamela took Sam's word and tried to snuggle closer to him. She could feel his cum slowly bleeding out of her pussy. It did occur to her that she hadn't been on birth control for months as her and Mike tried to conceive another baby. That was a possible problem for another day. Eventually the two retrieved their clothes and got dressed. There was still work to be done but Sam made sure Pamela understood this was not the last time the two would have such an encounter. 

A few hours later and back in Sam's office their review of accounts assigned to them over, the two now taking time picking up all the printouts off the floor and storing them in cardboard boxes. Across the street from the Royal Green Tower was the Blackamoor Hotel and the two planned on having breakfast in the restaurant. But first, Pamela retreated to the ladies restroom to cleanup. Sam used that moment alone to call his wife.

"Hey lover," his wife said groggily, "how did it go last night?"

"Oh excellent," he said, "how were things between you and Karen, did you two miss me?"

"Definitely, Karen said it wasn't the same with you not here."

"Karen still leaving this afternoon?" Sam asked.

"Yeah why? You think you might be home in time to see her?"

"No, not this time. But it looks like I won the office prize for working this weekend. In fact, I remember you saying something about we need a new threesome partner since Karen has such a hard time coming back east."
