 (As requested, here's part two. Do enjoy, I hope this posts as several pages, but if not I do apologize for it seems I am still working on grasping how to make this technique occur.)

*

Mike followed her out of the restaurant. He loved the way that Sara swayed her hips as she walked. It was so enticing and it made him want to follow her even more. Her hips seemed to sway to the beat of a song, a tango perhaps. Everything about her just seemed to ooze sensuality. He could tell that he wasn't the only feeling the hypnotic effects she gave off. A man entering the restaurant held the door for both of them as she went to open it. He even held it for Mike as he walked out following her and the man's gaze followed Sara as she sashayed out to the parking lot. Mike told her to follow him to his house. He had a Cheshire cat type grin as he mentioned something about having to make a quick stop on his way home. She watched him slip into his 1973 Mustang convertible. It was the same color as her top, cherry red. 

Now under most circumstances she wouldn't have even noticed something like a guy's car. But this time it just made him more of a mystery that she had to further research. She would have never picked him out to be one of the hotrod types. Sara also had a convertible, she had a 1973 ice blue Volkswagen beetle. Her father was a mechanic and had instilled in her an appreciation for classic cars. She pampered her car. It was evident that Mike felt the same way about his car. She could see it shine in the sun as she followed him. He pulled into the Whole Foods and Sara parked right next to him. She rolled down her window and he told her to wait for him while he ran into the store for a few things he needed. She laughed and watched him walk into the store her eyes trained on his ass the whole way. She sat in her car listening to the radio thinking of the things that he might do to her soon.

Mike's first stop was to the florist department. He got a bouquet of a dozen yellow roses. He put the bouquet in his basket and picked up a box of strawberries from the fruit section and a bag of red apples. He also purchased a bottle of chocolate syrup and a bottle of caramel syrup. He also bought a bottle of fine champagne. He glanced at his watch standing in line and tried to get the cashier to hurry as his purchases were bagged. He smiled as he carried the bags of groceries and the bouquet out to the car. He flourished the bouquet in Sara's direction, presenting it to her as if he were a magician. She was very surprised by his gesture. He opened his car and put the bags in the passenger seat. Then he fired up his engine and backed out. Mike led the way to his place as Sara followed him. He just adored Sara's bug. It was so cute. They both had their tops down with the wind blowing through their hair. He never thought she knew anything about cars. He hadn't written her off as a dumb blonde, but certainly didn't realize she was a car person. 

Once they parked in the parking lot in front of his condominium, Sara got out of her car and walked to Mike's car. She offered to carry a bag of groceries in for him. She had the bouquet and her purse in one hand. Mike smiled and gave her the bag of chocolate and caramel syrup to carry. He opened the door and she followed him inside. "This is it, home sweet home," Mike told her. The kitchen was large, spacious, and newly furnished. It seemed like it got lots of use. Sara loved the kitchen. Something about a kitchen can give you insight to a person. He got a vase out of the pantry in the kitchen and poured water in it and Sara handed him the flowers. 

He cut them under the cold water and poured a package of flower fresh inside. "My! You're full of surprises today," Sara exclaimed. She started to arrange the flowers as Mike started to take the stems off of the strawberries after he rinsed them. He scooted over and gave Sara some room and a knife and watched her slice the apples. He got two bowls and filled one with the chocolate and the other with caramel. He drizzled some chocolate onto his index finger and playfully offered it to Sara. Sara flicked her tongue out and wrapped it around his finger. 

He knew that he wanted to try that tongue out definitely. Her mouth was so hot and wet. It made his cock hard already having his finger in her mouth. He couldn't wait to feel it wrapped around his cock. He gave her the grand tour of his condominium. It was awfully elegant. It sure surpassed Sara's expectations. The dining room had a lovely walnut table and chairs seating seven. There was a lovely crystal chandelier lighting the dining room. His living room had a black leather sofa and love seat with two leather ottomans and there was a big screen flat plasma television hanging on the wall opposite and a sound system in a cabinet underneath. The coffee table had several remote controls on it. He liked electronics it seemed. She could also tell that he was very detail oriented. 

She turned the radio on and started to do a strip tease for him. She shimmied out of her shorts. She grasped her shorts in her toes and then tossed it onto the coffee table with some skill. Sara was only dressed in her cherry red top now. She scampered out of the living room and her laughter echoed down the hallway. She was going to figure out where the bedroom was. He took off down the hall following her. She figured it had to be behind one of these doors. She opened the closet door to discover and washer and dryer. Then she opened the spare bedroom and found a bowflex workout machine and a punching bag and a small alter with a few katana blades on it and some other oriental looking weaponry on it. She turned to face him her interest definitely peaked in what she had found. "Oh so you work out do you now?," she asked her eyebrows raised slightly. 

He nodded and took her hand and guided her to the bedroom. "I think this is what you were looking for honey," he intoned. She took a quick glance inside as the door swung open. Inside was a large four poster bed, it was giant, California king size, she suspected. There were two bedside tables and another large flat screen on the wall the bed was facing and another entertainment center. She could also see the master bathroom, at least the gigantic sunken tub with spigots shaped like swans. 

This wasn't what she expected, not at all. She slithered onto the satin sheets crawling to the front of the bed. Then she turned and sat indian style facing him. She curled her finger in that come- hither motion and patted the bed beside her. "C'mere Tiger," she said in a husky sexy voice. He smiled and stripped down to his boxer shorts. He slipped onto the bed barely making a sound. He slid both of his hands under her shirt. His palms cupped her breasts. He felt them in his hands. He was methodical it was almost like he was weighing them. She looked up at him her eyes filled with desire. The fleshy pads of his thumbs began to strum over her nipples. Then in one swift move he stripped her of her top. He lit a candle that was on the bedside table. Then he bent his head down and started to suckle her right nipple. His teeth nipped at her and she groaned softly. He bent his head and suckled and nipped at her left nipple. They were soon both as hard as erasers. She sighed with pleasure. He then took the candle and poured a bit of wax over each nipple, making a wax cap for each one of them. She gasped and squirmed at the feel of the hot wax. It aroused her and made her blood boil even more. The candle then dripped down her stomach. It made a small lake in her belly button as it dripped over her soft curves. He slowly dripped little rivulets down her thighs. She yelped playfully, "Oh stop stop, don't burn the kitty!" 

He roared a feral growl and his head slipped in between her legs as his body moved down the bed. His fingers kneaded the flesh of her thighs like soft pliable dough. His hands spread her thighs and he patted his shoulders. She obliged and placed her thighs one on each shoulder. She spread herself open to him like a flower. Opening like the roses that he had presented her with earlier. His fingers traced her outer lips. His tongue then began to trace those lips. He could already taste her on his lips. He placed his face against her for a moment and inhaled. He deeply inhaled her musky scent. He brushed his nose up against her clit. She could feel it slip from it's hiding place. His lips started to gently kiss and caress it. He gently clasped her clit in between his teeth, gently nibbling on it. He placed two fingers inside of her. She could hear how wet she was when he pushed them inside of her. He began to imitate the come hither motion that she gave him earlier. He pushed his fingers deep inside of her and his tongue started to draw the alphabet over her clit. He took his time slowly drawing each letter over her soft rose bud. It made her quiver in delight. She just began to stream out her pleasure over his face. It took him off guard for a moment. Then he started to drink her like a bee drinking nectar from a flower. Her thighs quivered and shook as he continued to lick her. She just kept calling out his name, over and over. "Mike, Mike, Please fuck me, oh Please put yourself inside of me!" 

He chided her playfully, "I'll do that once you get on your hands and knees my dear." That was all it took for Sara to assume the position. She immediately followed his request and pushed her ass up in the air as Mike pushed a pillow under her abdomen. He pushed the full hilt of his sword into her wet cavern. She pushed back against him with each stroke. He savored the feeling of being inside her. He had wanted to do this with her since the first time he'd laid eyes on her. He playfully gave her bottom a few smacks as he drove himself into her. Each time he pushed himself inside of her she seemed to tighten more. "Sara, oh yes you little slut, milk me, drain me, that's it, cum for me," he encouraged her. He reached around and began to rub her clit. She ground against him urging him on. He turned her over in one smooth movement while still inside of her. Now he was on top of her and looking down into her eyes. "I want to see the look in your eyes as you orgasm." She grinned and traced the curves of her body as her fingers took the place of his. She rubbed and stroked at her clit. She felt such intense pleasure just course through her body. "I want to sample all of your pleasures, sweetness," he exclaimed. 

Sara smiled to herself. "You want my ass don't you?" She playfully pushed him off of her and then got back on her hands and knees. She pushed her ass up in the air and wiggled it back and forth. "Come and take it then Mikey," was her response. He took out a bottle of astroglide the drawer of his bedside table and dripped it over her puckered asshole. This is definitely what he had dreamed about. He started to push himself into her ass. For a moment he had to stop because he felt he would cum that instant. He took a deep breath and then finished pushing his entire length into her ass. Good lord, no woman had ever been able to fit his entire length inside of her. He reached over and strummed her clit like he was playing a guitar. He felt her gush into the palm of his hand. He started to pummel her ass over and over. He began to feel a bit of sweat trickle from his brow. 

He just could no longer stand it. "Oh Sara, Cum with me now," he groaned. With those words he spurted his seed deep inside of her ass. He felt her gush puddle after puddle into his palm as he continued to strum on her clit. Then he collapsed alongside of her. 

She turned to him and gave him a soft tender kiss on the mouth. She then whispered to him "I'm glad I made the first move."