 This is a follow up of my first submission, "Her Awakened Desire".




She awoke with a start. Damn these dreams. She had been plagued by the memory of that night. It had been weeks and the memory of him, of his touch, was burned into her very soul. No matter how hard she tried, she could not shake the hold that he still had on her.

She knew that it was useless to try to sleep anymore. Today was going to be another one of those days. To top everything off, she had a meeting with the corporate office advisers to discuss company policies and procedures. She might as well get up and get ready. 

*****

She walked into her office and was greeted by her secretary.

"Good morning!! Everything is ready and in the conference room for the meeting. I just wanted to let you know that one of the advisers came in early to meet with you beforehand. He will be up in a few minutes." 

She thanked her secretary and made her way to her office. Hopefully she had time to gather some things together before she had to meet with him. After a few minutes her secretary brought her coffee and told her that the adviser had arrived.

"Thank you, please show him in. Hold my calls and visitors until we are finished."

She had her back turned toward the door when he entered.

"Please have a seat. I will be with you in just a moment" she said.

When she received no response, she turned around. She suddenly felt very faint. He was here, in her office. Surely she was hallucinating. All of the memories and dreams flashed through her mind and she could feel the rush of heat flood her face. He was leaning against the closed door. Damn, no one should look that good. He was dressed in a dark charcoal suit that was tailored perfectly to his muscular body. He looked like he should be on the cover of GQ. She could do nothing but stare at him. 

He just stood there, drinking in the sight of her. She was more beautiful than he remembered. She had her chestnut locks spiraling down her back. Her dress caressed her body in all the right places. He had thought of nothing else but her and the night that he had spent ravishing her body. Just thinking of crushing her against his body was enough to get him hard. Today was going to be a very good day.

"It's very good to see you. How have you been lately?" By the look on her face, he knew exactly how she had been.

" I've been fine, thank you. How can I help you?"

"I was hoping to pick up where we left off a few weeks ago," he said as he locked her door behind him.

He sauntered over toward her languidly. No, it was happening all over again. She had to do something, anything, to keep him from getting to her.

"I'm sorry that is not an option. This will be nothing more than a meeting between professional," she said defiantly.

He clicked his tongue and smirked at her words. The closer he got, the further she backed away from him. She was stopped by her desk and he was in front of her in an instant. He brought his hand up to her flushed face and caressed her lightly. Her breathing quickened at his touch. She closed her eyes and leaned into his hand. He closed the gap between their bodies and placed a soft kiss on her mouth.

"Please don't do this to me again," she said after breaking the embrace.

He placed his hand on the small of her back and pulled her up against his hardened body. She could feel his erection through the thin material of her dress. His response was to thread his fingers in her hair and pull her back to his waiting mouth. He kissed and nipped at her lips with his teeth until she opened for him. 

"You taste even better than I remember," he said between the small kisses that he placed along her neck and shoulder.

He grazed his hand down her arm to her heaving chest. She moaned against his ear; it felt so good. It was better than the dreams that plagued her at night. He pushed his knee in between her thighs and pushed them apart.

"Please don't do this. Not here." But he ignored her. He moved his hand down her side and hips. Slowly he inched her dress up to her waist. The desire that he ignited within her kept her from stopping him. No matter how hard she tried to convince herself that she didn't want this, she knew it was a lie.

He knelt in front of her and pulled her panties down her legs. She stepped out of them without resistance. He placed light kisses up her thigh, inching his way toward her throbbing cunt. When his lips touched her she leaned back onto her desk and moaned with delight. She spread her legs further to allow him better access to her.

He licked and sucked her mound gently. His inserted his fingers deep within her, never once letting up on her clit. In and out he pushed into her. She weaved her fingers through his hair so she could shove his face harder against her cunt. She was so close to cumming.

"That feels so good. Don't stop." She breathed.

He quickened the pace of his tongue and fingers. Within minutes she was writhing against him and trying not to scream out loud. She was afraid that her secretary would hear. Her orgasm gushed over his face. After the climax subsided, he stood and kissed her gently.

"You taste as sweet as honey," he cooed, making her blush.

She brushed her hands along his cheek and returned his kiss. She pushed him back and knelt in front of him. Unbuckling his belt, she unzipped his pants and pulled his hardened cock from the confining fabric. She glided her hand up and down his swollen shaft. She looked up at him and gave him a crooked little grin. She licked her lips and guided him into her awaiting mouth.

"Mmm," was all he could vocalize as he closed his eyes and placed his hands on the back of her head. He pumped his cock in and out of her mouth, pushing deeper into her throat. He was increasing his pace when her secretary buzzed into her office.

"The other advisers have arrived for the meeting."

She took her mouth off of his throbbing cock to respond to her.

"Show them into the conference room please. Thank you."

She looked up at him and shrugged her shoulders.

"I guess this is over," she stated disappointingly. 

He had pre-cum seeping out of his head. She slide her tongue over the tip and sucked the glistening liquid into her mouth. She stood and he placed his throbbing cock back into his trousers.

"May I please have my panties back?" she asked.

He looked down at the red laced fabric in his hand. Instead of giving them to her, he placed them in his pocket.

"I think I will hold onto these for now," he said wickedly.

He leaned forward and pecked her on the lips. There was nothing she could do about her underwear now. They both exited her office and headed toward the conference room. This was going to be a long meeting for the both of them.

*****

"Is there any unfinished business that we need to take care of before dismissing for the evening?" she asked.

She looked around the room and her eyes settled on the one man that she knew would have unfinished business. The sexual tension had almost been too much to bear throughout the meeting. Every time she looked at him, he looked as though he could devour her at any moment. Just the memory of what they had been doing prior was enough to keep her dripping with wanton desire.

"I just want to thank everyone coming. Please feel free to let me know if there is anything else you can think of. Have a good day." Everyone gathered up their things and began leaving the conference room. She was just about to turn to leave when she heard the door close behind her. She turned to see him striding towards her.

"We have some unfinished business," he growled.

He was on her before she could say or do anything. Their need was something that neither could ignore. Their tongues danced in and out of each others mouths. She tore at his pants with frenzied lust. He lifted the hem of her dress to her waist and sat her on the edge of the conference table. Within seconds he was plunging his cock into her pussy.

He pounded mercilessly in and out of her. Nothing could be heard except for the slapping of his sac against her ass. She clung to him and begged him to give her release.

"Fuck me! Fuck me harder!" she hissed into his ear.

He pushed her back onto the table and lifted her legs onto his shoulders, spreading her out before him. He thrust into to her harder and faster. Neither cared if they could be heard outside the room; nothing matter but the mutual need for release.

As he fucked her, she pinched and played with her clit. Just seeing him shoving his hardened cock into her pussy pushed her closer to the edge of sexual oblivion. She wrapped her legs around him and he lifted her up to his chest.

"Yes! Yes! Right fucking there! I'm cumming!" she screamed against his neck.

Her climax pushed him over the edge. He impaled her hard and shot his load deep within her. The walls of her cunt milked him for all he had. He collapsed into a chair and they clung to each other trying to catch their breath. She didn't have the strength to remove herself from him. So she just sat on top of him, with his cock still throbbing within her.

She lifted her head and looked into his eyes. No words were needed. She leaned forward and gently placed her mouth onto his. Once the embrace was broken, he reached into his pocket and produced her panties.

"I believe these are yours," he said devilishly.

She looked at him and they both burst out laughing.