 "I'll pay you for it," she offered referring to the DVD I owned that she desperately wanted.

"How about a kiss?" I asked.

"OK then."

"OK"

"What? You really want to kiss me?" she asked in disbelief.

"Of course I do," I replied. "I think you're gorgeous."

"OK, if you really want to," she said her eyes sparkling as she smiled with her response.

"Not here though. Somebody might see and we don't want anybody getting jealous. How about in my little cubicle?" I said pointing to the large white wooden construction sitting in the corner of the office. It had been designed to take receipt of the company's computer servers, but at present it stood empty.

"Sure, if you want," she replied with a shrug of her pretty shoulders.

I passed her and moved to the double doors of the cabinet. I could already feel my dick swelling in my pants at the sheer thought of the slight possibility that she actually meant to go through with her offer. I opened the left hand door and stood back to let her pass me. With the sweetest smile she walked towards me, her jet black, bobbed haircut wavering slightly with her movement. Her large brown eyes continued to glisten in the artificial lighting, stirring my excitement even more. I was incredibly coconscious of the bulge in my pants and I desperately hoped that this would go unnoticed with a fear of scaring her away.

As she slipped past me into the walk-in cupboard, I caught a hint of her perfume, an intoxicating aroma. This smell only served to heighten my expectation of the coming event and I realised that I was shaking with excitement. My attraction for Nadia had been an infatuation for years. I had always been interested in her from the start, mainly due to the colour of her hair and its cut. There is just something simply so incredible about gossamer straight and jet black hair and I think its no coincidence that the latest batch of female action ladies have all been styled in this way (Mila Jovovich in Ultravoilet and Charlize Theron in Aeon Flux).

I stared for a second at Nadia's hourglass figure admiring the way in which her hips moved inside her tight black skirt and the slight hint of movement from the sway of her wonderful breasts inside her red blouse. She stopped and turned to face me.

"I'm ready," she announced, her eyes firmly locked on mine. Letting go of the door I took the two steps forwards that were all that were necessary for me to reach her. Immediately I could feel her body heat radiating away from her lovely frame as I reached one arm around her. Placing one hand gently on the small of her back I drew her closer. As soon as our bodies touched I could feel my manhood harden to full attention and I knew there was simply no way so could miss my erection through my pants which were now brushing up against her. Realising that I best hurry in case she became afraid that I intended more than a kiss, I cocked my head slightly to one side. Reflexively she copied my motion moving her head to the opposite side as we neared.

The moment finally arrived, an answer to countless fantasies. With an initial light brush our lips touched. Barely an instant later and we were fully embraced in a deep and utterly intoxicating first kiss. My senses reeled. Her soft moist lips a heavenly drug, dragging me deeper down by the second. Subconsciously my hand holding her back drew her closer into my embrace whilst my other arm moved of its own accord to encircle her. My hands came together around her hot warm back and I pulled her even tighter. Her reply was a simple deepening of her kiss, her mouth opening to allow her tongue to come seeking mine. Our passion rose and I could feel her hands questing round my own body.

My eyes were closed now, my entire world focused on the sensation of Nadia's kiss fully in my mind. On a distant level I could feel her hands tracing the outline of my buttocks through my trousers. This was simply too good an opportunity to miss and reflectively my own hands which were cupping Nadia towards me, started to seek lower. They moved on without interruption. We had now broken our first kiss only to withdraw slightly for a quick reposition before sinking back into a new second, tongue on tongue affair. I could feel the firm roundness of Nadia's large wide bum cheeks through the thin fabric of her skirt. Just noticeable also was the slight press of her panty edging creating a wonderful imagery of how her underwear must be stretched over her delicious buttocks.

Her hands continuing to explore my lower body, their hold becoming stronger by the second as her own excitement rose. I could now easily feel the soft roundness of her perfect breasts pushed up as they were against my body. Instinctively my hands rose around her body seeking them out and within moments I was cupping her gorgeous tits with my fingers. She let out a low groan at this which simply drove me on. I could feel her hardened nipples straining through her bra and I ached to place them one at a time in my mouth and taste her flesh on my tongue.

Almost as if reading my mind she pushed my body away from hers, not breaking our current full on kiss. With this new space she fumbled at my shirt top, desperately trying to undo them one at a time. I needed no encouragement and within moments I was mirroring her actions and undoing her blouse with trembling digits. By sheer coincidence we reach the final stage at the same moment. Nadia was yanking out the remainder of my blue shirt from the confines of my pants whilst her own red blouse was now snagged on her arms. As my shirt dropped to the floor she relinquished her hold on me long enough to let go of her top. I stared unashamedly at the sight of her exposed ample cleavage, her large supple breasts held firm by her white bra. She caught my gaze and leaned forwards to reengage me with a new wet kiss. I could sense her hands around her back undoing the clasp that held her underwear together. A quick twitch of her body and then her hands were around mine, guiding them back up her chest. 

The warm heat of her skin rose up through mine as she allowed my hands to settle down on her exposed tits. They were, needless to say, everything I had every fantasized about. Firm, round, perfectly formed and then my fingers reached her nipples. I felt ready to explode in my pants as I gingerly caressed her hardened buds, cupping my hands around the base of her breasts at the same time. Her embrace was wonderfully tight, my rock hard dick straining from my pants as the sheer thought of having her pussy so close. 

I could control myself no longer. I broke my contact with her wonderful lips and began a succession of quick kisses along her slender neck. A quick seductive play around her lower left ear lobe and then I started downwards. I didn't even register my progress. All that I could think of was my overwhelming need to place one of her nipples in my mouth so I could suckle on its sweet shape. Her left breast rose up to meet me, my tongue caressing its warm flesh as I sunk lower and then finally there it was. Her left nipple was deliciously erect, surrounded by a dark brown welt of encircling darker skin. 

I didn't hesitate. My tongue skipped around the base of her nipple for the slightest of moments before my lips formed an embracing kiss to her tit. Moving her hardened flesh into my mouth I probed around her protuberance with my questing tongue. Her moan of desire reached my ears which served only to fuel my own mad desire for her body. Quickly I switched to her other breast, my mouth seeking out her right nipple before sinking it into my mouth. My hands were still caressing her breasts, gentle and sensitive, feeding back every second of delight to my fevered brain. I had never had experienced such an intense desire, an almost burning passion to experience every facet of this woman's sexuality before need became relief and the moment passed.

Nadia obviously felt the same way. My pants had mysteriously left my lower body without me having even noticed. Now Nadia was tugging on my boxer shorts and with a rush of cold air around my private parts I realised she had succeeded in removing them. Before I had any chance to respond with a similar attack on her skirt and panties, she was pushing me away. I tried to resist, not wanting to give up my hold on her gorgeous tits. She was too strong in her passion and she broke away. To my utmost delight I was rewarded by her next action as she sunk downwards, her mouth seeking out my erect manhood.

Nadia's lips brushed against the tip of my knob, her wet tongue teasing the skin around it with quick licks. Another longer lick followed, this time running up and down the shaft of my penis. A warm hand cupped my balls and started to gentle massage them whilst her hot mouth encased my dick. Lower and lower she sank easing the long protuberance of my erect manhood further and further into her mouth. Every facet of my mind was now focused on the intense thrill Nadia was giving me. Her tongue played expertly around my cock delivering maximum pleasure. I groaned with desire. It was taking an incredible amount of control on my part not to simply explode in her mouth although the idea was incredible tempting. Knowing full well if I let her continue her administrations to my aching dick, then the end would arrive way too quickly.

With gentle but firm hands I pulled her away from my groin. Her eyes were shut tight her expression that of total bliss. She resisted my attempt to move her for the briefest of seconds when she must have realised that there could only be one good reason for disturbing her blow job. She rose up to meet me her eyes now locked on mine. Unfortunately I was too busy taking in the sight of her bare chest once again and the perfect formation of her incredible breasts. She needed little encouragement to escape from her skirt and within seconds her white panties were sliding down her slender legs.

Now Nadia was naked. Between her legs lay the triangular shape of her black haired pussy running downwards to the groove of her pussy lips. I pulled her tight my hands now free to run over the bare flesh of her round bum cheeks. Her posterior was perfect in form; toned and firm. One hand slipped around to her front and quickly discovered her pussy. A gentle motion downwards and her clit was between my fingers. I gave it a gentle fondle enjoying her body's response before probing lower and sinking one finger into the warm wetness of her love hole. She groaned low and primeval her mouth once again finding mind. I could taste myself upon her lips but this was forgotten as she pulled me into a long drawn out tongue to tongue kiss. My finger was still inside her body tracing gently the interior of her pussy. This woman was simply perfect and now I could stand it no longer. I really, really needed to fuck her.

I withdrew my hand from her dampness and pulled her lower body closer. We were both seeking union now. On my own behalf I couldn't wait to slide my rock hardness into the damp hole between her legs. She obviously felt the same way and within seconds it happened. A moment's hesitation as the end of my dick pushed towards her pussy lips and then I was in. The hot wetness of her pussy enveloped my dick and my world exploded in almost orgasmic bliss. Already I was pumping away sliding my cock up and down inside her love palace. Her breath was hot and ragged on my neck as she broke away from our kiss and focused instead on the sensation coming from between her legs. Faster and faster now, I simply couldn't help myself. I was drowning in a need of desire! Nadia's sex was filling every recess of my mind and soul. Her soft panting in my ear was like a heavenly chorus leading me on. I simply couldn't hold back any longer.

My world exploded in a white blinding orgasmic relief and for a second I floated outside of myself in a world composed entirely of bliss. Returning to my body I gasped in air and fought to regain control. Nadia was still lost in her own place of fantasy, her eyes shut tight as she continued to ride my cock. Barely a moment later and her body convulsed with pleasure as she reached her own orgasm. Now with our moment spent we continued to hold onto one another for support. 

The sweet taste of her sweat was upon my mouth as I gently kissed the warmth of her neck. I didn't want to let go. In fact all I wanted was to fuck Nadia once again and then again and again. I was more than willing to wait until my body was ready but she had other ideas. She withdrew away from me, my cock slipping out of her wet pussy and into the cold office air. I could feel the tenseness in the space between us and I realised it was her guilt. In the heat of the moment we had both forgotten our partners. She was married, her guilt remarkably more so although I doubted my girlfriend would agree. I fumbled for my pants no longer sure of my actions. We both quickly dressed and with no more than a fumbled 'goodbye' Nadia fled my office.