 Fury finished tapping on a PADD and sat it down as he accessed the main computer core, he watched the information running up the screen for a moment then rubbed his eyes. Six hours of fleet coordination had worn on his mind, making him "desk numb" as many fleet officers called it.

He glanced up to the door as it opened and smiled as he saw Karli there, leaning back in his chair he said, "Benefit of working late number one..fine company after hours".

She strolled in, already out of uniform and smiling broadly. "I couldn't let you just sit here and fry your brain completely..." Karli perched on one hip on the desk across from him and peered at his stack of work. "Though if you're -really- busy, I can come back later..." she looked up at him through lowered lashes and smiled suggestively.

He smiled up to her, letting his gaze travel the length of her body and finally settling on her eyes, he shook his head lightly, "No, that wont do..", he looked down the length of her body, "..'cause I've got immediate plans for you".

She slipped off the desk and slowly walked around one end towards him, trailing one hand along the edge, "What...exactly...did you have in mind?"

He grinned as he turned his chair to face her, "At the moment?", his gaze rested on her hips, "I've got a long list..".

She eyed his muscular frame, looking deceptively relaxed and still as he leaned backwards in his office chair. Karli thought through a few possible ways to get those muscles flexing...and her eyes twinkled mischievously. His veiled offer was enough of an invitation for her. "Computer, lock the doors to this office and mute the chime."

The computer chirped in compliance, and Karli drew closer to him, nearly within arm's reach. Her hands went to the line of buttons down the front of her shirt and slowly started to unhook them, all the while holding his gaze with a spreading smile.

He grinned as she locked the doors then held a subdued smile as he watched her unhook her buttons. Just having her alone in a room was enough to make him want to ravage her but he controlled himself and watched her, admiring her form and absorbing he sexiness of the situation.

She finished unbuttoning her shirt and threw it backwards, drawing it down her arms until it fell to the floor. Then she reach up behind her and unlatched her bra, soon letting that fall to the floor as well, and revealing her round, buoyant breasts and slightly hardened nipples.

"Was this anywhere on your list...?" she asked, as she took a half step forward and laid a hand on one arm of his chair.

He smiled as he looked at her bare chest and nodded, "This was at the top of my list actually.." he said as he admired her form. Her toned shoulders and athletic mid rift perfectly accented her firm round breasts and their hardening nipples. She was immediately arousing, just seeing her was enough to excite him but the moment she showed him even a portion of flesh that was supposed to be covered by clothing, he became intoxicated by the thought of bedding her.

His gaze traveled from her breasts down to her hips and legs then back up again as his imagination and desire combined, driving his lust for her higher. He looked from her hard nipples up to her full lips and shivered almost imperceptibly, "..yep.." he said as he looked her over again, "..definitely at the top of my list..".

"Hmmm...I see." She turned away from him and quickly slid out of her shoes before undoing the clasp of her pants and slowly easing them down past the firm, round muscles of her ass. Bending over slightly to pull them down far enough to step out of, she turned back to face him with just a thong's worth of material left on her body. Then she leaned forward, bracing herself against the arms of his chair so that she commanded his full view. "I'm glad to hear you have your priorities straight."

He watched her as she turned around, his eyes drinking in her presence and stopping as they locked with hers..her body was perfect, her presence was intoxicating but her eyes; her eyes held the reflection of his own wanton lust. It was all he could do to keep from grabbing her, clear his desk top and take her right there but he wanted to see where she was going, "..and your priorities?" he asked.

"All you..." she leaned closer and pressed her lips against his, lightly at first, teasingly. One hand trailed up the chair arm and ended up flat on his chest, and the other wandered to the fastener on his pants. She kissed him with increasing earnestness as she worked the zipper down and slid her hand inside.

He returned her kiss, pressing his lips to her a little more forcefully as he felt her working at his zipper, he growled deep in his throat as he felt her slip her hand in his pants and in response, he began kissing her passionately.

She soon found what she was looking for, and gently worked his stiffening cock out from the restraining cloth. She bit playfully at his lower lip as her hand stroked slowly around the base of his shaft.

He smiled into her lips as she pulled him from his pants then moaned softly as she began stroking him. It only took a moment before he started to swell with passion for her and his kisses became more urgent at the sensation of her hand on him and her body hovering over him.

She loved the feel of him slowly hardening in her hand, and the increasing intensity of his kisses gave her confidence. But it was not enough...she wanted to taste him. Pressing her hand against his chest, she pulled her lips away and squatted down between his legs. She smiled playfully up at him for a moment, her hand still wrapped around his base against his pants, before giving the head of his penis a light kiss and gentle flick with her tongue, then looking up again to gauge his reaction.

He watched her closely and felt himself harden with anticipation as she squatted down between his legs. Smiling broadly to her as her lips hovered near him then as she kissed him, flicking her tongue out, he tensed and closed his eyes for a moment in pleasure. He bit his lower lip and opened his eyes, looking down at her with passion as a hand reached out and brushed the back of his fingers against her cheek.

Encouraged, she touched the head to her lips again and slowly spread them as she brought the tip of his cock into her mouth, and slowly drew it out again. She repeated this several times, taking more of him in her mouth each time, and using her hand to grip and stroke the base.

When she reached a point where her lips met the top of her fist as it sat curled around his shaft, she drew him out again and moved her lips to the underside of his cock. She traced along the sensitive bottom side with her tongue from base to tip, and then lowered her mouth onto him again.

He inhaled sharply as she put her mouth on him and he closed his eyes as his head laid back on the chair. Feeling her take him deeper in her mouth, he looked down to her and watched her work, narrowing his eyes with ecstasy and desire.

The urge to touch her was over powering and as she licked him from base to tip, he slid a hand onto the back of her neck and rested it there, not pushing or pulling but simply resting. His breath came in short gasps through half parted lips as she worked over his length and each time her lips touched her fist, his abdomen would tense with pleasure.

Her slow warmup done, and his length lubricated, she began taking his cock in and out of her mouth with some speed. As she did, she slid her free hand up under his uniform jacket and felt his abs tense in time with his pleasure. She felt the urge to smile, but had to keep her lips pursed in a perfect 'O' to keep appropriate suction on his shaft.

As she sucked him, she occasionally reached back down into his pants and stroked his balls lightly. After a minute or two of this, as his cock got even harder, she felt herself growing wet and she took the hand from his abs and slid it down into her own panties.

He moaned as she increased her speed and his breathing quickened at the feel of her warm, wet mouth and lips wrapped around him. His hand kept pace with her, never restricting her movements but staying on her neck, a reminder of who was in control. He looked to her hand as she pulled it from his abs, seeing her slide it into her panties brought another moan from him and he began moving his hips in rhythm with her strokes as he watched her.

Sitting up slightly, he pulled his shirt off and tossed it on the deck as he did his best to kick his shoes off without interrupting her rhythm. Once they were off, he put a hand on her head and grabbed a handful of her hair then slowly stopped her from sucking and pulled her mouth from him. The moment her mouth was off of him, he grabbed her wrist and then stood, pulling her to her feet by her wrist and hair.

He pulled her into him forcefully (turning slightly to keep from bending the goods) and held her head at the proper angle as he kissed her deeply, inhaling through his nose and growing even more excited at their mingled scent. She returned his kiss, excited by his sudden takeover, and whimpered with pleasure as his hand tightened it's hold in her hair.

She had taken him to the point of losing self control and it was hard for him to keep from being more aggressive as he released her wrist and used the free hand to start roughly pulling her panties down over her hips. As he bent to work them down, he kissed her and chest then paused to suck on one of her nipples as he finally pushed her panties down to her ankles. Once they were down, he straightened as he pulled on her hair and pushed forward with his body, moving her back to the desk until she was pressed between it and him.

He pressed against her until she had to climb up onto the desk in a sitting position to keep from being pinned and to keep his grip on her hair less forceful as he stepped out of his pants. Standing in front of her, between her legs with his dripping wet cock pressing against her abdomen, he held her by the hair and kissed her passionately.

Her hands flew across his neck, arms, and chest, rubbing and lightly massaging his muscular form as she kissed him back. Her back naturally arched, thrusting her breasts out and her hips towards him even as her thighs tightened around him. His barely controlled desire fed the fire of her own, and she began to moan in a way that made obvious her displeasure at having to wait to have him inside her.

He could sense her urgency and it drove him wild, still holding her by the hair as he kissed her, his free hand reached behind her and swept the PADDs off the desk with a clatter.

Though he was hesitant to break their kiss, he pulled his lips from hers and put a hand on her chest just over the valley of her breasts and pushed her onto her back. Putting his arms on the inside of her legs, he hooked her knees around them and planted both hands on the desk on either side of her hips.

With her legs held up and apart, he moved forward slightly until the head of his cock was pressed against her wet lips. He let one of her legs down as he grabbed the base of his shaft and began slowly rubbing the head on her pussy, pushing into her slightly before rubbing it up onto her clit and then back down as he covered it with her wetness.

She threw one arm over her head and clasped the edge of the desk behind her head to keep her position firm, and she used her other hand to roughly massage one of her own nipples. She spread her legs wide for him as he spread her juices all around, and again moaned with a combination of intense pleasure and impatience each time he teased her wet hole with the tip of his cock.

"Oh gods...fuck me, Martin..." she finally pleaded out loud, her voice heavy with lust.

He smiled down at her, watching her reaction as he pushed the head of his cock into her and then pulled it back out, pausing for a moment before pushing back into her.

His cock swelled as the head penetrated her wet lips and he released its base as he replaced his hand on the desk, holding her legs up and apart for him. Still watching her, he began moving his hips from side to side and worked the head of his cock around inside of her. Then he pushed forward, gently but firmly and slid half his length into her then paused and again moved his hips from side to side, covering himself in her wetness and enjoying the sensations.

She writhed on the desk in half-fulfilled pleasure, and tried to press her hips upwards to take him a little further inside her, but he was determined to tease her slowly, building her anticipation of the full thrust, so the hand on her breast slid down between her legs and began rubbing at her clit. The sensation of his head part way inside her and the juices she was rubbing around her lips drove her breathing quicker and more labored.

He smiled as he looked down and watched her rub herself, her slender fingers helping him work her pussy over as he continued to short stroke her. He looked back up to her face and watched her reactions to the joint stimulation, then seeing and feeling her tensing with pleasure, he pulled his hands off the desk and grabbed her waist. The motion pushed her legs even higher and now with her steadied on the desk, he pushed into her deeper and increased their rhythm. Once her wetness covered his shaft completely, he began driving into her harder and pushing himself in to the hilt; moaning slightly as his balls began to smack her ass.

She held her breath when he finally gave her his full length, and then moaned out her satisfaction as she let it go. Fully focused on the feeling of his cock inside her, she released her fingers from her clit, wet with her own juices, and grasped his thick arm to steady herself. With her legs so high and his hands on her waist she had little control of her own hips but, never one to be a motionless log on the bottom, she used her hold on him and the desk to push and pull herself into his rhythm as much as possible.

The moment he felt her start to push and pull with his rhythm, he increased the pace and force, driving into her deeply and making her tits bounce back and forth with each impact. His eyes roamed over her body, memorizing each curve, each bounce, the feel of her hot, wetness covering him and her abdomen clenching in time with their rhythm.

She briefly closed her eyes and tilted her head backwards, lips parted, as he increased his speed and thereby the frequency with which he was stroking her 'spot'. Then she opened them and met his gaze, wanton and energetic. His body was as hard as his cock, and the site of his muscles flexing turned her on almost as much as the carnal look on his face.

He looked into her eyes, those deep pools of infinity shining with wanton lust for him and he frowned with restraint. Her expression of pleasure mixed with pain lit a fire inside him and the desire he had felt for her earlier, transformed into a raging passion, driving him to take pleasure from her.

He buried his cock in her and held it there, pushing forward with his hips as he pulled her to him and watched her reaction.

She cried out softly as he pushed his cock to the limits of what she could take, and then it died into a whimper. Her legs flexed around him and her pussy throbbed around his cock, hoping to keep him inside her.

Looking down at the tight mounds of her lips wrapped around his cock, he watched as he pulled out of her slowly, marveling in the perfection of her body. The moment he was out of her completely, he straightened from the desk, letting her legs off of his arms before reaching out and grabbing one of her wrists.

He turned and pulled her off the desk as he walked to the view ports, her smaller frame being pulled with him as easily as a bulldozer dragging a rose petal.

She could not have argued anymore than she could have physically resisted. As soon as he was out of her, she was burning with desire to have him inside her again. She would have followed him anywhere.

Stopping a few paces in front of the view ports, he turned and pulled her to him forcefully, spinning her so that her back met his chest and hip as his free hand shot up under her arm and gently found her throat.

He adjusted his stance, pressing his throbbing cock against her hip as the hand on her throat gently but firmly held her in place. He released her wrist and wrapped his arm around her waist, resting his hand on her abdomen..then slowly slid it down to her pussy, his fingers softly brushing across her lips as he tilted his mouth to her shoulder and began kissing her softly.

The view of the stars was astounding, but Karli hardly saw it. Her gaze flickered briefly over the sites of space and found their own dim reflection against the speckled blackness. Seeing his broad shoulders framing her more slender ones, his tatooed arms wrapped around her, and his erectness laying against her side sent a shiver through her as he started to kiss his way along her shoulder.

She laid one arm along his, where Martin's hand delved down to the wetness between her thighs, and the other was drawn toward the stiff flesh, moistened with her own juices, lying against her side. She slowly stroked and gently squeezed it as her hips fought between the desire to press backwards into his groin or forwards into his attentive fingers.

He moaned into her neck as she stroked him and slid his fingers down even further with slow determination. His forefinger and ring finger stayed on her lips as his middle finger slid in between the wet mounds. He ran his fingertip past her clit then gently pulled it back up and across it again as he continued kissing her neck and shoulders softly. His hand moved down again, rubbing his fingertip past her clit and then sliding it into her slightly. His hand moved up and down on her pussy, his middle finger parting her lips and both rubbing her clit and pressing lightly into her.

She leaned her head back against his shoulder and closed her eyes as he kissed on her neck, answering his lustfull noises in kind as he spread and stroked her pussy. Her calves flexed and her heels lifted off the ground as she pushed her hips upwards into his hand. Still clenching at one of his forearms, her other hand gripped more gently at his cock, and ventured further back to fondle his balls.

Feeling her growing even wetter, he growled softly and slowly dragged his fingers from her pussy and again grabbed her wrist, pulling her hand from him as he stepped forward.

Now almost to the view ports, he kissed her just below the ear and whispered, "Bend over" before releasing her wrist and then slowly releasing her throat.

She let out the breath she'd been holding and a lascivious grin drew across her face. She turned her head to show it to him over her shoulder before bending forward as he'd commanded, bracing herself with her hands against the nearly invisible glass pane that separated them from empty space. With her torso supported and her breasts dangling plumply in front of her, she flexed her legs again and rose up on her toes, offering her backside to him.

He grew even harder at sight of her smile and he returned it as she complied with his demands. He looked down at her perfectly shaped ass and muscles in her legs as her posture opened herself up for him then moved forward slightly.

He grabbed her by the hips roughly with one hand as the other grabbed his cock by the base, his desire to take her was raging and without taking the time to re-lubricate with her juices, he pushed the head of his cock into her then grabbed her other hip and drove into her.

The outcry that bounced immediately back at her from the glass was one of pleasant supplication. Her fingers clenched against the viewport and her back arched to put her hips in the best position to receive him.

His hands held her firmly as mooring clamps, both keeping her from being able to pull away and putting her hips at an angle that restricted her ability to straighten up..all she could do was hold herself off the view ports and take his rough attention.
