 Our Christmas party had been on a Friday night. As I'd only been working there since the summer, I agreed to be on the weekend clean-up crew. When the list of volunteers was circulated, my imagination ran wild: Mark had signed up too. 

I'd told my friends about Mark, the silver-haired fox of the office. Elaine and Debbie had laughed at my crush, but it was no joke: Mark's hair was shining silver and he had a tongue to match. He'd flirted with me almost since I walked in the door, compliments coming very easily. It hadn't been long before I'd been imagining gripping his broad shoulders and strong back whilst I lay beneath him. 

Ordinarily, I feel a little guilty fantasizing about older men because they come with the added complications of wives and children. It's hard for me to picture myself with a man who leaves me to go back to his family. With Mark, there was no danger: he'd been divorced for nearly six years by the time we met and his children had shipped off to college. 

The morning of the party, Mark had stopped by my desk. "I saw your name on the list," he said in his rich voice. 

I smiled at him, pretending to ignore the mischief in his eyes. "Yeah, I thought I'd do my part as the new girl, y'know?" 

"Well, when we're done, there'll definitely be a mess needing cleared up." Mark grinned and walked away, leaving me staring at his toned ass. 

The party was something of a blur. I remember several bottles of wine, dancing with a few of the girls and making eyes at Mark. He feigned reluctance when I dragged him onto the makeshift dance floor, but as I started to grind against him, other parts of him showed their interest. My breath hitched as his growing bulge slotted into the groove of my backside. I tried not to think about how short my dress was, or how wet this was making me. By the end of the night, I'd spent most of the party hanging near Mark, listening to every word and generally behaving like a besotted schoolgirl. 

On Saturday morning, I arrived back at the office having taken several painkillers and wearing thick sunglasses. The hangover I was nursing was going to make this tidying up duty an ordeal. I pushed open the door to the office and found a group of five or six co-workers in a similar state. A few half-hearted waves were all any of us could muster. I grabbed a bin bag and made my way around the desks, stuffing in whatever crap had been left. Christmas music floated from somewhere as if trying to cheer us up. 

I was on my knees under a desk reaching for a discarded cup when I heard someone walk up behind me. "Morning," Mark said. I could hear the smirk in his voice. 

I backed up as quickly as I could and stood a moment too soon. The bang of my head on the underside of the desk caused several others to look around. I winced and rubbed my scalp, tussling my long brown hair. "I'm okay," I called to the others before fixing Mark with a half-serious glare. "This hurts," I told him sharply. 

He was staring at my hair. "Is this what you look like when you wake up?" 

"Shut up." I playfully slapped his arm. Hard muscles tensed: my hand lingered a moment too long. I met Mark's eyes, seeing my lust reflected. 

He nodded towards the bag at my feet. "Come on, let's get this place cleared." The promise of focusing on other, more fun activities, afterward went unsaid. 

By mid-afternoon, we'd gotten most of the crap cleared. The office looked vaguely professional once more. Only the Christmas banners strung across the ceiling were left. Mark looked around the office and announced that since there was so little left to do, he'd finish up. "It's Christmas," he told them. "Go see your families." 

None of them needed to be told twice. They were gone in a flash, with one or two winking at him or me. I guess our display last night didn't go unnoticed. 

As soon as we were alone, I crossed to Mark, readying myself for whatever he wanted to do. But when I got within touching distance, he shook his head and pointed to the banners. "We're not done yet." 

I pursed my lips. "You're a goddamn tease." 

He shrugged and clambered atop a desk to reach the tacks holding the banner up. I swallowed my frustration, knowing he was doing everything he could to rile me up. I stood on a chair and stepped onto the desk beside him, striving to not let him win this contest of wills. 

Mark glanced at me, no doubt enjoying the view of my breasts down the neck of my t-shirt. I pointedly ignored him and set to work, pulling at the banner. It came loose from the ceiling tile with no effort, catching me off guard. I stumbled back, and would have fallen off the desk had Mark not stepped behind me and caught my waist. 

My heart hammered, and not from my near-fall. "Thanks," I said, all too aware of his breath on my neck. 

"Anytime," he purred softly, sending a wonderful shudder down my back. He let go and hopped back to the floor. "Needing help down?" he asked, extending a hand. 

I nodded, grasping his hand. His touch sent a jolt through me and I mistimed my jump. I fell against him, his arms enfolding me protectively. I clung to his chest, taking in his cologne and listening to his heart beat matching mine. He wrapped me tightly to him, squeezing my breasts against him. His bulge stirred, pushing into me. My mounting arousal escaped in a soft moan. 

"Are you okay?" he asked in a quiet voice. I lifted my head to him, ready to speak, but he lowered his face to mine. His tongue darted against my lips, which parted of their own accord. I crossed my arms behind his head tried to give myself completely to him. 

Mark's hands slipped from around my body to caress my ass. With a forceful tug, he ground our bodies together. His rock-hard erection rubbed along my thigh. I broke our kiss, panting. He took that moment to kiss and nibble my craning neck. 

I closed my eyes and reached down, stroking him through his pants. He groaned with excitement into my neck. I grabbed his top and hauled it from the waist of his chinos. He lifted his arms, submitting to my undressing him. His body was everything I'd imagined; toned and kept in brilliant condition. I threw his top aside and kissed my way from his neck to his navel. 

He leant against the desk as I unbuckled his belt and pulled his pants down. I'd had an inkling how big he was, but the sight of his exposed member stopped me in my tracks. It wasn't the biggest I'd ever seen, but it was definitely one of the thickest. The tip glistened with his juices, begging to be licked. 

I willingly sank to my knees and took him in my hand. My fingers curled around him, feeling his pulsing veins. I ran a finger lightly along him, enjoying the gasps of pleasure from above me. I teased him as mercilessly as he'd teased me earlier, taking my time. I brought my lips close to his delicious head, but didn't go any further. 

I looked up and grinned impishly. "What do you want me to do with this?" I asked innocently. 

He steadied his breathing and met my eye. "Suck me." 

I pumped him one, twice. "Beg." 

"Please," he said, sounding very pleading. "Please, suck my cock." 

I enveloped him, my tongue cleaning his pre-come and rolling around his sensitive head. The musky smell of him washed over me. He moaned loudly, grabbing my hair and pushing further inside. I bobbed back and forth, synching our rhythm. With one hand I pumped him into my mouth; with the other, I rubbed my throbbing sex through my jeans. 

Mark growled like a wild animal as I nearly gagged on him, choking as much of him into my mouth as I could. I drew back, gasping for air. He lifted me to my feet and tore my t-shirt off. As I unhooked my bra, letting my breasts spill free, he ripped at my jeans, roughly hauling them down to my ankles. I stood panting, the cool air conditioning stiffening my nipples. 

He slipped his hand into my tight shorts, feeling my wetness. I moaned wordlessly as his fingers quested in my moist folds. I hung onto his shoulders, knowing I was close to climax. His fingers disappeared inside me, stretching my walls the way I wanted his manhood to do. With his thumb, he rubbed my nub, driving my under waves of intense sensation. I whimpered and raked his back as my orgasm took me away. 

My knees buckled. Mark helped me lie on the floor, resting my head back against the linoleum. He eased my shorts off and then we were both lying on the office floor as naked as the day we were born. He pushed my legs apart with his knee and held himself over me. 

"Fuck me," I whispered. 

He placed his head at my entrance and inched inside. I sighed with deep satisfaction as his girth stretched me wider than I'd ever been before or since. I could feel every inch of him filling me. I bucked my hips, urging him to quicken his pace. 

He grabbed my wrists and lifted my arms over my head, pulling my breasts higher. As he thrust his hips in time with mine, he took my nipples in his mouth, leaving a slick trail between them. It was incredible! I let out a loud moan, almost a scream. I arched my back, thrusting against him and hooked my legs under his backside. I wasn't delicate or at all lady-like as I urged my second orgasm closer. 

He kissed me, still hammering into my pulsing tunnel. I screamed against his mouth, loving the roughness of his stubble on my cheek. I thrust once, twice more and pushed myself over the blissful edge. 

When I'd caught my breath, Mark pulled his length from me and lay, his chest heaving. A smile crept across his face. "Get up," he ordered, rolling aside. On shuddering legs, I did so. He took my hand and led to me to the nearest chair. He sat down and pulled me to him. 

I straddled him, gasping as his thick rod entered me for a second time. I was so wet there was barely any friction at all. He grabbed my hips and, instead of thrusting into me, used his immense strength to lift and lower me. My eyes rolled back: I'd never been like this before. It was insane, like I was fucking him but he was controlling my movements. 

Whilst he pistoned me on his shaft, he pounded me from below. I focused on every little thing, content to let Mark have his way with me. My sensitive nub burned eagerly, trapped between our writhing bodies. "I'm going to come!" I panted. 

He nodded, unable to speak. My third orgasm caused me to clench down hard on his thickness. That was all he could bear: I fell against him as he released deep inside me with a loud, throaty groan. 

We sat like that for a lifetime, trying to regain our senses, both fighting wonderful sleep. He showered my face with small, delicate kisses. He hooked a wayward lock of hair around my ear. "We should clean up," he whispered. 

I nodded, my head resting on his chest. "Clean up us or clean up the office?" 

He snorted with amusement. "Finish the office and then, if you want, we can grab something to eat at mine." 

I cupped his face and drew him to me. He took my passionate kiss as agreement.