 A Company Offsite Sales and Marketing Confectionary Training Conference

An office romance story that takes place at a conference where a new division is being setup. Appreciate you getting to know the characters. It's a hot love story where co-workers connect for passionate sex.

*

Company Sales and Marketing Conference

Julie J. McKay admitted to herself that she was a bit nervous as she packed her things for the out-of-town trip to a new divisional training meeting. The company's sales and marketing organization had just been reorganized, and she had been given the prestigious position of Director of Field Marketing, thanks in part to her friendship with the new Managing Director for the new division, Scott A. Carrington. Well, really it was more than friendship, although nothing physical had ever happened between them. But both had felt an electric attraction when they first met at a candy convention just over a year earlier. Since then they had talked about their feelings long distance over the phone. Both Scott and Julie worked for a large multinational confectionary company.

The relationship deepened as they discovered a lot of common interests and shared similar experiences. Julie knew that Scott was in a long-term relationship. Well, so was Julie for that matter. But the harmony between them continued to enhance their bond. They had even talked about an affair but were geographically distant, so a rendezvous opportunity never developed.

Then Scott was involved in the project that resulted in a reorganization. During the process, he was sufficiently impressive to land the position of Managing Director for a major portion of the company's overall sales, a coveted position in the organization. As he laid out his organization, he could select managers and choose staff to populate the structure. Julie was one of the first he selected. He appointed her to the new position of Director of Trade Marketing -- Field Sales.

Julie was thrilled to have been included in the organization and was delighted with her new salary. She knew that Scott had been very influential in bringing this about for her and she was grateful but Julie also recognized that there had to be a change in their relationship now. Before, distance had kept them from getting together. Now Scott's position would allow him to travel with her to call on important customers together. Julie was afraid to let their relationship grow and become physical. She was also afraid not to.

When the training for her new role was scheduled, Julie knew that she would be facing a major decision. She wasn't that concerned about straying from her boyfriend, although she had never done that before. She recognized that she and her boyfriend, Steve, had drifted apart emotionally. Oh, they still made love regularly, albeit somewhat mechanically. Still, Julie had several other concerns that made her reluctant to encourage Scott. Deep down, Julie knew she had a high sex drive that was not currently be satisfied. 

First, she didn't want to impact Scott's relationship. She had learned that he had a delightful longtime girlfriend. Julie simply did not want to destroy their relationship. Second, she didn't want to feel obligated to make love to Scott because of what he had done for her. She wanted to earn her position, not be awarded it because of sexual favors. Third, Julie wasn't sure it was a good idea to become involved with someone who was her new boss. What would happen if something went awry in the relationship? After all, if Scott put her in the position, he could also take her out. She wasn't sure she was ready or willing to put either of them into that predicament. Julie felt that she just wasn't ready for the complications that could be caused by their involvement.

The biggest problem Julie struggled with was that she really liked Scott and did want a relationship with him. She also knew that this three-day training meeting would present the perfect opportunity for the two of them to get together because Scott had arranged for her to have her own room in the hotel. 

Most of the other attendees were doubling up to conserve costs. Scott, of course, would also have a private room due to his position.

So, Julie finished packing and tried to calm her nerves. Finally, the time came to head to the airport. Her boyfriend, Steve, drove her to the terminal and helped her check in her bags. They kissed tenderly, Julie noticed and then Steve drove off while Julie headed to security.

Several hours later, Julie arrived at the hotel late in the morning. She greeted some of the other participants arriving from around the region. She saw co-workers that she hadn't seen for some time and met others that she had talked to over the phone but never met in person. She checked into her room and picked up her meeting packet with the agenda. The first session was scheduled for 1 pm. With breaks, it would last until 5:30. Dinner was scheduled for 6 and a reception at 7. Sessions for the next two days would run from 8:30 am through 5:30, with breaks and lunch thrown in. The meetings would break up at 3 on the final day to allow everyone time to get to the airport for travel that evening. Julie would depart the morning after, since there was no late flight to her hometown. So, she would spend a total of four nights. She knew that was plenty of time to get in trouble and that realization increased her resolve to avoid any involvement with Scott.

Julie checked herself in the mirror, applied fresh makeup and headed down to get lunch. In the restaurant, she met up with several co-workers and they all got a table together. The group setting helped to take her mind off her predicament. As lunch ended, she noticed a tall handsome figure moving toward the cashier to check out. She recognized him as another co-worker, Dan Larson. Julie realized that he must be here to participate in the meetings. He was also being reassigned to this new organization, assisting in financial reporting but he had gained some additional responsibilities in the restructuring. Julie felt a sense of relief that Dan was here since they had worked together for the last few years. Perhaps, she thought, he would be a diversion which would afford her some shelter from involvement with Scott.

After lunch, she headed with her table mates toward the meeting rooms. There she looked for a seat near where Dan was sitting. Dan was an imposing, dark haired, athletic-looking guy of Irish descent. A lot of the women in the organization swooned over him in secrecy but he had always been respectful to Julie and she felt that he appreciated her work. She relaxed with him nearby and could concentrate on the business at hand. Secretly Dan had a deep fascination with Julie but she was unaware of it.

Julie saw Scott as he took his place at the head of the room. He didn't look in her direction but he did scan the room. The meeting opened with several preliminary house-keeping announcements and then a representative from the Human Resources department described the new structure and provided some of the rationale behind the decision to make the change. All in all, it seemed like a positive move and it certainly opened up some opportunities for people, including Julie. She began to appreciate the situation a little more.

During the scheduled break, Scott walked up to Julie. "Hello, Julie. It's really good to see you," he greeted her gently.

Julie responded with a faint smile and mumbled something back to him. Her nervousness returned as she felt the pull of his charm. The attraction was still there. Alarm bells went off inside her head and she realized she needed to be very careful. They chatted for a few moments, keeping things all business as others approached and involved themselves in the conversation, wanting to be near the new boss.

After the break, it was Scott's turn to speak. He got up to polite applause and addressed the audience. He sparkled, peppering his comments with humor. He painted a compelling and enticing picture of the opportunities afforded by the new organizational structure for their company. As he moved through his presentation, the audience response grew more enthusiastic. Julie was swept up in the excitement and comprehended that she was succumbing to his charm. He was effective, very effective. Her appreciation for him grew and she realized what a great favor he had done for her by including her in the structure and ensuring that she received an above-average salary.

As the presentation concluded, she joined in the animated applause. Her feelings confused her again as she now wanted to run up and hug Scott. Some images of them together from her fantasies resurfaced briefly. Her resolve to avoid him melted a bit and her nervousness over the conflict within her returned. The gathering broke up and everyone headed to a large room where dinner had been set up for the group. Julie started to head towards Scott but then her stomach did a flip-flop. She turned and noticed Dan Larson nearby. She moved quickly over to be near him so she could collect her thoughts and get her feelings back under control.

Scott got a glimpse of Julie before he was surrounded by admiring employee's eager to make a good impression on the boss. He walked into the room with a group who were bent on monopolizing his time and attention. He thought she looked amazing. 

Scott selected a location where he could observe most of the room and then looked around and spotted Julie. He noticed that she was sitting at a table with Dan Larson, among others. From his vantage point, Scott was in a perfect position to watch her during supper, so he did. He admired her exquisite beauty, her gleaming eyes and dazzling smile. About mid-way through the meal, their eyes met. Scott felt a spark of awareness that excited his libido when she smiled at him.

Julie was aware that Scott was watching her. She participated in the conversation at her table and flirted outrageously, especially with Dan. She felt a bit naughty because she knew this would inflame Scott. When she finally met his eyes and held his gaze, she felt the magnetic pull between them. A tingle permeated her body and butterflies fluttered in her stomach. She leaned over and put her hand on Dan's arm, laughing in response to something he said. She averted her gaze from Scott as her body experienced a sensual tremor. Dan felt a flash of emotion jump between them. He glanced over at Julie, interested in her reaction. She flushed with excitement at the nearness of Dan and the attention she had garnered from Scott. The rest of supper passed in a flurry of activity as her feelings became increasingly confused. She needed to get away.

After supper, Julie headed to her room. She wanted to change before the reception and she wanted to get away from everyone and gather her thoughts. Scott saw her leave and tried to catch up with her but she slipped away before he could approach. Things just weren't working out for him.

Up in her room, Julie put on a long, slinky but professional looking dress. On a whim, she changed into G-string black panties. She checked herself in the mirror and left her room for the reception. She liked the way her ass looked in the mirror under the dress, firm and toned. Swimming laps at the gym several days a week had paid off well.

Quite a few male heads turned to follow her as she left the elevator and moved towards the room where the reception was being held. Julie felt a sense of satisfaction as she perceived the attention. When she entered the room, several people waved to her. She moved over towards the drink bar and ordered a Gin and Tonic. She felt she needed a drink to calm her nerves.

It only took a few moments for Scott A. Carrington to locate her. When he approached, she smiled at him uncertainly and complimented him on his presentation. He acknowledged her remark with a nod and a smile and then asked her about herself. Both were a little awkward in this setting. After a few moments of pleasantries, Scott glanced around, making sure no one was within earshot and then he leaned towards he slightly and spoke in a low voice,

"I'd like to see you later." He gazed into her bright, beautiful eyes.

"I don't think that's a good idea," Julie responded, looking back into his bedroom eyes, trying to stiffen her resolve. She felt her firmness falter and looked away.

Scott started to say something else but they were joined by others. The conversation turned to business and shortly, Julie left to get another drink. She was shaking inside and as she left the bartender, she almost bumped into Dan.

"Oops," she giggled enchantingly.

Dan laughed with her and took her arm to steady her. "Let me get one of those and I'll help you," he said.

Julie felt better with Dan nearby. She felt a sense of protection, of security. She relaxed as Dan returned quickly and they moved over to a table at one side of the room, greeting and talking to others along the way. Once at the table Julie relaxed a little more. Some others joined them there and the conversation flowed. Before long, Dan left to get another drink for him and Julie. The reception hour passed quickly. Julie had one more drink before they closed the bar. As the room began to thin out, one of the people at Julie's table suggested that they go to the hotel bar and Dan agreed. Julie protested at first but eventually acquiesced and went along with the group.

In the bar, Dan ordered another Gin and Tonic for Julie. Before long, she noticed that Scott had come into the vicinity. Dan also noticed and waved him over. Scott slipped into the booth opposite Dan and Julie and looked into Julie's eyes. Julie taunted him with her eyes and then averted her gaze. Immediately she wondered why she had done that. She realized that it gave her a sense of power to tantalize Scott while she felt protected by Dan.

She was not surprised when Scott ordered a Grey Goose lemon drop martini as it was his favorite drink. The conversation around the table was light. Humor began to dominate the conversation. Both Scott and Dan had everyone in stitches as they regaled them with a variety of stories. Julie giggled and laughed heartily. She consumed her drink, then another. She relaxed towards Scott, smiling at him. He was charming, so very charming and she remembered why she was attracted to him. It was his bedroom eyes.

It grew later and finally everyone realized they had to break up the fun and get some sleep so they could function tomorrow. As everyone got up, Scott tried to get next to Julie but she avoided him and hung onto Dan's' arm to steady herself. She giggled unsteadily as the room seemed to sway around her. They made it to the elevators and got on. Julie asked someone to punch the 8th floor. Scott pressed the 8 button, then the 10 button, his floor. He knew that he couldn't get off on Julie's floor with so many people around but he asked her,

"Do you need help getting to your room, Julie?"

By this time Julie was leaning against Dan as the movement of the elevator had altered her equilibrium. Dan responded for her,

"I'll help her. I'm on the same floor."

There wasn't much Scott could say, so he just watched the pair get off on the 8th floor. Julie leaned heavily against Dan as they navigated the hallway to her room. Dan asked her for her keycard and she produced it. He took it and asked her for her room number so he'd know where to take her. When they made it to her room, he opened the door and guided her in. The door closed behind them as she staggered toward the bed.

"There," he said as she collapsed on the bed and rolled over on her back with a wicked smile playing about her lips.

"I'm smashed. Wow those Gin and Tonics did number on me" she slurred.

"That's obvious," Dan replied, grinning. He stood next to the bed admiring the blond beauty stretched out there.

Julie's arms were spread wide, her legs very slightly parted. She looked up at her protector and flashed an enticing smile. "Thank you for helping me," she said softly.

Dan leaned down close to her face. "You're welcome," he said. "It's my pleasure." He put one knee on the bed. "You are so very beautiful."

Julie broadened her smile, enjoying the attention. "Thank you," she responded.

He moved closer until his lips brushed hers. They locked in a kiss and soon their tongues were darting about, engaging in sensual contact. Her brain was trying to formulate a protest but all she could do was moan softly as she enjoyed the tenderness of the kiss.

Dan shifted slightly and covered a breast with his hand as the kiss turned more passionate. Julie moved her arms, intending to remove his hand but instead she locked her arms about his neck. The passion strengthened and her breathing rate increased. His hands grew more active as he fumbled with the fasteners holding her dress together. As he struggled with her garment, the kiss broke and he focused his attention on freeing the clasps.

"W-what are you doing?" Julie asked incredulously.

"I'm helping you get undressed," Dan explained.

"Oh," Julie replied, as she moved so he could work more easily.

Soon he had the dress unfastened. She lifted her arms to allow him to slip the dress off her shoulders. Her arms dropped back down to the bed as he tugged the dress down to expose her lacy bra. She lifted her buttocks off the bed, helping him as he pulled the garment down her body. He edged it past her hips and gathered it at her knees. She dropped her body back on the bed and raised her legs in the air so he could completely free her from the dress and slip. He tossed it across the room as he stared at her delectable body, clad only in her bra and the G-string panties she had donned earlier. Dan licked his lips as he gazed upon the luscious lady on the bed. Julie rolled her hips and her knees moved together. Dan returned his hands to Julie's breasts. He massaged them and tugged at the cloth. He tried to reach behind her and unclasp the bra.

"What are you doing?" Julie asked again.

"I'm just helping you get ready for bed," Dan replied.

"Oh, okay, thanks," Julie giggled and sat up.

Dan reached behind her and quickly unsnapped the bra. She took it off and tossed it away, then flopped back on the bed, giggling, her magnificent breasts exposed to Dan's lecherous gaze.

Dan's hands immediately grabbed her breasts and squeezed her nipples. She moaned and wiggled on the bed. Dan lowered his face to hers and kissed her again. Their tongues tangled and her arms returned to his broad shoulders. He enjoyed the kiss while he played with her incredible breasts. She moaned as excitement surged through her body.

Dan broke off the kiss and began kissing Julie's neck and nibbling on her ear. That sent more chills throughout her body and set her to giggling and wiggling again. He continued kissing down her body until his mouth reached her breasts. There he kissed and suckled those beauties. Meanwhile, his hand traveled down her body, slowly, relentlessly moving towards her treasure, the prize he was after.

He reached the elastic and slipped his hand beneath the cloth. Soon he was at her moist valley, feeling that it was damp with desire. Julie moaned with delight as he played with her pussy. He teased her clit and sent chills of pleasure surging through her body. Julie gasped with pleasure and moved against him. A mini orgasm animated her hips and caused her to undulate beneath his stroking fingers. She panted at the nearness of her explosion.

Suddenly she pushed him away, reached down and in one smooth motion, removed the final garment covering her. She kicked it away and squeezed one knee over in a provocative pose as she rubbed a breast with one hand and inched towards her bush with the other.

Dan jumped up and began tearing at his pants, removing his garments as rapidly as he could. He struggled with his shoes as his pants got tangled at his ankles. He ditched the shirt and tugged at his shoes. Finally, they were off and he discarded his pants. He dropped his shorts and kicked them away. He paused for an instant while she refocused her attention on his equipment. It pleased him that her eyes widened as she comprehended him. He was very proud of his firmness.
