 You sit at your desk, my open door behind you and closed. You are the picture of a demure woman, skirt at the knees, white blouse buttoned up to the neck, blue blazer on top of that. Your hair in a bun on the back of your head and a triple strand of pearls around your neck.

You're typing when you hear me call out.

"Lacey?"

You stand and start to walk to the door.

"Lacey?"

You look at me as you walk into my office.

"Yes Mr. Bouton?"

"Lacey, I need to make sure everything around this office is ready, we have a new client coming in this morning and if we land this account, we'll be set for the last quarter of this fiscal year. You know I'm depending on you to make sure these folks are happy. Coffee, bagels in the conference room, cold water in the fridge, you know the drill."

"Yes Mr. Bouton, I'll take care of everything."

"Good, I knew I could count on you, Lacey, you're very efficient, which is why I hired you.

You turn to leave and I pause for a second to admire the swish of your ass as you leave the room. Your heels are reminiscent of a 40's style shoe, and are very sexy considering that your stockings have the light pattern of flowers climbing up your legs.

I shake my head and get back to work. No time to even think about it, there's way too much prep to get done before the meeting at 10.

The meeting came and went, successful as always and the company would break earning records this year, for sure. Not bad for an indie operation with only 3 people under me. The long work has paid off and now its time to relax a little.

Walking up the hallway, I notice you sitting at your desk. The way you're angled, typing on the computer, I can't help but notice that your legs are slightly spread. The sight before me is incredible, your stockings stop in the middle of your thigh and you're wearing garters under your skirt and your panties are pink and very sheer! I glanced up at you as I walked and you were still typing so I looked again. Your legs closed slowly and as I walked up to your desk, you smiled at me and asked if there was anything else.

"No, its almost lunch, so if you want to go early, go ahead."

"I'll stay around, I have some stuff to take care of."

"Ok, I'm going to head down the street for a little bit, nobody's coming by so I'll lock up on the way out."

As the door locks, you keep typing and working. After about 15 minutes, you stop. You walk up the hallway to the door, making sure it is locked, and walk back to your desk.

Sitting in the chair, you slide up your dress and lean back. The twitch in your pussy has been driving you wild for hours. You're so horny you can't stand it and since you have a little convenient time, you decided to go for it. Leaning your head back, you start to fantasize, fingers unbuttoning your blouse, freeing your breasts from their prison-like bra, exploring your body. Your hands stroke your hard nipples through your blouse and quickly find their way down to your panties. Brushing the sheer silk fabric to the side, you slide your finger into your damp pussy. Your finger strokes your clit and you start to move your hips with the motion. You're so into it, your orgasm is quick. The power of it causes you to shake and you almost knock some of the things off your desk. You take a few moments to compose yourself and straighten up your clothes. A little spray of Febreeze on your chair hides your scent and you retire to the bathroom

to freshen your makeup and make sure everything is as it was before lunch.

Later that afternoon, I stroll back into the office. You greet me warmly and smile as I walk into my office. Sitting down, I boot up my computer, recall a video file and sit silently for a few moments.

"Lacey?"

"Yes, Mr. Bouton?" You reply as you walk into my office.

"Did you have a good lunch?"

"Yes Sir, I did. I got quite a bit taken care of."

I turned the screen around so you could see. "I'm sure you did. I am sorry, but I forgot to tell you about the new security cameras that have been installed in the building."

You watched the screen as you sat at your desk in the lower corner of the video, one leg propped on the seat of your chair, the other on your desk and your hand stroking your clit in a replay of what happened less than an hour ago.

"I want you to know, everything is alright" I said as I stood and unzipped my pants. "You should come over here and take care of things correctly." I pulled out my rock hard cock and motioned for you to come over.

You licked your lips and knelt before me. Taking me in your hands, you stroked me and asked "what about the cameras in here?"

"There aren't any cameras in my office, now suck me."

You lowered your mouth to my cock, teasing me with your tongue. Sliding more and more of me into your mouth, you held my balls in your hand while your lips touched the base of my throbbing cock. Licking and sucking, your head moved back and forth as my hips moved with you, fucking your mouth slowly.

"Damn, baby, I got so hot watching you take care of yourself. I always thought you were a closet freak, but your appearance was very deceiving."

You leaned back and looked up at me while you stroked my cock, "Business is business, fun is fun, I don't mix the two, because I end up wanting more fun!"

"Well, you're going to get more fun from me, that's for sure!" I pulled you up and sat you on the edge of my desk. Pulling my chair up, I sat down and slid your skirt up your thighs.

"Your legs are beautiful, and I know your pussy is nice."

"Taste me and then fuck me, Mr. Bouton."

I pushed aside your sheer pink silk panties and attacked your clit with my tongue. Sliding my fingers inside your already wet pussy, I kept up a steady pace on your hard clit. Sucking and licking you until I felt your thighs tense up. You started to cum on my face as I licked and sucked you. Kissing your throbbing pussy, I tasted the juices flowing from you.

As I stood up, you shed your blazer. I unbuttoned your blouse and pulled your bra down, freeing your wonderful breasts. Kissing and sucking your hard nipples, I couldn't wait to get inside you. Raising up, I noticed your pearls. I slipped them off your slender neck and saw that they were one very long strand of pearls. I sat back down and slid them into your hands.

"Put these inside your pussy and pull them out very slowly for me."

"Mr. Bouton, I've never done anything like that before."

"Do it, I want to watch you pull those sexy white pearls out of your hot pink pussy."

You started slowly putting the yard long strand of pearls into your sweet, wet pussy. Eventually, the whole strand was inside you. Gently, you tugged the strand and it started flowing out of you, one pearl at a time. Angling the strand, you slid each one of those pearls across your pearl of a clit while I pulled and tweaked your hard nipples and played with your beautiful breasts. Before you were even half way through the set, you had your second orgasm. The final pearls brought on your third and you squirted a little as you came.

I stood between your legs and you spread wide for me. I grabbed the sheer fabric of your panties and pulled them, ripping the silk from your pussy. Stroking your still orgasming clit with the head of my throbbing cock, I slid inside you slowly. Your wet, tight pussy taking me deep inside. You moaned even louder as I started fucking you. Deeper and deeper with every stroke. Your hands pulled at your nipples and you lay back on my desk with your mouth open, moans coming every breath. I grabbed your ankles and lifted your legs straight up. As I pounded your tight pussy, my balls slapped against your ass with every stroke. Smacking your ass lightly, I kept fucking you.

"Oh, Mr. Bouton, fuck me harder. I want to explode again."

I couldn't stand it, your words urging me, I wrapped your legs around my waist and grabbed your shoulders as I pounded away at your sopping pussy. The squirting soaked my cock and balls as you exploded again all over me. I was so close to exploding, but I wanted something more from you. Your skirt was bunched around your waist, your panties had ended up on the windowsill, your breasts were heaving as you breathed, your blouse and blazer on the floor on the other side of my desk. You were the image of a freshly fucked woman, but I wasn't done yet. I pulled your mouth to my cock.

"I need to cum now, Lacey."

"Yes Mr. Bouton. I'll be very good and you'll cum very well for me."

Your mouth moved on my cock, but I pulled back. Grabbing your breasts, I slid my cock between them. You rocked back and forth as I slid in and out of your breasts, your own juices sliding all over my cock and your tits. Your mouth opened and took me in when I got close, licking and sucking the swollen, purple head of my cock. I started to explode, the orgasm rushing up from my balls and I pulled from between your breasts. You reached up and stroked me with both hands, watching the head of my cock as the cum spewed out. Gobules and droplets showered your lovely breasts and flew into your mouth. You leaned over and took me in your mouth to suck me dry. My orgasm causing my hips to buck back and forth, you stroked and sucked until I was drained!

We stood and started to get ourselves back together. Watching you lick a particularly large droplet of cum from your nipple, I was aroused again, but there was no time. We had another meeting in 15 minutes, and I needed to get ready.

"I think we need to start taking our lunch together every day, is that alright with you?."

"Yes, Mr. Bouton, whatever you say." You smiled and swayed your sexy ass as you walked back to your desk.

I tucked the still damp and torn silk panties in my pocket, reminding myself to stop by the best store I could find to replace them and to get you some more!