 I probably shouldn't. I probably should focus on the many things that have to be done during the day, but there is something about her. I have never experienced it before with any other. She is no Cindy Crawford, but she ain't hard on the eyes either. The way she moves, the lips, the smile...she is sexy. That is all you can say about her. She sends my mind racing with a million fantasies. Most of them aren't terribly romantic. I have someone for romance. I have someone in my life for sex as well. That is why I probably shouldn't, but perhaps this is the healthiest way to get it out. The easiest way to release the sexual energy she fills in me when she walks by.

Let me start by describing her for you. She is about 5-6, long brown hair, big brown eyes. She has sexy full lips, and nice C-cup breasts. I am not sure of her actual measurements of course. She probably is about 125 pounds. The best part of her is by far her ass. It is so hot...she has such a curvy body. When she walks away from me I can't help but turn my head and get a look at it. Her legs are also quite a sight. They are not very slender...but they are shapely, and they look strong, like she could stand bent over with her legs spread for hours and not get tired. She always dresses very sexy too. Not that she is wearing super revealing clothes, she is staff at the university, but she dresses professional. She has great taste in outfits. She often wears stockings and heels and a skirt that accentuates that ass of hers so nicely. I have never had anyone who, just after getting a glimpse of them, caused me to close my door and start masturbating hard and fast. Her name is Heather. Why hide the names to protect the innocent. There are a lot of Heathers out there anyway.

The first fantasy I want to share is fairly simple, and fairly commonplace. I don't think commonplace is boring. Many people have them, I believe, because they are exciting. Do I have a dominant side? I think I do, but for the right personality I could easily be submissive. Do I want to make this woman submit to me? Sure I do, but there are plenty of other scenarios that I can see where I am not the dominant one. At least not in the sense of being a Master and her being my slave or anything. I can see that I am continuing to digress, so let me start.

It is the end of the work day, 4 PM. I walk over to her office to catch her before she leaves. She is wearing a floral skirt today. The material gently caresses her ass, and her white heels and stockings are in perfect form. She has on a red blouse, and her lipstick still looks very fresh. I talk to her for awhile, intentionally delaying her as the rest of the staff makes their way home. She is sitting at the edge of her desk and I am standing close to her. I can feel her body heat. She looks at me as though she is inviting me. Waiting to be discovered, but requiring a certain amount of boldness before she submits. Without warning I turn away and walk slowly towards the door and shut it. She looks at me, but is not puzzled. She has been expecting it...waiting for it perhaps.

"Heather. It's time. I have been watching you and saying casual hi's and making small talk for far too long. It would be conceited to say that you were teasing me all this time. I think you know the way you make men feel. Since I've known you have always been very sexy to me. From now on, when I feel like having you, I will have you. Do you understand?"

She looks at me with her big brown eyes, "Of course I understand. I have been waiting for someone like you for awhile now. This job, it is so boring. My husband is far away during the workday, and even when I get home he doesn't want to explore me. I am not just talking about my body, but my mind, my desires, my fetishes."

"Personally I don't care if you are getting drilled 3 times a night by your husband. You are going to be my little pet and you are going to do what I say." I speak to her with firmness, but not anger. I put my hand on her shoulder and bring my hand towards the back of her neck and hold her there. I apply pressure upwards and she stands up. "You want to be someone's little pet don't you?"

"Yes I do," she says, speaking softly but confidently.

My cock is hardening and I indulge myself and press the growing bulge in my pants against her hip. "Feel it growing...you have made it grow so many times already. My little pet...I like the sound of that. Now move over there and face the filing cabinet. I want you to put your hands on top of that and bend over a little, sticking that hot butt of yours out."

"Yes sir." She does as she is told and as she sticks her butt out press my crotch against it. Enjoying the sensation, knowing I will be in that warm pussy soon enough. She begins breathing a little louder and she wiggles her ass against what is now a very hard cock inside my pants. "Are you going to fuck me sir?" she asks. 

"Yes, of course I am going to fuck you my pet, but in my own time." I slide my hands up and down her stocking clad thighs until I reach the lacy top...I slowly caress the skin between the top of her stockings and panties. Pure passion and heat is emanating from beneath her skirt. "You see Heather I like to play and tease before I fuck...you don't have a problem with that do you?"

"Yes I do Sir. I don't like to wait. I need cock in me. Please!" she pleaded. Her voice sounded desperate, but you could tell that she knew she was pleading in vain, but also couldn't really help herself from begging.

"I don't like over anxious girls who can't control themselves," I said, "perhaps I should just walk out the door, clearly you are only interested in what you want, and not me."

"No, no, no!!! Please don't go...please...I will be good. I promise. I will wait and do what you say and wait to get fucked like a good girl. It's just that my pussy is getting so hot and wet, and I just love cock so much...please forgive me." 

Her begging, was like music to my ears and I put my hands on her sexy ass...rubbing them. "I am glad you decided to be sensible my pet, because I do want to make you cum hard and many times. It would be such a waste if I had to leave". I slowly started lift her skirt up. She wore a lacy pair of thong panties. "Not very practical underwear for the workplace is it?"

"I hope it pleases you Sir. I only wear them because they are easier to move aside when I want to play with myself in my office. It is also easier to move aside in case someone wants to give me a quick fuck. But so far I have not been so lucky."

"Do you play with yourself often?" I asked.

"Yes Sir, at least twice a day...sometimes more." Her reply was interrupted by soft moans as I continued to massage her ass cheeks.

"Well your luck is about to change, because you will no longer need to play with yourself any longer. In fact you will no longer be allowed to play with yourself. Your orgasms belong to me. You will cum when I say, if I find evidence that you are playing with yourself in your office you won't get anymore cock, and that wouldn't be any fun now would it?" I press the bulge in my pants against her ass.

"Mmmmm....no sir it wouldn't. I will be a good girl for you...I just want cock."

I start to unbutton my shirt and I bend down...and begin licking her ass cheeks...right next to her G-string. Teasing her...her ass is swaying...trembling...she is anticipating. My hands slide up and down the inside of her legs, I crouch down and kiss down the back of her legs...she can lightly feel my kisses through her stockings...my hands sliding back up over her ass. Obediently she keeps her hands on top of the filing cabinet with her ass out...waiting for more stimulation. 

I stand up and remove my clothes...my hard cock waving now in the open air...I sit on the edge of her desk and ask her to strip for me, but tell her to leave her stockings and heels on. I start stroking my cock and she seductively takes off her clothes. Her skirt drops to the floor and she steps out of it and then turns around so her ass is facing me...she bends over and slowly removes her g-string and leans back a little so that her ass rubs against the tip of my hard cock...she stands up and starts to remove her blouse...her pussy glistens wither her juices and she looks so ready for cock, but I make myself wait...pumping my cock a little faster as she begins to remove her bra until her beautiful tits are freed...they are big...natural...and the nipples look so good that I pull her close and begin taking her left nipple into my mouth...sucking on it...biting it a little. 

I tell her, "Get down on your knees now and rub your tits against my cock".

"Yes Sir." she says and obediently gets down and starts pressing her tits against my hard cock. Then she places my cock in between and wraps her tits around it...fucking it...her skin is so soft...she lets some spit fall from her mouth on to my cock making it slicker and fucks my cock faster with her full breasts.

Pre-cum begins to drip from my cock and I take my finger and pick some up and put it on her lips and she licks it up eagerly. She looks at me with sexy eyes and you can tell she is full of desire. Her face seems to first indicate pleasure for doing what she is told and hope that she is doing it well. But behind that I can tell that she just wants to be fucked. 

I decide to give her what she wants and I tell her to bend over her desk...I decide to tease her pussy a little bit first and pretend to miss her soaked pussy...poking her right above and right below her sweet hole. I begin rub the shaft against her while she coos and moans. Pleasure and desperation mixed together in her voice. She whispers under her breath, "Please fuck me".

"What did you say?" I ask.

"Please fuck me." She says louder with more determination.

"I can't hear you. What did you say?"

"Please fuck me Sir! Fuck me hard! Please take me like a slut! "

I slip my cock in her pussy, let it go in deep. Like a wave of pleasure and relief her body shudders and then relaxes as she focuses on making sure her ass is nice and high and sticking up for my cock. Slowly I increase my tempo, rocking back and forth, sliding my hard shaft deep inside her. She is so wet and tight that I feel I could cum anytime I want, but it feels so good that I concentrate so I can keep going. I begin to thrust into her and the sound of my pelvis crashing against her sexy ass is second only to the sounds of her moans that are getting louder. 

As I pound her pussy, she knows she is about to her erupts and desperately asks, "Please Sir, please let me cum!" I give her permission and her orgasm hits her fast and her body quivers and she lets out a loud moan, believing that truly no one is left in the building. She looks so hot bent over in stockings and heels that I take my cock out for a few seconds as she catches her breath, I take in the sight of her beautiful body bent over like a horny little slut. I stick my cock back in and begin pumping hard and fast immediately...knowing that I won't be able to last much longer myself, I try hard to make her cum again before I do. Luckily she is so turned on that it doesn't take too many deep thrusts before she is asking again whether she can cum. After I give her permission she immediately goes over the edge again and she shakes with another orgasm. Feeling my own orgasm coming on I tell her, "Now it is my turn my pet, turn around and get on your knees in front of my cock and open your mouth so you can catch my cum."

"Yes Sir." she replies somewhat out of breath and does as she is told. I hold out just as she open her mouth, but I have been holding off for so long that it spurts out quite far, some landing on her forehead and hair, before the last part of the load lands in her mouth...her face looks so sexy now and she swallows the rest of my cum with a big smile, and then puts my cock back in her mouth so she can suck me dry. After that I give her a big kiss and then put my clothes back on.

Just as I leave her office I say, "Until next time my pet." She gives a sexy smile and I walk out.