 As I rode up in the elevator to Linc's office, I thought about what had just happened. Without any thought what so ever, I'd just fucked Tim, another junior VP, in my office. To make matters more complicated, our boss, Linc, had witnessed the act and now wanted to see me in his office. I knew what was going to happen. At least, I knew how I was going to handle it. As the elevator doors opened, I slowly walked out into the hall. I had put everything back on when I got dressed except for my panties. Now, I could feel my juices slipping from me. When I got to Linc's office, his secretary wasn't there. Knocking on his door, he called me in.

Stepping into Linc's office, I closed and locked the door behind me. Linc is a handsome man, in his late forties. I'd never had any sexual thoughts about him. But then, I'd never thought of Tim that way and I'd just finished fucking him. Linc's eyes moved over me and he smiled. I stood in the middle of his office, waiting.

"Well, I have to admit I was surprised to see what I did see in your office just now. Do you have any explanations?"

I stepped forward, moving around to the side of his desk. 

"No."

Linc looked up at me. I looked down and saw the bulge still sitting in his pants. 

"I'm trying to decide what I should do about you and Tim. That behavior..."

He didn't finish his sentence. Before he could get another word out, I knelt in front of him, unzipped his pants and had his cock in my mouth. Linc moaned. Sliding my mouth down his rock hard cock, I felt my pussy get even wetter - if that was possible. Two cocks in one day. Mmmm. 

Rolling my mouth down around his cock, I sucked him hard and fast. My head bobbed in his lap and he moaned. Linc's hand came up and nestled in my hair, pushing my mouth down around him. My hands were wrapped tight around his shaft, stroking him as I sucked his cock. Wrapping my lips around just the head of his cock, I sucked. Linc grunted. Reaching down under my skirt, I played with my pussy. Slipping my fingers inside myself, I played with my clit and moaned onto Linc's cock. Humming as I sucked, I gave Linc a blow job he wouldn't soon forget.

Bringing my wet fingers up to his cock, I slathered Linc's head with my juices. Linc moaned out an "Oh my god" as I lowered my mouth around him and sucked my own cum from his cock. Over and over again, I lowered my mouth on his tool, pushing until his cock touched the back of my throat. When I couldn't wait anymore and thought he was too close to cumming, I stopped.

Standing in front of him, I reached around and unzipped my skirt, letting it fall to the floor. Linc's eyes went to my naked pussy. Running my hands down and between my legs, I slipped a finger inside myself again. I brought my finger to my mouth and sucked. Lifting one leg up onto his desk, I put my hand behind Linc's head and brought him to my pussy. Linc's mouth covered my wet snatch, licking and sucking. I moaned. I knew I was still full of Tim's cum and that just made it more exciting, and naughty. Linc pulled my pussy lips into his mouth, sucking and nibbling. I was moaning, thrusting my pussy into his face. When I came quickly, I pulled his head back. 

Turning around with my back to him, I reached down and grabbed hold of his still hard cock. Slowly, I guided his cock up into my waiting pussy. As I lowered myself, sitting in reverse on his lap, Linc moaned and grabbed my hips. Pulling me down onto him, his cock filled my pussy. Bracing myself on the chair's arms, I slowly started to fuck Linc. His hands helped me, raising and lowering me onto his cock. We both moaned and grunted. I wasn't sure what kind of stamina he was going to have. I was in for a definite surprise.

Linc reached around me with one hand and found my hard clit. Pushing his finger against it, he fingered me as he fucked me. I was bouncing up and down, begging for him to fuck me harder. I couldn't believe I was cumming again. Linc reached up, grabbed my tits in his hands and held me still as my orgasm subsided. His cock was buried deep inside my tight pussy. He stayed perfectly still. 

After a couple of minutes, when my body had stopped shaking, Linc lifted me up and off his cock. Turning me around to face him, he thrust two fingers deep inside my pussy. I grabbed hold of his shoulders, bracing myself as his finger drove deeper and deeper inside me. I felt yet another orgasm begin and push over me. Linc looked up and told me to suck him again. Dropping to my knees, I took his cock, now wet with my cum, in my mouth. I sucked hard as he thrust his cock deeper and deeper into my mouth. I licked his balls. I sucked his cock. I stroked his shaft. Over and over again, I fucked him with my mouth. He still hadn't cum.

Pulling my mouth off his cock, Linc told me to stand up. I did and waited. He told me to take off the rest of my clothes. I did, tossing them on his desk. when I was naked except for my garters, stockings and heels, Linc smiled. He told me to lay over his desk with my ass in the air. He wanted to fuck me the way he'd watched Tim fuck me. 

Bending over his desk, I spread my legs and begged him to fuck me. Linc guided his cock to my pussy and then stopped. I could just barely feel the tip of his cock against my pussy. He slowly, pushed just the tip inside and then pulled out. He did this five or six times before he finally plunged all the way in my pussy. He moaned out how tight my pussy was as he fucked me. His hands grabbed my waist, holding me and pulling me back to him. With each thrust, he was drilling me deeper and deeper with his cock. I was moaning, telling him how good his cock felt, to fuck me harder. Linc did, fucking me till his balls were slamming against me.

Reaching down underneath me, Linc ran his fingers over my pussy. Slipping them inside next to his cock, he stretched me wider. I came hard on his cock and his fingers. Pulling his fingers free, I expected him to lick them clean. Wrong. I shivered when I felt his wet fingers at my asshole. The tip of his finger slid slowly inside me, stretching me. I knew what was coming next and I braced myself. Linc withdrew his cock from my pussy and pointed it at my tight asshole. As he slowly pushed against me, his phone rang. 

"Answer it."

I reached up, trying to sound normal, and answered the phone. As I told the caller Linc wasn't available, Linc rammed his cock into my tight ass, filling me full. The caller asked if I was alright. I moaned out a yes and then hung up. Linc laughed and fucked me harder. Reaching down, he fingered my pussy as his cock drilled my ass. I felt a continuous roll of orgasms wash over me. I'd never cum so hard or so much in one day. Linc continued to fuck me, pounding his cock in my ass. His fingers spread my pussy as he rubbed my clit. I was groaning, begging for him to cum inside me.

With a hard thrust, Linc grunted and filled my ass. Pulling out, his warm cum shot over my ass. I was breathing hard, totally and completely satiated. Linc sat back in his chair, his cock still dripping. I stood. Pulling me back against him, Linc slowly licked my ass clean. I moaned as his tongue wiped across my ass. As I dressed, Linc readjusted himself into his pants. As I buttoned my blouse, Linc smiled.

"I think the best way to deal with this little situation is for you, Tim and I to sit down and discuss it. Tomorrow, 3:00."

I smiled and walked towards the door. Just as I opened it, Linc had one last comment.

"No panties."

My smile got bigger and my pussy gushed. I couldn't wait until tomorrow.