 I'm on probation in an ad firm, an assistant to its directors, Charlie and Sarah. Charlie is 28, married, 6'4", lean and tanned, strong chin, cute smile, with hair like Hugh Grant's. The minute I laid my eyes on him, I just wanted to fuck his brains out. And that was before I saw him in jeans that stretched tight over the above-average bulge between his legs.

Oh, I'm Honey, single, 36DD-24-36, 24 years old, raven haired, with bee-stung lips and a mouth that's, as one professor said, made for sucking cock. My dancing eyes, pert nose and full lips produce, well, a heady effect on men. I developed an insatiable fuck-appetite at 16, when another cheerleader and I agreed to be broken in by half the soccer team one night. That first experience makes for my bent for getting it hard in all orifices, and for girls too. My libido is so bad that I frig my clit 8 or 10 times a day without fail. Evenings are a different matter -- rarely do I need to masturbate at night since I always have a fuck lined up. Thus, I am always on the look-out for potential lovers, and the more difficult the target, the more my juices flow. I'm always prepared for exposure, my standard dainties being silk suspenders, white lace thongs which just about cover my shaved pussy slit and leave my ass bare, and white lace bras with cups so low that they reveal the beginnings of my aureolas. Yeah, these too are not of the garden variety: they are large and pink-brown, tipped with longish nipples, and the contrast against my fair skin sends guys and gals wild.

It was Charlie who interviewed and hired me. I was wearing a powder pink blouse and a tan short skirt that day. When I roved my eyes over him, my nipples hardened and threatened to pop out over the low bra-cups. Of course he noticed, for even as he'd opened the door, his eyes had latched on to my titty-mountains. However, as the days went by, I came to realise that hubby Charlie was too pussy-whipped to stray. He was always friendly and polite, and stealing longing looks at my boobs -- but that's about all. Which is why my #1 priority in life had become to get him where I wanted -- into my wet cunt.

To tell you the truth, I was making life very hard for Charlie, excuse the pun. See, though I sat in his cabin's reception area, my desk was bang opposite his. When the door to his office was open, as it almost always was, we could see each other. Whenever I felt he was looking, I'd pretend to be busy writing, and let my thighs part and flash him my lace-covered cunny. Then I'd "unconsciously" reach down to my knees with my left hand and scratch at a spot on the inside of my thigh. This made my skirt ride higher and Charlie could see my pussy lips where the narrow, flimsy gosset slid into my shaved, moist slit. And did I yell you, I have the chubbiest mound ever, with fat, glistening lips begging to be chewed. Knowing that he was staring at my damp core would me turn on more, and sure enough, Charlie would soon call me in for some work. When I went to him, I always opened a button or two of my top: I didn't even have to lean forward or anything -- his eyes would always be hungrily at the swollen tops of my boobies. But, he never made a move. Which was frustrating me to no end. I don't really like doing it all alone in the ladies' loo...

One day, I got the chance. It was evening, everybody in the office had already left, and Charlie had to stay back to finish a project. Of course, I also stayed back late. I gave him an hour or so to work and then made my move. I reached inside my blouse and pulled my breasts up till my nipples just peeked over the top of the bra. I poured a 7-Up in two glasses and carried them in...

"You need a break, Charlie. Split a soda with me and take five."

Charlie glanced at me and I could see the effect that my nipples poking through the sheer white silk blouse were having on him. I knew he could see their darkness through the white fabric. No matter how much a man tries, he can never hide the lust that leaps into his eyes... My cunt began to ooze. I handed him a glass and sat down.

"What are you working on? Can I see?"

"Sure", he said.

I went around to the side of his desk, put down my soda and leaned over, giving him a good palooza of my double-Ds. I breathed hard through my nostrils, each breath inflating my breasts and accentuating their rise and fall. As if unconsciously, and for a mere moment, I fingered a spot in my cleavage, just where the swell of my left breast began. I could see from the corner of my eye that Charlie's mouth hung open. He licked his lips as he stared at my exposed flesh. I straightened and picked up my drink. Just as I knew, Charlie was so flustered (I'm sure he was well into an aching boner), that he busied himself with arranging his papers...

I didn't waste a second: Before he could look up, I splashed the soda over the front of my blouse and yelped, "Oh shit, now I'm done for. I didn't even bring a jacket today!"

The wet silk clung to my skin, dipping into the deep valley between my twin mounds, revealing their swollen contours and the details of my now rock-hard nipples. I made like I was brushing off the liquid with my palms. But I did it slowly, over and over again, fluttering over the transparent cloth sticking to my voluptuous front. Charlie's eyes glassed over as he watched me touch my breasts and nipples.

I didn't give him time to think: "Charlie, do you mind if I dry it on the air-vent?"

"N-n-no."

I went to the vent near his window, drew the curtain close, quickly removed my blouse and lay it on the vent. Then I turned around and swayed back, making sure that my tits jiggled with each step. His eyes were rivetted on them and his breath was short. As I got close to Charlie, I looked down and said, "Oh dear. This is a bad bra," and slowly, deliberately, pulled the edges of each cup forward and adjusted my nipples to just under the lacy tops.

Charlie now had the Tower of Eiffel in his pants. I pretended not to notice.

"So, what were you showing me...?" I said and leaned over from a little to the right of Charlie's chair, this time with my nipples at his lip level. As Charlie flustered to open the file again, I stretched out to steady it -- and at the same instant "accidently" brushed the bulging top-swell of my left breast across his cheek. His 5-o'clock shadow grazed my turgid, sensitive flesh and, involuntarily, I took in a sharp breath. The bent position that I was in, my breasts rose, and out popped my straining nipples...

That was the last straw. Before I knew it, Charlie's hands were fondling the sides of my breasts and his mouth was at my left tit, greedily sucking at the hard nipple. A moan escaped his throat and the tent in his trouser visibly jerked. I began to play "shocked-innocent" even as my clitty throbbed like a hammer.

"Charlie! What are you doing?!" He squeezed my breasts harder. "You're married...!"

"You're driving me crazy. I want you", he groaned, and lunged back to suck and lick my tits.

I could feel my cunt juices drip down to mid-thigh.

"This is wrong... but don't stop... squeeze my tits hard, Charlieee..." I moaned with pleasure.

I clamped my fingers in his hair and crushed my boobs against his face. He went wild! His one hand slipped under my bra and fondled and squeezed my right breast hard, while his tongue licked my left breast and his teeth sharply nipped at my nipple. His other hand squeezed the cheeks of my ass. He had talent, this man. I reached behind and unhooked my bra. Swollen as my breasts were, they sprang free with a vengeance, throwing the bra off.

It made Charlie absolutely delirious with hot lust. He didn't seem to know what to do with them! His hands, his face, his mouth, his lips, were all over my breasts, pleasuring me intensely, squeezing, pinching, sucking, flicking, biting. And I responded like my breast was a cock and his mouth a cunt... I pushed myself at him, moaning, "Do me, suck hard, take me all in, baby. Eat me."

I became as frenzied as he was, my clit throbbing insanely. I moved forward and rubbed my cunt on his knee. Charlie squeezed my breasts together and took both nipples into his mouth and sucked hard. The sensation was delicious, as if I was being sucked by two mouths at a time. And then he suddenly bit down on both nipples together. Ahhhhhhhhhhh....... I orgasmed so hard that I tumbled to floor.

After the waves subsided and the roar cleared from my head, I saw that I slumped against Charlie's leg. When I gazed up, my eyes filled with wonder and anticipation: The snake had uncoiled. Charlie's cock was standing hard and erect out of his trousers. I rose up to a kneeling position between his legs and touched the monster... It was huge, 9" at least, 2" thick, and glistening with clear precum. I wanted it to tear at my insides that very minute, but I knew what had really turned Charlie on so much...

I lifted up one breast with my hand, and with the other, took hold of his hot cock and lowered the tip to my breast. I rubbed his piss-hole aginst my nipple, covering it with his juices. Then I did it to other nipple. And then I placed his cock in my deep cleavage and pressed my breasts together tight. Slowly, I moved my torso up and down, my breasts frictioning his cock. Charlie was staring mesmerised at his cock between my jugs. I looked at him, licked my lips, and, bending my head down, took the exposed head of his cock into my mouth. Charlie sank back into the chair with a tortured sigh. I whispered, "Fuck my breasts, Charlie. Please fuck my breasts hard. Don't you like titty-fucking?"

Up jerked Charlie's hips. I began moving my torso to the rhythm of his upward thrusts. Each time his cock emerged for air from between the top of my tits, I took it into my mouth a little more and lashed it with my tongue, swishing the large knob all around my mouth, as my hands furiously manipulated my tits against his cock-skin harder and harder. I flicked my tongue back and forth, mercilessly whipping it over and around his cockhead before I began to suck it.

I was so wet that my juices ran down to my knees. I had to have my cunt hole serviced! I suddenly let go off my breasts, and in the same instant, sucked Charlie's shaft almost completely into my mouth, right down my throat. I frigged the base of his cock with my hands and began sucking really hard. The sudden sensation of tight-wet-damp-hard-suck tipped Charlie over... He caught my head, held it down and thrust his cock deep into my mouth. He pulled it nearly out and rammed it back into my throat... once... twice... thrice... over and over... Charlie was doing what I liked best -- fucking my face. Then his body shook with spasms as he shot a thick, hot load down my throat. I gagged a bit and backed away but continued sucking hard as I reached down and squeezed his balls: Two more glorious bursts of hot cum exploded into my mouth as Charlie writhed in exquisite agony.. I held the cum in my mouth as Charlie removed his cock from the my oralcunt...

But I wasn't over yet. I waited for him to look at me, and then dribbled his cum down my chin and onto my jutting breasts. It dripped in sticky streaks onto my nipples. I licked my lips at Charlie, "Loverboy, rub your hot cum all over my nipples..."

Charlie was so struck that sure enough, his cock began to stir. I knew it would -- this was a pure breast-man; his gizm on my melons got his blood rushing again. I arched my back and offered him my huge cum-covered tits. He began massaging his cum on my swollen globes, while his cock jerked at each moan he drew from me as he pinched my nipples. I reached out and began to jack his cock and purred, "Charlie, I want your cock to fuck my cunt. Mount me like an animal. This slut-whore needs your cock real bad." 

I stood up and unbuttoned my skirt. I slowly pushed it down till the waistband was just below my glistening wet, bald cunt, right at Charlie's eye level. I got his attention. He stared at my fat pussy in awe.

"Jeez, it's so swollen that the lips are pulled apart. I can see your clit, you fucking whore."

His words made my clit tingle and throb; my juices became Niagara Falls. I slid down my skirt, "Mount my cunt with your giant cock," I said.

Charlie pulled me roughly towards him. He kneaded my ass, sliding his fingers up and down my wet crack, and rimming my asshole. As my body twitched with pleasure, he dove for my muff. He licked my pussy lips with his tongue held flat, taking huge slurpy, wet licks over and over the swollen lips, barely touching my clit, till I began screaming, "Fuck me you bastard, fuck me please."

His tongue slid straight into my slit and to my clitty. He lashed it side to side, flicked it up and down and round about, driving me nuts. My orgasm approached, and as my abdomen began to tremble, Charlie pulled me hard and ground his stubbly chin hard into my clit.

"Fuck-bitch if you want my cock in your cunt get down on all fours now."

YESSSSSSSSS....... I screamed as I thrashed in agony and spurted my luv-juice all over his chin and nose as I ground my cunt into his face and barely managed to keep standing.

"Enough rest, slut. Get down on all fours. You have to be mounted like the fuck-whore you are."

Charlie got up and dropped his trousers: His eyes were dilated with lust and his long shaft stuck out like a barge-pole. I wasted no time resting my shoulders on the ground. My ass stuck high up in the air, with my pussy open and throbbing for the welcome invasion.

"That won't do, slut. Rise up so that your tits hang."

I lifted up my torso till my nipples grazed the carpet. Charlie knelt behind me and started rubbing the tip of his monster cock from my clitty to my bung-hole. Every time he passed my cunny, he'd linger at the rim, teasing me, and I'd try to suck his cock into my hungry cunt.

"Please Charlie, stick it inside. Ram me with your cock. Batter my pussy," I groaned.

That was when he abruptly shoved the whole length into my cunt in one go. I screamed with pleasure as his cock filled me. Charlie began to fuck my pussy doggie-style, in and out, with long, hard, ramming strokes. I pushed back onto his cock with all my strength. He held my ass, squeezing it and rubbing his thumbs up and down my crack as his balls slapped against my cunt and his cock pounded my cunt.

"Fuck my pussy, baby, fuck my cunt hard."

Charlie hammered into me and I wiggled my ass, gyrating my cunt around his cock. Charlie reached down grabbed my boobs and began squeezing them hard while he kept ramming into me. I groaned with pleasure and Charlie screamed, "I'm going to cum in your cunt, you slut," and rammed with all his might into me.

I clutched and unclutched his cock with my cunt muscles and Charlie exploded. But he quickly pulled out his cock, threw me down and jerked the rest of the cum on my pussy. My cunt was covered by huge globs of white viscous cum which Charlie began to rub into my swollen pussy. When he touched my clit, my hips arched and I was going over the edge and Charlie cupped my cunt in his hand and pressed and rubbed down harrrrrrrrrrrrrd. I scereamed as I went over the edge, "Charlieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee........"

So that's how I made a naughty boy out of him. We fuck nearly everyday now. But about that, another day....