 My morning had been hectic. One meeting after another and it didn’t look like my afternoon was going to get any better. My poor secretary had been trying to manage things and struggle with a horrible sinus infection. I finally sent her home around noon with instructions to rest and not come back until she was 100% better. That left me essentially on my own. I love my job. And more importantly, I’m good at my job. There are just days that it feels like I’m stuck in the center ring of a three ring circus. Today was one of those days.

Looking at my watch, I realized I had two minutes to get upstairs for my next meeting. Grabbing my suit jacket, I slipped it on as I grabbed my files and headed to the elevator. As I leaned against the back wall and rode up four flights, I slid my hand down the front of my shirt, smoothing it out. I closed my eyes and took a deep breath. My meeting didn’t go the way I would have liked but thank god it only lasted an hour. As I settled back into my office, I tossed my jacket aside and unbuttoned the top two buttons on my silk blouse. No more meetings today.

After twenty minutes of trying to concentrate, I swiveled in my chair to stare out the window. Quiet. I needed a few minutes of quiet. I heard a knock and then my office door opening and closing. I turned just enough to see it was Tim, another junior VP. Tim and I had both been promoted at the same time and had forged a bond. He knew the meeting this afternoon had nailed me so I knew he was here to lend support. I turned back towards the window. I felt Tim’s hand on the back of my chair. 

“Rough meeting. You ok? You did fine in there. It was just your day. It’s already been mine three times.”

Tim was right. We all seemed to take turns being the “bad child” when it came to these budgetary meetings. Next week, it would be someone else.

“I’m good. Just tired. I sent Ann home with a cold earlier and I haven’t had a free moment to think all day. I hate these fuckin days.”

Tim laughed and agreed. He said he knew what would help. I felt his hands on my shoulders, rubbing gently. I closed my eyes and enjoyed the massage.

“You’re too tense. You need to relax, get out more.”

He lectured me as his fingers massaged the tension from my shoulders. I smiled. I hadn’t realized how great Tim’s hands were. We’d been friends for a while but nothing more. As his fingers moved over my shoulders and arms, I felt a stirring of arousal. I also hadn’t been laid in more than three weeks. With my eyes closed, I felt myself relaxing. I also felt Tim’s fingers slide inside the neck of my blouse to rub my bare shoulders. Laughingly he commented about the lack of bra straps on my shoulders.

“Strapless. More comfortable.”

I reached up and unbuttoned another button on my blouse to give him more room to work with. Subconsciously, I probably did it so Tim could have a better look down my blouse. Tim’s fingers were amazing. His touch was firm but not rough. The tips of his fingers were moving lower and lower, stroking down my lower neck. I think we both felt the new tension in the air. I could hear Tim’s breathing getting a little more unsteady and rapid. My panties were already soaking. I unbuttoned another button. There were only three buttons left on my blouse.

Tim’s hands started to move down lower but he stopped, hesitated. Reaching up, I covered his hands with mine and moved them down. His finger tips rested on the top of my breasts.

“I didn’t come in here to take advantage of you. I came in to help you relax.”

Unbuttoning the rest of my blouse, I said lucky for him I need a lot of relaxing. Spreading my blouse open, I game Tim a good look from above of my white strapless bra, barely holding my C-cup breasts. My nipples were hard, pushing against the satin. Tim’s fingers continued their massage over my neck and shoulders and then down to cup my breasts through my bra. I shivered when he slowly pushed his fingers down inside my cups, stroking my nipples. My with eyes closed again, I concentrated on how his fingers felt. The tips were a little rough as they moved up and down over my nipples. My nubs were hard, elongated. He pulled and pinched each one. When he withdrew his hands, I shivered.

Tim moved around in front of me, standing in front of the window. Reaching behind me, I unhooked my bra and tossed it on the floor. His hands reached down to cover my breasts again as he knelt in front of me. When his mouth closed over my nipple, I nearly came. Tim wrapped his lips tight around my right nipple and sucked, pulling my nub into his warm mouth. My office echoed with the sounds of his sucking. As his mouth tortured my tit, his other hand was stroking my left breast. Pushing it up and then releasing it, he squeezed my flesh over and over again. I was moaning. Tim moved his mouth to my other breast, sucking it hard and fast. His hand dropped down and rested on my thigh. Sliding his hand up under my skirt, he moved past my garter and straight for my pussy. When his finger moved up and down over my panties, I nearly shot out of my chair.

Tim’s mouth never left my nipple as his fingers pushed against my panties, rubbing my pussy through them. I was soaking wet. I tried to spread my legs wider but was restricted by Tim and the chair. His finger slipped inside the side of my panties and slid over my wet lips. Moaning, I pushed out at him. It was exquisite torture as the tip of his finger parted my fold and slipped inside my pussy. Slowly, he fingered me, slipping and sliding his finger in and out of my hole. I was moaning. His mouth sucked my other nipple again as he withdrew his finger. When he slid three fingers inside me, I groaned. Twisting his fingers in and out, my pussy clenched and unclenched around him. I felt my orgasm and grasped the arms of my chair. Moaning, I pushed out and came on his fingers. 

Withdrawing his fingers, Tim brought them to his mouth. I watched as he licked and sucked my juices from his amazing fingers. He stood and tried to back away. Reaching out, I grabbed his belt and pulled him towards me. Rubbing my hand up and down his huge bulge, I felt how hard he was. And boy was he a rock! Undoing his pants quickly, I reached in and took his cock in my hand. He was average length but thick. Tim groaned as I slid my hand down his shaft, twisting slightly as I did. The tip of his cock was almost purple as I flicked my tongue across it. I tasted his flavor and moaned. Wrapping my lips around his cock, I sucked slowly. Pushing my mouth down, I twisted my fingers to the base of his cock and then followed my mouth back up. Over and over again, I sucked Tim’s cock, wrapping my lips tighter and tighter around him.

Releasing Tim from my mouth, I held his cock in my hand. Licking the underside, I enjoyed Tim’s shaft as if it was a lollipop. Mmm yummy! Spitting on the tip, I pushed my hand down his shaft again, pumping him. Tim was moaning, pushing his cock into my hands. Leaning down, I pulled his balls into my mouth and sucked. I felt his cock stiffen even harder in my hand. When he started to moan that he was going to cum, I took his cock back in my mouth. I sucked fast and hard, pulling my mouth up and down his cock. Tim moaned and pushed deeper. His cock exploded in my mouth, filling my mouth with his cum. I kept sucking and stroking, swallowing every last drop. 

Licking my lips, I stood up. Tim reached around me and unzipped my skirt. Pushing my chair out of the way, Tim leaned me up against my desk. Tearing my panties down, he tossed them to the side. I was naked except for my garters, stockings and heels. Tim sat me on the edge of my desk. Opening my legs, he stroked my pussy with his fingertips. He smiled and then knelt down in front of me again. This time, it wasn’t his fingers on my pussy. It was his tongue.

I nearly exploded when the tip of his tongue flicked across me. With slow, languid licks, Tim tortured me. His tongue covered my pussy, licking upwards to flick across my clit. Using his fingers to open me wide, he pushed his tongue inside me, slowing inserting and withdrawing the tip of his tongue. I was moaning, rubbing my own tits, begging him to eat me. His mouth covered my pussy, sucking my lips into his mouth. Then, he released me again and went back to licking. Over and over again, he changed actions. I was begging to be fucked. Begging to cum. Tim rubbed just the tip of his finger over the bottom of my pussy as his tongue worked over my clit. My pussy tingled, my orgasm was building. As he pulled my clit into his mouth, sucking hard, and his finger slipped inside me, I came hard, moaning and twisting on my desk. 

Without saying a word, Tim stood, opened my legs wider and rammed his hard again cock deep inside me. I fell back on my desk and begged him to fuck me harder. Tim lifted my legs up over his shoulders, pulling my ass up off the desk, and slammed his cock over and over into me. I came again quickly. Pulling out, Tim lifted me off the desk and turned me over. Setting one knee in my chair, he opened me wide and slid his cock back inside me from behind. I love doggy-style. Tim’s cock filled my pussy as he slammed again and again into me. I grabbed the edge of the desk and looked up. Oh my god!

Standing just inside the door was our boss, Linc. We hadn’t heard the door or Linc come in. Tim hadn’t noticed yet. His cock continued to fuck me, filling me. I felt a rush. I looked at Linc and smiled, licking my lips. I moaned louder as Tim drilled my pussy. Reaching down, I grabbed one of my tits, squeezing it. I looked up and watched Linc. He had a huge hard on in his pants. He didn’t take it out. He just stood and watched. Tim was moaning, ramming his cock harder and harder into me. He pulled out all the way and dropped down to run his tongue over my pussy again. I moaned and pushed back against him. Rising, he slammed his cock into me again. His hands were around my waist, holding me. I felt another orgasm. I looked up at Linc and came watching him. Tim wasn’t far behind. His cock filled my pussy. Pulling out, he again dropped down behind me, licking me. I’d never had a man eat his cum from my pussy. I came again from the sensation. Linc smiled and then slowly withdrew from my office. 

Tim and I stood, kissed and dressed quickly. He returned to his office and I was just settling back into my chair when the phone rang. Linc wanted to see me in his office. I smiled.