 I stood outside Vincent's door, nervous yet excited. I was here for a fuck, nothing else, just a straightforward fuck. We had been exchanging dirty texts, and I mean pure filth, for a couple of months. It had become unbearable. I was so horny, it was hurting!

I was in a sexless marriage and could no longer give myself the pleasure I needed. I longed to feel a man's weight pushing down on me. I needed to feel his breath on my neck and his hands on me. Vincent was the man to do it. Never in a month of Sundays did I think he was at all interested. I was pleasantly surprised when he revealed that he had craved me for over a year.

What started out as a friendly exchange and a little flirty banter, turned into graphic descriptions of what we would do to each other. We often sent them while we worked. He told me that he wanted to taste me now, or take me into a meeting room and fuck me. I'd describe what I would do if I were to crawl under his desk. 

We only sat a few feet apart in our mundane office jobs, so were able to see each other's reaction. It was hell for me. But it was fine for him, since he could just walk off to the bathroom and take care of himself, often sending me pictures halfway through. I had to sit there squirming in my seat until I got home.

We had initially agreed that no cheating would take place. This was just to be a little sexting fun. I was not going to betray my husband, and he did not want to cheat on his fiancée. But, just like mine, his relationship was virtually sex free and dull. This had to be done: I had to fuck Vincent.

My hand trembled slightly as I knocked. I heard the lock turn and the door open. There he stood, barefoot in a pair of jeans and a tight white t-shirt. I instantly felt a pulsing down below. The scum bag! He knew what those t-shirts did to me! They fit perfectly around his amazing, strong arms, biceps straining, his shoulders, his chest. His short, thick black hair was messed up as if he had been sleeping, but it was so sexy. His dark brown eyes penetrated straight through mine.

He whispered, "Hi." He sounded nervous, too.

I smiled shyly, walked in and closed the door behind me. We stood there without speaking for what seemed like an eternity. 

Suddenly our lips were pushing hard against each other. Tongues eagerly exploring each other's mouths. My hand pulled at his hair, bringing him closer to me, as I tasted him. He worked at the buttons on my coat, trying desperately to get it off me. My coat fell to the ground. He continued to grasp at me, but there was nothing to grasp. I had decided that today, clothes were a waste of time, so I had on my best set: black silk with ivory lace, black Cuban heel stockings, suspenders and my work shoes he had often mentioned. He stopped kissing me.

"What the ..?" he sounded confused. Then he noticed. "Fuck!" he gasped.

His lips were on me again in a flash. His tongue flicked at mine, claiming me. My lips hurt, but in a euphoric, sexual way. Without warning he grabbed my ass and lifted me up. 

I threw my legs around his waist to balance myself, and he pushed me against the wall, his hips pinning me, his erection pressing hard against me. He started kissing my neck. That sent signals directly to my throbbing cunt. I was getting so wet. I tilted my head back and gasped for breath. This felt better than I had ever imagined. 

He ran his kisses down my neck and shoulders before stopping in between my breasts, slowly kissing and licking, first left and then back to the right. He bit my right nipple through the material of my bra. Another bolt shot between my legs, which caused me to moan loudly. Then he slowly began to walk. He pushed me against a door to open it, and I realized that we were in the bedroom.

Without breaking the kiss, he put me on my back on the bed. He grabbed my wrists and pushed my hands above my head into the bed. I had to get his jeans off. I pulled away from the kiss, and that made him back off. I released one of my hands and pushed him back. He was now kneeling in front of me. My face was directly in line with what I wanted. I could see it straining against the material of his jeans. I pulled at his button fly. It felt like Christmas! 

I could see a flash of his white boxers. I looked up and he was staring at me, desperate to be released. With a final tug the jeans fell down to his knees. I could almost make out all the details of his cock through the taut material. In one swift move he kicked his jeans off, and jumped on top of me. Now I could feel every inch of him pressed against my thigh. He was so hard. 

Again he was back at my neck. He pulled my hair with his left hand and his right hand was on my hip. Slowly he slid it over my stomach. I felt his other hand moving and his fingers touching my bra. Gently he pushed a finger under the material, followed by another, until his entire hand was in my bra. My nipples immediately elongated and got harder. His touch was gentle, slow and teasing. It felt so good.

He hooked a finger under each side of my knickers and slid them down over my thighs, past my knees and very quickly they were completely off. I felt a bead of moisture escape me. He looked down at me very intensely -- he looked so hot. 

With his hands under me he pulled me forward so my knees were bent, and my pussy slightly lifted from the bed. I knew what was next, and I thought I was going to cum at the thought of it. I had not had a man's tongue there for so long. He slid his tongue along my opening, deliberately pushing a bit harder when it reached my clit. Fuck! I inhaled sharply as he repeated, pushing my clit even harder.

"You taste so good," he whispered.

He forced his tongue inside me. I bit my lip. I must not cum this soon. He slipped a finger inside, followed by another, as he continued to sweep his tongue over and inside, sucking my clit and thrusting his fingers inside me. Then he stopped. 

He pulled away and moved up towards my face. As he kissed me, I could taste myself. He pushed his tongue into my mouth and teased mine. I stretched out my hands, looking for him -- I wanted him, needed him. Instinctively I reached for the waistband of his boxers, but he had already removed them. 

He gasped as my fingers curled around his cock. I slowly slid my hand down, feeling every detail. He had sent me pictures of it before, but now I was getting to know it intimately. I gave a slight push, suggesting him to get up. He moved back and we were kneeling, facing each other as I gently pumped my hand up and down. My other hand reached under his t-shirt and wandered all over his incredible stomach. He had a hairy stomach, but I quite liked that -- so masculine. I reached his chest. I looked up and his head was tilted back, eyes closed. I pulled up his shirt, my face now in line with his chest. I pulled the shirt over his head and then stopped. The material pinned his arms behind his back. He looked at me in confusion.

His mouth opened in a silent laugh. I gave him a nudge and he fell back onto the pillows. He positioned himself so he was lying down, but still could see what I was going to do. I put one leg on either side of his hips and pushed my lips hard to his. He kissed me back. I pulled at his lower lip with my teeth before letting go. 

I kissed his Adam's apple, down to his collarbone. Leaving a trail of kisses and licks all the way to his left nipple, I licked, then blew on it. His body tensed. My kisses continued south, while my right hand reached down and stroked his balls. I moved to his cock, slid along the entire length and back down, pumping slowly as I looked to his face. His eyes were closed and his lips parted. His chest moved as his breathing began to increase. 

I moved between his legs, with my hand still working his cock. I leant forward and kissed just below the navel. As I kissed along to his hip, I could not resist taking a quick bite. My kisses continued down the deep definition of his obliques. I moved closer and closer; I was so close now to my target. His breathing changed in anticipation. I moved to his thigh, kissing and licking, slowly going up. I pushed my tongue firmly under his balls and swept up. His breathing was deep and strong. 

I slid my tongue around the tip, tasting the precum that had developed. Quickly I probed the tip, then around one more time before taking his entire length in my mouth. He gasped and his body tightened. I started moving him in and out of my mouth as one hand stroked him and the other gently caressed his balls. As I sucked, my tongue explored every inch. His cock tasted so good. As I continued, his breathing increased, and I peeked up to see his eyes fixed on mine. I looked back at him for a moment so he could take in what I was doing, before returning to the job in hand. My left hand reached under him and gently pressed the area of skin between his balls and ass. 

He groaned loudly and gasped, "Fuck!"

I slowly let him slip out of my mouth then moved up his body, straddling him. His eyes flickered open to see what was happening, but before he could react, I rubbed the tip of his cock against my wetness. I pushed him inside of me a little, and then out again. I could see him squirm trying to remove the t-shirt that was still restricting him. Slowly I lowered myself on him, taking in every inch. He filled me completely.

He lay back down and watched me move up and down on him. He seemed completely mesmerized. I leaned forward a bit and could feel him hitting my clit. I gasped. My breathing increased. I was so close to cumming but it was too early. I wanted to really enjoy him. Reaching forward, I grabbed him by the shoulders, reached around and pushed the shirt off his arms. We were now in a sitting position facing each other.

He tugged my hair hard to tilt my head back. It hurt, but felt good. He began to kiss my neck, to the small well in my throat, and then my chin, before he was back to my lips. He put his other hand under my ass, guiding me. I wrapped my legs around his waist. Now he was really deep. I heard him moan as he slid further into me. 

"You feel so good" he gasped.

I pulled my legs tightly around him and began to rock back and forth, pushing myself on to him. Now both his hands were on my ass. Again, I was close to cumming, but it was still too soon. I bit my lip to control the moans that were about to escape me.

"I want to hear you," he whispered. "Let go."

I started to fuck him harder. My fingers dug into his shoulders to help me balance. I ran a hand through his hair and caressed his neck. He kissed me fervently, his breathing steadily increasing, small groans of pleasure escaping sporadically.

"It feels so good," he murmured. 

He continued to kiss me, his tongue eagerly probing my mouth. I felt his hand gently stroking my shoulder. His fingers walked down and a bolt of ecstasy throbbed between my legs as his fingers contacted my nipple. He played with it a little, as pulse after pulse hit me straight where mattered. He replaced his fingers with his mouth. I felt the first wave of an orgasm hit me. He moved his hand again. This time it stopped right where I wanted it.

His finger flicked over my clit. I broke away from the kiss momentarily to catch my breath. He forced his lips back on mine as he rubbed over my clit again. 

"Fuck me harder" he sighed, sounding quite demanding.

I moved harder and faster. I could feel a bubble of warm pleasure building inside me. I was so wet; my pussy was pulsing so much. He began to rub me harder. 

"I'm so close...I want to cum deep inside you. Please fuck me hard," he begged breathlessly.

His words intensified my excitement. I moved on him with all my might, grinding my hips into him. I was aware that the moaning from my lips was becoming louder. He kissed my breasts hard and pulled at my nipples with his teeth, causing me to gasp loudly. 

"I'm gonna cum...I'm cumming," he could barely say. "Fuck me...fuck me" he gasped.

I could also feel it coming, as wave after wave of pleasure hit my body. I pulled at his hair as the orgasm took control of me. My body stiffened, then suddenly began to shake and quiver. I never had an orgasm like this before. He shouted out loudly as his orgasm took over him.

"Look at me," he said abruptly, "I want to see you enjoy this."

I opened my eyes. He was staring at me intently, completely out of breath and sweating. God, he looked so good. He thrust hard into me, our bodies quivering together. Every touch sent another shot of orgasm through my body. 

I began to slow down, still staring him straight in the eye. I was so out of breath and so tired. He kissed me again breathlessly, gently, yet still with passion. 

Time seemed to stand still. We had stopped fucking, but he was still inside me. My pussy was throbbing from the afterglow of the orgasm. We stopped kissing, and he rested his forehead against mine.

"Fuck!" was all he could say. He smiled at me, "Fuck!"

I walked through reception at work, through the office, and to my desk. I logged on and got myself set up. An instant message window popped up.

VINCENT: "Morning ;-P"