 Piece of ass isn't just the best way to the describe her, it's really the only way. Especially for my purposes. At 18-years old she had completed her freshman year of college and had been assigned to my department as part of an internship program we participated in to help build our local image. Even though she'd be turning 19 in a few weeks I liked to remind myself that she was the minimum age allowed to be on her knees in front of me, looking up with those gorgeous green eyes, done-up lashes, and a little bit of sparkling eye shadow for extra appeal... with almost my entire cock buried down her throat.

She came back up for a minute, off the thick eight inches before her, and a trail of her saliva connected the tip of my head to her bottom lip. She was wearing that shiny pink lip gloss that I'm sure to girls her age was "cute" but for men my age made her a target to fuck in the mouth. She took a beat too long to get back to work so I wrapped my hand in her light brown hair and pulled her little head forward on to me. She moaned a little and I'm pretty confident it was a mixture of exasperation (the boys her age would've cum by now) and a pleasant feeling of submission to an older man. After she had taken two bobs up-and-down I let my hand relax just a bit and she looked back up at me and winked as she took the whole length down her throat and held it there obediently.

My favorite part of the picture before me was not what you might think. She had a great teenage body. She was 5'4" and I think she was 95 pounds dripping wet, definitely petite. Her thighs looked like she had been a runner in high school, toned and perfect. Cute feet too, not something I usually notice but she was in heels most days and something about the four inch pumps seemed to accentuate her feet in a pretty sexy way. Like the shoes overtook her size and really stood out, she was always wearing something just a bit too sexy for our office environment. 

Her ass was incredible. She had this great curve and shape but it was clearly fucking tight and spank-able. I could tell, with the size of her waist and firm back, that if I bent her over my desk I could hold her down with one hand just above her butt and keep her there for a hard fuck. Her ass was just a little on the tiny side in terms of dimensions but it was this perfect fucking target when she walked around, she almost always had some nice form-fitting pants to show it off. I'm sure if she was in sweat pants or whatever it'd be lost to the world.

Her stomach was ridiculous not much else to say. Flat, toned, but not weird muscle shit like some girls in as good a shape as her. I could tell under her shirts and blouses she had a pierced navel and kept one of those dangles in it. I always thought those looked best when the chick was on all fours getting pounded and the thing just sort of hung under her and moved back and forth like a little thrust meter or something. I'm sure they didn't see it that way but I appreciate the little things. 

Her breasts were just a bit bigger than her frame, also fucking perfect. I'd place an average girl with her frame in the A's or B's and I think she was in the C category for sure, not too far in mind you. Nice handfuls and given her age a bra was pretty much just for show, they clearly stood on their own accord. Cute face. A few freckles below her eyes but she was pretty well tanned all over. Natural glow, not that fake crap or obsessed with tanning clearly. But as I said none of that was my favorite part this second. My favorite part was her lips. Just walking around I'm sure they're nice but they looked best right now. You don't think about it but a girl her size has a proportional mouth, a little on the petite side, and right now her soft teen lips were stretched around my thick cock and I could tell a little chapstick might be in her future to recover from this blowjob. 

With that I sat up from the edge of my desk and put both hands around her head and firmly held her still. She seemed a little taken aback since the previous 10 or 15 minutes had largely been her show, but like a good fucking intern she kept her eyes up at me, a few streaks of the mascara on the edges, as I started thrusting forward and using her mouth to my own content. Now getting a deepthroat, sloppy blowjob is absolutely a great experience; but taking a girls head in your hands and fucking her mouth because it's yours and you can is, in my opinion, pretty much the best feeling on Earth. She took it like a champ. A few of those weird gags where the air comes up in her cheeks and you get a little saliva all over the place but she knew her place in this situation and wrapped her wrists together behind her back and took the dick like a good little piece of ass.

I savored the last few moments of the scene. It was casual Friday and she'd opted for some skin tight lowriders, sexy and dark like she'd be clubbing later tonight. For whatever reason I liked the thick brown belt she had on with them, made her hips look even more slender and fuckable than usual. She tucked in this tight t-shirt shirt made of some stretchy fabric so it clung to her and showed off her taught core and just how big her tits were on her torso. Thing didn't have much in the way of cleavage showing but every guy in the office filled in the blanks I'm sure. She had picked what I would think were the least professional, most "fuck me" shoes since starting here: these purple velvet, five inch, heels with some clearly manicured toes peaking out. The way she walked in those things...fuck...in the caveman days we would've gathered in the break room and pinned her down for a few hours. 

I was 45 and in good shape for my age, not one of those pricks in great shape but I'm sure she wasn't revolted by me. Nor would she have ever sucked my dick if I wasn't in charge of her for one thing and in control of her grade for another. The big reason though for today's encounter was that she needed to use me for a recommendation for a full-time gig in another department, luckily I knew I would soon be promoted to lead that department and she'd be back in my sights. She'd come in to talk about it and you know the drill, "I'll do anything, Mr. Peters." I'm a pretty confident guy and she'd made a few overtures at me before today so I pretty much just said, "Well come over here and get down on your knees, Claire. Not much else to talk about. And the quality of recommendation is going to depend on the quality of your work." 

I thought about having her strip for the event but then I probably would've had to fuck that tight pussy so I held it together and bided my time. After a few more deep thrusts I held her down on my cock and let the storm build up in my sack. I think most guys would've cum down her throat at that point and that's got its merit don't get me wrong, but I pulled her back up and held her with just the tip in her cute little mouth and unloaded maybe a week's worth of hot fucking seed in to that soft teen face, I held her head in place the whole time so she had to take it. Girls her generation... I'm not too worried about a lot of resistance at this point but I like to let them know who's in charge. She even moaned a few times as I filled her up with cum and she also squirmed a little bit in the jaw region, like she was having trouble keeping it all in her mouth.

"Let me see it sweetie." I said and she tilted her back and opened her mouth, she even looked away a little embarrassed I'm sure. She had a nice pool of sticky reward on her tongue. Looked like you could scuba dive in it. 

"Alright swallow it like a good girl." She closed her eyes and drank it all down and when she opened her eyes back up, looking at me she just cutely said, "All gone, sir." It's the 'sir' that makes it art. She knows she's a fun fuck, mouth or otherwise. "How'd I do?"

"Great, just one more thing. Stand up."

She stood up again and I roughly bent her over my desk and took a look at that tight ass in those jeans. I ran my hand up her thigh a second and then cupped her little cheeks pretty much in one hand. 

She giggled a little so I gave her a harder spank than I thought I would when I started. She gave off a little yelp and then turned back to me, with her hands still on my desk, and said, "Am I being punished, sir?"

I smiled a bit, "Maybe later. Get back to work -- I'll make sure your application is well-received." I gave her another firm slap and then brushed her aside, "Clean up before they see you, Claire. You look like somebody just fucked your throat."