 Guys, ever have one of those days. You wake up, a piss hardon is expected, but this erection has to be more because after pissing, the damn thing continues to chub. You stroke your dick during breakfast through your clothes. You see the significant other, first thoughts go to a quick morning fuck, but you know that is not what you need. You want something new, something fresh, something different.

After having just spent the prior late afternoon with my admin, my mind still had not wrapped itself around what the hell was going on. And Dani, the manager of marketing research, my fantasy girl that I expected to seduce day after tomorrow, Saturday in our private work session. My cock grew larger, longer and harder. Damn! I did not need more thoughts to make my desires increase. I had to get to the office. I had to be early. Grabbing a quick few bites, I grabbed the spouse, laid a hard kiss on her lips, squeezed a handful of her sweet ass pulling her firmly against me, and headed out the door. Turning, I saw her hand touching her lips, a puzzled look on her face. "Tonight baby," I growled her way. Her face lit up, I grinned wide, and was in the garage out of sight.

I groaned hard as my cock slid down my left thigh. All I could think about at that moment was getting to the office, finding Kimberly, and face fucking my middle aged admin until I spit cum down her throat. God I was a horny bastard. I needed a cum receptacle. And this morning, Kimberly was going to be it. My cock continued to throb all the way to the office. I was in bad shape, cum overflowing in my balls. Rushing to the office, Kimberly was at her desk as I blew in.

"Kimberly," I whispered as I passed her and headed into my office. She followed quickly. "Please," I said as I turned to her. Without hesitating even a split second, Kimberly turned, closed my door, locked it and moved to me quickly.

"You have been thinking of me," she stated, reaching to stroke my rigid cock. "Oh god boss man," she whispered huskily, squeezing me firmly, stroking down my leg. "May I suck it," she asked so softly. She moved quickly, kneeling before me. Her hands ripped at my belt, zipper, and clothing. Barely seconds passed, she had my dockers down to my ankles, she grabbed my cock, and pulled the head to her lips. "Oh baby, cum for momma," she whispered. "Momma wants her man," she growled, taking my cock into her mouth. I grabbed her head, sliding my fingers from both hands in her hair, pulling her savagely to me, shoving my cock balls deep into her mouth and throat.

"Oh god yes," I moaned as I thrust in and out of her mouth. As I pulled back, her right hand hammered my cock, pumping up and down my exposed shaft. Her left hand grabbed my hanging balls, scratching the underside of my ball sac, tracing toward my ass. Her nail dug deeper, almost scratching my flesh. Yelping slightly, I slammed my hips forward, grinding my pelvis against her lips. She had my root, her lips clear to the base of my cock. Her cheeks hallowed as she pulled off, sucking my cock hard as her hand pounded up and down my cock. My knees grew weak as I humped forward, dipping my hips just slightly, forcing my cock to thrust deep into her face. It grew animalistic, my hips uncontrollably thrusting against her face, demanding, forcing my cock into her face. Seconds passed, my balls churned. Suddenly, my balls exploded as I shoved my cock deep into her mouth and throat. I shot cum up my shaft and erupted into her waiting mouth. Rope after rope jettisoned, sending my entire mixture into her waiting, demanding mouth. Greedily, she sucked my balls dry, pumping her hand tightly up my shaft, forcing any remaining liquid into her waiting mouth. Biting down, she drug her teeth up my shaft, causing me extreme discomfort as I pushed her head back from my deflating cock.

"Fuck that was intense boss man," she growled, pulling hard on my shrinking cock. "My cunt is dripping," she continued. Glancing at the clock, she looked to me. "You can have me anytime, anyway," she hesitated. "Anyhow you want me," she continued. "I just need to cum often," she whispered. "I'll be your slut! I'll be your private whore! I'll be your fuck toy!" she said flatly, standing to look me in the eye. "I just want your cock," she emphasized. 

I glanced at the clock. 7:15am, a full 45-minutes before even the receptionist got in. "On my desk Kimberly," I said. "Take your panties off, put them in my drawer," I continued. I did not need to ask twice, Kimberly jumped quickly, pulling her panties off, sliding quickly to my desk, sitting directly in front of my chair. I slid into my chair quickly, ducked my head under her flowing skirt, forced her legs apart, and inhaled her musky odor. I dived into her wet gash, almost pulling her soaked lips apart with my fingers before sucking her clit deeply into my mouth. His hips lurched to my mouth, her ass flexing hard, tilting, lifting her cunt to my mouth. Her heels dug into my back as her legs draped over my shoulders. A guttural groan erupted from her, filling her body, shaking in its' intensity. 

"Oh fuck," she growled so deeply, drawing out the words. Her body quivered under my mouth, her hips jumping involuntarily against my attacking mouth. I assaulted her clit, my teeth holding it firmly, my tongue thrashing it back and forth fast, hard, mashing it against my teeth I bit down harder, my tongue probing her clit harder and harder, faster and faster as her body raced to her orgasm. My thumbs slid down her slit, massaging her lips, both reaming her hole. With swift suddenness, I shoved both thumbs into her cunt, burying them to my palms. She hissed so loudly, I am sure anyone on the floor heard her erotic moans. She was so close, I had to finish. Seconds, a minute, two passed quickly as her body responded, my tongue, my thumbs forcing her body toward her orgasm. Her moans stopped abruptly.

There was a knocking at my door. I listened for a split second, then devoured her clit for the final touches to her orgasm. Biting, nipping, flicking, mashing her clit, my thumbs buried deep, I drove her body forward, reaching the pinnacle of her desires, her orgasm racing through her shaking body. With her hand clamped over her mouth, her hips bucked under my mouth. I slowed my assault on her clit, my thumbs slowing the depth and speed at which I trashed her cunt. Her legs clamped softly along the sides of my head. "Oh my god!" she repeated over and over. "Thanks boss man," she whispered softly. Using the inside of her skirt, I dried my face, my thumbs. 

"Off with you," I whispered business like. Standing, I pulled my underwear up, and pulled up my dockers, buckling my belt. "We'll continue our discussion later," I informed her, swatting her ass playfully. "Leave your panties in my desk," I whispered under my breath. Glancing at me, smiling broadly, she moved to my door, unlocked it, and cautiously moved to her desk. 

In a split second, Dani entered my office. Glancing around, standing close to me, she looked deep into my face. "You ok?" she asked. I could see her nose taking deep breaths, smelling the musk laden air into her nostrils.

"Actually, I am great!" I countered. "What can I do for you?" I asked flatly.

Dani glanced at my desk. There, in a streak, was a line of juices that had dripped from Kimberly's cunt. I did not know what to do, move to grab a puff and wipe the fluids up, pretend I did not notice it, or stand there and be stupid. I chose to be stand there and be stupid, it was so easy for me at that moment. I took Dani in, glancing up and down her body. A tight fitting knit dress, short at mid thigh, she looked fantastic. Her tits protruded, her nipples stood firm at that moment. She glanced back to me, and caught me again staring at her chest. I swear, her shoulders arched back slightly, lifting the chest up an inch or two as I stood staring at her. "Well, alright then," she stated, whirling and exiting my office. I stood dumbfounded. As she exited, she stopped, hesitating for a moment, glancing at Kimberly's desk. Then, just like that, she was gone.

Moving to my desk, I reached to my puff's box, grabbing the tissue to clean my desk. At that moment, Kimberly returned with a rag and desk cleaner fluid. "She knows," she said glancing my way. A second later, my desk was clean and the surface shined.

The next couple of hours were uneventful. I wrestled with budget issues, new hire requests for my departments, and general administrative items, but my mind kept returning to Dani and her knowledge of the mornings' activities. Kimberly popped in about 10:30 for a quick "let me feel your cock in me" moment. I bent her over the desk, saddled to her back side, and stuck my growing cock into her wet cunt. It slipped in quietly, quickly, deeply. As I pulled back on her hips, my cock ripped into her body, our quick sex was almost a savage attack as I pumped her cunt hard, deep, and fast. Within moments, my balls erupted again, sending cum deep into her body. Absolutely fucking nuts, but I loved every minute of it. I ground my hips to her, burying all 9 ½ inches to the base as I humped her ass hard to drive more. She purred "Yes Baby," over and over. When I finished, I pulled out slowly, she lay quietly on my desk, not moving a muscle. "Your cock is so fucking big," she growled softly. "I love it!" she continued. I grabbed her panties, knowing she would need them to trap and dripping fluids.

As she unlocked the door, opened the door to exit, Dani was waiting to see me. As she came in, she glanced and stared at my crotch. "What can I do for you?" I asked. 

"Can I go over some marketing items with you this afternoon?" she asked coyly. Again, her nostrils indicated she was sniffing the air for any odorous signs of the activities that had just occurred in the office. "About 4:00 pm or so," she continued.

As she watched me, I glanced again to her chest. I know it arched to my stare. Nipples hardened under my watchful eye. "That will be fine," I responded. Make it 3:00 pm so we have more time together," I offered.

"Yes sir," she accepted. "See you then," turned, and exited my office. I watched the knit dress sway as she walked away. Stopping in the doorway, she glanced over her shoulder, and caught me staring at her backside. Grinning, she moved quickly down the hall.

Now I was more than curious as to her intentions. If she knew, was she watching Kimberly's time in my office? Was she trying to document our tryst for employment termination? What was her objective? Over the next couple of hours, my mind returned to Kimberly several times, my cock chubbing continuously again.

As 3:00 pm grew near and Dani on the platter, all thoughts of business disappeared. I wanted to fuck the shit out of her, to ravage her taut, lithe body. I wanted to feel her tight cunt wrap the soft lips around my cock, slide in as I pushed into her body, and hug my cock when I pulled back, stretching to hold my monster cock in her cunt. I wanted to watch her face as I shoved my cock balls deep in her petite body, slamming so hard against her body our flesh slapped loudly, filling my office with sounds of raw sex.

Dani knocked softly, I withdrew my hand from my crotch, smoothing my dockers. "Let's sit at my little conference table Dani," I instructed. Very business like, Dani laid out several marketing documents, stressing the importance of each, providing argument that the information should be recapped as part of our marketing efforts. Without sitting, Dani spread the information, leaned bending at the waist to show specific documents. As I approached her, she glanced around her hip to see me staring directly at her rump, so beautifully framed. She spread her feet wider, shifting her bottom back and forth slightly, tantalizingly. I took a quick, deep breath, my hand involuntarily sliding up over her hip unto her back. Nothing was said as I stepped beside her, resting my hand on her shoulder blade. My fingers danced softly as she droned on about the statistics of the competition. My cock grew rigid, painfully rigid, stretching down my left thigh. God I wanted to step behind her, lift her skirt, rip her panties off her body, and shove my fat, engorged cock deep into her body, grinding our sexes together, erupting into a knee bending orgasm as we collapsed together, bodies sweaty, gasping for each breath.

After examining the information, we identified a course of action, gave her direction for what should be prepared for our Saturday morning meeting, and concluded our meeting. Her face seemed flushed, her eyes flashed, her nostrils flared repeatedly. Now 5:15 pm, Kimberly reentered my office. "Need me one more time boss man?" she asked quietely, needingly. Stepping back to her desk, she grabbed some paperwork, glanced around the office, and reentered my office, turned, closed and locked the door. "Where?" she asked. I pointed to the conference table. "How?" she whispered as she moved to the table.

"Bend over, let me pull your skirt up. I want you from behind again," I growled. I moved quickly to her, lifting her skirt, shoving her panties down her legs. I almost kicked her feet apart as I reached to unzip my pants and free the one eyed monster. Roughly, I pulled him up and down her slit, her wetness coating the head of my cock. She pushed back against me hard as I passed over her hole.

"Put it in me," she commanded. "I need your cock," she whispered hoarsely. Finding her hole, I pushed forward savagely, ripping my cock into her flesh, filling her wet hole. I slid deep, pulled back, grabbed her hips, and slammed forward, impaling her on my cock. I humped down slightly, driving more into her body. With both hands firmly over her hip bones, I thrust hard into her body, pulled back watching her cunt stretch to hold me, and then slammed forward hard, grinding our bodies together. I got a rhythm that allowed my forceful, deep penetrations as she grunted with each penetration and almost whimpered as I pulled back only to savagely drive into her again. Minute after minute I slammed her, digging my fingers into her hips, pulling her back to me faster, harder. Thought lost, head thrown back, eyes closed, I fucked my bitch, my slut hard. Grinding, pulling her body against me, I drove forward, my body responding, my balls churning to spit my juices deep in her body. Another minute, more thrusts, the trigger flipped, my balls erupted, throwing forth gobs of sticky cum into her waiting body. I humped her hard, grinding every inch of my cock home, shoving it deep into her body. As my spasms ripped through my body, I pulled her against me, wiggling against her body to gain more penetration, holding her firmly. Each spurt blasted into her womb, flexing, spitting again. With each spasm, she grunted, feeling my monster coat her insides.

Reaching quickly between her legs, her fingers worked magic over her clit, within seconds, her body erupted, her orgasm washing over her as well. She lay spent on the table. I humped her backside playfully, pulling my limp dick out, shoving against her to keep the flaccid flesh in her sloppy cunt. I ground my hips against her ass one more time. Pulling back, I looked for something to wipe my juice coated cock. Spinning quickly, dropping down, Kimberly whispered "Mine," and sucked my lifeless cock between her lips, pushing her lips to the base, her tongue rotating over all sides of my cock. She hungrily sucked me, draining my balls completely. I pulled her head hard against my abdomen, driving her mouth completely over my cock flesh, humping against her face involuntarily. Two minutes later, grasping a dangling cock, she kissed the head, and pulled my briefs up my legs to mid thigh. "That was good," she purred, looking to me, grinning. Wrapping her fingers tightly around my limp flesh, she pulled from the base, squeezing a drop of fluid into the eye. Her tongue poked into the eye as she sucked the head against her mouth. A split second later, my cock was clean and stuffed into my shorts. 

By the time I got home, my cock had chubbed again, growing semi-rigid in my pants. Thoughts of Dani, of Kimberly filled my head. Arriving home, I headed to the bedroom to change clothes. Mid way, stroking a full, rigid cock, I called for the spouse. No use wasting a good, hard cock. We fucked like old married demons for the next hour. Dinner was late.

I woke the next morning with the spouse straddling me, my morning hardon rigid, as she slipped it into her wet hole. "Morning baby," she growled as she impaled her body, thrusting down to drive me deep into her wet cunt. She humped me like a madwoman, thrusting back and forth, pulling up, and slamming down on me. I grabbed her naked tits, twisting each nipple firmly as her eyes flashed at me, fucking me to submission. Several minutes later, I flooded her insides with morning cum as she continued to hammer my deflating cock. Her hand snaked between our bodies, her fingertips scratching over her engorged clit. Talking about how good it felt, she masturbated quickly, humping my cock and balls hard. Several short minutes later, her body tensed, her hand drove her body to her orgasm. Collapsing on me, she humped her clit up and down my soft cock. Kissing me hard, she growled into my mouth. Her orgasm washed over her, her motions slowed. Wrapping my arms around her, I cuddled with her momentarily. Rubbing her back, I slid my hand down her backside, swatted her rump, and rolled out from underneath her. I moved quickly to get into the shower.

Friday! One more day. I would get Dani tomorrow morning. My mind raced again. I washed my body, stroked my cock hard. It did not take long, I had a long, semi-engorged cock wanting to play. Pumping my growing shaft once or twice more, I exited the shower. Time for this at work I thought.

Arriving at the office, I found Dani talking with Kimberly. Quiet, hushed tones abruptly stopped when I passed Kimberly's desk. "Morning," I said loudly, passing quickly. 

"Morning," both chimed in unison.

"Kimberly, grab me a cup of coffee, and bring me the strategic plan," I instructed. Kimberly jumped to work as Dani sat and watched momentarily. As Kimberly entered my office, I glanced to be sure she was not followed. "Come to this side of my desk," I commanded softly. Without hesitating, Kimberly moved to stand beside my chair. With the door open, I slid my hand down her leg, slid my palm over the inside of her calf, and proceeded to slide my hand up her leg, passing over her knee, my fingertips sliding up her soft inner thigh, approaching her sex. Kimberly moved to open her stance slightly, spreading her thighs for my hand. I stopped only when I reached her panties, my fingers sliding up and down her slit, pressing her panties into her wetness. "Good morning Kimberly," I growled as I pushed against her wet hole, wiggling my fingers to push the material into her slit. She humped down on my fingers slightly, pressing her sex on my fingertips.

Knock, knock rapped my door. I froze, not moving my hand. Kimberly, slightly to my side, and pressed to my chair, hid my shoulder and arm from the door view. Glancing up, Dani stood looking at us. "Yes," I asked nonchalantly. 

"What time tomorrow," she asked. 

"Be here by 8 or 8:30 at the latest," I offered. "I will be in early," I finished.

"Ok, I'll be here," she responded. Turning quickly, she exited my office. 

I pushed my fingers into Kimberly's slit, pulled the material to the side, and shoved two fingers into her waiting hole. Her breath exited noisily, an audible grunt escaped from her lips as her knees buckled, driving her wet cunt down on my fingers. I wiggled them furiously in the body, causing her to squirm on my fingers. I thrust in and out quickly, not even hesitating as another passed my open doorway. Her juices ran down my hand, her breathing labored, her body tensed as she stared straight at the doorway. Quivering, she erupted in orgasm, her body sending spasms throughout her body. Withdrawing, I aligned my finger, and popped it into her ass with a swift penetration. Her knees buckled completely, dropping down behind my desk, my fingers thrust into her body. Whimpering, she shook her head no. "Please," she whispered. "Not there, not now," she continued.
