 I fucked Dani again that afternoon, taking my time to fully sate her needs. After four body wrenching orgasms, two on my tongue, she lay exhausted beneath my face, her arms flailed wide to her side. She looked like she should be dead, floating in a pool. But the color in her face, her rosy red cheeks gave her a glow unmistaken for anything by satisfaction.

"God Rich," she moaned, her body slowly coming down, "I want to clamp my legs around your head and keep your mouth attached to my" her voice trailed off. I shoved my fingers into her soaked cunt.

"Cunt Dani, it's cunt," I growled, wriggling my fingers madly in her wet sheath. She pulled her legs up, clamping the legs closed. I pounded her cunt another moment as she rolled to her side, her hand grabbing my wrist. I leaned to kiss her thigh, a small moan offered as I kissed up her thigh, over her hip, and nipped at her ass, her globe so firm, so taut. I looked to her, her eyes locked with mine. I licked her globe, my tongue dancing over the smooth flesh.

"Yes, my cunt", Dani growled. She laid motionless, he eyes slowly closed. "Damn good work day," she whispered. "Damn fucking good!" she growled at me, her eyes flashing.

"Anything else you need boss," she quipped, staring at me. "Do you fuck Kimberly," she blurted out.

"Yes," I responded quickly, unhesitatingly. 

Hey eyes glazed, a faraway look covered her face. "How often," she continued. 

"Two, maybe three times a day. Blow jobs, cunt fucking, tit fucking, anything I want," I offered.

"Damn," growled Dani. "She always treats me funny," she continued.

"She knows I wanted you," I responded. "She knows I have lusted for you since your first day," I finished. "She caught me masturbating, thinking about you," I offered. "She drained my balls dry, and continues to fuck me blind," I said half heartedly.

"I can smell your sex," Dani stated flatly. "After your door has been shut, I want to come in here to see if I smell your sex," she said, looking to my face. "Do we smell like that," she asked. "Could she tell if we did it," she continued. 

"She would taste it on me," I told her. "She would pull my cock out, swallow it to see if we had done it I bet," I laughed.

"Damn," Dani said again. "Never thought of that. So I could taste her on you too," her voice trailed. "Never tasted another woman's stuff before," she muttered softly. 

My thoughts exploded. Was she interested? Would she like to have a woman? Fuck, my cock started chubbing again. I moved to her head, my cock dangling above her mouth. Leaning, I put the tip to her lips. Her tongue darted out, licking the head, coating her lips with saliva. I pushed forward, the head disappeared into her mouth.

"Ever wanted to do a three some?" I asked. Her hands reached around my ass, pulling me forward, more cock slipped into her mouth. My cock expanded, growing firmer. I slammed my hips forward, impaling her. "I would love to share you with my wife," I stated firmly. 

"MMMmmmmmmmmmmm," growled Dani, her throat relaxing, my cock sliding down into her throat. I watched her neck expand, my balls draped over her forehead. I reached to twist her rigid nipples. Her feet flattened on the floor, her legs splayed, lifting her cunt to me. I fell forward, my mouth clamping over her engorged clit. I sucked madly, stretching, nipping her bud as I face fucked her into oblivion. I came quickly, flooding her mouth as she erupted into her fifth orgasm, her hips exploding upwards, hips quivering involuntarily, her juices flooding my mouth. I flopped to her, exhausted.

Draining my balls of all liquid, Dani's fingers traced my ass. She took my balls into her mouth, her tongue washing over them softly. Pushing me away, she stared at me.

"I've seen your wife. She looks good! Make it happen," she said, her hands stroking my cock, balls softly. She leaned to devour my cock.

Late that evening I was lying between my wife Ann's thighs, hands wrapped around her legs, my tongue dancing over the engorged clit. A sweat covered our bodies, we had fucked for an hour already, I had blown my load deep in her throat, and now was returning the orgasm. Her hips thrashed, her orgasm was close. She was mine.

"Ann, could you really imagine one of my ladies between your legs, me sitting over there watching," I asked, lips circling her clit, tongue thrashing it back and forth against my teeth. "Could you imagine her soft lips, her gently tongue licking at your clit," I continued my word descriptions. Her hips lifted, grinding to my mouth.

"Oh fuck yes Richard," she grunted. "I would scream for you to put your big fucking cock in my mouth," she growled out. "Maybe even tell you to shove your big fucking cock into our whore," she continued. I nipped firmly on her clit, my teeth raking over the sensitive flesh hard. "Oh Jesus, lick me you fucking bitch," she sputtered, her eyes clamped shut firmly. She grabbed my hair, washing her cunt back and forth over my lips, pulling me deeper. "Shove her face into my cunt Richard," she growled. "Yes," she hissed, her hips rising, growing rigid. Exploding, she humped me hard, pounding her cunt to me, her sex flooding juices all over my cheeks.

"Shove your fucking tongue into my cunt Dani," she cursed out. "Eat me you bitch," she continued. "God Dani, let me eat you," she groaned. Her hips lifted, held, and a second orgasm washed through her body. Growling deeply, her body flopped down. "Oh hell yes, I could imagine that," she groaned softly. "Hell yes," she repeated.

I was beyond rigid, I was fucking steel. I rolled her over, pulled her to her knees, and slammed my cock into her soaked cunt. Grabbing her hips, I settled in, and pounded her flesh repeatedly. My fingers dug into her flesh, pulling her body to me, pounding away, slamming my cock balls deep over and over. She was screaming, our flesh slapping, bodies smashing together sounds filling the room. I came, flooding her insides. 

I pushed her forward, my cock slowly slipping from her ravaged hole. "Fuck baby, that was good," was all I could muster.

"That was beyond good," she groaned, nuzzling into my body. "How soon can we have her," she asked softly. We drifted off to sleep.

I woke, my cock rigid, Ann's lips playfully circling the head, her tongue probing, licking me softly. I reached to her, pulling her down my shaft. She took all of me quickly, her lips plastered to the base. Her finger circled my asshole, nail probing. My hips lurched, pounding my cock into her mouth. Her finger pushed into my ass. She was serious about fucking me, she seldom played with my ass unless she was extremely horny and hell bent for a savage fuck. I complied, giving her my cock. I reached under her raised tummy to find her hand working on her clit. I shoved two fingers deep into her soaked cunt, pounding her flesh hard. Several minutes passed, her thrashing peaked, her body erupted into an almost violent orgasm. She pounded her finger deep in my ass, nearly biting off my cock. I erupted, shooting cum deep into her throat.

"Get her Richard, I need to fuck her," she groaned as we lay there in the early morning shadows. "Today!" she continued. "I want her now!"

I glanced to the clock. 6:28am. "Go get a shower," I whispered. She rolled quickly, rising and darted into the bathroom. I headed downstairs to grab my cell phone. I pulled her number up, hit the dial button.

"Good morning," she mumbled into the phone.

"Good morning yourself," I responded softly. "You up for that three-some," I asked matter of fact. Silence followed.

"Now," she quipped.

"Right now she is interested," I whispered softly.

"I'll be right over," she stated, the line went dead. Dani lived about 15-mins from me, so I made some coffee, and kept vigil at the front window. Her car slowly entered the drive about 25-mins after the first call. 

A light rap on the front door, I answered fully naked. She glanced over my body. My cock chubbed. Closing the door, she dropped to her knees. "Will I taste her on you," she asked. I nodded affirmatively.

She grabbed my semi-rigid cock, her lips quickly circling the head, her tongue dancing over the soft flesh. Opening wide, she devoured my cock. She bobbed on me, pounding the flesh. Grabbing my balls, she twirled them in the sac. She growled deeply.

"Is she waiting," she asked. 

"Upstairs," I responded. She almost bounded up the stairs in front of me. I followed quickly. As we entered the bedroom, Ann had thrown the covers back, and was lying naked on the bed.

"Richard, go get a quick shower," Ann instructed. I looked back and forth between them. Dani stood frozen. I turned, headed into the bathroom. I started the shower, and jumped in.

"Dani, take your clothes off," Ann instructed. Her hand drifted to her mons, her right leg lifted, foot planted flat on the bed behind her left knee. Dani moved to the chair at the side of the bed, slowly reaching to unbutton her blouse, removing it slowly as Ann's fingers dipped into her clean shaven slit. It glistened with moisture. Dani's mouth watered, her tongue licking her lips quickly. She reached to unsnap her bra, exposing her breasts to Ann. Her nipples hardened. The areolas were smaller than Ann's, but the nipples stood just as rigid. Grabbing the waist band of her sweats, she hooked the panties and removed both in one pull down over her hips. Her pubic region exposed, Ann noted a small patch of pubic hair covering her mons. Her first thought was it looked soft.

Stepping from the piled sweats and panties at her feet, Dani moved to the edge of the bed. She watched Ann closely, watching her fingers dip into her wet slit, sliding deep between her legs, and back to her engorged clit. It protruded from her lips. Dani could feel the wetness building in her cunt. Her hand slowly moved to her own sex, her middle finger snaking between the lips, raking over and mashing her own clit. It was swelling as blood rushed to her sex. Her juices were starting to build, hidden by her lips.

"Have you fucked my husband," Ann asked point blank.

"Yes," mumbled Dani. "At the office," she continued. "I want to fuck you too," she whispered, staring into Ann's eyes. 

"Good baby," Ann whispered huskily. "Lay down with me," Ann instructed.

Dani moved quickly, stretching out beside Ann. Dani reached to Ann's hip, her hand softly resting on the hip bone. Leaning quickly, Dani softly kissed Ann, her tongue darting out to lick her lips. Her tongue probed, finding and playing with Ann's tongue. The kiss deepened, their bodies pressing together. Nipples to nipples, Dani pushed Ann down to her back. Dani's hand joined Ann's hand, softly caressing her mons, fingers sliding into her wet crevice. Ann pulled her hand away. Dani's fingers dipped into her steamy slit, the wetness coating her middle and index finger. Her nails raked over her exposed clit. Ann gasped for a breath, shoving her tongue deep into Dani's mouth, moaning softly. Dani took a handful of Ann's hair, pulling her head back, exposing her neck. Kissing, nipping her way down, Dani moved slowly over the soft flesh, nuzzled the nape of her neck, inhaling the smell of her clean flesh. Her hand moved deeper between her legs, her fingers finding, reaming her wet hole. Dani's need to enter her body overwhelmed her. Glancing to her cunt, Dani watched as her fingers shoved between her wet lips, disappearing into her body. Dani moaned with Ann. Moving closer, Dani pressed her tits to Ann's body, feeling her womanly flesh meld with hers. 

Dani thrashed Ann's cunt, fingers dipping, pulling up, and pounding deep again. Ann groaned with each thrust, each penetration.

"Suck my tits," Ann asked softly. Dani moved to quickly take a rigid nipple into her mouth. The feel of the hard bud mashed to her teeth thrilled her. Her tongue rolled the flesh back and forth against her teeth. Her hand moved back to the engorged clit. Stroking it softly, Dani mashed Ann's clit firmly to her body, her middle finger rolling back and forth over the sensitive flesh. She opened her mouth, taking more tit flesh into her mouth, biting gently, her tongue probing, licking, rolling over the size B flesh. Lights flashed, her insides quivered as she made love to this exquisite female.

"Join us," Ann whispered softly. Dani felt Rich's presence behind her, his rigid cock pressed to her backside. His hands reached around her, his index finger and thumb rolling her nipple between them. Her hips tilted backwards, offering him her entry.

"Can he fuck me while I play with you," Dani asked Ann.

"Yes," Ann responded, lying back to absorb Dani's mouth and hand as they played with her flesh. "Make me cum Dani. Make me cum baby," Ann whispered. Her hand reached behind Dani's head, pulling her mouth firmly to her tit flesh. Looking past her, she stared into my eyes.

"Richard, fuck her slowly," she growled as her head pulled back, her eyes closed softly, lost in her lust as Dani sucked gently on her hard nipples.

I slid my hand down Dani's torso, dipped over her ass, and slid my fingers into the opening at the junction of her ass and legs. Pushing, my fingers entered her slit, soaked with her flowing juices. Her hips arched back to me, wanting, needing my penetration. Ann groaned loudly as Dani nipped firmly on her nipple. I pushed two fingers into Dani's soaked cunt, wiggling my fingers in as many directions as possible. Her leg lifted, straightening, opening her cunt to me. Pulling my fingers out, I mashed my middle finger over her engorged clit. Her hips thrashed back and forth. I pushed my thumb into her wet hole, buried completely to my palm as I continued to mash her clit. I could feel her hand hammering Ann's cunt to match my thrusts. She chewed almost savagely on Ann's tit flesh as Ann pulled her head tighter to her tits.

"Oh yes baby," Ann repeated over and over as Dani kissed, licked, and chewed from one nipple back and forth to the other nipple. "Richard, shove your cock into her cunt," Ann grunted. I pulled my hand from her cunt, stroked my cock, coating it slightly, aimed the head to her hole, and pushed forward. The head popped into her cunt. Her movement stopped, she bit down on Ann's nipple. As Ann yelped, I shoved more cock into Dani's cunt, pulled back, and slammed forward again. Dani arched hard to me, giving me an angle to slide completely into her body. As I ground my hips to her ass, Dani groaned deeply.

"Fuck," Ann groaned. She was pushing Dani's head down now, trying to get her mouth to take her clit between her lips. "Eat me Dani," she whimpered. "Eat me now, make me cum," she almost begged. Dani moved quickly, her head almost sideways to her cunt as her tongue probed the top of Ann's wet slit. Lifting a leg, Ann spun, aligning her legs beside Dani, her cunt now directly in front of her face. Dani's fingers spread her puffy labia, her wet slit visible. Dani leaned forward, slurping Ann's clit into her mouth. Both of Ann's hands found Dani's head, her fingers twisted into her hair, pulling her head deep into her cunt as her legs lifted up, spread wide in a "V". Her hips lurched up, dropped down, and repeated as Dani slurped away at her soaked gash, her tongue pounding into her hole, then lips back to capture her engorged clit. 

"Get her on her knees," screamed Ann. "Fuck her doggy," she shrieked.

I pulled my cock out, moved to my knees. Dani rose quickly, her mouth never leaving Ann's cunt. Spreading her knees, she tilted her hips, offering her open cunt to me. I saddled in, one hand on one hip, my fist wrapped around my rigid cock, slid to her hole, pushed to align my cock, grabbed her other hip, and slammed forward, impaling her on my first thrust. I ground my body to her, slamming her mouth to Ann's cunt. I watched Ann's face, her eyes now wide open, staring into my face.

"Fuck her hard Richard, fuck her hard," she groaned. I complied. My hips slapped off her flesh, the sound of my body smacking her hard ripped through the thick air. I pounded her, slamming her hard, fast, deep. I dipped my hips, changed the angle of my cock as it slid forward, rubbing over her clit. Dani's head thrashed Ann's clit, sideways, up and down, a blur of movement as she nearly ripped Ann's clit from her body. Ann's hips lifted, humped up and down, lifted high, froze, and her body erupted into a violent orgasm. Her thighs clamped around Dani's ears, her hips involuntarily thrusting up and down against her mouth fast, hard.

For the next several minutes, our sex filled the room with grunts, groans, screams, and the s sound of flesh slapping hard as I continued to pound Dani's backside. I stared into Ann's eyes, watching as her orgasm built quickly. 

"Yes," growled Ann softly. "Oh god," her voice trailed off. Her hips lifted, held high, quivered, thrust upwards, and flopped down. Her hands quickly pushed Dani away, her legs clamping shut. Dani reached behind her body, pulling her cheeks wide. I saddled closer, pushing my cock completely into her body, grinding my hips to her. My balls exploded, jettisoning cum up my shaft, into her willing body. Spurt after spurt, my balls emptied all my seed into her warm, wet cunt. My cock started deflating. I pushed Dani down, pushing her beside Ann.

Ann hugged Dani, their bodies mashing together. I lay behind Ann, spooning my wife. 

"Thanks baby," she whispered. "Thanks for letting me have Dani," she continued cooing softly. I reached down, pulled the cover up over us. Sleep came quickly.