 First off, I need to clarify that originally this story was written in small chunks through email. I would send those emails to Elizabeth, who really does work in my company. This was my way of fucking her with words. Every once in a while, after she would read a really good part of the story, or if our online chatting got really intense, we would video chat and I would get to see her in all her glory... hopefully the edits I do here make the story better from the first time I published, and I hope you enjoy knowing the backstory that she and I are real people, and the measurements used below aren't exaggerations.

*********************************************

I remember the first two times I met Elizabeth, or at least I remember when I met parts of her. The first time I had to go to her department to talk to another worker and she was sitting in the cubicle next door. I don't remember what we were talking about, or anything about the conversation, just her ass. Elizabeth was wearing these amazing pants, that I had never seen before or since, with a zipper in the back... I won't describe all of her yet, as I hadn't even noticed the rest of her yet. 

While talking to her co-worker, I couldn't keep my eyes off of it. My mind kept running through the way I could slowly work the zipper down the crack of her ass while sliding my other palm up her back as I bent her over her desk. I would slip my fingers under the waistband and peel them down just far enough to get my rock hard cock into her tight pussy... and so on and so forth... It was definitely an enjoyable fantasy but not very productive in getting my cum in her. 

I was able to break focus with her ass long enough to actually get introduced, and her face was as gorgeous as her ass was. Her eyes shone with mischief and seemed to imply she was sharing a secret with me, which made my heart flutter. She was clever, and charming, and it made her ass all the more attractive. After that day, I tried to find excuses to come up to her office and talk to her, joke around, and in general have some fun harmless flirting while having fantasies of her riding my cock like a bull rider.

The second time I met Elizabeth was when I was introduced to her tits. So there are times when you look back and think, what the hell, how did that go unnoticed for so long??? I don't remember the exact time, but one day as Elizabeth and I were talking she stood up and there they were. The most amazing and fuckable tits I had ever seen. So, this is hard to describe to someone that hasn't experienced this, and at this size I doubt a ton of people have, but imagine thinking you knew what fuckable tits looked like, and then throwing that picture out of the window because you had no idea that a pair of tits existed like these. Now it is time to describe Elizabeth in all her glory.

Elizabeth is about 5' nothing, with long brown and blonde streaked hair, a gorgeous face, and then it starts getting really good. I later learned she has a 34G rack... I told her later that I doubt more than 100 women in the world have that. Her tits are high and firm, and have the most wonderful little freckles covering them. They make me want to spend time kissing, licking, and sucking each freckle and then as lust filled agony becomes too much, slide my tongue over her hard small nipples. She has a petite waist and then a hourglass curve into a full firm ass. It's the type of waistline that lets your hands really pull when you are fucking her from behind.

As for myself, I'm nothing amazing, but I'd say above average in most ways. I'm in my early thirties, about 5' 11" and 160 pounds. I'm fit, but not muscular, I was an engineer in college and so never found that a priority but I do love working outdoors, and so that has helped me not to be a skinny wastrel. I have a decent cock, about 7" long (longer if my hormones are going crazy), and just thick enough that my thumb and index finger touch when I'm stroking myself.

After I noticed all that Elizabeth had, I couldn't help going up to her office on the smallest excuse. I never had any real work with her, as she didn't cover my accounts, but being next to those that did, I used every excuse I could think of to be near her and chat her up. Somewhere along the line, I think our flirting hit critical mass, and we started discussing our sex lives. It seemed like both of us were in a bit of a rut, each adventurous in our own way, but not really clicking with our partners. This coupled with my unshakable desire to spend hours exploring her firm tit flesh made our talks like a dry brush fire waiting for a match. 

One day, a job announcement came out for the department lead of Elizabeth's area, and as it was a promotion, I applied for it. In the back of my head were visions of her on my desk after work hours, her skirt up around her waist with her perfect white legs on my shoulders, as I lapped up her steaming pussy and slowly draw her clit into my mouth. It was definitely motivation to get the job. 

I couldn't believe it when I got the position, and transitioned into the position a few weeks after the announcement. The desk was right outside the cube set that Elizabeth sat in, and so there were no shortages of times that we talked. I had to be careful as I wanted her to not get a bad wrap, and it always seems like the woman gets the bad reputation while the guy gets away scott free.

Since this was a new job, I asked Elizabeth's boss if she could be spared the last hour of each day to walk me through the programs their department worked with, and give me a feel for what I should expect of my employees. Obviously my feel for Elizabeth was my primary concern, and I planned on feeling her plenty. I had positioned my desk so I faced the door, giving me the most privacy possible as people came into my office. I pulled the spare chair next to me as I got ready for the first educational session.

Elizabeth walked in and looked like a bombshell. She was wearing a loose hanging blue blouse and her necklace pushed the fabric into the deep crevice between her mounds. She looked like she had been poured into her skin-tight jeans and her high heels brought her face right in line with my chest (plus they looked damn sexy). She had a smirk on her face as if she knew I probably didn't need much help, and that the only reason I had asked for her was an hour of shameless flirting each day. As I said, she was pretty clever. 

She pulled up the chair next to me and the jolt of the chair shook her fuck-mountains deliciously, it also had the result of wedging us into the curve of my desk to get close to the computer. I had my hand on the mouse, and as we went through the hour, Elizabeth would reach over periodically to put her hand over mine to select an option int the program. The motion was tailor-made to press her tits against my forearm, and it was the most heavenly feeling I had experienced. 

As the hour went along, I had to widen my legs to make room for my swelling cock, until it was almost comical how much room I was taking up. This had the added benefit of pressing my calf to her jean clad leg. When the contact first happened between our legs, Elizabeth looked down and I saw her eyes widen as her gaze ran over the tent in my pants that had my raging hard-on. Her pouting lips opened the smallest amount as her jaw dropped, and I watched her perfect pink tongue slide slowly over her lips... Holy shit, I thought, we've got a cock sucker here. 

We finished out the hour, Elizabeth glancing every few minutes down at the impossibly, continuously growing peak in my pants, while slowly rubbing her calf against mine to see if she could find the limit of my arousal. Since I knew she had been keeping tabs on my cock growth, I decided to toss all shame out and stood up to walk her to the door. I managed to stand up while she was still looking at the computer, so as her gaze shifted back to me, she was met with my 7 inch cock straining against my slacks three inches from her face. 

An impish smile played across her face, and with a flip of her hair she bounced up and started walking to the door. Right as she got to it, she stopped abruptly, causing me to walk into her and pressing my hard rod against the small of her back. She turned around, smiling like a cat with a canary, and told me how glad she was I was working in their department. Without warning she raised onto her tiptoes and gave me a warm hug, breathing against my neck and pressing her breasts against my fluttering chest! 

Whispering softly, she let me know that she was always there to help me in ANY way that I needed it. I could feel that her nipples had gone rock hard, and were visibly raising her shirt. She slid slowly off her tiptoes as she released her hug, her taut belly sliding over my clock head, which actually caught the bottom of her shirt and started to lift it. Her nipples dragging down my chest. Elizabeth giggled as she pulled her shirt away from where it had caught on my pant bulge, and walked out the door. 

For the next few weeks, our sessions continued, with light grazes and absent hands resting on my arm, but no spectacular instances of ripping clothes or screaming orgasms... At least not at work, at home I started regularly stroking my long cock in the shower imagining that my streams of cum were landing on Elizabeth as she licked her own tits and buried her fingers in her dripping gash. Needless to say, those images stuck with me through the day.

About two months into my new assignment, I was slatted for a huge financial conference that was going to happen in Hawaii, and on top of that, they wanted me to present on some of the programs our company was using with great success. I had learned a lot, but I was still more likely to make a fool of myself than give our company a good name. With that in mind, I let my dick have a great idea.

I asked Elizabeth's boss if she could go as well, both for her knowledge of the systems and for her development (although at 34G she was pretty developed already). We spent the next few days writing up the presentation, practicing it, and rewriting it. Elizabeth was very excited about the trip, and told me it was the first time she had ever been to Hawaii. We got our travel booked, and I noticed that she had been booked in a little hole in the wall place that some idiot in travel thought was fine. I took her orders and told her to cancel that hotel, as it had a great place lined up on the beach.

The week before we headed out, during one of the many rewrites, Elizabeth told me she had to go pick up some new swim suits after work, as she didn't have any for the tropical weather. Since I got a parking spot right outside the gate, I offered to take her if she gave directions. With a smile she agreed, but warned me that it wasn't a normal department store, which I didn't think much of at the time.

We pulled up to a small house with an open sign in the window. I raised an eyebrow at her and she explained that she needed special sizes, and this was the best place around for unique measurements. After a small pause you ask if I would like to come in and hang out while you tried some on. We walk into a plush sitting room, with minuscule scraps of fabric hanging on the wall. 

My pulse starts to speed up as I realize there isn't a one piece in the place, and that I am about to spend a week in Hawaii staring at the majority of two monstrous tits. A tall brunette came from behind the counter and welcomed us, assuming we were a couple. She explained that the store only let one customer at a time in for privacy, and that I could sit on the plush chair as I watched the magic. Elizabeth walked along the wall, pointing and whispering to the attendant, with her taking notes, nodding, and smiling. Every once in a while they would both glance over at me and laugh softly. 

The attendant went behind the counter and pulled out three white boxes that she set in the small dressing area. Elizabeth went in and pulled the curtain, as the attendant walked past me to head in the back and give us privacy. As she passed by me, she smiled and softly said "I don't know what you did, but you are one lucky man."

A grin of anticipation hit my face, and I sat back to wait. About five minutes later I hear her ask if I'm ready, and after I choke out a yes, the curtain slowly slides back. The view is heavenly, as Elizabeth steps out in an all black number that looks as soft as velvet. A thin cord fights to hold two small triangles of fabric over her jutting, gravity defying jugs, with a matching miniature section over her slightly puffy pussy. I am sure it was my imagination, but I thought I saw it pulsing, trying to suck anything that came near it in.

As my eyes slid up and down her body, noticing that she put her high heels back on, I search for any sign of a stray pubic hair, not a one can be found (and I was staring hard!). Things were looking pretty promising for a shaved pussy... As I picked up my jaw from the floor, I realized I hadn't said anything. My eyes finally moved up high enough to meet hers, and it felt like I was forcing myself to look away from the sun. She was standing there smiling, looking at the rapidly expanding bulge in my pants... "I see you approve, I guess we will have to see how the other ones rate. Wanna see the back?"

I nod stupidly as she does a pirouette, showing her ripe ass with a small strip of inadequate fabric making its journey into her ass crack... I was jealous of every scrap of fabric on her.

She looked over her shoulder, tracing my gaze to her butt, and gently flexed each cheek as she winked at me. There was a little red carpet that went from the dressing room to my chair, and she slowly started walking toward me, one foot in front of the other in that way that made her hips sway. As she gets right in front of me, her tits right above my eye level, she turns around, and in a deliciously obvious move, stumbles slightly and steps back to sit in my lap.

I catch her in my arms, my hands suddenly filled with soft miracles, as her smooth, firm ass cheeks press against my iron cock rod. I take my time sliding my hands from the underside of her mountainous tit flesh, hefting them as I run my hand along the lower edge of the fabric. Elizabeth looks back at me, breathily thanking me for catching her, and asking how everything fits.

I spend five minutes tracing my fingers along the edges of the cups, across her shoulders, and over her back, then move to the bottoms, tracing my hands along the waist, I grab her hips and gently lift her off my pulsing hardon. We are both breathing hard as I trace the deliciously thin strip between her ass cheeks, and firmly rotate her as I slide my hands along the edges as they drop to her sweet, honeyed cunt. I make sure to tease as she teased, never directly touching her puffy pussy, but I could feel the warmth on my fingertips... She slowly backs up and walks back into the dressing room, but as the curtain closes, I notice it only goes about halfway shut. 

I watch in a daze as she reaches up and pulls the thin black string behind her neck. In slow motion, I watch the volume of her tits force the small black triangles of fabric away from her mounds, and I get to see Elizabeth's perfect, diamond hard pink nipples for the first time. The light freckles and pale skin are amazing to behold, and as she turns at the waist to untie the side of the bottoms, my eyes meet hers. 

Much like the first time she saw my bulge, my tongue slowly wets my lower and upper lips. She holds my eyes with her own as she pull the tie on the bottoms, and widens her hips to allow them to fall to the floor. They stick ever so slightly for a brief moment to her clearly moist and completely shaved pussy lips. With another impish grin, she slides the curtain closed and I lean back on my seat to catch my breath. I ease my belt and reach into my pants to untangle the monster that is waiting in there, as I slide my fingers up and down my shaft in anticipation of the second suit..

After about two minutes, I start hearing Elizabeth's breathing increase, and small moans coming from the dressing room. I realize that she got too turned on and is taking care of a little business before we continue. As I listen to her moans, and picture her slim fingers frantically digging in her juicy cunt, I decide two can play this and ease my zipper down to get a good grip on my throbbing cock. I glance at the little coffee table and notice for the first time a bottle of strawberry lube and a stack of linen towels... Classy jack off material. 

I slide my now strawberry scented hand up and down my swollen shaft in time to the gasping breaths Elizabeth is giving from the dressing room, playing the picture of what she is doing in my mind. As I lay back enjoying the symphony, she reaches her peak and screams my name... Beautiful music. I continue to slide my hand up and down my shaft as the dressing room quiets, but now more in anticipation of the next suit to come out.

The curtain draws back and my hand freezes on my rigid cock. Elizabeth is wearing a pair of boy short cut bottoms in a pale blue, encasing her full ass and outlining her puffed up pussy lips, perfectly accentuating her curves. As my eyes travel up I see the lower halves of her fuckable tits, and then a glorious matching tube top that highlights the massive chasm between her fuckmounds. As I look at her face, I can still see she is out of breath from her solo act, but her mouth is slightly open and her eyes are locked on my long cock, forgotten in my hand. 

I can see the sheen of sweat over Elizabeth's body from her orgasm, and watch her hips sway as she walk towards me, eyes never leaving my cock. As she gets closer, I see that the whole front of the boy shorts is darker from her gushing pussy, and I can see twin trails of juice running down both legs. She stops a foot in front of me, and leansover towards me while placing her hands on my knees, her eyes finally breaking contact with my dick to look into my eyes. "Let's check the fit on this suit, we want to choose the right one." she says to me, pushing my knees together and straddling me, pressing her pussy soaked shorts against my strawberry scented pole. 

I pull her to me under the pretense of checking the top, sliding my fingers along the edges of where it barely encases her glorious tits, pulling it slowly off I whisper in your ear that I need to check the inside too, tossing the tube top to the side with no pretense of actually inspecting it. With Elizabeth's tits free, I lift each one slowly, feeling the perfect curves and weight as they rest in my hands, sliding my thumbs over her hard nipples and then pinching each one gently as I feel her gasp against me. 

Elizabeth's hands aren't idle as I do this, reaching between us to feel the entire length of my shaft and my swollen cock head, she grinds against it with her soaked cunt, pushing the folds of her suit into her pussy as she slide it up and down the back of my shaft. By now we are both gasping for breath and I have her delicious tits to my mouth, alternating sucking each hardened nipple and running my tongue across their pink perfect surfaces. 

With an effort of agonizing will, I pull myself away from them to watch her beautiful face, eyes closed, head back, enjoying the sensation of my cock on the outside of her pussy. I can't take it anymore and with a lust filled growl I envelop her in my arms, pulling her hair from her neck and kissing her just behind her ear, I lift us both off the chair and flip us so that I can lay her in it. 

Elizabeth's eyes are glazed over with lust, and she moan as my fingers work their way under the tight soaking boy shorts, peeling them back from my prize as she lifts her hips to help. As I get them past her drooling cunt, the smell of her juices puts me in autopilot and I slide the shorts off her toned legs. I push her legs apart and slide her sticky lips apart to see the inner pinkness of her freshly fingered fuck-hole. The juices from her pussy run down my fingers as I lean in and place my tongue on her outer lips, drawing one of them in and sucking the sweet slick honey from them. 
