 I had a sleepless night, tossing and turning every half hour. I cussed the clock, wanting so desperately to sleep. About 3am, my mind played the coming morning over and over in my big brain, awakening my little brain. My cock grew rigid. I rolled to my wife Ann, her soft breathing letting me know she was asleep. I saddled up behind her, spooning her body with mine. I slid my hand down over her cheek, lifting softly as I pushed my cock toward her hole. I knew if I hit her cunt, I could slowly push my way in, and fuck her softly. Her body would respond, flooding her sex. As she woke, I would slide my hand over her hip, down between her legs, and softly tease her clit. Years of experience with her allowed me to think through the whole act. Best part, I would be satisfied, and maybe get to sleep.

Nudging her, I pushed her torso away slightly, aligning my cock with her cunt. Lifting her globe, I pushed my cock to her, finding her opening, and pushing forward slightly. As I pushed, her breathing changed, she began to wake. Wiggling, I pushed my cock into her body. A small, throaty gasp escaped as she reached over her hip to my hip, her finger nails digging in slightly, pulling me harder against her body. A loud groan filled my senses as she arched her hips back to me, opening her channel for quick penetration. Her leg raised straight up, bent at the knee, rolling slightly to me. I moved quickly, my hand dropping to her slit, feeling her dry clit. I circled it gently, stroking back and forth over the sensitive flesh as I drove my cock deeper. Pulling out, I could feel her juices just starting to coat my rigid cock. I scraped along my cock, gathering some wetness to spread over her clit. With each stroke, her juices coated me, allowing deep, swift penetration. After several more strokes, several dips of my fingers along my soaked cock, I had smeared her juices over the engorged clit, her labia, and down her slit. 

With my finger flat on her button, I massaged it quickly, softly. Her hand covered mine as I pushed her body to an orgasm. My breathing grew ragged, my balls churning, mind flooding my senses with the need to fill her cunt with my cream. But I forced myself to wait, focusing on anything that would let me drive her to orgasm first. Faster, harder, I raked my finger over her clit, mashing it from side to side, flattening the flesh against her pubic bone, rotating my finger over the hard nub. I stroked her hard, slamming my hips to her ass, grinding my flesh into hers, wanting to stuff her body with my cock meat.

"Yes baby," she moaned. "Almost," she whispered, her voice trailing off. Knowing her body, I could hear her orgasm approaching in her breathing. As she exploded into her first orgasm, her breath caught in her lungs, her head jerked backwards, her tits thrust upwards, her legs clamped shut, squeezing my invading, penetrating cock hard. I slammed my hips hard against her backside, driving every inch of my manhood deep into her body. She growled deep in her throat. A sweetness to her throaty moans flipped my switch, my balls exploded. 

"God," I muttered, teeth clenched, chin driven to my chest as my nuts contracted, spitting my cum into my cock. Muscles spasmed, cum jettisoned upwards, out through the eye. Several spurts later, I was pulling hard on her hip bone, pulling her petite body to me, grinding our sexes together. My orgasm passed quickly. Laying there, she melded against me, my cock deflated slowly, pulling from her cunt. I leaned to kiss her shoulder as she moaned softly. Sleep retook her quickly.

I rolled away, anticipating sleeping.

I woke with the alarm, 6:30am. I glanced around the room, light filtering in the darkness of the room. I could hear the dogs, awakened by the alarm. The 6-yr old female golden had no brains, her raucous shaking noisy. She was very happy to start the morning. 

I arose, my cock stiff, headed to the bathroom. I stood to piss, but changed my mind. I turned, sat, and emptied my body of all that I could. I then brushed away the morning mouth, and jumped into the shower. Hot, pouring, cascading water over my body, I stroked my cock softly. I washed my flesh hard, cleaning each pore. I wanted a clean tool. I scrubbed my ass. Dani deserved a clean body. I wanted her tongue all over my body, every crevice, every hole. I would do hers! I expected the same clean body.

My mind wandered. What if she had fucked someone during the night? Would she be as demanding on a clean body? I frowned, concerned that another's cum may be in her cunt. Should I ask her? I did not want to eat another's cum! Shaking my head, I was grossed out. "Yuck," I said outloud.

"Yuck what," my wife asked as she entered the bathroom. I pretended not to hear her, dropping my head under the showerhead to rinse the shampoo out of my hair. Better that way.

"Hey," I quipped to her as I stood a moment later. I rinsed my hair thoroughly. 

"What got into you last night?" the wife asked. 

"Horny got in," I responded, grinning.

"Got time for horny this morning?" she inquired.

"Sorry babe," I grunted as she grabbed my cock. My hips jumped to her as her fingers reached underneath my cock meat to rake her nails over my hanging sac and balls. "Hey, not fair," I chuckled. "Maybe tonight," I quickly followed.

"Then I am going to go back to bed and do it myself," she whispered, an evil grin spreading across her face. "You want to watch?" she asked in a conniving tone. She knew, if I watched, I would join her, bury my big cock, and fuck her senseless. I gave her a look, and reached for my razor. Off she went.

I wondered if Dani shaved? Would she have a clean shaven mound? Lips? I could not breathe. I closed my eyes, a picture of a young, firm stomach flooded my mind, a puffy mound, engorged lips, and a hard clit passed quickly before my brain's eye. I had to reach my growing cock, stroke a time or two. I grabbed my shorts, stuffing a chubbed cock into my sweats as I got dressed. I glanced around the door jam, glancing at the bed. Ann was busy, her hands quickly working her cunt to her orgasm. One hand spread her lips, the other mashed her clit, thrashing the sensitive bud back and forth. And she was vocal this morning. Never dull in the sex department, she was describing my fantasies while masturbating for me. Enticing me! My cock grew rigid again, this time wanting to stuff my wife's pussy and fuck her blind. 

I had to leave! I wanted my cock fresh for Dani!

"Richard," she screamed. "Oh god baby, so good," she groaned very loudly. "Yes!" she screamed. I moved to stand in the doorway. Her legs clamped together, she rolled to look my way. "I am so bad," she told me in hushed tones. "I had one of your women from the office do me while you watched," she grinned. "I love your fantasy," her voice trailed off. 

"Ann," I said with indignation in my voice. "I may just take you up on that some day," I quipped. "Then what? You would have to perform for me Honey," I followed. 

"Promises! Promises!" she retorted, her tongue licking her lips. "Maybe we both could fuck her," her eyebrows arched, a lustful look crossing her face. 

"Ann, what's got into you this morning?" I asked.

"Horny got in Baby," she responded softly. "Horny got in!"

I knew that feeling. With my pulse racing higher than normal, I finished dressing, throwing on a t-shirt and my tennis shoes, kissed my evil wife good bye, and headed out. I grabbed a coffee from the shop on the way in, and arrived about 8:10am. Mine was the only car in the lot so I headed in. I arrived at my office, standing at the window to watch traffic pass the building for a moment. I noticed Dani's car arrive, parking next to mine near the door.

My mind raced. Planning! Should I assume anything? Was she anticipating getting fucked this morning? We had moved cautiously toward it. The time spent together, the glances, the flirtations. Within minutes, Dani was at my door.

"Morning Rich," she offered. 

"Morning yourself," I answered, looking up from the paperwork on my desk. Dressed in a pair of dark blue sweat pants, 3-thin, yellow stripes up the sides, and a matching pull over hoody, she looked good. The sweats were snug, form fitting material. I looked to the shape of her ass as she bent slightly to place her coffee cup on my office conference table. Glancing to me, she found me staring at her backside. I diverted my eyes to hers, a grin crossing her young face. "Love your sweat suit," I offered. "Very nice," I followed. "Really? I hadn't noticed you even saw them," she said very sarcastically. Her hands reached back, palms flat to her backside, fingers pointing down. Looking directly to me, she arched her shoulders back, lifting her breasts. Her hands slid slowly down over her ass, fingers wrapping around the bottom of her globes. Flexing her fingers, she lifted, pulling her ass up slightly. I knew that feeling, your ass cheek muscles flex underneath your fingers as you pull your hands back upwards.

"Oh yes," I muttered out loud, watching her caress her ass. My cock jumped in my sweats, chubbing quickly, growing in length and width. "Ok," I stated, turning my chair, rising to move to my small office conference table. Sitting, I watched as Dani raised one finger.

"I'll be right back," she said, moving quickly to exit my office. I watched her backside as she rounded the corner. I shuffled in my chair, my hands grabbing my sweats, pulling the legs down to get room for a hardening cock. Damn he felt good! I squeezed the head once, twice, and a third time. I jumped slightly as Dani rounded the corner. Her eyes diverted to my crotch as I pulled my hand away. Returning her gaze quickly to my eyes, a short, awkward second passed. Recognition showed in her eyes.

"How do you want me?" Dani asked. I sat stunned. "On your side, opposite side?" she continued. She placed a pile of papers on the table.

"How about here," I said as I pointed to the adjacent chair. "Easier to show me your exhibits," I continued. She moved to my side of the table, pulling the chair back, she glided in, sitting quickly. Seconds later, her smell drifted into my nostrils. A subtle perfume, musky, enveloped me. 

"Ok," she drew the word out. "Here we have the," she hesitated, looking at me as I inhaled her smell.

"You smell good," I whispered.

"Thanks," she replied softly. She continued to stare into my eyes. Our dance began. I turned my chair to her, turning her body as well. My knees were separated by her left leg, her knee perfectly placed between my knees. I reached to her knee, my hands placed on each side. Leaning forward, I patted her leg softly back and forth between my hands, watching her face. She looked to my hands. I scooted forward, her knee now mid thigh. My knees touched her chair. My hands caressed up her thigh. I watched my fingers, sliding softly, my hands flexing, kneading the soft flesh. I pushed further, my fingers at the crux of her sex, barely an inch from her womanhood. No breathing, no words, nothing spoken. My fingers stretched the last inch, a sudden gasp of air escaped her as I touched her, my fingertip searching for entry to her slit, to touch her clit through the material.

"Richard," she whispered, hesitating as my finger found her button. I flicked it back and forth softly, gently. Her mouth dropped open, her eyes widened. With my other hand, I reached to her, sliding behind her ear, pulling her to me. I moved slowly, our lips barely apart, breathing shallow. I pushed my left hand upwards, curling my middle finger, extending to slip between her folds of her cunt. A small rush of air escaped her lips as I captured her mouth in a series of soft kisses. I probed her sex, sliding up and down her slit. I added a second finger to rake over her clit as I moved up and down. Her legs widened. Her tongue darted into my mouth as we moved forward, our kiss getting deeper. Her right hand moved to cover my probing fingers, her other rose to grab my bicep. Our kisses lingered. I could feel my probing her cleft in her kisses. With each flick over her clit, her mouth hesitated, then aggressively returned my kiss. She moaned into my mouth, surrendering to me.

Her sweats were getting wet, and I wanted better access to her. Kissing her, I pulled back, standing inches from her, the bulge protruding visibly. I caressed her hair as she stared at my sweats. Long seconds passed, her hand slowly moved up my leg, her fingers wrapped my cock like she was holding a snow cone, pulling it to her mouth. As her fingers wrapped the girth, she moaned deeply.

"Oh my god," she whispered softly. I pushed her back, moving to close my door and lock it. I did not want to be disturbed. I returned to her, pulling her up to stand with me. I leaned to her, wrapping my arms around her lithe body, pulling her close. My cock poked at her. I moved to flatten it between our bodies as I snuggled against her chest. I could feel her tits mash against me. I kissed her hard, deep.

We needed time for exploration. I did not want to rush fucking this incredible young woman. I wanted to please her, to move her toward many orgasms, to have her completely satisfied and wanting more of me. Stepping back, I offered her the floor, gesturing open palm up, pointing at the floor. She grinned, moving down to the floor. I moved to join her quickly. Laying to her left side, I slid my arm under her neck, lifting her mouth to mine as our bodies pressed together. I pushed my leg between her thighs, my thigh firmly on her mound. I added pressure, pushing against her. Her leg wrapped over mine, pulling me to her. Our kisses grew in intensity, our breathing changed as we played. Softly, but firmly, I slid my hand down her back. Reaching the bottom of her sweatshirt, I slid my hand to her bare skin. Caressing, I moved up and down her back, massaging, raking my nails gently. I moved to unsnap her bra. Her back was free of the intruding strap. 

I slowly moved to slide my hand around her body, my fingers raking my nails along her skin. Leaning back, looking deep into my eyes, we stared at each other as my fingers found her breast, sliding quickly to cover her soft flesh. As my thumb and finger surrounded her hard nipple, I rolled the flesh, watching her. Her body arched to me, pushing her tit to my hand. Her eyes flashed, her hand reached to the back of my head, pulling me forward, kissing me firmly. Her tongue darted deep into my mouth. I pinched her nipple hard, rolling the sensitive flesh back and forth as we kissed. Her hips humped against my thigh. Her hand ran down my body, quickly locating my hard cock. Pulling back up, her hand slipped under my waist band, pushing into my underwear. I reached to untie my sweats, my hand leaving her tit. Her disappointed groan filtered my senses. I quickly moved to envelop her tit again, my thumb rolling over the hard nipple, pinching firmly. Her fingers wrapped my hard cock. Stroking quickly, she squeezed hard. A growl erupted in her throat as she pumped my cock. Pulling up over the head, her finger traced the eye. Quickly withdrawing her hand, she sucked the finger into her mouth, her eyes focused on mine. "MMmmmmmmmm," she growled.

Dani pushed me to the side, moving up over me. With her hands beside my shoulders, she leaned to kiss my neck, nipping with each kiss. Rising, she took the bottom hem of my sweatshirt, pulling it up over my head. I rocked, freeing my arms as she tossed it aside. Pulling up my t-shirt, she leaned quickly to me, taking my man nipple in the teeth, the tongue flicking the flesh as she nipped. Her hands dropped to my chest, nails raking the skin as she chewed on my flesh. Licking along, she traversed my chest, taking the other nipple into her mouth, her teeth grabbing the nipple, holding lightly but firmly as her tongue danced over the hairy flesh. "I do like a manly chest," she growled deeply, inhaling my scent. Licking all around my pectoral muscle, she nipped at the flesh over and over as she moved about. Pushing her body down between my legs, she kissed, nipped her way to my abdomen. I anticipated her, my hips rocking, my hard cock constrained under my sweats. Without hesitating, she kissed down my sweats, finding my hard shaft, kissing gently. Her mouth opened, she grabbed my hard cock lightly through the material, nibbling along the side up and down. As she approached the head, she pushed it into her mouth, material and all. My hips lurched involuntarily, pushing against her lips. I grabbed her head, wanting to pull her down. I hesitated.

"Want me to suck it," Dani asked. "Want me to suck your hard cock," she asked again. I shook my head affirmative repeatedly. "Let's take it out then," she cooed, reaching to untie the string. Loosening the band, she deliberately pulled the material down, grabbing the waistband of my briefs as she did. My cock, exposed, stood straight up my body. "Oh my," she blankly stated. Hooking the sweats under my ball sac, Dani fisted my cock at the base, her second hand sliding against her first. Standing my cock straight up, she ran her thumb up the underside, squeezing any fluid to the eye. A bubble of precum appeared. Moving slowly, her tongue extended, Dani dabbed her tongue into the clear fluid, swirling slightly into the eye. As her lips contoured to my cock, my body jumped upwards, shoving my cock to her mouth. The head passed her lips, pressing firmly against the pearly white teeth. She nipped gently, grabbing the flesh of the eye. My senses jumped, my nuts contracting to protection mode. Almost hurt, I hesitated. Dani sensing the sting, released my flesh. Her lips spread over the head, sucking it into her mouth. As her lips wrapped over the large head, her teeth clamped down underneath the crown. Her tongue swirled all over the head, coating me with her saliva. She moaned softly.

My hands frozen in mid air, I absorbed her sucking, feeling each sensation as she twisted the head of my cock in her mouth. Her hands slammed up and down my shaft, pulling any remnant fluids up my shaft, sucking them into her mouth. She watched me intently. 

"You have a big cock," she said matter of fact as she pulled back, stroking my cock with her hands. "A big big cock," she followed. Leaning, her mouth thrown open, she took the head of my cock into her mouth. Her body raised, her neck extending, lengthening. Closing her eyes, she pushed her head forward, impaling more cock into her mouth. I could see her, her mouth closing slightly, her jaw dropping, the lips extending as she gulped more cock into her mouth. Closing her lips, her tongue slid around my shaft. She had about 3-inches in her mouth. Pulling back, off, she licked her lips. Quickly, she dropped to my cock, her mouth open, shoving the 3-inches, cramming more into her mouth. I felt her throat contract, a quick gag reflex halted her movement. She pulled off abruptly. A tear trickled from her eye. "I'm going to cum just sucking you," she whispered huskily. "Oh God I need it," she whispered as she again dropped to suck my cock flesh into her mouth. With her mouth wide open, I felt her throat relax, that instant before impaling her deep. As her throat adapted to my size, I reached to pull her down my shaft hard, my fingers intertwining in her hair. I pushed her down, her nose pressed into my pubic hair. Her hand flattened around my cock and thumb over my sac. She pushed off quickly. "Yes," she grunted, dropping to devour me again. Now, her throat relaxed, her need evident, Dani bobbed on me, shoving my cock deep into her face and throat. She sucked me hard. Grabbing my balls, she squeezed firmly, her thumb running over the balls, stretching to caress the sensitive skin between the sac and asshole. 

I humped her face, lifting my hips, my ass flexing to shove my cock deep into her face. I lifted a foot off the floor, driving my rigid cock into her mouth. Closing my eyes, I absorbed her, feeling her suck me, her teeth raking the shaft as she lifted, then bobbed back down. My cock throbbed! I reached to grab her fleece covered tit. Grabbing a hand full, I pulled back to the nipple, trying to roll it between my finger and thumb. She slid down my shaft, my mind lost thought. I focused on my cock, stopping my hand in mid squeeze. She increased the tempo, bobbing, twisting, jerking my cock in all directions, all depths, teeth raking, lips sucking. I lost cognizant thought. I was my cock.
