 Ellen is a petite brunette in our office. She has long straight brown hair and big brown eyes. She always wears short, tight skirts and strappy heels to show off her shapely long legs and pretty feet. Some of the in the office guys swear she doesn't wear panties, just a garter belt and stockings. I always thought it was just the usual response to a sexy woman that doesn't sleep around the office.

One afternoon, I was working overtime on a project. The office was almost empty when Ellen came by my cubical. "I'm having a problem with my computer, could you help me out?"

"Sure," I replied, "I would be happy to help you."

We walked back to her corner cubical. "There's a cable disconnected from my machine and I don't know where it's supposed to plug in. 

I got down on my knees and crawled under the desk. Sure enough, there was the loose cable. I reconnected it and asked her to try it.

"Oh, hey, that works great! Thank you so much."

I rolled over and started to slide out from under the desk. "Is there anything else I can help out with?"

As I came out from under the desk, I saw Ellen sitting down, her chair blocking my way out. My gaze started with her feet, her nails painted a sexy red, wrapped in black heels that accented her delicate arches and circled her ankles in wide buckled bands. Her shapely calves tensed and parted as my eyes rose until I could see all the way up her skirt and, just as the rumor mill said, she was not wearing any panties. Her trimmed brown hair formed a soft wedge that closely matched a tan line created by what must have been a very tiny thong. My cock stiffened at the sight.

"Well, there are a couple of other connections you could check," Ellen said, with a sly look on her face. She winked at me and spread her legs a little wider, while drawing her skirt up with one hand. She slid a foot between my legs and rubbed it over the bulge in my pants, her toes wriggling against my hard shaft. "Maybe I need something else plugged in."

"Let me see what I can do," I said as I sat up and pulled her chair to me. Her pussy was only inches from my face now and I could smell its sweet, musky aroma. I leaned into her crotch and ran my tongue over her slit.

"Ooh, that feels so good. Eat my pussy. Oh, yes that's it!" Ellen said in a breathy voice and slid her ass forward in the chair, giving me full access to her sweet pussy. 

I plunged my tongue between her labia and began to lick her from top to bottom.

"Lick me, lick me, stick your tongue in my pussy," she moaned.

I slid my tongue into her as far as I could and rubbed my nose against her clit. I could taste her honey as it began to flow and lapped hungrily at her sweet juices.

"Oh yes! Oh; oh, oh, oh; yes!" 

Ellen started to writhe, grinding her hips on the chair, pushing her pussy into face. I responded by sliding my tongue down her slit and around her little pink rosebud. I paused then pushed my tongue up into her.

Ellen squealed and squirmed as I felt her sphincter pulse and grab at my intruding tongue. Her hands gripped my head forcing my tongue in deeper.

"Ooh!" She gasped in a breathy voice, "You are such a bad boy; sticking your tongue in my ass! Ooh; yes; yes!

I rammed my tongue in and out of her, rimming and reaming as she squirmed and moaned, her hands gripping the back of my head, forcing my nose against her clit.

"Yes! Yes! Oh, I'm going to come! Ooh; ream my ass with your tongue."

I reached up and rubbed her clit with my fingers. Her hips shuddered and bucked in the chair.

She gasped, her breathing ragged, "I'm coming! I'm coming! Ooh, ooh, ooh; ah!"

She jammed a fist in her mouth to keep from crying out. I continued to rub her clit and lick her asshole and as she rode the waves of her orgasm, I could hear moans and whimpers escape around her fingers.

I gently licked Ellen's pussy until she calmed down. Then I sat back and watched her. She sprawled in her chair, the rosy flush of her orgasm full in her face and her big brown eyes wide with astonishment. She looked stunning.

"Where did you learn to do that? That was so intense I thought I was going to fall out of the chair!" Ellen said in wide-eyed wonder.

"Oh, I saw it in a movie once, or twice. You certainly seemed to enjoy it."

"Enjoy it? I loved it so much I'm going to take you home and chain you to my bed so I can have more whenever I want." Ellen said with a grin. "But there is something I want now!"

Ellen stood up and helped me up. She kissed me lustily, forcing her tongue into my mouth as her hands fondled my ass. Then she gently pushed me down in her chair, bent down, unbuttoned my pants, and pulled out my aching cock. It was hard as a rock and pre-come bubbled and seeped from the tip as her hands fondled my shaft. I could now see down her blouse to her shapely breasts, unfettered by a bra and capped by stiff pink nipples. 

Ellen looked up at me and asked, "Do you like the view?"

I replied, "Very much, can I get a closer look?"

Ellen stood up and placed her foot on the chair under my throbbing cock. Her toes caressed my balls as my pre-come dripped over them. She unbuttoned her blouse, leaned over, and clasping her arms around my head, pulled me to her breasts. I tongued her stiff nipples, sucking one, and then the other. She sighed and wiggled her now slippery toes against my shaft. One at a time, I sucked each breast as far into my mouth as I could and pressed and flicked the nipple with my tongue. Ellen's eyes fluttered closed, she moaned, and sagged against me, her foot buckling off the chair as another orgasm washed over her. I caught her and slowly lowered her to her knees in front of me.

"Are you alright?" I asked as she rested her head in my lap.

Ellen looked up at me and sighed, "I'm fine, but I thought I was going to pass out for a moment." Her eyes locked on my cock, inches from her face and dripping pre-come. 

"Mm." she said and grasped the shaft with one hand, "Now it's your turn." 

She slipped the head of my cock into her mouth and gently sucked me, running her tongue around the rim. Then, ever so slowly, she slid her mouth down over my shaft until my entire cock disappeared inside her. Her lips touched the base of my cock and she moaned deep in her throat. I saw colors explode before my eyes and I drew a ragged breath as her throat pulsed around my buried shaft.

"Oh Ellen, that feels," I gasped, "wonderful!"

Ellen looked up at me with her big brown eyes and winked. She slowly slid my cock out of her throat. My cock dripped thick strings of saliva and she stroked the slick shaft with one hand, as she grinned up at me.

"I know a few tricks myself," Ellen said sweetly. Then, in a very seductive voice she added, "I'm going to make you come now. Come in my mouth!"

I twitched involuntarily at the thought. "Okay." was all I managed to say.

Ellen slid her mouth down my cock to the base again, the muscles of her throat clasping the swollen head. I felt her tongue gliding around the hard shaft as it slid past. She slid back up until only the head remained between her red lips. Ellen grasped the slippery shaft and pumped it slowly as her tongue flicked rapidly around the base of the head.

I squirmed in the chair as the delicious sensations coursed through me like electricity, building in intensity until I could feel a pulsing start deep in my groin. 

Ellen must have felt it also. She slid her mouth back down my shaft until her lips brushed my balls, swallowing convulsively.

That was the trigger that pushed me over the edge. I grasped the sides of the chair as spasms forced my hips to buck, pumping spurts of come down Ellen's throat. I clenched my teeth, trying not to cry out, as she swallowed, each contraction generating another spasm until I thought my balls would turn inside out. I finally grasped her head and gently pulled her up off my cock before I passed out.

Ellen looked up at me, licking her lips. "Thanks for plugging me in," she purred contentedly.

"Anytime," I said weakly, feeling numb from the waist down, "anytime at all."

With a mischievous look in her eyes, Ellen replied, "Now that you mention it, I have been having some trouble with my home computer."

...what you gonna do in those shoes?