 She had been running reports all morning. It was tedious work, but oh well it had to be done right? She was the only one in the office. That was something that made her very very thankful. 

She was startled by a knock on the office door. "Who could that be," she thought. When she opened up the door she found a young man, mid twenties with brown hair and hazel eyes. "Hello, I've come to fix that leak under the kitchen sink."

She showed him to the kitchen and went back to her desk, which oddly enough faced the kitchen door and she could watch him work. He was wearing jeans and a black t-shirt, and carried a tool box so heavy it made the muscles in his arm ripple. 

She caught more than a couple glances at his cute ass as he was bent under the sink working on the pipes. "I wish he'd examine my plumbing," she thought. Then stifled the laugh that came out of her. 

She went into the kitchen and offered him a cup of coffee. When she brought him the coffee she made sure she got close enough to lightly brush herself against his bare arm. She ran her fingers through her hair tossing it back, making sure he could see her bare neck. God, she's never flirted this heavily with a man in a long time, and it felt so damn sexy. 

He noticed too, because she seemed to turn on the charm, making her laugh. His smile was angelic she wanted to kiss him so much it was torture.

He finished, took his tools back out to the truck then retuned to bring the invoice for his services. He handed her the bill which she laid on the conference table so that the owner could find it when he came in later, and started to turn away to go back to her desk when she felt his strong hand on her arm pulling her around, pulling her into his arm.

He kissed her, and she did not pull away. Instead she invited his tongue into her mouth. They kissed for a long time pressed hard against each other. He unbuttoned her pink sweater peeling it off of her then unclasped her bra from behind. His hands went to her breast, he could feel her chest heaving as he touched her.

She let her hands slip under his t-shirt pulling it up and over his head so that they both stood shirtless by the conference table. He unbuttoned her pants slipping them down to the floor and she likewise unbuttoned his jeans letting them fall where they wanted. 

He then picked her up and sat her down on the edge of the conference table pushing her down till she was flat on her back with her legs hanging over the side. He kissed her neck, working his way over her breast down to her stomach then finally to her wet pussy. He moved her thong to the side and let his tongue dive into her. She screamed, and he loved the taste of her. He licked her hard and fast letting his saliva mix with her sex juice. She threw her legs over his shoulders as he ate her. She came quickly, she was so hot that it didn't take long and she was aching to kiss him again. She plunged her fingers into his hair pulling him up gently until they were once again face to face. They kissed hard and fast. She sat up for a moment and pulled down his boxer briefs. She wrapped her hand around his hard cock and slid it into her without a second thought. "Fuck me," she said. "I want to feel you inside me."

He fucked her so hard she had to hold on to her breasts to keep them steady. She pinched her nipples hard letting the pain mix with the pleasure. She could hear him grunting and moaning and she loved it. Those sounds made her so much hotter. She wrapped her legs around him pulling him deeper into her. 

She pulled her up to him so that they could kiss as they fucked. She could feel his dick sliding in and out of her so hard, so fast. God, it was like perfect pleasure. The head of his cock was pounding against her g-spot over and over. She thought she was going to die. Then she exploded in orgasm, as he too spasmed in pleasure. They rode each other's waves until the sensations were gone then they continually kissed as they helped each other dress. 

Finally when he was ready to go, he picked up the invoice for his services, ripped it in half and said, "This time it's on me, " as he walked out of the door leaving her standing by the conference table with a satisfied smile on her face.