 It was still mostly dark in the guest room when he woke up, and that coupled with the last clinging feelings of fatigue resulted in a brief moment of confused panic. No, he knew where he was. And he had to go to the bathroom. He stood, and in his boxers snuck through the hall to the bathroom. Cool, he had remembered where it was. He did his thing, washed his hands, and stepped back into the hallway ready to catch a few more winks before morning caught up with him. But something gave him pause. 

He stood, frozen in the hallway with one hand still on the door knob, as he strained his ears to catch the sound he thought he had heard. There it was the unmistakable electric hum and the tiniest gasp he had ever heard. Now he was intrigued. Turning around, he crept towards the source of the sound. He was already getting hard, just from the thought that she might be doing what he thought she was, and as he neared the sound, his hear thrummed in his chest.

After a moment of hesitation he peeked and saw her sitting on the couch in her pajamas. He had always found her to be pretty, with long black hair and dark eyes that you could fall into, but until recently that's all she had ever been. His pretty, but entirely unavailable, friend. Recently, though she remained pretty and unavailable, there had been added to the mix a certain sexuality that seemed to inspire in both of them an unquenchable thirst. Or perhaps the thirst had been there always, but they had only just discovered a harmless and mostly innocent way to quench it. Whatever the case, he saw her now with the strap and neckline of her white tank-top stretched down, exposing her breast. They weren't large, but as the purple head of her plastic toy buzzed the pink nipple into stiffness, he envied the vibrator and the growing tent in the front of his underwear. 

When she turned the toy off and stood up, he felt a sudden surge of panic. She was finished? Was she going to come this way? He had missed it? But then her fingers gripped the waistband of those baggy cotton pants and pulled them down. He watched in rapt fascination as she bent over to pull them off her feet. His teeth tugged his lower lip between them as that pale round ass was displayed to him, complete with the faintest sight of her sex peeking out between her thighs. Then she stood and reclined a little on the couch, with her legs open, but her back to him. With some shock he realized his own hand had crept into his shorts and curled around his stiff arousal. This was too far, her husband was gone... but his girlfriend was still asleep in the guest room. He should go back to bed, and use what he had seen here to get himself off in the shower later, or to imagine the next time he convinced his girlfriend to have sex with him. 

That's what he should have done. But it isn't what he did. The airy moan that slipped from her mouth as he was making up his mind to leave destroyed his resolve, and though he couldn't see just what she was doing with that humming toy, he stayed and watched her do it. For a couple of minutes, he was content to stroke himself with her, his cock twitching in his hand every time he heard her make a sound. But lust had made him bold, and he had to see what he was missing. 

With his erection in his hand, stroking lightly, he snuck over to the couch, and peered down at her. Her eyes were closed in ecstasy, and her hips lifted sporadically to grind the firm nub of her clit against the vibrating tip of her toy dick. The other hand trailed over her throat, and across her breast, then down the white plain of her stomach to her toy. She cooed as both hands worked at her, and before he could stop himself he echoed her with a small grunt of appreciation. Her eyes snapped open, and his face whirled to meet hers. There was no way for him to get out of this now... he was fucked. 

But she just smiled faintly at him, and lifted her hips again, this time to slip the rubber dick into her wet cunny. Her eyes flickered to his stroking hand and then back to his eyes. She squirmed a little and all she said was, "Mmm." 

Taking the gesture for encouragement, he reached out his free hand, and ran his fingertips over the flesh of her breast, capturing the pink nipple between his thumb and index finger, he gently pinched and squeezed.

"Ooo." Another noise came from her at his touch, and she brought one hand away from herself to beckon at him with one, moist finger, when he didn't understand the hand moved to his thigh, scratching lightly with her nails, before she pushed his hand away. Then, those fingers curled around his shaft and she gently tugged him towards her, lifting her head to send the tip of her pink tongue forth. The warm, wet, muscle barely flicked against the very tip of his cock. It was just enough to make his legs quiver as she placed a soft, suckling kiss to the head of him. And as her tongue coated the rigid staff with saliva, he reached back to her breasts squeezing and kneading with one hand even as the other combed through her long dark hair. She continued to work the vibrator in and out, even as she sucked at him.

"Shhiit." He hissed as his cock disappeared between her lips, being engulfed in the hot, wet cavern of her mouth he closed his eyes with the realization that it was indeed every bit as good as he had imagined it in his shower at home. But it wasn't what he was after. She bobbed her head for a moment more, and his hand moved from her hair to lightly stroke her cheek. "Can I..."

She rolled her eyes up to his with a questioning look, but the tightness of her lips, and the suction applied to his arousal had stolen his ability to speak, and so with some reluctance on both sides, she pulled him from her mouth with a soft pop and licked her lips. "Can you what?" She teased.

"I...I want you." He stammered through nervousness and lust. It was breaking so many rules, and crossing so many lines he swore he would never cross, he knew she had the same qualms, but at the moment, it just seemed right. She stood up, and for a moment, he thought he had crossed the line, but she just pressed her body against his, pressing his hard cock against her soft thigh as she whispered in his ear. 

"Then take me." 

That was all he needed. Like a man possessed he turned her then, and tossed her over the back of the couch sideways. Her chest squished against the upholstery, the rounded corner pressed firmly against that soft triangle of flesh above her slit, and her ass and thighs displayed just as they had been when she took off her pants. He drank in the sight of her, and though she immediately parted her thighs to offer herself to him, he still cupped her pussy in his palm to feel her wetness. She whimpered when she realized it was his hand touching her, and not what she wanted, and so he replaced his fingers with the velvety head of his arousal. He rubbed himself against the outside of her sex, coating himself in her freely flowing juices, and leaving on her skin the bead of precum that clung to the swollen head of his cock. 

Then he took her, forcefully, roughly shoving his hips against her until their skin met, his sparse tuft of coarse her against her ass and his balls against her thighs. He rested there for a moment, his hands kneading and squeezing the fleshy cheeks he pressed against. And then he laid his hands on the small of her back, and slid his cock out, only to thrust it back in just as quickly, there was no build up, no slow start. There were only his hands, grasping her by the hips, and his hips driving his rock hard cock into her wet, velvet heaven.

Soon he was panting as he pistoned, the short ragged breaths mingling with the lewd slapping of their skin. Her quiet grunts and softer moans rose to meet the light groans and whispered curses of the man behind her. He held her hips so tight as he fucked her that he knew there would be fingerprints, maybe even bruises when they were finished, but as that thin sheen of perspiration built up between their bodies, he didn't care. He needed to be deeper, quicker, harder .That most base of animal urges possessed him, as it possessed her, and where once there had been moans and words of encouragement now there were only growls and grunts, and the occasional primeval sound of pleasure that pushed both of them towards the pinnacle of ecstasy.

She reached it first, gasping and burying her face in the upholstery to muffle the loudness of her cries. Her muscles clenched around his roughly driving shaft, her body quivered and her legs shook until she collapsed, supporting all of her weight on the couch. Now she was simply letting herself be pummeled by the gasping, grasping, sweating man behind her, whose groans finally came to a head as he bent over her, pressing his inflamed chest against her hot back, simply too exhausted from the pursuit to keep himself supported as the final thrust planted his cock in her up to the base. He spasmed and jerked as he emptied his seed in her belly. The groan that voiced his climax was hoarse and broken by gasps, even muffled as it was by his lips pressed against the lightly perspiring skin of her back. His breath was hot, but so was the flood of his sticky gift inside her. And then with one more thrust, just for good measure, he rested atop her. 

There was very little time to bask in the afterglow, as the pair caught their breath, heaving lightly against each other, with his softening member resting against her thighs and her wetness pressed against the couch, they knew there would be a disgusting mess, and he could feel the moisture coating her thighs even as she felt it flowing from her. Then the guest room door creaked open, and it was over. The bathroom door closed and he grabbed his boxers, darting into the guest room, leaving her to clean up the signs of their tryst. But that morning at breakfast, there was the knowing grin, the slight blush, and though it was likely to never happen again once he went back home, there was no awkwardness and no regret.