 Chapter Two: The Next Step

Note: Please Chapter One before reading this chapter to gain insight as to what led up to upcoming events.

"What now?" I asked myself as I aimlessly made my way to the parking garage. My head was spinning, my mind was in a dense fog and I was lost in my own world of shock. I didn't know whether I was having a bad dream, but the sound of a car horn blaring startled me back into reality. I got into my car and drove off with my head in a fog. It was a wonder I didn't get into an accident.

Hours after sitting at home I decided to get away for awhile. I made a few phone calls, made my airline and hotel reservations bound for Las Vegas the very next afternoon. With everything set I went over to see Valerie, my neighbor, and told her of my plans and asked if she and her retired husband would mind keeping an eye on my house while I was gone. She was more than happy to oblige and offered to drive me to the airport but I declined gracefully.

Before I realized it I was well on my way to Las Vegas to have some fun, gamble and start a new life alone. The flight was quiet and I was able to get some sleep. When I awoke the plane was beginning its descent. The landing was perfect and the passengers were abuzz about departing as quickly as possible. Gambling fever was rampant on the minds of the people, young and old.

Everyone piled out of the plane like cattle heading for the slaughterhouse. Some were excited while others looked a bit lost in their own world. It was a sight to see as people gathered their luggage and made their way out of the airport. As soon as I got out onto the sidewalk I noticed a limousine with its chauffer standing with my last name printed on a paper sign and walked up to him to introduce myself. 

"Good evening, Ms. Velez. I hope your flight was enjoyable," he said with a slight, but noticeable accent. "My name is Federico Salerno, and I will be driving you to your hotel tonight. If there is anything you need or wish for me to stop along the way, please feel free to tell me."

He appeared Hispanic but he spoke with an Australian accent. After talking to him, I soon learned he was from Australia and worked as a driver part time. We chatted as we made our way out of the airport towards the strip where I was staying. Within minutes we arrived at the front of the Excalibur Hotel. Federico parked the limo at the front entrance, got out to come around and held my door open with an extending hand for me to help me out of the limousine. It was not an expected gesture but it was a welcomed one 

Once he had my suitcase out, he bade me goodbye and said, "I hope to see you again; perhaps tomorrow evening." He lifted my right hand and kissed the top of it gently. As he did this, he slipped a piece of paper into the palm of my hand then looked up and winked at me. I smiled as I discreetly slipped the note into one of my jeans pockets. Seconds later Federico and the limousine were on their way and soon out of sight. I grabbed my suitcase and went into the hotel to register after politely turning down the offer for the use of a porter.

I went to my room and unpacked and showered. Minutes later I remembered the note so I retrieved it from my jeans and unfolded it. The note read: "Tonight, 10:30 p.m. - Merlin's Theater. Go to doorman and give him your name and this note. See U there! - F" I looked at the time, it was almost 7 so I had some time to get dressed, go down and have a bite to eat and do little gambling. 

It was more than a half hour before show time; the line of women snaked around the corner and the noise from their chatter was deafening. I walked past the women, gave my name and handed the note to the doorman. He looked at it, looked at me and smiled.

"Just one minute. I'll be right back," the burly well dressed doorman informed me.

The thick red rope held the anxious women back from barging in. I stood there patiently on the side waiting for the doorman to return. Seconds later he reappears, clutching a red long stem rose and a smile.

He walks past the women at the front of the line, hands me the rose and he extends an arm for me to hold onto. I walk with my arm locked in his past the women, who stare at me with envy on their faces, into the showroom. I'm then seated at a table with three women. Our table is located smack dab in the front and center. We were seated at the V.I.P. table and had our very own waiter who would cater to our needs for drinks which were being taken care of by the men who invited us.

Within minutes the lights began to flicker; only a few whispers could be heard from the audience. The lighting in the theater dims to near darkness then a sudden loud clap of thunder roars through the speakers as if it were traveling across the room. The women scream and cheer; the show begins.

One by one the dancers appear; tantalizing, teasing the women with their seductive dance act and removing items of their clothing to a certain song. A few jump off of the stage and make their way between some of the tables to sit, dance and kiss the cheeks of the lucky few. 

After some time, each of the women on my table is lavished by a special dance from the dancer who invited them. You could hear and feel the heated excitement in the audience. In fact, some of the women wanted more than the men could offer; occasionally one of women in the back area would scream out, "Come over here!" or "I want your body, baby!" The dancer would stay away from the area the shout came from and continue stripping, slowly drawing his act to a close.

When he disappeared, the announcer's voice boomed through the speakers, informing us the next dancer would be the last. The music begins to vibrate throughout the room, the lighting on the center stage slowly brightens and there on center stage was my limo driver, Federico. I could believe my eyes but I also could not keep my eyes off of him as he began dancing to the song "Born to Be Wild". I watched him dance as he made his way to the left and right sides of the stage, dressed as a biker. He was donned in black leather from head to toe; cap, vest, pants and boots. I've always loved leather since I was twelve years old and seeing Federico in his costume mesmerized me.

He danced back and forth across the stage, slowly removing his clothes, one by one, tossing it aside. When he removed his leather pants he revealed a black leather g-string that barely covered his bulging crotch, giving the women a good look at his firm ass as he gyrated and danced to the music. He was a hit with the women with his tanned, muscular body, hair black and wavy that ended just below the shoulder and dark seductive, dreamy eyes; perhaps that is why they save the best for last.

Out of the blue Federico jumped down from the left side of the stage, made his way around the tables to the right then worked his way back to our table. Upon reaching my seat, he pulled my chair back far enough and climbed over, straddling me. I sat there speechless, looking at his oiled body in front of me, taking in the sensuous scent of musk. Gently, he took hold of my face in his hands and lifted it up. Our eyes meet and locked onto one another. I felt him working his hips back and forth, dry humping me. My heart began to beat louder and faster in my chest; I could hear the women cheering and screaming faintly in the background. At the end of my lap dance he leaned down and planted a kiss upon my lips. 

"Wait for me outside in the lobby after the show," he whispered into my ear.

I nodded with a smile as he climbed off of me, jumped back onto the stage to finish his act. The show ended with the entire revue on stage dancing to one last song, leaving the women in heated lust and wanting more.

The women filed out of the showroom into the lobby. All of a sudden a rush of women converged in an area; amidst the women was one of the dancers. One by one, the dancers came out, signed a bunch of autographs, posed for photos with women before gracefully disappearing. I didn't want to get mixed up in the crowd so I waited beside the doorman and watched the crowd slowly dwindle away. Minutes later Federico appeared with a smile.

"I see you got the rose." 

I thanked him and he gave me a kiss on the cheek. He asked if I had any plans and when he learned I didn't, he offered to show me around and have some fun. I accepted. Off we went to have a few drinks, gambled for awhile then ended up having an early morning breakfast. It was nearly four in the morning when he walked me to my room. 

As we stood outside of my hotel room Federico drew me close to him and kissed me. One kiss led to another and we ended up inside of my room. As soon as the door closed, Federico took me into his arms kissing me passionately. His tongue probed deeply into my mouth. His weight gently nudged me against the wall. Within seconds his hands moved to the front of my body, roaming, touching, and exploring.

I moaned when his hand slid under my top; it felt soft against my skin. He cupped my massive bra clad globes and my nipples hardened. I reached down in search of his cock and I found the massive bulge confined in his jeans.

In one swift move he removed my top and his mouth moved down to my heaving tits. He slowly slipped the straps of my bra down my arms then pulled the satin material down, exposing my tits. He reached behind and unsnapped the hooks. The lacy bra fell to the floor between us and Federico's eyes locked onto my tits. I reached up and ran my fingers through his soft, wavy hair, guiding him to feast on my tits.

He bent down and wrapped his lips around my left nipple. His tongue swirled around the hard nub and it drove me wild. A warm sensation between my legs grew warmer as he took turns lavishing my nipples with his wet tongue and lips.

Eventually we made our way to my king size bed. He laid me on my back, climbed over me, planting kisses from my lips, down the sides of my neck to my tits where he lingered awhile sucking on my nipples. He then began traveling down my flat stomach to the waistband of my jeans. Without removing his lips from my body he slowly unbuttoned, unzipped and removed my jeans leaving me naked upon the bed. I could not believe I was laying there waiting for him to take me. I had just met him just hours ago; he was my limo driver, the male dancer who brought the house down a few hours before. There was no denying the way I was feeling and how my pussy was wet with anticipation.

Skillfully Federico worked his way between my legs, kissing my inner thighs. I willingly opened my legs wider for him, giving him easier access. His kisses moved upward towards my wet pussy. I gasped the moment his tongue made contact with my wet pussy lips. 

Slowly he licked up and down my pussy for a few minutes before making contact with my clit. I squirmed as his tongue licked my hard clit and cried out in pleasure when he sucked on it. He was driving me to the brink of orgasm.

"Ooh, ugh, yes, yes," I moaned. "I'm...oh yes, I'm going to cum!"

He lifted his head and in a husky voice he said, "Cum for me baby. I want to taste that sweet pussy juice of yours."

Immediately he drove his tongue into my very wet pussy and starting pumping it in and out. I was in heaven; I had never felt like this before, not even with Jon. 

I grabbed onto the comforter and cried out, "Eat me! Oh yes! Eat my pussy!!! Fuck my cunt with your tongue!"

Orgasmic waves rushed through my body as the juices flowed from my pussy. Federico held his face in place with his tongue buried inside of me and his mouth firmly planted upon my pussy. He was drinking up everything I gave and loving it.

Once I calmed down he got off of the bed and began undressing. I laid there until he reached for the button on his jeans. I quickly sat up at the edge of the bed and took over, brushing his hand away. I got off of the bed, knelt down in front of him and began to unbutton and unzip his jeans. Once opened, I hooked my fingers into the waistband and pulled his jeans down slowly.

My eyes opened wide when his cock sprang free. It was at least nine inches long, an inch thick and he was clean shaven. Unconsciously I licked my lips while he stepped out of his jeans and shoved it aside with his left foot. I reached up and wrapped my left hand around the hard shaft. I could see a drop of pre-cum clinging to the tip, enticing me to taste it.

My tongue extended out of my mouth and made contact with the glistening droplet. Federico moaned and reached down to stroke my long, dark brown hair. I tasted the sweet droplet then looked up at him. He had a lusty glaze in his eyes. I opened my mouth and slowly took the head of his cock between my lips. My tongue lapped at the juicy treat in my mouth causing him to moan; gently nudging my head forward, signaling me to take in more. 

I worked my lips past the head, beyond the rim to the shaft. I had only reached a little more than half way of his cock when I felt it pressing at the back of my throat.

"Mmm, Chiquita, don't force yourself. Just take whatever you can," softly he told me with his sexy Aussie accent.

I relaxed the muscles in my throat, readjusted myself and surprised him by taking the remainder of his cock deep down into my throat. He moaned loudly.

"Oye, Chiquita! Fuck that feels so good!"

My head bobbed back and forth as I sucked good and hard on his cock. He added to the action by rocking his hips. After a few minutes held my head still while he fucked my mouth. 

"Oh yeah, suck my dick. You suck cock so fucking good, baby"

I continued sucking on his hard cock then felt him tensing up. I knew he was getting ready to cum. Suddenly, he pulled his cock free from my mouth and it made a popping sound as it exited my lips. I looked up at him and frowned.

"Uh uh, that'll come later...it's my turn now. I want to put my cock into that sweet pussy of yours."

He guided me to the bed and I lay on my back watching him climb between my legs. He lifted my legs over his shoulder and leaned forward. With his cock in the right spot he plunged deep and hard.

"Oh, fuck!" I cried out. "Yes, yes!!!"

It felt as if he was spearing through my body and was about to exit through my mouth; he was in so deep and it felt so good. He leaned forward as far as he could and it brought my legs on either side of my head. I grabbed onto my legs and held it steady as he continued pounding into my drenched pussy.

The king size bed rocked from the force of his thrusts, banging against the wall. If the people in the next room were in they surely would know what was going on with the banging of the bed against the wall and our moans and cries of passion. The sounds of his body slapping against mine filled the room with the scent of sex in the air. We were like two teenagers in the heat of passion, discovering sex for the first time.

On and on, Federico and I fucked in different positions; turning me onto my hands and knees, taking him from behind, laying side to side, spooning while he grabbed onto one of my tits or toyed with my clit. He had the staying power and knew when to back off when he felt he was ready to unload his cum inside of me. It wasn't until I climbed on top and began riding him that he knew he couldn't hold back.

My tits bounced as I rode his cock up ad down like a cowgirl on a bucking bronco, breaking in a wild horse. By now my animalistic side took over. My hands cupped and lifted my tits to my mouth where I could suck on my own nipples as I look deeply into his eyes. My fingers would travel between my legs and rub my clit until I climaxed over and over, drenching him beneath me. 

"You like my pussy, huh? You like my hot cunt riding your thick, hard cock?" I asked without hesitation.

"Oh yeah, baby. I love the way your cunt wraps and tightens around my dick then lets it go. Fuck it baby! Fuck that cock of mine!"

I began lifting myself higher, leaving just the tip of his cock inside of my slick, drenched entrance, before I'd come down hard, taking his cock as it speared deep inside of me. That drove him wild and to the brink.

Federico grabbed onto my waist and flipped me onto my back with his cock still buried inside. Once I was down he leaned on top of me, his weight pressing slightly upon me, he picked up the pace. He began rapidly pumping his cock in and out of me so fast I came hard.

"Yes!!! Oh, fuck!" my quivering voice screamed. "F-f-f-u-u-c-k-!!! M-e-e-e-e!!!!"

My fingers dug into his shoulders, my fingernails poked into his skin and my legs wrapped tightly around his waist as my body shook violently. My pussy flooded out, my juices raged, coating his deeply seeded cock then spilled down the crack of my ass onto the bed covering. 

Meanwhile, he was urging me on, "That's it baby. Cum for me! Cum hard! Let me feel that hot pussy juice all over my cock!"

That only lengthened my orgasm until I was left in a shaken but very satisfied state. My breathing took awhile before it calmed to near normal and my heart to stop pounding in my ears. 

"Are you ready baby? I'm getting ready to cum!" Federico said staring deeply into my eyes. "Do you want me to cum inside of your? On your tits? Face? Tell me baby; tell me where you want my first load."

The fire inside of me ignited once again, "Give it to me! Cum inside of my cunt! I want to feel you unload your cum deep inside of me!"

I was on the pill so there was no chance of me getting pregnant and I had learned during the course of the evening from the women who frequented the show that the dancers were constantly testes for any STD's , so there was no worries in that area either. 

Federico re-affirmed what I said, "I'm going to cum inside of that sweet, hot pussy of yours and fill it up to the hilt. I'm going to make you cum again and we're going to fuck all night long, baby!" 

A few more thrusts to the hilt then he buried his cock deep inside of me and stayed there. He grunted and growled as our perspirations mixed together.

"Fuck, Chiquita! Fuck!!!" he growled loudly. "Fuck, I'm cumming!!!"

I felt his hot load spewing inside of me, filling up my pussy, mixing with my own as I, too, came.

"Fuck me! Harder! Harder!" I cried out. "Yes! Yes, give it to me!!!"

We both cried out until we were left drained and exhausted. Federico pressed his body onto mine a few seconds making it difficult for me to breathe. His cock was slowly shrinking inside of me when he eased up, looked into my eyes, leaned down and kissed me. His tongue probed longingly and within seconds I felt him harden. Slowly he pulled himself off of me, taking his cock out of my tender swollen pussy. He fell back onto the bed beside me and slipped his arm under my neck, pulling him to rest my head onto his strong chest. Within minutes we fell asleep, forgetting all about the maid coming to clean the room.

*

*Stay tuned to find out what happens next. Don't forget to vote and all comments (good or bad) are welcomed!