 His heart was pounding as he walked up the stairs, He had been over this scenario time and again in his mind, but now he was actually going to do it and he was terrified. He had no idea what her reaction would be, but he could no longer live with just fantasizing about her. He had to make a move and deal with the consequences. 

He could feel his feet propel him closer to her office, but he felt as though his mind was disconnected from the rest of his body. He was almost in a haze, his body working on auto pilot while his brain went through the many outcomes of what he was about to do. He knew that he wasn't the smoothest of operators, but she didn't seem like the kind of girl that really cared about that. In their casual conversations, she had seemed like a bit of a nerd, like him. 

But her smile. Oh, her smile. When he cracked a joke and she rewarded him with her laughter, he thought he would burst. After their initial meeting, he had gone home and thought about her all night. It wasn't long until he was getting himself off while thinking of her. He had made visits back to her workplace since then, coming up with small excuses to pop in and see how things were going. She was always friendly, even flirty. He had wondered if she felt the spark that he felt, but was always too afraid to ask. Now he was really going to do it.

He knocked on her door. "Come in," was the muffled response from inside. Opening the door, he immediately had to get his mind back under control. She was wearing a wrap dress, cut a little low in the front. She had her legs propped up on the desk, showing off the knee high boots he loved to see her wear. The angle at which he had come into the office meant that he could see most of her thigh. He wondered if she knew that. She was on her phone, but not paying it too much attention. She looked up at him and her face brightened. "Oh hey! What brings you by today?"

His mind was completely blank. He couldn't think of anything witty, or funny, or even coherent. All he could think about was the countless times he had imagined her naked, all of the times when he had wanted her to be his, both physically and emotionally. She was staring at him now, a small smile playing on her lips. "Hello? You okay?" She put her feet on the ground.

Before his brain could kick in, he walked around to her side of the desk. He reached one hand back and wrapped it around the back of her neck, drawing her in to kiss her. She didn't put up any resistance, but he felt her body stiffen in surprise. Unfortunately, part of his body had stiffened too. He drew back from her, still tasting the fruity chapstick she had on her lips. She looked up and him and blinked a few times. He was almost frantic waiting for her response, but he managed to keep composed and just looked into her eyes.

She pushed him gently away and stood up. Shit, he thought to himself. It's all over. Not only is she not interested, but I'm going to be arrested for sexual assault. He didn't know what had possessed him to kiss her in the first place, only that it seemed at the time to be the best way to break the awkward silence that had been established. She turned around and in one swift movement had grabbed his shirt and pulled him back to her.

She was kissing him. Not the nice slow kisses that usually came with a first experience, but the deep, passionate kisses that indicated she was willing to go further. He kissed her back with enthusiasm, using his tongue to probe into her mouth. She tilted her head back and he kissed down her throat, ending up in the valley between her breasts. He looked up at her and she nodded, encouraging him to continue. He kissed over the top of each of the mounds, feeling the soft flesh and hearing her heartbeat. He stood up and kissed her again. This time she unzipped his jacket and slid it off of his shoulders. He started to pull away from her in surprise, but she pulled him in for another kiss. 

His mind was spinning. He had played out a lot of scenarios in his head, but having sex right there in the office had not been one of them. Having said that, it had featured prominently in his fantasy life. He had thought endlessly about bending her over the desk and taking her right there. He just never actually expected it to happen, as one usually does with fantasies. But here he was, kissing this woman who was now rubbing his swollen cock with her hand. 

Suddenly he was terrified all over again. What if this didn't live up to his fantasy? In his imagination, he had been the aggressor, but she seemed to be taking the lead here. What if she wasn't impressed with his performance? Or worse, his size? Wait, was that worse? He wasn't able to form his thoughts correctly; they became a jumbled mess in his brain. She noticed as he became more distracted, and pulled away from him.

"Do you not want to do this?" she asked, leaning back against the desk. He was torn. Of course he wanted to do this. As he stared at her eyes, green with long eyelashes, he thought of what would happen if he turned tail and ran. He would lose any chance with her, he was certain. But this was risky. In addition to the possibility of this not living up to his fantasy, they were in her office. This wasn't the most private of places. As he was making up his mind, she slowly pulled the strip of cloth that was looped in a bow at her waist. Her dress fell loose and she opened it very methodically, all while watching him carefully. That was that.

"Fuck yeah, I do."

He lifted her up and scooted her ass back on the desk. She spread her legs as he ran his hands up her thighs, then her torso and finally her tits. They were glorious. She was wearing a black bra that was had pink lace around it. He thought it was the sexiest thing he had ever seen. Her hands were up his shirt and all over his chest and stomach. Finally she pulled his shirt over his head, and he knew that they had just passed the point of no return. Not that he cared much.

She shrugged out of her dress and reached back to undo her bra. He stopped her. Not that he didn't want to see what was under there, but he thought it was so hot to keep it on. At least for now. A look of surprise crossed her face, but she quickly returned to normal. He pushed her back on her desk, and knelt in front of her. He could already smell her, that irresistible smell of a woman who wants you. As if in response, he felt his cock throb underneath his pants. He pulled her panties to one side and slid a finger in her pussy. Man, she was wet. Two fingers went in, then three. She started to squirm and moan, soft moans that told him she was trying to control her volume. 

He kept sliding his fingers in and out and varying speeds. Her pussy looked so amazing from here. Pink lips just waiting to be parted, free of hair or any other obstruction. She had her feet propped up on the desk, so she could open as wide as possible for him. He slid his fingers out and ran his tongue slowly up her whole pussy. She groaned again. He licked her clit in small, quick motions, enjoying the sight of her hips lifting off of the desk. He knew he was hitting the right spot. 

Suddenly her breathing sped up drastically, and he could feel the muscles in her leg tightening. She breathed out, "I'm coming, oh God, I'm coming!" He sucked on her clit while she came, trying to draw the orgasm out for as long as he could. He was in a bit of shock, though. He had just given the girl of his dreams, of his fantasies, an orgasm right here on her desk. On the plus side, that had helped put to rest any fears he had about his abilities. She didn't give him much time to think however.

She got off the desk and dropped to her knees. He was going to protest, but she already had his pants unzipped and was pulling his dick out of the confines of his underwear. She held it in her hand for a few seconds, almost cradling it. She leaned in and licked around the head, and he felt a shock go through his body. He started reciting his relative's names in his head. He was pretty sure any points he had gained for the orgasm would be instantly lost if he blew his load right there. He leaned his head back, afraid to look down. He thought if he actually watched her, that would be the end. 

She was moving her mouth slowly up and down his cock. She would suck a little more when she reached the head, making him twitch every time she got to that point. She noticed, and he was pretty sure he felt her smile. He risked a glance down in her direction, and was surprised to find his eyes met hers. How long had she been looking at him? It didn't matter. He was mesmerized by what he saw. Those green eyes, with the outline of the black bra hazy in the background and her lips wrapped around his cock made him weak in the knees. Suddenly he didn't want to wait any more.

He lifted her and kissed her again, this time hard enough to hurt his own lips. He spun her around and bent her over the desk. She spread her legs in anticipation, and he pulled her panties to one side. Taking a deep breath he slid himself into her just a bit. The sensations were enough to make him start reciting those names again, but he also wanted to stay focused on her. He placed his hands on her hips and pushed himself all the way in. She gasped but leaned her ass back against him. Her pussy felt so amazing on his cock, nice and tight and wet. He thrust into her again, enjoying the ripple that went through her ass when he collided with her. 

He slammed himself into her over and over, getting completely lost in the feelings that washed over him. She was amazing. The quiet moans she was making were so hot, and she ground herself back into him when she could to make sure every inch of him was inside of her. He lost track of time. He had no idea how long he had been fucking her for when she said, "Turn me over."

He pulled out of her and she flipped onto her back. "Now fuck me until I can't walk properly."

He immediately shoved his cock into her pussy. She arched her back and moaned, a little more loudly then what was sensible. He didn't care. She looked so incredible, in her black panties and bra, legs spread open with his dick buried inside of her. "Show me your tits," he said. She sat up a little and reached behind her back, undoing her bra in a practiced move. Released from their satin and lace prison, they bounced up and down with the rhythm of his plunging. Her nipples were the perfect shade of fleshy pink, he thought. Exactly how he had pictured them. He leaned forward while she was still propped up on her elbows and kissed her, hard and deep. He ran one hand over her breast, feeling the soft mound of flesh. He pinched her nipple and she breathed in sharply. He again looked to see if this was okay, and she again nodded. He leaned down and took it in his mouth. He was gentle at first, but worked up to using a little teeth. "Oh yeah, baby. That feels so good."

He stood up again and resumed his slow pace, taking the time to savour the feeling of her pussy all around his cock. She moved one hand down to her clit and started to rub in small circles. Seeing her push her own buttons was the tipping point for him. He knew he was going to come soon, so he sped up. "Oh yeah baby. Just like that. Just like that," she said, speeding up the motions of her fingers to match. 

This was it. He felt the sweet release as he came inside of her, but he wanted to make sure she finished too. He kept thrusting and one or two deep powerful strokes later he felt her contract around him. He stepped back, still amazed at what had just happened. He spotted a box of tissues and pulled out a few, handing her a couple and using a couple to clean himself up. When he looked up from pulling his pants and underwear back up, she had retied the dress around herself.

She looked up and smiled. "Better than I had imagined it," she said.

His eyebrows flew up. She had been imagining this too? She pulled him in for a kiss, this one long and slow and sweet. He wrapped his arms around her, feeling her warmth against his body. She said something, but he was a little loo lost in the moment to catch it. "What?" he asked.

She giggled. "What are you doing tonight?" she asked. As if she had to. Even if he had made plans, they would've been cancelled immediately.

"You."

She smiled again. "What are we waiting for?"

As they walked out to his car hand in hand, he couldn't believe his luck. This was so much more than he had hoped for. He had no idea where this would go, but he knew he could die a happy man right now.