 I knock hesitantly on your door. You and I have met in public before, but never in private. Granted, we are at your office, but it is after hours and the place is deserted...until you open the door with a welcoming smile.

"Thank you for meeting me here, Shoshana. I hated to make you, but I couldn't miss this conference call and I really wanted to see you before I left for London in the morning," you said as you hugged me and pulled me into your office. "I hope this makes up for it..." I looked around an office lit by candle glow. A small table is covered with a cloth and has a meal laid out on it. "I ordered in, hun."

As we sit down, I look over at you, still stunned that you would be interested in me. We met on the internet through a chat site for singles and I never thought we would get along as well as we seem to so far. I was skeptical when I first joined the site, but the chat rooms were fun and I did make a few friends for talking. It seemed at first, though as if every man that found me attractive was at least ten years older than I, and I felt pretty discouraged. Not that I minded being admired by older men, but 15 years was stretching the envelope a bit much, even for me.

You and I actually started talking just because we lived in the same state. You were into athletics and I am not the athletic type at all. How was I to know you were looking for someone a bit different? I was still willing to talk, though, and you and I found we had much in common. You were older than I, but only by eight years, which was a very comfortable margin to me. You could talk about something besides sex, unlike most of the young men my age.

The first time we met, I had tried to discourage you from expecting much. You had seen my picture, but only of my face. I had a pretty face and a great smile, but I felt the rest of me was a bit too round. I used the term hourglass figure or Rubenesque to hide how I really felt about my looks. I had insecurities and my body was one of them. I would never have guessed that you went for my type when we finally met, even though you had said I was just what you were looking for in a woman.

When we me for the first time at that little Mexican restaurant, you definitely caught my attention. The first thing I noticed was your wide smile as you came toward me. When you reached me, there was no awkwardness as we hugged hello for the first time. I couldn't believe the spark I felt as our bodies meshed. I had never felt that type of electrical attraction before. I must have looked a little shocked because you leaned forward and whispered in my ear, "It's okay, little one, you never have to be afraid of me."

As I followed you to the table, I couldn't help noticing your body, broad shoulders and well-built without being overly muscled and a very nice behind. When you turned to help me sit, I noticed that you had a little bit of softness right around your belly that made you that much more attractive to me. I liked strong men, but I also wanted to be able to cuddle with a man.

Mostly, what I remember from that night are your smile and wonderfully warm green eyes. We sat there and talked for hours. I think the hostess started shooting us dirty looks for taking up the table after two hours, but we were there for three. Then we walked outside into a softly falling rain. You offered to go get an umbrella for me, but I didn't mind the rain, it was warm. When we got to my car, you leaned forward and pressed your lips to mine. I could taste the rainwater on yours as we kissed gently.

You didn't press anything, though. You had told me we could go at my pace and we did. This was the first time we had not met in a public place and we had been out several times. You understood my caution because I had told you about the stalking incident in my past.

So here we were in your office, eating great Mexican food. You and I are flirting as we usually do, but it seems more intense, more intimate without any other diners around. When we get to dessert, you pull my favorite out, cinnamon ice cream, that you had been keeping cold in a little freezer/fridge combo behind your desk. Instead of spooning up two bowls, though, you set out one large one with two spoons. You feed me the first bite as we look into each other's eyes.

As the cold wetness slides into my mouth, I cannot help but react to the look in your eyes. I know you want me, and I want you too. As we slowly feed one another, the intimacy builds between us. After I feed you the last bite, you lean forward and we are kissing deeply. I can taste the coolness of the ice cream on your tongue as it tangles with mine.

Soon I am in your arms and feeling more than I ever have before, shockwaves of emotion running through me to you. You slowly stand without breaking our embrace, leading me until I am sitting on your lap as you relax in your chair. Our kisses become more fervent as both of us forget where we are and why.

The phone rings and you groan in frustration, "That's my conference call." I start to get up off your lap, but you wrap your arms tighter around me and whisper, "Stay here, please." I sit back down and you put the call on speaker. I lay my head on your shoulder as you begin talking about some sort of clause in a contract. You are conferencing with London and Paris and the business is way over my head. You are rubbing my back absently, and I stroke my hands over your shoulders and chest, burrowing beneath your suit jacket to reach your body heat and warm myself.

Soon I can tell that the business is winding down, and Paris eventually hangs up. London has stayed on the line, though. I am curious, but comfortable, so I do not say anything when I hear a woman's voice saying, "Okay everyone, that's it for today. Paul and I have a few more things to discuss, but you may all go." I can feel your body stiffening as you listen to the woman's voice. I look up into your face and you are looking down at me, shaking your head slightly, and grimacing. I know that whatever is coming isn't going to make you happy, but you wrap your arms around me and cuddle me close to reassure me.

"Paul, are you still there?" she asks throatily. I can tell she is trying to be sexy for you. I can certainly understand that, as I try to be sexy for you as well. "Baby, we need to talk. You know that he meant nothing to me....I was lonely without you. You come to London less and less often."

"Cecelia, I told you that I didn't want to discuss this. It's over and done with, " you reply harshly, then lean down, kiss me softly, and whisper in my ear, "Sorry, love." I expect you to set me on my feet and pick up the phone, but you leave it on speaker and continue kissing me, moving down my neck as she replies. "But...Baby...I need you. You know I care for you."

You stop kissing me long enough to respond, "Yeah...enough to screw with the competition. I told you that night that I would forget what I saw as long as you left me alone and there were no leaks about the business." At this point, I understand exactly what is going on and begin kissing your neck and unknotting your tie as she splutters in the background, trying to defend her actions. Your hands are wandering under my silk shirt as she goes on and on about how sorry she is about what happened. Neither of us are paying much attention to her when there is silence.

"Are you even listening to me?" she shrills out of the telephone. "Well, Cecelia, I am a bit busy right now," you retort as you fill your hands with my breasts, slipping the front catch on my bra. My hands are equally busy as she starts up again, begging you to forgive her. Soon, both of us are nude from the waist up, and you are licking my nipples as I move my hands toward your belt. The feelings flowing through my body are incredible. I cannot describe the way having your hands and mouth on my body makes me feel. The tremors running through me seem to be telling you plenty, though, as you return, again and again, to the most sensitive spots.

I can hear her still, pleading with you for a response when I finally get your slacks open and free you, sliding my hands around your hardness and stroking gently. You bite down on my nipple as you groan loudly, covering my own moan at the pleasure of your teeth. Like a beagle on the scent, she responds quickly, "Are you alone, Paul? Is there someone there with you?"

I place my finger over your mouth as you open it to respond, shaking my head slightly, them place your hands on my thighs as I say, "Well, you didn't really think he was just going to wait around for you to quit screwing around, did you?" By this time, you have discovered that I am wearing lace thigh-high stockings and a garter belt combination with nothing else.

"You...Who are you? What are you doing?" she shouts. 

"Oh...I am a friend of Paul's. I am taking care of him at the moment, since you threw your chance away." At this, you look into my smiling eyes and lift me off your lap, setting me on the desk and spreading my legs so you can step between them. My hand continues stroking your cock as you lift my skirt and run your hand down until your fingers tangle in my neatly trimmed pubic hair. You can feel how wet I am for you, how much it turns me on to know you want me. I can still hear her yelling, and that is a bit of a turn on as well.

"Paul! How can you do this to me, after all we meant to each other, to screw this cheap whore!" At the insult to me, you break contact with my nipple and snap, "Cecelia, the only cheap one here is you!"

Without hesitation, you spread my legs wider and begin slowly sliding your hard cock into me, causing both of us to moan. "Oh yes, Paul! Give me your hard cock, lover," I pant. She is silent at this, and you cannot help but thrust deeper and harder into me as my body clutches your cock as if it will never let go.

"You are so tight, little one. Oh yes, that feels so good, " you sigh when I wrap my legs around your waist and pull you in closer. I lean back on the desk and arch my back, giving you access to my nipples and breasts, which you take me up on speedily. Soon, we are both moaning and panting as sweat begins to bead on our bodies. You are thrusting slowly and steadily into me, as if you want this to last forever.

The phone is silent, but for her breathing, which is almost as fast as yours and mine. We both know that she is getting off on listening to the two of us, even if she hates us. I begin rocking my hips deeper into yours and can hear the sound of our flesh sliding against each other. Neither of us can control the moans at this point, nor do we want to. 

"Paul! Yes! Harder, lover, harder..." I whimper as you speed up your thrusts. You feel so big inside me and I feel as though I am about to implode with all the emotion and passion swirling through my body.

"So tight, little one. You feel so good wrapped around my cock!" you pant as your hips start thrusting harder and more wildly. We can both hear her on the phone, still...breathing heavily with arousal. I can feel your cock getting harder as you come closer and closer to orgasm. I tighten around you as I come closer as well. Soon we are both moaning with every thrust of your cock into my clutching body.

"Oooooohhhhhhh! I am coming, lover!" you shout as you bury your cock deep within my body and begin to shudder violently, coming deep inside of me. Your convulsions set off my own orgasm, and all I can do is scream your name as my body detonates into a million fiery sparks, all with your name engraved on them.

When I finally become aware again, you are reaching out to hang up the phone, "Good-bye Cecelia."