 Tonight wasn't any different then any other night on the internet, I must have spoken to ten men in an hour. Then I got the IM that changed my life completely. Sure I had sex on the net before and the phone with men online nothing really to write home about. Then he IM me that fateful stormy night. I was sitting at my computer in my bedroom wearing my green short night gown, it was around midnight when Officerfriendly2002 sent me an instant message.

Officerfriendly2002 hello

blueangel hi

Officer friendly what r u doing on this beautiful evening?

blueangel not much and you?

Officerfriendly2002 talking to you now

Blueangel so are you really a friendly officer?

Officerfriendly2002 yes I am, I can show you how friendly I can be. Lol

Blueangel I might just have to have you show me sometime. R u married?

Officerfriendly2002 no she didn't like how friendly I was. R u married?

Blueangel getting divorced

Officerfriendly2002 I am sorry if u r.

Blueangel no I am happy, I threw a party. Lol

Officerfriendly2002 lol well that is one way doing it.

Blueangel well I hate to go, but I have to get up early in a few hours.

Officerfriendly2002 ok I will look for you tomorrow.

Blueangel I will be on around 4pm tomorrow.

The next day I was on and so was officerfriendly2002, we discovered that not only did we live in the same town, but he patrolled my neighborhood. We discussed my car problems, where I could find parts cheap for my car and then I had to leave to go meet my friends at the marina to go on the boat. I showered and then I heard a knock on my door. I wondered who could be banging like that on my door.

"Who is it?" I asked behind the door.

"Police ma'am we've had a complaint." he told me on the other side of the door.

A complaint? I thought to myself opening the door slowly and seeing this massive police officer at my door, he was huge with his white shirt fitting snugly around his muscular arms, his firm waist and his dark green pants fit his body perfectly. I almost gasped from shear pleasure just looking at him. 

"You say you had a complaint?" I asked him.

"Yes of loud voices coming from inside, is it ok if I look around?" he asked me.

"Sure come in please." I told him smiling as I realized I had on just my robe and towel around my head. Great I thought to myself.

He walked around the living room and then into my bedroom, I waited by the front door when he summoned me.

"Ma'am could you tell me what this is?" he asked standing over my bed where my clothes were laying.

I couldn't imagine what he was talking about. "Is there something wrong with my clothing?" I asked seeing him handling my gold thongs." I asked him.

"Could be, I need you to try these on please so I can see if they match a description I had gotten earlier on my radio." he said not smiling at all.

"Your kidding right?" I asked him not believing he was serious.

"Ma'am you can make my job easy by doing as your asked or we can do this the hard way at the station." he said getting irritated.

I began to feel scared, a lump was in my throat as I took my gold thongs in my hands and placing them on under my robe.

"Remove your robe and place your hands on the dresser with your legs spread." he ordered me.

"Is this really called for officer?" I asked wanting to cry as the tears burnt my eyes.

"I told you once we can do this easy or hard." he told me in a very firm voice.

I stood in front of my dresser with my palms of my hands on the top of it. I saw by reflection in the mirror the fear that was running through my body. He came up behind me and ran his hands under my arm pits. Thankfully I had put on deodorant I thought to myself. His hands slowly followed my sides to under my breast, I felt his hands cupping them as my nipples became erect between his fingers, he then ran his hands slowly down my sides to my hips, my skin had goose bumps and my breathing was becoming harder as I felt his hand on my ass, he then ran his hands to my thighs going in between them feeling the wetness between my thighs and placing his fingers between my lips, I felt a huge bulge against my ass and then I felt him take one arm and place the hand cuffs on me, then the other arm and now my hands were cuffed, but in front of me placing them on the dresser again.

His dick felt huge, it was so hard as he placed his hands my ass and rammed his huge cock deep into my hot wet pussy from behind, he placed his fingers on my clit that was swollen and throbbing, my nipples were hard and erect and my hips grinded against his hard body as we both exploded in a hot orgasm. He was still hard, this massive man was wanting more from me and shoved me down on to my knees pushing his thick throbbing cock into my mouth as I licked and sucked hungrily on it, he held the back of my head as I sucked his big hard cock I could feel him hit the back of my throat. With my hands still cuffed I wrapped my fingers around his huge cock as he exploded down my throat with his hot cum.

He picked me up off the floor and led me to the bed where he laid back as I sucked on his cock getting it hard again, he pulled me up on top of him and entered my cum soaked pussy with his thick hard shaft.

"Fuck my brains out bitch!" he told me as he pushed my hips down hard on his cock and I rocked my body hard on his cock, I felt his cock in my stomach, I was fucking him so hard. He turned me on my stomach entering me anally, I moaned from the pleasure of the pain and began massaging my clit, feeling the juices running onto my fingers as he pounded my ass with that massive body and cock of his.

"Fuck me baby, fuck me." he told me.

"Ooooh yes I will fuck you and have you cum deep into my ass with your big hard cock!" I told him as we fucked and my clit was throbbing just as hard as his cock was when he filled me full of cum again and I shot my juices all over my own fingers.

We laid there not speaking just breathing heavy and then he began to dress putting his pants on and tucking his shirt into it. He looked at me as I sat on the bed regaining my composure. He unhand cuffed me, I stood up looking at him.

"Will you be needing me anymore officer?" I asked feeling drained.

"I know how to find you if I do." he told me. "by the way my friends call me Officerfriendly2002." he smiled and left.

My sex life is great having met him. I never know where we will meet, either at my apartment or on the road, but its never dull.

The end until the next IM...