 This is a story of fiction. For you out there who don't own a dictionary, fiction means it's not true. My name isn't Jack. I do however know a Denise, a Marie, and a Sam and none of them are in this story. This is a copyrighted work and may not be published by anyone but me, Zeb_Carter.

Jack O'Hara - One for a Kill

Prologue

Jack O'Hara was born and raised in Orchard Falls. After high school he left for college, the first in his family to do so since they decided to settle there. His parents set up a small trust fund on his birth. Jack took all the required course and those electives he thought might server him in his future. After college he joined the service. When he signed up, he chose the Military Police unit. He wanted to be a cop. For six years he worked his way up the ranks, he never told the Army about going to college so, he was enlisted.

Once he finished his enlistment, he went back to Orchard Falls and looked up his old high school buddy, James Stanton. Jimmy, as he was called by his friends was a Captain in the Orchard falls police department at that time. Jimmy was glad to sponsor Jack to become a police officer. For ten years Jack worked. First as a patrol officer, then as a detective. He met a fellow office, Don Steel. Don was a good cop, but he was in real bad shape after a break up with his wife.

Don's wife had left him without notice. He was served the divorce papers in front of all his pals in Smitty's Bar. As Don read them, he started drinking. He had already started to drink fairly heavy before then, but the divorce papers pushed him over the edge. Jack tried to help him. But, he just kept getting worse. One day Jack heard he had checked into the Orchard Fall Rehabilitation Center. His career in the police department was finished.

Jack, however, was still a rising star. He was offered the job of Police Chief. Jack had thought that his friend Jimmy would have been offered the job way before himself. Jimmy urged him to accept the offer, which he did, then made Jimmy Deputy Chief. At first he really enjoyed the job. He instituted several programs to make things easier on what, were now his men. He was very popular with the rank and file.

It was not to last though. After five years, Jack quit. He recommended that Jimmy take over. Don Steel just happened to be on the city council and rammed the recommendation through. Jimmy was made Chief of Police. Jack retired. He had server enough time, with his regular stint as a cop and the five years of being Chief to get fifty percent of his pension benefits. Some speculated that was all he wanted out of being a cop. And maybe it was, but he had learned a lot, from people like Don Steel and James Stanton to name a couple. He was happy and he could now do as he wished.

Chapter 1

She had hired me to protect her. Well not hired. Asked as a favor. Which I was glad to do. She was younger than me. She was pretty. Very pretty. She was also married. A professional woman. A doctor. My doctor. She was in trouble. From whom, she did not know. Threats had been made. In writing, well via email, same thing. She didn't know who was making the threats. And from the emails, even though I had the header information, neither did I.

So I was watching her. From a distance. Just me and my faithful companion Rudy. Rudy was my dog. Black Rottweiler, Pit-bull mix. He was smart and would do anything I asked of him. Yes, he was that smart. I was sitting in my car, down the street from her house, watching. She was in the house alone. Her husband was out of town. Some conference for whatever he did for a living. I didn't pay that much attention as she told me. We had talked a long time. In the exam room at the clinic where she practiced...

"I don't know what to do," she told me, stopping to think.

"Have you gone to the police?" I asked the stupid question. I had to.

"I did. They said there was nothing they could do without proof. They said the email wasn't proof, just a veiled threat, no real harm...and they had no way of finding out who sent them."

"Yeah, they aren't big on stopping crime now a days, just solving crime."

"Can you help me? I know you know about computers and things..."

"Sure. I'll have a look at that email..."

"I'm frightened..."

"I know. I can see it in your eyes."

She blushed and smiled for a second, looking away from my gaze.

"I can help in other ways too," I told her.

"What?"

"I can keep you safe. I could become your bodyguard..."

"No. I don't think I need something like that..."

"Then I could just watch over you...from a distance," I told her.

"That might be better," she said a little relieved.

I couldn't quite tell why. Why was she frightened to have me protect her? We left it at that. I would follow her home from work and sit on her house for the night. And that's what I was doing. Me and Rudy. It was a cool spring night. No clouds in the sky. A full moon high over head. The street was lit by lights about every fifty yards. Bright, glaring, yellow lights. Rudy sat in the passenger seat. Watching. Listening. Sniffing. Traffic was light on this street. Cars would turn onto the street. Pull up in a driveway and park. Rudy would watch the person or persons getting out of the car until they went inside the house they parked in front of.

There were three other cars parked on the street besides me. I had taken Rudy for a walk and we had checked each car out. Rudy gave them all a clean bill of health. I then walked him around her house. He never even flinched. We went back to our car and set up to watch her all night. The cool air flowing through the open windows of my car was nice after the hot sunny day. It was still early enough in the season that mosquitoes wouldn't be a problem.

Four nine hours, Rudy and I sat there, watching. Then, at six in the morning the lights in the house started to come on. Upstairs lights only. She was getting up. It was time for work. Today she would be working until nine at night. She would be safe with all the other doctors and nurses at the clinic. I would explain that she wasn't to go out for lunch or supper. I could get some sleep, have a nice dinner and be there at the clinic when she left.

Following her to work was easy, she never varied from her route. Once she was inside I left, went home, went to bed and slept like a baby. At eight-forty-five, in the evening, I was outside the clinic. I was parked behind her car. She came out the back door and headed for her car. She waved to me and Rudy as she climbed in and started the car. The drive home was uneventful. Rudy and I sat for hours on end. That second night was again cool and pleasant. We spent our time watching. We watched as the lights went out. Then about eight hours later, they came on again.

The next two nights weren't any different than the first two. Rudy and I sat and watched. The morning of the fifth day, Denise's husband returned home. Rudy growled as the cab drove up and stopped in front of the house. He paid the cabby and grabbed his luggage and went in the house. Lights came on in the living room and the upstairs bedroom. A few minutes later my cell phone rang.

"Hello?"

"Jack, I don't think you need to stick around. My husband is home and today is my day off. I won't be going out at all. Thank you."

"Of course. We'll talk later."

"That will be fine. Thank you."

She hung up before I could reply. I rubbed my face in my hands. Rudy whined. I looked up and saw Denise's husband come down the driveway and pick up the paper. Why anyone still got the paper in this day and age, was beyond me. When he was inside the house, I started the car and drove us home.

Chapter 2

It was about a week later when Denise called, asking me to come to the clinic. I arrived at the specified time. Her nurse came out and escorted me back to an exam room. A few seconds later, Denise came in. She smiled at me and sat down.

"Jeff, my husband..."

"I know," I said softly.

"Well, he's going out of town for a week. He leaves tomorrow."

"I see."

"I have received," she started, taking a sheaf of papers from her lab coat pocket, "more emails. I haven't the faintest idea what they want from me."

She handed them to me. I took them slipping them in my inside coat pocket.

"I'll look into these. Do you work tomorrow?"

"Yes."

"What time does your husband leave?"

"His plane leaves at six a.m. so he'll be leaving at about four-thirty," she told me.

"And you leave..."

"At seven."

"I'll be there."

"Thank you. I'm so scared."

"What has you husband said about this?" I asked.

"I haven't told him..."

"Really?"

"I don't want to worry him. He has so much on his mind right now, with the new line..."

She shutdown. Looked up into my eyes and wrapped her arms around me. She nuzzled here face against my chest. I was a bit taller than her. I reached up and caressed her hair. She shuddered, then quickly shoved me away. She looked up into my eyes once again and sighed. Turning she opened the door.

"See you tomorrow."

"Sure thing." I followed her out and left the clinic.

* * * *

For three days Rudy and I sat, watching her house. Following her to work in the morning. I had checked the emails. The header information was useless. The IP address was bogus. They told me the emails were sent from some server in China.

It was Wednesday night. The sky was cloudy. The moon was obscured. It looked like rain. The only light was from the street lights. They cast harsh shadows across the lawns. It was hard to see anything. I was glad Rudy was with me.

Rudy growled. I looked where he was looking. A shadowy figure moved quickly into the deeper shadows by the house. Her house. He was at the front door. I opened the door and let Rudy out. I climbed out as Rudy, a silent black streak, raced for the figure at the door. Rudy got there just as the figure opened the door. Both the figure and Rudy disappeared into the darkness in the house.

Running, I stepped through the doorway. I heard cussing. I turned on my flashlight. The beam struck the figure and Rudy. Rudy had a hold of the figures arm. Biting just hard enough to hold the figure still. I pulled my gun. I pointed it at the figure on the floor. My flashlight gleamed off the blue finish.

"Don't move," I said softly. "Rudy, out. Watch."

Rudy let go of the arm, took two steps backward, sat and glared at the figure before him. A low, soft growl could be heard coming from his chest.

"Take off the mask," I ordered. "Slowly."

The figure moved. A large hand grabbed the stocking cap and pulled it off. I didn't know the guy. Suddenly, his hand was flashing to his waist. I kicked him in the crotch. He froze as the pain shot up through his stomach. Rudy now had the man's throat in his jaws. His growling was now louder. Bending down I took the handgun from his waistband.

"Rudy, out," I said absently. "Who are you?"

The man groaned. I pulled my foot back to kick him again.

"Carl," he croaked.

"Carl who?"

"Carl Esposito."

"Who do you work for?"

He lay silently on the floor, groaning in pain. This time the kick was swift. Into his ribs this time. The air whooshed out of his lungs. He had difficulty trying to fill them.

"What the hell?" The lights flicked on, flooding the room. I quickly kicked the front door closed. Denise stood there in a silk robe, hair wet and dripping. The robe clung to her body, showing her slender figure.

"Do you know him?" I asked watching our guest.

"No. No I don't. Who is he?"

"He says his name is Carl Esposito, ever heard that name before?"

"No. Never. Why is he here?"

I nudged Carl's foot. He grunted. I raised an eyebrow. He remained silent. I cocked my foot.

"I'm here to kill you," Carl said.

"Why me?" Denise asked.

I had to nudge Carl's foot once more.

"Someone paid me to remove you. I don't know who. I don't know why. Arrangements were made through a third party."

"And that person's name is?" I asked.

Carl glared at me. I nudged his foot once more. He shook his head no. The report from my gun startled Denise. Carl screamed in pain grabbing his right knee. Denise's eyes were wide, her mouth hung open in shock.

"Well," I said to Carl.

"What the hell? You can't do that?"

"Who do you think I am?" I asked him.

"You...you have to be a cop..."

"Nope." I pointed the gun at his other knee.

"Jasper Adams," he cried out. "Jasper Adams."

I looked at Denise. Her mouth still hung open. Her eyes still wide, staring at Carl.

"Denise?" I said. No response. "Denise," I shouted. Her head turned so she was looking at where the sound had come from. Her eyes were looking at me, yet there was no comprehension in them. "Denise," I shouted again. She shook her head, finally seeing me.

"What?" she croaked.

"Jasper Adams? Do you know him?"

"Ah...no...I don't think so...no, I don't."

I bent down and searched our friend. I found the key on the ground next to him. Someone had given him a key to the place. That kind of narrowed down the list of people who wanted Denise out of the way.

"My knee," Carl cried.

"You'll be fine, it was a beanbag round," I told him.

He was suddenly on his feet. I shot him in the chest, twice. He was once again on the hardwood floor trying to breathe. Beanbag rounds won't kill you, but they hurt just as much as real bullets. I pressed the button to release the clip, caught it and put it in my pocket. I pulled a different one out and slipped it in the butt of the gun. I nudged Carl's foot.

"They're real bullets now Carl. Do you understand?"

He shook his head groaning as he tried to breathe.

"Denise, go up and finish dressing. Don't go anywhere until I get back."

She looked at me blankly. I stepped over Carl and grabbed her shoulders.

"Denise!" I said giving her a little shake. A knock on the front door startled both of us.

"That will be the police," Denise whispered. "The alarm was set."

Chapter 3

Nodding, I bent and picked up the three spent rounds along with the beanbags and slipped them in my pocket. I slipped Carl's gun out of my waistband and placed it on the floor a short distance from him. Rudy still glared at him and snarled every once in awhile. The knocking at the door was getting urgent.

"Answer it Denise," I told her as I slipped my coat off and threw it in the living room. It landed on the couch.

Denise moved to the door, turned to look at me once more. I urged her to open the door. When it was open, she stood there, shivering in the cool morning air staring at the two police officers standing on her porch.

"Are you all right ma'am?" the cop asked her.

"Yes, yes I am," she said standing aside. "That man on the floor broke in and my friend who was waiting for me to get ready for work stopped him...well his dog stopped him."

The two cops stepped through the door, hands on guns when they saw Carl's weapon on the floor.

"Let me see your hands," one said to me. I brought my hands up, palms out.

He looked, then turned back to Carl. His partner retrieved the handgun on the floor. The first cop cuffed Carl. Then stood up and looked at me again.

"I'm going to need everyone's IDs," he said.

I slowly reached for my wallet, pulling it out of my back pocket with two fingers. When he saw that it was just a wallet, he nodded at me. I pulled my driver's license out of the wallet and handed it to the cop.

"My ID is in my purse upstairs," Denise said.

"Bill, go with her," the first cop said to his partner.

"I don't think so," Denise said glaring at the cops.

"Denise go." She glared at me. "It will be okay."

She harrumphed at me, turned and went up the stairs followed by the cop.

"Rudy, protect," I said. Before the cop with me could say anything Rudy was up the stairs.

"You shouldn't have done that," the cop said.

"He will only protect her. If Bill only goes up there to see what she brings down there is nothing to worry about."

"And if he..."

"He will be dead," I said flatly.

"I see. He can tell..."

"He can and then some."

"Bill will shoot him..."

"Bill isn't quick enough. Carl here, yes he told us his name, had his gun out but still wasn't quick enough." I was lying my ass off.

Denise and Bill came down the stairs, Denise was holding her purse in one hand and her driver's license in the other. Rudy was between her and Bill. Denise handed her license to the first cop.

"I'll be right back," he said turning to leave.

Bill went to the door and turned looking at us. I just smiled back at him.

"May the lady go back upstairs to finish dressing?" I asked.

Bill's head snapped back to look at me. He had been staring at Denise. It wasn't a nice stare.

"No, I think..."

"Well then you might want to quit staring at her," I told him. He looked at me. I frowned at him.

"Who are you again?"

"Me? I'm a pal of the chiefs."

"I bet," he said laughing.

I pulled my cell from my pocket and dialed. He started to say something, then thought better of it.

"Jimmy, Jack, listen, I'm over at the Reynolds place, there was a break-in and two of your rookie officers are here hassling the Doctor and me... Sure, sure. Looking forward to seeing you then." I snapped the phone shut.

"I bet," Bill said. I smiled.

We could hear the door slam. Less than a minute later there was a roar from outside. Bill stood there eyes widening as he realize I hadn't been bullshitting him.

"Oh fuck," he whispered. I smiled even more.

"I think you might want to apologized to the Doctor, Bill," I whispered.

"I'm sorry ma'am...er...Doctor."

"Then when you get to the station house, go to the wall of chiefs, second picture from the left, top row. Show it to your partner too," I told him. Eyes wide, he nodded.

The first cop came running up the stairs and into the house. He handed my license to me and Denise's to her. He then stood at attention.

"I apologize for my behavior," he said.

The Chief, James Stanton, entered the house. You could feel the anger in him, it filled the room.

"Denise, Jack, I must apologize for my officers poor behavior. They are better trained than that and if they are lacking in training I will see to it that they are retrained." He looked over his should at both officers.

"Jimmy, no need, but if you feel they must, then they must." Both cops groaned.

"Hey, Rudy, how are you doing boy?" Jimmy said smiling down at him.

Rudy started to wag his tail and pant, tongue lolling as he did. He was happy to see an old friend. Jimmy reached out and scratch his head.

"Now who is this mongrel?" Jimmy asked me. He knew his cops didn't know.

"Carl Esposito, a hired hitter."

"Do we know who hired him?"

"No. We do know who handled the transaction. Jasper Adams."

"Interesting. Of course he won't testify to that will he?"

"No I don't really think so."

"How did you get it out of him?" Jimmy asked softly.

"You don't really want to know..."

"So, we can't use that on him then?"

"No. His right knee might be slightly fractured. I had to persuade him to tell me who paid him."

"I see. Well, we'll take him in. Question him. Charge him with B and E, criminal trespass, etc., etc. He'll be put away for a couple of years."

"Good!" Denise spat.

"Jameson, pick up that trash and get him down to the station."

"Bill, don't forget what I told you." Bill grunted.

Jameson pulled Carl up and him and Bill left.

"Doc, why don't you go up and get dressed. You have to be at work soon."

Denise looked at me, confusion on her face and in her eyes. I nodded. Smiled. She turned and went upstairs.

Chapter 4

"Jimmy, if you like I can see to Jasper Adams."

"You know, that might just be a good way to handle this, for now. He'll probably talk to you, before he would talk to my detectives. I'll still have to assign one to the case though."
