 The party was winding down and Amy and Bill were feeling very good at this point. Bill had begun to notice that the red velvet dress that Amy was wearing hung very nicely to her voluptuous body. He must be losing it if he had never noticed her full round breast before. Tonight he noticed not much else since her strapless dress was showing them off rather nicely. Every time she bent down for any reason he got a very nice view of her ample breasts. He seemed to be very clumsy tonight for he just kept dropping things and Amy kept bending over to pick them up for him. 

At some point Amy ended up sitting on Bill's lap cuddling close to him and teasing him by licking his earlobe. Bill was sure that Amy was able to feel his pleasure at this since she was rocking back and forth on his lap making perfect contact with his ever-growing erection. 

"Bill, let's go back to your office and really celebrate the holidays!" Amy whispered in Bill's ear.

He didn't need to be asked twice. He placed her feet on the floor, stood up, tried to adjust himself so his lust wasn't so obvious and led Amy out of the conference room to his quiet office. Once inside he immediately locked the door and led her to his brown leather couch against the wall. He lowered her onto the couch and got on his knees and ran his hands up her nylon covered legs to her knees. He slowly spread her legs apart and to his surprise was staring directly at her neatly trimmed curly brown haired covered pussy. He began at her right knee and kissed his way up her inner thigh – her scent filling his nostrils as he moved closer to her center. 

She smelled wonderful. Bill thought the smell of sex on a woman was better then any perfume and he got so aroused as he inhaled Amy's sexual scent. Slowly and delicately Bill parted Amy's swollen lips and lapped up the juices that were flowing already. She tasted so damn good. The initial contact of his warm tongue on Amy's wet pussy caused her to moan softly and spread her legs wider apart inviting him to sample more of her offerings. Bill worked his tongue upward till he found the hidden treasure that he had been seeking. As he softly licked her little bud Amy's hip bucked upward and her hands flew to his head pushing him deeper into her pussy.

"Oh my god, that feels so good! Don't stop!" Amy moaned.

Bill had no intention of stopping. As a matter of fact he was just beginning. He loved feasting on a woman's pussy and he wasn't about to deny himself this pleasure so willingly offered to him. He circled her clit a little more forcefully now as Amy moaned and moved her hips up and down. She was so hot and wet and he just couldn't resist sliding his finger up and down her pussy as he continued to lick and suck her hard bud. He was really enjoying the taste of her and the more he stimulated her clit the louder she moaned and the more aroused he got. Nothing sounded better to him then a woman's moans and whimpers during sex. He loves being with a woman who isn't afraid to let go and fully enjoy it all. He slipped a finger into her slick opening causing her to sit up and gasp. 

"Damn – yes – finger me PLEASE."

Bill wasn't one to refuse a lady's request so he began sliding his finger in and out of her pussy. Soon he had two fingers inside her and she was really moving against them. The more he licked and sucked her clit the hotter she got. He could feel the climax building up and he wanted his cock buried deep inside her hot pussy when she did cum so he stood up, dropped his pants and turned Amy around so she was kneeling on the couch. He rubbed his tip against her pussy causing her to back up trying to take it inside her. He pulled back teasing her causing her to whimper slightly and try again. He allowed the tip inside her this time and he couldn't help but moan as her heat wrapped around his head. It felt so damn good to him that he had to push further inside her. He grabbed her hips and pulled her back suddenly so his cock slid all the way inside her. 

Amy moaned again and began moving back and forth on his hard throbbing manhood. Soon they had a nice rhythm going. Bill would pull out to the tip every now and then and just run it up and down her opening till she begged for him to put it back inside her, which he would do immediately upon her plea. Amy reached down and began rubbing her clit as Bill fucked her faster and harder driving his cock deep inside her. Soon her muscles tightened and her pussy gripped Bill's cock as she climaxed. Bill held Amy's hips tightly and began ramming her pussy hard filling her with his cock – his balls slapping against her ass with each stroke. Bill was moaning so loud now as his orgasm approached. His knees buckled as his body tightened and his cock filled her pussy with all his cum. They were both breathless as their orgasms wound down and their lungs got the needed air back in them. 

"Bill, that was amazing," Amy said as Bill pulled out and walked to his desk to grab some paper towels for them to clean up with. He handed Amy a bunch and wiped himself off as well. 

"Glad you liked it. I enjoyed it myself. We should get back to the party though before the boss misses us."

"Yeah but come back to my apartment after and let's finish what we started."

That was one invitation Bill wasn't going to refuse!