 I was sitting alone at the bar in the pool hall waiting for a table. I was nursing a beer and checking out the talent serving drinks. One young lady particularly caught my eye. She was older than the rest, maybe 36. Her hair was coal black with frosts of gray and cascaded in waves down between her shoulders. She was about 5'4" and 130 pounds and wore tight faded jeans and a Harley-Davidson tee shirt that stopped six inches from her waistline. Her breasts pushed the material quite a bit away from her flat belly so that it hung open from the bottom. I wanted to look up that tee shirt.

But, you never hit on the barmaid, the saying goes, she has her pick. From the looks of the tall muscled men hanging around the joint, no woman was going to be choosing my short, skinny frame as the Ideal Man. I sipped my beer and lit a cigarette and waited.

Shortly a table became available and I took the rack, selected a cue and began to shoot 8 ball. As I was lining up my third shot from the break, a smokey, slightly hoarse female voice said behind me, "Alone tonight sugar?" I turned around without shooting and there was Dream Woman.

Up close she was even more stunning - high cheek bones, ice-blue eyes, a, fine neck. She smelled very sexy. I wanted her immediately, I had to make this good. Was the look she was giving me a try for a bigger tip, or was she really interested? I went for broke.

"Well, yeah..for right now anyway. I was hoping I'd get lucky though, Friday night and all." I glanced around the pool hall. "Trouble is, there nothing but guys in here. There's you..." I raised an eyebrow, "But beautiful women don't usually go for me."

She smiled very, very brightly, showing her white perfect teeth, and her blue eyes sparkled like diamonds. She never took those eyes from mine. "Oh! I better watch out for you, " She teased.

"Naah," I demurred, "I'm not dangerous."

"You ready for another beer?" she asked.

"I think I'll have a bourbon and water," I replied. 

Something in her look changed. My ordering bourbon seemed to draw her closer. I could feel her energy. She was turned on by my drinking liquor. I knew right then, I had her. I knew what she wanted from A to Z and I was dertermined to give it all to her.

The night progressed and I wound up drinking quite a few bourbon and waters. Every time she went by with her tray, I managed a flirtacious look, or managed a funny line as she passed. I never interrupted her in her work, I tried to be gallant. I wanted this woman who was so much older than I was in the worst way. My lust felt like an ache. I watched her perfect ass in those tight jeans and her slim waist and full breasts swaying and my head swam.

Later, feeling the drinks and the closeness of last call, I stopped her and bluntly asked her if she'd like to go to breakfast when the pool hall closed for the evening. She again gave me that 100-watt smile and those diamond eyes and said yes.

I took her to breakfast. She told me her name was Lesa, with an "E". She was divorced, for 2 years. We made a date for the next evening. 

I couldn't wait for the day to pass. I put on a black suit and a white shirt, hoping I wasn't overdressing but I wanted her to see how serious I was. Finally it was time for me to drive to the address she had given me. During the drive there I resolved to have her. We were complete strangers but I was sure I knew her secret desires. I had no idea then how right my intuition was.

I knocked at her apartment door and she opened it immediately and let me in. She said hello in her husky, slightly hoarse voice and smiled, silently approving of my suit. She herself was dressed to the nines, wearing a black mini skirt which showed all of her sexy legs which were in black stockings. A tight silk black tank top and a black blazer completed her outfit. Her salt and pepper raven hair fell in large curls which spilled over her shoulders. Again, her perfume made my cock stir in my pants, she smelled like sex.

Her apartment was neat and smelled like incense. There were plants everywhere and her decorative eye was subdued and tasteful. I wondered what this woman was doing waitressing at a pool hall. She had smokey jazz music playing lightly in the background. I felt like I had stepped into a spider's web. I imagined how many men had stepped foot into this apartment before me and fled, overwhelmed. I boldly entered, walking past her. She asked if I wanted a drink. I declined. I wanted this on my time table. I didn't want to get caught in here too early, I told her we had dinner reservations in 30 minutes.

The drive to the restaurant was filled with getting to know you conversation. Dinner was more of the same. We shared a bottle of red wine with our meal and had champagne with desert. We left the restaurant for a hotel bar that was private and dark. I ordered bourbon for both of us. As we drank, the mood changed and became serious. Up to this point we had danced around the fringe; I was trying to conceal my lust, she playing shy. I sat across the table from her and fell into her amazing eyes. The air was electric with our tension.

I suggested we go back to her apartment and she eagerly agreed. As we drove along the highway, I told her she was the sexiest woman I had ever met.

She leaned across the console and kissed my cheek, then licked my earlobe and gently sucked on my neck. Her hand was suddenly but lightly stroking my crotch. My cock grew in response. Her fingers and thumb traced the outline of the bulge in my fly and she made a little growling sound in appraisal. She unzipped my trousers and deftly extracted my raging erection, her hands like steely silk pulling up from the base.

"Oh my," she sighed, "Oh my."

I tried to keep my eyes on the road and concentrate on my driving. I felt her hot breath against my neck as she stroked my cock with more and more determination. I heard the soft slithery sound of her nyloned legs rubbing together as she slid around in the passenger seat and anticipated her soft, hot mouth on my cock head by fractions of a second. 

The inside of her mouth felt like heaven. Her lips feathered around my shaft as her tongue glided slowly underneath the head of my cock. Her forefinger and thumb circled the base of my shaft tightly and gently pulled up, relaxed, pulled up, relaxed. Her mouth and tongue felt like a hot cavern as she sucked and moved her face up and down in tandem with her hand. She pressed forward and took my entire length into her throat (Something I had never felt before) and closed her lips tightly. I felt her exhaled breath heat my cock even more as her tongue continued to glide in circles along my shaft and the underside of my straining head.

She moaned, deep in her throat which sent incredible vibrations through my erection. I actually felt them in my spine. Her remaining fingers closed gently around my balls and she raked her fingernails ticklingly along the underside of my sack. She was giving me the blowjob of all time, and I was trying to keep from driving my car into oncoming traffic. 

I looked down and saw her beautiful raven hair cascading around my crotch, which held in the heat from her breath as she continued to pump her mouth up and down. Her tongue was indescribable - she was literally fucking me with her mouth. Her fingers tickled my balls and stroked the base of my shaft like a cock ring. I glanced at the speedometer and noticed I was doing 85 MPH. I relaxed my foot with effort and the car slowed, but Lesa did not. She mouth was gliding from base to tip, base to tip, her tongue licking and lashing my rigid penis.

"I'm going to cum, Lesa," I managed to croak.

Lesa responded with a warm, wet, "Mmmmm," which I again felt at the base of my spine. She lifted her head enough to rub my cock head across her wet lips and spoke into my cock, "Cum in my mouth. I'm going to drink your cum. I'm going to worship this cock. I've been waiting for your cock. Feed me your cum. I want to swallow all you have."

She opened her mouth and took me into her throat again, working her tongue. I didn't think it could get any better, but Lesa managed it. I began bucking my hips convulsively, meeting her downward thrusts. She was moaning and moving her legs, squirming around in the passenger seat as she pumped with her hand and sucked and tongued and moaned. I couldn't help myself, I yelled.

"God damn it, I'm going to cum in your fucking mouth!"

That made her go wild. She screamed around my cock, never opening her sealed lips, pumping and tonguing me, breathing furiously through her nose, moaning, sucking, lips smacking, drooling over my cock. I felt her warm saliva run past my balls and down the crack of my ass. I had reached the point of no return. With a wild roar I felt my cum surge forward. 

I felt the orgasm in my toes, in my knees. In every joint in my body I strained forward and tried to direct every muscle toward release. I roared again as I felt a monsterous load of ejaculate surge into Lesa's mouth. Her hand pumped furiously, jacking me off into her throat. I felt her lips close around me as she swallowed, sliding her hand up and down and swallowing again as I released another jet of cum into her. She continued sucking and pumping her hand until she had wrung out every drop. She swallowed again.

I was breathing so hard I was making animal sounds. I had never cum so hard in my life. My racing heart began to slow. Lesa tightened her grip around the base of my shaft and milked out the last remaining drops from my softening dick, and licked at the appearing beads of cum like she was licking an ice cream cone. I slowed the car once again to 65 MPH. Lesa looked up at me.

"Did you like that?" she asked.

I couldn't believe the question. "You just wait 'til I get you home. I'm going to do things to you that you've never imagined," I said severely. "I'm going to do everything to you, Lesa. Everything."

She very gently replaced my cock comfortably inside my trousers and carefully zipped up the fly. She licked her lips and swallowed once more then leaned into me and kissed my lips.

"I hope so, Sugar," she cooed as she snuggled her head into my chest and drew her legs up in the seat, "I sure hope so."