 "Ding dong" went the doorbell. 

"Julia can you see who it is?" said Steven who had a splitting headache from drinking last night.

"Ding dong" the bell went again.

Steve reached out to wake his girl but hit all pillow. He blindly looked for her but did not feel her. He opened up his eyes to find her not in the bed with him. He looked at the clock and it was only 8am on this Saturday morning in January. "Must've went shopping." He thought to himself as he vaguely remembered her saying something last night about leaving early today.

"Bang bang bang!" went the door.

Steve shouted "I'm coming." He searched for some clothes to wear and couldn't easily find any and said fuck it and went to the door in just his boxers not even realizing his morning hard-on was pointing the way forward.

He swung open the door without much care to who it was and saw standing there a small woman wearing an overcoat black stockings and black slippers. She took a step backwards being frightened by the force he opened the door with.

She looked him over starting at the chiseled face and worked her way down observing the well defined arms and hair covered chest. She followed the trail of hair down past his six pack abs to the top of his shorts where his wood was now poking out at her.

"Can I help you?" Steve said rather rudely and trying to rub his eyes open.

"I'm sorry" she proceeded to say still looking down at his cock "I am the new maid. Anne. Your wife hired me. She told me to start today."

Exasperated Steve replied "Oh fuck. Why doesn't she ever tell me these things?"

"Sir?" she said shyly "Uhmm, you're pointing at me."

Steve looked down and noticed his dick sticking out and quickly spun around and apologized. Anne just smiled. "Well come on in Anne. May I take your coat?

"Yes. Thank you she replied as she allowed the coat to slip off her naked shoulders and into his arms. She was wearing the traditional French maid outfit; black and white with a frilly skirt and no shoulder straps or bra to support her breasts and the top of her nipples were barely visible. The top of her chest was bare and allowed Steve to peer down to see two C cup breasts pushed together by the dress, somehow not popping out from the pressure they seemed to be under.

Steve, all befuddled as to why Julia would hire a cleaning lady like her, asked "What agency are you from again?"

"I'm independent sir." She replied with a smile. "Your wife found me on craigslist and we had coffee last week and that is when she hired me."

"Did she know you dressed like this for work? And she is not my wife, she is my girlfriend and we live here together" he asked not realizing his cock escaped again. 

"Oh sorry sir and yes sir she does know. Where can I start?" she replied.

"Anywhere I guess. I am going to get a drink and watch some television would you like some water?"

"Yes. Thank you."

When Steve returned he saw Anne bending at the waist, back turned to him dusting the T.V. stand. Her skirt was stiff and did not cover her ass as she bent over, instead it gave him a framed view of her bare ass and her vertical smile. 

"Here's your water Anne." Steve said perplexed as to why his girl would hire her.

She turned her head to see him checking her ass out, stood up and walked over to him with the same smile still on her face. "Thank you" she responded while taking the water and began drinking it.

As she was drinking she spilled some water down her face and right onto her chest. "Oh dear; clumsy me she said as Steve watched the water go down her skin and make a trail right between her breasts. 

Steve grabbed a facial tissue that was on the table next to him and went to hand it to her when she said with a puppy dog look raising her duster out with one hand and her drink with the other "My hands are full. Could you dry me off?"

Steve started with her mouth and worked his way to her cheek then down her neck. She inhaled deeply forcing her chest up and out inviting him to dry her there too. Steve slowly began to dry the top of her chests to no objection from her and the he started to dry her in the space between her chest.

"Sir." She said smacking him with the duster "What kind of girl do you take me for?" pretending to be upset of what he just did. Steve jerked his hand backed as he was still confused as to what was going on here. "Now sit down and enjoy the show..." she said as she turned around to continue her work when she looked over her shoulder and finished her sentence "on the T.V."

Steve sat down on the couch and adjusted himself accordingly. He didn't even look for the remote; he just stared at the girl in front of him cleaning his living room. She then stood up on the couch next to him and began sweeping the ledge above him. 

She then stepped over him with one leg making Steven have to duck down a little. He looked up and there was her moistened snatch just inches away from his face. 

"Just got to get this one spot sir then I will be out of your way." She said.

When she stepped off the couch she accidentally knocked Steve's hand spilling his drink on his to shorts. Frantically she apologized and grabbed some facial tissues and bent down between his legs and started patting his shorts dry making sure to touch his cock with every pat.

"This just won't do you will have to take these off to dry sir. Here let me help you." she said as she grabbed the waist band and pulled them to his knees in one tug before he could object.

"Oh sir, it is so much bigger than she described." She said with excitement.

"She?" he questioned her. "Yes your wi... I mean your girlfriend told me about your big penis but, I didn't think it would be this big."

"Why would she tell you about my dick?" He asked not even trying to pull up his shorts. 

"She told me to take really good care of you today." She said and then continued. "She told me to seduce you, which I think I have accomplished and then suck you dry, which I am about to do and then fuck you senseless and then leave you." She then grabbed a hold of his dick and gave it one giant lick. "I am your birthday gift from her."

She began by stroking his cock and licking and sucking the head. She then dropped a glob of spit right on the tip and smeared it down the shaft with her hand. 

The head of his cock slid easily between her lips as she slowly went down five of his seven inches. She did this two more times spreading her saliva all over his cock. She even pushed some more saliva out for her mouth to have some extra lubrication.

With one hand on the base of his cock stroking the bottom half her mouth worked the top half going down straight on the shaft then using a sucking and twisting motion back up. The sensation was unbelievable to Steven.

Anne took her other hand and tickled his balls while at the same time rubbing the top of her palm against his taint. Steve couldn't say anything. This girl was working his dick expertly and who was he to disappoint Julia by not accepting her gift to him.

Her technique did not take long for him to erupt inside her mouth. She could feel his muscles contracting under her hand where she was stroking his taint so she increased the pressure a little bit and the tempo of her motion. This sent more and more cum into her mouth. 

Steve grabbed her head, as he informed her that he was going to cum, to prevent her from taking it off his cock, but it was not necessary, she was not going anywhere. She stroked, rubbed and sucked his cock until the head of his penis got so sensitive he couldn't take it anymore and reluctantly freed him from her grip.

Not a single drop of cum was noticeable on her mouth or his cock. She swallowed every little bit of it. "Mmmm. That was delicious. Julia was right; I would, like your taste."

"She wanted me to take you into the bedroom for our next part." Anne said rising to her feet and reaching out for Steven's hands. He grabbed hold of her hands and stood up as he was led by Anne to the bedroom.

"My turn to please you?" Steve asked.

"Nope. Julia did not want you doing any work." She answered. "I was hired to do all the work; you just lay down and receive. The only thing I get is your log inside my cabin."

She then pushed Steve on to the bed and knelt down between his legs and told him "Lay down cutie." And he complied. She then pushed his legs upwards and began to lick his taint. 

The pleasure he was feeling was intense but was a tease at the same time. She then briefly licked his anus which resulted in him moaning out "That's the spot."

Steve grabbed his legs and pulled them up near his chest to give her easier access to his asshole. She gave him another lick on his asshole and then blew some air on it. The tingling sensation was amazing. She then shoved her tongue onto and then into his anus licking it lovingly. She reached up with one hand and began massaging his cock and balls. 

Five minutes after just cumming into her mouth he was hard again. She stopped her assault on his anus and threw his legs down and straddled him. She pressed her pussy lips against his shaft but did not allow it entry yet. 

Her wet cunt was kissing his cock as she moved her hips forward and back. She then reached under her skirt and between her legs and positioned the head of her new toy to her entrance and took his cock deep into her soul. 

"Fuck that's big." She moaned happily. "I can see why she loves you so much." She continued as she slowly proceeded to rock herself up and down on his shaft trying to get acquainted with its size.. 

Steve reached up to grab her breasts and once again she slapped him waving a finger at him saying "No, no. Julia said you are allowed to look but not touch." She then undid the back zipper part of the way down and shimmied her top down so he could see her tits in all there glory. For Steve that was the biggest tease of all, looking but no touching, but he had to listen.

Anne however, grabbed a handful of tit while speeding up her motion. She then sat on him and began fucking him with a forward and back motion. Relentlessly working her tits, squeezing her nipples she erupted into orgasmic bliss. 

She relaxed her grip on her tits and placed her hands on hiss chest. She then brought her feet in and flat on the bed, leaned her upper body forward a little and began fucking him by pushing her body up with her legs. Steve reached up to grab her breasts again then remembered what she told him and then put them under his head.

"Good boy." She complimented him. "Oh god Sir, I think I am going to cum again." She said picking up the pace. "Fuck yes. Ohhhhhhhhaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm." She let out.

She then went back to her knees and slowly rocked back and forth trying to catch her breath. She then got up and faced away and re-straddled him. Her beautiful ass showed itself briefly as she bent over reaching between her legs again to fit his cock back inside her. Leaning forward and placing her hands on his shins she continued her fuck of him. He reached forward and lifted her skirt so he could watch her ass move his cock in and out of her.

"Your dick fits so perfectly sir. I need you to cum for me." She urged. "Cum on baby, fill me up." 

She was working his cock relentlessly certainly tiring by now when she belted out "Shit, here I cum again!"

This time as her orgasm ripped through her body she squirted right onto his balls. She watched herself soak his balls with her sex juices. She then straightened her self and continued to work his dick while smearing her fluid over his balls. 

She then moved her hand pass is balls and to his asshole where she used her fingers to tickle this asshole and taint. This drove Steve over the edge and his ballsac scrunched up began to push their fluids up to his shaft. "I'm gonna cum." He said. "So am I." she replied and kept on fucking him. When his hot load struck her inner walls she stopped tickling him and began rubbing her clit. She then convulsed backwards onto Steve squirting onto his balls, legs and even reaching one of his feet. 

Anne lost her balance and fell to the side of Steven with her hand now clenched between her legs. Steve shot one last small load out to and it landed in his belly button.

Both of them lied on the bed without a word for five minutes. Anne got up and asked Steve "Could you lie in the center of the bed? Julia has one more surprise for you?"

He moved to the center of the bed. "Close your eyes." she told him.

Next thing he new something metallic was hitting his wrist. His eyes opened and said "Honey what is this?" 

"Just something to keep you in place until I get back dear?" she said. "I have to go to the store and buy a few things and I don't want you moving from this spot or cleaning yourself off because when I get back I want to fuck you just the way you are and I know you need some recovery time." She finished as she cuffed the other hand to the bed.

She then kissed him on the lips and said "Happy birthday my love. I will be back soon." And walked to leave and then turned around "Oh, and that is the closest you will ever get to fucking another woman." Julia told him as she blew him a kiss goodbye.