 During spring break of Julia's first semester, she and Steven flew to Hawaii to spend a week on the beaches of Oahu. Their last night on island they got all dressed up for dinner. Julia wore a black and gold strapless dress that stopped just midway between her hips and her knees. She had bought a new pair of black stiletto heels that had straps that wrapped around her calf. Steven was wearing a tux he rented just for this dinner. It was bright white with a black and gold vest to match Julia's dress. 

Steven and Julia went downstairs and stepped into an awaiting limousine they rented just for the two of them. The driver tells them it will take about fifteen to twenty minutes to get to the restaurant and then he put up the privacy window.

Julia smiled and whispered "Thank you for this wonderful week Honey." And then they kissed. Steven cupped her face and she placed her hand on his chest.

When they broke their kiss he said "You're welcomed my baby girl. Anything for my favorite student."

Julia blushed and moved her hand down his coat all the way to the bulge in his pants that she has gotten very familiar with over the past year. "I want to thank you properly Steve and fifteen minutes should be just enough time to do so." She said.

She then went to her knees in front of Steven and proceeded to unzip and unsnap his pants. Steven, who was not going to object to her method of thanking him, undid the buttons on his coat to allow him to better watch her movements.

Julia reached inside his pants and parted the fly hole in his boxer briefs to attain her best friend in the world, Pepe. Pepe was in his semi solid state when she removed him from his confines but hardened rapidly in her hand.

With cock in hand Julia did not waste time and applied gentle sucking kisses which engulfed Pepe's entire head until he was at full mast. Then she pulled his pants completely off and then stood up. Steve with a skeptical look wondered how he was going to get head while she was standing.

"No head baby, I am too horny to not be satisfied before dinner." Julia told him. She then hiked up her dress a little bit to expose to Steve that she was not wearing any underwear and to reveal her new trim. It was a rectangle centered over her pussy.

After showing off her knew hair do she straddled him and placed Pepe into his rightful home. Julia sat all the way down until he filled her inner sanctum. Steven placed his hands on her breasts on top of her dress when she slapped them away. "No touching, you'll mess up the dress. She reached behind her and undid her zipper just enough so her braless covered breasts spilled out.

"There you go baby. They are free for you to play with." She told him. Steven leaned forward and guided her left nipple into his mouth. Julia arched her back shoving it deeper into his mouth. He could feel her pink nip stiffening from his sucking.

Julia began to ride him as he leaned back in his seat to take in her beauty. He placed his hands on her breasts and massaged them while pinching her hardened nipples between his thumb and forefinger. 

She started off going up and down slowly in order to moisten his dick completely with her pussy juices. Once his cock was covered in its entirety she took it all in again and began rocking back in forth. 

With one arm on his knee and the other on the top of the seat behind him, she swayed her hips forward and back being sure to press her clit against his body. "You got to cum quick Steve. We're almost there." She panted out. "Cum for me baby. Fill me up; let it out."

She usually doesn't egg him on to cum quickly so this was a real turn on for Steven. He then moved his hands to her ass and mouth back to her nipples. He aided her in moving her hips closer to him with every one of her thrusts. This caused his cock to push up against her g-spot. 

"Oh baby I'm gonna cum!" She said probably louder than she wanted to. 

"Don't stop I'm almost there." He replied. 

As they kept up the pushing and pulling motion of her hips on his cock they both let out a barrage of blasphemy and curse words at the same time. Steven's manhood filled the inside of her pussy and her sweet fountain spewed out on to his cock at the same time. 

Julia quickly got off of him and leaned over from her seat and sucked off as much of their juices as she could from Pepe. "Sorry honey but your underwear is now soaked." She said with a smile.

Julia straightened up her dress while Steven pulled his pants back on just as their door was opened by the door man at the restaurant. They both stepped out of the limo with a smile and walked hand and hand into the restaurant for their dinner. The doorman quietly whispered to Steven "Your fly is open sir."