 The flight left the mainland in the midst of storm, the takeoff and following ascent to cruising altitude was bumpy.  The man did not ordinarily enjoy such travel but he found that being clutched at by the petite brunette in the seat beside him did alleviate any overt distress.

For her part, the petite brunette woman wasn't as nervous as she let on but did enjoy his arms around her.  She'd also enjoyed the kissing they'd engaged in during the wait for the flight.  It had left the man breathless.

Leveling out at cruising altitude the airliner encountered smooth air as it raced towards the sun sinking in the west.  Hawaii bound the passengers on the plane were happy to the leave the rain and cold of the mainland behind and had high hopes for the following week in Maui.

After the stewardess's had passed through the cabin distributing the first round of drinks the cabin lights were dimmed and a movie was started. 

The petite brunette mentioned the cabin temperature and drew a blanket over the two of them as they alternately snoozed and watched the movie.  He awoke from one of the snoozes with start.  A hand was exploring his lap rather intently, touching here, rubbing there.  She didn't seem to notice, her eyes remained fixed on the screen so her hand must have been moving of its own accord.  He took a deep breath, conscientiously trying to still his now fully risen excitement.  Continued deep breathing exercises and tightly closed eyes had no alleviating effects.

"Are you OK," she whispered mischievously, her breath warm  in his ear.  "You're a little flushed and breathing hard," she continued as he felt his fly being lowered.  "Oh my," she continued in a low voice as her hand wrapped around his rigidness, "there appears to be a bit of swelling, too!"  She stroked him, her hand slowly rubbing up and down, stopping near the head to trace the tip and spread some of the wetness around.  "Is this as funny as when I told you I was wet?" her warm breath teased his neck and ear and she enjoyed the shiver that shook his body when her fingers started tracing lazy circles just below the head.  "Sensitive there, are you?" and she kissed him when he turned his head to look at her.  Mid-kiss the cabin lights came on and the stewardess announced they would be landing in about 45 minutes and offered a free MaiTai to all adults to welcome them to Hawaii.  She withdrew her hand and zipped him back up but had the decency to keep their laps covered.  "I hope you're feeling better now," she said after they had their drinks.  After the server had passed she leaned back into him and whispered "I was getting ready to kiss it and make it all better," she said, squeezing him through his shorts again.  She sat back grinning as he closed his eyes and groaned.  She leaned back in and whispered, "I think swelling like that is like from a snakebite, I was planning on sucking the poison out to get the swelling down but it seems to have cured itself."  She tentatively explored his lap again then laughed quietly, her bright blue eyes looking innocently into his.  "Its swelling again, I think.  Too bad its too late to do anything about it, though"

She was still chuckling (and keeping her hands to herself) as the plane descended and landed.

The light from the full moon sparkled on the ocean’s surface and the twinkling lights from the towns looked like diamonds on black velvet as the plane descended.  Other than a few shakes and shudders caused by errant wind gusts the final approach and landing were smooth. He turned to her, his eyebrows arching high, “We’re here!” and kissed her, a brief touching of lips and a hint of tongue offering more in the future.  As the plane taxied she gave him her most innocent look when he said, “I’d forgotten what a brutal tease you can be.”

The hustle and bustle of gathering luggage, deplaning, and finding the hotel’s transportation took another half-hour before they were again ensconced on a seat again, kisses interspersed with taking in the nightscape as they drove through the town and sugarcane plantations. The van deposited them and their belongings on a garden pathway which they followed to the front desk.

“Where’s the ocean?” she asked as they waited for the couple in front of them to check in.  “I can smell it but after that last turn I think we went away from it.”

“It’ll be fine, if we’re not close enough for you we can change hotels tomorrow,” he said, kissing her forehead.  They checked in and after being assured it was the room he had requested they rode the elevator up.  Surprisingly there was no making out in the elevator, even though they were alone for the ride up.  Simple hand holding sufficed, the unspoken of but highly charged anticipation made them slightly afraid of what would happen if they freed themselves from social restraint too soon.

He led her into the dark room, the faint glow from the digital clock giving just enough light to avoid the furniture.  Reaching around a corner he flipped on a light in the bathroom.  “Let’s take a shower before we go any further, and you can mull over this being a good idea or not,” he said as he kicked off his sandals,  and removed his clothes, disappearing behind the shower curtain.  She stood with a stunned expression as she heard the water start.  He poked his head out, “Are you coming in?”

She undressed slowly, taken by surprise at his sudden change in attitude.  She stepped in and found him rinsing off.   He drew her to him and kissed her, their naked bodies touching for the first time in much too long.  He broke the kiss and whispered in her ear, “I do, you know.”  Her jaw dropped in mute surprise when he stepped out of the shower and she heard him drying off.

“You do … what?”

“Adore you.” And she heard him leave the bathroom.  The quick and simple revelation surprised her again.  Not the fact of it, she’d known that he, at the very least, adored her, for at least ten years now.  She soaped and rinsed and found him dressed in a robe waiting for her. He conscientiously dryed her then led her, confused and naked into the still dark room.  Her vision took a few moments to adjust to the darkness but she could tell the blinds had been pulled back from the window and the fragrance of Hawaii told her the sliding glass door had been opened.
He moved behind her and put his hands around her waist and pulled her to him.  “Is this close enough?” the warm breath asked in her ear as his lips began exploring her neck.  As her eyes adjusted she found herself just inside the door leading to a balcony.  Beyond the balcony was ocean, illuminated by the full moon.  She could make out the dark mass of Molekini in the distance.

His hands had moved up, cupping her breasts.  “Close enough?”  he ask again, his tongue lightly tracing the ridge of her ear.

“I think so,” she said,  finding herself thwarted as she tried to turn to him.  His fingers continued to stroke her breasts, circling lightly, barely touching, then moving in for an unexpected pinch on a rapidly rising nipple.  Her breath caught at realization she couldn’t move towards, or away, or anywhere he didn’t want her to.  “That’s not fair,” her voice squeaked, “You know what that does to me.”

“Oh, yes, I know.  And I think some counterteasing is fair game,” he said.  One of his hands had dropped to her belly and was slowly sliding down, gently pushing her thighs apart.  As she moved her feet apart, granting him access to her sex, her hands moved behind her and she grasped his cock.

“Nope,” he said, backing away and removing the robes belt.  “These little hands need to take a rest, they’re probably tired after playing on the plane all the way over here.”  A few quick loops of the terrycloth belt and her hands were safely behind her back.  A few more loops and both hands were ensconced mittenlike.  When he moved his mouth back to her neck he found her breathing had quickened.  “You like that, don’t you?” he whispered and she answered by tilting her head to one side, offering him her neck.

He sucked, and nipped, and kissed her neck has his hands moved back to her breasts.  Her nipples had hardened fully now, the areola wrinkled and swollen around them.  He pinched them a little rougher now,  seeming to know just how much pressure to pinch them with. “Do you want me to use my mouth on your nipples,” he asked.  She nodded eager acquiescence but was teased, “I would have liked you to use your mouth on the plane, but it just wasn’t to be.”

His hands slid down her belly again, finger tips gently parting her pubic hair.  When they finally reached her lower lips his hands parted to stroke her inner thighs.  Gently, and oh so close to her wetness, his fingertips moved in lines and circles, gently pinching her and there. “Your right, just touching can be frustrating, can’t it?”  She vigorously nodded yes, her mittened hands could feel his hardness as she rubbed futilely at him, she could feel his erection pressed against her back.

“This is so not fair,” she repeated, and felt her knees flex spaghetti like when the middle finger of his right hand parted her lower lips and slid between them, gathering the moisture within and moving it to her clitoris.  Once at its destination the fingertip circled softly and she all but collapsed into his encircling arms.  “Not fair,” she whimpered as the finger darted away and slid into her.  It gathered more moisture and moved back to her nub, rubbing faster now.  The variations in her breathing led the fingertip to the bottom of her erect clit.  Continued rubbing at that point led to moans, then to gasps and moans, then finally a shudder as the pleasure overwhelmed her and legs totally jellied she allowed herself to be completely supported by him.

As she regained her balance he undid the tie and she turned and wrapped her arms around his neck, her eyes tightly closed and face to his chest as she took deep breaths.  A few moments later she pulled his head down for a kiss and murmured, “I know you do…”

He turned her towards the bed, he’d pulled it down she noted, and steered her towards it following close behind.  He gently pushed her forward onto it and she crawled up on on her hands and knees.  His hands tightened on her waist and stopped her, pulling back slightly until knees we at the edge of the mattress.  As her head turned she felt his hardness press into the back of her thigh.  A slight readjustment and her sex opened for him as he slid into her, his hands looking huge on her tiny waist.  Matching moans erupted from them as he entered her fully until her butt was tight against his hips.

She turned her head to give him a little smile and he said, “I dreamed of this since I saw you reaching into your car that one day.”  He eased all the way out of her then pressed back in.  He repeated, acquiring a rhythm as he thrust into her, then alternated with pushing and pulling her onto his rigidness.   He loved the way her breasts swung as she began moving with him.  Her arms collapsed when he reached around her leg with his arm and fingered her little nub in time with his strokes.   She lay with the side of her face flat on the bed and her arms outstretched, eyes closed.  Faster and faster he went as both of their breathes came quicker and quicker.

“I’m getting close again!” she said excitedly as he increased his speed yet again, the tingle of his own impending climax spurring him on. He had both hands on her hips now and watched as she moved one arm underneath herself.  A moment later he felt her fingers alternate between fondling his swing balls and rubbing her own clit.  A sudden gasp and shiver announced her climax, which in turn triggered his. This time it was his legs struggling to keep him upright as waves of intense pleasure moved through him.

It took a concerted effort for the two to move forward without breaking their joining but at last they lay spooned as their breathing slowed to normal and they drifted off, he was holding her in his arms.