 Chapter Two -- The First Evening

We walked into the lobby of my hotel, and again caught a number of interested glances. Feeling hotter by the minute, I led Jackie through the lobby to the elevator. Once we got in and the doors closed -- thankfully it was empty but for the two of us -- I took hold of her elbows and turned her quickly with her back to the wall. I placed a knee between her legs, leaned against her and kissed her hard. I forced her mouth open with mine, and our tongues sought each other hungrily. Too soon, the elevator slowed and chimed and the doors hissed open. We had barely untangled ourselves when we noticed an older couple gawking at us. The man seemed to be enjoying the sight, but his wife seemed a little annoyed at our public display of unbridled lust.

"Stop staring, Edward. I swear, kids these days..." I heard her say in a low voice as they walked into the elevator and the doors closed behind them.

"Kids?" Jackie demanded, smoothing her skirt. "Maybe if the old bat weren't such a desiccated old prune and a prude as well..."

I laughed as I pushed her against the wall and pressed my mouth to hers again. She giggled.

"Kids don't kiss like this. They don't know how." I broke the kiss enough to answer. I brought a hand up and pulled her jaw down, pressing my lips to hers and invading her mouth with my tongue. She responded in kind and we finished our mutual check of each other's tonsils before we moved down the hall.

I managed to get my card in the lock and the door opened, and before it closed fully Jackie had shed her overcoat and was propelling me through the suite toward the bedroom. She gave me a shove at the foot of the bed and I fell backwards onto it.

"Condom? Yes? No? I'm on birth control, by the way."

"No," I answered. "I'll go bareback if you will."

"Nice," she said. She made short work of getting my belt undone and my cock free, which immediately sprang to attention. She gave it three or four deep mouthfuls and moved away. Her hands were trembling.

"Nervous?" I asked her, touching her hand. "I'll be gentle if it's your first time."

"Fuck you," she answered. "It happens that I'm so horny I could fuck the doorknob. Is it your first time or something?"

"Fuck you, too. You'll find out soon enough. Now get on with it."

"Too much talk. Time to fuck." She stood straight, hiked up her skirt and pulled the crotch of her panties aside. "See, it's I fuck you, you fuck me. Like you mak-ah me hoh-nee, I mak-ah you hoh-nee. Any questions?"

"Just one: are you Asian? You don't look it, and what about —"

"I'm not. And doing it standing up?" she asked. "In a moment. I gotta get you inside me right here and right now. I think I told you to shut up and fuck. And don't you dare come." As she was talking she got on the bed and knelt over me, her booted legs against my thighs and hips. She slowly lowered herself to me until we were touching. "This is it," she whispered, holding herself just in contact with my throbbing erection. "Ready?"

Without waiting for an answer, she grabbed hold of my cock with one gloved hand, and, balancing herself with the other, lowered her hips until I was just barely inside her. Penetration, however slight: I'd always found that legal phrase loaded with the erotic.

"Oh yeah," she said as she let out her breath. "That feels so good." She pushed herself up again until we were scarcely apart, then came down like before. She went up again and held there, gripping the head of my shaft with her pussy and the rest with her gloved hand.

I grunted heavily.

"Do not come," she ordered.

"Not going to," I answered. "Just feels really, really good."

"Then you'll really like this." She took her hand away and leaned forward. Not moving her pussy, she gripped my upper arms and leaned her weight on her hands. She scooted her knees to my waist and squeezed inward. She had me effectively pinned to the bed. "Here we go," she breathed. "Remember, don't come." She lowered herself onto me, going until she had me inside her to the hilt. "How's that?" she whispered, gazing into my eyes.

"Fan-fucking-tastic," I answered. "Damn, but you're tight," I added.

"Did you say `butt´?" she asked, jerking her hips forward against my deep-planted cock.

I grunted again, involuntarily. Coming was not going to be an option if she did that too many more times. "You're tight," I repeated.

"I asked about my butt." She jerked her hips again, backward this time. "Don't come."

"Then you'd better stop that," I answered. "And what about your butt?" I had a feeling I knew what she was asking, but it was hard to think clearly, deeply joined as we presently were. Besides, I wanted to hear the explicit details from her.

"I'll stop for now," she said and slowly raised herself off my rock-hard pole.

I could feel the tremors starting deep within me that signaled approaching orgasm. With a struggle I mastered it as she slipped off.

"Close, are you?"

"How'd you guess?" I asked, still struggling to bring the muscles down south under control. I sat up.

"It shows in your face," she answered. "You need to come." She paused for a moment. "And so do I. Badly." She stood up and drew a deep breath. "Whew. Fucking right up to the edge is good foreplay, but it's hard to stop and go back. 'Scuse me a moment. I need the bathroom." She wasn't the only one.

When I came out, she was standing beside the bed with her jacket over her forearm. Her black blouse looked tailored; it hugged her figure in all the right places. It was not quite sleeveless, and her bare arms with her black gloves made a striking and enticing picture. Not to mention the short, tight skirt and her tall black boots. And to think we were about to get it on like a couple of animals in heat... I was instantly hard. I put a hand down the front of my trousers and shamelessly adjusted myself, watching her the whole time.

"Ready to fuck properly now?" she asked, her gloved hands on her hips.

"Oh yes. Now there's 'direct and to-the-point for you.'"

"My thoughts exactly." She looked thoughtful for a moment, then spoke. "What's the best way to do this, do you think?"

I looked at her, and then around the bedroom. I thought of her bent over, doing her from the rear, and thought how I'd love to have my hands on her breasts, abdomen, and clit: hot, urgent. "Not here," I said, and pushed her toward the living room of the suite. "Over the side and back of the sofa?" I asked.

"I like it," she said, looking around the room. A full-length dressing mirror on the wall beside the sofa caught her eye. "But let's do this. Give me some help." We moved the end of the sofa so we could see ourselves in the mirror. "I want to watch us," she said.

For the next several minutes we wound around each other like a pair of eels, our tongues sparring, our hands exploring. She pushed me against the wall as I'd done to her in the hallway and held me close to her. I felt her breasts press against my chest. I moved a hand up her back, and traced the outline of her bra through her blouse. I held her chin in the other. "I need you," I whispered, my lips brushing her ear. My cock was ready for full action now. I turned us so I was pressing her to the wall.

We kept on with our kissing, fondling, groping foreplay. I raised the front of her skirt and pushed a knee up into her crotch so she couldn't touch the floor with both feet. I kissed her hard.

"Oh yeah," she hissed. She pushed us down onto the floor and pulled me over on top of her. She moved her hands from my neck, back and shoulders down to my waist. As she undid my belt, she pulled my shirt up and swirled her tongue around my navel. "Let's get this bad boy out and ready for work." We kissed and groped some more, rolling around on the floor. She had one hand down my trousers, holding my cock in a tight grip. She undid my pants and pushed them down a little. We broke away from one another and got to our feet.

Once up, I did a quick shake of my hips, and my pants fell around my ankles. Walking this way would be a challenge, I thought, but then I wasn't going to be doing much walking.

"Cute trick," she remarked with a little laugh. "Got any more?"

"Wait and see," I answered. I had something in mind.

"Don't make me wait too long, lover. You gotta fuck me properly."

"Then turn around," I said. I urged her hips around and pushed her shoulders down to the back of the sofa. "Time to bend over, Jackie," I said. She was facing the sofa and bent over the side, one arm down the back of it. I caressed her thigh. "Got plenty more tricks," I said as I gripped her hips and leaned over to nibble on her neck. "Get this leg up more," I said, and guided her booted leg over the arm of the sofa to the seat cushion. "Hold your boot for me," I said. I nibbled her neck some more.

She moaned and turned her head to allow me better access.

"Wanna see another?" I could feel my own hot breath against her neck. I moved my lips to the back of her neck. I pushed her hair up, and placed my lips and tongue right under her hairline. I firmed my grip on her hips and moved one hand down to the hem of her skirt, caressing the insides of her stocking-clad thighs. I had to get down to her boots, just because they were so fucking hot. But there was one, and only one, chance to get this right. I caressed that boot some more.

"Yeah, baby," she whispered, her eyes half closed. "Show me the trick."

I nuzzled her neck and begin sucking hard. She was going to have one helluva hickey. I gripped her booted calf and kept sucking. Suddenly and swiftly I brought my other hand up the inside of her leg. Nudging aside the crotch of her panties with my thumb, I buried it as deep into her pussy as I could, all in one smooth motion. "How's that grab you?" I asked, working my fingers outside, my thumb inside, and squeezed. I had indeed grabbed her, and began moving my hand against her. Pretty soon she didn't need help; she was doing a good job of gyrating against it all on her own.

"Oh, fuck..." she gasped. She seemed to be trying to catch her breath as I kept at her with my hand. "Dd - do... do you..." More labored breathing, then her pelvic muscles clamped hard against my thumb. Yi yi yi yi!" she squealed. "I- I- I'm... Fuck!"

Coming, I think is what she was going to say. I let her keep wiggling and squirming on my hand as she calmed down, but still I pressed up, to the point where she couldn't keep her balance. She was still going strong and still clamped down on my thumb. Her legs squeezed hard against my hand and she was breathing hard and fast. Her eyes closed to slits; she was in her own little world of pleasure.

Slowly I eased her down and took my thumb out of her and my hand out of her panties. That was all the calming down she was going to get. I noticed with some good interest that she wore her panties over her garter belt, which I took to be a sure sign of a woman who dressed like this on a more-than-occasional basis. I filed the idea away for future use, my curiosity aroused. I had an idea.

I reached down to the trousers around my ankles and drew my knife. It was a single blade; sharp, well balanced and oiled, and I had it open with a flick of my wrist. Careful not to touch her hot ass or the back of her legs with the cold steel, I sliced through the waistband down to and through the crotch of her panties in the blink of an eye. I doubt she even noticed that it happened. I carefully pulled the silky nylon away -- I think as far as she could tell I was just getting some better access -- and tossed it aside. I pressed my lips to her ear. "I owe you some new panties," I whispered.

"Damn... that was tremendous," she said, still breathing hard. Indeed, she hadn't noticed a thing.

"Yeah, it was," I answered. "Ready for some more?"

"Do me," she whispered. "Hard." She balanced herself a little better against the side and back of the sofa and leaned forward some more.

I straightened her skirt a little then started caressing her bare ass with both hands. I worked one hand up to her waist and pulled the front of her blouse out of her skirt. She watched me in the mirror, an expression of extreme lust and hunger on her flushed face. Animals in rut, I thought as I slipped a hand up her blouse. "Let's see what's in here." My hand found smooth, bare skin, toned abs, and working up higher, the lower cups of her bra. I had always loved bras and the great treasures they contained. Her breasts felt firm and full, a delightfully overflowing handful. I longed to give them more attention, but not just yet. I continued with that hand just under her breasts, exploring her bra, caressing her breasts, while with the other I worked down her rear to the hem of her short skirt.

I slid my hands under it and raised it, enjoying the slippery feel of the lining of her skirt gliding over her nylon-clad legs and now-bare ass. It was the heat of the moment now and my cock was so hard it was beating time with my pulse. But it wasn't time yet. I had to wind her up some more.

"Say, what do you do for a living, anyway?" I asked, one hand still teasing at her breasts and the other squeezing and caressing her hot rear.

"Pharmaceutical sales and marketing," she answered. "What's that have to do with sex?" She sounded distracted, but not exactly irritated.

"Just wondering," I answered as I caressed her bare bottom, savoring every curve and the delicious firmness. She still hadn't discovered she'd somehow just lost her panties. "Not every day one meets a woman who dresses so classy. Or so hot." I quickly found my target, with my middle finger this time, and plunged it deep. There was a sharp intake of breath.

"Holy crap," she exclaimed. "It's a job requirement, all right?" She sounded completely distracted and exasperated. "Could we get on with this?" I felt her chest expand with a deep breath, and at the same time she pushed back against my hand. "I need... I mean... dammit! Will you just get something else in there!"

I was amused and in a mood to tease and torment her like she had done to me earlier. "Getting there," I replied. "And the company tells you what to wear underneath, too?" I asked. "I find that odd." I continued to caress her boots, her legs, her ass. Truth be told, I wanted to get inside her as much as she wanted me in her, but I enjoyed hearing her beg for it.

"Oh, for fuck's sake!" she said. "No... fuck me... oh, come on, you know what I mean... I mean, you know what I want..." the tone of her voice conveyed a strong sense of frustration. I took both hands to spread her ass cheeks, then brought my raging hard-on up to her pussy. I pressed only the very head in and held there, just like she did with me when we'd first come into the suite.

"This what you have in mind?" I asked.

"It is, oh please, please do me... fuck me now..." she said.

"I think that good, stiff, fucking is about to happen Jackie. Give me your hand." I took my hand and interlaced my fingers with her gloved hand, and held her close with it. With the other I gripped her boot. At first I worked my way in and out, barely penetrating her. She was whimpering now, beyond all words. At last, I slowly pressed forward and slid deeper into her hot, wet pussy. I went into her balls-deep and then began moving in and out in short strokes, still buried deep, and slammed her pussy and ass with each inward thrust. I reached into her blouse again, between her breasts, and into her bra. I gave one nipple a powerful tweak.

"Oh, FUCK!" she burst out. Her pussy contracted violently against my buried cock as she came, hard. I was almost there, but I wanted to have some more fun before I let her have it all. I pushed into her as deep as I could go, parting her ass cheeks so I could go deeper. I forced myself to hold still, buried to the hilt, because again I felt the warnings of a mind-blowing orgasm. This time was stronger than the first, and I had to stay absolutely motionless. I gripped her hips in both hands and held her hard against me as she rode through her own orgasm.

As for my own, I wanted to hold it off just a little longer. Pretty soon I felt like it was safe to go on. I carefully relaxed my hold on her hips and eased my cock out, so that again only the head was inside her. I raised my hand up and brought it down and forward with a sharp slap on her bare ass.

She squealed in pleasure as I swatted her again. Slaps and squeals and grunts were the only sounds in the room as I pumped her pussy in strong, deep thrusts. I was back from the edge, but there would be no more holding back.

I grunted heavily into her neck. "Here it comes, Jackie..." I slammed my hips forward then backed out a tiny bit. "Ready for it?"

"Fuck yes... give it to me... come in me!"

I moved one hand under her hips and pulled her tight to me, gave her tit another strong pinch with the other, and let my body do what it had to: my balls boiled over and erupted, firing jet after jet of hot semen deep into her vagina. Some of it oozed out over my pulsing nuts. That got me even hotter as I felt it, and I kept thrusting in and out. The sensations were overwhelming, and I felt like what I thought a buck must feel. I not-so-gently nibbled and tongued the nape of her neck as I slammed into her as hard as I could. We continued to moan and grunt and groan to each other like a pair of animals as we worked ourselves through our mutual orgasms and beyond.

Slowly the urgency of our intercourse subsided, and I eased my cock from her delightfully hot, wet, and filled tight pussy.

She turned around to face me and we kissed. "Oh yeah..." she sighed, evidently at a loss for words. She took hold of my hard cock, still jumping slightly with my pulse. Jizz and pussy juice drooled out of her and down the inside of her stocking-clad thighs. Jizz and pussy juice were spread liberally around my cock and balls, and I could feel jizz and pussy juice running down my own leg, as well.

"That was fucking hot," she said. "Scorching hot."

"That's because you're one hot woman," I answered, putting an arm around her and drawing her close to kiss her deep.

"Mmm..." she murmured into my mouth, threading an arm around my waist as she met my lips. She grasped my relaxing cock.

I took her down to the floor and rolled over on top of her. "You're wild and untamed," I said, pinning her arms to the floor as she'd done to mine on the bed earlier. I moved up and held her upper arms under my knees.

"And you like it," she said.

"Oh, I do. I do indeed." There was no arguing that point at all. "What else do you do?"

She laughed so hard and so suddenly it came out as a snort. "Crap... sorry," she said, struggling to calm down, stop laughing, and trying to recover herself. "How the hell am I supposed to answer that now?"

"Same as you would have before that outburst," I answered. "Tell me what else you do."

"My arms are going numb," she protested.

"Sorry." I moved down, but held her down with my body, her hands to mine, forearm to forearm. "You're still wearing your gloves," I remarked as interlaced my fingers with hers and squeezed her hands in mine. I clamped her hips firmly between my thighs.

"You're a swift one, you are. How long did it take you to figure that out? I'm still fully clothed, too."

"I noticed that, m'dear, 'cept your undies are over there in a wad," I said. "And you still haven't answered my question." A shredded wad, but I was going to let her find that out for herself.

"Your pants are around your ankles."

"Would you please answer the question!"

More laughter, quieter this time. "About what else I do," she said after a pause. "Well, let's see... I'm a talented, but noisy and sloppy fellatrix. I love it when the orgasm happens at the back of my mouth and down my throat with my lips closed all around." She was quiet for moment, her eyes searching mine, as though thinking and trying to discern my own thoughts. "I should add that nice girls don't spit. Plus, I like to get it in my ass."
