 Chapter Three -- The First Morning

There was a dreamy sort of feel to things, but dreams are always hard to describe. I must have been pretty far gone and deeply asleep. There was an idea or sensation of a woman beside me, and I had a sense that something intimate was happening. The dream continued. I dreamt of kissing the woman beside me, and pressing her head down along my chest and abs, to my crotch, where something stiff was waiting.

Oh, how warm and wet this is. The dream goes on. This is great...a woman I scarcely know -- Who is she? What is her name? -- has my cock in her warm, wet mouth, and I want it to stay there...

I found myself fighting sleep, coming up as though from deep water. The dream turned out to be not a dream, because there really was a woman in my bed, and she had my cock part way down her throat!

The events of the previous evening all came back in a rush.

"Hey!" I exclaimed.

"Mmph," I heard from under the covers. I felt my cock slip from her mouth. "Hey what?"

Slowly I realized that a leather-gloved hand was gripping my cock and balls, and quite firmly at that. Jacqueline suddenly had my full attention.

"What time is it?" I asked, still groggy despite what was going on down below. I reached for the light.

"Who cares?" came the answer, and I felt the full length of my cock slip into her mouth and down her throat.

I looked over to the nightstand at the clock, but there was no clock there. Maybe it got knocked to the floor, I thought. Yeah. Who cares? I looked toward the window, expecting to see daylight. We'd pulled the night curtain before getting into bed, but there was no light to be seen around its edges. Just as I was about to ask another question of my talented fellatrix, she moved her legs up to my head. I gripped her legs and discovered she had put her boots on. My cock tightened a notch or two as she eased me from her mouth. I squeezed her lower legs through the leather of her boots. I was getting hot and hard, fast.

Oh, those boots: they weren't just made for walking, they were made for sitting on the sofa watching TV, they were made for relaxing at a corner pub, they were made for business meetings, they were made for the office. They were made for walking through a howling gale on a cold winter's night. They were made for a lot of things.

But right now, those boots were made for hot, horny sex. Right now, they were made for a good, stiff, fucking.

"That's right," she said. Her hands stroked my cock as she spoke. "Seems there was a fire in the middle of the night, and my boots were the only footwear I could find so's I could go outside. And it was cold, so I needed my gloves." I felt her lick around the head of my shaft. "Hear the wind?"

"Fire?" I asked dimly. I listened, and heard howl and the flurries caressing the windows.

"Yeah, that's right. It's cold out there. And it was me on fire," came the muffled answer from under the covers. I heard a suppressed giggle, too. She swallowed my cock to the hilt this time.

Interesting fire, I thought as I pressed my hips up at her urging. I wondered fleetingly if Mr and Mrs Edward, from the elevator earlier, had known about the "fire" and gone outside away from the burning building themselves. Somehow I doubted they were experiencing the same fire Jackie and I now were. I covered the laughter at the thought by planting my face against one of her boots. The leather smelled delicious. I pulled her legs up until my face was between her thighs. Her legs were firm and well-toned, and my arousal grew as I ran my hands over her smooth skin and the soft leather of her boots; boots made for fucking. Her bare breasts pressed against my abs.

"So why...?" I began.

"Did I get dressed?" she asked, letting go of my cock again. She still hadn't come out from under the covers. Only her lower legs and part of her thighs, clad in her boots, were visible above the covers. I still hadn't seen her face. It would make a funny picture, I thought fleetingly.

"Yeah, now you mention it," I said. I pulled her closer and placed my lips to her pussy.

There was a sharp gasp as my tongue parted her inner lips.

"I told you, there was a fire."

Bullshit, I thought. "You'd have been damned cold out there, like this," I said, sucking hard on one side of her pussy as I spread her lips with my hand. I was feeling more and more awake as we went on. "I think the fire was right here."

"Ya- ya- ya... oh shit... don't stop," she pleaded. I stopped anyway.

"The fire's out, then?" I teased. I turned my head slightly and gently bit the inside of her thigh.

"Ow!" she exclaimed. "Do that again and you'll pay the piper!"

"Who's the piper?" I asked playfully. I bit her other thigh in the same way. "Is he wearing a kilt?"

"The piper's a she, bonehead. She's not wearing a kilt, and she has her pipe right here!" came the muffled answer. Suddenly I felt her teeth right on the skin of my ball sack, and none-too-gently. "How'th that anthweh youh quethion?" she asked. "Do it again. I'll bite hahdeh."

"Knock it off!" I said. "I'll make it up to you."

"How?" she asked, still not releasing me.

"I'll blow a load down your throat, you're not careful!"

"Not g'nough. Bethidth, I'm ve'y ca'ful."

"I'll fuck you 'til you can't move!"

"I think we-... we'th getting thomewhe'," she answered at last. She let go of my balls, and I quickly moved my hands to her head to keep her teeth away from me. I felt a strap round the back of her head. Curious, I sat up and wrapped one arm around her shoulders and the other under her chest. I threw off the covers and pulled her up to face me.

"What's this?" I asked.

"What's what?" she asked playfully.

"What's with the mask?" I asked, tracing a finger around the leather eye-mask she wore. Something about it was extremely hot. Maybe it was that only her eyes were visible, darting this way and that, blinking, occasionally catching my own eyes? Or the black leather that matched her gloves and boots? Or maybe just the wild nature it personified... it highlighted a mysterious, dangerous, wicked-and-wild sort of air. Not that she hadn't already shown something of that already. It was hard to reconcile this hot woman with the lady I'd just met that evening.

"Well, there was a fire, see," she began, and reached down and firmly grabbed my cock at the base along with a good handful of balls.

"So I heard," I said with effort.

"And, well, you know..."

"What? What is it I know?"

"Firemen wear masks," she said impishly, moving the one hand from my balls to shift both hands to my face. "So they can breathe in the smoke and stuff," she finished as we locked lips.

"You'd better get back to that fire," I said between kisses. I reached between her legs and found slippery wetness. "And you'd better get this back up here, so I can get to it," I said.

We rapidly re-arranged ourselves on the bed, with her on top, in a good 69 position. I could scarcely believe how great her ass felt, right over my face, as I squeezed it while I licked and teased her pussy.

Soon she was bobbing up and down, taking my whole length down her throat with each stroke.

"I'm getting cold," she said between mouthfuls. "Cover me up."

Yeah, cover you up, I thought: I think not, I love the view! Nevertheless, I pulled the covers over us so just her boots were out, as when I first awoke.

I chose that moment to thrust my tongue into her slippery pussy. She already had a firm grip on my balls, and she chose that moment to squeeze harder. I nearly blew my load right then, but I held it. I needed to do something, to know something, else. I worked my middle finger in and out of her, getting it good and slippery. I had a feeling she knew what was about to happen, because she spread her legs wider in anticipation.

Whether she anticipated it or not, I tilted my head back and spread her ass cheeks wider. I began to lick farther down -- or back -- but not touching her back door. Instead, I brought my slippery finger up and rubbed it around her little ring. I kept doing this and soon she was wet there. I plunged into her, violating her to the core. An enormous grunt came from beneath the covers, and I felt her momentarily gag on my cock.

"More," she said as she got her breath. "More."

More was definitely what I had in mind. I pressed my finger deeper into her butt and wiggled it as I went.

I felt another deep grunt from her as I pushed in as far as I could.

She let go of my cock and came out from under the covers. She let my finger slip out of her ass and sat up and swung her legs off the bed. "I like that," she said. "Want to save it for later?" She went to the other room and came back with her bra, which she was slowly swinging around a finger. "I've got another idea right now." She continued to twirl the bra with one hand and cupped a breast in the other. All she had on was her boots, gloves, and eyemask. Her eyes, twinkling through her mask, held me spellbound. "Titty-fuck?"

"Yeah... titty-fuck," I answered, mesmerized.

"I like it," she said. "I bet I could get you to do just about anything right now, Panty Shredder."

Still stuck on that phrase? I still thought it was hilarious, but she'd just pulled me out of my hypnotic state. All right, Door Knob Fucker, what's on your mind? I wasn't about to say anything, and it was a struggle to keep my expression as dazed and as enraptured as I could. My mind and imagination were going at full throttle. Door Knob Fucker, meet Panty Shredder, etc.

Regardless, watching her wiggle her breasts into her bra cups and fasten it had captured my attention in a way I'd seldom known. She came back to the bed. I was still holding, as best I could, that hypnotic stare and expression.

"Move over, lover" she said, and lay down, her legs spread and knees in the air. "Get up here between my tits."

Oh, yeah, I thought, anticipating what was to come. I wasted no time straddling her, but not before I buried my face in her luscious cleavage and gave her a good tonguing. I sat up and slid my cock between her breasts as she pressed them together.

It was a fantastic view: Jackie, wearing that black eye-mask, black bra; my cock between her breasts, thrusting back and forth.

"Yeah, baby," she breathed. "Just like that. Fuck my tits, cum on 'em, cum on my face." She moved her legs up, pressing her boots into my legs. Her raw, dirty talk got me even hotter.

I wasn't gentle, at all. I was rough about it, and I made sure she knew it. I was going to have my way with her. For her part, she pressed her breasts together to capture my cock as I leaned forward against her. I gave her sexy breasts a few more good strong strokes and noticed, with some good pleasure, that I was leaving a noticeable trail of pre-cum right there between her tits. Something more was in my mind, though. I had something rude and hard, dirty and nasty...

I grabbed the back of her head and forced my cock into her mouth. "Suck on this first," I demanded. I was on the edge of calling her a dirty slut, but I thought better of it. It wasn't true, and it would have been simply wrong and degrading. "Suck it hard, Jackie."

She needed no encouragement. Suck she did, like a woman possessed. We suddenly seemed to be of one mind, and got off the bed -- or at least, she did, I was sitting at the edge of it -- with her kneeling in front of me. She held my cock in her gloved hands, caressing, kissing, and licking it.

"Face-fuck me, Mick," she said as she ran her tongue around the pulsing head of my aching cock. "Stand up and fuck my throat." With that, she pushed her gloved hands under my ass and urged me up off the bed. Once up, she quite literally swallowed the entire length of my cock. I watched her mouth and throat expand as it went in. Her teeth and gums were in my pubes, and I was actually fucking her throat. My cock swelled more. The time was getting ripe to fire a load down her throat. Or in her pussy. Or in her hands. Or on her face.

That eye-mask, I thought: how would she look with a thick ribbon of hot semen splashed across her mask?

Or how would it feel to come deep inside her butt? I was getting closer to the edge as she worked me in and out of her throat. Damn... how can she do that and still breathe? I wondered.

One thing was becoming apparent, though: I wanted to blast this load down right down her throat, but even more, I wanted to see her, to watch her, when she got it. I wanted to see her lips around the very base of my cock, and look into her eyes as I emptied my balls into her mouth, her throat.

I was so close to the edge, but I was determined to hold it. I watched her gripping my balls and my shaft with one gloved hand, and rubbing her tits and pussy with the other. She seemed to be totally in her element, sucking my engorged cock with great concentration. Every so often she'd pause and tighten her grip at the base of my shaft. I had an idea she was gauging something, waiting for me, maybe something that she could tell better than I could just how close I was to exploding.

I didn't want her to stop, but when she did stop, I didn't want her to start again. She seemed to be an expert at holding me right there, on the very edge.

"I... I- I gotta come, Jackie," I moaned.

"Mmm-mm," was the only response. Her talented mouth and throat made a couple more passes up and down. She came off. "You'll come when I'm ready," she said at the top of a stroke.

I took her face in my hands. With effort, I got her head up to the top of my cock and tilted her head back so we were looking into each other's eyes. Her cheeks were deeply flushed, and her eyes seemed to sparkle with heat. Pure, unbridled, sexual energy and heat.

"I think not. In fact, the answer is not just no, but fuck no," I answered. "You won't get any warning." I wanted to come so badly it was beginning to hurt. "Bee-atch," I added as an afterthought.

"Bee-atch? To use your words, I think not. And for you information, in case you were thinking of it, neither am I a 'dirty slut.' I'm a classy woman, Buck-boy. And we're animals in rut, remember? I'm a doe, and you're my buck. My boy-toy." There was a titter of laughter as she shook her masked face free of my hands.

Buck-boy? Boy toy? I was about to answer something -- I don't know what -- when she pressed a finger hard against my perineum -- right behind my balls -- and effectively choked off anything I was about to let go. She caught me totally by surprise. I was exactly on the edge of a mind-blowing orgasm, and she stopped it. She held her finger there; she knew precisely what she was doing. All the while the feeling continued. I wanted to force my cock right into my pretty doe's throat, and drill my seed right straight down her. I couldn't force my cock down her throat, because she held me just out of reach. I couldn't come. I couldn't come because of the pressure. Nothing happened. I teetered on the edge.

"Do me, Mick. Fuck my throat. See if you can blow it all down me," she said. That was it, and she swallowed me to the hilt again.

I was still looking down at her, puzzled in some animal-like sort of way, at her mask, her bra, her boots -- there was no more holding on for Buck-boy.

It happened. The thump and throb and hot river of sex-charged relief of orgasm began. My balls contracted, the semen went, but... there was a problem. She had very effectively closed off the floodgates. Pulse after pulse went, but nothing came out. She rocked her finger back and forth and I sort of had this sensation of relief but it didn't last. I came down from the high of orgasm on the wrong side.

"Ha!" she said after a moment or so, and kept moving her finger. "Sometimes the doe says no. Ha ha! Doe says no!" She swallowed me again, keeping the pressure on my perineum. She definitely knew what she was doing. "Fucking Panty Shredder," she added.

Through the fog of orgasm -- or failed orgasm -- I tried to make a mental note of her remark. I gave up trying to hold her head and collapsed on the bed. My balls ached.

She fell down beside me on the bed. She took my aching cock in one gloved hand. The feeling of having to come was slowly subsiding. "So, Michael, does that answer your question?"

I wasn't all there, and I had to think. "What question?" I finally answered. I fought hard to force her last words to memory. I was still reeling from the orgasm, or whatever it was.

"What do you mean, 'What question?' As I recall, your question was about what else I do," she said.

I still couldn't think straight. "Was it something about being a talented and noisy and sloppy fellatrix?"

"It was. You get points for that, Buck-boy. Now answer."

"What, you want me to grade you or something?"

"Sure. Why not?" She leaned up on one elbow to look at me. She still wore her eye-mask. Her lips and lower face were wet and slobbery.

I thought. "Talented: 10. You did something I didn't think possible. Noisy? I couldn't tell. I was thinking of other things. I'll give you a 9 because I imagine you made a lot of sexy, horny noises. As for sloppy? I'm afraid that might be very low." I made a quick check of my junk. "It's wet and gooey but none of it's mine. I think it's a five."

"That's harsh, but you're right. You didn't get to contribute. I think you've still got it all. Mind you, most times there's no mess at all because I'll let you fire in my mouth and then finish by licking you clean. I call it 7.5" , she said. "But the score still stands! Doe says no. Score stands at Buck one, Doe two. You fucked me hard and deep, and I gave you the choked-orgasm treatment.

"That's one for me and one for you by my count. How do you get two? And no, not 7.5. You get get a six."

"Oh, fine. Anyway, two: you're forgetting that good quick fuck we had first thing this evening, remember? Ha! Doe says no! I didn't let you come then, either!"

"Oh, all right. I did forget that. But Buck-boy said no that first time, too." She was headed for some interesting times ahead.

"Well, there's a guy for ya," she said. "Can't remember who he fucks when."

Very interesting times. "Oh, screw you. Show me again how hard and deep you can kiss. I love kissing you." I rolled her over me and held her to the bed, legs to legs, abs to abs, as close as we could get. Our lips met.

"Didn't anyone ever tell you it's not nice to talk while you're kissing?" she asked.

"I'm not. You are." I sealed my lips to hers, caught her tongue, and sucked on it. Hard. She was about the best kisser I'd ever known. We broke apart to catch our breath.

"More," she whispered.

We locked lips again, this time holding each other's faces, chins, necks, everything above the shoulders. It was full-on, all-out, make out. I broke the kiss and began nuzzling my way down her face, to her neck, and then to the crook of her shoulder and neck. I found the spot I wanted and began to not-so-gently suck and tongue. Jackie moaned, and turned to kiss my cheek. Just a little longer...

"Come back up, lover," she said.

Finished just in time. I glanced at my work: she now had matching hickeys -- one on each side of her neck -- but low enough you wouldn't see them when she was dressed. Just the sight of them made me horny. I went back to her lips and we kept on with our face sucking.

We finally quit and collapsed back on the bed, exhausted.

"Wow," I said.

"You bet your ass, wow," she answered. "What the hell time is it?"

"I asked that earlier and you said you didn't care. What the hell'd you do with the clock?"

She raised herself up on her elbows and looked around on the floor around the nightstand. She poked at something with her foot. "Didn't do anything with it. Oh. There it is. 5:15. What time do you have to be where?" She fell back down on the bed and came in close to me. The wind was still howling.
