 Having given up all hope of resisting temptation and keeping Linda at bay, our after school fuck became an everyday addiction. Sometimes she'd surprise me by actually leaving when the bell rang. But, then I'd find her sitting in my car masturbating as she watched me approach. So, on those days I'd just take her home and fuck her in my bed. And, so it went.

I have a policy of holding an open house for parents the 1st Wednesday of every month. This is to give parents a chance to talk with me one-on-one to see how their young student is doing. On these evenings I usually hold fort for 4 hours, from 5:00 to 9:00. If no one shows up I use the time for grading papers and/or preparing lesson plans.

I looked at my watch. It was 8:58. Might as well start packing it up, I thought to myself. I'd had one parent drop in at 5:30, but since then nothing. I tossed all of my papers into my attaché case, sat it on the floor and started locking up my desk.

Just then the door opened and this real sexy-looking lady walked in. She was wearing heels, hose, a skirt short enough to show a little garter strap, and a tight-fitting blouse that accented her very ample bosom.

And, I felt my heart leap and get stuck in my throat. Oh! Oh! I thought. This lady was a spitting image of Linda, except for a few crow's feet framing her eyes. It had to be her mom. She even walked like Linda with her huge tits bouncing every which way.

This ought to be easy, I thought, since I was giving Linda straight 'A's. I mean what could she have to complain about? Boy, was I in for a surprise.

She got right down to business. "Mr. Smith?" She held out her hand.

"Yes ma'am," I said, rising as she approached.

"I'm Mrs. Cochran, Linda's mother. There's something I need to talk to you about." 

Something about her tone of voice set off the alarm signals in my head. "Please have a seat." I gestured to the chair pulled up near to my desk, as I resumed my own seat behind the desk. 

Instead of taking the seat I indicated, she came right up next to me and leaned her thighs against my desk, resting her shapely ass on the desk top. She folded her arms across her chest, making her huge cannons point threateningly at me. Like her daughter usually was, she was braless. Her huge nipples tented her half-opened blouse and waggled at me with each breath she took. 

She looked at me real sternly and took a deep breath. "Mr. Smith. I was cleaning my daughter's room the other day and I came across her diary."

Oh shit! I thought. My mouth suddenly went dry. I averted her gaze—but then found I was staring at her gorgeous thighs and that scrumptious butt propped up on my desk top. I looked down at my hands instead.

She took another deep breath. "I-I-I don't know how to say this. But it is quite obvious from my daughter's diary that you've been having sex with her."

I was shell-shocked. I glanced up at her eyes and moved my mouth, but no words came out. I looked away again. And, she moved in for the kill.

"This is something I really ought to take to the school board, you know."

"I-I-I-I'm really so very sorry, Mrs. Cochran. I-I-I-I'really didn't mean to." I managed to say while looking pleadingly at her.

"This could be the end of your career, you know, Mr. Smith."

"Oh, please, ma'am, I-I-I . . . ."

"On the other hand," she said, sliding her butt back on my desk and swinging her legs around to plant a foot on either arm rest of my chair. This raised her knees up and gave me a bull's eye view down between her thighs right to her pretty white panties. "Perhaps we can work something out so I won't need to report you."

"S-s-s-sure, Ma'am. Anything you say."

"You can start with my feet then." She kicked her heels off, and started running her feet up and down my chest. Then she rubbed one of her nylon enshrouded feet against my face.

Getting an instant hard-on, I grabbed her foot with both hands to hold it still so I could kiss and lick all over her instep. 

While I made mouth love to her right foot, she caressed my cheek with her left. The sexy silky feel of her nylon-enshrouded foot loving my face while I looked down between her thighs sent thrills all through me.

I mouth-loved first one foot then the other while she began undoing the rest of the buttons of her blouse. I began sucking the toes of her right foot, and she slid her left down the length of my body to tease the insides of my thighs.

Her tits finally free of her blouse, she began tugging at her hard-on nipples as I sucked off her right foot. She worked her other foot up higher between my thighs until she found my cock.

"Ngggggggggggg!" She moaned. Her eyes glazed over, then rolled back into her head, She worked both her nipples between her thumbs and fingers, jacking them off like crazy while working her foot up and down on my cock.

This was too much for me. Enough toe sucking. I began kissing and licking way up her foot, to her ankle. Then I was mouth-loving her calve.

Her eyes focused enough to look at me briefly. 

I couldn't tell if she even knew who I was at that point, her brain was so fried in her horniness. Her eyes pleaded at me with her hunger.

"Ummmmmmmmmm" she moaned. Her tongue flicked out to lick her lips as I worked my way up to her knees.

Her panties were just dripping wet by this time, and the musky smell of woman wafting up from inside her skirt assaulted my senses and made my cock throb all the harder.

I raised both her legs up into the air, making her lie down flat on her back across my desk top. I kissed and licked the backs of both her knees while fondling her thighs and hips.

"NNNNggggggggod, yesssss!" She cried, almost whimpering.

I kissed and licked the backside of her thighs from her knees to her butt, first one leg, then the other. Up and down I licked and licked, up and down, while she moaned and whimpered on my desk top. I relished the contrast of her nylons with the soft, tender flesh on her upper thighs.

While licking the bottoms of her ass checks, I nuzzled my nose into the damp furnace of her panty-covered cunt. I inhaled deeply, letting her hot, steamy sex fill my lungs, scald my brain, and drive me completely, totally sex-crazy.

I worked my way back up to behind her knees, then I worked my face in between her legs so I could kiss and lick my way down the insides of her thighs. I kept both of my arms around her legs so her thighs would press against both sides of my face as I licked and kissed her. One of my biggest fantasies and fetishes is to feel nylon-enshrouded thighs caressing, and squeezing my face from both sides. I was in heaven.

The tangy sex-smell from her dribbling panties was getting stronger and stronger, making me hornier and hornier.

Finally, I was there! I buried my face into her sloppy wet panties and began munching away.

"F-f-f-f-fuck yesssss!" she hissed. 

While caressing her ass, hips, and thighs I nuzzled my face up and down on her crotch, then alternately licked, kissed, and sucked on her cunt through her soaked panties.

She thrashed and bucked on my desk top as she fucked her cunt into my face.

The harder she thrashed, the harder I sucked and munched her. I inhaled her nasty sex-smell like an animal, letting it fill every cell of my being.

My cock throbbed in rhythm to her thrashing.

"Nnnnnnggggggodfucccccccck!" She moaned as she bucked her orgasm against my face.

++++++

Meanwhile, my poor cock was almost ruptured from straining against my trousers. My underwear was damp with precome. My balls ached.

Mrs. Cochran caught her breath, her eyes returned to their normal position in their sockets. She looked at me with gratitude then sat up and drew my face to hers. She fenched me hard. Like a maniac, she licked and sucked all of her sex-taste from my mouth, lips, and tongue.

"Wheeooo, Mr. Smith!" she said. "My daughter was right. You really do know how to eat pussy. Let's see what else you can do." She grabbed my tie and pulled me up out of my chair.

As I stood up she wrapped her legs around my ass, pulling me in close to the desk. One hand still pulling on my tie, she reached her other hand down to my crotch. "Ummmmm, such a nice big hard-on you have, Mr. Smith. My daughter was right about that too."

She began eating my face out again while her hands undid my tie and shirt. As soon as she had my shirt and tie off, she slid off the desk and sat down in my chair turning me around to face her at the same time.

"Ummmmmmnice cock," she said nuzzling her face into my crotch while fondling my butt. She tried to suck me off through my trousers while her hands played with my ass and undid my belt and zipper. She yanked my pants down to my knees and mouthed me through my jockey shorts. 

Then she pulled my underwear down, giggling when my freed cock went "sprong!" and slapped her in the cheek. She licked my cock up and down on the underside. Up and down her tongue slid, from the tip clear down to my balls. After licking my balls she worked her way back up the underside of my shaft until reaching the top, she licked all the way around my engorged head, then tried to fuck the tip of her tongue into my little hole. 

"Ngggggggggg!" she moaned as she sucked me deep inside her hot, wet mouth. Her moans were much louder and deeper than her daughters and the vibrations drove me crazy.

As she sucked me off, fucking her face up and down on my pole, she slipped a hand down her panties to frig herself off.

Watching her jerk herself off while sucking on me was too much to take. "I-I-I-I'm going to come!" I managed to say.

Still fingering her self with one hand, she cupped my balls with her other hand so she could feel them quiver, contract, and explode and shoot their load into her mouth.

After I came, she looked me in the eyes and swallowed, then licked her lips. "Now you've made me all hot and bothered again, Mr. Smith."

She helped me step out of my trousers and underwear, then we traded placed again. I helped her out of her skirt and panties while slurping away at her crotch. 

As soon as she was naked, she pushed my face away from her cunt and turned around to lean over the top of my desk, her ass stuck up in the air. "Okay, Mr. Smith. Let's see how well you can fuck now. Go ahead, fuck me doggy style."

I mounted her from behind, my throbbing cock probed under her ass cheeks until it found her sloppy wet trench. Her cunt was so wet and ready it virtually sucked me right in. It was the hottest, wettest cunt I think I've ever felt. I began pumping her in and out like a horny dog. I reached my hands around to play with her huge tits while fucking her. My stomach muscles made slapping sounds against the cheeks of her ass each with each stroke.

"Ngggggggggfuck, yessssssss!" She moaned reaching a hand down to diddle her clit while I fucked her slit.

"Nnggggggod,ngggcum,f-f-f-f-fuck!" She moaned as she came.

As she bucked and thrashed her orgasm, I held on to her tits with all my might and slammed my abs against her butt as hard as I could driving my cock hard inside her cunt and stroking her G-spot.

"Geeeeeeeeesussssssss!" She screamed as my hot cum shot all over her G-spot.

Later, after a few more orgasms each, we dressed and walked towards the door.

"Okay, Mr. Smith," she said, shaking my hand. "I guess we have a deal. No one needs to know about this except you and I."

Before she left, I gave her my address and we agreed to meet at my place every weekend. In the meantime, her daughter Linda continued to way lay me after school during the week. I also gave Linda my address so she could wait for me at home each day rather than doing it on school property. And, so it went until the end of the school year. But, that's another story.