 Many thanks to Literotica author 'englander1961' for her help, editorial services, encouragement and a title much better than my original, which has elevated her to the status of House Goddess of Sexy Story Titles. Effusive thanks to Holly, the beloved and erotic Sister Decadence for her encouragement, editorial review and kind words. Thanks to Literotica author 'KY ridgerunner' for the stories that planted the idea in my head months ago. 

After you've read this, if you have any inclination at all to comment, please do so, either by email or on the comment board... The best way for me to grow and improve as an author is to hear from the people who read my work. 

I welcome constructive critiques and non-abusive comments. I will answer, in at least a semi-prompt manner, any email that comes with an email address. 

If you feel you must respond in a hateful or angry fashion, you may put your head down upon your desk and do so, quietly to yourself, for as long as you feel it necessary. This story may not be copied to other sites without my permission.

If you have not read the earlier installment(s) of this tale, it would probably help you to make sense of this one if you did so.

* * * * *

Harry Grimes woke up feeling better than he had in over 6 months and if he thought about it, longer than that. The events of the previous evening and morning filled his mind with wonder; it was if he had somehow stumbled into a dream and then awakened to find reality better than what he had dreamed.

He lay on the bed, eyes closed, wondering where Carol was. He listened to his house, trying to locate her by sound. There was nothing from the bathrooms, no shower running, no sounds from the kitchen, no hint of television or music and no padding of feet anywhere that he could hear. 

Momentarily, a feeling of worry gripped him. Had she left? Had she been lying to him? 

No. He'd stake everything he was on it. She hadn't left, she hadn't lied. So then, where the hell was she?

It was then he noticed the soft susurration of breathing, coming from below, next to the bed. He rolled over to look.

There on the floor, curled up in a nest of blankets, was Carol, asleep, her arms entwined in the chain attached to her collar as if she had tried to bind herself. 

He reached down and gently shook her shoulder.

"Baby Girl, time to wake up."

She rolled on to her back, slowly raising her arms over her head, the chain's loops gliding along her flesh like silver streams. He marveled at the sight, how anyone so bruised could be so beautiful, how anyone could make thin dog chain look so sensual, how anyone so wonderful could entrust their life to him. 

Her eyes opened and focused on his face, hanging over the side of the bed above her, and she smiled a beatific smile, the smile of an angel proclaiming the Grace of God.

"Good morning sir. Shall I make breakfast now or may I serve you in some other way?"

"Yes Baby Girl, you can tell me what you were doing sleeping on the floor."

A look of worry clouded her face, robbing it of its light. 

"Sir, I... this is where I sleep... this is where I've been told to sleep."

"When did I tell you to sleep there?"

She moved effortlessly, gracefully, up from the floor and onto her knees, head down, arms crossed before her.

"Sir, you have never instructed me as to where or how I am to sleep."

"Little Cunt, what am I to do with you?" Harry asked as he sat up and leaned back against the headboard.

She looked up at him, the glint of mischievousness in her eye. "Well sir, I think my bottom should be soundly spanked by you with your bare hands, or a paddle, until it glows red. Then it would be the absolute in torture for you to cover it in kisses."

Harry smiled, in spite of his momentary irritation with her. "And what then?"

"Well sir, if past experience is any guide, after that, I will be begging for you to fuck me in the ass... but whatever you do, you mustn't do that! You should do whatever else in the world you want to me, sir, but never ever fuck me in the ass when I'm begging for it!" Her elfin smile lit her face. "Because whatever you do to B'rer Rabbit, you don't ever want to throw him in that briar patch."

He grinned. "Alright, that sounds like fun, and may well happen... but what if I was seriously displeased?"

"Sir, I enjoy being bound, being restrained, to a point, but I don't enjoy being left in frustration. Tying me down and exciting me, and then leaving me there, unfulfilled... well, that's a very good way to punish me and is especially productive if small vibrating toys are left running in my cunt and ass on 'low'. I'll be a quivering, crying and begging wreck in about 15 minutes."

"Good to know," Harry responded, "now then B'rer Rabbit, I think you better climb up here and lay across my lap."

Harry's pet hopped up off the floor and leapt across him, planting her pussy directly atop his prick. The nearness of her had his cock immediately stiffening.

"Count the strokes as they fall, little one," he said.

His hand came down sharply and slapped her butt, causing it to jiggle delightfully.

As her hips writhed she moaned "Ummm, that's one, sir."

The spanking continued and Harry watched amazed her excitement increased. The spanking part did little for him personally, as he had a long list of things he'd rather be doing that involved her body, but she was definitely enjoying it.

His cock could feel the warmth and wetness in her crotch, so close it was as she arched and flexed, grinding her hips down onto his.

His musings were halted as he heard "Oh... that's... ten... sir" and he brought his sore hand down to his side.

Her hands, which had remained outstretched before her during her spanking now caressed her ass, pulled the cheeks apart, stroked Harry's chest and legs.

"Shift off of my lap, Baby Girl" he said and she crawled off his lap and lay lengthwise on the bed, facing the foot.

He fell on to the bed on his elbows, his hands reaching out to encircle her reddened ass cheeks. His mouth filled with saliva as he lowered his head to the left cheek and began to lick and suck at it. Her hips began to twitch and gyrate. He covered the cheek several times, savoring the feel of her skin beneath his mouth, before moving on to the right side and beginning all over. Her ass was all that he'd imagined, soft and ripe, plump and round, smooth and silky. His mind fogged with delightful sensation as he moved to the crease of her bottom, .licking around her asshole, his hands gently kneading both saliva-soaked mounds.

Her voice brought him back to awareness as her hands slid under his and pulled her own ass cheeks apart.

"Sir, I beg you, either fuck me in my ass or prepare to punish me again. Please sir, I'll do anything you want, just please fuck me or tongue me or find something, sir, find anything and fill my ass."

Her body hunched backwards in the bed, her ass rising in the air, her hands pulling at her whipped cheeks, scrabbling at them, trying to open her bottom as far as she could. Thin trickles of fluid dripped from between her cunt lips. Harry ran his hand along her slit, gathering the lubricant and slathering it on his prick, repeating the process until he was satisfied that it was slick enough. He placed his hands on her thighs, holding her still as he put the tip of his dick to her puckered sphincter.

For just a second as he made contact he felt a tightness, but when she sensed him, she relaxed. He felt the change in tension and taking it as a final welcoming, pushed his prick inside her.

A shudder ran down the length of her body as his penetration proceeded. She raised herself on her arms.

"Oh yes sir, that's it. All the way in sir, push all the way in, please" she babbled.

She ground against him, pushing back, until his balls were partially shrouded in her pubic hair, her ass cheeks spread to near-splitting as her hole met the base of Harry's cock.

"Oh God sir, that's so good. Thank you sir, thank you Harry. Oh I love you sir, oh God I love you."

Slowly but surely Harry began to move her ass back and forth on his dick, carrying the weight of her hips with his arms as he leaned back slightly to plant himself firmly into the mattress. Through the dividing wall between her ass and her cunt, he felt her spasms as her excitement mounted. 

In and out his cock slid, the fleshy sheath of her ass sucking at as if it were her mouth he was fucking. The muscles of her ass pulsed up and down his shaft and he stared down in amazement. He was burying his dick in the ass of a beautiful woman, a woman who'd given herself to him, body and soul, to do with as he wanted. There was so much he wanted to do with her.

"Baby Girl, I own the most beautiful pet, with the most beautiful ass, that I have ever seen."

"Oh... God... thank... you... sir."

As the pace intensified, Harry saw the strain start to show in Carol's arms, so he slowed to a halt and carefully shifted into a sitting position, his back against the brass footboard. Carol leaned back towards him and her thighs began to take her up and down. Harry caressed her body as she rode him and before very long the feel of her under his hands, the steady vice-like grip of her rectal muscles and the motion of her brought him to the edge of orgasm.

He put his hands on top of her thighs and, arching his hips, slammed into her, matching her rhythm. His cock pulsed in and out of her as her muscles tried to keep it in by tightening on the outstroke and relaxed to let it all back in on the in-stroke. One of her hands flew up to stroke her left breast, the other went to her crotch and no one, least of all them, would ever be able to tell whose orgasm began first, but there was no doubt that they finished together. Harry heard a deep moaning, almost a grunting. It took him a moment to realize that the moans were his as he tried to drive his body through hers while his dick convulsed through its orgasm. The moment seemed timeless as his hips bucked uncontrollably. Soft, whimpering, breathy cries came from between her perfect lips as she shuddered and shook.

As their climaxes wound down and Harry's hands relaxed somewhat, Carol's tired thighs refused to lower her with his down stroke, so his rapidly deflating cock slipped out and then Carol fell face first to the bed.

Harry began to sit up, concern struggling through his post-orgasmic bliss, but before it could even get really started, Carol had rolled onto her side, spun around so that her head was next to Harry's leg. Her arms wrapped around it and she began to kiss it, murmuring "I'm yours; thank you; I'm all yours". Slowly she crawled up his body, kissing and murmuring, until she was curled up next to him. Her head sank to rest on his chest. She fell silent for a time and they lay together, bathed in their love and the sweat of their passion.

After awhile she spoke. "Sir?"

"Yes, Baby Girl?"

"If it's not too impertinent to ask, are you going to fuck me like that regularly or am I going to have to walk through the house breaking shit?"

"You're not going to have to walk through the house breaking shit."

He glanced over at the clock by the bed. It was 6:15 in the evening, almost exactly twenty-four hours after he'd walked into the Pearl. 

* * * * *

After a shower for the two of them which only failed to become another mad session of fucking because of their mutual need for food, Harry realized that the only clothes Carol had available were the t-shirt she kept rolled up in her bag to sleep in, and the black dress she had worn the night before.

"That puts another stop on the expedition this evening" he said.

"Excuse me sir?" she replied.

"We're taking you clothes shopping. We're going to supper, we're stopping by the drug store for whatever else you may want, we're hitting the grocery store so the house will be stocked with things you want, and I assume you know a place where we can find you appropriate slave gear and other accoutrements?"

The small naked woman launched herself at Harry, wrapping her arms around his neck, her legs around his waist and whispered in his ear "I am yours".

He kissed her and, disentangling himself, said "I know you are, that's why we have so many stops to make".

She slipped the dress on over her naked body. It clung to her like a second skin and Harry felt his cock stirring in his pants.

"You were wearing that last night and I didn't make a pass at you? I must have been very bad off." 

"Harry, last night you barely noticed I was female at all."

She put old dog collar back on her neck and began to spool the chain around her waist.

"Baby Girl, take that off, you don't have to wear that in public."

She gazed up at him, walked over, took his face in her hands and pulled him down to her. Their lips met and the kiss was an incineration that had each of them reaching to take off their clothes before Harry pulled back.

She looked at him somewhat shamefacedly. "Sorry sir, I didn't mean that to get out of hand." She looked him straight in the eyes again.

"Harry, you have great instincts as a pet owner, but there are times when you still don't get it."

"I'll take it off if you want me to, but it's not a trial or a tribulation or a shame or anything else negative for me to wear this in public. I'm proud of it. I'm proud of you, I'm proud you chose me. If I had my way, I'd never go anywhere without my collar and chain and I know that it's not socially acceptable for you to be holding the end of my leash whenever we're out but again, if I had my way you would be and if there is anywhere that I really shouldn't go wearing them, then I really don't think I need to go there in the first place." 

"In fact Harry, as far as your pet is concerned, I don't need to go anywhere that would frown at me sitting or kneeling at your feet, or cuddled on your lap or next to you, should you so desire, whenever you're seated. I don't want to go anywhere that my serving you, in any way you desire, would be looked at askance. I realize that most places we'll go would have a problem with me dropping to my knees and sucking you off, or lifting my dress and letting you take me as you would, but on the other hand, I know quite a few places where no one would bat an eye."

That definitely got the attention of Harry's cock. He reached down, shifted his growing erection to one side.

"You'll have a chance to show me those places someday," he said "but for now, let's go get something to eat before we pass out."

* * * * *

To Harry's delight Carol opted for Thai food when asked her preferences. He hadn't had Thai food since he'd gotten involved with Angie as she didn't care for it and since the separation he hadn't been much in the mood to eat anything. Two plates of excellent Peanut Chicken at the Bangkok Inn later, they sat back and smiled.

"So Baby Girl, time for you to answer some questions for me."

"As you wish, sir. Such as?"

"What do you like sexually? What aren't you comfortable with? What won't you do?"

She gazed levelly at him, spun sideways on the booth seat and crossed her legs tailor fashion, incidentally giving him a beautiful view of her uncovered cunt. 

"Harry, you ask some good questions and some very silly ones. Let me get the silly ones out of the way first."

"There is nothing I will not do. There are no limits. Granted, there are things I pray you never ask me to do, that you are never in a position to need me to do, there are many things I trust you will never ask me to do, but that doesn't mean I wouldn't do them if you told me to."

"I don't like scat play. I find nothing about shit erotic; that's why I prefer to be cleaned out prior to anal fun. As you well know, however, that won't get in the way when I need a good ass fucking."

"I don't care for any form of water sports. Again, to me, waste products are waste products and while I can deal with humiliation I much prefer pampering."

Harry reached down between her legs and began to gently stroke her pussy, running his fingers through her soft pubic hair.

She smiled. "I don't like being shared with other men. I've been passed around to friends by every owner I've ever had, save one, and I don't like it. I'm yours, Harry. I don't want any other man ever having me. But as I am yours, I do whom I'm told to do."

"Conversely, I love being shared with women. I am an enthusiastic bisexual. I lean much closer to the hetero side than the homo, but I do love women. I've never had a female owner and I'd never want to serve only a woman, but if you want to see me in heaven, Harry, let's find you a woman good enough for you, who loves you the way you should be loved and, of course I'd hope, doesn't have a problem with me; I'd be in paradise, serving the two of you. Bliss for me would be facedown in her snatch while you fucked me in the ass. Talk about a happy Baby Girl..."

Harry had begun slipping a finger in and out of her wetness, still stroking her pubic hair. Their waiter came to the table, began to ask about something and stopped, staring, dumbfounded at what was taking place in the dark corner booth. 

Harry reached into his pocket, fished out a twenty, tossed it on the table, turned to the waiter and putting a finger over his mouth, said "Shhhhhhh".

The waiter grabbed the twenty, smiled, nodded and left.

"I've lived in a multi-pet harem before and I'm not fond of it. There tends to be a lot of infighting and catty conduct and I'm just as bad about it as anyone. I want to be the most favored, just like everyone else, and I don't like who I become when I feel I have to fight for the position. But fight for it I will."

She reached down, dipped a finger into her dripping crotch and brought it to her lips. She looked at Harry with a question in her eyes. He nodded and she delicately licked the moisture off her finger. Harry's pulse rate raced as his cock hardened.

She dipped the finger back into herself and offered it to Harry. "Would you like a taste, sir?"

Harry leaned forward, took the proffered finger into his mouth and swirled his tongue around it. Her taste filled his mouth and he savored each second of its lingering. He released her finger and leaned back.

"Continue."

"I enjoy bondage up to a point and there are types of pain I adore, but many more I don't like at all; from the tenderness I see in you, I probably don't have to worry about that. As you may have figured out, I enjoy being paddled and spanked. My whole ass is an erogenous zone and there's damn little you can do to it that won't turn me on. I enjoy being a bad girl, often because bad girls get punished."

"I've never been branded and quite frankly, I hope I never am. I would willingly be tattooed at my owner's request but branding frightens me. I've been pierced multiple times in multiple ways. It does nothing for me and I've let the holes grow closed as soon as I could after the relationships ended."

Her mood softened.

"There is no fantasy I won't help you indulge and fulfill, no role I will not play, for however long it takes to make that dream come true for you. I can, and have, even played the dominant mistress of a relationship with no trouble at all as I knew it was merely a role during playtime."

She leaned forward, her tongue caressing Harry's ear.

"I'm an actress Harry," she whispered, "I'm your actress. Who do you want me to be? Nothing's out of bounds, nothing's too perverted, nothing's too silly, no judgments, no morality, just your heart's desire." 

Her hand reached down, caressing his throbbing cock through his pants. She moved to whisper in his other ear.

"Do you want, like Oedipus, to ravish your mother, shooting your seed into the womb that birthed you? Or would you have that ice queen who ignored you in high school on her knees before you, begging you to take her? Would you prefer to examine every inch of me, Doctor, as I'm sure I need to be probed thoroughly? Or shall I arrest you, take you to your cell and give you a cavity search as you lay helpless, handcuffed to the bars? Is it time for me to get my 'A' from teacher by sucking him off? Or do you want to force your teacher to the desktop to fuck her like she deserves? Are you tired of your sister walking around the house with next to nothing on, is it time to teach her a lesson? Do you want to know what it's like to pay a whore for her time and be fucked by a professional? Shall we play 'minister and the choir girl', Harry? Do you want to indulge in a little pretend-rape, safe and sound, all in good fun? Will you torture me, mein Herr, for the information about the Resistance? Hell Harry, if you want to wake up Snow White with true love's first fuck, I know where we can find some out-of-work midgets to play the dwarves."
