 Many thanks to Literotica author 'englander1961' for her help, editorial services, encouragement and a title much better than my original, which has elevated her to the status of House Goddess of Sexy Story Titles. Thanks to Sammi Scott, aka Titsy McYarn, the Cute at the Heart of the Abyss for her help and valuable critique. Thanks to Literotica author 'KY ridgerunner' for the stories that planted the idea in my head months ago. 

After you've read this, if you have any inclination at all to comment, please do so, either by email or on the comment board... The best way for me to grow and improve as an author is to hear from the people who read my work. 

I welcome constructive critiques and non-abusive comments. I will answer, in at least a semi-prompt manner, any email that comes with an email address. 

If you feel you must respond in a hateful or angry fashion, you may put your head down upon your desk and do so, quietly to yourself, for as long as you feel it necessary. This story may not be copied to other sites without my permission.

If you have not read the earlier installment(s) of this tale, it would probably help you to make sense of this one if you did so.

* * * * * 

Eddy Janak woke up in his recliner, the taste of beer and bile coating his tongue and throat like paste. On the television Jay Leno was making a joke about the President and the debacle in Iraq. Eddy wondered how many laughs Jay would get if an Iraqi suicide bomber blew him straight to hell. Eddy knew he'd laugh his ass off but he was strange that way. Be even funnier if Rumsfeld was with Leno when it happened.

He had to be at work at midnight for a special test of Digital Data Packaging, Inc.'s on-site security systems. He figured after he and the boys fucked them in the ass and left them crying like the littlest baboon, he'd have landed another contract worth a quarter mil for the big boys upstairs and they'd lay a bonus on him.

And he could go find a woman to fuck him over and take it with her when she left.

Whoopee-fucking-doo.

* * * * *

Benjamin Sapperstein walked in the front door of his home. He was finally back from Vegas and he was regretting it already. If he hadn't had a consult with a very wealthy patient at the request of her very well-connected personal physician, he'd still be hip deep in pussy. Now it was home to the wounded looks and the cold bed.

He was puzzled though. When he'd called to tell her he'd be coming home, she'd answered her phone, seemed happy to hear from him, said she'd missed him.

That wasn't like her. That wasn't like her at all.

As he made his way past her bedroom, he heard noises, noises like he'd been hearing for the past two weeks from the women he'd fucked. Sounds of passion, sounds of orgasm, sounds he hadn't heard Margo make in almost 2 years. Opening the door a crack, he saw her.

His mind cataloged the things wrong with the picture; she was wearing a corset that left her tits bare – Margo wouldn't be caught dead wearing something like that, she was watching a porno film of two women furiously tonguing each other's cunts – Margo would never watch a film like that, there was a dildo sticking out of her ass – Margo wouldn't even let him put a finger near her butt, she was straddling some sort of vibrating machine – Margo didn't even own a vibrator. There was no way that was his wife.

But as he walked into the room and circled her, bringing her face into view, he saw that it was her. It was Margo.

"H-h-honey, is that you?"

"Oh Benjamin, you're home!"

She raised herself up off the machine and he turned a little pale when he saw the size of what she'd been riding. As she turned to face him, he was struck by the change in her. She looked like the woman he'd married. She looked better than the woman he'd married. He could say that she looked like a woman he could be faithful to but he'd be joking... but it would be a lot more fun pretending he was faithful to her.

"Margo, what's come over you?"

"Oh Benjamin, I had the most marvelous time when you were gone. I was taken by a lover, well, actually, I was seduced by two lovers, a beautiful man and the most luscious little sex kitten you'd ever beg to fuck and we had ever so much fun together and he took me from in front while she took me from behind with a strap-on and I loved every wonderfully nasty perverted thing we did together."

Benjamin's cock was like iron and he wanted Margo like he hadn't wanted her in a long time. This was a side of his wife he'd never dreamed existed and the smell of her was about to drive him to his knees.

She moved like a serpent to him and caressed his face with her hands and then her arms as she clasped him to her bare breasts.

"And you know what Benjamin? Do you know what I realized?"

"That you really do love me?"

"No, not that, you silly piece of shit. I realized that I don't want to be married to you and I won't be married to you for too much longer. I realized that I hate the cosmetic surgery clinic and I've resigned already. I realized that no matter what you did or said there was no way I could ever forgive you for the hell you've put me through, so as my revenge, I decided to let you see what you'll never have."

"I'll be fully moved out in the morning. Get out of my room you disgusting little fucktard."

Benjamin staggered back. He couldn't believe what was happening. He reached out and grabbed at her shoulder.

"You can't do this to me!"

He was on his ass, the side of his face on fire, before he knew what had happened. 

"Yes I can, and yes I have. The papers are on your bedside table. Sign them."

The door to her room slamming behind him was the last he would see of Margo Wohler.

* * * * *

After a day of meetings, some for G&P, some with Carol, the architect and the contractors for their home remodeling, Harry arrived at the house that night feeling very tired. Provided the contractors could put on an extra crew, the next 8 weeks should see the master bath undergo a major expansion from 'barely adequate' to 'sybaritic hedonistic Xanadu-style luxury palace', the hot tub installed, a new twelve foot fence installed and a pool put in the back, costing them not a single tree.

When they collapsed on the floor in the living room, Harry felt his phone going off. 

"Hello? Speaking... uh huh... yes there will be... oh really? She did? Yes, yes there will be. The house number is 555-2753. Around eleven, yes. Thank you."

"Who was that, sir?"

"Someone from Ultraking. They're delivering a bed here tomorrow. Seems a certain Margo Wohler feels our bed is too small, so she bought us a new one... same firmness as the one we have, just a little larger."

"How much larger?"

"Well, our king size is six feet wide by seven feet long. The 'Extreme Ultra King' they're delivering is twelve feet wide by ten feet long."

"My God Harry, that's huge!"

"Yes it is. No rest for the weary, we need to clear a path for them tonight so they can remove the old one and get the new one in and set up."

"But Harry, you're wiped. I'll do it."

"No Baby Girl, we'll both do it. Then we'll eat, grab a shower and make an early night of it."

"Sounds good to me."

* * * * *

Harry was having a most beautiful dream. 

He was lying in bed and Carol was making love with Kelly. In the dim light of the room he could see the two of them caressing each other, Carol on top of the beautiful black girl, their skin tones of dark brown and light brown complimenting each other, Carol aggressively moving on her, taking her, making Kelly her own with no resistance from Kelly whatsoever. 

As Carol licked and sucked at Kelly's tits, Kelly arched her back, "Oh Merlin that feels so good. You really are a magician." She pushed Carol's head down towards her cunt. "But beware, the valiant Kay has enchantments of her own."

Carol began to lick and nibble between her legs, finally fastening her mouth around Kelly's clit, wrapping her arms around her thighs and the wet sucking noises filled the room and Kelly's soft moans became more rapid as she flexed her hips, humping Carol's face and her moans took form and became "fuckme, fuckme, fuckme".

Carol crawled up and Harry saw that she had her harness on, strap-on at the ready, no small shaft for virgin ass play but a realistically sized dildo, and she sank it in Kelly's pussy, into a moist sound of welcome, and Kelly's hands came up to brace her against the headboard of the bed and she pushed back as Carol fucked her hard, her every exhale a cry of "oh Merlin!" and then she was up and changing positions and was on her knees, hands on the headboard and the whole bed was shaking as she rammed herself back onto Carol's cock as Carol slammed forward and her cries were almost cries of pain but still cries of passion as she wanted more. Her beautiful breasts were hanging down, nipples painfully erect and Harry wished it weren't a dream as they looked tasty and he would go suck on them if it weren't a dream but it was. The tempo increased and the rocking of the bed and Kelly's cries came faster and then she fell to the bed and Carol was hammering her and Kelly was waving her hands and Carol slowed and stopped.

The scene changed and Carol was riding Kelly's face, braced against the wall as she ground her now harnessless pussy into Kelly's eager mouth. Kelly's hands were caressing all of Carol's generous curves and Carol was shuddering as her orgasm shook her like a rag doll in the teeth of some great and terrible beast.

Then Harry was kissing Carol and he could taste Kelly's sweetness on her face. She was curled up next to him and saying something but he wasn't listening because while she was talking to him and kissing him she was sucking his cock like she'd never sucked it before... not better, just different... and he whispered "I love you so much, Beloved, and that feels so nice" and she said "I love you too" and "Thank you, Arthur" at the same time in two different voices and Carol was putting her tit to his mouth and he was biting on it faintly, licking her silken skin and for a moment he dreamed that there were two women in bed with him and that it was Margo there but she wasn't because he couldn't feel her and Carol kept kissing the top of his head and sucking his cock and her tit tasted so good to him and he was going to come any moment and the tension was making his thighs quiver and Carol could tell because she held his head to her breast more tightly and took him all the way down her throat and back up again, lashing the bottom of the head of his cock with her tongue and that was all she wrote he was coming and he could tell she wasn't swallowing and that wasn't like Carol so he just sucked her tit all the harder and she held him all the tighter and when he finally stopped he felt her let his dick plop out of her mouth and there was a wet sound and something hit the floor with a soft fabric-like sounds and Carol was holding him on the left and crawling up next to him on the right. 

She was kissing him on the side of his head and nuzzling his ear when she kissed him on the mouth, the taste of him on her lips and inside her mouth as they kissed each other and it was strange, she tasted different but he was too happy with the dream to wonder about it much.

"Goodnight, beautiful Merlin. My liege Arthur, your servant the Lady Kay bids you rest well."

And then Carol was gone and Carol curled up next to him and the dream ended.

* * * * *

As the alarm beeped he rolled over and slapped it off. Turning back he saw Carol gazing at him sleepily, a look of satisfaction on her face.

"Morning my Precious, I had the most pleasant dream last night."

"It wasn't a dream, Harry."

"It wasn't? Kelly was here?"

She shimmied with pleasure. 

"She most certainly was. She got off work and stopped by to see if anything was happening. I thought I heard someone at the door and went to check. She was ready to crawl into bed and wake you up to Lady Kay's cunt in your face, but I convinced her that Arthur needed his sleep. She was pouting most enchantingly so we compromised and fucked on the bed. If you woke up enough to join in, fine and good, if you didn't, she'd blow you before she left. You didn't wake up, at least, not all the way."

"Sir, are you upset with me for entertaining her? For fucking her here, possibly waking you up? Are you upset with me for not waking you up to play with us?"

"Precious angel, you may entertain that delightful morsel of feminine delight any time you wish and if I hadn't been so tired I would have gleefully joined in, so no blame for doing her here. It's your bed as well... she's welcome in it if you bring her to it. No, I'm not upset about you letting me sleep. If I didn't wake up with the two of you making love over there, two feet away, I needed the rest."

"On the other hand, I missed out on a chance to make love to you and, Lady Kay was it? What is it with this girl and her Arthurian fixation? Anyway, having missed out on that, I feel the need to make up for part of it. Bathroom for both of us and I'll meet you back here."

"Won't you be late for work?"

"I'm one of the bosses, remember?"

A few minutes later they were back in bed. 

"So my sweet, other than make love to you, which is already undeniably on the schedule, is there anything I can do to please you this morning?"

"Yes," she said, the tears breaking her voice surprising Harry, "hold me, look me in the eyes, tell me you love me, that I'm yours and tell me that Margo's coming back."

With that she began to cry silently and Harry gathered her to himself and stroked her hair as he remembered his joy the night before when he briefly thought their love had returned. He wondered how with all the joys that filled his days, with all the blessings that flowed through his life, her absence could leave such a hole, such an aching. It was a rhetorical question as he knew the answer as surely as he knew of the bond he and Carol shared. She was not where she was meant to be and that was the cause of the pain.

He took her head in his hands and brought her lips to his mouth, kissed her tenderly.

"I love you and I will go on loving you while there is breath in my body. You are mine and you will be mine until the day you decide differently. No power but an act of God will prevent Margo from returning to us and surely God is not that cruel."

Carol kissed him fiercely and rolled him over, climbing atop him and lowering herself on to his cock. Although he shouldn't have been, he was surprised at how ready she was for him as he slid into her wetness. She placed her hands upon his shoulders and began to move forwards and back upon him, her muscles playing up and down the length of his shaft as she did. 

Harry thought again of miracles and of the woman before him, the first and greatest miracle of them all. Her pale cinnamon skin, warm and earthy even un-tanned, invited his hands to caress the curves and slopes of her; he cupped her breasts in his hands, her firm mounds just slightly over-filling them, as his palms glided across her nipples they tightened further, their slightly darker shade calling his eyes as his hands returned to her hips. Briefly a vision of the slender, angular Angie filled his mind and he shivered with hate, not just for the hideous soul within but for the fashionably anorexic frame without as well. He felt his erection deflate even under the seductive ministrations of her talented cunt, and he quickly focused on more pleasant prospects.

Neither she nor their beloved Margo were physically ideal but the spirits within transformed them as surely as a muddled mass of colored silicon became the glory of a stained glass window when illuminated by the sun. They both were pretty to start with and were made beautiful by the loving souls inside them. For him to gaze up at her, riding him, her face bathed in joy, was for him to believe that there must be a God as such a divine creature could not spring purely from chance and evolution, but must be inspired by a higher aesthetic.

Harry stared into her brown eyes and lost himself. He could not imagine a day without seeing her. He could not imagine a day without loving her. 

Their eyes on each other she quickened her pace, leaning forward to rub her clit against him. Her eyes widened as the sensations took her over the edge and she prostrated herself on him and clawed at his shoulders, her face flushing as she panted for breath as if in labor. Harry began to thrust his hips, rising into her and his own orgasm came shortly after, tears flowing from his eyes as he lost himself in the power of his body's release and his love for her.

As they lay, her atop him, recovering from their exertions, Harry stoked her hair and wondered if he could get away with skipping work that day... no, he had a meeting about the De Freitas account, worth a lot to the firm. 

"My beloved, I may be one of the bosses, but I've got to get there soon. Let me up so I can hit the shower."

* * * * *

When Harry showed up late at the office, freshly showered and undeniably freshly fucked, he had gone from office to office, cubicle to cubicle begging someone to pretend to be him and make his excuses to Karen.

It was an old and familiar game and Karen's heart soared to see it. He'd been back for two days and the change was perceptible in every facet of their operation, in every employee they had. 

Karen had come to terms with the nature of their relationship in the very first year they were in business. She had the smarts and the education, probably 65-70% of every campaign was hers. But he had the spark. Most of the time, there was no idea, no concept for her to work on until he'd brought it to life. She could manage an office, organize a staff, plan a project, manage it, but Harry inspired it, lifted it, fueled it and drove it. He was the front man, the idea man, the jester, the piper and the fool. 

She hadn't realized how much she missed him, how much the entire company had missed him, until he was back.

The De Freitas meeting was at 2, they should be done by 3:30. Then she was going to leave and go home, set up the condo for a romantic dinner for two, have the dinner catered, eat and then make love to Patricia, who had come back to give her a second chance. 

She wasn't going to blow it this time, no matter what.

* * * * *

Eddy rolled over in bed and saw a shape under the sheets next to him. From the taste in his mouth he knew he'd gotten drunk enough to fuck a water buffalo and he was duly thankful he didn't know where the zoo was. Still, he was frightened to pull down the sheet and look.

He did so anyway. 

Well, she was far from being the worst thing he'd ever woken up next to. Still kind of attractive in an old motorcycle mama, rode-hard-and-put-away-wet-far-too-many-times kind of way and she wasn't missing too many teeth. 

Eddy shook his head. His life sucked.

He got up, his eyes shut against even the faint glimmers of light seeping around the cheap curtains. He stumbled into the bathroom and pissed. God, he was thankful he could do that in the dark. 

Then he noticed the woman had hung her clothes up all over his bathroom, he could feel them all around him. He opened his eyes and realized he wasn't in his apartment; he was in hers and had just peed in her closet. 

He backed out of the closet and quietly gathered up his things, stopping only to put on his pants before he tried to find the front door. One too many mornings of a bunch of kids he'd never seen before and would never see again staring at his naked body had taught him 'pants first always'.

His conscience got the better of him. He was amazed he still had one. He found the bathroom, grabbed some dirty towels from the floor, mopped up what piss he could find in the dark and dumped the towels in her little washer, put in soap and started it running. He sat down at the kitchen table and wrote her a note.
