 Many thanks to Literotica author 'englander1961' for her help, editorial services, encouragement and a title much better than my original, which has elevated her to the status of House Goddess of Sexy Story Titles. Thanks to Sammi Scott, aka Titsy McYarn, the Cute at the Heart of the Abyss for her help and valuable critique. Thanks to Literotica author 'KY ridgerunner' for the stories that planted the idea in my head months ago. A belated and much overdue thanks to John Hasty for his peerless editing. Bounteous thanks to Kevin for his incredibly thorough critiquing and voluminous notes.

After you've read this, if you have any inclination at all to comment, please do so, either by email or on the comment board... The best way for me to grow and improve as an author is to hear from the people who read my work. 

I welcome constructive critiques and non-abusive comments. I will answer, in at least a semi-prompt manner, any email that comes with an email address. 

If you feel you must respond in a hateful or angry fashion, you may put your head down upon your desk and do so, quietly to yourself, for as long as you feel it necessary. This story may not be copied to other sites without my permission.

If you have not read the earlier installment(s) of this tale, it would probably help you to make sense of this one if you did so.

* * * * *

As the trio wandered out of the bedroom they saw that Karen had made it back from the grocery and was reclining in a corner in sports bra and briefs, sipping a drink while Patricia sat naked at the pipe with Eddy and Tamara. Of Kelly and Jessica there was no sign, although there might have been some suspicious thumping noises from upstairs. Karen, seeing them enter, waved them over.

"Harry, I had an idea on the way back and it took all the willpower I had not to bust in and tell you about it."

"Well Sappho, you could've come in, but I'm not sure how much attention I could have paid to anything or anyone but these two exquisite beauties," he said, hugging Margo and Carol.

"Yeah well, I figured that which is why I waited. But you're out now, so listen. The biggest problem we're having finding an Executive Director is that no one we're interviewing has ever worked anywhere like G & P."

"That's because there is nowhere else like G & P," Harry said, sitting down on a cushion near her.

Margo and Carol exchanged knowing looks. "If you two Captains of Industry will excuse us, we're going to go hit the pipe," Margo said, her hand caressing Carol's ass.

"Sure thing honey, be there in a bit," Harry responded, his mind already lost in their problems at the office.

"Uh huh, sure he will," Margo murmured to Carol as they walked off.

"So," Karen continued, "why not bring up someone who's already at G & P?"

Harry was intrigued but saw problems right away. "Well, to begin with, none of them have the training or the education."

"Well, just what training and education did you and I have in running a company like G & P? Experience, they can get on the job itself, with you and me as mentors. Education, G & P can pay for with night classes. I know it'll be a big commitment to ask someone to make, so I thought why just bring up one? Bring up three at the same time. That way we know they have the grounding in how we do business and then we structure our time and schedules so that the major shit comes down Tuesday through Thursday when we're both there, on Mondays and Fridays it's kept light and they've got the ball, with one of us on call if they need us."

Harry began to see the possibilities. "Yeah, I already know seven or eight people I think could grow into the positions. You're probably thinking of the same seven or eight. Hell, Sappho, we set this shit up right, we could effectively retire in eight to ten years."

"Yeah Harry, except you're the guiding light of the creative genius department and I'm the head detail wizard. But could we cut our time back dramatically? Oh, hell yeah."

At the pipe, Margo and Carol joined Patricia, Eddy and Tamara.

"Damn Eddy, those are some badass briefs," Carol said, eyeing the silk boxers. "I can tell that Tammy picked those out for you."

"Are you intimatin' that I ain't got no taste when it comes to clothin'?" Eddy grunted.

"No Eddy, I'm just saying that I'd expect to see you picking up black silk boxers with skulls on them, or flames, or motorcycles..."

"I wouldn't let him get the ones with skulls or flames," Tamara said, snuggled up next to him, "but there is another pair he keeps at home with the cutest-"

"Hush woman," Eddy growled. "That's one of those things we don't share with these hedonistic heathens."

"Yes sir," the tiny woman said demurely. "Sorry ladies, can't say what they are, but he is just so cute-"

"Hush!"

"Yes sir," she said, smiling, "adorable, really he is... eek... I'm hushing sir!" she squealed as Eddy effortlessly scooped her up, brought her to his mouth and began blowing raspberries on her belly and thighs.

From the stairs came a call, "To her defense, sister! The Junior Bisexual Drum & Bugle Corp charges forth to deal with the belly-frapper!" With howls like wolves scenting their prey Kelly and Jessica charged down the stairs and clambered over cushions towards Eddy and Tamara.

As if she'd been a stoner all her life Margo gracefully swept the hookah up and moved it out of the way, sensing the free-for-all that was to come.

"Lesbian Auxiliary, form ranks... charge!" bellowed Karen as she came out of the corner and, together with Patricia, howled as the two of them crawled towards Eddy.

"Oh shit," was all Eddy had time to say as he set Tamara safely to one side before the tide of femininity overwhelmed him.

"Find out where he's ticklish girls!" yelled Kelly, wrapping herself around one of Eddy's arms and running the fingers of one hand up and down his side.

Harry sat down beside his wife and pet. "I think Sappho's figured out the solution to our-"

"Hush, Harry," said Margo, putting the tip of a hose in his mouth. "I knew you and Karen would figure something out but tonight is a night to relax and have fun. Besides, there's a floor show."

Indeed there was. At the moment Kelly was on one arm, Patricia on the other, while Jessica knelt behind his head tickling his neck and Karen laid across his legs, working on getting her fingers behind his knees. Eddy was fighting back valiantly but his innate gentle nature had him handicapped before the fight even began, a fact his opponents made shameless use of. Between his ribs, his neck and the backs of his knees, he was helplessly ticklish.

"Tamara..." he gasped, "help me... please..."

"Yes sir." The tiny woman carefully looked for who she'd be least likely to hurt and climbed up on Karen's back, wrapping her legs around Karen's chest and pulling on her shoulders in a vain attempt to get her off Eddy.

Margo looked at Carol. "Should we?"

"Oh, let's."

"Grimes Brigade, form ranks, CHARGE!" Margo hollered as she and Carol entered the fray, attacking the soles of Eddy's feet.

"Harry... help..." Eddy said as he twisted and turned. 

"Sorry old buddy, I may be a hedonistic heathen, as you so eloquently put it, but I draw the line at giving aid and assistance to belly-frappers."

"Bastard," Eddy wheezed.

Eddy was in hell. If his tormentors were male he could have resolved the issue handily and if they were all women like Karen he could have at least fought back but he writhed in tortured ticklish agony beneath an assault he couldn't let himself fight as he knew he'd hurt them too easily. Kelly's warm flesh was wrapped around his left arm and his hand was unable to escape being trapped between her breasts. His right arm was held between Patricia's thighs and it was all he could do not to twitch in a way she might take as an attempt to feel her up. Anytime he opened his eyes he was staring up into Jessica's jiggling tits and evil smile. The sensation of Karen's muscular and well-defined ass, squirming against his legs was far from unpleasant. His lower legs were being weighted down by Carol and Margo, their naked crotches pressed against his shins. He could feel the warmth of their cunts and the softness of their pubic hair. 

In the end, his body handled the situation in a way his mind would not have thought of.

Suddenly Karen sat bolt upright. "EEWWW, COCK COOTIES! This Neanderthal Sasquatch throwback has a hard-on! Kelly, trade places with me."

"Uh-uh," Kelly said while the assault fell to pieces as everyone began laughing. "That big woody is in your territory, you deal with it." 

"I don't know how," Karen said, laughing. "I'm pretty damn sure Tamara'd be upset if I pulled it off and put it in the bedside drawer and I've got no idea where the off-switch is."

"Never mind ladies, I'll deal with it later," Tamara said, as she helped Eddy scoot back onto some pillows.

As the parties disentangled themselves Harry was studying his pet. A thought had occurred to him and if he was going to do anything about it, tonight was the time to set it up.

"Carol, sweetheart," Harry said, "do me a favor and go make up a big pitcher of citrus water. I know we've got lemons and oranges, add a lime or two if you think they're not to bitter, add some Splenda to sweeten it some. I'm thinking you should use those two two-gallon pitchers in the cabinet."

"Yes sir. Would anyone else like anything from the kitchen while I'm up? No? Alright, two pitchers of citrus water coming up." She padded off into the kitchen.

As she pulled the large glass pitchers out of the cabinet she heard Harry speaking in the living room in low tones.

Her pulse quickened and a cold sweat broke out on her brow. Fear gripped her and she put the second pitcher down before she dropped it. She sank down to the floor, pulling her knees tightly to her chest.

"Harry is not Rick. Harry is not Rick. Harry is not Rick."

Being sent out of the room while discussions went on behind her back at Rick's had been the precursor to unpleasant experience after unpleasant experience. As the tears leaked out of her eyes she changed her refrain.

"These people love me. These people love me. These people love me."

She knew they'd never plan anything nasty or hateful to spring on her. She knew it beyond a shadow of a doubt. There was absolutely nothing to worry about. 

But the fear inside her was irrational and all the 'knowing' in the world wasn't going to change a thing. She sat in the corner, tears streaming down her face, teetering on the edge of panic. She fought her fear with all she had but she was losing. 

In that fear she felt her whole happy world falling down around her shoulders. She was going to go out into the living room and there'd be a group of men she didn't know and the abuse would begin. Rick would make them wear condoms but otherwise there would be few if any rules and Harry and Margo and Eddy and Kelly and Jessica and Karen and Patricia would laugh at her as she became a party favor again and Tamara would just look on in sorrow and-

Tamara walked in to the kitchen. "Carol, I came in to see if I could... what's wrong, baby?" she asked as she ran to Carol and sank down to her knees to hug her.

Carol stammered out her explanation as best she could through her tears as Tamara held her and stroked her hair.

"No sweetie, I was out there. It's nothing like that. Shh, don't worry. Sure, Harry has planned something for you but it's nothing mean or nasty."

"You promise me?" Carol said between sobs.

"I promise you on my love for Edward. Nothing bad will come of the talk Harry had with us all."

"God, I feel like such an idiot. I know Harry would never hurt me."

"No, don't feel that way. After what we've been through we're entitled to feel a little schizoid from time to time. If Harry had known what buttons his doing this was going to push in you, he'd have found another way. You know that. He and Margo love you so much they could never do anything mean or hateful to you. You're going to be okay, sweetie."

Tamara held her friend until her sobbing stopped. 

"Alright, why don't you and I get those pitchers filled and then let's get out there and relax with our families?"

"That sounds good to me."

In the living room Kelly had snuggled up next to Harry and Jess had snuggled up next to Margo.

"What is this, divide and conquer?" Margo asked.

"Well, while we're staying monogamous outside of the family and most nights inside the family, on party nights we figured we'd try opening up our relationship to family members," Kelly replied.

"Yeah," Jess added, "besides, keeping Kelly and Harry away from each other might constitute cruel and unusual punishment." She looked up shyly at Margo. "And I think you're the second sexiest woman I've ever seen."

"Let me guess, Kelly being the sexiest, right?" Margo responded.

"Oh no, Salma Hayek... I think she's just OW!" Jessica was hit in the head with a pillow. "Of course, Kelly, the sexiest, yes, what ever could I have been thinking to say otherwise where my psycho lover could hear me?" She grinned.

"Heathens and hedonists," came Eddy's comment from around the hose tip. "I'm in a house with unbelievers, pagans, probably even, GASP, liberals!"

"Well I don't know you dope smoking gorilla, you procure pot for your friends. You are the proud and happy owner of a slave girl. I've talked politics with you and when I could decipher your simian hoots and grunts you sounded like a liberal yourself," Karen said from where she and Patricia were curled up.

"Oh my GOD, you people have infected me with your vile ways! Any minute now I might start feeling compassion for those less fortunate than myself! Quick, I must go kill a small animal with a large handgun and suck its entrails out its butt in a bizarre yet oddly masculine ritual of death and oral gratification! Or maybe I should just suck the barrel of my penile-substitute hand gun! Or suck a dick... suck the dick of someone holding my hand gun! Harry, stay right where you are, I'll be back in a moment with my .44 Automag!" Eddy got up and made it halfway to the door before wailing "Oh no, I didn't bring it with me. I suppose I'll just have to be a Liberal!" That said he went and sat back down to riotous laughter and thunderous applause. "Thank you, thank you, I'll be here all night, try the lovely young African-American, she's very nice... OW!" Another pillow had flown through the air, catching him in the nuts.

Carol and Tamara came through the door carrying a pitcher of water and plastic tumblers. Harry motioned Carol over. "Sweetie, I'm gonna need these people sober and preferably not hung over tomorrow around 2 in the afternoon. You know what to do."

"Yes sir."

As Carol and Tamara started everyone on a rehydration regimen Karen got up and slowly circled the room, having a few words with everyone. Patricia was blissfully stoned, half-asleep on a pile of pillows. After she'd spoken to everyone, she gently roused her love while Margo headed for the bedroom. 

Patricia toddled over and climbed into the upper chair of the 'eat-me-seat' and then lay back, happily relaxed. Margo emerged from the bedroom and started strapping her into the seat.

"Wha-," Patricia began, partially sitting up.

"It's okay, sweetie," Margo said. "Karen knew you wanted to give it a full test drive so she had me bring out the straps and such."

Patricia looked at her partner and smiled. "I love you Liz."

"Love you too, Trish," Karen replied. "Now just lay back like a good girl, I'm driving."

"Yes ma'am." And with that, Patricia lay back. 

Once all the straps and restraints were in place, Karen placed a ball-gag in Patricia's mouth and tightened it down. Patricia's eye's opened in surprise.

"Relax, I told you I was driving. Now calm down."

Patricia grunted something that sounded suspiciously like 'fat chance'. Then Karen put the blindfold on her. 

"Okay sweetie, give me a minute to get situated then hold on to your garter belt." 

Karen settled into the lower seat, adjusting it for her height and to provide back and neck support. Once she was comfortable, with tenderness few who saw her physique would have believed her capable of, she began to kiss, nibble and lick her partner's cunt.

Harry and Eddy sat back and watched, loading a bowl and firing it up.

As Patricia rapidly warmed to the gestalt of the experience: her lover's attentions, the restraints, the ball-gag, the blindfold, she seemed to strain against her imprisonment in all directions at once. Karen motioned with her hand.

Margo moved to Patricia's left side, lowered her mouth to the bound woman's breast and began sucking, running her hands over Patricia's body. A keening moan could be heard from Patricia through the gag.

With another signal from Karen, Kelly did the same on the right side. The moan got louder as Kelly's hands and mouth worked on the captive.

Karen, while continuing her oral attentions, slowly began working a lubricated plug into her lover's ass. Patricia responded with a squeak in the midst of her moans but otherwise remained lost in the sensations.

Carol emerged from the kitchen with a foot-stool and, placing it behind Patricia's head, climbed up and began to kiss and caress her head and shoulders. The moans became a sort of sobbing.

Tamara moved to Patricia's left leg and began to caress it, kissing her way up and down the length of it while Jessica moved to her right leg and did the same. The trembling of Patricia's body was constant as sharp, hooting cries made their way through the ball-gag. 

Karen, continuing to lovingly eat her partner, turned the butt-plug on. The low humming quickened the pace of Patricia's cries.

"You know, you just can't find this kind of entertainment on television," Harry commented. "I've tried and even HBO and the Playboy Channel are missing the mark."

"You're right," Eddy replied. "Hell, they don't even make porno's this good. Last porno I rented, 'Butt Bandits of Birmingham', pales in comparison."

Karen's upraised middle finger provided an eloquent reply as her shoulders shook with laughter.

"You rented 'Butt Bandits of Birmingham' too? Oh man, do you remember that scene where that one guy, what was his name, Bert? Yeah, Bert, he was slathering on that pink lotion all over that girl's ass-" 

"Yeah, was that not some o' the silliest shit you ever seen? I mean, it looked like pink cum and it was everywhere!"

Whack! Whack! 

"Got both of 'em for you Karen," Kelly said before returning to teasing Patricia.

Karen's upright thumb provided an eloquent reply as Harry and Eddy picked up the pillows they'd been hit with, wondering to themselves how Kelly had achieved such deadly accuracy.

Patricia, in the meantime, was lost in a world of her own. Her lover knew her well, knew about this fantasy, knew how Patricia would never bring herself to ask Karen for this. She knew Karen's jealousy issues and knew that this would be at the very least hitting the edges of those issues. 

And yet here Karen was, giving her this gift, borrowing their friends' mouths and hands to give her an experience she had only dreamed of. She knew she had no interest, other than the occasional flash of lust, in any of the women helping Karen... and she knew if she was smart she'd drag Karen away to their bed for the night and reassure her that she had no interest in them. But for now, Patricia Keller told herself to quit thinking so much and just enjoy the gift.

Harry and Eddy watched as six women, each beautiful, although with Karen it was an unconventional beauty, teased and stimulated a lovely seventh.

"Harry," Eddy said quietly, "did you ever imagine, back when we were kids and those hormones first started kicking in, that you'd ever see anything so beautiful in person?"
