 Many thanks to Literotica author 'englander1961' for her help, editorial services, encouragement and a title much better than my original, which has elevated her to the status of House Goddess of Sexy Story Titles. Thanks to Sammi Scott, aka Titsy McYarn, the Cute at the Heart of the Abyss for her help and valuable critique. Thanks to Literotica author 'KY ridgerunner' for the stories that planted the idea in my head months ago. A belated and much overdue thanks to John Hasty for his peerless editing. Bounteous thanks to Kevin for his incredibly thorough critiquing and voluminous notes.

After you've read this, if you have any inclination at all to comment, please do so, either by email or on the comment board... The best way for me to grow and improve as an author is to hear from the people who read my work. 

I welcome constructive critiques and non-abusive comments. I will answer, in at least a semi-prompt manner, any email that comes with an email address. 

If you feel you must respond in a hateful or angry fashion, you may put your head down upon your desk and do so, quietly to yourself, for as long as you feel it necessary. This story may not be copied to other sites without my permission.

If you have not read the earlier installment(s) of this tale, it would probably help you to make sense of this one if you did so.

             * * * * *

Disarmed and bound the prisoner was led into the Captain's Cabin.

"Y'know, me lovelies, I been thinkin' here we got this bunk, all rigged out for restrain' and makin' fast prisoners and we ain't never used it."

Mounds forced the captive to her knees and then, grasping her by her hair, drove her face into Twat's twat. "There ye go, sweetie, some pie for ye." She returned her attention to the Captain. "Well now, Sir, you'd be havin' a point there. How d'ye want to have her tied?"

"Somethin' allowin' us to get to her easy, I'm thinkin'… only question be left is face up or face down?"

In the end the crew took a vote and the brown wench was hung suspended from padded straps, blindfolded, face down a foot above the bed. Her beautiful nipples were sucked into the mouths of the Captain and Second Mate Mounds who slid themselves under her, side by side. First Mate Twat had been eying the captive's ass since they'd brought her on board and after seeing the pleasure the Captain had taken in tonguing her there, she thought it was time she gave it a try.

"Do you thieving scoundrels intend to leave me… oh… unfulfilled?" the wench cried as the crew took their pleasure of her. "What kind of foul sea scum teases… ummm… a poor woman so and leaves her nest empty?"

The Second Mate paused from her suckling on a breast. "The kind that likes hearin' ye beg, bitch. Now, if you're not gonna be doin' that, quit your whinin', we've torturin' to do."

The prisoner moaned and twitched in her straps, wondering if there was any way these vile brigands could make her captivity more frustrating? The First Mate had a serpent for a tongue, the Captain and the Second Mate were attached to her bosom like lampreys and she would have killed the rest of the crew and used their bodies to weight the Captain down if it was the only way she could get the hard tool she felt poking into her thigh in where it would do her the most good. But she'd tested her restraints and these sea-going perverts had secured her too well. If she didn't find release soon she'd be begging them.

In her frustration she lashed out once more. "In the name of God Almighty… OH… do not use me so foully! Umm hmmm… do not, in the name of Mercy… oh, oh, ohhh… leave me so in need of relief!"

"That's it!" roared the Captain, releasing his hold on her tit. "Gag the bitch before we have to take a strap to her!"

Twat pulled her tongue out of the wench's ass. "Right away, Cap'n Sir!" Before the poor woman knew it, she was firmly gagged.

And then they made it worse. Her head was pulled back and strapped into the new position. Her blindfold was removed. Shifting in the bunk the Captain reclined on his back and Mounds climbed on his stiff spar, facing the helpless captive, and began to slowly and with great pleasure ride him, their bodies sliding about on one another just a foot in front of her gagged mouth. The First Mate had resumed the tongue assault on her ass and had added new fiendishness to her evil. She had slipped a finger inside the prisoner's achingly empty, wet cunny, curling it in and towards her front, finding inside some spot that was setting her on fire as she'd rarely imagined possible. The foul bitch was taking her close to the edge of release, so close her body was trembling with the nearness of it and then backing away.

Oh, if she ever became a member of the crew, what evil and treachery she'd have to put paid to! A time of reckoning for these scoundrels, yes, that was what was called for. She'd extract an elixir of yohimbe root, put it in their food and lock them in a convent for the night at gunpoint. She'd pay small children at every port to follow them around, begging them, as their 'mother's and 'father', to come home. She'd sell them out to the French!

Or she'd come up with some plan to torture them, so diabolical and devious that Old Scratch himself would come up from the deepest Hell to ask her how she concocted it.

Meanwhile the Captain was lost in his own world, one that barely even noticed the captive that was bound and gagged before him. 

The sight of Mounds, arched backwards towards him, filled the Captain with lust. She was a beautiful, wicked and depraved woman, amply suited both in body and spirit to be a member of his crew. The squeezings of her cunt worked on his cock like the talented fingers of the three Haitian masseuses that had given him the best handjob of his life some years before in Port-au-Prince. 

For her part, Mounds was very aware of the bound woman scant inches in front of her. The Second Mate's level of excitement was not only due to the feel of her Captain beneath her and his hands caressing her all over her body, as there was little of her he couldn't reach in their present position, but the knowledge that she was on intimate display for the woman hanging before her. Mounds' fingers moved down to expose her nubbin, rubbing the area around it as she reveled in the slight widening of the prisoner's eyes as she did so. Dipping her fingers lower to gather moisture from around the Captain's shaft, sliding in and out of her, she spread it around the tiny bump and tenderly rubbed it, feeling her climax approaching like a barque under full sail.

The prisoner wanted to look away from the sight of the Captain and his Second Mate fucking right before her but she couldn't. Even when she closed her eyes the sounds of them, the smell of them, so close, drove her eyes open again. She strained against her straps and chains to no avail. And still the evil bitch behind her ran that serpent tongue into her innards and teased her on the edge of release!

She did what little she could, pressing back as much as the straps would allow onto the First Mate's probing finger, but it brought her no relief. Tears flowed down her face unnoticed as she quivered, suspended at the edge for so long that she thought she must go mad but still refusing to break and beg. 

And then her mouth betrayed her. "Please... I beg you…" she muttered behind the gag, it coming out as an unintelligible mumble.

"What's that, wench? Do you want mercy?" Twat asked from behind her. 

The prisoner's nodding of the head, though slight, was unmistakable.

She cursed her weakness as the First Mate massaged her interior and gave her what she so desperately wanted. She cried out as the wave of her climax broke over her and drug her under, her eyes rolling back in her head and her cries blending into one long wail as she lost her grip on who and where she was.

The Second Mate and the Captain were only moments behind her as they both shuddered to their climaxes within seconds of each other, Mounds falling forward to wrap her arms in the prisoner's straps to hold herself up as she ground her crotch on the Captain's cock.

              * * * * *

Jessica watched her lover and their roommates play from between slit eyelids, feigning sleep. She had enjoyed her time with Carol and Margo and liked playing pirate with them, but if it wasn't for Kelly's connection with these people, she wouldn't choose to be here. Jessica would much prefer to be in bed with Kelly upstairs alone. She'd had a lot of time to think that week while making delivery runs; a lot of time examine her feelings and try to come to terms with the reality of her and Kelly's relationship.

She and Kelly had discussed the myriad relationships in the household and Kelly had been very upfront with her. 

A part of Kelly belonged to Carol and Kelly wanted it that way. Her aggressive and dominant side enjoyed having one relationship it could relax in. Upon hearing the name "Princess" suddenly Kelly could sink into a place of no responsibility, no need to be in control, no worries other than pleasing her Mistress. Jessica could understand that. When she gave herself over to Kelly she felt the same way. All she had to do was what she was told. She wasn't going to even try and take that kind of freedom away from Kelly.

Kelly and Harry were very close, very good friends. Jessica didn't quite understand that kind of friendship, she'd never had such with a man, but she couldn't deny it existed. Kelly had made it clear without belaboring the point that her relationship with Harry was very precious to her. Jessica was afraid of what would happen should she even intimate that she was uncomfortable with it. And she was. Very. It wasn't that she didn't like Harry, she did. Harry was a sweet and wonderful man… but the depth of Kelly's feelings for him made Jessica very nervous. She couldn't help but wonder who was more important to Kelly? Was it her or Harry, Margo and Carol? She couldn't help feeling that if she hadn't come along, Kelly would be happily sharing a bed with the three of them all the time, making herself subservient to Margo and Carol just to share in the sense of family to an even greater degree.

And then there was Margo. Kelly's relationship with Margo was probably the weakest link and it was still quite strong. From Jessica's read on it, on some level Margo was a mother-figure in some bizarre incestuous way for Kelly. Well-off, well-educated, full of poise, beautiful, sensual and soon to be married to Kelly's best friend… a position that Jessica felt, in some ways, Kelly envied her for. Jessica felt that Margo was pretty much everything Kelly wanted to be when she 'grew up'. 

From what Kelly had told her, although her mother and father loved her and she loved them, Kelly had grown up missing a "us against them" feeling of unity with her parents. They were a family but they weren't a clan. They weren't a tribe. That's what Kelly was looking for, in a lot of ways. 

She had found it with these people. They were, in an odd way, her blood brothers and sisters. There were few clearly defined roles in the tribe, although Eddy was clearly a Warrior, Margo a sometimes Matriarch, Harry an occasional Patriarch, Carol the off-again-on-again Wise Woman… but the tribal feel was there for Kelly. It was real to her.

Jessica knew that it had to become real for her as well or she and Kelly weren't going to make it. She loved Kelly more than she'd ever loved anyone else in her life. She hoped she could find a way to let herself become one of them.

              * * * * *

"I'm not at all sure that sweet little piece over there be truly asleep, Cap'n," Mounds said as they gently lowered their captive to the bed, still insensate.

"Whether she be or not, leave her. We have things to deal with here. Did ye ask her if she wanted to be brought aboard as crew?"

"Aye Cap'n, we did and she declined," Twat replied. "I wouldn't be takin' it personal, she just wants nothin' to do with the life of a scallywag."

"Well then, let's see what this wench says to the proposition." He took the captive in his arms, shaking her gently until her eyes flickered open. Before he could say anything, she spoke.

"You have a choice, you villainous scrap of beach trash. Either make me a member of this crew or prepare to have me hunting this ship until I send her and your whole crew of perverse degenerates to the bottom of the briny deep."

"Welcome aboard then, Crewman Bum."

"Why 'Bum'?"

"Because ye have such a delightful one, me dark beauty… now, as a 'welcome aboard' gift, me and the mates are givin' ye this wench over here to keep for your own. Take her and go find the two of ye accommodations in the crew quarters. Me and the mates got ship's business to take care of. And good night to ye both."

With hugs and kisses all around, the new crew member took her leave, leading her prize by her hair.

After quick trips to the guest bathroom, the three shipmates fell asleep cuddled together on the massive bunk.

              * * * * *

Harry stumbled into the kitchen, the bright light pouring in through the window scarring his brain as it ripped through his optic nerves like a knife. He wasn't hung over, it was just way too early in the morning for so much illumination. Shielding his face, he was able to retreat into the corner where the coffee machine sat, the cool shadows of the corner giving him some relief.

"Have you ever thought that you and Karen might in some ways be psychically linked?" asked Patricia from her seat at the table.

Harry started and then turned around, peering back into the light. "Jesus-Christ-whuppin'-ass-in-the-temple, woman, you startled me!"

"I don't see how you missed me, Harry, been sitting right here."

"I was blind, okay, blind. Geez… I've got to remember to shut the blinds in here before I go to bed at night."

"Tell you what, Harry. You let the lady of the house know that you want it done and I bet you dollars to donuts you'll rarely come in to a bright kitchen again."

"I imagine you're right. If I offered you the blood of a virgin, or whatever else you want, could I get you to close them."

"Sure Harry… I want coffee." She got up and soon the kitchen was at a bearable level of brightness.

"That I will gladly provide… give me a few minutes. Now, what do you mean, psychically linked?"

"Well, aside from your ability to work together so well, you both seem to have this vampiric allergy to sunshine first thing in the morning."

"Oh Patricia, you are a goddamn comedienne, that's what you are."

A short time later he was sitting at the table with her as they both slurped fresh cups of coffee, she in her panties and he in his robe. 

"Harry, I noticed the house catty-cornered across the street from you is for sale. Know anything about it?"

"Yeah, it's a three-bedroom, two-and-a-half bath, nice sized lot. House is in pretty good shape. The woman who lived there, Mrs. Sattler, passed away and her children put it on the market. I've been in it a few times over the years, pretty common interior layout for this neighborhood. Why?"

"Because I'm real tired of living in yuppie-fuckin'-condo land. I think Liz is as well. We're a little weary of a box we can kinda sorta call our own. She and I were discussing it in bed last night. We like this neighborhood; we're real fond of one of our potential neighbor families already. We were just thinking it might be time to really settle in."

"Well, speaking for myself, and I feel safe in saying for the rest of the household as well, we'd love to have y'all that close. I haven't been in much of a head space to go out and get to know my neighbors since I moved back in or I've been too busy to… I think I need to remedy that real soon. It's obvious we're settling in and I've been remiss in my neighborly responsibilities."

Their conversation was disturbed as Kelly stumbled in clad in nothing but skin. "Harry, y'all are some evil bastards. Between what y'all did to me last night and what Jess did once we were back in our room, I may not be able to consider sex again for at least, oh, I don't know, another hour or two. Bastards!"

"My heart bleeds for you, sweetie. A night of good loving… damn, your life just sucks, doesn't it?" Patricia said with a smile.

"Yeah, 'bout as much as yours does… how are you this morning?"

"Radiantly wonderful and tanking up on coffee."

Kelly leaned in and kissed Patricia on the cheek before kissing Harry fully and deeply.

"You are a rare and wonderful woman, Kelly. Patricia, she used mouthwash before she came down… you are an angel, Kelly, really you are."

"Yeah, well I didn't know if your coffee was gonna be strong enough to kill my morning breath… plus Jess is up and should be down in a bit."

"Ah, so it wasn't just for us, it was for Jess… no matter, still muchly appreciated. I'll get a second pot going."

Tamara wandered in next wearing Eddy's shirt as a dress. After hugs and pecks on the cheek all around, she took Harry out on the back porch and told him of her encounter with Carol in the kitchen the evening before.

Harry slumped against the porch railing, a look of anguish in his eyes.

"Harry, no, it's okay, I talked with her, sat with her, reassured her. She'll be okay now."

"Tammy… I never, ever wanted to in anyway do even the slightest, smallest thing that reminded her of him. I think it would be like Carol finding out something she did hit an Angie button." He straightened up and calmed himself. "Thank you so much for what you did. I need to make sure she understands that from now on, if Margo or I ever do anything that hits one of those buttons, she needs to let us know immediately."

When they got back inside Jessica was on her way in wearing a t-shirt and panties. After hugs she moved a chair right next to Kelly and sat down with her cup of coffee.

Harry started a third pot and went to their bedroom. Margo was starting to stir so he went across the house to the bathroom with her and as she performed her morning toilet, he relayed what Tamara had told him.

Together they went back to the bedroom and curled up on either side of Carol, cuddling up close to her and gently stroking her arms, gently bringing her towards wakefulness. As her eyes flickered open she smiled and stretched lazily.

"Good morning my loves… what's up?"

"Baby Girl," Harry said, "Tamara told me about what you went through in the kitchen last night. Sweetie, I am so sorry. I know I had no way of knowing how that would affect you but I'm still so sorry. I never wanted you to be reminded of Rick again, ever."

"Harry, Margo, it's alright, really… Tamara and I worked through it and I'm fine."

"Yes dear, you are, but anytime something hits a bad button like that you need to let Harry or I know, immediately. You may consider that an order from both of us. There is never a reason for you to suffer a moment's distress from something like that. Now, do you need to go to that bathroom?"

"Yes ma'am, I could stand to."

"Fine, go to the bathroom and then come straight back here."

"Yes ma'am."

While Carol was in the bathroom Harry went and checked the coffee level. Seeing Eddy sitting at the table, resplendent in his black silk boxers he knew he'd be starting another pot if not two.

"Mornin' Eddy, how ya doin'?"

"Trying to come up with sufficient reasons not to kill and eat Kelly. So far the best I've come up with is that it would make Jessica sad. She would have a sad expression on her face. That would make Tamara sad and I can't have that."

"You backwards-ass redneck throwback to a time when mullets ruled the earth, any day you think you can take me out, bring it on and I will fuck you into submission. Leave you a broken man, sucking your thumb and crying for Tamara."
