 Many thanks to Literotica author 'englander1961' for her help, editorial services, encouragement and a title much better than my original, which has elevated her to the status of House Goddess of Sexy Story Titles. Thanks to Sammi Scott, aka Titsy McYarn, the Cute at the Heart of the Abyss for her help and valuable critique. Thanks to Literotica author 'KY ridgerunner' for the stories that planted the idea in my head months ago. A belated and much overdue thanks to John Hasty for his peerless editing. Bounteous thanks to Kevin for his incredibly thorough critiquing and voluminous notes.

After you've read this, if you have any inclination at all to comment, please do so, either by email or on the comment board... The best way for me to grow and improve as an author is to hear from the people who read my work. I welcome constructive critiques and non-abusive comments. I will answer, in at least a semi-prompt manner, any email that comes with an email address. If you feel you must respond in a hateful or angry fashion, you may put your head down upon your desk and do so, quietly to yourself, for as long as you feel it necessary. This story may not be copied to other sites without my permission. If you have not read the earlier installment(s) of this tale, it would probably help you to make sense of this one if you did so.

* * * * *

Even with the worries over the pain in Harry's lower back, the young women were feeling a sense of relief, an easing of the worry and fear they'd been living under since the attack. They were finally convinced that given time to heal, Harry was going to be okay. The men that had hurt him had been dealt with and no one had any doubt that Benjamin Sapperstein was living on borrowed time.

Nicki'd gone to take a nap, so Carol and Kelly had wasted no time getting naked and falling into each other's arms .

In a warm post-coital glow they had grabbed a quick shower and 'Princess' was massaging her Mistress when the phone rang.

"Princess, hand me my phone."

"Yes ma'am."

"Hello Margo, what's up? Oh, just giving the new girl a work-out... yes, she's very sweet."

"Thank you Mistress."

"Quiet, Princess... uh, okay... that's an odd thing for your psychologist to ask, isn't it?

"Alright, if he and his wife want to go it alone, they can try looking around in 'Whips & Clips' down at Industrial and 8th. It's sort of the touristy club for bondage and domination, not a whole lot of S & M, despite the name of the place. They'll definitely find some toys that are willing to play with novices, but the pets will probably be novices themselves in which case the whole experience could end up very unsatisfactorily or they'll get hustled by some unscrupulous fucktards. I really wouldn't recommend it.

"If they're willing to wait and go in with me as a guide, possibly Tamara as well, you and Kelly, Eddy... hell, if they're content to wait even longer I'd love Harry to go with us, I can take them somewhere they're much more likely to find someone they'll have a positive experience with.

"Alright my love, talk to you when you get here."

"If I may inquire, Mistress, what was that about?"

"After relaying the story of her recent past to Dr. Stallings, her psychologist, he's interested in him and his wife shopping for a pet or pets for themselves. He wanted some recommendations for places to go shopping, as it were."

There was a knock at the room door.

"Who is it?" Carol called out.

"Nicki," came the muffled reply.

"Well, if she's in for a penny she's in for a pound," Carol murmured to herself. "Princess, go open the door for her."

Nicki's eyes widened as the door to the suite opened and she was motioned inside by a naked Kelly, still damp from her shower, who appeared to be without any self-consciousness whatsoever and in absolutely no hurry to close the door.

"Come in, Nicki, I'm just giving Mistress a massage," Kelly said as she padded back to the bed, stopping to pick up the bottle of massage oil from the ice bucket where she'd had it warming in hot water.

Carol rolled her head to one side and looked up at Nicki. "Hey, thought you were going to nap?"

"Tried to," Nicki said as she curled up in the chair, hugging her knees to her chest, "but as soon as I closed my eyes, my brain started going a mile a minute. Stuff about the move, mostly."

"Damn, I hate when that happens," Carol murmured as Kelly poured a line of oil down her back. The scent of roses filled the room. Carol smiled at the memories the smell brought to her. She turned her head a bit and peered at Nicki. "Sister-in-law, relax, your body English is just screaming 'tension'. If you're going to live at the house, naked bodies are something you're going to see a whole lot of."

"I know... it's just... oh, what the fuck!" Nicki got up, went to the impromptu bar, poured herself a large Jack Daniels, downed it, and stripped off her clothes. 

Naked, she returned to her chair and forced herself to sit in a more relaxed position.

"You're right, Carol, if I'm going to be around, I need to get over my issues about this kind of thing."

In a sickeningly sweet cornpone voice, Kelly said, "Welcome to the naked side of 'family', sugah!"

As Nicki snorted out laughter, Carol turned beneath Kelly and pulled her down to her, kissing her deeply. Kelly relaxed into the kiss after only a second's hesitation, molding her body to her wife's, the two of them sliding along each other, finding the perfect fit between their two lovely forms. 

After the kiss broke, Kelly sat up. Carol looked up at her lover. "Kelly, you can't ever know how glad I am that you agreed to marry us, but I'm looking forward to spending my life trying to show you."

Nicki wouldn't have believed that the black woman's beautiful nipples could crinkle any tighter, but they did.

"Mistress, if you keep saying things like that, Miss Nicki will get more of a show than she might be ready for."

A gentle warmth and a pleasant tingle of anticipation she hadn't felt in a long time let Nicki know that perhaps she was more ready for that show than Kelly and Carol thought, but she said nothing.

"You're right, Princess, back to my massage!" 

As Carol turned over yet again beneath Kelly, Nicki relaxed into another, more natural position in the chair, half-sprawled across one arm.

"So Carol, from what Harry told me I know that you're his and Margo's pet but you're dominant around Kelly some of the time and that Kelly is submissive to you and Margo, but apparently not Harry, Margo is usually dominant but she has a minor submissive streak as well... who the fuck decides who's what and when?"

"Well, for starters, right now Kelly's need to be submissive is stronger than my need to be submissive... a lot of very strange stuff has happened to my beautiful Princess in a very short amount of time. That's left her feeling 'out-of-control', and there are two ways to handle that, by putting yourself 'in control' or letting go. She's decided to 'let go' for awhile, and that's fine with me, and with Margo, Kelly's earned that right a thousand times over. There's a remarkable sense of freedom in voluntary slavery to someone you love and who loves you in return. You have the illusion of not being responsible for anything. You don't make decisions, or at least any important ones, they're made for you by people who cherish you. You don't worry about things, as you have no control, no say-so, no opinion... you just relax into service. Oh, there are generally lines you won't cross, things you won't do, but in a good relationship you already know it's highly unlikely you'll get anywhere near those, so you can relax and be irresponsible. All you have to do is please someone, and as you love them and care about them, that's not at all difficult. When it's time for you to do something, you'll be told, or you'll have a schedule. You're taken care of, and all you have to do in return is serve.

"The freedom to be submissive is a gift you give someone out of love. If Margo walked in right now and needed to be submissive, Kelly and I would go dominant because we love her and that's what she needs. Likewise, if she was here in her usual headspace, which is sort of maternal dominant, and felt the need, we'd both go sub, or I'd relax into submissive and Kelly and Margo could both use me, whatever felt right to the participants at the time. Then there's 'Complete and Total Ice Bitch' mode, which she's played in a role-playing fantasy of mine once and made me and Harry so hot and bothered it was damn near 'Race to the Rape', although I doubt Margo would've put up any fight at all. If she showed up in that headspace, I suspect Kelly and I both would be gleefully groveling on the floor, doing whatever she told us to for just the chance to please her."

Kelly's squirming as she sat astride Carol's thigh gave Nicki and Carol a pretty clear idea of her reaction to that possibility. 

"What happens if someone wants to be dominant and no one wants to be submissive?" Nicki asked, getting up to make herself another, weaker, drink.

"That's one of the advantages of having a serious submissive as one of the members of the relationship," Carol said as Kelly began to oil the cheeks of her ass. "It truly is an effort for me to play 'dominant'... although at the moment... mmm... it's certainly a happy place to be."

"Looks like," Nicki said admiringly.

Carol raised herself up on her elbows. "Want a massage? I'm sure Princess wouldn't mind, would you dear?"

"No Mistress, not at all," Kelly replied, moistening her lips.

If Nicki Grimes had had quite a bit more to drink, she'd have been able to claim later that she didn't really know what she was doing. But she did know, and she didn't want to avoid responsibility for anything that might, or might not, happen due to her actions.

"Sure," she said, moving to the bed and lying face down next to Carol.

"It'll take a few moments for me to heat the oil up again, please forgive the delay," Kelly said, heading towards the sink to run more hot water into the ice bucket.

"Not a problem," Nicki replied. 

"So, to continue our conversation," Carol said, turning her head to face her, "I foresee a much more likely problem where everyone is in a submissive mood and no one's feeling particularly dominant... and in that circumstance, it'll be my duty, as the true submissive in the group, to serve the desires of my master and mistresses and play the dominant, whether I feel like it or not."

"Wouldn't that be a problem for you, if you weren't in that headspace at all?" asked Nicki.

"No, like I told Harry, I'm an actress... it's part of the job description, so to speak. Remember, my purpose is to serve so I'd put on a very convincing performance and although my emotional needs might have to take a temporary back seat to the rest of the household's, my physical needs would be met most thoroughly... I'd be in the perfect position to insure it."

"Makes sense when you look at it that way," Nicki said, chewing on her bottom lip. "So right now, Kelly is sort of hiding, or taking a vacation from responsibility."

"Yes ma'am," Kelly replied, coming back in from the bathroom. "And I'm loving every minute of it. My life was feeling like I was trying to steer a rollercoaster... and that's blatantly impossible. Right now, I feel like I've, for the moment, just accepted that, thrown up my hands and shrieked 'wheeeee'!

"Of course, I also enjoy a lot of the punishment parts, so I guess it's a good thing I'm such a bad girl," she added, grinning mischievously. Out of sight of Nicki, she cocked an eyebrow at Carol, then ran her eyes up and down Nicki's naked body, licking her lips. Carol barely raised both eyebrows in return, as if to say 'play it by ear'. The beautiful woman poured a line of warm oil down the length of Nicki's back.

Nicki was startled by the oil, and by Kelly's hands spreading it over her skin, stroking down onto the sides of her breasts as if they'd done this a thousand times before, but she forced herself to relax. 

Carol resumed talking to her to help the process. "It's kind of funny, Nicki. That's the same massage oil I used on your brother, first night, or rather morning, that I was with him."

"He told me a little about that first encounter, but I don't recall anything about a massage."

"It wasn't exactly a massage. He was pretty hung-over, in spite of my ministrations... it wasn't like I could see evidence of intra-cranial bleeding, but loud noises were definitely a bad idea and he was moving real slow. I was giving him sort of a sponge-bath, direly needed with as much alcohol as he was sweating out and we were talking. When I got around to washing his cock, well, it produced a reaction-"

"I imagine it would," Nicki said, with just a hint in her voice that Carol washing her crotch might produce a similar state of excitement.

"-and I felt obligated to banish what I had summoned. So I used that oil as lubricant to give him a hand job."

"No, no he definitely didn't mention that, I'd have remembered if he had," Nicki said. 

Something in her voice had Carol's brain twitching... she couldn't tell if the excitement she felt in Nicki's voice and reaction was due to the fantasy of Carol pleasuring Nicki, or something else but something definitely had the woman excited. Carol's eyes shifted to Kelly but she was innocently working the oil into Nicki's mid-back. She caught Kelly's eye and mouthed 'go for it'. Kelly nodded. 

"If you'll excuse me, Nicki dear, I need to go make a phone call or two, but I'll leave you in Princess' capable hands... and other body parts as well. And then you'll be in both of ours... at least until Margo gets back. Then I'm afraid you'll be at the mercy of the three of us."

The smile that flickered across Nicki's face left no doubt that she was okay with that fate.

After Carol had gotten up and grabbed her phone, she turned just before leaving the room. Nicki's eyes were locked onto her, at ass level.

When she was insured privacy, she called Tatiana.

"Tattie? Yeah, looks like the three of us, probably the four of us, once Margo gets back, might be busy for a little while. Feel like playing hostess?

"You are a life saver, Tattie. Love you, talk to you later."

She dialed Margo's number, expecting it to kick over to voicemail. She was right.

"Margo, when you finish with Dr. Stallings... well, things are getting interesting between Nicki, Kelly and I. You know how you always tell everybody to trust my instincts, well, they're telling me this is a good thing. Her interest seems to pretty much spike on all three of us so come on in when you get back."

She returned to the bedroom to find Kelly straddling Nicki's back, facing her feet. Kelly's feet were tucked under Nicki's armpits to either side of her face. Nicki was holding them tightly against her as Kelly ran her oily hands forwards and back over Nicki's ass and legs, slowing down to pay special attention to running her thumbs thoroughly down and between Nicki's ass cheeks. Carol could see the slow and rhythmic twitching of Kelly's cunt on Nicki's back. As she got closer she saw that Nicki was kissing and sucking on the instep of Kelly's foot.

"I walk out of the room for a few moments and look what I come back to... my wife seducing my sister-in-law."

"Oh, like you didn't see that happening before you left," said Nicki, pausing in her oral assault on Kelly's foot.

Something in her voice and the cadence of her speech brought both Kelly and Carol up short. Kelly turned and looked at Carol.

"Damn, she sounds like Harry."

"Yeah, no doubt whose sister she is," Carol responded.

"If she wasn't so sexy, I'd find it a little creepy," Kelly said before returning to her massage of Nicki's butt.

Carol opened the window a crack, and then sat down in front of Nicki, her legs casually open, exposing herself fully to her sister-in-law while she loaded the small pipe they'd brought from the house.

Lighting the pipe and drawing a deep lungful of smoke, she waited and exhaled, then drew in another mouthful and squatted in front of Nicki, bringing their lips together. Nicki's mouth opened without hesitation and Carol passed the smoke to her, along with a thrusting tongue and a firm kiss. 

Nicki managed to keep the smoke down, fighting back the urge to cough as Carol nuzzled her ear and whispered, "I'll be right back, I have to go take care of our serving girl".

"Open wide, wench," she said as she prepared to draw in another mouthful of smoke. 

Kelly looked at her bride-to-be and said "I love you, Mistress" as she opened her mouth just in time for Carol to press their lips together, sharing the mouthful of smoke.

"I love you too, Princess," Carol replied after they'd released their breaths. "And just as I can't wait to marry Harry and Margo, I can't wait to marry you."

Kelly crawled forward, almost as if against her will, and forced Carol down across the head of the bed, laying her body over Carol's as she wrapped one hand behind Carol's head and firmly planted the other in Carol's crotch. Nicki disentangled herself and rolled over to watch as Kelly, like an unstoppable force, kissed and fondled her Mistress as Carol struggled to get free. Carol's hand was holding out the pipe, motioning towards Nicki, so she leaned in and took it, allowing Carol to use both hands to fend off her amorous slave. Finally Carol managed to get a hand into the hair at the back of Kelly's head and pull her away. 

"Bad girl, very bad girl, Princess!"

"Mistress, when you say things like what you said about marrying me, it's very hard for me to control myself."

"So I noticed... so Nicki noticed... well Nicki, how do you think we should punish this wench?"

"Uh... I really don't... um..."

"Don't worry, sweetie, if you make a suggestion that's not appropriate, Princess and I will artfully steer around it, you're not really being put on the spot."

"Okay... is a spanking appropriate?"

"That girl just wants to get her hands on my ass," Kelly said, grinning. "You don't have to wait for a reason," she continued, shifting herself closer to Nicki, "you can touch me there anytime you want to."

"PRINCESS!"

"Yes Mistress," Kelly said, sliding into a curled up position, her hair still held in Carol's fist.

"That's quite enough of that. Yes Nicki, I think a spanking is very appropriate, as are a few other punishments as well, but I'm going to need your help. We're working without a lot of the equipment we have at the house, so I'll need you to restrain her." 

And so it was that Kelly ended up lying down on top of Nicki, facing in the opposite direction. Nicki's torso poked up between Kelly's legs and she'd wrapped her arms around the victim-du-jour's legs, locking her hands together to make sure Kelly's legs couldn't easily get free. Kelly's arms were bound together underneath Nicki's legs with silk scarves.

"Exactly why is it again you need my help restraining her?" Nicki asked, smiling lasciviously.

Carol laughed, "Other than the sheer erotic kick of using one person to restrain another? No real reason, although I get the feeling you're not objecting too strenuously?"

Nicki could feel Kelly writhing atop her, breasts pressed against Nicki's legs, each heaving breath of Kelly's causing her beautiful ass to move and the shifts in her position bringing the aroma of Kelly's arousal drifting up to her nose. 

"Not objecting at all, Carol. Now, shall we proceed to punish this willful girl?"

"In a moment," she said and went to kneel down face to face with Kelly. "You remember your safe word?" Kelly nodded. "Alright then, don't be afraid to use it. This is a game, it should be fun for everyone. If it's not fun for you, then we have a problem that we need to fix, okay?" 
