 She was 5'5 and had the perfect body with measurements of 36-28-35. She had the perfect perky C cup breasts to die for. She was down to earth and had a heart as light and bright as her pale blonde hair. Her eyes were between a sea green and an ocean blue. Every female envied her and ever male wanted her.

That didn't matter to John though. Elissiah was his. They had been together for as long as he could remember and he wanted her since before then. You see Elissiah was the new girl next door, and John was just a geek. Both were 7 years old when they first met. They became friends immediately. As they got older and started dating they remained friends and gave each other advice and were there for each other during all the break ups. At 16 started dating and were still together when their prom came around. John was so in love with Elissiah that he bought her a pink corsage and a box of chocolates for their prom. It was something he had done since their first date. A small box of chocolates and a flower of some sort.

Now all these years later, he intended to do the best thing ever for Elissiah for Valentine's Day. He had no idea what it would be as he always topped himself. The best yet was last year. He got her a dozen red roses and a dozen yellow roses, for best friends and the deepest love. He got her a 2 pound box of chocolate and a bottle of wine. He took her to dinner and made the slowest sweetest love to her that night.

This year he had bigger plans. He was going to surprise her with a huge puppy shaped balloon, 2 dozen red roses, half a dozen yellow roses, and rose pedals sprinkled on the bed. He was going to light candles and place them all around the room. He made a mix of the sweetest songs, her favorite ones. 

When she came home from work he swept her into his arms and gave her a quick kiss on the lips. He took her to the bathroom where he had a bath run with scented oils in it and candles all around. He put her down and slowly undressed her and placed her in the tub. He bathed her and washed her hair. He smiled as she moaned with delight. He loved spoiling her in every way possible.

When he was done he wrapped her in a towel and carried her to their bedroom. He laid her down on the bed and started massaging her from her neck to the bottoms of her feet. Once he was done he handed her a pink and black silk robe to put on, and he walked out of the room. He came back with a tray of roses, strawberries, and then she noticed; the tray was actually the biggest box of chocolates she had ever laid eyes on.

He sat next to her and fed her strawberries dipped in chocolate and kissed her nose with every bite she took. He took a beautiful rose and trailed it along her jaw, over her lips, down her neck, and to her breasts. He kissed her everywhere the rose touched. He stood up and removed the chocolate dip and the roses, leaving the single rose, strawberries, and box of chocolate. He went to the closet and pulled out a chest. She looked at him quizzically but never said anything, only smiled.

He opened the chocolate and gave her a bite, as she bit into it there was something in her mouth; she pulled it out and was confused as she watched him smile. There was a piece of paper in her chocolate that had a message. She read the message and it said, "Another". He fed her another, this time the paper read, "Robe off" so she removed her robe; he also undressed at this point. She offered him a chocolate and his paper read, "Kiss" and he leaned over and kissed her. With a smile she let him know she was excited, he decided to give her another and it read, "Scarf". She was looking at him with a raised eyebrow and he pulled a scarf out of the chest. He tied her hands to the head board. He pulled out another chocolate and it read, "Right breast". He placed a chocolate on her nipple and told her not to move. He walked out of the room and came back with a bucket and a towel. She was giddy with anticipation. 

He gave her another chocolate and it said, "Ankles high". She had no idea what that meant. She soon came to understand as he brought out some soft rope and began tying her ankles to the same post her hands were tied to. This spread her legs to an almost uncomfortable position. He told her to choose a chocolate and she chose the one in the bottom right corner of the box. That one said "left breast". He placed a chocolate on her breast and had her choose one last chocolate. Her choice was the very middle of the box. The last chocolate said, "Strawberry". He pulled out a strawberry and she opened her mouth, awaiting the fruit she watched him trail the fruit down her neck, across her stomach, down to her pelvis, and felt it being pushed into her freshly shaven pussy.

Her eyes got wide and he just winked. He removed the remainder of the chocolates and removed one last chocolate letting her know that this was his pick. The chocolate read, "begin". He picked up the bucket and pulled out a piece of ice. He started at her forehead and rubbed it down her nose to her lips. He rubbed it over them until her mouth opened, and she stuck out her tongue. He rubbed it down her chin onto her neck and continued the path to her belly button. He left the ice there and kissed back up the trail the ice had made. He then removed the chocolate from the right breast and the paper inside it said, "Remove strawberry". He winked at her and grabbed the other chocolate, knowing it would fall once he removed the strawberry from within her. The last piece of chocolate read," candles".

He slid down her body and slid his tongue all around her labia making her squirm and moan. He licked across her slit and barely flicked her clit. He placed his mouth over her slit and sucked to remove the berry. He ran his tongue around her clit and back over her slit tasting her juices mixed with the strawberry juice running out of her. He placed his mouth over her opening one last time and sucked the strawberry out. He slid back up her body and shared the pussy juice covered strawberry with her. He then removed another piece of ice and grabbed what was left of the one in her belly button and slid them both over her nipples and down her tummy across her pussy lips.

When he heard her moan he slid first one then the other into her hot pussy. He held them there with his finger while he returned his mouth to her clit and licked her into an orgasm. Once she came her finger fucked her pussy feeling the ice melting. He slid his tongue over her clit and replaced his finger with his tongue. He tongue fucked her and lapped up all her juices from her asshole to her pussy. He slid a finger into her ass and another into her drenched pussy making her moan louder than before. 

They had never experimented with anal, but he was planning on it tonight. He placed another finger into her tight, wet, slit. He kept finger fucking her ass and pussy as hard as he could. He grabbed another ice cube and pushed it ever so gently into her ass. He licked her clit while finger fucking her towards another orgasm. Just before she came he stopped and grabbed another item from the chest. He placed it on her asshole and turned it on. It was a golden egg that vibrated unmercifully. She had never felt anything like it before. He shoved 2 fingers back into her pussy and began slowly licking her clit again, making sure not to let her come but to bring her close to an orgasm. 

Right when she was ready to peak he shoved the egg inside her ass and turned the vibrations all the way up. She was unaware of the slight pain she felt due to the orgasm building within her. He shoved another finger in her pussy and finger fucked her almost violently. She thrashed as much as her restraints would allow and screamed with pleasure. Still he did not let her reach her highest peak. He reached over to the night stand and grabbed a glass of wine that had been sitting there all night and slowly poured it over her clit as he lapped it up. He made her come once more. He then placed his cock in her mouth and poured wine over his shaft for her to suck and lick off. She finally had enough and just sucked his cock down her throat .She sucked his fat cock like there was no tomorrow. He kept shoving it deeper down her throat gagging her. He would pinch and twist her nipples every time she gagged. He couldn't hold back any longer, so he blew his load down her throat, making her swallow every drop.

He grabbed a dildo from the chest and went back to work on her pussy. The dildo was at least an inch longer and 2 inches wider than his cock. He played with her opening until he was able to slide it into her pussy making her gasp. He licked her clit and all around the dildo in her pussy driving her crazy. He was getting hard again and decided it was time to remove the golden egg. Once removed he placed it on her clit and pushed his cock into her tight ass while she was in the middle of the strongest orgasm she had ever had. He pounded her with his fat cock and the fat dildo and leaned over to bite her nipples, and kiss her mouth. She tasted of strawberries and he tasted of pussy. He came in her ass and slowly pulled his cock out. He placed the egg back inside her ass, and began untying her. He left the room once more and brought back a real box of chocolates, a dozen roses, and the biggest puppy shaped balloon he could find. He kissed her on breasts, her neck, and her lips and simply said, "Happy Valentine's Day".

He knew next year he had to top this one, and he was already working on the perfect plan.