 It was dark when she left her room. Time of day was irrelevant here. If the sun wasn't up, towering lights cast an unnaturally white glow over the area and work continued. She sighed and her breathe appeared before her; It was going to be a cold day. Eve considered going back to get her jacket, but the cafeteria building wasn't that far. She felt her nipples harden and brush up against her shirt - as if she needed another reminder that it was cold. She wondered if they showed through the thick material.

As she entered the eating area she was greeted with a wave of warm air. She relaxed her petite body which had tensed up from the cold. She got into line to get some breakfast. It wasn't fine dining, but the food here wasn't bad considering their remote location. Besides, she didn't have to cook it. 

Pancakes piled high, she looked around for a place to sit. Ordinarily, she sat with the other support staff, but most of them had been sent home due to the cut backs from the economic slump. Now it was only her and a nurse, who worked while she slept and vice versa. She felt like she was in middle school again as she stretched her neck to look for an empty table.

"Hey! Eve!"

She turned towards the voice. She found herself looking at a tall man with dark hair, half standing and waving one of his arms. She didn't recognize him. Everybody here looked vaguely familiar since she collected specimens from all of them, but he didn't ring any special bells. He was particularly handsome, as far as she could tell from beneath his heavy stubble, but she was pretty sure they'd never interacted before.

"You can sit here," he continued as he sat back down, motioning towards a small spot between him and another man.

Not wanting to be rude, Eve took a seat. Despite her frame, the spot he had made for her was inadequate; she found herself making contact with both her neighbours. She looked around the table and there really wasn't much room for anybody to give her. A few of the men were looking at her breasts with tired eyes. So tired they didn't even bother to avert their eyes after she cleared her throat to make it known they'd been caught. At least it answered her question about whether or not her nipples were visible through her top.

Before she became too uncomfortable, the man who had invited her introduced himself as Nick. He was chatty and reasonably charming, especially considering he was on the final few days of his rotation up here. She quickly forgot how packed the arrangement was, as well as the fact that she didn't know why he knew her name.

"Anyway, I'd better get going back to site. Say, do you ever get any time off while you are up here?" he asked. It was a fair enough question, the work schedule of workers up here were incredibly varied. 

"I'm actually going to be off for two weeks after today, but my flight home doesn't leave until Sunday," she replied.

"Some of the guys and I are going down into town tonight, if you wanted to come. We even convinced one of the transport guys to give us a lift there and back."

Eve didn't reply right away. It was too early to get asked out. Was he asking her out? Even if he was just being friendly, she should probably decline. The guys out here partied too hard. She'd heard stories of guys blowing thousands on a night in town. They made so much money up here, but most didn't have the sense to save a penny. 

She didn't think that much time had elapsed since he asked, but he continued, "Well I'll let you think on it. If you want to, we'll be meeting in outside of B block at nine." She parted her lips to speak, but before she could form words to indicate one way or the other, he had flashed her a smile and walked away.

Eve didn't have many wardrobe options. One didn't bring fancy clothes to work in the oil sands. She foraged through her suitcase hoping for a miracle. I'm sure they didn't expect too much from her, but Eve had always enjoyed attracting male attention and she didn't want to look or feel like one of the guys when she was in town.

She heard the sound a plastic bag rustling. A miracle! She had forgotten about the dress she had bought while waiting at the airport. She quickly pulled off her dowdy work clothes and zipped up the dress. The deep red dress was tight, but she was pleased to find she could move freely. She tried to get a look at herself in the tiny bathroom mirror. I looked good from the front, plunging deeply between her perky tits. She stood on her tip-toes and turned to check out how it looked from the back and, more importantly, how her ass looked in it.

Damn. Panty lines. She returned to the bedroom and searched her suitcase. She couldn't find a clean thong and there was no time to do laundry. Pretending to herself that she was reluctant, she rolled down her panties. A thin wisp of her juices briefly clung from her pussy to the wet spot on the fabric as it pulled away from her body. Eve took her index finger and ran it just inside her lips from her hole to her clit. She was sopping. She should probably masturbate before she left to keep her libido from getting her into trouble. She looked at the clock. It was already 8:30 PM. She reached for her make up bag and continued to get ready.She could barely make out the band from amongst the raucous roar of the other bar patrons. Nick leaned in and said something to her. She couldn't make that out either. She didn't really care. She enjoyed the feeling of his hot breathe against the side of her face. He hadn't bothered to shave, but he had definitely cleaned up. He was no longer in overalls and he smelled amazing. She smiled broadly and nodded, pretending to hear what he said.

The trip over had been pleasant. She had been a bit worried about having to make conversation with a group of people she barely knew for the hour long ride but her fears had proven unfounded. They were a cast of characters, but altogether delightful company. She also enjoyed the fact that they were drinking in the back of what was clearly once a school bus.

She had already had a few drinks since they got here. Her cheeks were beginning to feel warm, and she could feel her inhibitions quickly melting away. Noticing that she was drinking nothing but ice, she stood up to get another drink from the bar. 

As she leaned against the crowded bar, she couldn't seem to catch the bartender's eye. People were crowding in and flashing their money trying to get service. Eve felt something hard against her ass. She tried to move forward a bit to make room, but there was nowhere to go except over the bar. She tried pushing back a little to prompt the person to move back. She realized too late that the hard thing she had felt was a cock, and she could feel it growing against her. Simultaneously disgusted and turned on, Eve was relieved and disappointed when the bartender finally took her drink order. Drink obtained, she turned to see who was pressing against her. An older man with a cowboy hat met her eye. She could tell he was once handsome, but she had better prospects tonight. She turned down her eyes and made her way back to the table. She felt a bit of wetness rub between her thighs as she walked, reminding her that she was not wearing any underwear. Reminding her that she was turned on by making that stranger's cock harden. Reminding her that she was a slut.

She arrived back at the table finding that her seat had been taken by one of the boys' prey. She looked around for a chair. Her scan was interrupted by hands grabbing her hips. Without any sign of effort, Nick picked her up and rested her on his lap. 

"Don't worry, I saved you a seat!" Everybody laughed. She put her drink down on the table and looked down in between her breasts to find half her drink dripping between her tits. No napkins in sight, Eve used her hands to try to salvage some of the drink. She thought she had gotten most of it, when she noticed she had some on her thighs too. She sighed in exasperation and began to wipe at them as well. 

Nick couldn't resist joining in the commotion that was happening on his lap. He placed his big hand over hers and slowly worked up her thigh. When he reached the hem of her skirt she expected hesitation, but she found none. He continued up, and rotated his hand towards the inside. Eve held her breath.

He cocked his head forward so it aligned with her ear. His voice was different than earlier, calmer and deeper, "This feels wet but not like a cold drink. Why is that?" 

Eve still hadn't taken a breath. She needed to evaluate the situation. She had just met this guy. She should probably put a stop to this, but she really didn't want to. She wanted this - badly. She spread her legs slightly. "Because I'm a slut," she whispered. She spread her legs more, hoping he would work his way up to her clit.

She nearly whimpered with disappointment when he retracted his hand from between her legs and slapped her on the side of her ass to indicate she should stand up.

"Well, we had better go get it! Finish your drink quickly, they won't let you take it outside," Nick announced loudly as he got up. "Don't forget your jacket, Eve."

Eve put on her parka. Nick somehow led her to the exit, despite being behind her. Outside the doors, Eve went to zip up her jacket. He stepped in front of her and grabbed her wrists to stop her.

"No, slut. The opposite," he reached his hands into the neckline of her dress and pulled outwards revealing her beautiful tits. He hooked the fabric on either side so her tits were still on display when he let go. He admired them for a moment, then grabbed her by the shoulders and turned her forward towards the bus. 

As they walked, they passed by a group of smokers. Eve noticed one man looked up and met her eye. He grinned and focused on her tits which were jiggling ever so slightly with each step she took. She knew she should be embarrassed, but she found herself smiling.

Nick didn't say anything during the short walk to the bus. When they got there, Nick pried the doors open and told her to get on. She hesitated. She thought the transport guy was going to be sitting at the front. She didn't want anybody she might have to work with to see her like this.

Noticing her hesitation, Nick pushed her up against the side of the bus and pulled up her dress and parka in one swift motion. She didn't think her nipples could get any harder after the walk over, but pressed up against the cold metal they were rock solid. She felt two fingers slide directly into her cunt. She instinctively pressed herself back onto them, trying to force them deeper into her. He quickly pulled them out. Eve whimpered. 

He reached around her head and ran his soaked fingers over her lips, applying her own juices like a gloss. "Are you trying to tell me you are too modest to get on the bus?" He paused, but she didn't feel like he wanted an answer. He continued, "Because your tight, sopping wet cunt is telling me otherwise and I've barely gotten started." He backed off of her. "And," he continued "Don't think I didn't notice that you aren't wearing panties."

Eve clenched her pussy muscles as he mentioned her cunt. She couldn't argue with him, so instead she just pulled down her dress and climbed up the steps into the bus. It was a bit warmer in here, sheltered from the wind. She could barely see a thing though. She tripped over somebody's jacket. She walked halfway down the length of the bus and stopped. She didn't know what she was doing, or what he wanted her to do. She turned around and looked at Nick for direction, tits still out.

Nick bit his lower lip as he walked slowly towards her. He wasn't wearing his coat anymore from what she could tell, her eyes slowly adjusting to the darkness.

"Kneel."

Without question Eve fell to the floor, tiny pieces of gravel digging into her knees. She made sure her mouth was wet, expecting it to be filled with cock at any moment.

She was confused when he hadn't unbuckled his pants by the time he got to her. She timidly reached her hand towards his belt buckle to take them off herself.

"No. Kneel on the seat with your ass towards me."

It took her a moment to realize what he had said. She did as she was told and waited. She couldn't hear anything happening inside the bus. No movement, no fabric rustling. She tried to look outside while what seemed like an eternity passed, but the window was fogged over.

Crack! 

Red hot pain flashed across her right ass cheek. She cried out, her breath forming a crystallized area on the window. She didn't move.

Crack!

Again in the same spot. She winced, but this time she didn't cry out. The pain radiated from where he had slapped her. She was determined not to ask him to stop. 

Silence. She listened for signs of what he was going to do next, but couldn't hear anything over her own heavy breathing. Once again she waited. Her tits hanging out, her ass presented to a man she barely knew.

Then she felt it. His hot breath against her cunt. She tensed in anticipation.

He cruelly waited several minutes before using his strong hands to pull apart her ass cheeks and dip into her with his tongue. Eve crumbled. She was putty in his hands. He slid his tongue deep into her hole and lapped up her juices. His thirst satisfied, he traced his tongue around her inner lips, carefully avoiding her clit. Unable to resist, she tried to raise her hips to manoeuver her clit to where his tongue was. Wise to her game, Nick held her hips still. Eve whined. She couldn't think of anything she wanted more than for him to lick her clit.

To her further disappointment, she felt him let go of her. He slapped her ass gently, almost affectionately, "Turn."

Eve obeyed. Her ass was now against the window. Her pussy juices felt cold against her inner thigh. Much to her pleasure, Eve found her face inches from a thick cock. She didn't need any instructions, she licked a drop off precum off of the tip. She loved the taste of cum. Her appetite for cock now whet, she slid her lips over the tip and down the shaft. The tip against the back of her throat, she stopped. His cock grew even thicker inside her throat. Nick grabbed her head and pulled her even further into his cock. Eve gagged. Her eyes watered and saliva dripped down her chin as she tried to breathe. He let go and she pulled back. 

She turned her eyes up to look up at him. He smiled and stroked her hair gently. Careful to resist using her frigid fingers, Eve continued to her work. She gently took each of his balls into her mouth, one at a time. She then traced her way back up the base of his cock with her tongue, all the way back to the tip, before once again engulfing his throbbing member. She heard him moan as he hit the back of her throat again.

Grabbing her hair, he pulled her off of his cock. Sitting up on her knees, Eve wiped her chin and a little bit under her eyes. She was sure she looked like quite the whore now. Her mascara running down her face, her hair tousled, tits out and dress riding up over her ass. Oddly, thinking of herself looking his way turned her on even more.

Nick sat down on the seat across the aisle, stroking his cock. It was probably the most perfect cock she had seen in her life. She wanted it inside of her. 

"Ride, my pretty little whore." 

As she straddled him she admired what a fine specimen he was. His shoulders were broad and she could feel his muscles underneath her fingers as she used him to steady herself. She wrapped her small hand around his member and lined him up with her dripping gash. Her initial desire was to sit down and impale herself on him immediately, but her better judgement stopped her. She knew he was so big that she would hurt herself. She lowered herself slowly. She felt his grip on her tighten as she passed the tip, but he didn't force her down faster. As she let him deeper and deeper inside of her, she could feel herself stretching around him. She let out a low moan as she bottomed out. She could feel him deep inside her belly. He leaned down and kissed her with an open mouth.

Lips still locked, Eve began rolling her hips slowly. She loved the feeling of him slipping in and out of her. She hoped that he felt every inch of her tight pussy the way she felt his cock. When she slowed, she was literally able to feel it throbbing inside of her. Nick let out what Eve could only describe as a low growl and used his hands to lock her in place midway down his shaft. Then he started pounding her with abandon. She broke their kiss. Eve was moving too violently to maintain it. Her ass was bouncing, her tits shaking around like crazy. The angle he was fucking her at now was somehow rubbing up against her clit. Eve was going to cum if he kept this up. Not wanting to cum before he was satisfied, she tried to slow things down. This only made him grab her by the throat, which in turn only turned her on more. She noticed he was starting to get louder and that he was driving into her harder and faster than she thought possible. She hadn't been quiet since he had begun fucking her, but now she let out a full on scream as her pussy muscles contracted around him. Her whole body tensed, and finally he stopped moving too, his cock completely buried inside her cunt. 

They sat there for a few moments, breathing heavily, their sweat beginning to turn cold on their bodies. As she raised herself off of him, they both shuddered a little from the heightened sensitivity. She clenched her pussy as tight as she could so that his cum wouldn't drip out, but still some leaked down her leg. She used her finger to wipe it up and brought it to her mouth.

Eve froze as she heard voices walking towards the bus. She looked at Nick, her eyes wide and helpless. He smiled kindly and brushed a strand of hair out of her face. In a gentle voice, like he had used when they first met, he said, "Let's get you cleaned up, Beautiful."