 Sadomasochist pyromaniac with a rage disorder, delusions of grandeur, and homicidal tendencies. Felice was legally insane when she didn't take her medication, which she usually just substituted a joint for. So of course I wanted her so bad I could taste it. When she was younger Felice was about 5'4, with ear length black hair, black eyes, a flattened nose that always made her look like a cat, barely any breasts to speak of, and an ass that got me slapped just for trying to sneak a grope when I first met her when I was 16. 

6 years later I was standing in front of Gate 36, trying to stay awake as her plane finally landed at 2:32 in the damn morning, an hour and a half late. I watched her plane come down and land, and start rolling towards the airport. I though about how amazingly paranoid a crazy person can get, especially when they've been smoking pot nearly every day for the past 10 years. Three gang members tried to rape Felice when she was 17, and it just happened on that night she hadn't taken her pills in over a month and was carrying a very large gun in her oversized cargo-pants pocket. The police found the bodies, bullet riddled, chopped up, and burnt to a juicy pile of smoldering flesh the next morning. By that time though, Felice was already halfway to Virginia to live with one of my cousins til she was satisfied the cops weren't looking for her.

It took her six years to accept the cops were glad three gang members wanted for rape, murder, drug dealing, armed robbery, and grand theft auto were dead. I didn't mind waiting, it's not like I remained celibate the whole she was gone. I didn't bother watching the faces coming through the gate, I just knew to look for a girl dressed entirely in black. I didn't look for long. Felice was there, in a tight black nylon shirt stretched over her now B-cup tits and what I knew was a 6-pack under them. Her pants were same pair of 45-in leg cargo pants she was wearing the last time I saw her in person. Same eyes, same nose, and her hair was shoulder length with a red strip down one side of her face and all around the ends. She was a good bit taller now, which suited me fine, it always aggravated me as a teenager that I nearly had to pick up the girls I went out with for a kiss.

"Felice?" I asked her. She looked up at me with those spooky ass black eyes, "Jeremy. Nice to see you finally got a haircut." she smiled. I nodded and scratched the back of my head, now free of the hair that once hung down my back "Let's get outta here, go see some old friends." She agreed but said she had to use the bathroom first. A few seconds after she went in, a woman came out and Felice stuck her head out of the door "Hey, come in here for a minute, I gotta show you something." she whispered at me. I looked around a for any sign of security that might notice a 6'4 guy dressed in black and blood red trying to sneak into the women's restroom, and then followed Felice inside.

The women's bathroom looked a lot like the men's, only no urinals and it smelled better. "So what is it I'm supposed to see?" I asked. Felice locked the door and walked over to me. She reached up and pulled my head down and kissed me, snaking her tongue between my lips and into my mouth. I was already excited about seeing her, and the kiss didn't help the erection straining under my pants. I traced down her sides with my hands and grabbed her ass, one check in each hand, and returned the kiss with my own tongue. She moaned into the kiss as I dropped my hands a little further, and picked her up by the underside of her asschecks, and her legs wrapped around my waist.

I walked backwards as best I could, now standing up straight and still locking lips and tongues with Felice, into a toilet stall. She stood up off of me, and began taking her belt loose. I got the picture and I got my pants to my ankles just as she did. "I'm not taking off my boots, we'll havta do this backwards." she told me.

"Backwards is fine baby, as long as it's you." I told her and motioned for her to come closer. She turned around and shimmied her cute ass backwards, then started to lower her body onto my lap. I held my dick in one hand and guided her hips with the other, aiming to slide all the way into her pussy as she sat on me.

Just as the head of my cock grazed her sweet lips, she twitched and moved away. "Unh-unh, Jeremy, Remember what I told you on the phone, you can't fuck me til you get me home." then she put her ass cheeks against my chest and lowered her body down, holding her legs open so that my cock went in front of her pussy, rubbing against her mound and going between her thighs. When she was situated, Felice began rocking back and forth, making her pussy stroke back and forth at the base of my dick, and causing a feeling a lot like a titfuck between her thighs. She leaned back and craned her neck to kiss me. "Just like old times, right baby?" she asked me.

I moved hand around her body and pulled her shirt up, squeezing her pert little right tit, and teasing her nipple. "Almost" I told her and moved my other hand down her back and slipped two of my fingers into her sopping pussy. She gasped quietly and started to buck her hips faster, making her legs clinch tighter and massage my dick harder. "Now it's like old times." I told her and shoved a third finger between her already stretched lips. 

Felice moaned and crossed her ankles, making her thigh's vice grip on my shaft even tighter and started to bounce on my fingers. She leaned forward a little, and let a long stream of saliva drip onto my dickhead. It wasn't long after that she whispered to me she was going to cum. Felice shuddered first, then moaned and I felt the juices rush out onto my hand and lap. I gently bit on the back her neck and the juices flooded out faster. 

My cock twitched as her smell reached me, and then it burst and cum splashed all over her stomach and dripped down to her hips and between her legs. Felice leaned against me, her finger gently trailed a pattern in the puddle of cum on her body. "God, I remember why I love you so much now." She told me just before I pulled my fingers from her cunt, electing another moan from her.

We dressed quickly, not bothering to clean each others juices off, except Felice licked my fingers clean before I had a chance too. "You'll find out with it tastes like later."

All the way home from the airport, it was hard to drive with Felice sitting next to me. I didn't have trouble concentrating on the directions, or stopping at red lights and such, it was the fact I kept slipping into my own imagination, and dreaming of what Felice was going to do to me when I got her back to my place. The hard on didn't help. Felice was watching out the passenger window, constantly reminding me how much things had changed while she'd been gone. I wasn't listening to her for the most part, just picking up the very few statements that mattered. "I could help you with that, if you want." She said to me just as I was starting off into fantasy land again.

I did a double take on her to notice she was fondling herself though her nearly skin tight shirt, and staring at the bulge in my pants. I thought about it, getting head from a certified crazy bitch can be fun but "I'm already having enough trouble driving just thinking about being inside you." I told her. "We'd die before we got home if you tried."

Felice pouted for second, then shrugged. "Suit yourself." she said and unzipped her pants, sliding her tiny hand between the separated teeth. I tried to watch the road, but Felice masturbating was a much better show. She wiggled around in her seat as her slim fingers probed her snatch, and mewed softly as she teased her clit. I pushed the peddle nearly to the floor and the car inched toward 80mph. Felice opened her eyes just as she began to fuck herself with her fingers. "Faster" she moaned over the wind outside the windows. I dared a glance at her hand moving back and forth over her cunt before pushing the peddle all the way down. Felice moaned louder the closer my car got to top speed, until she was screaming her own pleasures and I was praying I wouldn't pass a cop doing 115 with a masturbating girl smelling of marijuana sitting next to me. 

I let my foot off the gas as I came to the last mile before our exit. I apologized just as I heard her remove her hand from her pussy. I smelled her sex she put her fingers up to my face. I eagerly sucked them clean, relishing her delicious juices as I pulled onto the main road from the interstate. She cooed in my ear and started kissing the side of my face, her fingers still in my mouth, still tasting like her pussy. 

I was disappointed when she took her fingers away from me. She ran her hand down my body, resting it on my lap, stroking my dick through my pants. "How much farther till we get home, baby?" she whispered to me.

I smiled and turned my head a little. "You forgot where I live after only six short years?" I asked her. She reared back a bit, and looked at me funny. "Yeah I still live in the same house, out by the lake." She screwed her lips up a bit, and I quickly added. "Mom moved out, and I bought the house from her." She smiled then and nuzzled up close to me, making it even more difficult to drive as she silently stroked me through my pants. I could barely walk to my front door when I got home.

I felt like I was about to burst in my pants as we half drug each other to the bedroom, taking our shoes of as we went. "I've missed you so much, baby." I told her when I sat on the edge of the bed with my hands on her hips, and Felice standing in front of me.

She smiled and pushed my jacket off my shoulders. "Don't get all mushy now, we still have things to do." she told me as she pushed my jacket further, forcing my hands off her hips. I got the hint, and quickly took my jacket off, throwing it over the side of the bed. Then I did the same to my shirt before starting to undress Felice, who was nearly giggling. "Anxious?" she joked as she lifted her arms up for me to remove her shirt.

"After six years?" I answered as her braless b-cups gently bounced free as her shirt was lifted away. I leaned forward and gently licked one of her rock hard nipples. "Anxious doesn't even come close." I mumbled before taking her left nipple between my lips.

She moaned and ran her hands through my hair just before reaching to her own belt. I pushed her pants down as she got them unbuckled, rubbing my hands over her smooth ass and outer thighs as I lowered her oversized pants to the floor. I let her nipple loose from my lips and starting kissing down her body, stopping at her tiny belly button to stick my tongue into it. "That's nice, but the hole you're looking for is a little lower sweetie." Felice giggled and moved her hands back to my head, running her slim fingers through my hair.

I tilted my head to look up at her and winked before continuing my mouth's journey of her delicious body. I reached her shaved cunt with my lips, and I poked my tongue at the top of her gash. Felice moaned lowly and opened her legs for me, stepping out of her pants crumpled up on the floor. I held her by her ass and drove my tongue directly into her wet slit. I slurped her delicious juices while searching out her clit. Felice's body shuddered as I wrapped my lips around her nub and she pressed her pussy harder against my face. I let go of her ass with one hand to bring my fingers to her lips, but she nearly fell to floor with no support.

After realizing what I was trying to do, Felice told me to get on the bed. I quickly jumped back and laid down, watching Felice walk to where my head was laying. She leaned over to kiss me, snaking her tongue into my mouth and tasting her own sex before she crawled over the sheets. I held her tanned legs as she swung one over my face, then laid down across my body. I pulled her pussy down to my mouth and spread her slit with my fingers just before attacking her engorged clit with my tongue.

Felice shuddered, moaned and started grinding her dripping cunt into my face. I felt her working at my pants. It wasn't long before I felt her hand wrap around my cock. I encouraged whatever she wanted to do by shoving two of my fingers inside her pussy and sucking her clit between my lips, making her cunt drip even more. She moaned again, and I echoed her as she popped my cock into her mouth.

She swirled her tongue around the head while she jacked her fist hard up and down my dick. I groaned into her cunt and Felice sucked more of my cock into her mouth, tracing the veins with her tongue as it neared the back of her mouth. I pushed a third finger into her, and twisted as she moaned around a mouth-full of dick. I sucked eagerly at her juices, licking her clit as I tickled her asshole with my other hand.

Felice let out an extremely muffled cry and began to buck backwards at my hands and mouth as my dick slid past her mouth and into her hot throat. I could feel her throat squeezing my head, and her drool running from her mouth and down what little of my shaft she wasn't swallowing. Her bucking got more intense and she started spurting thick juices from her cunt. What little I didn't swallow I smeared onto her tight brown backdoor. I toyed with her pucker a few more seconds before Felice pulled her mouth off my cock. "Quit teasing me, and put something in there!" she demanded.

I was quick to comply, pushing my middle finger inside her ass up to the second knuckle. Felice groaned at the sensation, and fell back to her previous position of sucking my dick down her throat. I gently thrust upward in time at her mouth as I pushed another finger into her ass and began pumping them earnestly. I felt my balls tighten up just as her pussy started to ooze on my tongue again. "I'm gonna cum baby." I announced.

Felice quickly climbed off my face, grunting my as my fingers got twisted out of her ass. She turned around and lowered back down, almost straddling my waist. "I've waited a long time for this." she said and grabbed my cock, guiding it to her hairless slit. As soon as my head was between her lips, Felice dropped her full weight on me, causing my dick to bottom out in her with one stroke. She leaned down to kiss me, and in the middle of the second stroke I emptied myself inside her.

"Oh God." I moaned, trying to catch my breath as I held her to me, sweaty and sticky from her cunt being ground into my face. Felice was breathing equally hard, and just as sweat drenched. 

She pulled my head down to hers and kissed me passionately. "There better be more where that came from." She joked. I immediately rolled us both over and shoved my cock hard inside her. Felice squealed happily and grabbed her stomach inches above her cunt lips. She smiled up at me as I held my still hard dick in her. "That's what I'm talking about, baby!" She said and moved one of her hands down to her pussy, wrapping her thumb and finger around the base of my cock. I grabbed her by her waist and pulled out of her, leaving a mix of our juices on her fingers. Felice smiled as she brought her hand up to her mouth, then began sucking her thumb and forefinger clean.

She moaned around her thumb as I pushed back into her. When I bottomed out in her cunt, Felice wrapped her legs around me and pulled me closer to her. I leaned down to kiss her, holding myself up so not to crush her. As her tongue snaked into my mouth, I felt her legs loosen and I pulled away. I plunged back in and Felice grunted into the kiss. "More." she moaned as she broke our kiss momentarily. I started pumping her snatch hard as I could. In and out, and behind our constant moans, I could hear the wet sounds of her juices around my cock.

Before long, Felice was grunting and pushing her hips at me each time I pushed into her. "Oh. Oh My God! Unh Uuungh! Don't Stop!" she started screaming. My balls twitched and I slammed into her just before my cock erupted, spewing my cum into her belly. I kept pumping into her until she stopped pushing back and my cock started to go soft.

I rolled off of her and lay on my back. Felice quickly followed and draped her upper body across my chest. She kissed my neck and I groaned "No more tonight baby, okay?"

She giggled. "Tonight?" she reached up and turned my head towards the window, where the sun was shining through the blinds. I laughed a little and yawned. "Go to sleep sweetie." I heard Felice tell me as I dozed off.