  This story was not written as a continuation of the Daydream series but as a stand alone story. It was my Valentine's Day gift to Mityam. We both agreed that we wanted to share it with you. Please enjoy this as much as we did. "Copperbutterfly"

*

With only hours left until Tim's plane lands, I rush to finish my preparations. Our first Valentine's Day together and I intend to make it memorable.

With the menu for dinner planned and wardrobe needs satisfied, I have only one stop left. As I pull into the lot at the naughty bookstore, I smile, thinking of the delights I have planned. Wandering through the aisles I come upon the objects of my search. Strap-ons! So many to choose from, but I quickly spot the perfect selection. The dildo for him is long and on the slim side, and mine is very thick and fits into my pussy. Both vibrate, and the battery packs tuck into the black leather straps that go around my waist. Perfection...and I head for the check out grabbing batteries on the way.

With dinner preparations underway, I take a few minutes to prepare the bedroom for this evening's fantasy. Our new toy slips into the nightstand; candles are placed in every space available; scented oil warms in the ceramic holder; the bed covered in satin; champagne chilling in a bucket of ice on the floor. My new lace bra and matching lace boxers, 'Vixen Red', (what a name!) are laid out on the bed.

After a wonderfully hot shower, I add just a touch of make up, and brush my copper red hair to a gleaming glory. My simple black dress hides the wanton red lace, I slip into my black stockings and heels and I am ready. As I put the finishing touches on the dinner table, the door bell rings. Opening the door I watch your face light up and break into a huge smile. I reach out, grab your hand and pull you to me. Our lips meet in a greeting that only hints at the passions yet to come. 

"It's so good to see you, love." my voice throaty with emotion. "I've missed you!" 

"You are so beautiful, Rita" your voice low and soft in my ear. From behind your back, you pull out a dozen long stemmed red roses, exquisite in their beauty, the heady scent overwhelming. "Beautiful flowers for a magnificent woman" you whisper.

"Oh, Tim, they are absolutely the most beautiful roses I've ever received." I lead you into the living room with its' soft music and low lights. I take your jacket, tuck your tie into the pocket and lay it across the back of the couch. You kick off your shoes and follow me to the kitchen, as always, to help finish up for dinner. Through dinner we talk of every day things. My work, your work; people that make us crazy; exciting new developments, and just thoughts we've had since last we were together. As we finish with our food, you start to clear the table. I reach out to touch your arm, stilling your movement. "Leave it, Tim. I'll take care of it later. We have more important things that need our attention right now!" Leaning forward and pulling you to me, our lips caress and wander. Looking into your eyes, I see a reflection of the want and need I feel in my body. I am always amazed at how much desire we have; how much passion we generate, every time we come together. 

With your arm circling my waist, I lead you to the bedroom. I pause as I open the door. Our eyes are met by hundreds of candle flickers; we inhale the soothing vanilla scent. I feel you shudder and press myself closer. "This is for you, baby! Happy Valentine's Day" I whisper, as I reach up to kiss and nuzzle your ear. As you turn and take me into your arms, I feel your warm breath caressing along my neck. Your lips lingering only moments at the nape before ascending to my ear, licking and kissing it; moving again across my cheeks you place your lips over mine. Your soft kiss deepens, becoming insistent, hungry. Our lips never parting, we slowly move deeper into the room, hands roaming over the others body. Kissing and caressing, touching and stroking, intent in our explorations, I back you to the edge of the bed. Finally breaking our kiss, both gasping for air and laughing, one gentle little push and you land on the bed.

Standing at the foot of the bed, I can't help but smile as my eyes wander over you laid back so casual, so comfortable. I pull off your socks, rubbing the soles and then massaging over the balls of your feet. My actions are rewarded with a soft moan. I spend minutes on your toes and then up and rubbing your ankles. My soft hands slip under your pants legs to caress tight calves. I extend my hand to you and pull you up to sit, while I unbutton and unzip your dress slacks. You smile as you lift your butt and I tug them down and off. "Tim, lets get that shirt off too while I hang these up", I say as I turn to the closet. I hear eager movements and smile as the shirt comes flying across the room to land on the floor at my feet. "Hmmm, how I love a man who is eager," I think, hanging the shirt. Closing the door and turning to find my magnificent man, sitting at the foot of the bed his feet flat on the floor, leaning back on his elbows his manhood excited and peeking out the waistband of his silk boxers and a huge grin on his face. "My eager and ready love, pour us some champagne and I'll be right back". I slip into the bathroom for a quick mirror check and to grab a bottle of massage oil. 

Returning to the bedroom, I find you laid back on the satin sheets, your hand slipping over the exposed tip of your cock. Your finger tips roaming restlessly over and around it, soothing and caressing it. Your eyes half closed and a slight smile curves your lips. Standing at your feet, smiling at your contentment, I reach behind and slowly slide down the zipper of my dress. The soft sound widens your eyes and I see your cock twitch in anticipation. You watch as my dress slips off my shoulders and down slightly to reveal a very red bit of lace. Your mouth forms an "O" as I let the dress slip again to just below my waist. Peeking out is more red lace. I can feel, as well as hear, the low growl escape your throat as the dress slips all the way off; to pool on the carpet at my feet. Stepping out and kicking the dress to the side, I open the bottle of oil.

"Stay on your back for me, sweetheart." I say as I pour massage oil into the palm of my hand; I kneel at your feet and start at the ball of your foot. Soothing and caressing, I move over your foot and each of your toes. At your ankles I wrap both hands around you and rotate them rubbing the entire ankle and foot. I lay it gently on the bed and repeat the loving attentions to your other foot and ankle. Back to the first leg, I gather you in one hand, lifting your leg under your calf to massage and rub. Slowly up the front of the calf to the knee then over and under, to the back and down the firm muscle. As I repeat the journey, your moans become sighs and I feel you begin to relax. The process begins on the other leg and I feel you wiggle deeper into the soft mattress. As you watch, I place one knee at the foot of the bed. Taking your legs in both hands I push them open and place my other knee between your legs. Crawling up so slightly, I sit back on my heels and begin my attentions to your wonderful thighs. "You have such great legs, Tim. So firm and solid." I smile and watch you blush. "I can't believe you still blush every time I tell you that!" Smoothing my hands up your thighs, then out and over both hips. Sliding them down your sides and back over to the front, I let them slip up to your waist. Hooking my fingertips in the waistband of your silk boxers, you lift your hips and I tug them down, sliding them to your knees then down to your ankles and off. I toss them to the floor to land on my dress.

Pouring more oil into my hands, I let them slide up your chest then down and along your arms. Up again and over shoulders and neck they slip and slide, soothing and smoothing to the back of your head. As I move around to the center of your chest, I watch as your eyelids begin to flutter. "Oh no you don't, mister. No way, am I letting you go to sleep!" I laugh and lean in to kiss you awake. As I brush my lips across yours, you reach up and run your hands across my back, sending shivers down my spine. I feel you slip a finger and thumb to my bra clasp, work it open, and then your hands slip under the straps and push them off my shoulders. Your warm hands slide down my sides to the lace edge of my panties and I feel you tug at them. I smile as I let you slip them over my hips and ass. Slipping off you, I stand and remove the panties and drop my bra to the growing pile of clothes on the floor.

Taking a break from your massage, I pour us each another glass of champagne. "To a wonderful night, full of pleasure and passion" we toast. "Tim, I want you to turn over onto your stomach now." I say as I turn to the nightstand. Looking back over my shoulder, I watch as you roll and settle into the smooth satin sheets; you lay with your head turned to the side and I hear a contented sigh. Quickly I slip out our new toy, step into the harness, adjusting it to fit snug and inserting the battery packs. Slipping the thick end into me, I can't help the intake of breath as I feel the walls of my pussy begin to grip the thick 'cock'. I reach down and begin to pull on 'my erect cock' turning back to the bed. Climbing up, I carefully kneel over you and begin to drizzle warm oil onto your back. Running my hands along you, pressing and slicking you, I can feel you begin to breathe heavier. There is only one thing that you love more than a good massage. My oil slicked hands caress your cheeks. As I knead them, my fingertip slips into the crack of your ass and it slides up; searching for that sensitive little hole, finding and running over it. Pressing so gently I slip my finger in just to the knuckle and I'm rewarded with a groan. My other hand smoothes along your lower back. Slowing I begin to run my finger in and out of your puckered hole. Slipping all the way out and rimming around it, slipping back in and going all the way to rest my palm on your ass. You begin to move. Shifting your hips and pushing back onto my hand as I slip in a second finger, stretching you. 

"Tim, I have a surprise for you my love. I want you to roll over on your back, baby". I shift my knees wider so you can roll over between them. As you turn I watch for the expression on your face. "Open your legs, so I can kneel between them" I say, as you see what I have between my legs. I watch as your eyes go wide and all I hear is "OHHHHHH". Smiling at the look on your face, I lean down and kiss your lips. Pressing my lips deep, needing your response. Your mouth opens as you try to devour mine. I know from the sounds coming from deep in your throat that sleep is the farthest thing from your mind. Glancing down, your cock is rigid and standing at attention. 

Sitting back on my heels, I push your legs up, bending at the knees. I reach down and slip 2 fingers into your ass; sliding in as deep as they will go. Looking into your eyes, I grasp my "cock" and stroke it as I would your cock. Slicking it, lubing it. Pulling my fingers out, I lift one leg up and run the cock between your balls, under you and press it to your ass. Rubbing over it; then pressing; circling again; pressing, I slip in and you groan, "agggggghhh'. Your breathing becomes more and more rapid. I slip in a little deeper, slide out and hold just a moment and then in again deeper still. "Oh god, that feels so good, baby," you whisper.

"Yes" is my throaty answer as my body responds to the cock in my pussy filling me with each slip into your ass. As I increase the depth of my thrusts, I reach down and flip the vibrators on. "OH MY GOD," you cry out as you feel the cock in your ass start to vibrate. Your hips begin to gyrate and shift, bucking in response to the incredible sensations rippling up your ass. My hips undulate with matching sensations increasing the movement of the cock plunging in and out of you.

"I wanted this position, Tim, because I wanted to watch as you come. I want you to watch me as I cum." Watching your eyes roll up; your hand strokes your rock hard cock, matching the rhythm to my thrusts.

As I push into your tight ass, you tug on your cock and the cock in me pushes deeper and deeper. My hand finds my clit and I begin a furious rhythm. "Oh, god, baby I'm so close," you cry out.

Gasping for air, I can only plunge deeper and faster into you. Fucking your ass, my own pussy, panting I cry out, "Tim, I'm going to cum, baby. Cum with me...NOW."

"Yessssssssssssssssss" you scream out, "Yessssssssssss, Rita, nowwwwwww" and your cock jerks and explodes hot, creamy white cum in a smooth arc to land on your chest and stomach. Seeing you spurt takes me over the edge. As you shoot hot cum in spurt after spurt, coming hard and long, my orgasm rips through me. Wave after wave of sensation flows up and out flooding my body with pleasure.

Slowing my frantic pace in your ass, I manage to hold still; so tight in you. As I let the cock slip out of your ass, I collapse on your chest. I feel your hands pull me tight, holding me close. Our breathing ragged, we lay together, our skin flushed with the heat of our passion. "You are the most amazing woman I know," you say to me.

My only answer: "Tim, will you be my Valentine?"

*

Thank you from my heart, Mityam, for the inspiration you so eagerly provide!