 I was sitting with my friend Mary in the front room of my council house in Bradford, when I heard a knock on the door. I looked at the clock on the wall. It was 9.40 p.m. and I wondered who on earth it could be at that time of night. We were just sitting there sharing the remains of a bottle of wine and discussing what video to watch. I had put my 2 young children to bed some time earlier and they were fast asleep. Apprehensively, I opened the door and saw Sharon the young girl from next door standing there flanked by 2 other girls.

"Were having a party next door," said Sharon "and we're a bit short of girls. There's like six lads and just the three of us. We wondered if you'd like to come."

I invited them in, but with 6 boys waiting for them next door, I could see that they were anxious to get back. "I've been let down by 3 of my mates from work," she confessed. "But, I know you like a party, Yvonne, so I thought of you. And you're friend is invited too, of course."

Sharon must have been quite desperate to think of us, I thought. I'm 27 and Mary was 26. These girls were 18, but only just. 

And the boys, how old were they? 

I looked at Mary and she shrugged. We were a bit bored and broke and it was a Saturday night, after all. "Alright," I finally said, "maybe we can pop in for a while." The children were asleep and I could always check on them every half hour from next door.

"Where are your parents, then?" I asked Sharon

"Oh, they've gone away for the weekend," she replied.

"Anyway...thanks for coming" she said, obviously relieved that her party had been saved. "It's just that the lads were threatening to disappear down the pub unless we rustled up some more females."

"Give us 15 minutes to get ready and we'll be there" I told her as they all left to get back next door.

Well, what does one wear to go to a teenage party? We hadn't long to decide.

Mary looked at our dirty old sweaters and worn out jeans. What the hell were we going to wear?

In the end, we just wore colourful tops and miniskirts, rather like what Sharon and her mates were wearing. Well, we didn't want to look out of place and we hadn't time to mess around too much.

I must say we looked rather good as we checked ourselves in the full length mirror. We both had decent figures and the mini skirts displayed our long shapely legs in black stay up stockings and high heels. Mary had short dark hair with blonde highlights, while mine was shoulder length and sort of auburn going onto red. Although, we had always been rivals when out trying to pull a bloke, I thought Mary was quite pretty and sexy and apparently she had the same opinion about me. 

As we prepared to leave the house, Mary turned to me and said. "I haven't been to a party like this since..."

"Don't even go there" I said. "And for God's sake don't ever tell anyone about this. I know we are desperate, but for goodness sake." Then we both collapsed with a fit of the giggles.

It was a miracle that we were ringing next door's bell less than twenty minutes after we received the invitation. We had quickly dressed and put on our make up. Wonders would never cease. But the thought of half a dozen young males next door had spurred us on.

Anyway, on our arrival, it seemed that we weren't a minute too soon to prevent a mass walk out by the boys. They checked us out and quickly changed their minds. We had saved the day.

We walked into the kitchen and were offered a drink. There seemed plenty of booze and it brought a smile to Mary's face. She could get sloshed for free. There were several bottles of wine and spirits and plenty of beer for the boys. 

"Be careful with the drink," I warned Mary, but, I could see that she had already poured herself a generous gin and tonic and was downing it as I spoke. 

"Watch it yourself," she retorted, "two drinks and you're anybody's."

We had already had a bit to drink earlier what with our bottle of wine and the last of the sherry.

Even so, I greedily fixed myself a one just as big as hers. It was alright drinking someone else's booze.

There was music and dancing in the lounge where the furniture had been pushed back to make a space, so we made our way there from the kitchen, glasses in hand. Sharon made the introductions and everyone seemed relaxed with the addition of two "older" women in their midst.

We were getting some lustful glances from the young males as they sipped their beer in small groups. They were all young, not much older than 19 or 20 I would say and two of them looked even younger than that. "My God, what are we doing here?" I thought, but well, we were here, so might as well try and enjoy ourselves.

Well, after a good half hour of music, dancing and a lot of drinking, everyone seemed in a good mood and the party was swinging along.

Then the lights were dimmed and there was a bit of kissing and cuddling going on in the dark corners.

I looked around for Mary and was shocked to see her being led up the stairs by one of the bigger youths. She gave me one of those "what's a girl to do?" looks as she allowed him to pull her up the stairs. Well she was a big girl now so I wasn't going to make a fuss. If she wanted to have sex with one of these kids it was up to her. Instead, I decided to nip back to my house and check up on my kids. As I put the key in the lock, I was suddenly aware that I wasn't alone. I looked round and saw one of the boys from the party. "I thought I'd come with you," he said, lamely. He was sort of cute, so I let him. As I turned the key in the latch, I told him. "I'm going upstairs to check on my kids. You stay down here."

As I neared the top of the stairs, I turned around to see him looking up my short skirt from below. 

"I hope you've had a good look," I said, sarcastically. 

"You've got great legs," he blurted out, red faced with embarrassment.

I couldn't help smiling to myself as I checked my girls in their bedroom. It wasn't every day a girl got a complement like that. (Mind you I worked hard at diets and keep fit to keep myself looking good.)

When I walked back into the lounge, he was waiting for me. Suddenly, he leapt at me, pushed me onto the sofa and gave me a big kiss. "Wow" I said, steady on. "What's got into you?" He kissed me again, more controlled, but still with a lot of passion. It was nice, so I let him do it again. "What's your name?" I asked him.

"Michael" he told me. "But, everyone calls me Mike."

"I'm Yvonne," I responded, "pleased to meet you, but shouldn't we be getting back to your friends?"

"I'd rather stay here with you," he confessed, his blue eyes pleading with me, as he kissed me again.

"How old are you, exactly?" I asked him when he came up for breath.

"I'm 18," he said.

"Well I'm a lot older than you" I told him, "I'm 25." (Well, near enough)

"You're wonderful," he whispered, "that's all I need to know."

He was saying all the right things and he was ever so cute, so we stayed there for another 20 minutes while I let him kiss me. My short skirt had ridden up rather high and he wasn't slow to try and get his hand away. "Sorry," he said looking into my eyes to see what reaction there would be. "That's all right, I'm used to it," I heard myself say. Straight away I realised what a foolish thing I'd said, even though it was the truth. (After all I'd been married and divorced, had two or three boyfriends and many one nightstands) Immediately, he pushed his hand up onto the bare thigh above my stocking tops and tried to get inside my panties.

"I think we'll stop right there, Michael, we have a party next door, remember?"

"Can I call and see you, one night?" He asked.

"Course, you can love, just don't expect too much of me that's all. As I say, I'm a lot older than you"

"Have you got a boyfriend?" He wanted to know.

"No, not at the moment, why are you applying for the job?" I said, teasing him now.

"Yes, I would like that, very much," he said, quite serious.

We went back next door and it seemed rather quiet. There was a fair bit of kissing and cuddling going on. But, where was Mary?

I went upstairs and glanced in the bedrooms. Outside of one room, I heard the unmistakeable sounds of a couple having sex. I pushed open the door slightly and peeped in. It was Mary, and she was well gone. Her eyes were closed and her head was threshing from side to side. A youth was on top of her giving her a real good seeing to. Each time he banged into her the headboard banged against the wall. But, Mary didn't care; she was naked and spread and groaning in ecstasy. The boy had obviously stripped her off before having his fun. Skirt, blouse, and pantyhose had been thrown carelessly across the carpet. She was my best friend, but such a slut. She would shag anybody after a few drinks. The girl had no dignity.

I left them to it and went down stairs. As I sat down on the sofa, one of the boys, not fixed up with a partner, pounced on me. He wanted a kiss, so I let him have one. He put his hand on my breast and had a feel, the cheeky little sod. Then he was sliding his hand up my leg. I wasn't annoyed, my legs had always been a bit of a magnet for roving hands, but, I stopped him just the same.

He got me up for a slow dance and I realised it was just an excuse to bounce his erection up against my body and get his hands round my bum. Just then, Michael came in and his face was a picture. Then, the tease in me came out and I let the boy I was dancing with slide his hand up under my skirt at the back. I also gave him a kiss that rocked him to the core. The look on Michael's face was well worth it. The kid was consumed with jealousy. I had to excuse myself and dash to the toilet before I burst out laughing, two young boys fighting over me was just too much to take.

After another hour, I went back to check on the girls again and Michael was hot on my heels. This time he came up the stairs with me and just about stuck his head up under my skirt. Thank goodness I had changed into clean panties.

He let me look in on the girls, but, I knew what he was after. As I came out of their bedroom, he stopped me for a kiss and pushed me into my bedroom. I should have protested more, but what with the effects of the wine and the sight of Mary being shagged silly, I allowed myself to be pushed onto the bed. Then the little sod was all over me, kissing and feeling up my skirt. After a few minutes he unbuttoned my blouse and had my biggish tits in his hands. Every time I opened my mouth to tell him to stop, he had his tongue inside my mouth. So, I ran my hand through his thick curly hair. I really did like him, but I told myself it would be really wrong to have sex with him at that moment. So, I pulled myself together and regained some of my dignity. I managed to get him back downstairs and smooth down my skirt. 

"Can I come round tomorrow night? He asked eagerly.

"Alright," I finally said, but make it after 9.00pm, my girls will be in bed by then.

He said he was going home, so I saw him trot down the street as I made my way back to next door. It was probably past his bedtime.

I was just in time to see Mary coming out with two young lads. "Robbie and Jim are just giving me a lift home," she announced as flanked by her escorts she walked unsteadily across to an old banger parked at the kerb. "And taking her somewhere for a fuck en route, no doubt," I muttered to myself as she climbed into the car, showing her black thong as she did so. 

"If those lads don't get their ends away tonight they want them chopping off," I murmured bitchily. She was a sure thing and perfect practice for randy young lads. She never got tired of cock.

I went back in to say goodnight to young Sharon. After a brief search I found her upstairs. She was naked and coming out of the bathroom. "I'll say goodnight Sharon," I said, I'm off back home now." 

"Cheers, Yvonne, thanks for coming," she said as I heard a male voice call for her from a bedroom. I shook my head as I headed down the stairs. "God, they start young these days."

I was heading for the front door when the youth I had been dancing with earlier caught up with me.

"You're not going already," he slurred, breathing beer fumes all over my face. "I've been waiting for you"

He pressed himself into me as he tried to kiss me. I could tell he had not lost his erection. He backed me up against the wall and pushed his hand up my skirt. "God, I fancy you," he breathed. 

I don't know what came over me, but, while he was feeling me up, I put my hand up against the bulge in his trousers and felt the impressive size of his manhood. He was a big boy as I soon discovered when I unzipped him and got it into my hand. For the first time that night I was enjoying myself.

"Oh"...he groaned as I gave it a squeeze. Then I sank down and greedily took it in my mouth. He gasped as I started to lovingly work on it, licking the end and running my lips over the shaft. "Jesus," he purred, as I slowly sucked him, "that is so good." 

It was good for me too, and, a minute or two later, my hard work was rewarded as he shuddered and spurted into my mouth. All I could do was gulp it down. Fortunately, I never had a problem swallowing spunk. 

The young bastard never even said thank you as he zipped himself up.

If I'd gone home then, it would have been fine, but, I decided to go into the kitchen and get myself another drink. I was feeling decidedly thirsty after the action. Luckily, there were the remains of a bottle of white wine and I slugged it down from the bottle, without even looking for a clean glass. Then I sat down and lit a fag for a few minutes, until I was fed up with all the shouting and arguing coming from the next room. Now it was definitely time to go home. 

As I got to the front door, another young chap appeared and asked if he could walk me home. 

I should have said no, but the taste and feel of that earlier cock had got me going. Also, I was a little bit envious of Mary getting more sex than me. He was the biggest of the six lads who had been there tonight and not much of a talker. As we walked outside, he grabbed me tightly by the wrist and marched me away from my house and 50 yards down the road towards the shopping area. It was obvious what he was after. In his eagerness to get me down there, I could hardly keep up with him and my high heels scraped frantically on the pavement. "Hurry up" he growled as he pulled me along. I could sense the curtains twitching and the neighbours watching "There's that slut Yvonne with a young boy...she must be desperate for it... the dirty cow" 

Now that everything was closed, this area was a popular place for teenage sex and he soon found a dark alleyway to pull me into. He was big and strong and had only one thing on his drink sodden brain. He was going to fuck me and I wasn't going to have any say in the matter. He pushed me roughly against the wall and forced my head back, his big hand gripping my neck firmly. Then our lips sealed together in a kiss of lust as his tongue darted against mine. Somehow, with fucking on the agenda I knew that foreplay was going to be very brief indeed, but it never crossed my mind to object or try to get away. I guess I wanted it pretty bad by then. That's when he decisively yanked my short skirt up around my waist, getting it out of the way. Almost instantaneously, his hand was down inside my panties, his fingers taking possession of my pussy. "Oh God," I gasped as he expertly rubbed up and around my clit removing the last vestiges of my resistance. Even with big hands he was amazingly delicate. Then, as I swooned against the wall he slipped a couple of fingers into my vagina and worked them hard, til he'd had me as wet as I've ever been. 

"Fucking slut," he breathed romantically into my ear. "I'm gonna shag the ass off you." 

How romantic, I thought, but, it was too late to stop him anyway. I was in urgent need.

My panties came down next and as I kicked them away, he forced my legs apart with his foot. Suddenly, I was a teenager again, on this very Housing Estate, about to be fucked by yet another guy, in what was then, an endless succession of sexual partners; young boys and sometimes their fathers having it away with me. I was a slut then and still one now. Then, I blinked back to reality as I realised the boy was fully erect with a cock that was urgently pressing its way into my sopping vagina. He had me gasping with shock as he gave me the benefit of its full length all the way in to my feminine core. He might have only been 19, but he had an impressively big cock and knew how to fuck. For the next 15 minutes my entire world was that thrusting rampaging cock that hammered into me relentlessly. "Fucking slut, fucking whore" he muttered savagely as he dominated my sex completely, fucking me...over and over and over again. And, whatever a girl may tell you, it's an incredible feeling to be taken like that...to be dominated and abused...and fucked senseless, as my ass, with nowhere to go, bounced back off the brick wall to be further impaled on his cock.

I have to confess that he well and truly nailed me that night, as, finally, he spurted his load of spunk into me. Just then, I shuddered to orgasm. Everything condensed into that one moment of uncontrolled ecstasy.

I leaned back, helplessly against the wall... FUCKED and loving it, just like all those times before, in dark alleys like this one. 

Sex, I could never get enough.

It took me a while to gain control again and by then my "young lover" had zipped up, discarded his condom and was on his way. "Bye Bitch" was all I got. 

It was later, after I had scrambled around in the dark in a fruitless attempt to find my panties, that I realised that I hadn't even got the boy's name.

Then, I managed to pull myself together, straighten myself out and go back to my house. 

As I lay trying to get to sleep, I heard a key in the very same lock. Mary had returned. Although it was very late, I couldn't wait to hear what she had been up to.

"So, you didn't go home, after all?" I said, waiting for her at the top of the stairs. Mary's flat was at the other end of the estate, but she liked to visit me at the weekends, when she wasn't out clubbing or in someone's bed.

"Well, what happened?" I asked. 

Mary looked as if she had been dragged through a hedge backwards. Her hair was all over the place and her clothes looked creased and dirty. As she took her off skirt in the bathroom, I could see that she had also lost her panties.

"They were only after one thing," she grumbled. 

"Oh, really," I said sarcastically.

She glanced across at me and I could see she was having second thoughts about giving me the innocent maiden routine.

"Do you know what you look like?" I told her. "Go and get a shower."

It was the only thing to do after having sex in the open air. I had already had mine about an hour ago. And to be fair to Mary I hadn't looked much better than her.

As she got into the shower cubicle, I got the whole story. The boys had driven to the industrial estate and made her strip everything off. "Well you would have enjoyed that," I said, interrupting her story. 

She ignored my comment. Then, apparently, they had taken turns to fuck her.

"After that, I had to wait until they got another erection and suck them both off." she informed me heatedly. I shook my head sadly as she continued. "Then, although I was starker's, they put me out in front of the car and shone the headlights at me. They thought that was hugely funny.

I had to pose for them, would you believe, before they would give me back my clothes?

What kind of pose would that be then?

I had to turn my back to the car, bend over with my legs apart and touch my toes.

"My God, that would have showed everything you've got!"
