 I want to give special thanks to AlabasterThighs for her assistance in transforming the rough draft into a finished story. Her insights and eye for detail are an invaluable asset in my creative process.

* * *

It broke my heart when I had to tell Sharon that I would not be able to meet her in Chicago at our 30th class reunion. Despite months of planning and a new motivation, my work schedule just would not allow me to travel that weekend. So when I pulled into the parking garage on Friday morning I was feeling sad, bitter and even a bit resentful. I should be at the airport, not the office, I thought. I did not know how I would get through that day.

As the morning dragged on, my thoughts continued to wander 1400 miles to the North. I never expected to feel the way I did. But on that morning there was nowhere I would have rather been than on an airplane flying to Chicago to meet a woman I had not seen in over 30 years.

By 11:00 am I had accomplished very little on my project, making the point of staying home to work even more incomprehensible to me. I was brought back to reality by the chiming of my telephone. The receptionist advised that my 11:00 appointment had just arrived. Funny, I thought, I have no appointments today. I looked back at my calendar, and to my surprise it said 11:00 am, Charlotte North, initial consultation, re: divorce. I did not know when that was added; my calendar had been cleared for weeks as I did not plan to be in the office that weekend. I asked the receptionist to show Mrs. North to the conference room, and to give her the standard new client information forms to fill out.

Five minutes later the telephone chimed again. The receptionist advised that Mrs. North was getting impatient, and wanted me to know that she did not drive over here just to fill out paperwork. I saved the file I was trying to work on, and went to the conference room.

My second surprise of the day was more of a shock, actually. Sitting in the conference room was a middle aged woman with a mane of wildly thick auburn hair, wearing a skirted navy business suit and a cream-colored sheer silk tank top under her jacket. She looked a little frazzled, her hair and make up were a mess, but I knew immediately that sitting in my conference room was Sharon! She appeared exactly as her photographs promised: approximately five and one-half feet tall, around 150 lbs, and very pretty. My heart nearly burst out of my chest as I saw her in person.

"Mrs. North?" I asked.

"Mr. Velasquez?" she responded.

I quickly gathered my composure, closed the conference room door, and sat in a padded leather chair across the from "Mrs. North." I took out a legal pad and pretended to take notes as I looked across the table at her.

"Oh my god, what are you doing here?" was the first thing that came out of my mouth.

"I mean, I am so happy to see you, but how did you get here? What are you doing here? When did you get here?"

"When you told me that you could not go to the reunion, I decided I really did not want to go either. The only reason I was going was to see you. The only reason. I decided that if you wouldn't meet me there, then I would meet you here. So I drove down here from North Carolina."

"Baby, that is incredible, you shouldn't have, I am glad you did, but really, that's crazy. Oh my god, you are really here.

"And you are gorgeous, by the way. Stunning, Beautiful. Oh my god, you are really here."

"Does your husband know where you are?"

"Of course not. Why would I tell him that I am in Florida, instead of Chicago? Do I look crazy to you?"

"No, but..."

"He did not want to go. He didn't care if I went alone. He knew I was driving, he just doesn't know which I direction I went. Don't worry."

We talked for another thirty minutes, sitting in the conference room pretending to be conducting a new client interview. I jotted some notes on a legal pad for the benefit of anyone walking by and looking through the window behind me. It was torture keeping my hands to myself, but I forced myself to behave. When enough time had passed to make it appear that I had, in fact, interviewed a new client, I stood up, headed for the door, and asked "Mrs. North" to follow me. 

We exited the conference room and walked around the perimeter of the office. I first showed her the empty offices where we were planning to expand, and then crossed over to the occupioed side once again. On the occupied side all of the offices open to a floor to ceiling view of the ocean, which is also visible from the secretarial station on the eastern corridor. I escorted her into my office, closed the door, and locked it.

Once the door was locked I turned to face her, wrapped my arms around waist, and planted a kiss on her waiting mouth. I felt her press her body against mine, her breasts smashing into my chest, her pussy rubbing against my cock, as our tongues explored each other's mouths. We kissed hungrily, both of us tasting the other, while my hands on her back pressed her tighter against me. I reached down and cupped her ass cheeks in my hands, squeezing and kneading her flesh. Her hands traveled down my crotch, rubbing and teasing my hardening cock from outside my pants. Her searching fingers found my zipper, pulled it down, reached into my underwear and pulled out my fully erect cock.

"I have been waiting so long for this," she panted into my ear, just before pulling away and dropping to her knees. Kneeling on the floor, with both hands on my cock, she started licking up and down the shaft until it was glistening with saliva in the midday sun streaming through my office window. I ran my hands through her thick auburn hair as she continued to lick, tasting every throbbing inch of my hardness. Finally she reached the head, swollen and purple, and sucked it into her mouth. Her tongue continued to dance all over the head and shaft as her lips closed around my cock, sucking it deeper into her throat. 

As much as I enjoyed her expert cocksucking skills, I did not want her to continue kneeling on the hard wooden floor. I helped her to her feet as she reluctantly released my cock from her warm wet mouth. I removed her jacket and placed it on the back of a chair, and then led her to my desk. I had not planned for this moment, and was not sure what I was going to do next. My only thought was to bend her over my desk and fuck her from behind. But she had other ideas. Still holding my cock in one hand, she led me over to my leather chair, and directed me to sit down. I did, and a moment later she was under my desk, kneeling on the floor, with her face buried in my lap. She resumed sucking my cock, but this time I was able to relax and fully enjoy her talent. Holding her head in my hands, I moved the tangle of hair from her face and tried watching her as she sucked my cock in and out of her mouth, up and down, in and out, over and over and over. But she had too much hair, and finally I gave up as the pressure in my balls began to grow. 

I continued to enjoy her techniques as she sucked and licked up and down the shaft and all over the head of my cock. I felt the cum boiling in my balls as she continued sucking, the pressure growing as my balls tightened. She reached into my pants and gently caressed my testicles, increasing the pressure until I knew I was seconds from cumming. I told her I was ready to cum, giving her warning that I was about to explode. I knew from our numerous telephone discussions that she was not a swallower, so I gently tugged on her hair to let her know I was about to erupt. With one hand she pushed my hands away, and continued bobbing up and down on my cock. 

"Baby, I'm cumming," I said, as the pressure in my balls finally released. I felt the cum shooting up my shaft, but she continued to bob up and down while gently squeezing my balls. I felt one, two, three hard jets of cum blasting her throat, but she kept her mouth closed tightly around the shaft and caught every drop of my seed. It felt as if the cum were shooting up from my toes, through my legs, and up the shaft of my cock, the pleasure was so overwhelming. When I finally stopped spurting she removed my cock from her mouth, leaned over the wastebasket, and spit my entire load into the receptacle. 

"The cleaning lady is going to love that," I said.

Sharon crawled out from under my desk, rearranged her clothes, leaned over and kissed me fully on the mouth. I could taste traces of my cum on her lips and tongue. It was not a taste I was used to, but in this case, I did not mind. Its not every day that I get my cock sucked and my balls drained by a woman who recently revealed that she has had a crush on me for over 30 years.

"Do you want to show me to my hotel now?" she asked.

"Let's go," I answered.

I escorted "Mrs. North" to the door, and then went back to my desk. Five minutes later I announced that I was going to lunch. I met Sharon in the parking garage, asked her which hotel she was staying at, and then told her to follow me. Luckily, she had chosen a hotel just minutes from the office, which was also less than 10 minutes from my house. 

I waited in my car while Sharon checked into her room and then sent me a text message with the room number. I carried her bags up to her room and knocked on the door, only to find it slightly ajar. I entered, finding her in bed with the covers over her. I saw her suit, blouse and underwear draped over a chair, and so I too undressed. 

"What took you so long?" she asked. "I have been waiting here for you. My pussy needs some attention."

I pulled back the covers and climbed into bed with her. I resisted the urge to ravish her, and instead spent several minutes just kissing her on the lips, tasting her mouth, gently touching her skin, prolonging the buildup. After several minutes of just kissing her and touching her arms and shoulders, feeling her softness, caressing her face and torso, trying so hard just to believe that we were finally together, even as the overwhelming evidence demonstrated that we were in fact lying in bed with one another, I finally started kissing her behind her ear, her neck, her throat, kissing all over, looking for any place I could touch that produced a reaction. I listened to her breathing, listening for changes in her breaths; I observed her skin flushing from pale white to bright red, then I kissed my way down her upper chest until I reached her right nipple. I gently sucked it into my mouth and felt it harden between my lips. I released it, and kissed my way over to her other nipple, sucking that one into my mouth as I had done with the right nipple a minute ago. I alternated back and forth, licking, kissing, sucking each into my mouth, first one, then the other, over and over and over again. Such beautiful breasts, not as full as they had appeared in photographs, but perfectly shaped and firmer than those of any other 48 year old woman I knew. Her breasts were so beautiful that they image of them will be forever etched into my mind.

After several minutes of sucking those lovely nipples I started kissing lower, down her belly --so soft and flat, so beautiful. I could nearly cum from kissing her belly, she turned me on so much. But I kept kissing lower and lower, until I reached my biggest surprise since entering the room. 

"I thought you were going to shave," I said. 

"I was going to, but I decided to let you do it for me," she replied.

"Interesting. Do you have the supplies?" I asked.

"What do you need?"

"A razor, some shaving cream, a glass of hot water, and a towel."

"I'll be right back."

She went to the bathroom and started running some water, returning with a towel and a glass. She then opened her suit case and handed me a razor and a can of Edge gel.

Her thick bush was already trimmed at the top and on the sides, just enough to be contained by her swimsuit, I assumed. I caught a hint of her aroma delicately wafting from the petals of her moist flower. I lifted her legs and spread the towel underneath her. I gently nudged her thighs a little farther apart, opening her to my appreciative gaze. Moisture was visibly leaking from her pussy by now, collecting in small droplets at the tips of her lips. I wet her pussy down with the water, and then spread the shaving gel over her bush. I took my time, working the foaming gel thoroughly over her entire mound, and into her cleft. I then dipped the razor into the warm water and let the blades warm up for a few seconds. Sharon was looking straight up at the ceiling as I made the first pass with the razor through her bush. Using smooth, even strokes I removed the hair from the area between her slit and her panty line. When the easy part was done I told her to open her legs a little more, and then I started removing the hair from her outer lips. I worked very slowly and very carefully, at times using my left hand to open her slit so that I could remove the hair sprouting from just inside the cleft. I had to ask her to hold open the right side while I opened the left and cleared away all the remaining hairs growing closest to her inner lips. Eventually her inner lips began to emerge from the fleshy mound of her outer lips. 

In between strokes of the razor I caressed her mound and brushed my fingers over her outer lips, much more than was truly necessary. I could tell from her breathing that she was fully aroused. The evidence of her arousal was confirmed by the aroma emanating from her slit, which was fighting with and overpowering the citrus scent of the shaving gel. 

When I was through cleaning all the hair from the front of her pussy, I told her to get up on her hands and knees. She complied quickly and without question. Of course she was now wide open to me, and this time it was my turn to gasp. She had a perfectly heart-shaped light ass with a deep crack, a lovely little virgin rosebud asshole framed by a slight line of short curly hairs, and the two luscious lips protruding from her puffy mound. At that point I wanted to violate her in so many ways. But instead I wet her ass crack with the wash cloth, and then applied shaving gel. I worked the gel thoroughly into her crack, again spending much more time than was truly necessary, but all the while increasing her sexual arousal. With a few careful swipes of the razor I finished removing the hair from the crack of her ass, and the wiped off the rest of the foamy shaving gel. I wiped her with a fresh cloth, and then stopped for a second to admire my work. I lowered my face to within inches of her ass as I inspected every square millimeter of flesh. My mouth was only about an inch from her rosebud, and she shuddered as she felt my warm breach against her cool moist skin. I told her to roll over onto her back and resumed my inspection. 

Her arousal was unmistakable. I would almost say that she was in a state of acute distress, needing to cum immediately. I brushed my fingers over her lips, stopping for a second to seek out and stimulate her clit. I then lowered my mouth and slowly licked up and down her slit, my tongue barely touching her inner lips, tasting the honey glistening from within her. She started cumming almost immediately, arching her back and moaning into a pillow. I licked her seven or eight times, up and down her moist slit, before my tongue sought out and found the nub that my fingers had identified seconds earlier. I slowly swirled my tongue around her clit, coaxing it from the hood, closing my lips around it and sucking it into my mouth. I sucked and licked her for about five minutes while she thrashed around on the bed beneath me, moaning into a pillow that she held over her face the entire time. I licked down to her vagina, tasting all of her juices and pushing my tongue into her warm moist tunnel. She kept cumming as I fucked her with my tongue, in and out, and then licked lower, to the virgin rosebud I was dying to taste. I swirled my tongue around her asshole, but it did not relax or open in the slightest. I inserted a finger into her pussy, amazed at how tight she felt. I inserted a second finger, and then began stroking her G-spot. I quickly brought her to another orgasm. I removed my fingers from the hot sticky hole, and replaced them with my tongue. I licked her for a few more minutes, until she pushed my face away. 

My cock was fully erect, and so hard it felt ready to burst. But I knew that after the blowjob in my office I would last as long as I needed to. I knelt between her legs and admired her deliciously lovely body. I could wait no longer, and placed the head of my cock against her sweet wet pussy. Again, I was surprised by the tightness of her hole. The petals parted as the head pushed through, opening willingly to the hard fleshy invader pressing between them. I entered her in one thrust, and then just held it in place, enjoying the pleasure of her tight wet pussy clutching my throbbing hard cock. I looked into her eyes and saw the lust she was feeling for me, which perfectly matched the lust I felt for her. I started stroking in and out, in and out, very slowly, enjoying every stimulation of every nerve ending in my body, all of which seemed to be connected to my cock. I bent to kiss her, and her mouth hungrily met mine. I know she tasted her pussy on my lips, and that inflamed my passions even more. I started thrusting into her faster as I sucked her tongue into my mouth. I wanted to consume her and be consumed by her, all at the same time. Every fiber of my body wanted to be joined with her flesh. I reached under her thighs, pulling her closer to me, trying to bury my cock deeper into her pussy. The pleasure she was giving me was undescribable. I thrust into her deeper and deeper, harder and harder, over and over and over. 

When I felt that I was about to cum, I pulled out of her. I kissed her deeply, bent down and licked her pussy again, and then turned her over. I had to fuck this lovely creature from behind, where I could admire her ass and all of her gorgeous backside. She responded immediately, sensing what I wanted, and backed her ass up against me. I entered her from behind, returning to the slower pace that ignited our passion. I place my hands on her hips and thrust into her, slowly, deeply, and then I pulled all of the way out, so that the head of my cock was barely touching her wet lips. I pushed just the head in, then slowly pulled it out. I repeated this motion 2, 3, 4 more times. Then without warning I buried my cock all the way into her pussy in one swift stroke. She gasped as my cock filled her pussy for a second, only to be fully removed again. I then increased the pace and fucked her harder, faster, stroke after I stroke as I held her hips and pulled her toward me with every stroke. Sensing that I was about to cum, I pulled out and turned her over onto her back once again. I kissed her, then started pumping her over and over, faster and faster. 

"I'm going to cum baby," I said.

"Cum for me."

"Where do you want my cum?"

"In my pussy"

"Tell me where you want my cum"

"I want your cum in my pussy"

"Say it louder!"

"I want your cum in my pussy! Cum in my pussy!"

"Oh baby, I'm cumming baby, I'm cumming in your pussy!"

"Fill my pussy, baby, fill it with your cum!"

"Here it cums baby"

I felt the cum shooting up my shaft, I felt it exploding out of my cock, filling her sweet pussy with cum. I pumped her hard and deep, thrust after thrust as I shot spurt after spurt of white hot cum in her pussy. 

When I was done I pulled out and rolled off her. I saw a river of cum flowing out of her pussy. I reached for her camera and snapped a picture. Your first souvenir, I thought. I laid down beside her, drifting off to sleep.

When I awoke it was late in the afternoon. Sharon was still sleeping, but she woke up as I got up from the bed to go to the bathroom. She told me that she was still tired, as she had driven all night to be there by 11:00 am. I thanked her, showered, and let her drift off to sleep again.
