 Just an old friend. We'd become reacquainted last summer and had corresponded since then. It had been growing steadily hotter between us and there was only one way it was going to end up. All of those months of Email and Instant Messaging foreplay were about to come to a head. We had felt the tension building for so long now and knew that when we saw each other, there would be no stopping, no thinking about whether it was the right or wrong thing to do. There would only be heat. There would be passion and urgency.

It was surreal to step off the plane and into the terminal, glancing around until I saw him. He looked just as good as I had imagined he would, better even. Nice jeans, a sweater, blue jacket. The sparkly brown eyes, that quirky, crooked smile. Our eyes met and I smiled back, then had to look away. Holy shit, the electricity between us just about crackled in the air. Slow moving families in front of me kept me from running to him and I had to be content to shuffle, trying not to stare, pretending to be nonchalant when inside I was on fire. Every nerve in my body was humming as the distance between us closed, and finally I was there, in that tight embrace. His body, real and warm and solid, pressed against mine. I could barely breathe, I was so lost in how it all felt. 

Shortly we made it to the garage and found his car. Once inside, we kissed, the first one. It was instantly intimate, our tongues seeking and exploring, getting to know each other again. The heat went directly to my jeans and I felt the dampness start in my panties right away. I was so immediately hot for him that I would have stripped and done anything he asked, right there. His hand resting casually on my thigh was like a hot iron, searing itself into my flesh and making me ache for him. The other hand sent dozens of tiny sparks up and down my neck where he caressed me, taking my breath away. 

And we drove, out into traffic, out onto the highway. Chatting about my flight, our families, our different plans for the weekend. We only had a few hours together, and it was wonderful already. As we talked our small talk, that one hand, so very warm and strong, stroked my thigh in slow lazy circles. Each pass across my leg sent a shockwave to my crotch, with every circle getting just a little bit closer to my pussy. He was killing me and he knew it. I was wound so tight, wanting all of it right now yet wanting to make it last. I was at a loss for things to say, or what to do, so distracted by what I was feeling.

He mentioned that he had to stop at his mother's house for a moment, just to drop something off. I was grateful for the interruption but resentful that I would have to share this small amount of time with anyone. As we walked into her home, it had that vacant feeling, cold and dark – and empty. She was away on vacation, not due back for another week. He went off to another room for a moment as I stood there, praying that this was really happening. And then he was there, behind me, slipping his arms around my waist and turning me to face him. We dove into each other then, with the kind of passion that nothing is going to hold back. Our were hands roaming over each other's bodies, eager to touch everything, not wanting to miss an inch of it. Jackets hit the floor, clothes began to come undone. We were pressed so tightly into one another, our bodies connected from head to toe, yet I still yearned to be closer, to feel more of him. 

He guided me backwards into a small bedroom, kissing me hard, deeply, reflecting back the heat that I was feeling for him. Lips on necks, kisses on hot skin, soft whispers into my ear that sent chills straight through me. My shirt first, then his, landed on the floor. Our bare chests were together, mine soft and smooth, his so strong, covered with hair. My nipples were standing taut, my breasts yearning for his fingers and then his lips to touch them and taste them. His tongue and his lips left a hot trail on my flesh, burning my neck and shoulders as he kissed and licked his way across my body. Firm hands gripped my waist as his fiery tongue flicked across my nipples, and my knees were growing weak. We sank back onto the bed, falling across the middle of it, he on top of me, his hard body pressed into me, pinning me and putting me at his mercy. There was to be none. My hands gripped his broad shoulders as his mouth encircled my breast, first lightly and then drawing my nipple in deeply, hard enough to make me catch my breath. My lower body turned to liquid as he sucked first one then the other nipple, tugging gently with his lips and pulling them into his hot mouth. My hips bucked up into his groin and I could feel the length of his hardness, grinding into me. His mouth began to trace a path to my belly, tongue flicking over my skin and kissing me lightly as he went. 

Then he was there. With hardly any warning, he dove in, clamping his lips on my clit and kissing me hard there. I sucked in a breath and tried not to yell out loud. The sensation was so intense it was almost unbearable but he had me held down, forcing me to endure his mouth's assault. My hands were in his hair, clasping his head and holding him there, feeling the pressure building inside. I was close to the edge, almost there. A finger suddenly slipped inside of me, hot and strong and insistent, and I came with such force I thought I would pass out. Moaning and bucking, my back was arched and my head thrown back, I was so completely swept away by the power of my orgasm. His lips and tongue barely slowed down, gave me just a few seconds before they went back to their dance on my love spot. A second orgasm ripped through me almost immediately, just as powerful as the first, my pussy clenched on his fingers, wet and hot and throbbing. This time I had to moan out loud, I had no control over anything just then. It was sensory overload, I had to pull him away. My clit was pulsating, feeling as if it would explode. I could barely breathe and every muscle in my body was tight and shaking as he kissed my belly and breasts, soothing me.

My hands were on his lean torso as he worked his way up my heaving body, feeling his muscular form and loving the feel of him. We kissed and I could taste myself on his lips. Gentle kisses at first, becoming more insistent again as passion came over us again. His cock was rock hard and standing up, begging to be noticed and appreciated. Gently, he went over onto his back and it was my turn to be in charge. I trailed my fingers over his fine chest and tight belly, and dug my nails into his thighs, following with kisses and little bites and nibbles. His beautiful dick was there, and I moved down to be closer, flicking my tongue just a bit over the tip of it. So hard, so perfect, I just had to have a taste of him. I lowered my mouth to him, wrapping my lips tight around him and drawing him in. It was so smooth and silky yet so hard and hot. My tongue swirled around the top and then downward, licking his shaft and sucking him hungrily into my hot mouth. His legs stiffened and I knew I was getting to him. I wrapped my hand around his shaft and squeezed a little, then began stroking slowly, causing a little friction. My other hand reached around and I sunk my nails into his ass cheeks, feeling them harden up as his pelvis rocked and ground beneath my lips. 

He reached into my hair, trying to stop me and pull me away but it was my turn to show no mercy. Resisting him, I doubled my efforts. My lips and tongue went wild on his cock, my hand circling him, slippery with saliva and stroking his length, harder now, applying just a bit more pressure. There would be no stopping. I felt his body tense up and his balls tighten, his moans telling me he was there. His hot load shot into my throat, surprising me with its force, my mouth and tongue trying to handle all he gave me. I collapsed on him then, spent and shaken and overcome by it all, feeling his legs twitching and smiling to myself.

His hands reached down to my shoulders, pulling me up to him and we hugged each other tightly. We kissed, sweet soft kisses. No passion now, we were spent, but full of genuine affection. Quiet minutes passed, no words, just soothing touches, warm kisses on skin. I looked into his eyes, feeling comfortable and content just lying there next to his strong body. I knew we had to leave soon and this would be over – we were going in different directions, and I knew it would be a long time before I saw him again. I couldn't help but feel grateful for our time together, as if I had visited a wonderful land full of undiscovered treasure. I would hold those moments close to my heart always, knowing that they were a special secret just for us, and hope that I would get to travel there again someday with him.