 She sat at her computer.  The blue light only partially lit up the large room.  “It’s too dark, she thought to herself as she typed, “This can’t be good for my eyes.”  She was too lazy to get up and turn on any lights though, so she sat there and continued her task until she heard the familiar whine of the modem connecting her computer to the internet.  There was nothing worse than opening your inbox to find nothing, which happened to her more often than not.  She couldn’t stop herself from checking though, so her disappointment seemed endless.  Secretly she hoped to hear from him.  She didn’t really expect it, it had been close to a year, but she continued to check, hopeful with each attempt that she would receive something from him.  She used to.  She used to get emails from him a lot.  At the time she thought maybe she heard from him too much, like he was too eager, almost insincere.  She missed that.  Although plentiful, emails from him were always thoughtful, and usually extremely witty.  It had inspired the same from her and she had never felt more clever or attractive then when the days when they had communicated.  She wondered what he was doing now as she slowly signed on to her email account.  As the page loaded she saw she had received 8 new messages since this morning.  “Probably just junk mail,” she reasoned.  She clicked on the inbox and began to assess her mail.  Suddenly an email address jumped out at her and she immediately disregarded all her other mail.  “This could not possibly be from him.”  She clicked on the email in question in amazement.  It seemed an eternity before the message appeared on her screen.  It was.  I was him.  Her heart stopped.  Why had he emailed her now?  She had tried to contact him a couple of months back and received no response, she had though for sure that he had simply forgotten about her.  But here it was, a message, she hardly had the courage to sit and read it.  What could he possibly have to say?  She opened her eyes and focused on the screen.  

Karen,
I got your message.  Sorry for the late response, but I wondered whether or not I should respond at all.  I don’t want to interfere with you and your husband.  I know… well I think we should talk.  Let me know what you think.
JM

Not a long message.  She read it through three times before she could fully take it in.  He had responded.  He remembered.  He was probably right not to respond sooner.  He did distract her from her husband.  She loved Jim but she often found herself wondering about John Madison and what could have happened if she had let it.  Sometimes she wished that she had.  The chemistry between them had been undeniable.  She had never been tempted before John.  Not once.  But John was different.  His smile intrigued her, his wit captivated her, and his sex appeal drew her.  She found it hard to control herself around him.  Her body ached to let him touch her as she remembered the night they had finally gotten to really speak to each other.  She had held back, and at the time she was grateful, but now?  What had her restraint gotten her?  Fantasies that can never be fulfilled?  A desire that continues to grow in her imagination until she can hardly think of anything else?  She glanced down at the email in front of her.  He had responded.  She sighed.

John,
So glad you responded.  I was beginning to wonder if you even remembered me at all.  You’re right, you are the worst kind of distraction for me.  Trouble with a capital T.  But I just can’t stop.  What can we do?
Karen

Her response seemed trite, not at all up to par to their original correspondence.  She didn’t feel up to revising it though and sent it anyway before she lost her nerve.  She waited weeks for his response.  When it finally came she drew her breath.  She felt shivers move though her as she opened the email and began to read it.  It was almost as if he was here again, and not in Savannah, God she wished he was here.  

Karen,
Not much to do.  Some things just weren’t meant to be.  But never forget, I most certainly do remember you.  I remember you every day.  I remember you in my sleep.  
John

She read it through again.  Jesus he was intense.  It both scared and invigorated her.  She gathered her courage to respond.

John,
I remember you too.  I remember as Jim touches me, I remember as I touch myself.  I have looked back on that night and wondered what would have happened if I had gone home with you.  I ache to have the memory of you touching me, but instead have only my imagination.  
Karen

That sounds so corny she scolded herself as she read through her response.  By reflex she hit send anyway, almost as if to do it before she could change her own mind.  What is he going to think of me?  I sound like some creepy stalker chick, oh Lord.  He was never going to respond.  To her surprise the next evening she opened up her inbox to find an email from John Madison in her inbox.  She clicked on the message and closed her eyes as the page opened on her computer screen.

Karen,
If I were there with you… I can’t even get into this…  Do I have the nerve?  Lightly I would touch your breast… tracing her nipples softly with my fingertips.  I would lean in and gently brush your neck with my lips… running them down your neck to your shoulder… gently I would unbutton your shirt and slip off you bra strap… I would trace the nape of your neck with my fingers and run them down your arms as I leaned in to softly kiss you…  GOD WOMAN… I can’t even get into the rest… 
John

She couldn’t believe her eyes.  She was incredibly horny and desperately afraid Jim would wake up and catch her.  But catch her doing what?  Was she really doing anything wrong?  Was this wrong?  God she hoped not because it made you hot… she couldn’t believe how much he turned her on.  What was it about him?  How did he do this to her?  She couldn’t find the nerve to respond to this last email.  It sat there in her inbox.  She frequently re-read the email, used it to get herself off.  She found it hard not to think of him.  At work, at home, in bed.  He was everywhere.  She woke one morning after a particularly vivid dream, got dressed and began her walk to work.  As she left the house she tried to shake the thought of him from her mind.  Just as he was beginning to fade she looked across the street and saw him standing at the corner.  She vigorously shook her head to erase the vision.  She really was going insane.  She continued to walk.  The vision began speaking.  Calling her name.  She really needed to see someone about this.  When she felt a tap on her shoulder, she was afraid to turn around.  It was just a vision right?  She turned and was facing him.  He stood in front of her.  His wavy brown hair was tousled and hung slightly in front of his eyes.  She lost her breath.  He spoke first.

“I had to be in town for a conference,” he said.
“Oh,” was all she could muster.
“I wanted to see you.”
“I see,” where were her words?
“Can we… go somewhere?”
She nodded, still unable to find a complete sentence.
He motioned toward a hotel across the street.  “I’m staying here.”

They walked toward his room.  He was talking but she couldn’t comprehend the situation and his words weren’t sinking in.  As they entered his room all she could think about was being late for work.

“John… I am going to be late for… “
He interrupted her, “I know, this won’t take long, I’m sorry… I…” His voice trailed off.
He was leaning toward her.  She felt his breath now.  He was getting closer.  His cheek brushed hers and she shivered.  Slowly his lips began to gently nibble on her neck.  She wanted to stop this, but she couldn’t.  All the fantasy was finally becoming reality… she felt helpless.  She felt his hands now.  Gently he was touching her.  Tracing her breasts through her silk blouse.  One hand began to travel down her body.  Before she knew it her skirt was hiked up over her hips and his fingers were exploring her.  His mouth had moved from her shoulder to her chest and her blouse lay strewn on the couch beside her.  She had lost herself now, she couldn’t stop what was happening.  She saw her own hand reaching for him now.  She felt his hardness pressed against her thigh and ached for it.   She fumbled to unbutton and unzip his fly until she could finally feel him in her hands.  Slowly she bent down and took him into her mouth.  She traced her tongue around the head of his penis and then took him deep within her mouth, to the back of her throat.  She pressed her tongue against him and continued to suck at him.  He gently motioned for her to lie on the couch.  She responded and he began to explore her.  His mouth closed over her clitoris and he began to suck.  The feeling of his tongue on her left her weak, all thoughts of protest were long forgotten as she felt him.  She begged him to enter her and suddenly he did.  He entered her with such force that she yelped.  His strength was amazing.  As he thrust into her, she closed her eyes and savored the moment.

When it was over they rested together on the couch.  He was staring at her, she was staring back.  They couldn’t break the stare.  She lay there, and suddenly she didn’t care about work, or for that moment, about Jim either.  She broke their stare and closed her eyes and thought about the fantastic reality they had just created.  It was worth every moment, she thought.