 I was wandering through the mall after doing a bit of late night shopping on Thursday night. There weren't many people around so I figured enough was enough and headed for the exit.

I was passing one of those classy little boutiques that pop up in the mall every so often. They thrive for a while and then seem to vanish again. What attracted my attention was the woman lounging bored on the counter at the back of the store.

Cherri had been my girlfriend a few years back. I say girlfriend advisedly, as it had never been more than a boy/girl sort of thing. Me wanting, but not really knowing what I wanted, and too nervous to ask her in case she did know and laughed at me. I thought I'd wander in and say hullo.

Cherri was surprised to have a customer enter, even more surprised to find it was an old wannabe boyfriend. She laughed in surprise and we fell to talking about the things that we'd done over the last few years, catching up on mutual friends that had drifted away from one or the other of us.

I mentioned that there seemed to be a lack of custom right then, and Cherri laughed. 

"You've got that right," she said. "This time of the evening is dead. It may pick up for a short while just before we close, but right now, nothing."

"Then that gives me an idea," I said, smiling. "I assume that you're allowed to take the occasional break if you need one?"

At her nod, I continued.

"One of the things I really regret from when we were together is the fact that I was always too nervous to get into your pants. Why don't you shut up for a short while and let me take you into the back room and make up for what I missed."

Cherri giggled. "Right," she said. "As though that's going to happen."

I just continued smiling at her. "Why not?"

"Why not? Because people just don't do that sort of thing," she told me.

"Of course they do. All the time. I bet that twenty percent of the staff in this place have been screwed while at work. Actually, it's probably nearer fifty percent. These places are real dens on iniquity."

"Well I haven't," Cherri said, thinking that this would finish the conversation.

"Then why should you miss out? All you need to do is stick up a little 'back in ten minutes' sign, and then I can take you out back and slowly peel those clothes off you, tasting your breasts as I take off your bra, cupping your pussy through your panties so you can anticipate what is going to happen once I peel them down."

Cherri flushed. "You're certainly not as nervous as you used to be," she observed. "But we could get caught. They're cameras in the back room."

"They're only checked if stuff goes missing," I pointed out, "and there won't be cameras in the changing room. We can use one of those. The biggest one you have," I added. "With mirrors in it."

"I couldn't," said Cherri, but I didn't reply this time. She'd stopped arguing with me and was now arguing with herself.

"No, really," she said, looking at me. "We'd never get away with it."

"Why not? You're entitled to a short break if nature calls and nature is definitely calling. It's not your fault that there's no-one to take over. Just shut up for a little while and be open before the last half hour rush starts."

She was tempted, I could see. An illicit break during work, and the thought of some forbidden sex was also appealing. She'd be able to giggle with her friends and say 'one night at work...'.

Suddenly she opened a drawer under the counter and pulled out some keys and a small sign. She closed the doors and locked them before hanging up the sign. Then she returned and indicated that I should follow her.

Cherri didn't take me to the back room but into a large changing room, with mirrors all around.

"We use this room for groups," she told me. "Especially bridesmaids all trying on the same type of dress. This'll be a first for this room."

Looking around, I shook my head. 

"I wouldn't bet on it," I told her. "A room like this, some of the other staff have probably been tempted, possibly even during busy periods. Ever have a staff member go missing at times."

Cherri looked shocked, then her eyes opened and she suddenly seemed very thoughtful. I wondered who she suspected of being up to sexual shenanigans?

Cherri seemed to relax more once it occurred to her that she wasn't the only one to make illicit use of the changing room. She smiled at me and reached up to undo her blouse, and looked slightly startled when I stopped her.

"I said that I would be taking your clothes off, not you," I explained, my hands now reaching for the buttons she had been about to open.

Taking my time I flicked them open, edging her blouse a little more open after each button was released. Very soon her breasts were on display, cupped in a white lacy bra. True to my word, I bent and kissed each breast while I continued with the buttons. Finally finishing, I slid her blouse off her shoulders and hung it on one of the wall hooks.

Turning Cherri around I undid her bra, then slipped the straps over her shoulders and let the bra drop away, freeing her breasts. Tossing the bra onto a hook, I stood behind Cherri, my hands coming up to cup her breasts while she watched in the mirror. I nibbled on her neck while gently squeezing her breasts and playing with her nipples.

Still standing behind her, I undid the clip and zip at the side of Cherri's skirt, letting it slip down. Letting her step out of it, I added it to a hook and stepped behind her again. Now she was down to pantyhose and panties.

Taking her pantyhose I slowly rolled them down, baring her legs. Cherri stood still, looking in the mirror, watching herself be slowly stripped. Tossing the pantyhose onto a bench, I stood and reached around to cup Cherri's breasts again.

A gentle squeeze of her breasts and my hands stared travelling down her front, sliding over her tummy and onto her panties. Onto, not under.

Cupping her mound through her thin panties I rubbed her pussy, reminding her that this was a preliminary, with closer contact to come. I hooked her panties at the back, dragging them slowly down over her bottom. It didn't take long for her cheeks to be free of the panties, while her pussy was still covered, but as I continued to drag at them the front of the panties started to creep down, slowly uncovering Cherri's mons and then her lips.

Cherri was watching it all, the slow divesting of her clothes, the gradual exposure of her nakedness, and her breath was becoming harsher as excitement started agitating her breasts and loins. Her body knew it was going to be possessed and was already adapting, getting ready for the pleasure to come.

Now that Cherri's panties were down it was the work of a moment to strip them off and toss them aside. Still kneeling from the panty removal I gently tugged Cherri around to face me, her pussy level with my face.

Tapping an ankle to encourage her to move her legs apart, I licked slowly along her labia, sliding my tongue into the groove between her lips, the rapid licking motion teasing her lips to part slightly, encouraging those inner folds of flesh to blossom and rise.

Satisfied that her pussy knew that it was on alert, I slowly rose, muzzling Cherri's body all the way back up to her breasts, where I again set to work, making sure that they knew they were loved.

Now standing, I started kissing Cherri herself, and she responded ardently. She was practically quivering with excitement, and my hand dropping down and dancing around her pussy only intensified this.

Releasing her and turning her to face one of the bigger mirrors again, I took a step back and to the side so that she could clearly see me as I undressed. Taking my time, I stripped off my shirt and singlet, tossing them to the side. (Hanging her clothes up as I went creates a good impression. No-one cared where mine went.)

Slipping off my shoes, I undid my belt and dropped my trousers, kicking them aside. There was a conspicuous bulge in front of my underpants, and I took Cherri's hand and moved it there.

She gave a little gasp as she clutched at me, and started to turn to look. Again I stopped her, telling her to look in the mirror. She did so, watching herself rubbing me through my underpants. Then her hand lifted and slid inside the waistband, wanting to feel me, not cloth.

With her hand holding me intimately, I dropped my underpants and flicked them to the side. Now I had Cherri turn sideways to the mirror, and bend forward, legs parted. Initially just rubbing her pussy while she bent over, I moved slowly into a deeper exploration, my fingers delving into those subtle folds, stirring them up.

Then I moved my cock into position. Cherri could see it advancing upon her and she seemed to forget to breathe once it actually touched her flesh and started its journey. I pushed forward, enjoying the sensation of taking this woman, driving myself slowly but surely into her, giving her time to adjust but not stopping until I was home.

When Cherri felt my pubes pressing against her she seemed to gasp and shudder, sending these little vibrations through us both.

At this stage I whispered a small apology to Cherri. The shop still waited, so I could not take my time playing with her body for half an hour or more before getting down to a thorough screwing. Instead I was going to have to start banging her right away. 

I told her that, and while she was taking it in I suddenly pulled almost fully out and then drove fully back into her, extracting a gasp as I withdrew and a small scream as I drove back in.

"Like that," I told her with a laugh, repeating the action while she squirmed with surprise. 

Then I was driving home rapidly, forcing little squeals out of her when I slammed in and gasps of anticipation when I pulled back for the next run.

I could see that Cherri's eyes were glued to the mirror, watching this cock violating her, seeing her own bottom bob to meet it, and watching her breasts sway back and forth from the violence of the pounding she was taking.

She was squealing almost constantly now, excitement running through her. I don't know what her sex life was normally like but she seemed to find this change enormously exciting. I continued to batter her, hearing her squeals coming shorter, starting to run into each other as the tempo increased.

Then I was coming and Cherri was swearing because she hadn't yet, but I maintained the pace and the Cherri was screaming while I tried to clamp my hand over her mouth as she seemed to have a seizure on my cock.

(It is not wise to have a saleswoman scream loudly during sex if the damn place is still open. You really don't want to have to explain it to security.)

We took a couple of minutes to settle down, and then Cherri rushed to get dressed again. We'd been longer that she expected and the store was supposed to be open. She rushed out the door, ripping of the sign and unlocking it, flinging keys and sign in the counter drawer.

By the time I made my leisurely way out of the changing room Cherri was leaning on the counter, looking bored.

We stood talking some more, both of us smiling, and then some customers came in. Cherri said a hurried goodbye and told me to call her, then she headed for her customers and I headed for the exit.