 Julie sat on the couch as Mike walked in. They had not seen each other in a few years, so this meeting was long over due. Julie is about 5'4 with long black hair, beautiful breasts, and the perfect ass. Mike is 6'2 and toned, he considers himself to be quite the good looking guy.

When he entered, he could not help but stare at Julie in her low cut top showing just enough cleavage to keep your attention. They had always been friends and nothing more, but seeing her reminded Mike of the images that had gotten him off years ago. 

Julie was happy to see Mike, and when she noticed Mike staring at her chest she was slightly bothered by it at first, then she felt her nipples start to harden just a little bit at the thought of Mike checking her out. He was looking a lot better than the last time she had seen him, and she thought of maybe teasing him a little bit, but decided to save that for later.

Finally Julie said, "So how've you been?"

"Good, you look amazing."

Julie blushed a little and Mike sat down on the couch next to her, turning his attention to the tv to keep his eyes off her chest and the bulge in his pants from becoming to obvious, he leaned back to get more comfortable.

Julie noticed the bulge in his pants and decided it was a good time to tease him. She got up saying she was getting some water and let her hand 'accidentally' brush against his pants. Mike didn't notice her hand as his eyes were glued to her breasts as they hung before him. He could see almost too her nipple, and was becoming very aroused. Enjoying herself, Julie exaggerated her walk on the way out of the room, giving Mike a nice view of her ass as she walked. 

Julie returned with her water and this time sat across from Mike, spreading her legs slightly giving Mike a glimpse up her skirt. Mike thought he saw pussy but wasn't really sure, as if reading his mind Julie shifted slightly giving him clear view. Mike started to talk in an effort to keep his attention somewhere else knowing his lustful feelings would just end up with him masturbating when he got home, and if he kept looking he may not make it that long.

"So what are we gonna do today?"

"Well I was thinking we could go to concert tonight, but I'm kind of tired so I think we should just hang out her for a while. How long can you stay?"

"I got plenty of time."

"Nice." Julie smiled knowing that she had him and could probably get him to do whatever she wanted.

"Yeah it is, the place is nice."

"It's a good place to have parties, but I'm sure you don't wanna hear those stories."

"No, I do. Tell me about some of them, I know you gotta do some crazy shit here."

"Last week it got pretty crazy. It was a small party only like 10 people, but as the night got late everyone left except for this one guy who was spending most of his time with me." Julie wasn't sure how far she should go with the story, but was having fun with it. Mike was definitely interested and getting hornier by the second.

"I bet you two had a good time."

"We did. When everyone left he didn't waste any time. He said 'Oh Julie you're so damn sexy,' I couldn't resist that and when I felt his cock hardening as I sat on his lap, so I told him I would take care of that for him."

"Please continue, this sounds like a good one."

"Well I undid I his fly and his cock popped out of his boxers. It looked so delicious I just had to suck on it. It was good, I had him really going and he was starting to moan. I knew he was gonna come soon, so I stopped. He begged me to continue, but I told him he would have to earn it by eating me out."

"Harsh, but still a lucky guy."

"He was ready to go I barely had time to pull my thong off and his head was between my legs. He was sucking on me harder and faster than anyone ever had before. I had done similar things to guys before, but he was the closest to the brink I had ever taken a guy without finishing. He worked my clit furiously not wasting time teasing it, he just sucked on hard and fast. He flicked his tongue in and out. It was incredible, I don't think any guy has gotten me to orgasm faster, I came hard and covered his face with my juices he lapped it up. I told him he was a good boy and he would now get what he deserved. His cock was still rock hard, but I took my time teasing it with my tongue just licking the head. I could tell by the look on his face that he was about to blow, so I worked his cock all the way into my mouth. He shot glob after glob of hot come into my mouth and I hungrily swallowed it all. By this point I wanted his cock in me, but it was limp and I knew it wasn't gonna be of any use to me, so I said good bye and thanked him for the good time."

"What a way to start a conversation." Mike nervously laughed.

"Oh there's more to it, if you wanna hear it."

"Yeah, sure, keep going."

"Well I needed something inside me, so I went to my room laid out on my bed and pulled out my vibrator. That felt amazing, letting it vibrated inside me and thrusting it in and out in and out. That orgasm actually topped the one from earlier."

"Wow."

"Well I'm gonna make a sandwich, you want anything?"

"No thanks, I'm good."

Julie walked into the kitchen again, she was feeling hot after watching Mike's reaction to her story. She knew by the increasing size in his pants that his cock was pretty big, but wasn't sure if she wanted to see how much about it should could find out. 

Mike couldn't wait any longer, he ran to the bathroom and quickly dropped his pants and leaned over the toilet. He was really starting to get into it when he heard footsteps near the doorway to the bathroom. To his horror he realized he had not shut the door completely and saw Julie looking in at him.

"What are you doing?"

"Uh..." Mike had no idea what to say

"That because of my story?"

"Uh kinda"

"Oh, did I get you horny, did my sexy story and my cleavage turn you on?"

"Yes," Mike admitted sheepishly.

"Well you can go ahead and finish, no point in stopping now."

"You wanna help me finish it?" Mike had no idea where the boldness suddenly came from. Julie didn't respond, she just walked in and pushed Mike back away from the toilet and circled her fingers around his shaft. Mike felt his cock twitch in excitement. Julie started slowly stroking him with one hand while reaching her other hand between her legs and softly massaging herself.

She knew Mike wasn't going to last much longer and didn't want to make him wait, so she lowered her head around the tip of his cock slowly tasting the pre-cum that had formed their. She always enjoyed the salty taste of it. Then she suddenly stopped as an idea came to her mind. Feeling her stop Mike looked down at her longingly.

"Don't worry I wouldn't do that to you Mike I want to make this better for you," she said pulling off her top exposing her luscious breasts completely to Mike, "I want you to fuck my tits Mike, I want you to coat them with your come."

Mike didn't need to be told twice, with Julie's help he positioned his penis between her tits and started moving up and down, while Julie get her lips in the tip of his cock.

Mike couldn't take it for long as he felt his balls churn and he shot hot globs of come into Julie's mouth and onto her chest. As he started to lose steam Julie repositioned herself and sucked all the remaining drops of come from him she could.

"That was amazing," said Mike.

"I don't want to be eaten to Mike, you better get that thing hard again cause I want you to fuck me. I want to feel you inside me."

The talk was having the desired effect as Mike's cock quickly started to regain its form, Julie continued to massage her clit hoping it would get Mike going again. Seeing him start to harden she led him out of the bathroom and into her bedroom.

"I know you're feeling a little worn out so just lay back and let me do the work for now."

Mike didn't need to verbalize his response, he just lay back on the bed with his now erect penis sticking straight up. Julie straddled him and slowly lowered herself onto his cock. She was wet from fingering herself, so it slid in easily. Julie slowly started off by just grinding herself into Mike, rocking back and forth. Mike couldn't believe how good her pussy felt as it gripped his penis while she moved back and forth and beautiful breasts bounced up and down.

Julie continued this way until she felt herself starting to build towards orgasm. She pulled herself off and told Mike she wanted him to do her from behind and she wanted it hard. She positioned herself so her ass was against his abdomen and Mike slid his cock back into her sopping pussy. He started pumping it into her, slowly at first but quickly gaining speed. Julie felt him driving into her and his balls smacking into her. Her eyes closed as the ecstasy of her orgasm rushed over her. Mike fucked her straight through her orgasm and felt himself starting to build towards a second orgasm. He told her he wanted to come again.

She stopped him and said, "I'm not getting pregnant today, but I love the feeling of a cock in my ass."

Mike didn't waste time pulling out of her pussy and starting to lower his shaft into the crack of her wonderful ass. He could feel the tightness of her hole as his head started to penetrate. Normally he wouldn't have fit, but his cock was lubricated by Julie's juices.

Slowly he worked himself into her tight ass. He rocked back and forth slowly bringing himself towards orgasm. Julie felt this and started to wiggle her ass around his cock increasing the sensations he felt. He pumped into her until his balls were emptied into her.

"Wow Julie, why don't we hang out more often?"

"Maybe we will."