 We discovered that e-mail is a fascinating way to explore fantasies online. The following is an e-mail exchange over six days, with each of us taking the fantasy to the next level. Estimated in real life, our fantasy would probably take 45 minutes. To us, the exchange became six days of delicious foreplay. 

* * * * *

Anne:

I hear a knock on the door and open it to reveal my friend Seb. We'd been friends for a while but had never dated...he was just my buddy. Lately I'd been fantasizing about him a bit and starting to view him in a different way. Today I noticed that he looked tired and a bit out of sorts.

"Hi Seb, come on it," I say, stepping back and letting him enter. "What's up with you today?"

Seb:

"Hi Anne. It's been a hellish day." I walk past her and throw myself on the couch. I had been lusting after Anne for months, but she didn't seem to be getting the message. After a terrible day at work, I had vowed to get some relief from the sexual tension I had been feeling since the work-related stress had no end in sight. I was going to walk in and be bold and demand her attentions. What was the worst that could happen? She would say no and laugh at me.

"I've wanted you for months. I want you to come over here and please me. After the day I had today, I just can't take it any longer. I want you right now," I say calmly, waiting to see Anne's response.

Anne:

Oh my, I can't believe what I'm hearing. What happened to Seb? This is too fucking weird, I think to myself. Wait a second; this is exactly the opening I've been wanting. Go for it, before he changes his mind and remembers that you're the pal he expects to support him every time he has a falling out with a girlfriend. Show him what a real woman can do.

I walk over to stand in front of Seb as he lounges on the couch, arms along the back of it, legs slightly spread. I tug my t-shirt from my jeans and up over my head. My jeans are the next to go, slowly pushed down over my hips, then kicked off to the side, leaving me standing in front of Seb in my bra and panties.

I watch his face as I remove my clothes and continue watching him as I stand there. I feel my nipples begin to harden under his gaze and know that they are clearly visible beneath the thin bra.

Seb:

I can't believe it I thought at best I might get a kiss and a cuddle, at worse a slap in the face and a friend in a shitty mood, instead she’s here in front of me, waiting for me. I can't remember a feeling of wanting someone so badly before.

I stand, pull my shirt off, too quickly, and lose a button in the process. Still not quite believing this I reach out and touch her, just lightly on the cheek, a gentle caress.

"You sure?" I ask. Her smile is all the answer I need.

I move closer, standing so close I feel the electricity of her skin tingling against mine.

Leaning down to her we kiss, not the kiss of friends but a deep searching longing kiss. Pulling her close I can feel her nipples tight and tense pressing into me, hard in contrast to the smoothness of her breasts. My hands slide around her back, feeling this body I have known so long and never had. Her bra strap is beneath my hands. I undo it and slide the straps off her shoulders. I want to taste the nipples, lick and suck them, kiss her breasts, have the sensation of the skin on mine. 

I step back to look at her, her body now almost totally naked. My hand goes to my belt and I undo it, pulling it free and drop it to the floor. My trousers follow is hasty succession.

Again I step close to her and kiss her deeply, this time cupping and holding her breasts, teasing her nipples to further hardness.

Anne:

Oh my god, what a body. How could I not have seen for so long? I'm dazed by the sexual energy coming from him. I raise my hands and place them over Seb's, pressing his hands to my breasts, rubbing the palms of his hands over my erect nipples.

I suck lightly on his tongue, trying to draw it deeper into my mouth. I release his tongue and stroke my own across his. I can't control the moan that comes from me, low and full of desire. I break our kiss and look up into Seb's eyes. 

"Here or in the bedroom?" I ask him quietly. I know that he can see the desire and need coming from my eyes.

Seb:

"Here, I want you here and now." I want her, have to have her, beneath me, me inside of her, her body rising and falling beneath me.

I drop to my knees in front of her and bury my head in her breasts sucking pulling her nipples with a passion.

My hands, of their own volition, slide down her body to her waist and insinuate themselves under the fabric of her panties. With a smooth motion I lower them down her legs revealing her full beauty.

I leave her breasts and kiss my way down her body. My lips feel the gentle down on her belly as my tongue traces gentle circles around her belly button.

I look up to her eyes to see the desire blazing in her. I breathe deeply smelling her perfume, the scent of her sex, so close to me.

Anne:

I run my fingers through Seb's hair, looking down at him as he kneels before me. "What do you think about my shaved pussy? I just did it a few weeks ago for the first time. It doesn't turn you off does it?" I ask nervously my words coming out in a rush.

I continue to run my hands through his hair, so dark against my skin as I wait on him to speak.

Seb:

"No," I reply, "it's wonderful."

I lick around her shaved pussy, the skin so smooth to touch its divine. Small gentle licks on either side of her lips, a slight flick across her Clitoris, feeling the shiver of her body as skin touches skin. I reach behind and cup her ass with my hands, pulling her pussy up to my lips. My tongue licks out and tastes her. Sliding slowly up her pussy gently forcing open her lips. Then moving up to circle her clitoris.

I lightly start sucking her clit into my mouth pulling it, teasing it to full hardness; my tongue flicking butterfly kisses across it.

Anne:

"Ohhhhhhh," I moan. Seb is the first to touch me since I shaved. "Oh god," I say, looking down at the top of his head.

My body is shivering at the sensations of his tongue and mouth on my bare pussy, my clit. I feel Seb's hands on my ass. 

"Seb, please," I moan. "Please stop, I'm going to collapse." My knees are shaking, my body trembling. Despite his hands supporting my ass, I feel as if I'm going to fall. I step back, Seb's mouth pulling away from my pussy, his hands falling from my ass. I move to the couch and sit, looking at him in amazement.

"Wow. Where have you been all my life?" I ask.

Seb:

She's mine I thought as I watched her naked body recline on the couch. Her sexuality was driving me as much wild as mine was her. Without bothering to rise I panther crawled across to her, a playful "grrrooooOOOwwwwlll" in the back of my throat.

I lay my head between her knees and started licking my way up her thighs to her pussy. My tongue traced a big wet circle around her opening while I massaged the inside of her thighs with my hands, her muscles responding to my touch causing her vagina lips to contract and open. Once more I licked deep into her. My tongue sliding smoothly into her, her body pulling it in. The tang of her juices filled my mouth, a taste to be savored.

My mouth took her, ravaged her, to put it crudely, fucked her.

Anne:

Hands gripping the edge of the couch, my body tense...oh my god. I feel his tongue fucking me. My body is shaking; I feel an orgasm overtake me suddenly. I push my pussy harder into Seb's face, throbbing, aching, my eyes squeezed closed.

As my orgasm subsides, I look down at him, then pull his face up and kiss him passionately.

Seb:

My god, what a sensation...The taste the feel of her as she came, I almost felt it myself, she has got me so hot. We kiss, she licks and sucks her own sex from my lips and mouth. I respond with equal vigour. The sexual tension in me is building so high, I must have her.

I reach down and slide my pants off. My erection is so hard it almost hurts. I move over her. Kissing her with more passion than before I lower my body down to hers, my cock rubbing against her pussy. With a small thrust I enter her and slide slowly inside until I fill her. The sensations on my cock are indescribable; her body pulls me in until I can go no further. I lie on top totally immersed in her.

Anne:

Ohhhhhhh. The feeling of his cock sliding into my pussy is almost too much. My body opens to him, receiving, accepting, wanting. My eyes have drifted closed as he entered me. I can feel him over me, his body pressed against mine.

I raise my arms and slide my hands over his shoulders, down his back, caressing him. My legs lift and wrap around his hips, pulling him harder against me.

"Seb.... I can't believe we're here," I say quietly.

I squeeze my pussy muscles, gripping him, feeling his hardness in me. My hips start to lift involuntarily, pushing up against him, seeking relief.

"Please," I whisper. "Please."

Seb:

I wrap my arms around her, not quite believing what we are doing and how it feels. I pull her tightly against me just luxuriating in the feel of body against mine, my sex in hers. 

As she lifts her hips up to me I feel a sensation of extreme pleasure ripple through her body into mine. My cock, encased in her pussy is all I can feel now, every contour and texture of her baring down on it.

My hands slide down and cup her ass, lifting her higher, allowing me to penetrate deeper into her. I squeeze her buttocks, enjoying the warm sensation of her skin. 

I spend a moment in the joy of the feeling then slowly, slowly start to pull my hips back. My cock slides smoothly back, tracing the pleasure of her pussy along its length, then with equal restraint to move forward again, encasing my cock in her pussy. I gasp as I feel her once more fully encase me, her pussy gripping me and squeezing me tightly. Again I withdraw, slightly faster, the desire overrides my self control and I must fuck her.

"Anne, I can't believe we have never done this before" I gasp, my breath hot and drawn making the words and sibilant whisper.

Anne:

My eyes closed, my mind in tune with my body and his, I hear Seb whisper to me. I open my eyes, lids heavy and meet his gaze.

"Seb, please, fuck me right now, I can't wait any longer," I whisper. I feel his hands squeeze my ass again as he lifts me higher against him. He thrusts into my pussy, his balls slapping against me. He pulls back almost all the way out of me, and then slams his cock back into me.

Groaning, I breathe out a "Yes!" as he fucks me harder, his hands holding me in position to receive his cock. My body is on fire for him.

I pull Seb's face to mine and kiss him -- my lips wet and open over his mouth, our tongues twining.

Seb:

Her kiss pulls me even deeper into her. I am totally lost in her body and the desire for her she has ignited in me. 

My hips thrust into her harder and faster -- my cock penetrating her up to my balls with every thrust. She moves her legs further up, until they rest against my shoulders. I squeeze and fondle her ass even more, allowing my fingers to caress her bud and then up to the skin beneath her pussy. I feel her slick and wet from her juices. Her pussy lips stretched around my cock.

I kiss her lips, her chin, the front of her neck then move around to devour the curve of her neck and shoulder, biting gently as the feeling of fire running through my body starts to seep back over me. I look down into her eyes, mirroring my own lust and desire. The thrusting of my cock builds in intensity and speed, she lifts herself up to meet me on every down stroke, her clitoris grinding into the base of my cock, inflaming us both even more.

Anne:

"Seb.....ohhhhhh," I moan. My body is out of control, my hips rising to meet his every thrust. The feel of his hands on me, the biting at my neck, the knowledge that finally we are together is driving me wild.

I watch his eyes as I start to orgasm; the delicious throbbing begins to overtake me. "Seb, oh god," I whisper. His cock continues to pound into me, taking me higher.

Seb: 

"Anne, yes that’s it, come, come with me inside you" I stare into her eyes seeing the orgasm take her and control her. Her pussy is spasming and contracting around my cock, trying to devour it.

I kiss her passionately on the lips; she bites mine as the ecstasy engulfs her. I savor the slight tingle of pain.

With a quick movement I withdraw from her, she gasps in disappointment, only to change it to another orgasmic gasp of pleasure as I bury my tongue deep within her pussy, lapping and sucking all the juices, feeling her orgasm into my mouth. My hand reaches under her and with my middle finger I trace small circles around her ass, coating it in her own juice. With a smooth motion I carefully slide the tip of my finger into her ass, just up to the tip of the finger. Feeling the spasms of her pussy through her ass. I slowly and gently massage the smooth skin just at the opening.

With my mouth, now covered in her juices, I kiss her clitoris, small tender kisses to keep her sensations coming without becoming too intense.

Anne:

I slowly become aware of my surroundings, the gentle soft kisses on my clit, Seb's finger rubbing me. Dazed, I look down at him and softly call his name "Seb." When he looks up at me, I meet his eyes and gaze helplessly at him. "How did you do that?"

Not waiting on his answer, I continue, "I want to give you the same pleasure, please. What can I do for you?"

I stroke my hand down his face and cup his chin, staring into his eyes and waiting for his response.

Seb: "Just rest for a moment, get your strength back" I smile up at her. Unwrapping my self from her legs I gently roll her over onto her side, facing away from me, and lie down beside her. My arms wrap around her, I cup her breasts in my hands and pull myself closer to her.

My cock, now imbued with a life of its own, slides between her thighs and nuzzles her pussy. I slowly pull myself close to her. My cock slides into her, her moistness allowing it to enter her with ease.

I feel her push her ass back into me; a small moan escapes her lips as she forces me deeper into her. The angle of entry creates a whole new sensation for both of us. I start a slow grind of my hips, the feeling bringing pleasure us both.

Her neck is so inviting, I brush her hair aside and kiss the back of it. Nuzzling hers, taking small playful nips at her. "Anne, you liking this?" I ask, her body already answering me.

Anne:

"Seb, I think I've died and gone to heaven," I say as I start to shiver in reaction to his attention to my neck.

I feel his body nestled against mine, large and warm. I start to breath in time with the movement of his chest behind me. We take slow deep breaths as he grinds his cock against me. The sensations are driving me crazy. Our breathing begins to quicken.

I slide my hand down to my pussy and stroke the folds. I feel Seb's cock in me. I stroke my fingers against his cock, just to feel him. I squeeze my pussy around him, rhythmically matching our breathing. My fingers return to my clit, stroking it briefly. I lift my hand to my mouth and taste, then extend my fingers over my shoulder to Seb.

"This is what you do to me," I say.

Seb:

Her fingers run across my lips and once again I taste the sweetness of her sex. It arouses me again; she keeps driving me wild, how could we have not noticed this before about each other.

The caress of her fingers on my cock brings up a deeper desire and wanting.

I roll her onto her front, my cock still deep within her. I lie on top, astride her, her legs pressed together, mine pinning her down on either side. My hands hold her breasts still.

The feeling on my cock is now sensational, her legs being together tightens her pussy even more around my cock. I thrust down, my cock sliding between her thighs and deep into her.

I feel her grind down, her clitoris rubbing against the fabric beneath us. With that thrust I feel a familiar, but somehow different intensity rising in my cock. This is a physical desire at a new level; I haven't felt this intense need in a long time.

I start to build a rhythm which she matches, her ass rising to meet my down stroke, her breath as mine, short and hot, small moans of desire and delight escape from both our lips.

"Anne," I gasp, the intensity of feeling almost breaking my voice "I must have you, I must cum with you."

Anne:

"Please Seb, please.... this time," I gasp out. The feeling of his cock in me, his body pushing me down, rubbing me against the fabric is almost too much.... almost too intense to bear.

I feel his hands on my breasts, squeezing as he strokes into me. I can't control the movements of my ass as it rises to meet him. Seb is around me, over me, in me, surrounding me. I squeeze my eyes closed, my mind and body focused on him and the sensations he gives me.

My pussy is grasping his cock as he tries to pull away, the friction and pull on my pussy making my juices flow even more. "Harder, please Seb. Fuck me harder."

I bury my head in my arms, breathing jerkily, my body being pushed and moved by his. Moaning as my clit is rubbed harder against the fabric. My thighs tighten a bit around his cock, then release to allow him to move as he wishes.

"Seb...I'm going to come...sooooon," I force the words past my lips. I feel my orgasm getting closer and closer as his body moves over me.

Seb:

Her words drive me over the edge....

As I thrust faster and harder, deep inside her I feel it.....the need for release is too strong now, the desire within too intense. As I arch my back and press down into her I start to come, my whole body tense, all my sensation focused in my orgasm. I start to throb, feeling her contract around me, my balls tighten and I start to come.

"Oh god YES Ann, I'm coming," my voice is strained as all the muscles in my body quiver in delight.

My cum erupts into her, filling her. I can no longer move, all I can do is press hard against her and hold her to me. I feel her start to cum also, my orgasm triggering hers, she spasms and writhes under me, we are both entwined in one, searing devouring moment of pleasure.

Ann:

I feel him pounding his cock into me...then his body tenses, his cock throbbing within me. He presses hard into me...no movement except the throbbing of his cock as he comes. The feeling of his cock and the pressure of the fabric against my pussy pushes me over the edge. I grind down against the fabric, my orgasm throbbing through me...I hold my breath as it washes over me in waves.

As his orgasm and mine subside, he collapses onto me. I feel his head next to mine and turn, kissing him passionately. My tongue diving into his mouth, I move my lips over his, biting at him, wanting to climb inside him.

After long minutes, our kiss slows and finally ends. I look into his eyes. "Seb, we have to do this again, today, now," I whisper. "We've wasted so much time."