 If, for some reason, you feel offended by sexual stories, then I don't know why you have opened this one. Maybe to be offended, so you can complain about how awful it is that somebody writes stuff like this. If that's the case, my advice is to seek professional help. You need it. If you are not allowed to read stories like this, I will not be held responsible, if you choose to continue. But don't worry, it's all fantasy.

This and most of my stories would have been a mess of spelling errors and grammatical rubbish, had it not been for Old Rotorhead and Cagey. I'm very thankful for their patient work and encouragement.

I spend a lot of time, writing my stories, which I like very much. I also spend a lot of time, editing and correction my stories, which I hate. But it has to be done, if you are going to read an understandable and reasonably consistent story. My only reward is the letters I get from the people reading my stories. That could be you! If you liked the story, then feel free to tell me so. If you thought it could have been better, please let me know as well. 

(c) Henrik Larsen 2001.

Reposting or any other use is strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of the copyright holder. E-mail me, I'll probably give you permission. I just want to know and control where it is posted. This story may be posted as part of a review or to the ASSM archive.

Old friends.

I'd taken Friday off to do a little Christmas shopping. It was so difficult to find something for my parents and my brother and I usually needed a lot of time to look. Even though I did spend a lot of time looking, inspiration never hit me until after visiting shop no. 117. I had found something for mom, decided to give my dad the usual bottle of Single Malt that he probably preferred instead of the usual new tie, but I was desperate for a good idea for my brother. It was then she tapped me on the shoulder. My day was about to take an interesting turn.

'Hi John. Hadn't expected to see you here.'

I recognised the voice even before I turned around. It was Tina. We'd had a six month explosive relationship some ten years ago and ended up fighting like cats and dogs for the last three months. We simply couldn't live together, but for some strange reason, we were still good friends, even though we didn't see each other very often. Maybe that was the reason. 

'Hi Tina. How's everything?'

'Fairly good, thank you. And how about you?' She asked.

'Nothing new, really. Same job, same apartment, same problem finding Christmas presents for the family. Found something for mom and dad, but I'm all out of ideas when it comes to Peter. Got an idea?'

'An electric nose hair trimmer. Just what every bachelor needs,' Tina replied with a grin, picking up a strange looking item next to me. 

'Sorry, but he's not a bachelor any more. The poor chap got married in May,' I replied.

'Well, now. Then I think you should give his wife some sexy underwear. I'm sure he will appreciate it,' Tine quickly replied. She was usually never short of an answer. 

'God Tina! You know I'm no good at buying clothes. You know sizes and all. "How big are her breasts? Oh well a good handful",' I joked.

My thoughts were suddenly drifting, thinking back at how good Tina looked in very little and how long it had been since I'd had sex.

'Considering the size of your hands, I'd say something like a B-cup. How come you grope your sister-in-laws tits?' Tina grinned.

'Alas, even though she is a real foxy little thing, I haven't had the chance. I'm just dreaming,' I said, trying to sound as innocent as possible.

'I take it you're still a happy bachelor?' Tine asked, casually.

'I am. I don't know how happy I am. Work seems to be taking all my spare time and it is seriously affecting my social life. At the current rate, I'll die as a young, wealthy bachelor,' I joked. 'And I guess you're still with Harold?'

'Actually no. He suddenly jumped out of the closet and proclaimed that he was gay and had met this gorgeous man, who turned out to be a 25 years old bodybuilder. I gather he's walking around in the kitchen dressed as a French maid,' Tina said.

'You're joking, right?' I said, even though I had a fleeing suspicion she wasn't. 

'Yeah, he's probably not dressed as a French maid. But apart from that, I'm not. Maybe I should have become suspicious, when he invited me to a drag show or when he always wanted me to do it anally. Maybe if I had let him, he would have stayed straight,' Tina said dryly.

'Did he listen to Liberacy as well?' I said and added, 'Sorry, not funny,' when I saw the tired expression on her face. 

'Arh, it's ok. I'm over it now. It's 8 month, three days, six hours and 16 minutes since I kicked him out,' she grinned. 

'Did he do it just like that or did he lurk around a little first? I mean, is there a risk that he picked up something and passed it on? You can't be too careful about that sort of thing. Aids and all, you know?' I asked. I mean, you hear so much and there was justification for worrying.

'No. I've been tested,' Tina replied.

'So, what are you doing here,' I asked, trying to switch to a less sensitive subject.

'Nothing much. I work on the other side of the street and planned to buy a few essentials on my lunch break. Which means I have to run now. Are you doing anything tonight?' Tina asked.

'Nothing whasoever,' I replied.

'How about bringing a bottle of wine over to my place? I'll make dinner and we can bore each other to death instead of doing it on our own.'

'Sounds like a great idea. Where do you live nowadays?' I inquired.

'Here's my card. Seven o'clock?'

'I'll be there. White or red? No, never mind, I'll get one of each. See you.'

Tina was already on her way out of the shop. 

I was a little unsure when I got to the address she had given me. It was an office building in an industrial neighbourhood, mostly occupied by smaller companies. It didn't look like a place anybody would live. At seven Friday night, the place looked deserted. I double checked the address on Tina's business card, but it was the address marked as "Private". 

The label on the door phone said "TT enterprises". I tried it and to my relief, I heard Tina's voice.

'Right on time, dinner is ready. Hurry up here!'

The elevator delivered me to the fifth floor and Tina greeted me at the door.

'Are you living here? And what is "TT Enterprises"?' I said as we sat down at the dinner table.

'Well, Harold owned the house and I couldn't find an apartment. Technically, I'm living with my parents and this apartment is owned by "TT Enterprises". It's a company designed to work up a debt. I sell the company to somebody in need of a tax reduction and they pass the lease for the apartment on to a new company,' Tina said and added, 'It's a little more complicated than that, but you get the picture.'

'Slightly immoral, but probably legal. Nice place though,' I said and looked around in the tastefully furnished apartment.

'A little immoral, but what does a girl do, when she needs an apartment?' Tina said, sounding very, very innocent.

'Yeah, I know. I seem to recall similar problems a long time ago,' I replied, referring to our breakup years ago, but I smiled as I said it.

'Ever wondered why it never worked out?' Tina asked.

'I have, but I've never really been able to sort it out. It all seemed so perfect, until I moved in with you. I've come to the conclusion that we weren't cut out for living together. Deep, isn't it?'

'Real deep. Must be you. I managed to live with Harold for eight years,' Tina grinned.

'I guess you're right. I would never have been able to live with a closet fairy for eight years,' I replied sharply.

'It's . . . kind of difficult to be alone, all of a sudden. Where does someone like me go to get a date? Where do you go?'

'I can't remember. I was dating a girl I'd met on my holidays some time ago, but I wasn't joking when I said that work was killing off my social life. Come to think of it, it's almost two years ago that I stopped dating her,' I said.

'Christ, it must be a little lonely. Nothing on the side, no one-nighters?' Tina asked, casually.

'No. Haven't really got the time and energy to run around all the time, trying to pick up some chick. Besides, my right hand never starts an argument and it never has a headache,' I replied.

Speaking our minds, sexually, had been one of the things that had made our relationship so good, while it lasted. The frankness had made it so much easier to have a good sex life together and sometimes it even added an extra dimension. 

'And it's always there when you need it,' Tina added. 'But my right hand and a carrot demand a lot of my imagination in making up for the real thing.' 

'You're getting the message across. You need to get laid, right?' I grinned, knowing her well enough to know that she wouldn't be offended. 'I gather you're still dancing. Can't you find a young dancer to help you out?'

Tina had wanted to be a classic ballet dancer, but as she grew up, her body grew "out of proportion", as they put it in the ballet school. Mind you, I found her proportions very appealing, but then again, I never understood the first thing about ballet, despite Tina's attempts to teach me about it. In other words, her arse and tits were too big to become a ballet dancer, but she still loved dancing and had kept it up.

'No, they're all faggots and those who aren't, are already spoken for,' she said dryly, 'and I'm no good at one night stands.'

'No, I guess not,' I replied. 

I don't think Tina's sexual needs were particularly special, but she did need a lot of time and effort to come. She was special in the way that she was the only girl I had ever met who could have more than one orgasm. I had often continued to stimulate her after she had come and if she was in the right mood, she could get several smaller orgasms, before it became too much for her. On top of that, she usually only required little preparation time, before she was ready for the next major orgasm. She was also the only girl that had been able to make me come more than once the same night. Fond memories filled my mind.

'As far as I remember, we used to be pretty good together,' Tina continued.

'That is the way I remember it too. But after all these years, who knows? Maybe we are even better now,' I said.

'We'll never know, unless we put it to the test,' Tina said, sounding really technical.

'You're right. I mean, it would be a pity not to at least try,' I said in the same tone. 'So, do you feel up to it?'

'It so happens that I'm extraordinary horny today. I grew tired of the carrot months ago and right now, I really need to get laid. How about you?' Tina asked. 

She was beginning to have difficulties, keeping up the technical appearance.

'The food tastes great, but I certainly wouldn't mind eating you instead. Actually, I think I would prefer it,' I answered. 

'Well, be my guest. Get it while it's hot,' Tina said, no longer sounding technical, just horny. 

I wiped my mouth on the serviette and got up. Tina sure looked good enough to eat. 

'We'd better clear the table,' I said, still keeping up appearances. 

'No, you can have the dessert at the conference table in the board room,' she said and opened the door to an adjacent room, equipped with a large table and comfortable looking leather chairs. 'It came with the lease and I've never known what to use it for.'

'It's the perfect place to enjoy a sweet dessert,' I said, 'and I think I'd prefer to preparing the dish myself.'

I walked up behind her and took the hem of her blouse and began to ease it up. Tina willingly raised her arms as if she was doing a pirouette. Underneath, she had a very flimsy bra, hardly capable of containing her tits. It was so tempting just to grab them, but I had planned a different strategy, which I knew would work out much better.

I gently kissed her neck and shoulders, then turned her around and kissed the exposed skin of her chest and stomach. Tina shivered in sweet anticipation. She loved a slow start. I made sure to kiss every square inch of her tits, not covered by her bra. Tina put her hand on the back of my head, trying to pull me closer, but I gently removed her hand. I was going to tease her slowly, no matter how horny she was.

When I felt I had spent enough time on her tits and stomach, I took her skirt off. Her knickers matched her bra, and, when I turned her around, I was delighted to see that they only just covered half her lovely buttocks. 

My light kisses on her buttocks made her shiver and raised goose bumps all over her body. I continue a little down her thighs before I turned her around again and kissed the front of her thighs as close to her crotch as her knickers permitted. The fragrance of her arousal was so lovely and I could feel the moist heat from her crotch on my cheeks. 

She had already kicked off her shoes and she wasn't wearing any stockings. All that remained was her bra and knickers. I stood up and admired her well conditioned body. 

'You look so incredibly sexy. Somehow, I think you planned this,' I said.

'I did have a vague idea about what might happen,' Tina admitted, 'You know, "be prepared".'

'Oh yes. If only it had been like that when I was a Boy Scout,' I replied.

Tina had taken advantage of my temporary distraction and unbuttoned my shirt. She swiftly pulled it off, before I once again remembered what I was doing. Her bra clasped in the front and even though I hated bra clasps, I manage to get it open on first try. Tina's lovely tits literary fell out of the diminutive bra. Maybe they were a little less prominent than they had been ten years ago, but they were still gorgeous. 

Her nipples were already standing out, looking like raspberries on top of a blancmange; in other words, ready to eat. I made an exception and went directly for the kill, sucking in Tina's left nipple and chewing it lightly. 

'Yessss, suck it,' Tina moaned.

Again, she put her hands on my head and pressing my face into her soft breast. I removed her hands again and let go of her nipple.

'Easy now. You'll get your chance to set the pace later,' I said. 

'Just go on then. I'm so horny and I want to be a really naughty girl tonight,' she moaned and pinched her nipples impatiently. 

'It does look very naughty when you play with your nipples, but wouldn't it be better if you let me take over?'

'Yesss pleeeease.'

I took her nipples between my fingers and squeezed them lightly, gradually increasing the pressure. Tina didn't get of on bondage or S&M or anything like that, but she loved it when I gradually squeezed her nipples harder and harder and then let go all of a sudden. Her nipples were very succulent and I think it was the feeling of the blood returning that gave her the kick.

'Squeeze them . . . harder . . . yeeees . . . more,' Tina moaned.

The trick was to increase the pressure very slowly to avoid hurting her. It took some time, before my thumb and index finger had closed in as hard as I dared. Then I released them.

'OHHHHHH,' Tina moaned loud and threw her head back. 

Her nipples became swollen and very red. I knew from experience that they also got much more sensitive. I sucked them lightly, one at a time, for a few seconds each, prompting Tina to moan loudly again. It was time to move on.

As her knickers were tugged down over her shapely buttocks, I realised that the auburn patch of pubic hair she'd had before was all gone. Her crotch was a bare as the day she was born. 

'Ah, I see you have a new habit,' I said, admiring her neatly shaved crotch. 'Spread a little and let me see how it looks.'

'I got a little carried away, while I was waiting for you to arrive. Do you like it?' Tina asked and spread her legs for me to see her lips. 

'It looks very sexy and there'll be no hair in my dessert. Wonderful!' I said and licked my lips.

She turned round and bent over with her legs a few inches apart. Even though her outer lips were swollen and puffy, they couldn't cover her inner lips in that position. They were also swollen and glistening with her juices, peaking out between the red, freshly shaven lips. 

Now that she was standing in that position, I began with her back, kissing her buttocks. She purred and wriggled her arse a little, trying to make me kiss her pussy as well, but to no avail. Turning her around, I kissed her hips and continued over the top of her pussy. Tina spread her legs a little more. I kissed my way down the inner part of her left thigh and up her right thigh. 

Finally, I was at the primary target for both of us. I let my tongue trail over her outer lips, feeling how closely she had shaved. She had done a really thorough job of it. I almost regretted she had done it before I arrived. It could have been very arousing to see or even participate in that event. 

Tina moaned impatiently as I continued to kiss and lick her outer lips lightly. I stopped and looked up at her. It was a really sexy view I had from down between her legs: Her swollen, bare lips, her heavy tits and her face, all expressing sighs of arousal. 

'Do you want to be really naughty,' I asked her.

'Yes,' she sighed.

'Lean against the table and spread your lips for me. Show me how wet you are,' I said smoothly. 

Tina gave me a horny look and stepped backwards. She leaned against the table, spreading her legs wide. With one hand, she spread the outer lips while the other parted the delicate inner lips. 

'See? See how wet I am,' she panted. 

Her fingers manipulated the inner lips, exposing her big clit. 

'Here's your dessert. Come on. Lick it, chew it,' she commanded, trying to take control.

'It really does look ripe. Does it taste as good as it looks?' I asked.

Tina licked her lips very sensually and let a finger slide down through her slit and dipped it in the well. Then she offered it to me. I licked it like I would lick a piece of asparagus, slowly sucking the juices from her finger. 

'Uhmmm, delicious,' I said.

'Then come and get it,' she said and showed an example of her very flexible body, lifting her right leg up parallel with her chest. In a strange way, this kind of performance was very sexy, not so much because it looked sexy, but because it was unusual and because she was so open, so exposed. 

I knelt in front of her and licked the outstretched skin between her pussy and tiny, crinkled rosebud. I remembered it was very sensitive when she spread herself this way. My tongue moved upwards, drilling into her vagina before I closed my lips around her engorged clit. 

'Yeeess, eat me,' Tina moaned. 

I did, for as long as she was able to stay in that acrobatic position, which was about a minute. Much to her own dismay, she had to bring her leg down. She also almost pulled me up from my kneeling position.

'My turn now. You have much too many clothes on,' she said and proceeded to unbuckle my belt. She wasn't quite as ceremonious about undressing me as I had been, undressing her. Within a few seconds, she had pulled down my trousers and briefs. Kneeling in front of me, she pulled my socks off as well. It had always been her opinion that a man with socks on, and nothing else, was absolutely unsexy. 

She stayed down there and looked up at me or rather, at my hard cock. 

'You should consider shaving your balls,' she said, thoughtful. 

'I'm not very keen on playing with a razorblade down there. It could seriously jeopardise my future as a father,' I replied.

'Ah, still using an electric shaver, right? A lot has happened since the open razor. We'll take care of that some other time,' Tina said.

She proceeded to run the tip of her tongue up the shaft. My foreskin still covered most of the head and she stopped before she reached the exposed part. Slowly, she licked the foreskin all around the head. I could feel her hot breath. She stopped and looked at it. The exposed part of the head was wet from the precum I'd already produced. Moving closer again, she began to lick around the rim of my foreskin, licking the precum off. She finished off by darting her tongue into the tiny hole from which the precum oozed. It felt almost painfully good. 
