 Xan and Carl were old friends. Back 10 years ago, they saw each other almost everyday, on campus. But life has its way of moving things along. Both are today happily married - to someone else. But there was a time, it might have been, could have been; but the time is long gone.

Carl looked at Xan as they say across the table at the cafe, "You still look good." Which was true. After all these years.

"Don't say it just to please me," Xan answered. But they both knew, she liked the compliment. She always did.

"So, when are we going to bed?" Carl asked. This same question that has been asked since they left school. Always in jest. Sometimes in hope.

"Awww... you have a beautiful wife already! Besides, this sex thing is way over-rated!"

"That is the point! Give me a chance to show you it is NOT!" Carl countered.

Always in jest. Usually hopeless. Yet, Carl persisted each time, hoping, waiting. But then, he was disappointed. This time, as before, it ended with nothing. Yet, he hoped.

Several months later, there they were again, at the cafe, drinking coffee and chatting. Xan still looked great. But something seem to be different. Carl felt it, but he could not quite identify it.

"So, when are we going to bed?" Carl asked.

"Awww... you have a beautiful wife already! Besides, this sex thing is way over-rated!"

"That is the point! Give me a chance to show you it is NOT!" Carl countered.

She looked at him. "It is over-rated. I know. I am no virgin, you know."

But somehow, Carl realised that there was more to this. He knew Van, Xan's husband, he was no stud, but was he a dud?

"But you know, it is different. With different people. Sex is an experience. Its not just about love. Sometimes, you need something more."

"Yeah? Like what!?" Xan was a little incredulous.

"Like skill, like knowledge, like hot, burning passion. Like the need to give you the greatest pleasure you ever had. Like what I feel for you."

Xan looked taken aback. She never really thought of it this way. Sure, she had a crush on Carl. But that was YEARS ago. Its gone, dead. Yes, she still found him attractive, but passion? Need?

Carl plucked up his courage and took her hand. Very softly, he continued, "Give me a chance. You know you like me, I like you. We are both adults, we do not want to jeopardise what we already have. Yet, is there something more?" He paused to gauge her reaction.

"Can't we share some passion? Is it so hard to imagine that we can achieve levels of orgasms that you have only dreamed of?"

There was silence. But Carl could see the flush on her cheeks. It could have been embarassment, but her quickened, shallow breaths told him that it was more than that.

Slowly, he stood and offered his hand. She tooked it and followed him. A little dazed, bemused. Why would she follow him? They hardly spoke a word. He guided her across the street, to a nice hotel. Quickly, he got a room. At this point, Xan realised what she was about to do.

"Xan, let us give it this one shot. Let's go up to the room. If at anytime you want to stop, we will. But let us not regret this moment passing us by, never knowing."

The two friends, years of friendship, tottering on the brink of a volcanoe that might be the end of them both. In the room, they were finally alone. 

"What do we do now?" Xan asked.

"Nothing. We do not need to do anything." Carl smiled. "Let us just enjoy each other's company."

They sat on the bed and talked. Nothing unusual, yet, the setting was so different from what they were used to. Each could sense the under-currents. Carl finally leaned forward and kissed her lightly on her lips. He heard her gasp as he pulled back. Moving closer, he whispered "Was it bad? Can I make it worse?"

She smiled. He kissed her again, lingering a little longer. Now, he started to plant small kisses on her lips, willing her to respond. His lips sealed hers, as he sought to deepend the kiss. She kissed him back, causing his aching cock to leap in anticipation. Gently, he traced his tongue around her lips, kissing and softly sucking on those luscious lips.

Finally, the penetration. As his tongue pushed inwards, she relented and opend her mouth to welcome him. It seemed to open a flood-gate for her, as her arms clamped tightly around his neck. She was the aggressor now, her tongue demanding, stroking his and exploring the insides of his mouth. Carl moved his hands up to stroke her breasts. He could feel the warm, softness, just begging to be caressed. As the kiss went on, his fingers moved to undo her buttons.

She gasped and broke the kiss. Carl did not stop as his nimble fingers inexorably moved from one button to the next. As he reach the last button, he stopped and looked at her. Without speaking, he again capture her mouth in a hot, wet kiss. As his tongue entered her mouth, he undid the last button, exposing her beautiful breasts in a nice lacy bra. The bra had to go. Carl unclipped it and slid it off her shoulders. She was a little shy. But he lifted her hands away, gently, and kissed her again.

She shivered as she felt breasts naked against him. Carl quickly removed his own shirt, all the while kissing and caressing her. Never letting her body be left without his touch. As he finally crushed her breasts to his chest, he knew that this was worth the wait.

He pushed her down onto the bed, lying beside her, kissing her face, her neck, and his hands caressing her breasts. Her erect nipples were aching from need. He trailed kisses down her neck, slowly savouring her smell and the softness of her skin. He licked a fiery trail down the slopes of her breasts. 

Meanwhile, his hands were busy exploring her thighs. Slowly, he stroked her thighs as he inched his way up her skirt. Just as his mouth enclosed a nipple, she arched her back up, her hands pressing his face tightly to her; and his hands reached her hot sex.

He felt her pussy lips through the thin cloth of the panty. His fingers slowly traced them. She started to moan a little louder now. Then, his fingers slipped under the elastic and stroked her wet lips below. He kissed her again, his tongue penetrating her mouth, as his finger pushed into her wet sex. She was moaning now, clutching at him helplessly as she felt her passions rising.

As he sucked her breasts, his hands were busy removing his own clothes. Before she realised, Carl was lying naked next to her, his fingers buried in her pussy, his mouth on her breasts. He kissed his way down, lifting up the skirt, he covered her pussy with his mouth and sucked at it through the cloth of her panties.

"You will get them all wet!" she gasped. 

Too late, they were already wet. But Carl removed them, always the gentleman. And his tongue finally tasted her. He took her hands and guided them towards his aching cock. As he sucked and licked her, she caressed him. He undid her skirt and eased it off her, finally seeing her fully naked. But he did not waste too much time admiring. He preferred to taste her. As he dived back between her legs, he moved to straddle her head, encouraging her to take him in her mouth too. She did.

10 years of longing, the hunger was great. They each feasted on the other's body. Not wanting to stop, yet needing more.

Carl turned around, and kissed her again. He positioned himself between her thighs. He stopped and looked at her. No words. But he could see. Her eyes. Her slightly parted mouth. Slowly, he pushed his cock into her cunt. The heat shocked him. She trembled as she felt the head of his penis enter her. He filled her well. She knew then that this would be an orgasm to die for. As he slid his entire length into her body, he pushed his tongue deep into her mouth, completely joined, as close to being one as possible. They stayed that way for a while, savouring the pulsing, erotic pleasure that seemed to emanate from their joined sex.

Then he moved. He started to pump in and out of her. Xan was moaning again. She egged him on. She gasped. She begged him to move faster, harder. Then she grabbed his butt and pulled him against her. Hard. Each thrust bringing out a gasp. She was moaning, almost screaming.

"I'm cumming!" she cried.

"Go! Cum! I want to see you feel it!" Carl pumped faster, and more furiously, the woman trashing around beneath him spurred him to superhuman feats. He held on. He will NOT cum. Yet. He moved hard against her as he felt her orgasm. Wave after wave racking her body, he could feel the liquid flowing out from her, soaking his balls, soaking the sheets, and still, he continued to ram into her.

She was keening in esctasy, and he knew that he could not hold back, his cock demanded release as it plunged into her hot sex. He took her ankles and lifter her legs high. He draped them around his neck and plunged in, deeper. His cock was bursting, he needed this. He was coming! It was glorious. 

As he collasped on top of her, he realised that he was still hard. But he had no more energy to do anything about it. He kissed her.

"So, sex is under-rated huh?"

Xan looked at him, and he felt her squeeze his cock with her inner muscles. He was ready to fuck her again. She knew it. She smiled.

"Let's rate it again," she said.