 I have known Nichole "Nikki" for almost 20 years. She joined our department shortly after getting her college degree. She had been working and going to school, so she was maybe 24. She had married Robert when she was 19, and he was 32. They choose not to have a family. For them, their pets were their family. She made no secret that Robert had had a vasectomy. 

Nikki was pretty average physically. Average height, weight, long black hair and nice blue eyes completed the picture. She had a very nice set of legs, although her thighs were a little thick, and over the years her ass widened. But you really could not think of her as heavy. For me her best physical trait was her smallish breasts. I have always been a sucker for small tits. A pair of 44DDs did little for me, but a nice pair if 34B's or C's could start my engine. I never thought it would take me were it did. Although, I was single, and six years older, since she was married, I never seriously considered the idea of anything ever occurring.

After a few years in our department, she transferred out. Since we still worked in the same building, we often ran into each other. As all of our co-workers moved on, through transfers, retirement, or leaving the company, Nikki and I would try to have lunch about twice a year to just keep up, and discuss all our mutual friends.

Over the years, the office had become more and more casual. So sweatshirts and jeans replaced her blouses and skirts. We had scheduled one of our lunches on what turned out to be a rather warm day. Nikki was wearing a sleeveless blouse, with buttons down the front. At some time during our meal, I became aware there were two buttons open, and I had a full view of one of her bra cups. I was mesmerized. She finally noticed what was distracted me and corrected it. I probably turned red. 

On the way back to the office she casually said, "Did you enjoy the show?" and let out a big laugh. I did not reply, but just blushed again, making her laugh even more.

Nikki had transferred into an area that allowed her to move into management. She had also found a way to get an office, although it was in the middle of the building, and had no windows. Shortly after retuning to my desk, the phone rang. 

All I heard was, "I have a meeting at 2, if you would like another peek, come by before then." 

"Ahhh, Okay." was all I could reply. 

I looked at my clock; it was 1:10. I double-checked my schedule and found that I was free all afternoon. I strolled down the hall to the men's room. I had trouble taking a pee with a hard-on, but was finally successful. As I approached Nikki's door, it was ajar about six inches. I could hear her on the phone. I lightly tapped. 

I heard, "Come on in, and close the door." 

Nikki had a strangely arranged office. The door was in the corner, but opened into the middle of the room. So, you had to walk around the door to get in or out.

I quietly entered, and shut the door then sat down at a table near the door. Nikki's desk faced the wall so her back was towards the door and me. As she continued her phone conversation she slowly turned her chair around to face me. She had a big smile. Then I noticed why. Her blouse was unbuttoned clear to her waist; revealing cleavage all the way down to her waist. This meant she had removed her bra sometime after we returned. 

Her phone conversation ended with, "We can discuss this with the group at 2. Talk to you then. Bye."

She turned back to hang-up the phone, then turned back to me, leaning slightly forward placing her elbows on her thighs. This allowed me to see just a little more of each breast as she spoke. 

"Alan" she said. "This is not the first time I have noticed you looking at me, and I've always been flattered, and somewhat aroused. So, I just decided to give you a nice view." 

With that she removed her blouse. I must have looked like a 15 year old seeing is first boob, because Nikki started giggling. After a minute she spoke again. 

"Listen, Robert and I had a great sex life for many years, but for the last 14 months he as been impotent. The doctors cannot figure out why. So, what happened at lunch really got me exited. Plus, I must admit, I have often wondered what you carried around in those pants." 

I finally was able to break my stare at her slightly swaying boobs and look her in the eye.

"Here's my offer", she continued, "If you'll get undressed, so will I." 

I sat for a long moment before replying. I was actually trying to tell if this was all a dream. "Okay," I managed to speak. 

Not quite sure what she meant, or where this was going. I somehow sensed she did not either. I stood and loosened my belt, then pulled my polo shirt over my head. 

I heard her sigh, and whisper "No hair, hmmm". 

She got up as I was unzipping my fly. My full erection was making it difficult. I slid down my trousers over my hips and let them fall to the floor. There was a wet spot of precum on my briefs. As I was hooking my thumbs in the waistband, Nikki was unbuttoning her 501s. She pulled them down and stepped out of them. At sometime she had removed her shoes, probably before I arrived.

As her jeans dropped, I was guiding my shorts over my penis. She gasped as my six inch erected cock was revealed. My shorts fell to my ankles and I sat back down, spreading my knees in her direction, so she could view both my dick and balls.

Nikki was wearing white bikini panties with what appeared to be little red roses. It was apparent that the crotch was becoming damp, confirming she was enjoying this as much as I. She slowly slid them over her hips and down below her knees, stepping out of them, and over to me. The first thing I noticed was no pubic hair. She twirled around sticking her ass in my face, and then returned to her chair.

"Yes, I shave." She offered, "Actually, Robert shaves me, always has, and still does. It was always part of our foreplay. Nowadays, I just get shaved, and fingered. He even gave me a vibrator; but it is just not the same as having his dick in me."

As she spoke, my eyes we locked at what was between her legs, and she never removed her gaze from my throbbing hard-on. She didn't realize it, but her hand was gently rubbing the top of her vagina lips. She suddenly noticed and quickly returned her hand to the arm of the chair.

For a minute we just studied each other's naked bodies in silence. Then as she spoke she started to 'walk' her chair towards me. Our knees bumped, and I felt lighting shoot all thru my body.

"That thing is gorgeous! May I touch it?" 

Before I could really reply, Nikki was grabbing the base of my cock. She almost instinctively started to stroke it with long, slow strokes. All I could do was tilt my head back and enjoy. Nikki had mastered the secret to a good hand job.

Just as my eyes had closed to savor this experience, I suddenly felt something warm engulf the purple head of my cock. I opened my eyes as I felt hair fall against my leg. I was now receiving the best blowjob I could recall. Obviously, Robert must have taught her well. Now, I have had blowjobs, and enjoyed them more than intercourse. But this was by far the best I ever experienced.

Nikki held the base of my cock with one hand moving slightly up and down. With the other she gently caressed my balls. Combining this with what she was doing with her lips and tongue. My head was spinning.

After a few minutes of this bliss, Nikki stopped and sat up. Looking me in the eye, she said, "I've gotta have this big thing in me, and now." 

With that she stood and swung a leg over me as to stand over me; all without letting go of my cock. Then she slowly lowered herself on to me guiding my meat into her warm moist hole. Watching my cock disappear into that shaved pussy was the most unbelievable sight. She seemed to take all of me at once until our pelvic bones met.

As she started to rise and drop on my cock, I had a boob in each of my hands. Her pace rapidly increased. Nikki started to moan. She reached over and grabbed something off the table, stuffing in her mouth to muffle her screams of ecstasy. Suddenly, her pace slowed and stopped.

"What's wrong?" I said.

"You can't cum in my pussy, we have no protection." Nikki replied.

She pulled off of me, stepped back over to her desk, opened the bottom drawer and pulled out a small bottle of lotion.

"This will have to do." She said; returning to me as she dumped a good bit into her palm.

"You can come in my ass" as Nikki smeared it all over the top half of my cock. She turned around and I directed the tip towards her anus. She slowly lowered herself back on to me. At first it met strong resistance, but then seemed to move beyond the tight outer ring and move in easier. When she had accepted my cock fully, she did not move a muscle for a few seconds.

Nikki started using her hips to piston my cock in-an-out of her ass. Meanwhile, she was frantically fingering her own clit as I had reached around and was playing with her nipples. Soon Nikki was moaning again, and I knew she was close. This was a good thing, since her tight ass had me on the brink of exploding.

One last hard down stroke, and Nikki fell back against me, her legs straightened, and her whole body shook. At the same time I was firing all my juice deep into Nikki's ass. Both of us out of breathe, I wrapped my arms around her tightly, kissing her neck.

Quickly reality set in, and we knew we had to get dressed, and get back to work. Nikki stood up, and my half hard cock, popped out of her ass. She grabbed her panties, and jeans, as I pulled up my shorts and pants. I pulled my shirt on as Nikki reached for her missing bra.

She sat down at her desk as she was buttoning her blouse. I opened the door as she started dialing in to her conference call.

Nikki then said, "I need to get you on my new project, so we can take a business trip."

*

Note: This story was edited by "Angel Love."