 My wife's best friend Karen from college called on a Friday night a few months ago. She had been fired from work and came home early only to find her husband in bed with another man. "You can't make this stuff up ..." She was clearly upset about it all. They talked on the phone for almost 2 hours and finally decided that she needed some time away to clear her head. 

I had just gotten home from my shift and my wife started telling me all the details. 

"She doesn't want to stay and work it out?" I asked. 

"No ... apparently Phillip has been sleeping around for almost a year with a couple of guys he met on line. He has lost interest in the marriage." she said. 

"I'll say ..." I jested. 

"Does she trust that he isn't going to pack up the house and hide all of their belongings?" I asked. "She is the one that has been the primary income for quite a while ... Its in her best interest to stay and get all she wants out of the house before she leaves for any period of time." I finished up. 

"Oh shit .... let me call her back." my wife replied. 

My eyes rolled in my head .... Another hour long conversation that resulted in MORE ideas that were impossible to figure out or execute with any means of reasonable time. The conversation ended with, "Let me call you back .... I Love YOU too!!!" 

My wife looked at me with that half sex half favor look. Guys, you know the one that says, "I will suck your cock if you do this for me ...." 

She got within arms reach and I blurted out, "What do I need to do to make this go away?" 

Then I smiled. 

I had only met Karen once but she was a true friend to my wife, so I wanted to help. My wife knew that. I also knew that if we didn't help, she would worry to no end. 

"Do you have any vacation time left?" she asked slowly. 

I usually saved my vacation time until winter so I could go hunting. I would be out of the house, away from the wife and the two daughters we had together. I was away from the sirens, the screams and the general public - which I had grown to despise. 

"I have 3 days that I have to use or lose by the end of October ... and I have a bird hunt lined up in Kansas with Jason." I said. 

"What would it take for you to cancel that and fly out to Ohio with me to help Karen move all her shit out of the house while Phillip is off to New York sucking dick?" she asked.

"That's a pretty tall order .... it would take a LOT of persuasion ... maybe even some naked dancing. Definitely alcohol ... and a couple of back rubs." I kept running my mouth while she smiled and unbuttoned her blouse. 

"Anything else?" she asked while she was tracing her cleavage line with her finger tips.

I saw an opening ... so I went for it ...

"You have to shave your pussy .. and keep it shaved - 100% hairless. FOR A YEAR." I blurted out. 

"Okay ... anything else .... Master?" she asked in a husky voice. 

I leaned over and whispered in her ear, "I want to have anal sex with your four times a year .... " 

She leaned back and started to protest when I said, "AAAND ...." 

"THERE'S A FUCKING AND attached to that?" she yelled. 

I nodded yes. 

SIGH .... "What is the AND?" she asked. 

"I want to watch you with another woman on our 15th Anniversary in 6 months." I said. 

"THOSE are your terms to fly out to Ohio and rescue an old friend as a favor to me?" she asked (trying to act hurt / disappointed). 

I looked her dead in the eye and said, "Yes .. those are my terms. Let me know if I need to put them in writing ..." 

She looked me dead in the eye, picked up her phone without looking at it and redialed the number. 

"Hey Karen .... We will be there as soon as we can." she said with an evil smile. 

My jaw hit the floor. 

"Oh I'm DEFINATELY getting this in writing before we leave home!!!!" I joked. 

My wife disappeared in the bedroom and the two of them talked for another hour. 

I typed up a "contract" with my demands and left a blank line at the bottom for her to sign when she got off the phone. 

"Should we take the truck or just rent a U-Haul there and move everything that way?" my wife asked.

"Is it going to local storage or is she moving it long distance?" I asked. 

"Well ...." my wife stalled. 

"I thought maybe she could move in with us for a while ...." she concluded. 

"I need to amend this contract ..." I joked. 

My wife smiled because she knew that was code for my approval. 

We decided to fly there and rent the U-Haul once we knew what we were taking and what she was leaving behind. We had to wait until the last minute because this was going to be a HUGE surprise to Phillip. 

The house was in Phillip's name and Karen didn't want it. So that end of it was easy. They had not talked about separation or anything, so Phillip had no idea this was going to happen. 

Phillip left for New York on Sunday evening. Karen took him to the airport. He was going to a convention for a stay at home business he was struggling at. Funny that the neighbor he was caught in bed with was ALSO leaving town for the same week. 

Karen circled the air port and picked us up at the baggage claim about 45 minutes later. My wife Susan (Suzi) and Karen cried when they hugged each other. I hugged Karen and told her that I was sorry this was happening to her. 

"Thank you .... but after some time to process all of this ... I am actually relieved." she announced to us. 

I loaded the bags and we drove away. 

I walked through the house and made a mental note of what needed to be loaded and what we could get loaded by ourselves. 

"Lets schedule some Moving Help through U-Haul the day after we pick up the truck. That gives us a day to pack boxes, the second day to load most onto the truck and then the 3rd day to load the heavy stuff with the little help." I said. 

We did just that. 

Karen left the bed in the bedroom with the dresser and the night stands. She took all of her clothing and 95% of the kitchen items. She pulled photo albums out and left photos of Phillip and Phillip's family in a pile on the kitchen counter. She took the TV, entertainment center and most of the movies. She took the CD Collection and the surround sound system. She took art and left plastic plants. 

In the garage, she took all the tools and we loaded about 20 plastic totes. 

"Is this his car?" I asked by yelling into the house. 

"NO ... its mine." Karen yelled back. 

"Should be rent a trailer to tow it back to Texas?" I asked. 

Karen replied, "I thought Suzi and I would follow you in the truck .... give us girls some time alone." 

There was something haunting about her tone. 

We got everything loaded and decided to head out that evening. I drove the truck and the girls followed in Karen's car. The peace and quiet was nice but I was curious about what they were discussing in the car ..... 

We had been on the road for a few hours and needed to stop for gas. The girls pulled up beside me at a stop light and honked the horn. I looked over and down. They had the sun roof open and waved at me through the opening. Suzi blew me a kiss, and then kissed Karen on the lips. They were definitely French Kissing. I stared in disbelief. 

A horn blast broke everything up and we both sped away from the light. We pulled into the gas pumps and the girls got out laughing and cackling with each other. 

Suzi walked over to me and kissed me without saying a word. 

Then she walked inside while Karen pumped gas. Karen just looked at me and smiled. 

We got back on the road and drove until it was dark. We were LESS than half way there but were making good time. I wanted to keep driving but the girls wanted to stop. While I was talking to Suzi on the phone I thought about this afternoon and agreed to the stop ... "We are in the middle of nowhere ... nobody knows us here ... and we are alone." I thought to myself. 

The girls found a hotel a few miles up the road and raced ahead. We parked everything and checked in. Karen insisted on paying for the room. 

"One room?" I thought to myself. 

Suzi spoke, "She has to watch her money but still feels like SHE needs to pay for the trip to our place ... You okay sharing with her?" 

I thought to myself, "Sharing YOU?" 

I replied, "Yeah ... there is no sense in spending double when all we are going to do is crash here for the night ..." 

Suzi smiled. She KNEW how my mind worked. She gave me that look that confirmed she knew what was on my mind and that she liked the way I covered those tracks. 

As we walked into the lobby Karen had just finished paying and we were all set. We got into the room and decided to just order pizza. Karen jumped in the shower while Suzi and I made out on the bed. 

"Sorry about your luck there Cowboy ...." she said. 

I replied, "How about a quickie?"

"Already had one with Karen." she teased.

"I am disappointed ... I didn't get to watch!!!" I played along. 

Suzi smiled, "Think of it as rehearsal ..." 

I couldn't tell if she was kidding or not. My cock was aching. She rubbed it through my jeans. "Hmmmmm" she teased, "You make it HARD for a girl to refuse ...."

With that, she ripped open the fly of my jeans and took me in her mouth. She bobbed up and down quickly and pumped the shaft at the same time. 

I reached out to rub her through her shorts but she moved onto the floor and started swirling her tongue on the bottom side of my shaft. I closed my eyes and thought of the kiss today in traffic and I exploded in her mouth. 

She gulped down my load and licked the shaft clean just as the water shut off in the bathroom. Suzi stood up and took a drink from her fountain cup. 

"So you enjoyed the show today?" she asked. 

All I could do was nod. 

Suzi laughed. 

I buttoned up and Karen came out wrapped in a towel. She checked her phone. They should be here in 15 minutes. 

"I'll shower real quick then ..." I said as I made my way to the bathroom. 

I jumped in the shower and washed myself off of myself. I could hear the TV over the water and wondered why. It didn't hit me until later that it was to cover the sounds that Suzi was making while Karen was giving her what SHE just gave me. 

I took my time in the shower and as soon as I heard the TV turn down, I shut the water off. I slipped on some shorts and walked into the room. Karen was dressed in a long T shirt. Suzi was just in a T-shirt and had that look on her face that she only gets after a series of orgasms (she is multi-orgasmic and has had up to 3 orgasms in a row. She nearly passed out that night .....

There was a knock at the door and Karen answered. As she was paying for our pizza, Suzi whispered in my ear, "I just came twice in less than a minute ..... "

I swallowed really hard and kissed her on the lips. 

She pushed me back, "You aren't upset are you?" 

I smiled and looked her in the eye, "HELL NO!!! Just surprised ... pleasantly surprised." 

"We'll talk more later ..." she whispered. 

I nodded. 

We all ate and laughed together in the room. 

"Tomorrow night we have to stop near Dallas at this steak place ...." I announced. 

Suzi squeezed in, "Its his FAVORITE place to eat Karen. You will LOVE it." 

"Okay ..." Karen responded. 

"Look .. we know you have to watch your money right now ... and we appreciate you not wanting us to come out of pocket to help you out, but its not a big deal. When we go to Dallas, this is THE place to eat for me ... so tomorrow night is my treat." I concluded. 

Karen smiled. A tear welled up in her eye. 

"I'm sorry ... did I say something wrong?" I asked.

"No ..." Karen started ... "Its just been so long since ANYONE has done ANYTHING this nice for me." she paused

"Oh Honey ..." Suzi said. 

"I have felt like the last person on the fucking planet for so long .... " she confessed. "AND I haven't been a GOOD Friend to you .... " she stopped and wiped her face. "I called you less than a week ago and you drop everything to come help me ... no questions asked, no bullshit .. no excuses. It just caught up with me today .... and I just don't know what else to say or do right now ...." 

Suzi started in, "Honey .... I kind of owe you my life. I don't know if I can EVER repay that ... but I have NEVER forgotten you or what you did for me in school." 

Now I had a blank look on my face. 

"W-what are you all talking about?" I asked. 

"He doesn't know?" Karen asked quickly. 

"It happened so long ago .... I have just never found the need to bring it up." Suzi confessed. 

"I found her on a bridge one night ...." Karen opened up. 

"Karen!!!" Suzi growled. 

"YOU had better tell him .... " Karen shot back. 

"FINE ...." Suzi snarled. 

"I was a young kid .. very naïve and I had never been in love before. I had a younger professor that I was very taken with in school. I actually failed his class so I could take it again." Suzi confessed. 

"Anyway ... we went on a few dates and we even had sex in his car, in the parking lot after most of the faculty had left." she confessed. 

"I stayed late one evening and asked him why we couldn't go out on a REAL date before the Christmas break." she said. 

"AND?" I asked. 

"AND that was when I found out that not only was he married ..... he had gotten another girl in our class pregnant." Suzi told the story. 

"So I decided that I was going to jump off of the Rossenburg Bridge." she confessed. 

Karen spoke, "She was a frightened little dove when I found her. She was staring into the water and crying." 

"I still remember what you said to me ..." Suzi said. 

"Ain't no test you can't retake .... ain't no class you can't try to pass again. There isn't a cock worth crying over on this planet and there ain't no man worth more than your own life Honey." she recited. 

"You looked so pathetic out there .... and it had started snowing. I knew you were not out there for the view and with Christmas break coming, you were there for ONE reason and ONE reason only." Karen paused ... took a drink and looked Suzi in the eyes and finished her thought, "And it WASNT gonna happen in front of me!!!" 

"THEN what happened?" I asked. 

"We walked to the dorms and Karen got me to my room. She stayed with me until I could reach my parents on the phone. Then she left. When we came back for the Spring Semester, I looked her up and we were roomies the following Fall. We roomed together for 2 years and then graduated." Suzi said. 

"We kept in touch over the years but things have kind of faded. We have talked over the years but then SOMEONE had to meet this stud from Texas and she moved out of the time zone ....." Karen added. 

Suzi grabbed my hand, "I'm sorry I never told you .... " 

I smiled, "Its water under the bridge." 

We all burst into laughter at such a cheesy pun. 

All of us finished our pizza and Suzi got in the shower. She liked a hot shower and waited until now to ensure there would be enough hot water. Karen and I found the late news and caught the weather report before I dozed off. 

I do not remember Suzi coming out of the bathroom. 

The next morning we got up, ate at the hotel and hit the road early. The girls would take turns passing me on the interstate and Suzi would flash her breasts at me as they drove by nice and slowly. 

The further south we drove the hotter it got. When we got to Dallas we stopped at my favorite steakhouse and had a nice dinner. We were two hours from the house and it was dark out so we decided to overnight in Dallas. We checked into the hotel and got into the room. As I put our bags down, Suzi pulled me aside while Karen was in the bathroom. 

She whispered in my ear, "I need you to go get lost at the bar for about an hour ...." 

"What the hell fo-" I stopped myself. She looked at me with a little bit of a crazy look in her eyes. 

"I could use a nice glass of bourbon ...." I answered. 

"THAAAATS the spirit .... Stud!!!" Suzi replied with a wink. 

"Now GOOO .... " she ushered me out of the room. 

"Take your phone!!!" she whispered. "I will let you know when its safe to come back." 

A few days later, I got the complete recap of what happened in that room while I was at the bar. 

The girls had been talking all day about my list of demands. Suzi had never eaten pussy and was intimidated by the idea. Karen had jokingly told her that she would give her free lessons if she could get some time alone with her. 

Suzi wanted to jump at the chance before we got home with all the distractions and before she lost her nerve. So I was dismissed .... for GOOD Reasons. 

Karen came out of the bathroom and Suzi grabbed her and kissed her. Karen protested at first, but Suzi told her, "We are alone ... and we have as long as we want." 

Karen and Suzi ripped each others' clothes off and made out for almost 30 minutes on the bed. 

Karen whispered in her hear, "Touch me." 

Suzi ran her fingers down Karen's thigh and then onto her pussy lips. She had shaved in the shower the day before she they were smooth and soft. She played with her lips and sucked on her nipples. 

Karen coached her, "Just do to me what YOU want done to you ... I will let you know if I like it or not."

Suzi moved from the nipples to her pussy. She stared at it for a while and then lowered her face while opening her mouth. Karen ran her fingers through her hair as Suzi pressed her face into Karen's pussy. Karen's clit was hard and very large. Suzi gently licked it and Karen hissed, "OHHHH FUCK .... That feels NICE ... Take your time ... I want this to last for a while ...... " 

Suzi wanted to rush through it ... but once she realized that Karen liked what she was doing, Suzi wanted to take her time with the experience. 

Suzi licked her clit and gently nibbled the inner part of the pussy lips. She pressed her face into her pussy and slowly worked her fingers in and out of Karen. 

Karen's moans were getting louder and louder and it just made Suzi want to keep eating her pussy. 

"Ohhhhhh Baby .... Finger that cunt for me ..... Oh FUCK I am getting so wet .... " Karen said between heavy breaths. 

Karen had her hands on the back of Suzi's head and as Suzi was pressing down, Karen was lifting her hips up. Suzi worked her fingers in and out and after a few minutes of this, Karen started to orgasm. Suzi continued to lick and suck at Karen's pussy when she moaned out to Suzi .... "Ohhh my GOD that feels so fucking wonderful .... Oh fuck yea ... keep licking me ... OH SHIT ... RIGHT THERE ... OH YEA .. OH YEA ... OH YEA ..... " Karen moaned. 

"Suzi ... Suzi ... Suzi ...." Karen chanted over and over. 

Suzi got more encouragement from Karen and continued to eat her pussy .... then Karen's body tensed up and she screamed, "ohhh fuck ... oh fuck ... oH FUCCCCKKKK .... Suzi .. suzi ... OHHH SUUUUUZZZII SUZI SUZI .... MMMMMMMMMM ... OH OH OH .... HHHMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM .... OHH SHIT!!!" 

Karen squirted into Suzi's mouth as she had a huge orgasm in her mouth. Karen's body went limp and Suzi stopped doing what she had been doing. She looked up and smiled at Karen as Karen looked down and smiled right back ... 

"How do you feel?" Karen asked.

Suzi replied, "Accomplished!!!" 

"And if these walls are thin ... FAMOUS!!!" she followed up. 

The two laughed and giggled about the comments. They reflected in the after glow as Suzi wiped her chin clean. 

"THAT was amazing .... I have not had an orgasm that good in a long time." Karen reflected. 

Suzi beamed with a little more pride than she thought she would have at this moment. She picked up her phone and Karen looked at her, "What are you doing?"

"I was going to let him know to make his way back in in 15 minutes." she replied. 

Karen shook her head no. 

"You are not going to deny me the pleasure of marking such an occasion by reciprocating ..... This is my first time in Texas ... and I think I need to earn my KEEP." Karen replied. 
