 "I'll be in there in a minute." Lena called out from the kitchen as she finished prepping the tray of snacks, adding a couple of extra napkins and fussing with the items already laid out. She didn't know why she was nervous - this was Dave after all. Even though they hadn't spent much time together the last ten years, they had been near-inseparable in high school. They had named themselves The Two Misfits; both had moved into the small town at middle school and for whatever reason had always been a little out of step with their peers. 

Dave was an army brat; his father moved their family with every reassignment, until his mother had finally had enough of the nomadic lifestyle. When the opportunity arose for Graham to be stationed at the local Base permanently, she strongly suggested he take it. Dave's father was no fool, and they settled down in a cozy house across the street from Lena's family.

Lena's family had emigrated from the Netherlands shortly after she was born, and had moved to Springbrook within six months of Graham and his brood. Her parents opened a restaurant specializing in breakfasts, and specifically dishes that they brought with them from their native country. The two families had been close, and it had been natural for Dave and Lena to become fast friends, especially so, since they were the two "new" kids in their grade.

Dave had left town right after high school, heading off to college and parts unknown. For the first while they had lost touch entirely, Lena busy with culinary school and the family restaurant. She took over when her parents retired, and somehow they had convinced Dave's parents to join them for the winter in Belize. Although with the chill of the Minnesota winter, she didn't think it had really taken much argument. They were slated to be back in April, three long months away. Lena didn't mind, it gave her a level of independence and autonomy she didn't usually get living and working with her family. Although with everyone gone - her siblings gone off to school themselves - the house felt seriously empty. 

But not tonight. She was happy Dave had managed to get home for the reunion, although why the graduation committee felt the need to hold it in January she would never know. Yet another proof of her being out of step with the others in town. 

"Hey, thanks for keeping an eye on my folks' place, Magpie. It's in great shape and much cheaper than a hotel." Dave appeared in the doorway to the kitchen, his smile displaying even white teeth in a handsome face, his hair looking blonder than ever against his tanned skin. He'd flown in from Texas the day before, his parents giving Lena just enough warning to get the house into livable shape for him to stay there.

Lena wrinkled her nose at him in mock-annoyance at his nickname for her; as soon as he'd heard her full name was Magdalena, he'd decided to use it to his advantage. He was the only one who didn't call her Lena, and she'd never realized until he was gone, how much she'd missed the easy camaraderie they shared.

"As if you'd ever stay in a hotel in a town where my family lived. Even if your house wasn't ready, you know you always have a bed here." Lena turned as she spoke, picking up the tray, missing the assessing look Dave gave her. Before she could take a step, Dave took the tray from her, and started walking toward the family room where they had decided to watch a movie. 

"Are you seeing anyone?" Dave asked casually, setting the tray down on the low coffee table in front of the love seat directly opposite the television set. Lena busied herself with serving, answering "No one special. Not a lot of time with the restaurant and all."

They both knew that wasn't completely true, but he let it slide.

"You?" Lena asked, straightening and looking him square in the eye. He was too handsome for his own good, she thought, not for the first time. Between that and his even-temper and all-around "nice guy" personality, she was sure he had someone special. 

"No, not really." Dave prevaricated slightly, his gaze dropping from hers as he looked around for the bag he'd brought. 

"Seriously? A big hunk of man like you? Liar." she grinned at his retreating back, the joke a long running one between them. He laughed shortly, finding and retrieving the plastic bag, turning back to her with it dangling from his long fingers. His response was also part of the joke, although the teasing in his voice did not meet his eyes when he said "You know you're the only one for me, Magpie." 

She smiled, "Of course. That's why you haven't been back to visit in so long!" Her admonishment was goodnatured as she finished setting up the snacks and drinks on the table. Dave was back at the love seat, but before he could grab a DVD from it, Lena grabbed the bag from his hand and dumped the contents on the love seat. "Let's see what you brought to watch." 

"No, wait!" realizing what was in there, he half-lunged for the bag, but was too late. In addition to the two movies he'd brought for them to watch was a movie he had never intended her to know he'd rented. He knew he should have left it in the car.

"What's this?" Lena picked up the movie, holding it away from him as he tried to grab it from her. "Lusty Housewives in the Suburbs" she read, realization coming over her. "Oh my god, Dave is this a porno? Hahaha that's awesome! We're watching this first!"

She giggled as she knelt on the floor, cute little ass up as she loaded the disc into the player. Dave muttered, "Kill me now."

"What did you say?" Lena leapt up and came around to sit on the love seat, patting the cushion beside her in invitation to him, not actually listening for an answer, her attention now focused on the remote control.

Dave stood looking at her for a moment debating with himself on whether he should stop this now, indecision written all over his face. On the one hand, if he made a big deal out of watching this with her, she would want to know why. On the other, he had picked up the movie for himself in private, because he knew that spending this much time with her would trigger certain...needs. The little bit of escapism it would give him, along with physical release, would keep him sane around her until he left for Texas.

"Sit!" she commanded, the tone leaving no room for him to decide anything. He obeyed with resignation, dropping his tall frame to the love seat, and bracing himself for the torture he was about to experience.

Lena shifted closer to him, tucking herself into his side as she had so many other times. His arm dropped around her shoulders in a way that would have been comfortable, familiar, if it hadn't made him even more aware of her body pressing against his. Her scent - unmistakably Lena - wafted to his nostrils, reminding him of long summer days and carefree youth. Her arm stretched across his waist, and she laughed saying "This is going to be great." as the movie started.

***************

Dave was in hell. His erection was pressing tightly against the zipper of his jeans and with Lena splayed against him he couldn't even re-adjust. His choices were watching the movie and imagining doing all those things to the woman beside him, or watching her breasts rise and fall in the low cut top, imagining how they'd feel against his lips. Lena kept a running litany during the movie, joking about the characters and the acts, but didn't seem to notice that Dave barely answered.

His hand flexed on her hip where it was resting, and she asked, "Am I hurting you? Do I need to move?" She went to move but he stopped her...half an inch more and she'd know exactly what the problem was. "No, you're fine. Just stretching my hand."

After hearing the no, she returned her focus to the movie, pointing out the couple on the screen. "His only attraction is his dick. I mean, look at that face." 

He laughed briefly, "I don't think you're supposed to be noticing faces in these kinds of movies." 

"Well, you're way better looking than him. If your penis is anything like his...you could have a career in film." Her voice trailed off as she realized that she was openly speculating about his penis. This was well past the boundaries of their friendship.

"Do you think about my penis a lot, Magpie?" he teased, giving her an 'out' of the corner she had backed herself into.

"Oh, all the time!" she joked, laughing up at him, relieved. "Thinking about your man-meat is the reason I get up in the morning." 

"And you haven't even seen it!" he responded, mentally adding the 'yet'. "For me it's your boobs." he added, mock leering at her. 

"These old things?" she asked, sitting up and, taking one in each hand, squeezed. "They're too big and they get in the way most of the time." 

"Magpie, when it comes to boobs there's no such thing as too big. At least according to most guys." He couldn't help but let his eyes drop to her hands, which were now unconsciously massaging her tits, watching her hungrily.

Lena looked up at him, expecting to see him laughing, but instead found him staring, his eyes riveted on her hands as they cupped her mounds through her shirt. She was immediately and acutely aware of him; her brain registered his scent and the heat of his body almost in the same breath as she realized his tension. The room was silent except for the sounds from the video, the slapping of skin and over-zealous moaning. 

It took Lena only a split second to act, hands moving to the bottom of her t shirt and pulling it upward and off before he could stop her. "Lena...", his voice trailed as she moved to straddle his lap, looking at him with surprise as she felt his hardness against her. 

"Touch me." she said throatily, as she stroked over his torso. He reached forward and gently cupped one heavy breast in his palm.

"Um, Dave?" Lena's voice startled him out of his fantasy. Looking down, he saw that his hand has actually mimicked his daydream, moving from her hip to her breast, which he was cupping tightly. 

"Shit! I'm so sorry, Lena." He went to move his hand away only to find it trapped by hers. He froze at her next sentence. 

"I'm not." She said, voice a little unsteady. She took control of his hand, sliding it into the open vee of her shirt, licking her lips as she held it firmly against her her naked flesh. Of its own volition, his palm massaged her nipple, which had hardened into a tight peak

This is crazy, Dave thought to himself, even as he heard her breath quicken and a low moan escape her lips. He had to stop this before it was too late.

Lena pulled his hand away just as he was about to speak, and he wasn't sure if he was relieved or disappointed that she too realized how insane they were acting.

"You're right, Lena, we shouldn't..." his voice trailed off as she stood up in one quick motion, pulling her shirt up and over her head and undoing the button on her jeans. 

"Shouldn't what, Dave?" she asked, looking at him knowingly while she finished undoing her pants and sliding them off down her legs, breasts jiggling enticingly with the motion. She kicked the fabric aside and stood before him clad only in white bikini briefs. 

Dave couldn't stop looking at her, his eyes roaming up from her feet, following the lush curves of her hips, to the full pink-tipped tits that were practically begging for his mouth, up to the arch of her neck and finally to her gorgeous face. She looked at him expectantly.

"When did you pierce your belly button?" was so not what he wanted to say but the question escaped anyway. 

Her laugh was sweet and genuine and it made him feel a little more normal, as she replied, "A couple of years ago. Dave, do you like what you see?" Her question held just a tinge of nervousness, and he was compelled to answer her honestly.

"You're perfect." 

Lena smiled and took a step toward him, but he held up his hand to stop her. He just had to ask, even if he might not like the answer. "Are you sure you want this? Are you really sure?" 

Her response was to drop to the floor in front of him, kneeling between his legs. Her fingers gripped his thighs through the denim, thumbs massaging closer to the vee of his legs as she replied, "Never more sure, Dave. I need you."

"You won't regret it?" he needed to be sure, even as she undid his pants, his cock not showing any of the same reticence that his brain was, his member surging through the opening of the cloth. Lena looked at his face before her gazed dropped to the hard tower in front of her. 

"Shut up Dave." she said with a smile as her mouth descended onto him, her mouth encasing him in wet warmth. He had no trouble acquiescing to her demand, because at that point he couldn't speak if he tried. 

Her mouth suckled lustily at his cock, tongue laving his shaft as she bobbed her head up and down, his head bumping against the roof of her mouth as she did. After just a few minutes, he slid his fingers into her hair and stopped her motion, groaning, "If you don't slow down this is going to be over too soon."

She smiled up at him, dropping a brief kiss on his tip, before saying, "That's okay, you're overdressed anyway. Lift." He did as she bade, raising his hips as she divested him of his jeans. He stood and peeled off his shirt, which gave Lena the opportunity to cup his balls and slide her tongue in one long lick against the underside of his penis.

"Oh no you don't." he growled, before hauling her to her feet to stand in front of him. "I need..." his voice trailed off as his lips descended to hers, forcing them open and crushing her body tightly to him. He explored her mouth with his tongue, while his hands dipped down to grab her ass, pulling her tightly against him and trapping her hand between them as she continued to massage his sac.

His fingers worked his way under the cloth of her panties as his tongue thrust into her mouth in time to the pressure of her fingers. He lightly ran his fingers along the seam of her ass, scoring her cheeks with his nails. Her moan was swallowed into the depths of his mouth, and his hips surged against her hands. 

"Sorry." he muttered, breaking free of her lips. She looked at him dazedly; before she could ask she heard the tearing sound and felt her underwear give way. Without a word, he lifted her up, and her legs went around his torso automatically. Reaching down, he wiggled a finger along her folds, intent on determining if she was ready, but the wetness on her thighs told him everything he needed to know.

Dave grabbed his cock and slid it against her opening. "I hope you're ready, Magpie, because I need to be inside you right now." The last two words were ground out between clenched teeth, and she answered by arching her hips into him as he thrust inside her in one motion.

"Oh god..." Lena moaned, as his thick member filled her completely. Dave didn't move, simply held her in place, levering back onto the love seat with her straddled against him. His head descended to her tits, at last drawing a tight nipple between his lips and into the hot cavern of his mouth.

He grazed her sensitive bud with his teeth, his hands coming up to mold and shape her tits while she rocked her hips, riding him slowly as the pressure between them built. She held his head to her as he moved from one nipple to the other, licking, sucking and biting until she was moaning uncontrollably in her throat, grinding harder against him.

Dave's hands released her breasts suddenly, his mouth still suckling as he trailed one hand down her stomach, the other moving to rest on her gyrating hip. His fingers slipped between her lips, finding her clit at the apex of her sex, gliding easily in her wetness as he rubbed it. 

"Oh Dave, yes, I'm going to..." she screamed her climax, pussy walls clamping down on his cock, pulling him deeper into her while she shattered around him. She fell against his shoulder in a daze, biting it in her ecstasy. After a few minutes, she shuddered in reaction, and then came back to herself. She sat up, looking at him as she felt him throb in her. His fingers began stroking her again, and he replied "Magpie, you're going to again."

"Not without you." Lena renewed her internal stroking, muscles massaging his organ in a rhythm that mimicked his fingers. Dave replied, "Okay, baby, whatever you want." He withdrew his fingers and licked them clean, pulling her close and grabbing her hips to encourage her ride. She leaned forward and kissed him, tasting herself, and began riding him with fevered abandon, his cock pounding into her, the wet sound of their coupling echoing throughout the room. 

He felt the tightening of his balls, his own release exploding wetly out of his cock as he felt her convulse around him again, her cry coming from deep in her throat as she exploded. She milked him throughout his entire cum, draining him and taking everything he offered.

Their breathing came back gradually, his mouth spreading little kisses on her collarbone and neck. 

"Come to Texas with me, Magpie." he sighed quietly, almost too low for her to hear. "I've missed you."

"I thought you'd never ask." Lena replied with a relaxed laugh. "But you have to bring that video."