 Alex was sitting at the bar with his co-workers on Friday night after a long week when his phone buzzed in his pocket, which he found weird since everyone who texts him was sitting around the table with him. "What the hell," he whispered to himself as he looked at the name on his phone. "What was that?" one of his co-workers asked him. "Oh, nothing, just an old friend sent me a text out of the blue," he replied and then went back to the conversation with his co-workers without opening his phone to see what the text said. About an hour later, as he was leaving the bar to walk home, Alex pulled out his phone to read the text, "Hello, I'm sorry to bother you...but is this Alex?" Alex typed out a few replies, some more sarcastic than others, but finally settled on a simple, "Hello, this is Alex." After he sent the reply he found himself intrigued and excited for the reply. 

The text was from a woman named Ruth. Alex and Ruth had known each other for close to ten years. Alex paid for college by working at a video store where Ruth began to work her senior year of high school. The two were fast friends, and there was some mild flirting, but Alex had a serious girlfriend and nothing had ever come of it. After he graduated, Alex proposed to his girlfriend and she said no - she had been cheating on him for the past year. When Ruth found out she began texting him more often, but she had recently entered into a serious relationship. Over the years there would be a text here and there, maybe even a chain of them for a three of four day period, but nothing substantial. From social media, Alex knew Ruth had married a guy a few years back and was working at a hotel in the city. 

His phone vibrated as he entered his apartment:

Ruth: Good! I was flipping through the channels tonight and National Treasure was on, it made me think of you.

Alex: Ha. I lost track of how many times we had to watch that crap on repeat at the video store. 

Ruth: I think it was close to 350, if I had to estimate.

Alex: That seems accurate. How are you?

Ruth: Good, I've been working a lot and also finishing up my degree. You?

Alex: What are you getting a degree in? I've been good, also working a lot. Moved about a year ago and I'm still trying to find my way around this place. 

Ruth: I'm finishing up my bachelors in accounting. I'm working for a hotel at the front desk but they're letting me work a few hours a week with the accounting department to get experience and said they might hire me when I'm done with my degree. 

Alex: That's awesome! I'm glad they're helping you out. Are you still at that little hotel downtown?

Ruth: I am, just celebrated my 5 year anniversary of working there!

Alex: I hope they had cake! How are your parents and sisters doing?

Ruth: They are good! Dad is retiring at the end of the month, mom still loves her job. Stacy graduated and moved to Arizona with her fiance, Kenzie is still in Colorado and has four kids now. 

Alex: Dang! 4 kids?! I mean, everything else you said is impressive but 4 kids really seems crazy. 

Ruth: Four kids under the age of 5. I don't know how she does it. How is your family?

Alex: Everyone is good. Mom and dad are celebrating Sarah finally moving out of the house, I think they were beginning to think she was going to live there forever. 

The small talk about families and jobs went on until Alex fell asleep. When he woke up the next morning he had a good morning text from Ruth and the two texted back and forth all day while at work. They talked about a lot of things, but neither of them ever brought up relationships. After a week of texting all the time, Alex noticed Ruth had started flirting a little bit so he started flirting back. 

One day when both Alex and Ruth were bored at work they started sending pictures back and forth - both of themselves and of random things in their offices. When Alex sent Ruth a picture of his outfit for the day she laughed and told him he did not match at all. 

Alex: Hey now, no need to make fun of my lack of ability to match!

Ruth: Aw, did I hurt your feelings?

Alex: Maybe a little :p 

Ruth: You love me, you know it. 

Alex: You think so, huh?

Ruth: Mmhhmm

Alex: The world may never know

Ruth: Well maybe one day you'll admit it

Alex: And will you admit you love me?

Ruth: I thought you already knew I loved you

Alex: And here I thought you were just tolerating me :P 

Ruth: If that's all you thought I was doing I must have lost my ability to flirt..

Alex: I didn't want to assume you were flirting with me, but I was hoping that's what was happening

Ruth: Good, I haven't lost it!

Later that evening while the two were texting, Ruth sent Alex a picture of her laying in bed with just a bra on. The text with the picture read, "I could really go for a good cuddle right now, it was a long day." Alex was a little taken-a-back, but also pretty excited about the development. He was ready to test some boundaries. He finally responded.

Alex: I'm a pretty decent cuddler, but sometimes my hands sometimes wander... 

Ruth: Where would they wander to?

Alex: They would probably start on your stomach and I would softly run my fingers across your stomach, down by your waist band and then up your side and back down to your thigh

Ruth: That sounds really good to me. I wouldn't be able to help myself from pressing back against you. And what if you were laying on your back and I was cuddled up against you? 

Alex: Hm...My hand would run up and down your back softly and slowly a few times until I got the guts to slide it further down and grab your ass. What would you do?

Ruth: I like the sound of that too. My hand would explore your chest, running up and down slowly and playing with the waist band of your pants as your hand ends up on my ass. 

Alex: It probably wouldn't be long before I pull you on top of me

Ruth: And I would straddle your body, a leg on each side of your hips and a hand on each side of your head, and then I'd lean down and kiss you 

Alex: My hands would find your hips and I would pull you down into me as I kiss you passionately, sliding my tongue past your lips 

Ruth: I wouldn't be able to help myself, I would softly grind against you, feeling you and playing with your tongue

Alex: My hands would start wandering again, finding their way under your shirt to your bare skin as I run them up your back, around, and down your chest. I'd break our kiss to take your shirt off and then go back to kissing you

Ruth: If my shirt goes off yours has to too, I would sit up a little and pull you up to take it off then push you back down and start kissing your neck and shoulders 

Alex: My hands would go back up your back and I would unhook your bra and slide it off your shoulders then pulling it off 

Ruth: Mmm, you are a good cuddler. Maybe we can cuddle for real one day...but now that I'm all worked up I'm going to go to bed..

Alex: You don't have to go to bed yet...

Ruth: I probably should so we don't do something we might regret

Alex: I wouldn't, but I don't want to push you. You're a great cuddler too, I hope we can cuddle again soon. Good night, Ruth. 

Ruth: Good night, Alex. I love you. 

Alex: I love you too, sweet dreams. 

Alex was even more confused, and horny, now. What did she mean by regret? Would she regret it because she's married and didn't want to cheat on him? Would she regret it because sexting is for 17 year olds in high school? He grabbed his laptop and went to facebook. He knew he could probably figure out his mom's facebook password pretty easily and logged in as her to look at Ruth's facebook page. Alex's mom had friended Ruth years ago, as weird mom's do on facebook, and he hoped they were still friends. Sure enough he was able to see her page. There were no pictures of the husband or comments from him in the past two years. Her relationship status wasn't on the page. Alex tried to find the husband on facebook but he didn't seem to have a profile. Alex decided he would ask Ruth about her relationship status the next day. Then he logged off his moms facebook and fantasized about what would have happened if he and Ruth kept going that night. 

When Alex woke up the next morning he had a text waiting for him. 

Ruth: How did you sleep?

Alex: Well someone got me all worked up before bed, took me a little bit to fall asleep but then I slept pretty well. How did you sleep?

Ruth: I didn't want to stop last night. It's just, well, I don't know how to explain it. 

Alex: You don't have to explain yourself, I'm sure you have a good reason. 

Ruth: I was married before people sexted, I didn't want to make a fool out of myself. 

Alex: Haha, I wouldn't be concerned about making a fool out of yourself...you were doing just fine, I was having a good time...

Ruth: Really? How good of a time?

Alex: It was pretty hard to stop talking to you...were you having a good time?

Ruth: Alex! That was very dirty :) I haven't had that good of a time in years. 

Alex: It's more fun if you keep going...maybe next time you won't second guess yourself. 

Ruth: It'd be more fun in real life and not over the phone...I just found out the other front desk person called out today so I probably won't be able to text much. Have a good day, love. 

Alex: Good luck. We'll talk more about this tonight...

"More fun in real life," Alex read over and over again. It filled his head and he was having a hard time concentrating at his desk. He opened an internet browser and looked at a map. He lived about 5 hours away from the hotel Ruth worked at. If he left now he could be there before her shift was even over. "No, you're reading too much into this," he thought to himself and tried to occupy himself with responding to his morning emails. 

An hour later he still couldn't stop think about getting in his car and driving down. Even if Ruth wanted nothing to do with him in person he could surprise his parents for the weekend. He looked at his calendar, no meetings today or tomorrow. He walked into his bosses office, "Hey Mary, I was just looking at my calendar and I don't have much going on. I was thinking of taking off this afternoon and tomorrow to go visit my parents. Would that be ok?" 

Mary took a quick glance at the weekly tasks for the department, "It looks like I've got all I need from you this week, enjoy your weekend." 

It was close to 11am, if Alex went back to his apartment to get clothes he wouldn't be on the road till close to noon and he didn't want to take the chance of missing Ruth at work. If she was still married he didn't want to show up at her house with her husband home, that might be hard to explain. Alex left directly from work, he hit the highway and was on his way. 

About three hours into his drive he started wondering what the heck he was doing, but he was over halfway so there was no turning back. He rehearsed what he was going to say when he saw her. He imagined what would happen if the first thing he noticed was a wedding ring on her finger. He prepared himself for the worst but really hoped for the best. 

Alex made good time, when he pulled into the parking garage by the hotel it was 3:30pm. He walked to a little cafe across from the hotel that Ruth always talked about. After driving most of the day he was starving, but also a little nervous - his stomach was confused. He thought he should eat so he ordered a sandwich and ate it pretty fast. Before he left the cafe he went to the bathroom to make sure he was presentable. He had taken his suit jacket off, his sleeves were rolled up and his tie was loose. "This is it," he thought to himself before walking out of the bathroom. 

He walked into the lobby of the hotel, they had remodeled it since he was in there last. He looked around and saw Ruth immediately. She was at the front desk looking down at the computer. He walked up to the desk, his heart was beating out of his chest. 

Ruth began speaking before she looked up, "Good afternoon, how may I," it was that moment that she had looked up and saw it was Alex. The smile on her face changed instantly from a customer service smile to a genuine excited smile. 

"Hi," Alex said as his smile matched hers, that was all he could think of even after all the rehearsal in the car. 

"This isn't real, you're not here right now," Ruth said as she walked out from behind the desk, coming towards Alex. 

"Oh, it's real, I'm here standing in front of you," Alex said as he took a few steps towards her. 

Ruth flung her arms around Alex's neck and he wrapped his arms around her waist as he pulled her into him. "I couldn't stop thinking about you and our conversation and I don't know, I just decided to get in my car and come down here." 

"It took you long enough," she said as she looked up into his eyes. Alex leaned down to kiss her but as he did a man came from behind the desk. He knew it was Mark, Ruth's boss and they both broke away. 

"Mark, this is my friend Alex. I haven't seen him in years," Ruth said. Alex took a step towards Mark and put out his hand, "Nice to meet you, Mark," Alex said as he shook Mark's hand. "Nice to meet you too, Alex. I just heard some commotion and wanted to see what was going on." Mark said a few things to Ruth and then went back to his office. 

"Mark says you're cute," Ruth smiled as she found her way back into Alex's arms. "He also said we can't make out in the lobby," she laughed. 

"Damnit, there goes my plan!" Alex laughed as he kept hugging Ruth. 

"What is your plan?" Ruth asked as she stepped away a little bit. 

"I thought that maybe by hour 4 in the car I would have one...but I really don't. I thought I'd show up here and see what happens and if you didn't want anything to do with me in person then I'd go surprise my mom." 

"Very impulsive. I like it," Ruth grinned, "why wouldn't I want anything to do with you in person?" 

"There's something we've never talked about and I figure the answer is going to impact what happens." 

"Ah. You know, most people would have just asked that via text instead of driving five hours to ask." 

"I guess I'm just hoping for the best." 

Ruth held up her left hand, there was no ring on it. "We got divorced two years ago, we were just at different points in our lives. It was mutual and we still talk every once in a while." 

"I'm sorry you went through that, I'm sure even a mutual divorce is hard." 

"Thank you, but you don't have to be sorry. I'm really happy. Even happier in the last ten minutes," she smiled and looked up at Alex. 

This time Alex didn't hesitate, he leaned down and kissed her softly. The spark that ran through both their bodies was noticeable but as Alex went in for another kiss someone walked through the door of the hotel. Ruth smiled and went back behind the desk to help the guest. Alex leaned against the desk after he left, "Do you have any plans after work?"

"I was just going to go home and text this guy while I watched TV, but I guess since you're here I can rearrange my schedule," she grinned across the desk. 

"Well I wouldn't want to intrude on your amazing plans, you didn't mention anything about dinner. Maybe I could take you to dinner before your texting and TV watching starts?" 

"I think my plans can wait till after dinner, let me see if I can take off a few minutes early." 

Ruth walked away and chatted with her boss for a few minutes holding her purse, "let's get out of here," she grinned at Alex. 

Ruth made a suggestion of a place down the street that she liked to eat at, Alex was just happy it wasn't the cafe he was just at so he didn't get weird looks. They walked down the street to the restaurant, it was still pretty empty and the two got a table with no one else around. There was not a silent moment at dinner, they kept the conversation going - talking about everything from Ruth's divorce to Alex's last relationship to work to so many other random things. 

As dinner was wrapping up Ruth asked Alex what his plans were for the evening. "I guess if you don't want to keep hanging out I'll be going to hang out at my parents house like a real winner." 

"I think my plans can wait, do you want to come over to my place?" 

"Hm...yeah, I guess that sounds like a good plan," Alex grinned and joked. 

They walked back to Alex's car and drove to Ruth's apartment. They held hands the entire time Alex drove and neither of them were sure how much longer they could last not being closer to each other. 

As soon as they walked in Alex reached for Ruth's hand and then pulled her into him. He put his other hand on her neck, leaned down and kissed her passionately. Ruth put her hands on his waist and kissed him back. Her lips parted and she slide it past his lips to play with the tip of his tongue. Alex started moving Ruth backwards towards the couch. He sat down and pulled her down on top of him. She straddled his laps, a knee on each side of him. Alex put his hands on Ruth's waist and she sat down on his lap and started to softly grind against him. Ruth gently bit Alex lip, which caused a small moan to leave Alex's mouth. 

Alex was still wearing his work clothes and Ruth began pulling off his tie as they kissed. Alex's hands ran up and down Ruth's sides, back, and stomach. Ruth began unbuttoning Alex's shirt and he helped her take it off along with his undershirt. His hands went under Ruth's shirt, touching her soft skin for the first time. They stopped kissing for long enough for Alex to take Ruth's shirt off over her head. Alex's hands ran up Ruth's back to the clasp of her bra, he unhooked it as they kissed and gently slid it off her shoulders. 

Alex kissed Ruth's neck and shoulders as his hands ran up her body. His hands found her soft nipples and he gently rolled them between his fingers as his mouth kept moving across her chest. Moans escaped from Ruth's mouth as she felt her nipples hardening with Alex's touch. Her grinding against him became faster and harder and she could feel herself getting wet and feel him getting hard through his pants. 

Ruth reached down between then and unbuckled Alex's belt. She then got off from the couch and on her knees on the floor in front of the couch. Alex looked down at her, almost in disbelief this was happening. She reach and unbuttoned and unzipped his pants. Alex lifted up a little as Ruth tugged his boxer briefs and pants off at the same time. He was naked and hard as a rock sitting on her couch with her directly in front of him. 

Ruth grinned at the size of Alex's cock, it was a few inches bigger then her ex-husband's and a lot thicker. She wrapped one hand around it, her finger tips did not touch. The feeling of her hand around him made Alex moan, and the next thing he knew she came forward and swirled her tongue around the head of his cock. She stroked him slowly as she slide his cock into her mouth, eventually she moved her hand away and was sliding his cock in and out of her throat. 

Alex could not keep quiet, "fuck Ruth, that feels so good!" he would moan as his cock disappeared down her throat. He did not want to cum yet so after a few minutes he pulled her back up to him and kissed her deeply. 

With her standing in front of him he grabbed her underwear and pulled them down, he then put his hands on her waist and pulled her back on top of him. She grabbed his cock and looked into his eyes and she began to slide his cock into her tight wet hole as she sat down on his lap. Her eyes got big and she moaned loudly as the first few inches of his cock entered her. Alex also moaned loudly as he felt her tight pussy wrap around his hard cock. 

Ruth was tight and had never had a cock as big and thick as Alex's so it took her a few moments to be able to take the entire length. She was now sitting all the way down on his cock and looked into his eyes, "I've waited so long for this," she said as she kissed him. "I've dreamed about this for years," he said as he put his hands on her hips and began helping her move up and down on his cock. 
