 Theresa sat on the couch of her living room watching the early morning rain hit the window as she sipped her coffee. She was deep in thought, trying to figure out exactly what was wrong with her daughter Jenny. Somehow Theresa was yet unable to put her finger on the source of the disturbance. She knew something was going on with Jenny, whose behavior was out of character this past while. Theresa sat thinking back, reviewing and identifying all of the various incidents of odd behaviors and tried to pinpoint a trigger. Lately Jenny had been illusive, evasive and rarely home at nights but otherwise happier than Theresa has seen in a quite a while, if ever. 

Jenny had been coming home to change, shower eat and than she was off again somewhere else. If it wasn't work then it was out with friends or at the movies. For one reason or another Jenny was almost constantly out. Theresa considered charging her a storage fee rather than rent since she was here so little now. While it aggravated Theresa to see her daughter out and about so much, there was little she could say really. 

It was a little over a month ago that Jenny had snuck over to Tom's to talk late one night. That in itself was not odd, Tom was like an uncle to Jenny and perhaps her closest friend. The next morning, after Theresa had recovered from the panic and found Jenny over at Tom's place she made a deal with Jenny. Theresa had agreed to let Jenny come and go as she pleased as long as Theresa knew when to expect her home and when she couldn't. However she did not expect Jenny to abuse that agreement, so blatantly and so often. Most times she was never told what Jenny was up to or whom she was with. Jenny would charge out the door and simply shout out that she was gone and wouldn't be home that night, leaving Theresa to wonder and worry. 

Perhaps Jenny was just enjoying her newfound independence, just enjoying the fact of not having to tell her parents where she was going. Somehow Theresa knew that wasn't it. Jenny had never been a difficult child; in fact she had always been as good as gold. She had been a dream to raise, only giving grief now and then but even then only a word or two would bring her back in line. She never really went through a rebellious stage like most teens. As she grew older Jenny spent more time out with Tom, as an excuse to get away from her parents no doubt. 

Tom was a safe companion for Jenny and he had always been an uncle to her as well as a friend. Theresa could always rely on Tom to keep Jenny safe and out of trouble. Theresa could not believe some of the things that Tom endured because of Jenny. Endless shopping trips with Jenny and her friends, being dragged around to countless clothing stores, 'chick flick' movies galore. They never seemed to tire of each other's company and for a teenager that's downright amazing!

Before that trip to Tom's that night for the week that followed her birthday, Jenny was miserable. She moped around the house and wore a sad face wherever she went and tried to hide a deep pain in her heart. Jenny refused to talk about it to anyone, not her, not Mathew, and not even Tom. She barely spoke to Tom and when she did it was drained, and not the lively exchange that it usually was, but rather quiet and reserved. This was out of character for them both Theresa thought as she sipped the last of her coffee. 

She got up and refilled her coffee, adding just the right amount of cream and sugar to make it perfect. She returned to her quiet and comfortable spot as she resumed her pondering on her daughter's recent behavior. Clearly Jenny was happy, almost euphoric and while Theresa didn't want to interfere with her daughter's happiness, she was concerned. 

If whatever it was that made her so happy was truly that terrific, why did she choose to hide it from her parents? Jenny was never a secretive person; Theresa always knew what was going on in her life because they talked about everything. Theresa pondered for a long while about what could account for Jenny's behavior and came to one scary conclusion. There was only one thing that could account for Jenny's odd behavior and Theresa knew it, it was a guy. Since Jenny had not brought this young man forward Theresa could only guess that there was something wrong with him. 

Jenny had always brought her boyfriends home to meet her parents before; this also was not like Jenny. There must be some really big reason, something serious that would cause Jenny to be too embarrassed to introduce him to her parents, and Theresa knew it. Perhaps this person wasn't a guy after all? Perhaps Jenny was involved with a woman? After all it is possible and these days anything can happen. While it scared Theresa to think that it could be possible, she knew a woman was not likely the case.

This was more serious than Theresa thought. Now she was in a panic as thousands of images of unsavory individuals flashed across her mind in an attempt to picture this mystery man. Theresa had to know what was truly going on, if not for her own sanity than for her daughter's safety! He could be a drug dealer, a pimp, or ever a real sleaze ball, any number of things could be wrong with him. Theresa vowed that she would get to the bottom of this once and for all! Theresa would know what Jenny was up to if only to save her from her own reckless behavior. After all Jenny was still her daughter and Theresa wanted only what was best for her. 

She felt a tear roll down her cheek, as the thought of that horrible creep out there somewhere waiting for her little girl. Theresa knew that her little girl needed some help and saving from this asshole that had her heart in his clutches. Even though Theresa had not met him she loathed him for taking advantage of Jenny's trusting nature, of manipulating the young woman. For that this creep would pay dearly! Theresa knew that one-way or another she would make things right again . . . somehow.

As if on cue a door down the hall quietly opened and then closed. The mouse like footsteps padded down the carpeted hall and before the person came into view Theresa knew whom it was. It was one of the few nights as of late that Jenny slept in her own bed. There had been a family outing the previous night that Jenny had attended. For one evening at least things were the way they should be. This morning however, the new routine was back it seemed. Jenny kept her swift pace towards the door, glancing the living room over only once. When Jenny saw that her mother was there she stopped briefly and turned to her mother. 

"Good morning mom, I have some things to take care of today." Jenny smiled and waved, about to continue on toward the door.

"What kind of things dear?" Theresa asked, forcing her voice and manner to remain calm. 

"Oh just errands and stuff, nothing exciting." Jenny said as she glanced away momentarily. 

"Well, I haven't seen that much of you lately and I could use an excuse to get out of the house. What do you say that I tag along?" Theresa said in a cheerful manner that she hoped could fool her daughter.

"Sure, why not." Jenny replied cheerfully, trying her best not to show the near panic that she felt. 

Jenny had planned to get out and surprise Tom before he woke up. She wanted to feel his loving arms around her one more time; she ached to be near the one that she loved. This past month had been pure heaven for both Tom and Jenny. They were together, they loved each other and both were happier then either of them had ever known to be possible. 

There was only one thing that nagged at the new couple, one dark cloud that plagued their otherwise sunny skies. The fact that nobody knew about them, the fact that they had not told Jenny's parents about their relationship yet wore on them. The two lovers had talked about bringing things out into the open on more than one occasion. Although it was something that they both wanted to do, they never found the right words or the right time to drop the bombshell. 

Jenny never liked lying to her parents and had done it so rarely that the whole concept made her uncomfortable. She now could not stand being around her parents as it reminded her of the constant deception that she perpetrated. As she now looked at her mother she realized that before all of this they had spent much more time together. The lack of contact must have been hard on her mother and Jenny did not want to hurt her any more than she had to. Jenny hoped that she could put all this aside and simply enjoy a day with her mother like they had done so many times before.

"Good, where are we going?" Theresa asked, now happy that Jenny didn't continue running for the door.

Perhaps today Theresa could get Jenny to open up and tell her about this creep on her own. Perhaps she could charm the information out of Jenny and get the answers she needed. 

"What do you say we spend a day at the mall, just us girls?" Jenny said in an off the cuff manner.

"What about all that stuff you had to take care of?" Theresa asked with a puzzled smirk. 

"It can wait." Jenny replied with a wink. 

Theresa now knew that Jenny had planned to see her mystery man but had chosen to spend the day with her mother. She was pleased that she was still important to Jenny and that she still had a place in her daughter's life. Theresa hoped that they could rekindle the close friendship that they used to have when Jenny was younger. Quickly Theresa got up and quickly got dressed in order to spend the day with Jenny. 

Once her mother was down the hall to change, Jenny quickly called Tom in order to let him know of the change of plans. 

"Hi sweetheart, I don't have long to talk." Jenny said as Tom answered the phone.

"Okay, what's up babe?" Tom answered quickly.

"Well, change of plans, I'm going to the mall with mom and spend the day with her." Jenny said with a pause. "I think that today is the day." Jenny finished with a serious tone.

"The day for what?" Tom asked, half knowing what she was talking about.

"Why don't you meet us at the mall this afternoon for coffee and we can tell mom about us together? Let's get it out in the open once and for all." Jenny said with baited breath, still looking down the hall for signs of her mother.

"I . . . I don't know, I guess so" Tom agreed, but still not convinced of the wisdom of their decision.

"I know that it scares you, it scares me too but I can't keep lying to them." Jenny said with a pained voice. 

"I hate lying to them too, I know that we have to and it is better to do this sooner rather than later." Tom agreed reluctantly.

"I'll call you later with details, I gotta go Mom's coming." Jenny said and quickly hung up the phone just before Theresa emerged from her bedroom. 

Without too much more fuss the pair were off and ready for their day at the mall together. They did all the things that they used to do, for that day they were more like pals than mother/daughter. They browsed all the shops, tried on all kinds of outfits and generally made a nuisance of themselves at all the stores they could. Theresa felt young again; she enjoyed the excuse to act outrageous. They walked the mall and they lived in the moment doing what they liked when they liked with no plans. The day was just what the two of them needed to reconnect and rediscover each other.

Even before her birthday and before her involvement with Tom, Jenny and her mother had drifted apart. For some reason they didn't spend time like they wanted to, they never made the effort to keep up the habit. The trappings of life with the urgent tasks before us somehow can steal our attention away from the important things. 

Some time in the afternoon they sat for a quiet moment enjoying a cup of coffee. It was as they silently sipped on their coffees that Theresa wanted to try and pry into her daughter's secret. They had enjoyed a nice day of chumming around and Theresa felt closer to Jenny than she had in a long time. Perhaps Jenny saw her as more of a friend now and less of a mother Theresa told herself as she readied herself to pry.

"It's good to spend some time with you honey. You've been so busy lately." Theresa said not looking at her daughter in hopes that would make the conversation easier.

"Yeah, I've been busy with work and friends, Y'know how it is." Jenny said nervously, her eyes also looking elsewhere. 

"You're hardly home anymore, when you are, you seem preoccupied with something. All in all you seem happy, happier than I have ever seen you." Theresa said trying hard to keep a calm tone in her voice.

"I've just been busy with friends, that's all." Jenny said trying to keep her composure as she kept up her deception. 

"If I didn't know any better, I would have to say that there was a someone special in your life." Theresa said and gently took her daughters hand in hers, and waited for their eyes to meet before proceeding. "If you are involved with someone, I would like to know about it, I care about you." Theresa said with a pleading look in her eyes and Jenny knew that she had to try and ease her mother into the secret she wanted to share. 

"Yes mother, there is someone special in my life and I love him very much." Jenny said with a teary eyed smile, it was a release to say something to her mother. Even if she knew that she could not reveal who it was without Tom being there, it felt good to start the process. 

"I knew it, somehow I just knew it." Theresa said with fear hiding in the corners of her eyes as her reservations were confirmed "Why didn't you say anything to your father or myself? Does he treat you well? He doesn't hurt you does he?" Theresa started to interrogate her daughter but quickly got a tight rein on her tongue allowing Jenny to explain.

"He treats me like a princess! He's the perfect gentleman and he could never hurt me. We just wanted to be sure before we told anyone, that's all. You can understand that can't you?" Jenny said with tears in her eyes and on her cheeks hoping her mother could understand at least that small part of what had transpired. 

"While I don't like being kept in the dark, I can understand that I suppose." Theresa said wiping her tears from her both of their cheeks, trying not to look hurt as she asked her next question. "How long has this been going on for?"

"A month." Jenny quietly said looking away. 

Now Theresa was confused, how could she possibly know love after only such a short time? She must be deluding herself! Nobody can fall in love that fast. It doesn't happen that way. Now Theresa was concerned, it was not right for her to fall this hard, this fast for a guy. Something didn't add up to be sure. 

"A MONTH!! You think you're in love after a month!" Theresa said in shock unable to contain her disbelief but in retrospect she wished she could.

"We've only been together for a month, but I have loved him for a lot longer." Jenny said with her heart stinging from her mother's questioning words as she looked down at her coffee. She paused to prevent herself from crying. "I have loved him for a very long time and you'll understand when you meet him." Theresa saw in her daughter's eyes that Jenny did love him and was quite serious in her assertion.

"It's just all so sudden if you ask me. What's his name and when do I get to meet him?" Theresa asked. Her concerns now far from being answered but she didn't want to ruin the otherwise pleasant day. At least Jenny had told her what was going on and that was an important first step. Many more questions needed to be answered for Theresa's peace of mind but those could wait for now.

"Soon mom, you will meet him soon enough." Jenny quietly said, completely ignoring the name question.

"But what's his name dear?" Theresa inquired again, now curious to know the identity of the lucky man who had stolen her daughter's heart.

"Soon mom, you will know soon enough. I promised I wouldn't say anything more until we talked to you together." Jenny said and sipped her cup of coffee. With a few minor grumbles Theresa accepted the mystery for now, hoping that it would not be long before the rest would be revealed.

"Okay I can accept that. Just don't keep me hanging for long." Theresa nervously laughed trying to change the subject even thought she wanted to demand more information right then and there. 

"Thanks Mom." Jenny said as she kissed her mother on the cheek throwing her arms around her mother in a tight hug. "What would you say to a catching a movie?" Jenny said with a playful smile, her arm still around her mother.

As they were about to go into the movie theater Jenny had stolen away for a moment and called Tom in seclusion. She had arranged to meet him at a certain restaurant after the movie. It was a short distance from the theater and it would be about suppertime when they got out. Jenny kept looking at her watch the whole time the movie was on and barely remembered the storyline of the movie. Before she knew it, the movie was over and it was gut check time for Jenny. 

With a nervous stomach and second guessing mind Jenny slyly directed her mother to the appointed dinner engagement. When they got to the restaurant Jenny had a quiet word with the waitress and they were whisked to a quiet section near the back. When they arrived Tom was already there and having a quiet drink with Mathew, in anticipation of their arrival.

"What the hell are you two doing here?" Theresa laughed as she approached the secluded booth.

"Oh I wasn't doing much so I thought I would buy dinner." Tom said and smiled at both women.

"Hey, if this tightwad calls me up and says he'll pay for dinner, I'm there!" Mathew laughed as Theresa sat beside him and Jenny sat down next to Tom. 

"I called him and put the bug in his ear." Jenny said in a mock tone of confession. "I thought it would be nice for all of us to have dinner together tonight." 

For the moment they all enjoyed the nice dinner and chatted like old friends and presently all was well. Jenny relaxed and thought that things would be fine, that she had nothing to fear from her parents. Once the group was settled into the after dinner drinks of the fine meal Jenny quietly held Tom's hand under the table. They glanced at each other as a silent signal that they were both still ready to go ahead with the plan and come clean.

"Mom . . . Dad, I want you to know that I'm sorry that I haven't been around like I used to." Jenny said and started the fateful conversation.

"It hasn't been quite the same but I know that you have your life now and after all, it is summer." Mathew said with a smile trying to let his little girl know that he understood what it was like to be young. He was disappointed and a bit hurt that she wasn't around as much as she used to be, but he was not going to let that show.

"You're right dad, it is my life and I have to do what I feel is right." Jenny said and swallowed hard. "One of the reasons that I haven't been around lately is that I have been seeing someone." Jenny paused and gathered her nerve to continue while forcing her shaking hand to be still.

"That's great! What's he like? Tell me all about him! When do I meet him?" Mathew energetically said. He was simply glad to see that his little girl was happy. 

"He's great Dad, He's kind, considerate, a good listener, and he treats me like a princess, he's a perfect gentleman and I couldn't ask for a better guy." She paused again and looked in her Dad's eyes. "I love him Dad and he loves me." 

"It sounds serious." Mathew said with a beaming smile.

"Yes it is." Jenny said with a proud grin.

"That's great sweetie, but who is he? When to we get to meet him? I think I have a right to meet the guy that has captured my little girl's heart don't you?" Mathew smiled warmly in the joyous mood of the moment. He was truly happy to know that his daughter was happy and in love.
