 Authors Note: Thanks for the feedback on my first story about these characters. I had intended it to be a standalone story, but a lot of people asked me to follow up with another chapter. This story feels like the right natural progression, but I'm already planning a third chapter to expand the story a bit. As before I would like to make it clear that whilst the events are completely fictional the characters are based as closely as possible on real people I know. I hope you enjoy the story and please let me have your feedback, so I can keep improving my stories.




After we left Cathy's house, things flew by like a whirlwind. I really don't remember how we got back to my place, or what happened in between opening the front door and collapsing into my bed together. I don't even recall that much about the sex, other than it was fast and frantic, born of 10 years of pent up frustration. I didn't last long, but at that moment it was what we both needed and once we were done, we collapsed in a heap together on my bed and fell fast asleep.

The next morning I awoke in a fuzzy dream, before I suddenly realised it was less of a dream than, slowly rising pleasure. As I woke up I realised that my hardening cock was enveloped inside Vicky's mouth and instantly my arousal jumped. Opening my eyes I looked down to where Vicky lay between my legs, her sweet lips wrapped around my hard cock, one hand gently stroking the bottom of my shaft.

Vicky grinned at me with my cock still in her mouth as she continued her ministrations. I revelled in the feeling of her warm wet mouth as her lips worked their way around the head of my cock, her tongue gently caressing the underside as she went. Vicky's slow gentle strokes were working wonders on my shaft and within a few minutes I could already feel my orgasm building. I started to speak, but Vicky quickly cut me off, allowing my hard cock to slip out fro between her lips.

"Don't say anything," she said quickly "I want you to cum in my mouth ok?"

"ok." Was all I could say in response as Vicky slowly slid my engorged head back into her mouth, those soft lips wrapping around me once again. 

Vicky slowly continued working my cock for another minute, before letting me side out of her mouth again, this time grinning up at me. Sticking out her tongue she gently licked around the head of my cock, sending shivers of pleasure through me as her hand continued to gently stroke the length of my shaft. Vicky slowly eased her other hand under me to gently caress my balls as her tongue once again reached out licking and caressing at the head of my cock.

As Vicky continued to lick my cock, sending wave after wave of pleasure through me I realised that I couldn't hold off much longer, as if realising Vicky drew back slightly "No need to warn me," she said softly looking up at me again "I like surprises." With that her tongue snaked out to tease the head of my cock once more as her hand picked up its pace working my shaft faster and faster.

My orgasm built quickly as Vicky started slipping my cock back into her warm mouth, then letting it slip out again to lick it with her tongue, before returning me to her mouth and repeating the process all over again.

Finally my orgasm hit, just as she was slipping my cock from her mouth. Her tongue had just caressed round the underside of my head, finally sending me over the edge a large jet of cum splashing over Vicky's tongue, lips and cheek. Not missing a beat, Vicky quickly swallowed the head of my cock between her cum covered lips tightly gripping my sensitive head between them, the rest of cum splashing into her mouth as she milked my shaft making sure that got every last drop out and into her mouth.

As my orgasm slowly subsided, Vicky finally allowed my cock to slip out from between her lips once she was satisfied that she had all of my cum. I looked down at her, cum streaked across her lips and cheek as she made a show of swallowing the rest of my cum, before licking her lips and then using a finger to wipe the cum from cheek and then slowly sucking it clean.

Smiling up at me Vicky said "I've always wanted to do that properly, but I've always backed out before letting anyone cum in my mouth, until now."

"Well, you certainly did it properly just then." I responded "that has to be the best blowjob I've ever had."

"Seriously?" Vicky replied "I'll have to do it for you again then."

"I'd love that" I said smiling down at her.

"Good." Vicky responded. "Now, my turn I think." With that, Vicky moved up to her knees and straddling my body, moved herself forward planting her hot pussy directly above my face.

I've always enjoyed going down on a girl and it took every fibre in my body, to resist just diving in, but I restrained myself making sure to start slowly so I could build up the pleasure bit by bit. I started by gently kissing the insides of her thighs, keeping well away from her beautiful pussy. I could clearly see her engorged lips and the moisture glistening from the insides of her thighs.

As I moved up I started to taste her juices on her skin, before I finally reached her slit. Allowing my tongue to gently slide across her lips, Vicky let out a deep gasp as I finally made contact with her. Reaching back my tongue, I broke contact and waited for a few seconds, teasing her, building up the anticipation, before I finally allowed my tongue to slide back into the folds of her pussy.

Moaning loudly Vicky pushed herself forward into my face urging me on, but I held her at bay keeping up the teasing allowing my tongue to gently tease the lips of her pussy, slipping inside her only every now and then. Finally after a few minutes of teasing I allowed my hands to wrap around her tight little ass, savouring the soft flesh in my hands before pulling her pussy closer to my face and allowing my tongue to travel up and flick across her swollen clit.

Vicky's body jerked suddenly and she let out a deep moan as a jolt of pleasure spread through her. Pulling back and again waiting for a few seconds, just long enough to tease her I then suddenly allowed my tongue to attack her clit. I flicked across it with my tongue once, twice and then again, before using my tongue to massage her pussy around the area of her clit, causing Vicky to starting jerking in my arms. Holding her tighter to me, my hands gripped into her but cheeks I continued working her sensitive clit with my tongue, before allowing a couple of finger from one hand to slip round and enter her pussy, probing into her wet hole.

This finally sent Vicky over the edge, screaming out gently her whole body convulsed on top of me, before tensing up as she ground her pussy into my face. I felt her juices gushing over my face as her orgasm rocked through her, my tongue continuing to work her clit. I felt her relax slightly as her orgasm subsided, but I refused to stop working on her pussy. Adding another finger to her now soaking wet hole, my tongue picked up the pace on her clit, before I wrapped my lips around the small nub and sucked it between my lips.

This was too much for Vicky and just seconds after her first orgasm had subsided her body convulsed again as she moaned loudly, a second orgasm shattering through her body, before she finally collapsed on top of me.

Vicky sat there for a second catching her breath, before sliding down my body, her wet pussy sliding down my chest leaving a sticky trail of her juices down my body. As her pussy reached my cock, she allowed herself to gently slide my soft cock over the folds of her wet twat. Leaning in to kiss me deeply, I knew she could taste her own cum on my lips and within seconds my cock was fully hard and pushing at the entrance to her naked pussy.

I felt Vicky adjust slightly allowing my cock to pussy against her opening, before pushing down and enveloping me inside her. We both groaned into our deep kiss as my shaft buried itself deep inside her wet pussy. We lay there for a minute savouring the feeling without moving, before Vicky slowly started moving up and down over my cock. We continued to kiss as my hands reached round her body to grip her tight ass urging her on as she slowly fucked me.

Finally breaking our kiss Vicky sat up on my body, grinding her pussy onto my hard cock. I watched her as she straddled me, my naked cock buried deep inside her warm wet hole. She looked amazing; her whole body was coated in a soft sheen of sweat, causing her skin to sparkle in the morning light that streamed in between a gap in the curtains. Her soft B-cup tits heaved as she moved on top of me her hard dark nipples standing out like erasers.

I slid my hands off her ass, one sliding up her body to gently caress her breasts, my fingers pinching and tweaking her hard nipples and being rewarded with little moans of pleasure from Vicky every time I did so. My other hand slowly slid down between her thighs, seeking out her pussy. As my hand found its mark, my fingers sneaked out and made contact with her swollen clit. Vicky thighs instantly tensed around me, the muscles of her pussy contracting around my cock as she continued to slowly bounce up and down on me.

Working her clit slowly, I was soon building Vicky up to another orgasm and as her pussy continued to contract around my cock I could feel my own release building quickly as well. I didn't take much longer, Vicky suddenly started to move herself faster over my cock as she moaned out loudly, then her whole body tensed up and screaming out her orgasm hit. Vicky body shook sending waves of pleasure down my shaft and sending me over the edge as well.

As Vicky's pussy orgasamed around my cock I erupted inside her, the waves of my own pleasure sending spurt after spurt of cum deep inside her pussy as she continued to work my cock all the way through her own release, before finally collapsing on my chest, my cock still buried deep inside of her.

We lay like that for several minutes, both of us catching our breath, my softening cock still inside her pussy. Vicky finally looked up at me smiling, but I was the first one to speak. After ten years of nearly, but not quite getting together, we'd finally done it and it felt right. "Will you marry me Vicky?" I said simply. I didn't need any other words to go with it; I knew how right it felt.

"Yes" was all she said in reply as I felt her slowly moving her body on top of me again, my cock already starting to harden inside of her cum filled pussy.