 This is my first attempt at this. Feedback is always welcome. Enjoy!

*******************************************

It had been years since I last talked to Angie. Last I heard she had moved out west. Something about finding herself. At least that was the excuse most of our mutual friends gave. Angie was older than me, a senior to my sophomore status at our University. She was funny, outgoing, and extremely easy on the eyes. Needless to say, I liked her right away.

Angie and I met through a mutual friend, who eventually became my girlfriend. I was happy at where I was… she seemed so also. But there was something about her that made me want her. There was a constant sexual tension between us. Nevermind the few occasions where we got drunk and made out… there was more to it than that. Both of us were always in a relationship so it never progressed to anything more than the occasional drunken kiss. But we both knew it was there. A hunger. A yearning. Sheer desire.

Angie graduated mid semester, and I didn’t think much about “us” after that. My relationships came and went, and like so many college friends, Angie and I just sort of drifted apart. But all that changed one afternoon. 

Coming home from an exhausting day at the office, I noticed my tell-tale red light on the answering machine was blinking. I chalked it up to a client, something that could wait till morning. One of the advantages of being single is not having to worry about returning phone calls right away. Later that evening curiosity got the best of me, and I pushed play on the little black box. My heart fluttered when I heard the voice on the other end of the line.

“Hi Mike… It’s Angie. From college. I hope this is still your number. I was thinking back to all the fun we had in college together and just wanted to catch up”. She left her number, told me to call. Her voice was as sultry as ever. There was a richness to it that made you want to wrap yourself in forever with her. I could feel my stomach tingle… and a sudden yearning deep within me. Thinking back to all the times I’d fantasized about making love to her made me stir with arousal.

I called her back the next morning… things were well in her neck of the woods. Said she had just been through a bad breakup and wanted to try to get back to her roots. She said she missed talking to me… I heartily agreed. Angie hinted that she was considering doing some traveling, so naturally I invited her to my place in Atlanta. She seemed thrilled. And so was I… because I knew what might be in store. 

Angie’s flight landed in mid afternoon, which gave me plenty of time to be nervous most of the morning. My apartment was spotless, new satin sheets were on the bed, and there was plenty of wine in the refrigerator. Wine was Angie’s favorite… and back in college getting lost in a bottle of wine together was a usual occurrence.

Angie hadn’t lost anything in the way of looks. She was well toned and tan, which gave her a radiant quality that I knew made her irresistible to more than just me. She had stayed in great shape, and she dressed to show it. Her low rise jeans showed off her hip bones, jutting just over her tight denim. She was one of those girls that was damn near perfect. Great shape, but with full breasts… a large C I would say. She wore a white tank top, and from what I could gather she had forgotten her bra this morning. The air rushing in from the open air convertible was in drastic contrast to the sunny heat, and I could see her large nipples straining against the fabric of her tight top. Her long blondish brown hair shimmered in the summer sun, and her light blue eyes danced with beauty.

By the time we arrived back at my place, it was time to start loosening up. I popped the cork on the wine, and let the good times flow. As the bottle grew closer to empty, I could tell Angie was feeling it a little. She was laying opposite me on the couch, with her legs stretched out over my lap. I struggled to maintain my composure when she shifted, her long legs brushing against my cock. I’m not sure if she knew it or not, but she had me in a constant state of semi-hardness. 

As it often did with us and an empty bottle, the conversation turned to sex, as we both went into our sexual past since we had last caught up. She told me of her last boyfriend… how the sex was horrible, and he just couldn’t keep up. She confessed to having a huge sex drive… needing to be pleasured almost constantly… and how she longed for that warm feeling of days gone by coming down slowly from the passions of her own pleasure. The tension was thick… and it was obvious to both of us.

As the conversation hit a lull she spoke softly, “Do you remember when we used to drink? We always ended up fooling around.” “Of course,” I said, “It’s hard to forget being so close to such a beautiful woman.” “Did you ever want it to go further?” she prodded. “We were both seeing people… that wouldn’t have really been right,” I replied. “We’re both single now, though,” she whispered. As the words left her mouth they seemed to just hang in the air. I looked at her and nodded. 

With that she swung her legs off of me and moved closer. There was passion in her eyes, and her breath was shallow and rapid. She slowly leaned in and our lips met for the first time in ages. It felt just the way I remembered her… soft lips, warm inviting mouth, and a tender tongue that entangled with mine as memories came flooding back. 

As I let my hands cascade through her soft hair and down her back, she moved her legs on either side of me, straddling me without ever breaking our embrace. By now, it was no use hiding the bulge in the front of my jeans, it was obvious to anyone that looked… and especially obvious to Angie, who ground her hips against me. 

I leaned her away from me, my hands supporting her back. It was amazing how flexible she was. She pulled my head down to her stomach and I jumped at the chance to trail circles around her toned abs and belly button ring with my tongue. She inhaled sharply as I flicked her jewelry, trailing my way up to where her tank top began. In one fell swoop, she reached down and slowly pulled her top over her head, exposing her large breasts to me. I gently began to caress each nipple with my tongue… occasionally biting lightly… eliciting soft whimpers from her. 

By this point she was forcefully grinding her crotch against mine, feeling my hard cock rubbing against her. She leaned down and kissed me fully and pulled my own shirt over my head. Slowly she lid down off the couch, kissing and licking my chest and stomach as she went. By the time her knees were on the floor, she was directly in front of the large tent protruding in my jeans.

She slowly worked the belt open, unbuttoned them, and slowly slid the zipper down all while her eyes were locked with mine. She lifted my hips off the couch and quickly yanked down my jeans and boxers, exposing my now rock hard 8 inch cock. While still gazing at me, she started to gently lick the shaft, great strokes, from the balls all the way to the tip, then lightly blowing her hot breath all the way back down again. It was one of the most intense feelings of pleasure I have ever had.

I laid my head back, breaking eye contact and then she went to work. She grabbed my dick firmly at the base, and engulfed it in the wettest warmest mouth I have ever experienced. I could feel my cock pressing into the back of her throat as she took all I had. She began to massage my balls with both hands as she pistoned her head faster and faster up and down my hard shaft. I was getting close to unleashing a massive load and she knew it… she sucked in my entirety and let my cock slip into her throat. I could feel her milking me with her tongue and throat muscles. I leaned my head back, breathed in sharply, and tensed every muscle, and felt the most intense orgasm sweep over me. Time seemed to stop as I felt myself cum in gushes inside her willing throat. All the while Angie simply hummed out a long deep moan, making me tremble even more. 

I looked down at her, half exhausted half wanting to see what other talents she had… 

To be continued....