 The tires are humming along the road; a warm breeze blows through the open car windows. I am singing along with the iPod player in my car -- my favorite tunes as often as I want. As the miles pass by I feel freer and freer, my worries are flying out the window and landing by the road to be left behind.

I steer with my knees for a moment as I put my long brown hair up into a pony tail to keep it out of my face. I feel like a new woman. I am a thirty-five divorced mother of two who just graduated from college a second time. My new degree enabled me to get a new better paying job starting next week. So, in between the old and the new I am shedding all of the old life, driving to the dunes in North Carolina and spending the weekend at a friend's house. 

I am meeting my friend for the weekend. A friend I have known forever and have spent many years confiding and sharing with. A friend who I hope will be more than a friend. We both met when we were married to other people. We lived next door to each other in the same apartment building and I stayed local and he relocated to the south after he married. Since I am now divorced and he is now widowed the delicious possibility is there.

He knows me better than I know myself. He can hear in my voice from miles away if I am tired or sad or happy; even when I try to hide it. We haven't seen each other in person in ten or so years. Last we saw each other was the day he moved away -- before we had families. We have exchanged pictures online throughout the years, keeping up on each other's lives.

One half of me can't wait to get there -- to start my new life -- this big stepping stone. The other half of me, which my stomach must be located in as it flip flops, not knowing if this long distance over-the-phone and internet friendship we have had can stand the collision of time and space.

I have gained a little weight, my face has a few more wrinkles and I may not be the person he remembers from all those years ago. But that's the physical me. He knows the real me, sees in the window to my soul and I think, holds the key to my heart.

As I wrestle with the back and forth implications of this decision I have chosen to make, I am pulled out of my internal conversation by Tom-Tom telling me to make a left and I have reached my destination. He is mildly confused as the house I am driving to is not on a street. You have to drive on the sand to get to the house. So, the road has ended but the journey has not.

I throw my SUV into four wheel drive, turn off Tom-Tom, put on my strength song (Alanis Morissette -- I'm a Bitch, I'm a Lover) and follow Lew's hand written directions. Left at the seagull and right at the sand dune -- sure.

I pass several houses along the way. Almost have second thoughts, brake, change my mind and keep going. After twenty more minutes of off road driving I see the house. A weathered white clapboard house, blue shutters. A wide porch wraps around most of the house, over looking the ocean with blue Adirondack chairs and a matching table between them. I pull around behind the house and back in next to his white explorer. As I press the buttons to close the windows my heart is now in my stomach. What if he doesn't like the new me, what if he doesn't like me at all? Too late now, I see him descending the stairs to meet me. His dark hair speckled with gray, blue sweatshirt, jeans and his bare feet in loafers, that smile I cannot forget on his face. I rise and close the door to meet him.

The wind blows my ponytail, trying to fee my restrained locks. My jeans feel good against my body, jean button down shirt with my windbreaker over top. Over his shoulder, floating on the water is the reflection of the setting sun. 

He walks to me, "Diane -- you look wonderful, how was the drive?" He pulls me to him, hugs me and kisses the top of my head. My head rests on his chest, just below his chin, his arms feel strong and the smell of the salt air is wonderful. I hug him back.

I step back; put my sun glasses on my head.

"Drive was fine, traffic wasn't bad and the music was great!" I say with a laugh.

"Welcome to the beach kiddo. Let's get your stuff unloaded -- hope your hungry, burgers are already cooking on the grill." Lew says as I watch him stride to my truck.

I open the back hatch and we pull my two bags out of the truck. He easily picks up both bags as I close the back and grab my iPod off my front seat along with my purse.

As we walk to the house, I follow him, can't keep my feet in his footprints as his strides are longer than mine. I can smell the burgers as we ascend the steps. 

"I just have to flip the burgers on the way in and then I will show you your room." Lew says as he sets my bags by the screen door. "So, how are you? How does it feel to be done with classes and homework?" He asks.

"It really hasn't hit me yet. I haven't had time to relax -- until now. Very much looking forward to sleeping in and reading and having no where to be." As I said those words I could feel my entire body relaxing even more. An entire long weekend without anything I had to do.

He held the door for me and carried my bags to my bedroom just through the living room and to the right.

"Here's your room, mine is just next door if you need anything." Lew said as he placed my bags on the bed. "Bathroom is across the hall -- we have to share, sorry." Flashing that smile, his eyes dancing in the wavering light.

"Let me get freshened up and I will help you with dinner. What else needs done?" I really needed to use the bathroom.

As I walked to the bathroom, he said "You are my guest. Your job is to select the wine for the evening -- red or white. They are on the counter. Everything else we need is outside so just grab it on the way through."

I washed my hands and splashed water on my face. Looking at myself in the mirror as I dried my face. Taking a deep breathe I opened the door and walked to the kitchen. I kicked off my sneakers and peeled off my socks, my feet waiting to feel the sand between my toes.

I grabbed the bottle of red and white wines off the counter along with the cork screw. The screen door squeaked as I walked through onto the deck. He turned as I walked towards him. The smell of the grill and the feel of the wine bottle in my hand making my stomach growl.

That smile. Running his fingers through his hair and taking the cork screw from my hand. Our fingers brushing. He laughed as he said, "Both bottles of wine, you really do plan on relaxing!"

"Yes, yes I do. I will start with the red I think." I turned and grabbed the wine glasses off the table between the blue chairs. 

He poured the wine and handed me my glass and an empty plate. "Dinner is served. Help yourself."

I was suddenly famished. The hamburgers looked yummy and I piled my plate with potato salad and took a seat. Looking at dusk over the ocean. The sound of the waves. I felt his eyes on me, turned as he said, "A toast. To the new chapter of your life, and to a wonderful weekend with my friend." 

I raised my glass and clinked his, our eyes locking over the glasses. Smiling and taking that first sip. We talked while we ate. Discussing what we had left out of our occasional phone calls and emails over the years. Caught up on our kids and families. The conversation light and familiar, like we had conversed like this forever.

I helped clean up from dinner, and we decided to take a walk.

We walked silent along the water. The wind and the waves the only sounds. There weren't any other houses close to his. We walked like that, not really needing to talk until we saw the twinkling of lights through the dunes.

"Would you like to go back and have a campfire on the beach?" Lew asked quietly.

I turned to answer him and realized I was closer than I thought. Too much wine made me a little heady and unsure of my footing in the sand. He caught me as I stumbled into him. Darkness covering as my face blushed from to much wine and being embarrassed. I pressed my forehead into his chest as he closed his arms around me.

"Diane." His voice a whisper in the wind. 

As I raised my eyes to meet his he asked, "May I kiss you?"

I melted as no one ever asked before they took something from me. I responded by tilting my head towards him as he lifted my chin and kissed me gently on the lips. I was suddenly hungry for his mouth. That kiss melted into another and another and another. My lips parted as his parted, our tongues brushed and it felt like an electric charge in my mouth.

I kissed him once more and pulled back. I had to slow down. Or did I? It seemed like years since I had done this with anyone. My body was so awake.

"Shall we head back?" he asked.

He slide his hand into mine and we walked slowly back to the house. There was a fire pit off to the side of the house with lounge chairs around it. I sat on the edge of the lounge and watched as he set the wood and brought the fire to life.

"Be right back." He said as he walked towards the stairs.

I watched the flames lick the wood until the fire was burning good and kicking off a nice heat. The evening had chilled with the sunset and my windbreaker was almost not enough. I held my hands to the heat, closed my eyes for a second, not thinking of anything but the moment I was in.

I didn't hear him until he straddled the chair and sat behind me. I jumped slightly.

"Didn't hear you, you startled me." I uttered.

He slide up behind me and handed me my wine glass -- refilled. "Sorry, didn't mean to scare you." He said as he laid a blanket over the other chair.

"Fire is beautiful, I am so totally relaxed -- thank you so much for inviting me." I said. I took a long drawl from my glass and leaned back into Lew.

"You are so beautiful." He said in my ear, as he slide the ponytail holder out of my hair. He started rubbing my shoulders. I finished my wine and he took the glass from my hand. He wrapped his hand around the side of my face, turning my head into him. He kissed me again long and deep. I tasted wine as I opened my mouth to him.

I felt so completely at ease with him. This felt so right like I belonged here. I turned and we both reclined back on the lounge, my head on his chest. I could feel his breathing and the beat of his heart through his sweatshirt. I don't know what over came me. I sat up and straddled his lap, raised my face to his as he put his hands on the back of my neck and slide them into my hair.

I pressed back into his hands and kissed him hard. My tongue parted his lips and licked hungrily at his mouth. I could feel him beginning to grow hard against my thigh. I could stay right here, and live on his kisses.

He slide his hands under my jacket and along my ribs, down to my hips, over my thighs and retraced his route again. The entire time his mouth never leaving mine.

I pulled my windbreaker off and began to unbutton my jean shirt.

He broke the kiss with "I want to undress you." And his hands replaced mine as he unbuttoned my shirt and pushed it off my shoulders. The cool night air felt so good on my naked skin. He kissed my mouth and then with little kisses made his way down my neck and to my shoulders. His tongue tracing the outline of my skin. He deftly slide my bra straps off my shoulders and licked at the top of my cleavage. As he got ever closer to my nipples I could no longer stifle myself.

"Hmmmmmmmmm" I murmured.

"Relaxed?" he said playfully.

"Hmmmmm" I said again as he undid the front clasp of my bra.

I shrugged the bra off my arms, my nipples tightening in the cold air. His eyes looking into mine as his hands gently cupped both of my breasts; I arched my back pressing into his hands. Wanting him so badly. He kissed me on the mouth and took my ear lobe between his teeth, sucking gently as his fingers closed onto my nipples. 

I expelled the air I had been holding as my nipples stiffened between his fingers. I kissed him as I pulled his sweatshirt off his body. I grabbed for the clasp on his pants as I hungrily searched for his mouth.

He grabbed my hands in his as I was trying to undo his pants. He kissed me and whispered into my mouth, "I want to taste you first." Then he slide his hands down to the button on my jeans. He unbuttoned my jeans as I stood and he slide them down my legs. He pulled me in front of him, tracing the outline of my thong as it hugged my body. Goose bumps raised all over me as the wind caressed me.

He licked along the waistband of my thong, kissed my hip as he hooked his thumbs under the sides of my last remaining clothing and peeled them off of me.

"You are so beautiful." He said as he stared at me. Running his hands up and down the insides of my thighs, spreading my legs a little further with each stroke. He kissed my hip again and traced a trail with his tongue down my thigh and very faintly across my lips to my other thigh. I inhaled as he licked my slit, spreading my lips with his tongue. My hips moved forward into him as he slide his hands behind me, his fingers tickling the crevasse and pulling me open. He flicked his tongue over my clit, back and forth applying a little more pressure with each lick and at the same time slide his fingers into me. My knees were weak, my head thrown back in the moonlight.

"Ahhhh, I can't wait. I want you, all of you, inside me." I wasn't sure who was talking. I had never talked like this before to anyone. 

My face blushed as he slide his fingers into me faster and deeper and sucked on my clit. I felt the tide within me rising as I pressed into his face. His grip on my thighs tightened as I tightened on his fingers and felt my orgasm wet on my thigh.

His fingers slide out of me as he stood and we pulled his jeans and boxers down. I could see his erection in the moonlight, the head of his cock glistened with his wetness. I kissed him as I pushed him down onto the chair. I straddled him again as he took one nipple in his mouth and rolled the other one between his fingers.

The wind picked up making my skin more sensitive, my hair blew around my face. I licked at his tongue. Raised my hips up and slide the head of his cock back and forth, grazing my clit and then sliding it down to the entrance to me. 

We both paused for a minute; I wanted to see his face, his eyes as I slide onto him. He kissed me and I pulled my head back as I slowly slide onto him, taking all of him into me. My back arched he cupped one breast as his other hand slide down my belly and circled my clit as I began to ride him. I slide faster and faster and he rocked his hips into me. My gaze locked on his until I could no longer stand it and threw my head back and moaned as I came again, my muscles squeezing him and he followed with is own orgasm a few seconds later. 

I pressed into his chest, my head on his shoulder, listening to his breathing slowing and returning to normal. My own breath slowing, my heart beating slower. Feeling that delicious warmth flowing through me. He pulled the blanket over us from the other chair and we dozed by the fire until the cold sent us inside. I fell asleep against him, smiling and thinking this was only the first day of my relaxation.