 Let me tell you a story of my progression from a house wife to a ..., well I'll let you decide.

*****

Part 1 - Beginnings

My husband, Jon had been promoted and required he moved to another city. We didn't mind as we had started to think of moving anyway. We now had just enough money to put down a payment on a small house in a nice tree lined road on the edge of a well serviced suburb. The street only had houses on one side, across the road was a nature reserve of light bush and paddocks. The house had a private well fenced garden that had been well looked after, with a large tool shed to one side. There was a tall hedge at the front that hid the house from the quiet street, and a small fish pond. After the small apartment it was bliss, our own place. It needed a fair bit doing to it, but although Jon was enthusiastic he was not really a handyman, having spent his life behind desks. But he was willing to give it a go, something I loved about him.

It was about a week after we moved in that we met Old Henry as we called him, our neighbour. He was a pleasant old man in his sixties, who always seemed to be dressed in a pair of overalls day or night.

Jon was doing something to the gate, that was faulty and Henry came out to introduce himself and see if he could give Jon a hand. Apparently it needed some small part and he told Jon luckily he had the part in his shed and he'd go and get it, then show Jon how to fix it properly. When they finished Jon invited Henry in for a cup of tea, and that's when I met him for the first time. Little did I know then that this meeting would change my life.

He was tall and slim with a pleasantly lined face and mop of white hair. He shook my hand and I said to sit down as I made the tea. He asked us where we had lived before and why we had moved. Then we asked him how long he'd been here, the usual halting conversation one has with people one has just met. We discovered he was retired and lived alone; his wife had died a couple of years earlier from cancer. He had a daughter who lived overseas who he saw occasionally. He enjoyed lawn bowls a couple of times a week with his mates. He didn't stay long, as he said he just wanted to say hello, and we parted at the gate they had just fixed.

Over the following months as winter moved into spring we got to know Henry better, and he us. He was always polite and never overstayed his welcome. He had lived an interesting life, but unlike a lot of older men didn't continually harp on about the good old days. Jon and he developed a good friendship. He'd help Henry if he needed a bit of muscle and Henry would help Jon with advice and help with the renovations.

Spring moved to summer and the weather got warmer and I suppose this is when the whole thing started. I was working in the garden, it was hot and I was wearing an old cotton blouse I'd had for ages. A couple of buttons were missing from the top and due to it being hot I'd forgone my bra. My breasts are what men would call generous, and often draw attention to themselves when I'm in mixed company. Like all women we just put up with the ogling, sometimes quite enjoying it, even teasing the ogler by leaning over to create a bigger cleavage, silly really. With the buttons missing from my blouse I was showing I suppose a lot of cleavage, but it never occurred to me that this would change my life.

I heard the doorbell and walked around the edge of the house to see Henry standing holding a letter. As I walked towards him I could see rather than look at my face his gaze was fixed on my breasts that were swaying as I approached him. I was suddenly aware of my dress, as he must have realized he was staring and smiled up at me looking a bit sheepish. He held up a letter explaining it had been delivered to his box by accident, and handed it over to me. I took it and asked whether it being hot he'd like a cool drink. He said that would be lovely and followed me around the back of the house. I told him to sit down in a shaded area that we had set up with a table and chairs, and, excused myself and went in to get the drinks. I thought I should also dress a bit more appropriately and so I donned a bra and another more modest blouse. 

As I walked out with a tray and drinks I noticed a change come over Henry's face. Was it disappointment, shame, chagrin, I'm not sure but the conversation was a bit stilted, which was unusual as we normally got along well. After a short time, he excused himself and left. 

For the following week or so he seemed to avoid us, which was unusual as I nearly always saw him a couple of times a week. I mentioned this to Jon and the event earlier about my modesty that I thought might have brought us to this. That evening after looking at the incident from all angles we realized I had offended him, almost as if I had treated him like a dirty old man perving on me. Jon agreed and we tried to think of a way to recover the goodwill we had with him. I argued that I didn't mind him looking at my body, after all he did live alone and had no female company and what harm did it do. Jon agreed, what did it matter, after all he like looking at my tits, and would I remind him of how they did look, as he started to undo my blouse, well as you can imagine one thing led to another...

The following day I suggested to Jon that he invite Henry over for a snack lunch on Sunday, which he did. We often did this so it was nothing unusual, and I did a bit of shopping in preparation for the day. It was about 12.30 when I heard Jon welcome Henry and it being a warm sunny day, he invited him to sit in the back garden. He said I was getting some food together and would be out in a minute. I heard them talking and after giving them a few minutes to get settled opened the kitchen door and came out into the garden with a couple of bottles of beer.

They both looked towards me as the screen door slammed shut and I could see both men glance quickly down at my chest as I walked towards them, a smile appearing on both their faces.

I could feel my breasts swaying as I approached, bra-less under the thin semitransparent silk blouse with the top three buttons undone. The cleavage of my breasts was clearly visible as were my nipples. I leaned over the table as I put down the bottles and saw Henry eyes widen as my breasts fell forward pushing the front of the blouse out, my hanging breasts creating a fine cleavage. I continued to bend over, wiping the table with a cloth I had brought out. The movement of my arms shook my breasts even more as I worked before carefully replacing the bottles in front of the men. I stood up my nipples forming small bumps in the cloth and after smiling at them turned and started back into the house to fetch the food. Jon rose and told Henry to stay there as he would help me. In the reflection I could see Henry hands leave the table and disappear underneath as he watched me. I knew he was adjusting his clothing and wondered, smiling, if had I tweaked his old cock?

Jon smiled at me as we got the food together, he told me I was a wicked woman wantonly showing yourself like that. I know I said, but I felt it is a small gift to a lonely old man and besides I was showing him nothing more than one could see down the beach every day. True he'd replied and coming closer grasped my breasts as he kissed me before he undid another button, Jon, I exclaimed enough chuckling, he might have a heart attack.

Jon picked up a tray of food and I followed with plates, cutlery and condiments. Again I could see Henry eyes drifting to my breasts as they performed their magical movements with every step I took. As I approached the table his hands were suddenly lifted and placed before him on the table and he did look a little guilty as he shuffled in the chair. I again bent over to hand out the plates and place the rest of the tray on the table.

It was a lovely day, mild and we chatted about this and that as we enjoyed the food and drinks. I indulged in only a small wine as it does go to my head and Henry seemed to be his old self again. After a couple of hours, he bid his leave and we walked him to the gate, as he turned to say his farewell I bent forward and pecked him on the cheek my breasts lightly touching his chest and he was gone.

We walked back to the house and I undid the last two buttons of the blouse and opened it wider revealing my full breasts, nipples in full view hard and erect in excitement. As we walked Jon slid his arm over my shoulder, his fingers quickly finding my right nipple which he gently squeezed and I knew within minutes his cock would be inside me.

The renovation of the house slowly took shape and Henry gave Jon a lot of help and tools to assist. He was always quiet about it and never forced his way into our home. His advice was always given freely and whenever he assisted, it was to help Jon do the job rather than him do it and Jon stand around helpless. I liked Henry a lot for that. They would occasionally go down to the pub as Henry had roped Jon into the darts team as a reserve and Jon quite liked the blokey camaraderie. I think he also enjoyed Henry's company.

Several weeks went by and Jon was out at the pub as Henry had asked if he could play as another player was taken ill. They were all in their sixties, so it was not unusual. Leaving the TV on, the quiet sounds filling the house with a presence, I had gone to bed early that night as I was tired. I was just dozing when I heard the front door close. I lay for a while hearing the quiet sounds of conversation thinking it was the TV, then realising I was thirsty, and hoped I wasn't going down with a bug decided to get up and grab a drink of water and find out how Jon had performed. I got up, my knee length simple transparent nylon nightie brushing my legs as I made my way into the kitchen. Imagine the surprise I got when I discovered Jon had brought home Henry as well and the two were sitting down in the lounge with a bottle each of beer. They both smiled and I was caught like a rabbit in the headlights. I could see Henry's eyes quickly moving down my body. My nakedness was quiet visible through the thin material, from the darkness of my nipples to the shadowy triangle between my thighs. Oh, I remember saying that I wasn't expecting him back with company, and turned to leave when Jon asked if I could get them another beer and maybe a plate of cheese and biscuits.

I looked back at him stopping and was about to say maybe I should put on some more clothes, when he said jokingly, what are you waiting for woman that I knew I would just have to go with the flow no matter what I was wearing. I turn back and went about fulfilling Jon's request knowing the eyes of the two men were following my every move, or rather my body's move. The living area of our house had a kitchen at one end and the lounge at the other, between which we had an isle bench where at least I could hide my pubes from Henry's eyes as I made up the plate of nibbles. I took two beers from the fridge and poured some water for myself and this time I had to reveal myself as I walked them over to where they were sitting and placed them on the coffee table. I was about to leave when Jon said for me to join them and indicated a chair opposite Henry. I was again a little flustered but obeyed him with a smile and crossing my legs sat down my barely covered breasts clearly visible to both of them.

The fact that we talked for another half an hour seemed unreal to me, and I could see my semi-nakedness had an effect on the two men, as they struggled to get comfortable without resorting to thrusting their hands down their trouser fronts, though they smiled all the time. I could see the appreciation in both their eyes. Finally, Henry got up thanking me and said he should leave and let us go to bed. Jon saw him to the front door and I heard Henry thanking him for the beer. I wondered if he should thank him for revealing me in front of him. The door closed and I waited until he returned, his chuckle almost made me mad, I said it was not right to tease the old man that way, but I also found a smile go to my face when I thought at least he saw me and seemed to enjoy it. That night Jon stroked me gently my excitement already half primed by being displayed. It was then that I realized I liked being displayed like this, it certainly turned me on, Jon as well.

Summer continued and I enjoyed lying out in the garden in the white bikini I had bought as a treat for myself and of course Jon. My slim figure with large breasts looked fantastic, with the top two tiny triangles barely covering my nipples let alone my breasts and the bottom half was just a thong. The front, and there was only a front as the back was just a thin string that cut through my anal ring. The item was so small I had to tidy the sides of the hair around my pubes and labia to stop it being seem. Jon had told me not to shave completely as he like the feel of my fur as he called it. I told him I would not be wearing it on the beach, I would wear my more sensible one for that occasion, but in the garden it felt wonderful. From the back it looked as though I wasn't wearing anything, and I suppose in a way I wasn't. 

It was a Wednesday afternoon and as I lay there face down in my bikini when I felt as though someone was watching me. I lifted my head up to see Henry standing on the pathway at the side of the house. He said hi and apologized for suddenly appearing telling me he'd pressed the bell but there was no sound, but he knew I was in as he could hear the radio. I remembered Jon had told me to get some new batteries as he had tested it a couple of days before. I smiled and said that was OK. He stared at me as I rolled over and stood up to face him, a look of delight in his face as stammering he again apologized, saying I looked lovely. I quickly looked down to check I was at least decent. Well my nipples were concealed and I felt I didn't want to look any lower as this might bring more attention to myself, if that was possible. 

I walked over to him and asked him whether he wanted anything to drink, he said no but he needed a hand for just a moment, if I wasn't doing anything. Sure I said, no problem, and asked what it was. He explained he needed to get a box out of the attic with some old papers in it. It was in the ceiling just by the hatch. He'd get it himself but he was a little unsteady on ladders. I said fine and was about to go into the house to put on something more suitable when a little voice said in my head that it would seem silly doing that when here I was standing in front of him dressed or undressed this way. I smiled and said of course, did he want to do it right away, to which he replied that it was a bit urgent as it contained documents from his dead wife he need for information. Fine, I said as he stood aside to let me pass and we walked up the side pathway, this of course meant he had a full unhindered view of my near naked back. The flimsy straps across my back and rising up between my buttocks did little to cover my body. I approached the gateway and suddenly felt butterflies in my stomach when I realized I would have to go out into the street dressed this way to get next door. I gritted my teeth and after opening the door stood aside to let Henry pass and go around and open his gate. I followed, thankful that we lived in a quiet street and no one was around at the moment. I slipped inside the relative security of his garden, hidden like ours behind a high hedge. The door was open and we entered. I had been inside on several occasions, and followed him towards an old wooden stepladder that was standing in the hallway at the rear of the house.

He gestured to the hatchway and explained it just needed to be pushed up. It was hinged on one side, and the box was just to the left as we stood there. He explained the stepladder was a bit rickety as it was quite old but it would hold me without any problems. I looked up at the high ceiling and back at him, fine I said, but maybe he should hold the base of the ladder once I was on it. I started up and he was right the stepladder was a bit shaky. As I reached half way up I felt him take hold of the stepladder steadying it and looked down to see him smiling as he looked up, his face barely a foot away from my almost naked buttocks. I moved up further and reaching up pushed the hatch open. As he had said, it was hinged and I continued to climb until I could push it right open. I quickly looked down again and maybe it was my imagination but it looked as if there was only one hand on the ladder now. By now I was almost in the attic and wondered how much of my nether regions he could see as I was presenting him with a fine sight of my buttocks. He encouraged me, saying the box was just to one side. I looked in and sure enough I could see it. Taking hold to move it I realized it was not heavy, light enough for me to lift. I started down the stepladder a little unstable as I was not able to hold on, having both hands on the box. I almost missed my step and Henry quickly grabbed me around my naked hips guiding me down. Four more steps and I was on the ground and passed it to him, which he put on a small table. Well done he had said as he smiled and thanked me again asking if I would like a cup of tea, to which I said yes and followed him as he took the box into his kitchen.

It felt a bit odd me sitting almost naked in an old man's kitchen as we sipped on the excellent tea he had made. He seemed to like good things, tea included. As we talked he opened the box and after rummaging inside for a bit brought another small box and opening it revealed several photographs. He told me that seeing me dressed as lovely as I was today reminded him of his wife and he pulled out a color photograph of a young woman in a bikini, a far more modest affair than mine I noted. I was amazed when he said it was his wife. She was beautiful and like me full figured. I could see his face looking wistful as he took it back from me. Those were many years ago he sighed. The photograph looked very professional and I asked whether it had been taken in a studio. He replied that he had taken it, as he had always enjoyed photography and maybe one day he could show me and Jon some of his work. 

I said yes that would be good. He then looked up thoughtfully and asked me if I could do him a favor and I said of course as he did so much for us. Then he stunned me by asking if he could take some photos of me today in my bikini. I was taken back a bit by his request and sat thinking for a moment before I smiled and replied that of course he could. Fine he said and went off to get his camera. I sat wondering whether this was a good idea, a neighbor taking photographs of me as scantily dressed as I was today. But he had always been very polite to both Jon and I so I thought what harm could it do?

He returned with an expensive looking Nikon and I was about to go out in the garden when he said no, it would be better inside, as the day was too bright. I was surprised but he explained for the best images one needs contrast, especially to show off my beautiful curves. I blushed a bit as he said it so matter of factually. He directed me to stand by a window, against a dark curtain. And for the next few minutes had me pose, turning me so the light shone on me from different directions. I wondered what Jon would think of him doing this, as I actually like posing for him, I could feel a little tingle in my pussy as I stood before him dressed so scantily. His absolute focus on the various parts of my body with the camera, seem to remove the fact that there was a man behind the lens doing it. I must admit it surprised me but I did enjoy it even obliging him by bending over and looking back at the camera between my open legs. He told me I was great, and promised to give me the shots when he had checked them over. I replied that I'd look forward to that, but that I'd better go as I had a few chores to do and I moved to leave.
