 In the interests of catching up after so long, R and I decided to revisit one of our old haunts, have some drinks, and get to know each other again. I was immediately at ease in his company; as if nothing had ever changed. So we put the world to rights for a couple of hours, put away a couple of bottles of merlot between us, and before we knew it it was midnight. He'd always had this particular way of looking at me with one eyebrow raised that made me feel like I was dissolving from the inside. All of a sudden, that look was there again.

"Wanna go?" he said "I'm a gentleman, I'll walk you back."

"Sure" I replied "You can call a cab from mine." 

So we made the short journey back in almost silence, walking just slightly too close to eachother but not touching.

Once inside, I went to the kitchen to get us another drink. I stood there for a while, looking at the glasses, wondering if I was reading this situation all wrong just because I was so consumed with a lust that I hadn't felt for him in a long time.

Then suddenly I could feel him behind me. Again, so close that I could feel the heat from his body radiating through the thin fabric of my dress but he wasn't touching me. Then his fingers gently brushed my right hip and I felt a surge running up my thigh so powerful that I may as well have been electrocuted. I remained frozen to the spot, unsure what to do next, becoming acutely aware of my breathing which was so shallow and rapid that I was starting to get light-headed. Then his hand on my hip became more forceful and took the decision of what to do out of my hands as he turned me around to face him. Before I realised what was happening he was kissing me. His mouth tasted of wine and cigarettes and a familiarity that made me feel so safe that I knew I was going to let him do whatever the hell he wanted with me that night. His hands slid back, squeezing my ass, pulling me against him. I could feel him getting hard against my stomach.

He stopped just then, and gave me the raised eyebrow again. This time, I turned wordlessly and walked into my bedroom. He leaned against the doorframe and watched me as I pulled my dress off over my head, revealing black lace French knickers and bra that I had been wearing in the hope of just this situation arising. We stood and looked at eachother for a while, then I walked over and pulled him into the bedroom - one hand in the back pocket of his jeans, the other undoing his belt. In one strong movement, he held me hard up against the wall. He started kissing my neck, which he always knew drove me crazy, and while still holding me with one hand his other pushed the lace knickers aside and he slid his fingers into me. I had to bite my lip to stop from moaning with pleasure and he whispered in my ear

"I used to love how wet I could make you. Turns out I still do."

With that he let go of me and pushed me backwards on to the bed. He sat on a chair at the end of the bed and said

"Play with yourself. I wanna watch"

I was so hot by this point, I didn't need asking twice. My left hand played with my nipple, which was by now so sensitive it almost hurt - but in a good way - and I ran my right hand over my ribs down until it slipped under the lace and I started stroking myself. It felt so good to touch myself like that, knowing that he was inches away, watching me the whole time, that I nearly lost it several times, but each time I got close I slowed it down - I wanted to make this last. He got off the chair and leaned over me, kissing my stomach and pulling on the ring in my navel. Then he said "Make yourself come" and pulled the French knickers off, pausing only to lick my wet fingers before throwing them on to the floor. I was ready to do as I was told. I loved knowing he was watching me. Seeing him getting more and more turned on was really doing it for me and as I slid one finger inside and rubbed my clit with my thumb I knew I couldn't do anything about it anymore and waves of pleasure crashed over me, making me shake.

Exhausted and still shaky, I turned my head to see the reaction of my audience. R was looking at me with an intensity that made me weak, but that also provoked the primal side of me and I took off my bra and sat astride him on the chair, loving the fact that he was fully dressed and I was wearing nothing at all. I'd given up all control to him, but I had never felt so powerful. He ran his hands down my back, pulling me closer to him and I took off his t-shirt. His bare skin felt amazing against mine and for a second all I wanted to do was get him naked but then I remembered that this was all part of the fun. His hands slid round from my back, and stroking my left breast he licked my right nipple, flicking his tongue over it so expertly that I couldn't keep quiet any longer and moaned with delight, arching my back against him. He smiled at me and said "You always did like that."

I decided that he'd had his fun with me - it was my turn. I pulled him by the hand out of the chair and undid his jeans. He sighed against my ear as I brushed my fingers against his hard cock. I sat him on the end of the bed and got on my knees in front of him. This was always my favourite part. I gave him a wink and started to lick him, slow and controlled at first, but after a while I was at him like a condemned woman having her last taste of a man before the call to death row. I took as much of him in my mouth as I could, his hands were in my hair, pulling it just hard enough for it to hurt slightly because he knew I loved it. I looked up at him and kept his gaze, there's nothing I love more than looking a man in the eye while his dick's in my mouth. He told me to stop. I didn't want to, but I knew he wouldn't have stopped me without reason and I didn't want this to be the end of it. Not yet. I pushed him backwards so that he was lying on the bed and I crawled up him, kissing his chest, his neck, right the way up to his mouth.

I took first one of his hands then the other and held them above his head. He knew what I was doing.

"You're a dirty girl" 

"You love it." I replied

I held his hands down and rubbed myself against him, not giving him what he - or I - wanted for a few seconds. But then I couldn't wait any longer, I lowered myself onto his cock and moaned, half with pleasure and half with relief. Moving my hips really slowly I teased us both, not wanting to go to fast and wreck it. He felt so amazing inside me, I never wanted it to end. He pulled me down and sucked at my nipple. I ran my nails down his side, feeling the muscles in his back tense up. He smiled at me again.

"That's it lady, you've had it."

He pushed me off him with considerable force and flipped me over so that I was on my knees on the bed. He grabbed my hips and forced himself into me from behind with such vigour that he nearly knocked me over. It was exactly what I wanted. He pounded into me, pulling my hair occasionally then reaching his hand around to stroke my clit. I knew I wasn't going to be able to handle much more of this. I wanted to keep it going but it was just too good, the muscles in my pussy contracted around his cock and I screamed, shuddering with ecstasy. It obviously worked for him too, because almost at the same moment he came and collapsed on top of me. 

Crawling out from underneath him, I laughed. 

"How many times have I told you not to give me that look if you don't want to find yourself in trouble?"

He raised the eyebrow at me again.