 I was at a Friday night party by myself. My girlfriend Jessica was at her apartment studying. She had a finals test coming up and she wanted to spend the whole weekend preparing. I felt lonely just standing there by myself. I looked over at the front door just then and my ex-girlfriend Emily walked in. I left Emily for Jessica a few months ago. It was basically a sex only relationship between Emily and myself and I wanted something more.

As soon as Emily saw me, she made a beeline right towards me. 

"Where is your new girlfriend, Justin?" She asked me.

"Home studying," I told her.

"So you are here all by your lonesome then?" She asked.

I nodded yes. That brought a big smile from Emily. I knew she never wanted to break up with me. She once told me the sex was so fantastic between us. She was right about that part. I just wanted something more. I couldn't shake loose from Emily. I was trying hard to be good but Emily proposed that we leave the party and go back to her place. I was stupid that night and we left and walked back to her apartment.

Once we got inside, Emily was all over me. She put her arms around my head and drew me in for a kiss. 

"I knew you still had a thing for me," she said.

Maybe I did. I was horny that much was for sure. I wasn't going to get laid by Jessica this weekend, I knew that much. I started to pull Emily's top up over her head. Her big boobs were held in place by her bra. Emily unsnapped her bra and those tits came tumbling out. No question about it, her breasts were her best feature. They had to be a 'D' cup and her nipples were enormous. I lowered my face and took a nipple into my mouth.

I was biting on the tip of her one nipple. Emily started making these noises as I worked on her tit. After a short moment Emily broke away.

"Let's go into the bedroom," she told me. 

Once inside her bedroom we both stripped out of the rest of our clothes.

"I really missed that big cock of yours," she said.

I am around eight inches in length and my cock is thick. Emily pushed me onto my back and she got right over top of my cock with her face. She took my cock by the base of my shaft and she brought it to her mouth. Emily began to go slow and take all of my dick down her throat. Emily was always about deep throating my dick. She went right down to the root and I could feel her tongue lapping at my rod. I had to do everything in my power not to cum when we were still together.

Emily started to bob up and down my prick. She would go as deep as she could and then come back up. She flicked her tongue all over the head when she lifted off. She was making me wonder why I dropped her in the first place. I got hard as a baseball bat from all that attention. Emily did pull off and looked up at my face. She got over top of me and took hold of my dick. She slowly lowered her pussy onto my erection.

She felt tight, that much was for sure. My hands went up to those huge melons as Emily started riding my dick. I brought my hips up as Emily dropped down onto my cock. 

"I missed you fucking me like this," she told me.

I thought about us fucking more than once, I hated to admit. Now I was buried all the way inside my old girlfriend. She was using her muscles to grip my dick hard. I did remove my hands from her tits and I took hold of her ass cheeks. I got into pumping my shaft deep inside Emily's greedy pussy. She was practically screaming now, I half wondered if she had been fucking anyone else since we broke up.

"I want you to cum in me Justin," she said.

Thankfully I remembered that Emily was on the pill. I was taking her with my bare cock, just the way she liked it. We went at it for some time until I felt my dick starting to talk to me. I was getting close now. A few more hard pumps and I pushed in as deep as I could go. I started to blast Emily with my wads of baby cream. I watched Emily's face as she felt my warm flow entering her tunnel. She really gripped me hard now.

We just kept fucking like two wild animals. I didn't think either of us wanted to stop.

"Oh Fuck!" Emily let out this cry.

I kept going until I felt my dick going soft. I just held my cock inside Emily until she finally pulled off of me. She moved her body around and brought her mouth to my spent dick. I watched as Emily took me into her mouth once more and she licked the love cream from my rod. I hate to say it but Jessica wasn't into this kind of sex. At least not cleaning me off with her mouth after we finished our lovemaking.

I watched as Emily swallowed our love juices down her throat. That was always a turn-on for me. Emily then slid next to me on the bed.

"How was that slugger?"

I had to admit it was damn fine. Emily went to the bathroom and cleaned herself up. When she returned I ended up spending the night with her. The following morning before I left I ended up fucking Emily one more time. This time around Emily got on all fours and I took her from behind. I remembered this was Emily's favorite position when we had sex. I eased my cock into her still wet pussy and we got down to it.

I wrapped my arms around Emily's waist and I gave it to her as hard as I could. I fed her all eight inches of me and she screamed as I fucked her hard. I didn't have much cum in me that morning. We must have went at it for well over an hour. I actually made Emily squirt as I gave her my cock. I remember that she only did that when she was totally worked up from sex. Her juices were flying everywhere.

"Oh my God, Justin... don't stop now." She said.

I kept feeding her cock until I felt like I was close. I shot just a small load into Emily's pussy. It maybe was more intense from the night before. When we finished I got cleaned up and then dressed myself.

"Am I going to see you again?" She asked me.

All I could manage was a "it's possible."

I went out the door and as I was walking back to my apartment I heard my cellphone ring. It was Jessica.

"I didn't hear from you at all last night," she said.

"I didn't want to bother you while you were studying," I said.

"Thanks for being so thoughtful," Jessica told me.

I had to hang up as quickly as I could. I had ended up cheating on my girlfriend in a weak moment. As a matter of fact, I had Emily on my mind right then. I still enjoyed fucking my ex-girlfriend. That much I knew. I guess I will have to try and balance having two women in my life and see how it all plays out.