 Marg had returned to her hometown to help get her ailing father into a proper care home. She had left following her marriage and had only returned for short visits to see her parents. She had lost contact with most of her friends from her youth and her father was the only one remaining of interest. He had been born in the town and refused to move closer to her. 

She had visited her father's doctor earlier that afternoon in order to determine the details of his health and to seek a recommendation for a suitable care home. A flush of recognition had flashed through her body as soon as she entered the doctor's office. He was the man who had "deflowered" her one night in car parked in a lover's lane more than 25 years previous. She had been fully aware and complicit when he removed her panties in the back seat of his car and introduced her to full sex. 

She had not heard that Marc Martin had become a doctor. He was from one of the more prosperous families in their relatively small town and had moved in a different social world than her during her early life. Aside from his wealth he was very good looking. 

Marg had been a popular and attractive young woman upon her graduation from high school. She had dated several men and experimented with intimate forms of sexual interplay. She had been ready and curious about full sex but the young men she dated had never pushed the matter. She was to discover later that her father, then a town cop, had met with several of her suitors and 'enquired' about their 'intentions'. He was a formidable man and apparently frightened off those with salacious intent as well as those with more honorable ideas.

She had been invited to a house party one evening by one of the 'in' group. Marc was there without his fiancé and at loose ends. It did not take long before he made his move on Marg. She was thrilled. After a few too many drinks, Marc easily convinced her that he should take her home. He suggested that they go for a drive first and she agreed; she loved the attention and was thrilled to be with him in his expensive car. They stopped at a secluded spot alongside a lake and after some passionate necking he had taken her to the back seat and removed her panties. Before she realized where things were going he put his cock in her and got off.

The encounter had not provided her any pleasurable memories over the years. She recalled the pain and the bleeding on his back seat. She had certainly not tried to stop him at any point, and he had been very adept at the foreplay, it had been just over too quickly. The old phrase 'is that all there is' had run through her mind. She had thought he might call during the days that followed, but he did not and she soon stopped thinking of him. As she thought back on it now, some of the first excitement of being selected by this desirable man returned to her mind. 

He did not appear to recognize her initially. Then slowly she could see the memory coming back, as he connected her first name to her father's surname. His eyes warmed when he fully realized who she was and what they had experienced together all those years past. After the consultation he asked her if she would go out to dinner with him the next evening. When she did not reply he suggested that she call him the next day if she decided to accept. 

Marg was well aware that he was expecting more than dinner. He was still a quite good-looking man and had kept his body trim and fit. She could not deny that she was interested and curious, but was not certain that she wanted to relive her first real sexual encounter.

That night she called home and spoke to her husband Jim. Their own sex life had blossomed in recent years. They had frankly discussed their encounters prior to marriage and used the tales to fuel their own sex sessions. They compared fantasies about screwing others and discussed trying group sex. This had led to a series of 'threesomes' with their neighbors Mary Ellen and Doug.

Marg was comfortable discussing her current thoughts about Marc with Jim, but chose not to address it in detail just yet. She did mention that she had met her fathers' doctor and that she recognized him from her younger days. In fact she had previously told him in some detail about losing her cherry but he did not make the connection.

The next morning she walked around her old town. It had grown some since her departure; all new development was on the outskirts of the town but the central core was unchanged. Houses and sidewalks and even most trees seemed the same. She walked by her old high school; the part she had attended now being only a sub-structure to a new building. The schoolyard and the shops near the school were unchanged. Walking around the area triggered many pleasurable memories. It occurred to her that she now had a chance to relive something of those days.

Later she called up a former girl friend, now married and still living in her old neighborhood. After some chat about her father and other friends and were they now lived, she asked about Marc Martin. Her friend became quiet and asked her why she was asking about him. Marg told her that he was her father's doctor and more to the point had asked her out to dinner. 

"Well Marg, if you feel like getting laid, by all means go out with him. But that is all you will get, along with a nice dinner of course. He has been nailing every woman of age in town for years. His wife spends all of her time in the big city or in the sun spots of the world and apparently cares little about who he is fucking."

When Marg asked in a joking manner if every woman in town included her, the response was, "Yes as a matter of fact it did, I was his Wednesday night date for several months." There was a pause and then, "He is damn good."

This revelation gave Marg pause for thought. She realized that she was just a 'piece of tail' to this guy and his desire for her had little to do with fond memories from their youth. 

But then her interest rekindled along the lines of maybe he is really good; or this is a chance to do better than the first time; and finally to hell with it I want to fuck him. She had plenty of time before returning home and decided to string things along a bit. She decided to plant a little uncertainty in his mind.

She called him and told him that she could not make it for dinner. He sounded disappointed but was very understanding and suggested that they meet for a drink at a bar near her father's home following his office hours. There was nothing special on his mind except a chance to talk about old times and friends. 

Marg could feel her body warm up at the thought of being alone with him and replied, "Why how nice thank you, I can meet you for a short while."

She walked around the shopping area of the town that afternoon. A boutique dress shop caught her interest. It had been her favorite shop in her earlier life. A woman, who was of particular fascination to Marg, had once owned the little store. Penelope was about ten years older than Marg and they had become quite friendly. 

In fact Marg had experienced her first sexual attraction to a woman during her visits to the shop. Penelope often joined her in the small booth during fittings. Marg shuddered now at the memory. She recalled Penelope's approving stares, her soft hands smoothing a dress over her body, fingers lightly touching her breasts and butt, the scent of her close up, her breasts brushing against her. She shook herself now, as if trying to chase away the stiff nipples and wet pussy brought on by her reverie.

She entered the shop and there was Penelope, moving towards her, a warm smile of greeting lighting up her face. 

"My God Marg, how long have you been in town? Why did you not call me? It must be 25 years since you were in here," she gushed. They embraced tightly, Marg very aware of the feel of this older and very elegant woman.

"You must join me for dinner before you leave. We have some very nice restaurants in the town; I would love to take you to one. Call me, I can pick you up at any time."

Marg assured her that she would love to join her the next week. 

It was time to meet Marc and as she walked towards the lounge she was excited and aroused. There had always been rumors that Penelope had a preference for women, and Marg was curious to find out if it was true. This visit was going to be some fun. 

Marc was waiting for her and escorted her to a private booth just past the bar. She was still a little wary of him and suspected that she was not the first one to join him in this booth. He was obviously quite familiar with the bartender and waiter who acted very discreetly as drinks were served. 

He sat beside her on a cushioned love seat. She noted his big hands and wrists and forearms, not usually associated with a doctor, but always a turn-on for her. His eyes roamed over her and a warm, almost liquid, sensation oozed through her loins. She made an effort to control herself and enquired about his parents and family.

He asked about her husband and married life. He asked what her husband might think about her seeing an old flame from her youth. Was he the jealous type?

Marg teased him with "Oh we are quite open about sex and the like. We can talk about our fantasies and talk about others we have been intimate with. I have told him already about how you took my cherry. And tonight I will tell him about having this drink with you." She smiled at him.

He moved his thigh up close to hers. She could feel the heat of his body, smell his scent and was very aware of his body language. He gave the impression of a wolf on the hunt that had spotted its prey. She was the prey and she loved the feeling. He said, "We can talk easily here and not be disturbed. So you remember our meeting all those years ago? I was always upset with myself for the way it ended. Things just happened so quickly."

Marg was aroused, her thoughts of that night returning to her once more, and how thrilled she had been to be taken home by this desirable man. They had kissed passionately as he expertly unhooked her bra and fondled and kissed her breasts and nipples. It seemed like magic when his hands were suddenly up her legs and feeling her slit through her panties. His mouth went from nipple to nipple to mouth and back. 

She recalled a flurry of feelings and sensations culminating in his suggestion that they go to the back seat for more room. She complied without hesitation. She lifted her butt as he removed her panties, baring her pulsing pussy. She recalled him moving her hand to his cock just before he had entered her. It was the first time that she had felt a bare penis. 

She said, "Of course I remember, a woman always remembers the first time. You did know that it was my first time? You surprised me that night, I wanted you but you were on top of me so quickly I did not have time to relax."

His hand was on her knee, his eyes burning into hers and he said, "I didn't know until I put my cock in you. The way you had reacted to my kisses made me presume that you had some experience. I would love another chance to make love to you; I can guarantee you will be more satisfied. If you can't make it for dinner tonight please join me tomorrow, we can spend a night together at my summer home."

Marg was extremely aroused and made more so at the feel of his hand on her knee inching slowly up under her skirt. She closed her eyes and was so overcome with desire she allowed her legs to spread. She wanted to feel his hand slide up and feel her pussy. Her nipples were tight and contracted. She whispered, "Oh God, I want to, but let me think about it tonight."

Marc's fingers reached her panties, expertly pushed them to one side and his fingers found her slit. "Touch me Marg, see how ready I am for you."

Marg was laying back into the corner of the love seat, her eyes closed and biting her lip at the thrill of a man's big fingers fucking her slowly. She reached down to his crotch and found his hard-on and rubbed it through his pants. 

Marc said, "Unzip me; I want you to feel my bare cock. I want you to know what I have for you if you will come with me tomorrow night."

Marg opened her eyes; oblivious of the fact they were in a public bar and undid his zipper. She slid her hand down inside the band of his shorts. His cock was hot and engorged. She ran her finger over his knob and teased his little slit. She encircled his shaft with her hand and fingers and pumped him. He took in his breath sharply and hooked two fingers up inside her pussy. They leaned towards each other, fucking each other silently with their hands. 

A sudden sound nearby caused them to quickly cover up and separate. Marg took that opportunity to pull her-self together and stand up. Her face was flushed and she said, "Have to run, I will call you tomorrow."

Marg stopped just outside the bar and leaned against a wall. Her heart was still beating wildly, her nipples squeezing and pinching and a very wet pussy still tingling from the finger fucking it had just received. She raised her hand to her face, the smell of his cock almost made her come. 

Marg called home that night. After some small talk about her father and her walk around her old hometown, she told Jim that she had met Marc for a drink. Then she finally told him that Marc was the man who had taken her cherry.

Jim said, "I remember you telling me that it had not been pleasant for you. You sound a little excited my love; did he make a pass at you?"

She answered, "More than a pass, he ended up with his fingers in my pussy while I had my hand in his shorts."

"Damn, I thought you said you met him in a bar."

"Oh we were but we were in a private booth. We masturbated each other until we were interrupted. He wants me to spend tomorrow night with him at his summer home. Baby, I want to do this but only if you are alright with it." 

"You are making me really horny lover, I have my cock out stroking it. Love the thought of you getting fucked all night by the guy who took your cherry. Hmmm, sweetheart, do it if you really want to, but I want to hear all the details afterwards."

Marg was sitting in her bed with her nightie above her hips. Her legs spread. Her fingers toyed with her pussy as her mind pictured her hubby doing himself 2500 miles away. She imagined that it was Marc's fingers doing her just as they had been doing her a few hours previous. "Oh baby, I want him so badly, I almost come in the booth today. Why not invite Mary Ellen over tomorrow and we can exchange stories later?" 

Jim said, "Sure, can do, but I have already a story to tell you about her, I came home early from the office today after she called me. We fucked in our bed."

Marg replied, "You dirty beggar." But she was not angry and said it in jest. In fact she had suggested to Mary Ellen that she look after Jim once or twice while she was away. There would be no guilt at all now if she decided to climb into the sack with Marc.

Marg took a shower after hanging up the phone. While she toweled off in front of a full-length mirror she considered her body. She worried that she would not be as attractive now as she had been twenty-five years ago. But she did look pretty good and his body must have aged as well. She smiled and stopped worrying about it.

Marg thought of little else the next day. What could be better? She was far away from home with a wealthy man wanting to screw her at his romantic summer home. Her husband was as easy and excited about it as was she. The decision was a slam-dunk. She called Marc and told him that she would love to spend the night with him.