 The move to our new house was virtually complete. We'd moved in almost 4 weeks ago and the last of the boxes had been sorted. Laura had just left to go shopping and left me the task of putting a few small boxes of old photographs away in the attic. I sat on the edge of the bed in the spare room, the boxes at my feet. Temptation overtook me and I opened the nearest box taking the top album out and opening it on my lap. A feeling of nostalgia filled my body as I leafed through the pages. Laura's 35th birthday, almost 10 years ago now. We'd had some friends round for a dinner party and decided that it would be a dressy affair. Dress suit and bow tie for the men, cocktail dresses for the ladies. God Laura had looked sexy that night. She had tied her long, dark hair up, her green eyes sparkled. Her black velvet dress sat perfectly on the curves of her body, it accentuated her breasts, the shape of her waist and finished just below her knees. Her look was completed by fine black stockings and heels. I felt a twinge between my legs as I thought back to the great sex we'd enjoyed that night! I put the album back.

Wedged between the stack of albums and the side of the box was a packet of loose photographs. I took it out, opened it and removed the stack of pictures. The top one showed Laura stood in a room I didn't recognise. She looked around 18 years of age, the pictures had obviously been taken long before we'd got together. She was wearing a light summer dress, from the look of the room I guessed she was standing in a holiday apartment. I went to the next picture, the same room but now Laura was wearing a bikini. Light blue in colour it showed off her tanned body to perfection. I could make out the faintest hint of her nipples pushing against the material of her top. Her hands were resting on her hips, her tanned legs slightly apart as she posed for the camera.

For all of the years that I have been with Laura I have always loved the look of her body. I adore just watching her, especially when she is naked. The way her naked buttocks move when she walks, the way her pert dark pink nipples sit on her soft white breasts, the dark triangle of hair at the top of her shapely legs. The Laura in the picture I'd never known, looking at the picture I wished I had. I allowed my hand to trace the length of my hardening cock through the material of my jeans.

I could almost feel the widening of my pupils when I saw the next picture, my eyes trying to take as much of it in as they possibly could. With a cheeky smile on her face Laura had moved one triangle of her bikini top to the side revealing her left breast. Her nipple was hard, inviting. My cock was harder.

The next picture; both of her breasts were now exposed, her hands pulling the fabric of her bikini top to their relevant side. In the next her hands pushed her breasts together from the sides her hard nipples pointing directly at the camera. My cock was now straining to be released, my mind racing, when were these pictures taken, where and by whom?

"What are you looking at?"

Shit! I didn't hear Laura come back into the house, or come up the stairs for that matter.

"I forgot my purse." she said and promptly sat on the bed next to me.

"What are they then?" she asked again, my heart was racing from the shock of her unexpected return, I could feel my face burning with embarrassment. I had no time to hide the pictures, I was caught red handed. Strange logic really, it wasn't me that was in the pictures, or me that had taken them. Surely it should be Laura feeling embarrassed.

"Oh my God!" she said, as she took the stack from my hand and looked at the image that I had been admiring.

"I'd forgotten all about these." She stood up in front of me. I wanted to see more. How far had she gone? My dick was still hard and crying out for attention, I needed to see and know more.

"Gosh, I look so young!" she said as she handed me the picture I had just been looking at. Once again my eyes gorged on the sight of her hard nipples. She was looking at the next picture, I looked up and we made eye contact, she raised her eyebrows slightly with a knowing look.

"You'll like this one." she said, handing me the next photograph. She knew me well. Now she had turned her back to the camera and was bending forward, her hands resting on her thighs. The blue material of her bikini bottoms was stretched tight across her pert arse, a thin strip of white flesh was just showing at the top of each thigh where the sun had been unable to turn her flesh brown. The mound of her pussy was clearly defined at the top of her legs.

I reached out and put my hand on the inside of Laura's leg as she stood before me, she was wearing a short denim skirt and its length covered half of her thighs. She was looking at the next picture. I wondered what she was thinking as she looked, were distant memories returning to her mind? I ran my fingers gently up the inside of her thigh, as high as the bottom of her skirt and back down again. I felt the warmth of her smooth skin through my fingertips. I was handed the next photograph.

In this one she had now peeled her bikini bottoms down over her buttocks, just below her cheeks, the white of which were in sharp contrast to the tan of her back and thighs. My cock was aching, pushing hard against my clothes, begging for release. I allowed my hand to travel a little higher up Laura's leg, up underneath her skirt, stopping short of her panties before travelling down again. She moved a little closer, standing between my legs and sat on my right thigh. I took a long, deep inhale on the scent of her perfume. We both looked at the next photograph in the pile.

In this picture the young Laura had turned back round to face the camera, the bikini was completely gone, her tanned, firm breasts were now on full display, her nipples looked darker and larger, as if she had been pulling on them. Her hands were strategically placed at the top of her legs, covering her pubic mound. The look on her face was one that I had got to know and love over the years, the look that didn't need any words to tell me that she wanted cock. She needed a full blooded hard on filling her pussy. Only this time, that time, right there in the long since gone past, it wasn't my cock she craved, it was someone else's. As I stared at the picture I felt her hand on my crotch, she rubbed the length of my erection with the palm of her hand. I could feel juice leaking from the end of my stiff cock.

"You like?" she said, wickedly.

"Very, very much." I replied. She placed her hand over my balls and gently squeezed through the fabric of my pants. She stood up again.

"I'll show you the last one in a minute." she said. Placing the photographs face down on the bed she proceeded to pull my tee shirt off, over my head. Once it was removed she told me to lie back on the bed. I did so and she promptly unfastened my trousers. I lifted my backside slightly off the bed so that she could slide my jeans and boxer shorts off. My throbbing cock sprang out and slapped back against the skin below my belly button, my balls nestled between my legs. She looked at my stiff dick, I wanted to feel her long slender fingers wrapped around it, I wanted to feel her hand moving up and down its length, I wanted her to wank me, to make me cum, I wanted that indescribable feeling that comes with ejaculation to burst through my body. It was not to be.

Laura lay on the bed next to me, still clothed. She ran her hand along the inside of my thigh as she brought her lips to mine. Our mouths met and the tip of her tongue traced the outline of my lips before pushing its way between them, seeking out my tongue. Her hand brushed very delicately along the length of my cock making it stiffen a little more before her hand reached up to my nipple and her index finger circled around it. Our tongues were feverishly enjoying the contact between them, Laura pushing her tongue inside my mouth before drawing it back into her own to be swiftly followed by mine. After a few moments she broke the contact between our lips.

"Are you ready for the last picture?" she asked, reaching across the bed for it. She held it in front of my face for me to take in. In the photograph she was lay back on a bed, naked, her breasts firm, her nipples large and erect. The smooth, tanned skin across her abdomen led down to the dark hair of her pussy. Her legs were parted. The lips of her cunt were swollen and slightly open, she looked wet, her cunt wanted cock, I guessed she got one too; right after that photograph had been taken.

"Where are they from?" I tentatively asked, not quite sure if I really wanted to know.

"Do you want me to tell you?" came her reply, "how much do you want to know, do you want to hear about what happened next?"

I guessed I knew what had happened next, but I love it when we talk 'dirty', she is so good at it and she always seems to get so much wetter between her legs as she describes sucking or riding a juicy, thick cock.

"Tell me everything." I said. Our mouths met again as she seemed to need a little time to think about how to begin. When she was ready she put her mouth close to my ear, so that she could talk with her sexy, seductive whisper. She slid her hand over my chest, her fingertips gently brushing my skin, down over my stomach, across to my thigh and along its inner. It came back up my leg; she took the weight of my balls in her hand and squeezed gently. With her thumb she pulled down on the skin of the underside of my hard cock forcing it point at the ceiling, I took a sharp intake of breath. Her hand caressing my balls, she began.

"We were on holiday in Spain, Rob and I, just before my nineteenth birthday. We'd been around the pool all day, just lying in the sun. The heat on my body had felt so good. I'd had a few Bacardi's through the afternoon and I was feeling horny. We'd messed about in the pool, turned each other on. I remember I'd made him hard and he had been rubbing his cock against my cunt through our swimming costumes as we stood against the wall of the pool up to our necks in water."

Laura paused, raised her head and placed her lips on my lips, her tongue once again sought out mine. Her hand moved from my balls, she wrapped her fingers around my hardness and slowly moved up and down its length, I felt my body's natural lubricant seep from the end of my cock. She continued to slowly wank me, pulling down as far as she could before moving her fingers back up to the tip. She broke our kiss to continue the story.

"His dick had felt so fucking good rubbing against my pussy, my cunt lips were swollen and parted, I'd wrapped my legs around his waist and I was massaging the end of his cock with my clit, I could have quite easily come there and then in the pool. By the time we'd got back to the room we were both horny as hell, that's when the camera came out. Rob's cock had grown hard again as he'd been taking the pictures, it was straining to get out of his shorts."

"After I'd removed my bikini top I knelt down in front of him and removed his shorts and trunks. His cock was hard, not too long but nice and wide, his big heavy balls hung between his legs. I took hold of his cock, the end was wet with his juices, and I rubbed his swollen end over my nipples. It made them hard and stick out. He loved it, looking down watching me pleasure his cock. Then I took him in my mouth, I slipped my lips over the end and slid my teeth as far down his length as I could, his warm pulsing cock filled my mouth and I set my tongue to work on the underside of his erection. I started fucking his cock with my mouth, sliding my lips as far down his shaft as my mouth would allow before sliding back up stopping just short of end. He was moaning and I could tell that he wanted to fill my mouth with his spunk but I was wet; very, very wet and I needed his cock inside me, I needed to be fucked."

I grabbed Laura's wrist and snatched her hand away from my throbbing cock. I didn't want to come just yet and she'd taken me almost to the point of no return with her handing pumping away on my shaft. We brought our mouths together again and my hand went in search of her legs. I found her thigh, my hand made its way greedily up towards the top where it found the cotton of her panties, my finger went looking for her slit through the material, she was wet, so wet that her juices had soaked through. Laura sucked in a long, slow breath as my finger made contact with her hard clit through her panties before releasing her breath with a low moan. 

I put my fingers over the elastic at the top of her knickers and started to pull them off; Laura helped slide them down her legs and kicked them on to the floor. She got up and straddled herself across my body on all fours. She reached down between our bodies and grabbed my cock, she rubbed the glistening end up and down her parting lips a few times, her moisture mixing with my own. She positioned my stiffness where she wanted it most and then slid her warm, wet cunt down its full length until her buttocks slapped against my thighs accompanied by another sharp intake of breath, this time from the two of us in unison.

With my cock buried deep inside her body, Laura lay on my chest with her head to the side of my own. She continued the tale.

"Rob took more pictures as I took the rest of my bikini off. His cock was rock hard, sticking out as he stood there using the camera. He didn't take many more as he was desperate to empty his balls inside me."

Laura started to ride my cock. I could feel her squeezing the muscles in her buttocks together as she sought pleasure from my dick rubbing along the inner walls of her moist cunt. I placed a hand on each of her hips, raised my own hips up slightly and pushed her down, further on to my cock, trying to get as deep as I possibly could.

"I needed his dick inside me. I lay back on the bed and spread my legs as wide as I could. I reached down and opened my pussy wider with my fingers so that he could see how wet I was. I told him to come and fuck me, to fuck me as hard as he could."

It was me doing the fucking now. I was holding Laura's hips and forcing my cock in and out of her warm hole. Her breathing was heavier but she continued her talking punctuated by short moans as she held her breath momentarily when my cock reached its deepest point.

"He came over to the bed, knelt between my legs and rammed his stiff cock deep inside me. Oooh! It felt so good. Ahhh! He was sliding it in and out, in and out getting faster and faster as he neared his orgasm."

I could feel my own orgasm building too, Laura was now pushing down hard on every thrust of my cock.

"I reached down and grabbed his buttocks, pulling his body to mine, forcing his cock deep inside me and then pushing him away again so that I could feel the full length of his hard cock. When he was deep inside me I could feel his balls squashed against my arse. It didn't take long before he let out a loud groan and I felt the warmth of cum spurting from his dick, as soon as that happened I couldn't hold back and I came so hard that I ..."

"Ohhh SSSSShhhiiittt!" I cried. It was now me who couldn't hold back. My own cum was forced from my body inside Laura. My cock twitched and pumped out my seed. My hands tried to hold Laura still as my orgasm ravaged through me but she was too close herself. She sat up, the weight of her body forcing my cock that little bit deeper inside her. She leant back and put her hands on my thighs, she thrust her hips back and forth, the tip of my cock buried somewhere deep inside her, her clit rubbing hard against my pubic bone. I looked at her face, her eyes were tight shut, her face contorted almost with a look of pain. Her mouth opened slightly, then her eyes opened wide, she squealed as the onset of her orgasm tensed her body completely. She stopped moving for a moment but then lifted her body so that an inch or two of my cock left her cunt before savagely dropping back down, spearing herself with my hard on. She repeated this action in time with the waves of her orgasm, she groaned loudly with each thrust. The wetness between our genitals providing its own unique sound as our bodies separated and then joined together again. Laura's breathing slowly returned to normal as the last waves of pleasure subsided. She collapsed forward again and lay on top of me. We lay together on the bed, motionless. My cock was still inside Laura, slowly softening, both of us enjoying that wonderful post coital relaxed feeling.

The boxes were eventually packed away but the old photographs won't stay hidden for quite so long this time.