 Dwight threw down his pencil in frustration. He was trying to balance the books for his company, but the accounting had simply gotten too complex, even for a small firm with relatively straightforward finances, like Dwight's. He hated to do it, but Dwight decided he should get an accountant and let the accountant help out. He didn't really want to use a service or call some firm that supplies temps probably less capable than himself, but he remembered a woman he had met at a local concert who told Dwight she was an accountant. 

Her real name slipped his mind at the moment, although her body did not. She had said her friends called her Fraggles; as Dwight recalled, she was built more like Jessica Rabbit or some buxom animé vixen than a Fraggle. 

The bar had been rowdy, he had gone with friends, and somehow he had not been able to make as much of a connection as he would have liked. He did, however, get her phone number, even if he had yet to follow up. 

Now, though, he was thinking he might be able to tap into her accounting expertise to help with his immediate need. If everything went well with that, he might even be able to tap into something else to help with some other needs. She had shown every sign of being friendly and that was just what Dwight needed - a friendly accountant with a knockout figure. 

The scrap of paper Fraggles wrote her number on was still in Dwight's wallet and he found it easily. Hesitating, trying to decide whether he really wanted to do this or not, Dwight tried to remember some details of how she had looked that evening. 

It had just been a small concert at Manny's Smokehouse, featuring Spottiswoode & His Enemies, a band from Boston that was struggling to break out of the regional scene. There couldn't have been more than fifty people in the room and most were there more to drink than to listen. Fraggles had stood out in the crowd, wearing a short red dress that flattered her legs and displayed some of the finest breasts this side of a porn site. Truth was, Dwight had been so fascinated by those big titties, he couldn't recall a lot of other details. Those breasts had made her the smokiest thing in the entire club.

She had a pretty face, he remembered, with lips that made Dwight wonder how they would feel to kiss. Or to feel wrapped around his dick. There had been a definite aura of sensuality and suggestiveness in the way Fraggles walked and stood and twirled. It was obvious she was comfortable with her sexuality and she wanted others to know it.

That was enough. Dwight pulled out his cell phone and punched in Miss Fraggles' number, before he wasted any more time thinking about it. A couple of rings and she answered.

"Hi. This is Dwight. We met down at the Spottiswoode concert at Manny's a couple weeks ago."

"Oh, yes, I remember you, Dwight. I wasn't sure you were going to call. You seemed interested that night, if I recall, but then I didn't hear from you."

"Uh ... well ... I definitely was interested. And I should have called earlier. Definitely should have called earlier. Actually, though, this is more of a business call. I was thinking I might be able to hire your expertise."

"Dwight, I'm not that kind of woman, silly. What I do, I do because I like it."

"No, no. I didn't mean to imply that. You said you are an accountant and I need someone to help me with a small accounting task. I thought you might like to earn a few extra dollars in your spare time helping me out with my business' books. It shouldn't take a good accountant more than an hour or two. I would pay you well."

"I don't have a lot of spare time, Dwight, but I can carve out a few hours for you and your needs, I guess. Would Saturday work for you?"

Dwight and Fraggles settled on a plan. She would meet him at his office that Saturday and he would show her what he needed done. She could make a decision at that point whether it was something she wanted to get involved with, or not.

When Saturday rolled around, Fraggles took a little extra time getting ready. Normally, she might just slip on some jeans, sneakers and a sweatshirt for an informal meeting like this one, but she decided she wanted to make more of an impression than the norm. She reddened slightly, as she admitted to herself that her reasons were personal rather than professional. 

She had been intrigued by Dwight that night at Manny's. He was different from the other men there. He was drinking and having fun, for sure, but she remembered how his eyes had always been alive, taking in his surroundings with an unusual level of attentiveness. When he looked at her, she had felt as if he were seeing things other men did not. Yes, he had been mesmerized by her titties (and she touched them lovingly as she remembered), but he had gazed into her eyes with an intensity that implied he was seeing not just her eyes, but her thoughts. It had caused her to tingle that first night, and she found herself tingling again as she remembered those hazel eyes penetrating her in a manner that seemed almost sexual. A man should be arrested for taking liberties with her the way Dwight had with his eyes. 

Fraggles also remembered Dwight's toned, athletic body. The way he moved with an ease and grace that belied the tequila he had been drinking. He had seemed very much in control of himself and his situation, like someone used to being in command of his world. She had noticed other women sneaking peeks at Dwight during the course of the evening, even some who were there with other men. It was hard to define, exactly, what it was about him, but he had a calm, confident manner that suggested he could handle anything, and anyone, who crossed his path. Another little bolt of excitement shot through Fraggles' as she flashed back to Dwight's presence.

She wanted to make sure Dwight wouldn't wait so long to call again. So she slipped on a little black dress more appropriate for clubbing than for accounting. It displayed her large, luscious breasts (the physical asset she was most proud of) to their absolute best advantage. A tiny pair of silk panties went under the dress, barely covering her neatly trimmed and scented pussy. She finished off the outfit with a redder, bolder lipstick than she normally wore. The kind of red lipstick that looked good on a man's cock after it had been properly sucked. She smiled as that thought went through her head.

Dwight's office was in a renovated building in LoDo, down on Market Street. It was the type of place with a lot of exposed brick walls, giant wooden beams and an abundance of plants. The essence of gentrified, yuppified downtowns everywhere. Not a look that particularly appealed to Fraggles, but one that was omnipresent, it seemed.

As it turned out, Dwight's suite, #608, was on the top floor of his building. Frags rode the elevator to the top and strode confidently into his outer office. Dwight was not there so she called his name as she took in the surroundings. Even Fraggles had to admit that it looked classy, with a giant arched window that stretched almost to the 13 foot ceiling, overlooked 16th Street Mall and bathed the office in natural light.

Dwight stepped out from a connected room and stopped short as he took in Fraggles in all her sensual, sexy glory. His eyes flickered slightly and he bit his lower lip lightly before he came over and greeted her. He started to stick out a hand to shake, but Fraggles moved in and gave him a warm hug, instead, making sure he would feel her breasts as they pressed against him. 

"Well", he said, "you certainly look lovely today."

"It was warm. I thought this would work." And Fraggles twirled around, giving Dwight a nice look at every inch of her body. He appeared to approve. In fact, Frags noticed a stirring in the pleats of Dwight's Dockers as he took in the sights. 

"Where are those books you wanted me to look at?"

"In my office. Come on in."

Dwight's personal office was similar to the outer room, with another large, arched window. This room, though, had an executive desk and chair with a stuffed leather sofa along one wall next to a table. A couple of visitors' chairs completed the sparse furnishings. 

He motioned Frags to sit in one of the visitor chairs and he sat in the one next to it. 

"Let me tell you a little about my problem. We have issues with how to account for goodwill, as well as accounting for some of the client contracts where projects are paid for over time, not necessarily as the work gets completed." He walked around the desk and pulled out a folder. "Here is a sample of one of those contracts." 

Fraggles joined Dwight on that side of the desk and bent over to look inside the folder he was holding. As she did, she realized that the little black dress was no longer covering her ass. She also realized that being bent over like that gave Dwight an unobstructed view of her breasts, held in by the sheerest, sexiest bra she owned. It was unlike her to be this forward, but she couldn't seem to stop herself. 

Even Dwight, as in control as he liked to be, couldn't ignore Fraggles now. He eyed her sumptuous breasts and looked admiringly at her smooth, rounded ass. Throwing caution to the wind, Dwight took Frags' face lightly in his hands and kissed her. Gently at first, then harder and deeper as he felt her respond. She felt him pull her in close as they kissed and she felt the effect she was having on him. His cock had grown hard and now it was urgently straining against her. 

She was scarcely aware of what was happening when she felt her dress drop and Dwight's hands go to her breasts. The next thing she knew, her bra was off and hitting the floor as well. For a second, she felt a moment of panic, but the panic was replaced immediately with a feeling of desire. She moaned as Dwight's hands lustfully rubbed her breasts and touched her nipples, lightly, erotically. Lowering his face, he began to kiss her breasts, going from one to the other. He sucked on her hard, responsive nipples, tonguing them, making her tingle each time that tongue flicked from one to the other. Excitement from her nipples ran straight down to her pussy. 

After several minutes of breast play, Dwight slipped a finger inside her panties and found that pussy, aroused, hot and wet. His finger slid up and down her slit, making sure it brushed against her swollen, sensitive clit with each stroke. He would flick the clit softly, which caused her to jump and groan. Frags looked at Dwight and it seemed almost sadistic, the pleasure he got from watching her spasm each time he made her jump. She felt like her clit was so engorged it might explode if she didn't come soon.

She wasn't sure how much more of this teasing she could handle, when suddenly Dwight lifted her and sat her on the edge of his desk. 

"I want to eat your pussy."

Slipping her panties off, Dwight lowered his face and took in the scent of her powerful arousal. When his tongue shot out and hit her clit the first time, Frags thought for sure she was going to come right away, but Dwight had other ideas. He took his time, licking her slit, tonguing her clit, sucking the engorged button between his lips. Each time Frags thought she was about to come, he would take a slight break and kiss her thighs. Caress her breasts. She felt her eyes crossing as he mercilessly teased her cunt and kept her on the very edge of orgasm. She squirmed, trying to keep his tongue in her.

"Please let me cum. Please, Dwight." 

And with that, he made one final attack with his mouth. He ate that pussy like a man possessed. This time, when she got to the edge, he went after it even harder. Screaming, Frags began to shake and her legs clinched around Dwight's head, threatening to drown him in pussy juice. She grabbed him and pulled him deeper and she felt herself thrashing uncontrollably as the orgasm swept over her. 

Unable to focus her eyes after coming, Fraggles felt Dwight towering over her again. This time, his cock was out, hard, erect, standing at attention. It was bright purple, looking menacingly angry. She recognized it as the type of cock that would take what it wanted and could give her what she needed, a good hard fucking. He brought it near her face and she wrapped her lips around it and began to suck. Her lips worked up and down the deeply veined shaft, taking as much of him as she could handle. She took her tongue and tasted the precum that had gathered on the tiny slit. It was sweet and she wanted more. 

She loved the way his dick felt, slithering in and out of her mouth like a sexually excited snake. Cupping his balls lightly in her fingers as she swallowed his cock, she was trying to coax Dwight to come for her in her mouth, the way she had come for him. Each time her lips slid lower on his stiff shaft, Frags would squeeze his balls, making Dwight involuntarily jerk and drive his cock even deeper in her throat. Frags felt her own excitement growing as she sensed Dwight's balls tightening and she knew he was close to losing control and giving her his load. As it turned out, Dwight had another plan besides getting "just" a great blowjob. 

He picked up Fraggles and moved her next to the giant arched window, facing it. As Fraggles looked out on the city, Dwight entered her from behind. Her breasts pushed against the tinted glass, feeling the sun's heat on her nipples as she felt Dwight's heated cock in her cunt. He fucked her rhythmically, starting slow and moving faster as his excitement grew. His dick seemed to get even bigger and harder the longer they fucked. It was filling her wet box and making her juices over flow. Frags knew herself, and she knew Dwight's cock would be covered with her thick, creamy cum. She couldn't help that she was the type of woman who needed to fuck. The type of woman whose body made men need to fuck her. The type of woman whose pussy was able to pleasure a man in ways he could never forget. 

Fraggles noticed people walking on the sidewalk below, people who only had to glance up and they would see her naked body, breasts pressed against the glass, legs spread wide, and watch her being fucked like an insatiable slut. Dwight was driving his dick into her like a man possessed, grunting and groaning like a wild animal. There was sex juice splattering everywhere each time their bodies clashed together. 

The combination of Dwight's cock pounding her pussy and her mind seeing the movie she was putting on for the Saturday downtown crowd was too intense, and Frags began to cum again. As her body shook, Dwight pressed her even harder against the window glass, ramming her deep and forcefully, making her take every frantic inch he had to give her. She could feel Dwight's cock getting ready to release its load and she could take it no longer. Her body stiffened with a second orgasm ... and then she collapsed with exhaustion. 

Dwight straddled her limp body and she looked into his face with anticipation. He gave a couple of quick tugs on his swollen dick and it loosed an enormous load of cum on her naked breasts. Hot drops hit her nipples and made her shudder. Streams of cum ran off her big titties and into her cleavage, creating a small cum river that flowed across her belly and dripped onto her still sensitive pussy. She was in cum heaven as his cock gave her titties what she had so desperately wanted. 

As she slowly regained her composure, Frags began to blush, seeing herself sitting on the floor, sexually spent, covered with cum. And then, as if he sensed her thoughts, Dwight pulled a small, clean white towel out of a gym bag and tossed it to her, smiling.

"Here, baby. Time to clean up." 

His smile dissolved any misgivings she might be having. It was a smile that told her how much he had enjoyed her. That he respected her. That he was the type of man she could work under. All that, from just one special smile.

Yes, she knew, this was going to be a moonlighting job she could really enjoy.