 Since English is not my native language, please bear with me. Thanks!

*****

This is a true story and a sweet memory of mine, with a lady I've met at the pool.

In my pride, I should say that I've hooked her, but I'm afraid that the things went quite vice-versa...

It's a beautiful summer morning.

I am on a holiday and I've returned from the sea side just a few days ago.

I cannot tell how come, but all the guys and girls I've called seem to be out of town.

I've forgotten to mention that I am eighteen, and a student.

The apartment is silent, since my parents are at work.

What shall I do now? If I decide to go to a movie, it will surely be hot and probably crowded...

The better solution is to go to the pool - after coming from the shore of the sea, the pool will, of course, look tiny, even the large, olympic one, but, who knows, maybe I find some people I know over there...

It's almost ten, but the place isn't as crowded as I've been suspecting...

I lay the large towel on the grass, then go to check the water - warm, cold, how is it?

It's not too cold, but, still, I decide to postpone taking a bath...

I turn and get going to my towel - luckily, I've been inspired and have brought a book with me.

After a short time, I sense someone approaching - loooooong legs, accentuated by some very high heeled sandals, a short white summer dress, a large bag, beautiful boobs, beautiful face - the sun glasses don't let me see the color of her eyes, and a beautiful dark blond hair...

I pretend to continue reading, praying that she will put her towel somewhere around.

I'm lucky, since she decides to stop at just a few meters from me, puts down her bag, takes out a towel and arranges it on the grass - she's right in front of me...

She takes off her sandals, then disrobes, showing a flat tummy, and, generally, a nicely proportioned tanned body...

Honestly, I like what I see, but there is a little problem...

The lady is in her early twenties, and, as I've mentioned, I'm only eighteen.

Still, I remember how everybody tells me that I don't look like a teenager anymore...

Furthermore, I smoke, so the pack of cigarettes is right beside my bag.

Now, I know the drill - if I ogle, that's all that I may get.

More than this, she might be expecting for someone...

So, boy, back to the book and... don't think dirty, since you may get a problem with your bathing suit, that may instantly become too small...

I raise in the lotus position and, this time, start doing some real reading...

After ten minutes, or so, I sense that the lady stands up and, to my surprise, approaches me.

I then see that she has a cigarette between her fingers, so I immediately grab my lighter from under the towel and give her a light.

She says: "Thanks, I've forgotten mine at home, on the table, when I've drank my coffee this morning."

I smile at her: "No problem, as long as I am here, you can use mine"...

"That's very nice of you! Thanks!"

Then she raises and gets back to her towel.

After about another half an hour, she approaches again - we follow the same procedure, she thanks me then: "Look, if you don't mind my asking - there is that guy that has arrived a few minutes ago, and he has put his towel quite close to mine, and, ever since, his only job is to keep on looking at me - it makes me feel like an animal at the market - would you mind if I move my towel beside yours?"...

"Not at all! By all means"

She turns to her towel and I, quickly put down the book and run to help her - I take the towel, she takes the bag, and here we are...

The guy she's told me about is giving me some fierce looks - he is in his late twenties, as he looks, but he knows nothing about my training...

Anyway, nothing happens, so things just cool down.

"By the way, I'm Olivia"

I also introduce myself, then, for the sake of the conversation, I tell her: "In fact, it's much better like that, since now you won't have to run for a lighter around"...

She smiles, grabs a cigarette, and I oblige with the light.

Now, it will be the difficult moment - what if she asks me what I do - that, if I'm honest, will automatically lead to my age...

Anyway, the guy that's been ogling at Olivia saves me for the moment, since he grabs his things and goes away, with the looks of a hunter, trying to find another single female...

"Gosh! I can't believe how some men can be!" Olivia seems genuinely indignant...

"You cannot have a little bit of peace in a public place, since, out of nowhere, guys like this come to spoil the mood"...

It's my moment of correctness...

"Now, I'm sorry, but you should be aware of the fact that I've also noticed your presence, and, also, sorry again, but I've also admired you"...

Olivia smiles at me, giggles a little, then tells me: "Do you think that I haven't noticed?!? We, women, have a certain radar about it. The difference is that you have behaved in a proper manner, not like, excuse my saying, a jerk"... She then continues: "In what concerns your looking at me, then, sorry, but you cannot be a man if you don't, at least, look!"...

Now it's time to throw a cannon ball: "Well, this is the ordeal of the beautiful women - they are cursed to be looked at, admired, lusted for, and so on"...

She bursts into laughter: "Keep on telling me such things and I will sew my towel to yours! Now, dear, let's be serious - it's obvious that you like me, and also, my presence beside you proves that you have, at least, two qualities - you are good looking and decent!"...

I say thanks and grab and light another cigarette.

She looks at me, takes off her sun glasses, letting me see that she's also got a beautiful pair of dark green eyes, then puts them back: "Now, aren't you smoking too much for a guy of your age? Not to mention that you generally shouldn't smoke at all?..." 

Now, I'm in trouble: "I've started smoking when I was only twelve... So I've got some experience, if I may say so"...

She looks at me, smiling: "Now, if someone looks at you, will probably guess that you are twenty four or something - but you cannot fool me - you are still a teenager - nineteen at most!"...

My answer must be sharp, clever, and not insulting her intelligence...

"And, does it bother you? I mean, I can do lots of things, but aging before my time is something that I cannot do..."

"Oh yes you can, but not when you are here, almost naked - the skin of your body betrays you"...

While saying that, Olivia caresses my shoulder and arm with the back of her fingers...

I sense that something is gonna happen downstairs, so I quickly change the position of my body from lotus, on my tummy.

This makes Olivia burst into laughter, and me blush. Seeing that, Olivia starts laughing even louder, while I can do nothing but just frown...

After a few moments she stops: "Look! I'm sorry if you feel insulted, it wasn't intended"...

"I don't feel insulted, but your touch has provoked a certain reaction"...

She starts laughing again: "Yes, I couldn't help but notice - but don't worry! Women usually love to see they can provoke such reactions to men!"...

Now, this is good - she has said women and men, she hasn't used words like girls and boys...

She pauses a moment, then suddenly asks me: "How is the water? Did you check it?"

"Well, I have checked it as soon as I've arrived, at about ten - not too cold, but not really warm"...

"Anyway, I haven't come for bathing - I just wanted to stay an hour or so for some tanning"...

"I have recently come from the sea side, so you can imagine my pleasure when I see these little pools over here"...

She finishes her cigarette, then asks me: "Anyway, since we are here, what do you say if we try to have a bath, then let the sun dry us, and, afterwards, we can move under the trees, or do something else"...

Now, it's clear that she's taken me in her custody - as you can guess, I'm game...

We go into the water, we start swimming, and Olivia, by "mistake", touches my dick with her hand, then pushes my belly with her leg, swimming away to the margin of the pool. She turns to me: "Are you coming?"

I approach her, and, at the exit ladder, I "help" her climb, with my hand firmly grasping her ass cheek...

After she gets out, she looks at me, smiling: "I deserved that!"

We reach back at our towels, and she says: "Look, I think I'm done for today with the sun - why don't we go at a terrace? My treat." 

She pauses for a moment, probably thinking that she has become too patronizing, or something, then continues: "Oh! Sorry! Maybe you would like to stay some more, or have another schedule"...

I say: "Let's grab our stuff and get out of here!"

We reach at the cabins, to change, but the front ones are all occupied.

I take her to the ones in the back, and tell her we can go at the ones at the first floor, since those are usually empty.

I immediately find an empty one - in fact, there is no one on the first floor terrace, excepting us.

I open the door and let Olivia enter, and then prepare myself to go to another cabin.

I turn around, but I feel Olivia's hand grabbing my arm and dragging me inside the cabin, with her.

She whispers: "Shut the door and lock it!"

I comply, then turn around, let my bag fall on the floor, and embrace the woman who's obviously in heat, even if the swimming suit is still wet...

Our lips collide, our tongues meet, and I quickly help Olivia take off her bra - my lips hungrily attacking her wet nipples - the smell of chlorine is still present on both our bodies, since we've skipped the showers, but this doesn't stop me try to engulf the lady's boobs.

Her nipples are tiny, but I cannot ask God to only aloud the women to have large suckable nipples as I love to enjoy...

I bite them a little too hard, so that she lets out a muffled scream.

Then she jiggles: "Easy boy! I'm not edible... and I may take my revenge!"...

Her hand is already under my shorts, deep down under my still wet balls...

She's scratching me under my balls, making me jump - the more she scratches and pushes, the harder I suck at her nipples...

We really are in a frenzy - suddenly, I let her go, take off my shorts and sit on the bench - each cabin is provided with a small bench, attached to the wall.

While taking the seat, I already start dragging Olivia's panties - she helps me take them off, raising one foot at a time...

Gosh! We are both naked now, so that I grab the woman's ass cheeks and bring her right close to me.

Needless to say that my dick is fully loaded with blood, so that I let my ass sit on the edge of the bench, then I grab Olivia's foot, helping her climb on the bench.

She gets my point, so that she supports the weight of her body with the help of her arms surrounding the back of my neck, puts the other foot on the bench, then slowly lets herself flex her knees, getting close to the head of my dick.

I grab my dick with a hand, helping it aim the entrance of her wet cunt.

In spite of the wetness, she's not slippery, probably due to the water we just got out from, so that we have to take it slow, real slow...

The head of my dick is probing between her labia for a minute or two, when, fortunately, I start oozing precum.

The best lubricant money can buy...

I'm in, and getting deeper.

She sighs, and I instantly feel a flood of vaginal juices covering my dick, then I can sense her vibrating muscles down there...

I'm not sure, so I ask: "Did you orgasm already?"

She starts humping me, while whispering: "Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yesssssss!"...

I can already feel her cervix, uterus, and each and every tiny part of her wonderful vagina - she's letting herself with almost all her weight on my dick, while my finger is probing the entrance of her anus.

She suddenly stops, takes a hand from around my neck and pushes my hand away from her ass: "No! No! Not here! Not now!"...

Believe it, or not, but in less than ten minutes, I feel the urge to spread my jizz...

I tell her: "Sorry, but I'm almost ready!"...

She starts breathing harder: "Try to keep it a little bit more, if you can, but don't let yourself cum in me! No way!"...

She starts assaulting my dick, moving her ass faster, stronger, and even impaling herself deeper - it takes her a little bit more than a minute, until she starts moaning, while her cunt is convulsing on my ready to go dick...

The feeling is overwhelming and I realize that I cannot keep it in anymore...

"Look! I'm almost there! Really close! Do something! Now!"...

"On my leg! On my leg for now!",,,

She jumps away, then quickly grabs my dick and starts jerking it, while keeping it's head pressed on her inner thigh...

I'm soooooooo ready! I explode on her thigh, while she's rubbing my dick head on it...

After I'm finished, she bends towards her bag, takes out a towel, wipes my dick, then her thigh...

She excuses herself: "I know that you've probably been expecting something else, and I shall surely do it, but first, we need to reach my place and take a proper shower"...

Who am I to protest?...

She looks at me, smiling: "Now you will have to decide what terrace we are going to"...

It's my turn to smile and reply: "We are going, if you don't mind, directly at your place, or mine, as you prefer, and take that bloody proper shower!"...

She giggles: "Naughty, naughty boy! Why such a rush?!?"

I aim, with my hand, towards my dick: "Can't you see that I'm already almost hard again?"...

She laughs while looking: "All right! Let's get going!"...

After a short conversation, we have decided to go at her place, since she is supposed to go, the following day, at work, and she cannot appear there in a short summer robe...

She avoids giving me details, but she lets me understand that her line of work is something connected with diplomacy, or something of the genre...

I have been taught, from a very early age, that if someone avoids telling you something, and if you don't really need to know, best is to be discreet, and do not insist...

Her small apartment is stuffed with north African objects - small wooden statues, cases, and some other stuff...

I don't ask and try to act as natural as possible...

My only concern is that, as I've heard, those people do have some peculiar diseases, about which our doctors don't have too much knowledge...

Anyway, now it's too late, since I've already fucked the lady without any protection...

Olivia excuses herself, goes to the kitchen, then comes back with two very large glasses with some beverage made of I don't know what fruits - in fact, she's told me, but the information has faded away the moment it has been provided to me...

Then she tells me: "We don't need to drink it all now - first we can take a shower, then I shall bring some ice - it will be still good - I know it from experience"...

The bath tub is relatively small, but we manage to get in together - she makes me turn with my back towards her, shampoos me with something I've never smelled, then takes a luffa and starts rubbing my back, my ass, my legs, then turns me around and starts with my shoulders, chest, belly, and the front side of my legs...

She puts the luffa away and starts rubbing and caressing my pubes, my dick, my balls...

Then she stops: "Give me the shower now".

I give her what she's asked for, and she starts cleansing me, from head to toes...

She's on her knees, my dick is hard as a rock, so that when she engulfs it, it comes natural...

Gosh, she's great! She's sucking me, licking me, caressing my balls with her hands, grabbing my ass cheeks from time to time...

My greedy hands are grabbing her by her hair, and I keep on dragging her closer to me, tickling her nose with my pubes...

She's gagging from time to time, but it doesn't seem to bother her, so that I keep on pushing hard towards her throat...

I feel that I'm getting close again, so that I tell her, in an affirmative manner: "This time it will be here!"...

She nods, saying "Hmhmmmm!", and starts letting me go even deeper towards her throat...

I explode - my knees are weak and trembling - I do hope that I'm not pulling her hair too hard...

Anyway, she doesn't protest, letting me do my thing...

Finally, I'm getting softer, but not limp...

Suddenly, she lets go my dick from her mouth, then tells me: "Now, won't you please dry yourself with a towel, then wait a few minutes in the living, please"...

I've been taught to be polite, so that I ask: "Are you sure you don't want me to rub your back?"...

"No! No! No! Not now! Just go and wait for me there, pleeeease!"

I jump from the tub, dry myself a little, then get out from the bathroom...

After a little bit more than ten minutes, Olivia appears, and gets started to a very peculiar music - something I've never heard, from Africa, as she tells me...

She looks around, a little bit confused, then looks directly at my dick: "Now, I remember saying something about some ice for the drinks, but, as I can see, we first need to attend some other matters"...

Saying this, she leaves the large towel that's been covering her on the back of a chair, gently grabs me by my arm and tells me: "Let's go and test the bed"...

She turns towards me: "Look, I can see that you are full of stamina - so please don't try to extend it - just do your thing, and, the moment you feel it coming, let me know"...

She then lays on her bed, grabs and raises her feet, putting them behind her head: "Now, give it to me!"...

The shower has made her dry down there again, so I start slowly...

She whispers: "Saliva, use saliva! Spit on it!"...

I aim and spit on the head of my dick and also at the entrance of her cunt...

The spit really makes the difference - I enter her cunt in a flash and start pumping - I'm clearly stretching her, but she's not protesting...

"Do it as you wish, as you feel like, but, don't forget - the moment you feel the jet coming, let me know!"...

I'm on my elbows and knees - I have to admit that the way she keeps her legs behind her head give me a perfect angle - my hips are moving fast - real fast - she grabs a piece of dark brown wood, something like an wooden spoon, but with no convection, and bites on it...

I keep on pumping, deep and hard...

We do this exercise for almost twenty minutes - suddenly the alarm bell starts ringing - I'm close.

So I tell her.

She throws away the "spoon", beside her pillow.

"Now stop!"

I stop, as told...

"Now, take it out, and eeeeeeeeeeeeeeasy stick it up my ass... But EASY!"

It's not the first time when I fuck a woman's ass, so that I am, let's say, accustomed with the procedures...

But this woman seems to want it rough - she puts back the wooden spoon in her mouth, and, with her hands, grabs my ass cheeks...

I comply...

The nails of her fingers are deeply pressing my skin - I don't know if she's gonna have some blood of mine on her fingers, but I comply and fuck her hard - real hard! No mercy!...

Gosh! Finally! I explode!...

I stop, embracing her, taking away the wooden spoon from her mouth, and desperately kissing her...

We stay like that for a minute or two, then she stops me: "Now, be a good boy and wash, as good as you can, your wonderful dick - I'm not done, yet, with you!"...

I go and wash, as instructed, then Olivia raises from the bed and goes to the bathroom...

This time, it takes her more than twenty minutes to come back...

She goes directly to the kitchen and brings some ice cubes - she was right - the drinks are still fine...

I look at the wrist watch and realize that, by now, at least one of my parents should be at home...

So, I ask: "Now, Olivia, what is your plan for the rest of the afternoon and evening?"
