 "Hey, when are you coming over tonight? It's Friday, remember?" 

Every other Friday, 18 year olds Ana and Eva would crash at one of their houses. Tonight it was Eva's house. 

---

It was around 7 when Ana arrived, and Eva and her 24 year old brother James was visiting. They were watching a movie, and James wasn't wearing a shirt. Ana had to stifle her gasp as she gazed at his perfect, tanned body. He noticed it anyway. 

"Hey Ana, how's it goin?" he asked her with a smile that held only a hint of a smirk. 

"It's goin." 

She threw her stuff on the ground and lay in between Eva and her brother. "Wait," Ana said. "Is Eva...asleep?" 

James leaned up to look over Ana's body. "Haha, yeah, she is. Loser." 

"Well I guess I'll get ready to sleep then too," she said with a smile. She grabbed her bag and walked towards the bathroom to change. She could feel James' eyes on her ass and turned around. She raised her eyebrow at him. 

"What?" he shrugged nonchalantly. "It was right there. Who could resist?" 

She rolled her eyes and stepped onto the cold, tiled floor of the bathroom and closed the door. She lifted her tank top over her head and pulled her shorts over her thighs and kicked them off. She looked at her naked body in the mirror and wished she looked like Eva – skinny, tall, blonde. She cupped her round breasts and then slid her hands down her flat stomach and onto her big, curvy hips. She turned to the side to check out her ass. It was round and bubble-shaped. That's what I get for being a Latina, she thought. 

Just as she was reaching for her pajamas, the door opened. "Shit!" she said as she attempted to cover herself. "James, get out!" 

James, however, didn't listen to a word she said and closed the door only after he had stepped inside the bathroom. He locked it behind him and leaned back. His eyes ran down her body, all the way from her thick, wavy black hair and pouty lips to her perfect tits and pierced belly button. They lingered at her shaven pussy. "James," she hissed. "What the hell are you doing?" 

He took a few steps towards her. "I'm not doing anything but looking, Ana. Unless you want more." 

Ana's breath shallowed as James began unbuckling his belt. With it he took off his pants, under which he wore no underwear. His cock was visibly hardening as Ana stood in speechless shock. "Sit on the counter," he told her. She didn't say anything, but inside she was wondering why the hell she was so powerless to him. 

He spread her legs open with his hands and blew lightly on her glistening pussy. She shivered and scooted forward so his face was closer to her. 

"Baby, I've wanted to lick your pussy for so long," he told her. 

"Really?"

"Yes, really. Who could resist such a beautiful, luscious boricua like yourself?" 

She smiled and blushed. He smiled up at her and leaned his head towards her body so his lips were almost touching her pussy. 

"Do you want it, baby?" 

"God yes, James, yes." 

"What do you want?" 

"I want you to lick my pussy, James Matthew Black. Do it," she told him as she grabbed his short hair and pushed his head towards her. He smiled widely and kissed her clit. He slowly slid his finger inside her dripping wet pussy. "Wow, Ana, I never knew." 

"Knew what?"

"Knew how much you wanted it." 

He slid his finger in and out of her tight pussy and rubbed her clit in circles with his thumb. Ana moaned and arched her back. He licked her pussy lips with wide, flat strokes and then plunged his tongue deep inside her tight, wet, virgin pussy. 

"Get on your hands and knees," he commanded her. She turned her body to face the wall and did just that. James felt her curvy body from her tits to her waist and then her thighs. He squeezed her ass with his palms and opened her cheeks so he could see Ana's pink pussy and her little pink asshole as well. He leaned forward to lick the area between her pussy hole and her asshole and sucked on it until it was nice and red. He dipped his finger into her soaking pussy and then suddenly shoved it into her ass. She screamed, so he smothered her mouth with his other hand. 

"Shut up Ana!" he told her. "I really don't want my parents hearing this." She nodded to show him she understood. He removed his hand from her face. 

He began fucking her ass with his finger again, slowly slipping it in and out of her as he licked her pussy. James took his finger out of her ass and brought some of her pussy juice to her asshole with his tongue. He moved his tongue in slow circles around her tight pink asshole and slowly pushed the tip into it, but only just enough to make her shiver. Ana moaned and wriggled but there was no denying the juices dripping down her thighs from her aroused pussy. James ran his finger up the trail of Ana's pussy juice and put his finger to her lips. "Lick it," he told her. "It tastes so good, Ana Maria." She did. 

He buried his face once more between her thick thighs and pulled her clit into his mouth and pulsed it slowly between his lips, gathering speed until she was screaming with her orgasm. Her hips jerked and her pussy juices spilled onto James' mouth and chin. 

"Cum for me baby," he whispered. "Don't stop." Ana lifted his head up with her fingers and leaned to kiss his mouth. 

"God, I do taste good," she mused. "Play with me with your cock," she told him. James took his rock hard dick in his hand and rubbed it against Ana's pussy. He dipped it shallowly in and out of her hole, maybe a half an inch at most. Her pussy gripped his cock head tightly and she winced as he slid himself into her body an inch further. He bent his body towards hers and began pinching her nipple. He squeezed the hard, pink nub until she groaned with pleasure and pain. 

"Fuck me, James," she told him. "Push that cock into my tight little pussy as hard as you can." 

His jaw dropped and his eyes rolled back as he shoved his cock all the way inside her impossibly tight, wet pussy. He squeezed both her tits and felt her contract even harder with her labored breathing while tiny droplets of sweat beaded on her forehead and the small of her back. She pushed her ass back onto his pelvis and began rocking back and forth as he did the same. 

The rhythm of their bodies colliding made her ass bounce every time it hit his body. He spanked it hard. She gasped but didn't stop moving against him. She expertly squeezed her pussy muscles around his cock, which was by now harder than it ever had been. 

"You're so goddamn tight," he told her. 

"You know I'd be tighter if you put that big dick into my ass," she said as she leaned forward enough for his cock to pop out of her dripping pussy and positioned it against her asshole. "Go on, baby. Push it into me." 

He was shocked. No other woman had ever been willing to give him her ass unless he asked for it first. But he wasn't about to let this opportunity pass, so he rammed his cock straight into her asshole and groaned – almost screamed – with the sensation of it. Ana rotated her hips in figure eights until James told her, "You know Ana, if you keep doing that I'm not going to be able to stand this much longer." 

"I don't want you to last much longer, baby. I want you to cum inside my asshole, James Matthew. Do it." 

With that he began pummeling his rock hard cock into her ass, which was shiny with sweat and pink where he had spanked her. Within a few minutes he was shooting his load into her ass. He reluctantly slowed his thrusts when he was too sensitive to continue. He all but collapsed on top of her. 

He stood panting with his softening dick still buried in her ass until she said, "Alright James, your bedroom it is."