 Setting: We're sitting on the couch, watching a slow burning fire, enjoying each others company, you are wearing a silk robe, and me, I have silk boxers on.

We start, I lean in to kiss you, our lips gaze each other and we slowly part them, my tongue starts playing with yours, our eyes closed, we are breathing heavily due to our embrace. My arms wrap around you, drawing you closer to me, you climb on top of me your legs on either side of me, your robe slightly parted, exposing your bare pussy. 

I lean in to kiss you, our lips meet again, I tilt my head gently to the side and my lips trail off of yours onto your jawbone, down to your neck, where I lick and kiss it, gently biting it, you weave your hands in my hair and draw me to your neck, leaning your head back and moaning. I keep kissing it, occasionally nibbling on your ear. 

My hands trail from your sides, to your tummy, slipping under your robe, I keep kissing your neck, while my hands roam about your torso, ticking your ribs and your flanks, I gently bite you as my hands make their way up to your breasts, I cup them in my hands and knead them gently, pinching your nipples, tweaking them a little harder, I make your shrug off your robe, you feel the heat of the fire place against your bare back, I love the color your skin is in the fire's light.

One of my hands let go of your breast and trail down your torso, landing on your shaven pussy, I let my fingers part your lips as I start kissing you on your mouth again. My middle finger starts rubbing your clit in circular motions, your moisture starts building up and you moan, you are muffled by my lips against yours. Your hands reach down to my cock and you undo it from the boxers that are restraining him. He is hard and soaked with precum, you stroke your finger across its head and lift it to your lips licking it and rolling your eyes back in your head.

I stand up with you in my arms, and I sit you on the couch, and I get on my knees in front of you as you part your legs. I can smell your sweet juices, my hands on your thighs, I look up at you then back down, and my lips meet your pussy, my tongue parting its lips as I reach your clit, I flick my tongue across it, then in circles around it, I push my face into you, parting your lips, your juices flow from your hole onto my face. I take your clit in my mouth and suck on it, licking it dry. I slide my hand down your thigh and it meets your hole I start pushing my finger in and you moan, your wetness eases my penetration, I start pumping my finger in you, shortly after I add another one you tilt your bead back in ecstasy. 

Your hands are working on your breasts, kneading them and pinching your own nipples, you are moaning, and secreting a great deal of fluids down there, as I lick every ounce of it up, I probe my tongue in your hole, fucking you with it and rubbing your clit at the ame time.

I stop.

I look up at you and start kissing your hips, up to your tummy, around your belly button, your ribs, one by one, the small of your breasts, your nipple, I start sucking on it, you keep moaning. I break from your nipple and I kiss your collarbone to your neck, where I lick a trail up to your ear, then your jawbone and to your lips, we kiss, you taste your juices all over my face. you quietly moan, my fingers find your clit again, you start moaning louder and louder, I put two fingers in you, I look at you in your eyes.

You reach down and take my cock in your hands and pull on it closer into you, you position yourself at the edge of the couch, and you put me at the entrance of your vagina, you look at me and say "fuck me baby, please, fuck me" I start pushing my cock in you inch after inch it goes into you, your eyes are closed, I start pumping in and out of you, my balls start slapping against you as I increase my rhythm, one of my hands is playing with your breast and the other is holding your hips. I keep making love to you, you bite your bottom lip, I keep thrusting in and out of you, I let go of your breast and put my other hand on your hips. You reach back and dig your fingers into the couch.

I lean in while my hands on your hips and my cock thrusting in and out of you I accelerate my pace, and kiss you on your face.

You look at me and tell you want to switch positions, you let me slide out and you get on your knees with your torso on the couch, you spread your ass cheeks and look back at me. I lean down and I start sucking your pussy from back there, my nose burry’s itself in your hole, as my tongue finds your clit, you push your face in the pillows and scream, I lick your juices up. I trail my tongue up and down, from your asshole to your pussy licking around your asshole moisturizing it with your juices and licking around in your pussy.

I get on my knees behind you and I shove my dick deep in your pussy, in one stroke I am buried into you, you yell out my name, I start shoving it back and forth, my hands are on your hips and I’m pulling you back into me. My balls are slapping against your pussy and you are moaning and screaming, I rub your sides with my hands and keep my motion up, with every stroke my cock grows in you, the head of my cock throbbing in your pussy, I can feel your muscles grabbing my cock.

I keep slamming my cock in you, my hand reaches your hair, and I pull on it gently, then a little harder, my other hand rubbing your back, occasionally reaching around and cupping your breast. Pinching its nipple. You look back at me and you tell me you are there, and ready to cum, you want me to explode inside of you.. I tell you ok, I start pumping harder and faster, you start yelling and moaning, my cock building up its cum, I feel your pussy holding on tight to my cock, milking it of its precum, you start shivering. Telling me that you are ready to cum. I can feel you tightening on me with each spasm. Your pussy sends me over the hilt and I start shooting it into you, squirt after squirt I empty myself into you. I rub your back and your sides weaving my hand in your hair, kissing around your shoulders..

We collapse on the couch and I hold you, we gaze into each others eyes and we kiss, passionately. We both fall asleep...

THE END