 She lives on a busy inner city street in an apartment that looks over one of the more bohemian places in the area. Her second floor home is close to everything a mid-twenties modern woman would want; good takeaway food, good coffee from the many cafes and bars and nightclubs galore (some good, some dire). She had a few friends close by and many more in the surrounding suburbs but she'd become much more of a hermit in recent years due to studying for university and didn't really go out much anymore. Even when coaxed with the offer of good company and fun she would usually crumble to the desire to remain inside the confines of her personal compound, keeping her safe from the outside world.

"Tonight is not going to be one of those nights!" she yells inside her head as she tries to motivate herself for the 50 metre walk across the road to see a friend's band play at one of the more 'indie' bars in her vicinity. No, tonight she'd promised she would go. Although, she has promised in the past and not turned up, sometimes even after her friend had put her name on the door-list using his one guest name allowance, just for her not to show up and then apologise via social networking the next day. No. Tonight is going to be different.

She showers longer than usual, making sure to clean every delicate curve of her svelte body, the steaming hot water caressing her beautifully porcelain skin a mild shade of rose. "I could stay in here forever," she whispers to herself almost succumbing to the urge to plan another night in with her laptop browsing liberal politics and porn. "No. I have to go, I must." And with that thought she turns the shower tap fully cold to invigorate her placid senses. She squeals quietly as she endures the seemingly arctic water, turning the subtle rose tint of her skin back to the usual soft white and the nipples on her large yet perky breasts rock hard. "Argh, that's enough!" She reaches from the shower for the soft warm towel hanging from the rail on the opposite wall and with haste blots as much of the remaining chilling liquid from her skin.

She's clean, she's dressed, and she looks amazing! Not dressing as many other woman her age to go out, in heels and a short dress and smothered in makeup, she's casually wearing Chuck Taylor's, skinny jeans, a Fred Perry polo shirt and her trademark black-rimmed glasses that offset her already stunning face with perfection giving her a look that would melt most right-minded people. As she approvingly checks herself out in the mirror she's suddenly stuck with the horror that she's almost ready to leave her house, her safety, her compound. As if heroically, she summons the courage to get her needed possessions in order: bank card, cigarettes, lighter; check, check, check, and out the door she goes.

It's raining outside, but the only stretch uncovered on her way to the bar is the breadth of a two lane road separating her apartment block from the businesses on the other side, directly under which tonight's venue is located. Her dark hair gets a little wet as she runs to cross the street and as the rain runs from the top of her head across her face, her fringe becomes stuck to her forehead. She bumps into him, almost as if it were setup as a shot in a Hollywood movie. In her hurry to cross the street, while looking at the ground to make sure she didn't land in a puddle, she hadn't noticed him standing directly in her path. She sheepishly laughs and apologises at the same time, all the while her cheeks are turning that same warm rose colour she gets in a hot shower.

"Shit, sorry man. I didn't wanna get wet."

"Nah, it's ok. I'm glad you made it out this time though. I thought you might not show up again."

"Yeah well, you thought wrong coz I'm here."

She nervously fumbles at her tobacco pouch for a paper and a filter and rolls a cigarette.

"What time are you guys on?" she asks.

"Last, so I guess around 1am or so? You know what this place is like."

She does know what this place is like. Probably the closest thing in this city to what would be called a 'dive-bar'. Shitty old decor that has passed the point of being removed to it's now ironic status, kitsch yet amusing gig posters for events that were held years before many of the patrons were born, cheap alcohol and a sea of post-punk, post-goth, post-hardcore, post-{insert genre here} hipster kids. All cynicism aside, the atmosphere in the bar is rather friendly, hosting everything from rock'n'roll to death metal shows, regulars mixing with the rabble that have turned up just to see whatever act is billed that night. Tonight is a punk rock show.

A couple of drinks down, a couple of bands finished, a few acquaintances conversed with, she's content and wondering why she doesn't come out more. She's also been watching him flit backwards and forwards between different members of the other bands, probably talking about who's using whose equipment (due to the lack of space in the bar itself, let alone the performance area, bands usually pool their gear for gigs here). Her eyes watch him with a playful hunger as he sets up his amp for the performance, she's a little tipsy and wanting some fun.

The band entertains her for the 40-odd minutes they play but she's focused on what is now shaping up in her head as tonight's conquest. The show is over and many of the crowd migrate outside to smoke cigarettes or breathe fresh air. She is outside, smoking and a little drunk now. She turns to see him walking towards her, exiting the club's dimly lit doorway into the arcade area where people have congregated.

"How'd you enjoy that?" he asked.

"Yeah, it was cool. You have fun?"

"Totally...I'm glad you made it this time."

She blushes a little and tries to wipe the grin off her face so as not to seem too keen but she's really struggling to not just jump him now, right here in front of the club.

"Yeah well, I can't miss all of the shows all of the time." she retorts.

"I better go pack my shit up before someone steals it."

"Oh, I'll help," she blurts. "I mean, if you need me to."

"Sure, that'd be awesome thanks."

And with that they both descend back into the gloom, leaving the throng smoking and chattering behind them. The bar is a lot emptier now with a few barflys clutching the last of their drinks and a smattering of people through the nooks and crannies of the bar. His car is parked behind the venue in an open-air carpark accessed from the bar via a narrow hallway-cum-alley that is as dirty and dodgy as the come. Holding as much as they can possibly carry, they shuffle out the bar's back door and down the long poorly lit rear passage. He unlocks his car and the cases are unceremoniously shoved inside and as he closes the door he turns to find her standing surprisingly close to him; staring into his eyes with a lustful hunger. She grabs him by the shoulders and kisses him passionately rubbing her wanton body against his. Slightly taken aback he flinches which causes the embrace to cease. She would normally feel rejected by this but tonight her soul is on fire and she stares into his eyes once more with a naughty smile and a desire to grind his body to dust.

"Haha, wow! I wasn't quite ready for that," he chuckles embarrassed.

"What's going to help you get ready then?" she cheekily replies.

"Well, to be honest I have to get one last thing from inside."

She huffs despondently like air leaving a deflating balloon. She thought this was going to be the moment, up against his car, under the amber lights of the carpark. Obviously not.

"I'll only be a minute," he says in an effort to keep the feeling of the situation alight.

"Oh, I'm coming with you," not wanting to stand out here by herself and they both navigate their way back down the passage to the bar.

There only seems to be staff left inside, having a few drinks before locking up for the night. He looks at the now empty stage confused.

"You looking for the guitars that were there mate?" the bar manager yells from the back of the room.

"Yeah," he replies.

"Your other band mates took them, they said they thought you'd gone and left them behind."

"Idiots! Like I'm gonna leave them here." He sighs with a little relief not only knowing that they're most probably safe but that he doesn't have to lug them out and somehow tetris them into his car.

"You guys want a drink?" the bar manager asks. He's had a good night and is willing to shout a round or two in exchange for more company than just tonight's remaining staff.

"Yeah sure," he replies not noticing her subtle body language messages to decline the offer.

"Beers?" the manager asks, to which they both nod their heads.

The beer is cool and refreshing but the fire inside her is raging out of control. Standing next to each other leaning against the bar she covertly moves her foot up and down against his leg in a slightly impatient manner whilst keeping a slight distance above the bar so as to try not to alert the bar manager to her intentions. With beers finished and conversations of music and armchair philosophy ended the manager looks around to make sure the bar is ready to close.

"We can still get out the back way can't we?" he asks.

"I thought you lived across the street?" the bar manager fields at her.

"Yeah I do, but... I'm just gonna go have a ciggie..."

"Haha, yeah ok, spare me the excuses," the manager laughs. Her face turns bright pink, giving them both away.

"I'll let you out and lock up behind you."

They move across the floor of the bar towards the clunky metal back door and as they pass through the bar manager says his farewells, slams the door shut and chains and bolts are heard on the other side securing it locked for the evening. They wait silently for a few seconds after the noise of door locking has stopped before bursting into laughter, then from laughter to embrace and as if the earlier moment in the carpark wasn't interrupted, they resume the deep passionate kiss.

Her hands are all over him sliding up and down his back feeling for every detail under his slightly damp black shirt. He smells of fresh perspiration and a hint of cologne, she smells of cigarettes and perfume. His hands, which have been holding her tight against him, so tight her breasts have been crushed into his chest so hard they're at the point of aching, are now maneuvering under the back of her polo shirt to touch her naked skin. It's like electricity, the both of them feeling slightly weak at the knees yet the only response is to hold each other tighter. He reaches up to her bra clasp and expertly unhooks it with one hand. She pulls her face away from his and chuckles, finding his lack of fumbling with her bra a little surprising.

"You're good at that," she says with a cheeky smile beaming at him.

He forcefully spins her body around 180 degrees and pulls her back against him, her butt, perfectly framed by the skinny jeans she's wearing, pressing up against his rock-hard boner imprisoned by his dirty black jeans. He launches his mouth for her neck gently kissing and biting just below her ears and slowly moving up to chew delicately on her lobe. She grinds her ass as hard as she can against his trapped cock as he reaches under the front of her shirt, pushing the loose brassiere out of the way with the back of his fingers to cup her perfect tits. Pinching her nipples between his fingers she sighs and moans and she reaches for his hands through her shirt to encourage him further. As he kneads her breasts harder she slides her hands down across her body to grab his hips from behind and pull him even tighter into her round little bum.

His right hand then tenderly slips down across her belly to the top of her jeans where he once more undoes the button like a pro and zips down her fly. She gasps, knowing what's about to come and her apprehension of feeling him caress her makes her shiver rather violently. He gently pushes his hand between her panties and her skin and his fingers search for her waiting warm mound. She involuntarily thrusts her pelvis forward to meet his fingers, shifting the focus away from grinding her butt against his cock to grinding her pussy into his hand. She's wet, very wet and she's so hot it feels like it could burn his fingers. As she grinds into him, her soft labia part to offer his fingers her throbbing clit and he runs his fingers slowly backwards and forwards across it gently sinking a finger into her pussy, in and out, in time with her grinding at the bottom of every stroke. "Oh fuck yes," she says in a half-whisper, half-moan.

As the dizzying initial impact of their situation leaves them they both realise where they are; in a run down back alley entrance to a dive bar, with the sound of rain hitting the tin roof not too far above them, nearby dance clubs still in full swing and the smell of restaurant's kitchen ventilation. She's got him pinned up against one of the two brick walls that create the dark passage they're in as she grinds her pelvis from his groin to his hand, he's still nibbling at her neck and her head is thrown back as far as it will go over his left shoulder with her mouth gaping wide in ecstasy.

Slowly he inches more of his middle finger inside her still mindful to pay attention to her clit but she grabs his arm roughly indicating that he's not moving fast enough. "More..." she gasps, and with that he slides his ring finger in to aid the effort of the other and buries them deep inside her, curving them up to reach for her G spot. She grinds into his hand even harder than before. "Ahhh..." she whispers, as if an itch had finally been scratched. He rubs his fingers up and over her soft spot with more vigour than before as if she's now given a mandate for roughness. She reaches behind her to find the bulge at the front of his jeans, pounding with every involuntary muscle contraction in his loins. She carefully undoes his top jeans button and rips at his fly to come down, pulling his jeans halfway down his thighs with his underwear now the only thing between his cock and the open air. 

With a fevered fury she shoves her hand into his pants and grabs his dick so hard it almost hurts. She pulls his grey underwear down with the other hand enough for his penis and balls to pop out over the top and with his cock in one hand and his balls in the other she starts to return the caressing he's been giving her. "Ohhh damn..." he sighs. The tip of his cock is slick from pre-cum which she can feel as she slides back his foreskin with every stroke. His cock is pulsing hard and her tender spot is becoming more sensitive with every pass of his slippery fingers. Her grinding becomes faster and more violent, with every thrust of her pelvis she lets out a little grunt and just when he thinks they might lose balance and fall she thrusts her pelvis forward without bringing it back, her legs and tummy shake uncontrollably and his fingers are almost forced out of her with a gush of hot liquid then covering them. "Ohhh fuck, ohhh fuck..."

She's stopped caressing him, simply holding on tightly as she gathers her senses after one of the most intense orgasms she's had in years. She can feel her panties are sodden from her little squirt, of which she feels a little self conscious. "That was awesome," he whispers in her ear putting her shame to rest, his wet hand coming up to his mouth for a taste of her passionate explosion. She spins around to face him again, cheeks fully flushed and glasses slightly askew, and kisses him again tasting herself in his mouth. Her polo shirt and bra now sitting atop her breasts as if they were a necklace and her jeans starting to ride down her thighs, she sinks to her knees and without any warning swallows his cock into her eager mouth. He falls back against the wall, one of her hands up on his belly seemingly keeping him pinned, the other wrapped around the base of his phallus gently massaging his nuts. She can taste his pre-cum, sweet and salty at the same time as she devours his cock. He gently cups her head as she moves her mouth backwards and forwards over his girth. She can feel it pulsing inside her mouth with every stroke. Her tongue expertly lashing itself over and around his glans causing him to shudder every now and then. He takes a deep breath and she can tell he's about to cum so she stops. "Oh God!" he blurts. He knows why she's stopped, she doesn't want this to be over yet.

She stands up, and once more, only this time voluntarily, turns away from him. Pulling down her pants and jeans to her knees she bends over, arches her back and places one hand on the opposite brick wall. With the other hand she reaches for her ass and pulls one cheek aside not only exposing her beautiful anus but her swollen pussy ripe for the taking. She looks back with a veneer of innocence and helplessness but she's knows exactly what she wants here and she knows exactly how to get it. No further invitation is required, he slides up behind her and carefully pushes his cock down her butt crevice, across her tight little anus and finally to her still wet and warm pussy. He enters with ease and she pushes back into him using her hand on the brick wall for extra leverage. Slowly they begin finding a rhythm, his hands holding her hips and her with both hands now upon the brick.

It seems like this moment could last forever, his cock riding deep into her making every part of her being feel like it's ascended to a dimension of pure pleasure, her pussy wrapped around his length like a warm velvet veil. He struggles not to lose his cool having to occasionally think of something to distract him from cumming too early. "She wants more than this, she deserves more than this..." he thinks to himself. She can feel the intensity building inside her again and like before the thrusting gets faster and more frantic. Her face now pushed up hard against the brick wall, smudging against it. She can feel it coming... "Oh shit..." she sighs, he tries to give it as much as he possibly can, faster and faster, harder and deeper. "Ahhhhh..." the vocalisations are now getting louder. "FUCK!" she almost screams. He can feel her muscles contract around his cock like a clamp and this sets him off. He almost falls back as he exits her body releasing his semen all over her, her legs buckling as another violent explosion forces cum from her body, splashing on the ground below her. 

She drops to her knees out of fatigue from her climax and he's half collapsed, yet managing to somehow lean against the wall behind him. She's covered in cum, not just his but her own too. Not only did he manage to soil her back and ass with his seed, it's also made patterns on the brick surface and on her face which had been pressed so hard up against it. Her legs are dripping and she's kneeling in the puddle she's just made. She now feels dirty, not used, but dirty and filthy and...he lifts her up from the mess she's kneeling in and pulls her tight against his body, rubbing the cum from both of them that covers her all over himself, sharing the filth, sharing the dirt. All shame once more fades in this passionate embrace, her conquest won...

She's far more than content now and still wondering why she doesn't come out more.