 Readers' note: this is the third novella in a series concerning the varied life and adventures of Beverley. The previous two novellas were The Perfect Whore and Tales of a Suburban Sex Goddess. The present novella follows on directly from Tales of a Suburban Sex Goddess and many of the same characters occur in the new story.

A Very Discrete Whore

Chapter I Mistress

Beverley returned from Spain determined to keep a low profile after her truly outrageous sexual behaviour abroad. In Spain she had felt liberated and reborn and with her husband Graham's active connivance had abandoned all her inhibitions. When she recalled how she had allowed, indeed encouraged, a total stranger to participate in all manner of disgusting depraved sexual activities with her, she felt ashamed. But underneath the shame was the realisation that she had thoroughly enjoyed it all; Beverley had uncovered an aspect of her character of which she was previously unaware. During the course of a few short months she had changed from being a very respectable suburban housewife into a thoroughly liberated woman. By mutual agreement she and her husband had agreed to a period of separation so that they could both reassess their lives. 

Back at work at the local Public Library Beverley told her friend and colleague Dorothy of her decision to separate from Graham. When Dorothy realised that Beverley had nowhere to stay she offered her temporary accommodation at her home. Dorothy was aware of Beverley's sexual liaisons with her sister's husband Gerald. However, she was not sure if Beverley knew that Graham had fucked her at the summer barbecue and decided it would be wise not to mention it.

After a few weeks back at work in the routine of the library the memories of her holiday indiscretions began to fade. She made no attempt to contact Sylvia and Gerald and lived a very respectable almost monastic life.

Working quietly at her desk in the library one day she suddenly heard a familiar voice.

'Hello Beverley, you look very nice today. Did you enjoy your holiday?'

It was Brian Williams one of her devoted admirers among the library clientele. He owned a florist and a garden equipment shop in the town center and sometimes presented Beverley with a pot plant or small bouquet. Beverley smiled and exchanged pleasantries with him. From time to time he had invited her to have a drink with him but she had always had a ready excuse, citing domestic commitments.

'Dorothy tells me that there have been some changes in your life recently.'

Beverley cursed Dorothy under her breath and wondered exactly what she had said to Brian. 

'Nothing of any importance,' Beverley said, trying to close down the subject.

'Well if I can ever be of any assistance do let me know.' He paused clearly wondering how to go on. Beverley indicated that she had to get on with her work. 'Well I must go.' He paused again. 'By the way, I like your stockings; black is my favourite colour. Goodbye.'

As soon as he had gone, Beverley got up from her desk and marched into Dorothy's office. She was furious.

'What have you been saying about me to Brian?' she demanded angrily

'I only mentioned that you might be in need of some temporary accommodation. You know he's got a flat in the town centre which is mostly unoccupied.'

'You know perfectly well I couldn't possible afford the rent on a flat like that.'

'There is more than one way of paying the rent,' Dorothy replied archly. 'You know he's got the hots for you.'

'He's nearly seventy,' Beverley exclaimed with exasperation.

'All the better,' Dorothy replied. 'He probably can't get it up more than once a fortnight and it would all be over in thirty seconds.'

'Dorothy, stop it,' Beverley replied firmly.

****

A couple of weeks went by and Beverley realised she couldn't continue to impose on Dorothy's good will indefinitely. She thought again about Brian. He was a charming rather handsome man in his late sixties and a widower who lived in a large residence in the country. The next time he came in the library she made herself more agreeable and arranged to meet him for a drink after work. 

Brian was already sitting in the bar when she entered. As he helped her out of her coat she ensured that he had a good view of her décolletage and short cocktail dress. She sat down next to him in and crossed her legs and showed quite a lot of her thighs. 

'I see your wearing my favourite coloured stockings,' Brian said with a smile. 'I assume they are stockings?' Beverley inched her dress up so that he could see her stocking tops and suspenders. 'Absolutely delicious,' he murmured. 'Now what would you like to drink to make you loose all your inhibitions?'

'I lost all my inhibitions some time ago,' she said calmly, 'a glass of white wine would be fine.' Brian placed a tentative hand on her thigh. 

'Absolutely delightful; you really have a beautiful body.' 

'How do you know,' Beverley responded with a smile, 'you've never seen it.' Brian slid his hand up beyond her stocking top and gently brushed his fingers against her crotch.

'Mr. Williams you really shouldn't try and finger my cunt in a public bar,' Beverley said casually, 'particularly when the waiter is coming over to take my order.' Reluctantly, he withdrew his hand. They sat in silence until the waiter brought Beverley's drink. She took a sip from her glass and looked at him speculatively. 'If you really want to finger me, perhaps we should go somewhere more private.' Brian was rather startled by her brazenness. 'I already told you I have absolutely no inhibitions,' she said by way of explanation. Finally Brian found his voice.

'I understand you have accommodation problems, would you like to come and see my flat?'

'Of course,' she replied.

****

Later that evening Beverley found herself standing with Brian in the spacious sitting room of his luxury flat; it was so luxurious it took her breath away. After offering her a drink he sat and looked questioningly at her.

'Well, what do you think? You're welcome to stay here as long as you want to. I don't use the flat much these days.' He paused, 'I would like to come and see you occasionally if that is acceptable to you.' There was a brief silence.

'Yes I'd love to stay here,' Beverley hesitated a moment. 'Perhaps you'd like to see me now?'

'Yes that would be very nice, I always enjoy an aperitif before the main course and it really sharpens the appetite.'

'How would you like me to do this? I can go into the bedroom and undress and come back naked or you can watch me undress in here.' Brian smiled and considered for a moment.

'I think I'd rather like to watch you undress but do it very slowly, I've been mentally undressing you for years.'

Standing a few feet in front of Brian, Beverley unfastened the back of her skimpy black cocktail dress, eased it off her shoulders and allowed it slide gently down to the floor. She paraded slowly round the room in the manner of a striptease dancer making sure that her stocking tops and suspenders were on display. Beverley crossed her arms and gently pulled her flimsy black tailored chemise up over her head and threw it aside. She walked slowly towards Brian and sat on his lap.

'Would you like to take my bra off she said coquettishly? Brian reached round with his hands and unclipped the front fastening garment before clasping her breast with his hands. 

'Beautiful, magnificent,' he murmured. Beverley got off Brian's lap, and with her back to him slid her skimpy knickers to the ground. Slowly and with legs slightly parted she turned round to face him. 

'As you can see I like to keep my cunt closely shaved. I hope you approve?' Once again Beverley sat down on Brian's lap and let him fondle her breasts and gently probe her cunt with his fingers.'

'Brian,' she whispered in his ear, I want you to know that I can be a very naughty girl and you can do absolutely anything you like with me.'

****

In fact Brian made very few demands of his mistress. Once a week, usually on a Friday, he would take her out to dinner after which they would return to the flat together. He liked to take a shower with her before lying down alongside her on the bed and fondling her while looking at their reflection in an overhead mirror. Only rarely did he fuck her and he was usually satisfied by letting her toss him off. Sometimes he liked to watch her masturbating with a dildo. Brian obtained most of his sexual pleasure from voyeurism and he asked Beverley if she could arrange to make love to another woman so that he could watch. 

Naturally Dorothy wanted to know all the details of Beverley's liaison with Brian and when she heard about Brian's voyeuristic proclivities she suggested Beverley should renew her relationship with Dorothy's very precocious niece Linda. They could put on a real performance for Brian Somehow Dorothy knew about Beverley's mild sexual fling with Linda at the barbecue last summer and their subsequent night of passion together and realised there was clearly a very strong feeling of mutual attraction between them. 

Beverley felt reluctant to get in touch with Linda and her family and suggested instead that she and Dorothy should put on a display. Brian already knew Dorothy and would no doubt enjoy seeing her naked. After some hesitation; Dorothy agreed to take part. 

In order to put on a good show they had a practice session one evening at the flat. Beverley had equipped herself with a strap on harness with a selection of anal and vaginal dildos. 

'Oh my God!' Dorothy exclaimed when she first saw them, 'whose going to do the fucking you or me?' 

'I think we'll take it in turns,' Beverley said.

The two girls stripped naked still giggling with embarrassment. 

'There must be no laughing when we do it for Brian just lots of ecstatic orgasmic screams,' Beverley said. 'He is paying for this and he deserves a good show. Let's start with a bit of kissing and fondling to get in the mood.' 

The two girls lay down together on the bed; within in a short while the embarrassment disappeared as they began to savour the pleasures of fingering each other. Naturally they knew exactly how to stimulate each other. In a few minutes both of them were wide open and juicy; and their conversation grew steadily more obscene. Dorothy lay on her back with her legs wide open and watched as Beverley probed her wide open cunt with all the fingers of one hand.

'I think you're ready for fucking now you brazen slut,' Beverley suggested. She stood up and strapped on the harness. 'Which dildo would you like me to use, the seven inch one or the nine inch one.' 

'Do any men really have nine inch cocks?' she said doubtfully. I'll settle for the smaller one.

'Oh yes, I met a man with a nine inch cock while I was in Spain,' Beverley said. 'His name was Marty.'

'Did he fuck you?' Dorothy asked. Beverley nodded. 'How did it feel; did he get it all in?'

'I suppose he must have done, it felt fine. After all, if our insides are big enough to pass a baby a nine inch cock should be easy. I was very sexually aroused so obviously that helped. Mind you, he also stuck it up my bum and I was sore for days. So take my advice; never let a man with a nine inch cock fuck your bum.'

'I'm not sure that I want a cock up my bum at all,' Dorothy said 

'You've just reminded me; Marty took a lot of photos and promised to email them to me. I'll have to remind him. If he sends one of his nine inch cock I'll show it to you.' 

Beverley lay on top of Dorothy and carefully slid the dildo deep into her cunt and began to fuck her. Both girls fell silent apart from Dorothy's gentle sighs of pleasure. Beverley continued to fuck her as Dorothy began to gasp and sigh finally erupting in a scream of orgasmic pleasure.

'Oh my God, Beverley, it's better than being fucked by a man. I could really get to like this.'

'Yes and it doesn't go soft before you're ready to come,' Beverley added. 

When Dorothy had recovered they changed places; Dorothy proved equally adept with the dildo. Afterwards they lay close together in contented silence and eventually fell asleep in each others arms. The rehearsal had been a success.

****

On the night arranged for the Sapphic exhibition Brian took the two girls out to dinner. He was delighted about Dorothy's involvement; he had known her for a long time and felt safe in her company. 

They sat in a secluded corner of the restaurant; one girl on either side of Brian. They were both dressed very seductively and under the cover of the table cloth Brian occasionally let his hands roam up underneath their rather short skirts until he found their stocking tops. He was most insistent that the girls should wear stockings and suspenders.

Any casual observer would have assumed he was a father out with his two daughters. As the dinner continued and the wine flowed Brian started to explain how he wanted them to proceed. They were to go on ahead of him and go straight into the bedroom. The bedroom was to be brightly lit whereas the rest of the flat was to be in complete darkness. They should undress except for stockings suspenders and high heeled shoes; he was most insistent on this. The bedroom door was to be left open. He intended to return to the flat fifteen minutes later and watch them making love from the darkened hallway.

****

Back at the flat Beverley and Dorothy prepared themselves for the sex show exactly as instructed. They lay together on the bed gently feeling each others breasts and genitals and exchanging teasing kisses. Prompted by the sound of Brian entering the flat they became more animated with their foreplay. Dorothy lay on the bed with her legs wide open and strategically facing towards the bedroom door. Beverley buried her face in Dorothy's engorged cunt and began to caress it with her tongue very soon Dorothy reached climax and signaled her satisfaction with obscenities and wild screams. Now roles were reversed; Dorothy strapped on the harness and selected the nine inch dildo.

'You told me you'd been fucked by a man with a nine inch cock; can you take a nine inch dildo?'

'Take it steadily,' Beverley cautioned, 'and stop if I tell you to.' Dorothy eased the massive priapic instrument into Beverley's gaping orifice. When it was three quarters of the way in Beverley called a halt. Dorothy began to fuck her, slowly at first but with rising tempo as Beverley thrashed about in a frenzy of orgiastic pleasure and soon came screaming and shouting to an ecstatic climax.

'That was very stimulating, thanks very much both of you,' said Brian entering the room. He was naked and had a strong erection. 'Now which one of you girls is going to do something about my stiffy?' Beverley had an idea. In a frank moment Graham had told her how much he had enjoyed it when Linda had thrust a dildo up his bum while simultaneously wanking him off.

'Would you like to try something special, Brian?' she enquired. 

'So long as it gives me sexual pleasure,' he replied.

Beverley removed the nine inch phallus from Dorothy's harness and replaced it with an anal dildo and instructed her to gently insert it into Brian's anus. Brian gasped as it began to enter and his cock stiffened noticeably. Beverley knelt down in front of him and began to caress his swollen cock. After less than a minute of manual manipulation fierce jets of semen erupted all over her face as Brian cried out in utter ecstasy. 

'My God Beverley, where did you learn that delicious trick?' Brian asked appreciatively. 'I haven't 'come' that well in a very long time.' 

'I think she worked in a brothel in Tangier in a former life,' Dorothy said laughing, as she handed Beverley a tissue to mop her face.

****

Some time later after Brian had left, the two girls sat in their dressing gowns drinking coffee. 

'You look very thoughtful,' Dorothy said.

'Well, I've just made a decision; I'm going to become a prostitute, I've still got my looks and a good figure; in a few years I can earn myself a substantial pension.'

'What about Brian?' Dorothy asked.

'I don't think he'll mind; you've seen what a voyeur he is; I think he'd rather watch other men fucking me rather than doing it himself'

'Are you sure Beverley? You'll need to be very discrete; this is a small town we live in.'

'Oh I'll be very discrete Dorothy; a very discrete and expensive whore.'

To be continued

2850 words