 After 2 weeks of impatient emails, the phone calls... I finally trek south the 2-hours to your home town.

Finally.

I arrive at your door, finding you seductively wrapped in a little black dress... my eyes immediately go to your warm, enticing eyes... then to your lithe body and a sudden slight gasp as I see you've taken the time to wear fishnets and heels for your first date... How did you know this was my weakness?...

You give me a big hug... as big as your little body can, and I engulf you in my arms, lifting you off the ground with ease... I feel your breasts heave and your athletic body tighten as you smile into a little kiss... you feel remarkably at ease, and so do I, both of us dressed in all black and very glad I made the trek south.

We channel surf on the trip, commenting on the different songs, and laughing at some of the more common experiences you and I share... it's fun, and you "get" that I'm really a nice guy who really wants to just share this time with you in whatever way unfolds... the pressure off, you feel very open, and as we sit down at the restaurant, you elect to sit across from me... but I feel your stockinged foot slide up my muscular calve as you look me deep in the eyes and smile... your innocence is belied by your physical presence.

Dinner is healthy and full of flavors, and we share each other's plates like old friends... I love that you feed me a bit now and then, and you foot has now sidled up to my thighs, testing my patience and leading me to think that this night might not end... ever...

We debate taking in another night scene, but you have plans of your own "take me home, or leave me forever" you whisper with your hot breath in my ear... I reciprocate by taking your gorgeous face in my hands and plying open your lips with mine, softly sucking on your lower lip as my tongue explores yours... all soft and pliant, this causes a rise in my condition...

My hands, to this point respectful and easy, suddenly draw you in to me with confidence. I feel a sudden moan escape you as you realize that this dance we're doing is sweeping us away...

We hold hands as we approach your doorstep... but I gingerly spin you into my arms, and dip you for a deeply soulful kiss... my hands roam your back, and as my right palm cups your back, my left reaches down to feel the softness of your buns... I can hold you in one of my large hands, and I feel the heat within...

Your eyes open slowly in a sexy way, and you ask me if I would like a nightcap...

What's a man to do at a moment like this?

We enter your place with only candles lighting the way... it's as though you had planned this all along... 

Getting to the kitchen, we laugh and make a couple of drinks, down a glass of water and you ask if you can be excused for a moment. The anticipation is killing me, but I assume you're just using the bathroom...

When you return, my heart stops... I look at you in a whole different light as the candles dance and illuminate the supple curves of your perfect little body. Your breasts heave with every breath and I notice that somewhere between our dinner and now, you've found a way to rid yourself of your bra... and I wonder what other surprises await me...

Rather than sitting next to me, you approach me and elect to straddle my legs, feeling my hardness as you finally sit all the way down. All I can feel is your arms around my neck, your lips tasting mine, and the heat of your wonderfully juicy center sliding along my now rigid shaft...

I'm in awe... but am regaining my power. I love this dance that you do, and I want to pleasure you to no end...

Our kiss is now a complete melding of lips, tongues and the intense feeling we share... I was hoping for a nice date and a newfound friend, and suddenly we are beyond my most passionate fantasy... and you are my most exotic dream. I have finally found my soulmate, and she and I are sharing the future NOW...

My fingers, once roaming and massaging your delicate back, are now finding their way down to the wetness between your legs... and wetness is a misnomer. As my index finger rides so lightly along the ridge that makes up your divide, you suck in a breath in knowing that the tables have now turned, and you are at my mercy... but you don't fret, knowing that clearly my desire is to simply pleasure you this night... my finger rides your slickened lips, and I finally feel the firm button that I know will take you to your ultimate climax... I encircle it with my very wet finger, lightly coming from underneath to the top, and finally around and around... your hips are now gyrating to your own intimate rhythm set by my delicate probing... 

My other hand has found your breast, and is delighted to palm the flesh, feeling your firm nipple glide along my palm through the thin material of your dress... my lips break from yours and you arch your back toward me, my mouth engulfing your whole breast meat and sucking it in, my tongue licking the sensitive areola and causing you to squirm even more... your firm nipple excited me, and you can feel my hardness pulse and struggle to stay contained... and you love this dance as well...

You're about to lose it, and are trying to hold back, but it's no use... your body suddenly shudders and convulses as you let out a whimper in a climax that has you making guttural noises that do nothing but excite me more... You can feel now that the length of my member is brushing the complete length of your slit, and you can feel the girth of me with your hand... and long to feel me inside of you...

I feel your convulsions finally settle, as your body finally relaxes into mine. Your climax was so wonderful, and I am now dedicated to ensuring that you experience the complete impact and endorphin rush of a woman fully satisfied.

Once you've regained some strength (we're both athletic, so evidently this is merely the beginning), you finally lift slowly off of me, and with a flush to your body, quietly pull me up as we stand, our bodies enmeshed as our deep, probing kiss continues...

You lead me, heals clicking on the floor, to your room, where the ever present candles provide a soft glow to our surroundings.

The soft acoustic guitar and piano provide a subtle backdrop to the perfect environs of your room... the scent of your body, and the randy scent you left on my fingers remind me that this wonderful and gorgeous woman I'm with could truly be my lifemate..

I toss you to the bed with ease, your little body bouncing across the covers... you laugh, and wonder at what I have in mind...

Your answer is quick at hand, as my gentle hands trace your fishnet stockings up your calves, to thighs to finally come to rest near the lips of your perfect little pussy...

I come down on my knees to take a closer look, and you arch your back to see if all is well. My gently smirk tells you that not only is all well, but you're in for another mind-blowing orgasm before too long...

My tongue traces the space between the spider-web of your stockings.... you can feel the wetness as I leave little kisses along the way...

My hot breath on your nether lips sends a pulse through your body that brings your hips off the mattress... you were hoping for a decent kiss goodnight, not even anticipating that that kiss would lead you to speaking a new language and gushing on your newfound friends lips...

My tongue slowly slides from the lowest part of your lips all the way to just beneath your clit... very, delicately, patiently, seductively slow... so much so that you force your hips against my face trying to speed me up... but it's me that's in control now... my tongue slipping inside as you feel the soft ridges brush your slickly soft lips...

I extend my tongue as deep inside you as possibly.. your moan lets me know that you're enjoying this as much as me...

Suddenly you feel the coarseness slide up against the bottom of your clit... the place you can barely reach when you're having your own fantasy... and I ply the whole length over your clit for a minute... then begin to encircle that little bud until you're thrashing about... I can feel your juices flowing like crazy, and your legs and hips and back are all tensed in pre-orgasmic bliss...

After 20 minutes of this seeming torture, you beg me to kiss you and finish you with my now steel-hard cock... you are so close, and I am just waiting.. this is your night, and I am cherishing this amazing woman who I so long to know and love...

You pull me on top of you, and kiss your own juices from my lips... this is so erotic I can barely stand it...

I sit up and remove my shirt, pulling it overhead in one slow cascade, my taught chest and tummy exciting you even more. Oh my, this ought to be good...

You struggle to unbuckle me, and finally I take charge and remove the belt and begin to unzip. I've been hoping to free my throbbing cock from the confines of my pants since I first dipped you on your front porch... and now I am so hard that I'm afraid I will completely douse your little body with my copious flow of cum if you merely touch me "wrong"...

Your little hands take my erection and press it in every direction. Your can feel the width, and as one hand strokes the shaft, the other is busy pulling your own juices from your leaking slit and lathering them on my engorged head... in a few minutes I'm as wet as you, and you're ready for me to fully penetrate the depth of your being...

You guide me to your nether lips, and I slide my head along them, back and forth, allowing my glans to brush your clit again and again, as your succulent pussy pulses and releases another flow of juice. I love this game, and you are beginning to feel the pangs of another orgasm coming on, as you masturbate with my cock in your hands...

Finally, I begin to enter your tight, juicy slit and the lips of your pussy pull inward as my cock stretches you and causes you to catch your breath... I slide up to ensure that the whole shaft slides against your clit on the way in, ensuring that you're beyond the point of no return...

With my shaft halfway in, you begin to gyrate your hips... you want to be fucked now, deeply... you want to mix making love with being completely fucked in a blur of passion... and I share this vision with you...

My shaft finally slides all the way inside, pressing against your g-spot and finally pushing into your womb... you've taken it all, and you feel full and ready for whatever happens next... your breath is short, and your clit is now so distended that your breathing is effected if I move even an inch...

I slide the complete length out of you, so only the head is resting against your clit... then push easily into your juicy moistness to the bottom... my pace is quickening, and your breathing is now coming shorter, punctuated with gasps and little screams and grunts... you're being loved like you've always imagined, and I can feel the pulsing of your pussy on the sides of my shaft, letting me know you're about to let loose again, and that it's OK for me to share the event with you with my own cum...