 Chapter II Testing the Market

Beverley's decision to become a prostitute had been easily made. But how was she to put it into practice? There were no formal night school classes she could attend, with the possible exception pole dancing and belly dancing and there was no question of her standing in a doorway dressed like a tart and inviting men to have her up against a wall for ten minutes. She intended to be a very discreet and expensive whore; if someone wanted to pay her a lot of money to behave like a backstreet tart that was another matter. It was not the sex that was the problem; Beverley was well versed in the things that men like to do with women and was quite happy to rely on her natural instincts. Quite simply she needed a business plan. She needed to advertise her services, establish a scale of charges and acquire a list of satisfied customers in every sense of the word.

She looked at the small ads in the local newspaper and consulted the on-line personal services websites. When she spoke to Graham about it, he confessed that he had once paid a young London University student £250 to let him take nude photographs of her and to have sex with her. After Beverley had got over her mild indignation, he told her he had written a short account of what happened. He offered to send it to her with some photographs.

****

Graham's story of his encounter with an amateur prostitute

One time when you were away on holiday with your sister; I got in touch with Laura, a nineteen year old London University student looking to supplement her meager student grant by glamour and nude modeling. After an exchange of emails she sent me some photograph and told me that she charged £60 an hour plus travelling expenses.

The photographs showed a very attracted dark haired girl of medium height posing provocatively in scanty lingerie which revealed that she had a very sexy body and magnificent breasts. After several further exchanges of emails, I sent her a cheque for £100 as a deposit plus travelling expenses and arranged to pick her up at the railway station later that week. She arrived wearing a short red skirt revealing shapely legs and thighs and a white buttoned up blouse covered by a black casual jacket.

So that there would be no misunderstanding I immediately told her that I was not a professional photographer. Laura was quite unconcerned apparently none of her customers were professionals. She told me that lots of students were marginally involved in the sex industry: modeling, pole dancing and striptease, massage parlours, escort agencies even a bit of prostitution. It was considered a much better option than waiting on tables at MacDonald's on Saturday night when the pubs turn out and it paid a lot more too. She concluded by saying she was quite flexible about what she was prepared to do. I took this to be a coded message that she was available for sex.

Once we were back at home I offered her a cup of coffee and then we set to work She opened her case and spilled out her lingerie onto the couch and invited me to choose what she should wear. I selected a white basque, white stockings, white bikini knickers and black four inch stilettos from her wardrobe. She began to undress as I left to fetch my camera. By the time I returned she was almost ready and asked me to fasten the clips on her basque.

She looked delectable. Her dark black hair and vivid red lipstick perfectly complemented her white lingerie. I quickly obtained numerous shots of her standing sitting and lying on our large stone fireplace. For the next set of photos I chose a black half cup bra with matching mini briefs and black stockings and suspenders. Then, throwing caution to the wind, I told her to forget about the knickers and bra. Soon she was standing in front of me virtually naked. Her beautiful breasts jutted out firmly without the restraint of her bra; she had beautiful hips a shaven pubis and long elegant shapely legs. God how I wanted to fuck her! I began photographing her again as she struck various poses. Without waiting to be asked she spread her legs wide to display her vagina for me; using her fingers to ensure it was wide open. She must have been aware of my erection bulging beneath my clothes. 

Now I suggested we go up to the bedroom where I took a further series of provocative photographs of her lying and kneeling on the bed. Finally I asked her to take off her stockings and suspenders and photographed her nude. Afterwards we went out into the garden. She posed on the lawn, sitting on the patio and in amongst the shrubbery. I noticed that an hour had already passed and agreed to pay her for a further hour. We took a short break. 

Back in the house she slipped on her flimsy dressing gown and accepted a glass of wine from me and asked what we would be doing for the next hour. Without any prompting from me she coolly asked me if I wanted to fuck her. When I said yes, she said it would cost me a further £80. 

We returned to the bedroom. Laura lay naked on the bed and watched me undress. At my request she straddled me and began to fuck me while I played with her tits. Her cunt was tight and juicy. I managed to last just over five minutes before having a very pleasurable orgasm; afterwards we lay together resting, side by side on the bed. She began to play with my cock which quickly stirred into life. Soon I was fully erect again. She told me to stand up and then knelt down in front of me and began to suck my cock. Her mouth felt warm and inviting as she took four inches of my erection into her mouth. A tense erotic silence ensued as she busily sucked my cock. Five minutes later I ejaculated in her mouth. 

Afterwards Laura asked if I wanted to fuck her again before she took a shower. I told her I needed ten minute or so to recharge my libido. We returned naked to the kitchen for more wine and Laura offered me a blue pill from her handbag. She leaned casually against the breakfast bar and watched as my cock grew to a full state of arousal again. I asked her to bend forward over the breakfast bar and I entered her from the rear and began to fuck her. I was more under control now and fucked her steadily for more than ten minutes. As I ejaculated she cried out with pleasure and I felt her orgasmic spasms gripping my cock. I was pleased that I had finally managed to give her some sexual satisfaction.

****

Beverley soon realised that her mild annoyance at Graham's secret liaison with a young woman was misplaced. Their lives had moved on significantly. At least now she had some idea of the market rate for sexual services albeit several years ago. She was also interested in the idea of advertising her services as a photographic model as a prelude to sex.

The next day Beverley determined to conduct some live market research. Through an item on the business pages of a newspaper she had discovered that a business conference was taking place at a large hotel in a town about twenty-five miles away. 

That evening dressed in a smart business suit and armed with a briefcase she drove to the hotel and sat alone at a table in the bar, apparently studying her papers and sipping a drink. After about twenty minutes a waiter came over to her table with a fresh drink and told her that it was with the compliments of two gentlemen sitting at the bar. After acknowledging their presence with a smile she sat sipping her drink and staring into space. Out of the corner of her eye she noticed that the two men were approaching her table.

'You look rather lonely here, may we join you?' one of them asked. Beverley nodded her assent. They introduced themselves as Bill and Eric. For no particular reason, except that it was her sister's name, Beverley informed them her name was Susan. She crossed her legs taking care to show plenty of thighs and observed them eyeing her up. They still weren't quite sure if she was a prostitute.

'We were wondering if you would like to join us for a private drink upstairs in the bedroom,' Eric said tentatively.

'And why would I want to do that?' Beverley asked coolly. An expression of relief spread across her two companions' faces; she hadn't reacted with outrage. Now they were fairly certain she was a prostitute. 

'Isn't that the sort of thing woman like you do?' Bill chipped in.

'Possibly,' Beverley replied but I'm a very expensive whore.'

'How much do you charge?' Eric asked.

'That rather depends what you want me to do,' Beverley responded evasively. 

'Well most girls charge about £200,' Eric countered.

'I take it you mean £200 each,' Beverley replied, relieved that real money was finally being discussed. She decided to make a speculative play. 'I'll come upstairs with you both for two hours for £600,' she replied, 'but no rough stuff, no buggery and no photography. I don't want photographs of you two fucking me all over the internet.'

Beverley was amazed when her two companions agreed; she had been prepared to be beaten down to £450. As the two men stood up she remained seated. 

'Cash in advance, please.'

After a token show of resistance the two men went off to find a cash machine. While they were away Beverley went into reception and asked for a large manila envelope and purchased a book of stamps. She addressed the envelope to herself at Brian's flat. Soon Bill and Eric returned with three slim packs of notes. After discreetly checking that each pack contained ten £20 notes she stuffed them into the envelope and sealed it. Finally she followed them out of the room, pausing only to post her letter at reception.

Beverley studied her companions as they rode up in the lift to the fourth floor. They were conventional middle rank managers attending a boring irrelevant conference and eager to take the opportunity to have some fun while away from home. Beverley glanced at her watch as they stood aside to let her enter the bedroom; it was eight-o-clock. She was mildly amused at the pretence of decorum that their politeness implied; in ten minutes she expected to be lying on her back with her legs wide open. 

It was a large five star double bedroom with an adjacent well appointed bathroom; perhaps she was wrong about their status; this was senior management accommodation. No wonder they hadn't argued about her £600 fee; it would probably be going on their expenses. Beverley excused herself and retired to the bathroom. She undressed and took a shower. Afterwards she groomed herself carefully before putting on the expensive exotic underwear that she had brought with her.

Back in the bedroom the two men had begun to undress and the appearance of Beverley in her lingerie accelerated the process. Once the men were naked Beverley was struck by their powerful athletic appearance. Either one of them would have been able to totally overpower her if he wanted to. For the first time she felt a frisson of fear mingled with sexual excitement. She was sure she would enjoy being fucked by them; but there was no escaping the fact that she was alone in a bedroom with two rampant naked men who were complete strangers. Beverley unclipped her bra and through it aside and then removed her miniscule knickers.

'I assume you guys want me to keep my stockings and suspenders on? Most men seem to prefer it that way.' She looked at them expectantly. 'Well guys, I'm all yours for the next two hours. You can do pretty well anything you like with me. I'll suck you off or you can come on my face or use my tits to masturbate with or anything else that takes your fancy.'

While the businessmen pondered this cornucopia of sexual delights, Beverley knelt down in front of Eric and took his cock in her mouth. She reflected that a few months ago she didn't even like to suck her husband's cock, never mind a complete stranger's. Eric moaned and writhed with the exquisite pleasure of Beverley's oral caresses and it wasn't long before he filled her mouth with his warm semen. She opened her mouth to show him, before swallowing the sticky white emulsion. Remaining on her knees, the edged towards Bill and gave him the same delicious stimulation. As he came to frenzied climax he withdrew his cock from her mouth and sprayed his ejaculation all over her face from a distance of no more than two inches. 

'You really are a very very good whore,' Bill said appreciatively as he watched his semen oozing down her face and dripping off her chin. 'How long have you been doing this?'

'That's a trade secret,' Beverley replied unwilling to tell them that they were her first paying customers.

After a brief visit to the bathroom to wash her face Beverley lay propped up on the bed and waited for her companions' lust to stir back to life. To provide some additional stimulation for them she drew up her knees and spread her legs apart so that they could see the clear state of arousal of her completely bare cunt.

Once again Eric took the lead. As he approached the bed Beverley reflected on how aesthetically pleasing the appearance of a fully erect naked male was. Until comparatively recently the only cock with which she had been intimately acquainted was her husband's. She used to take pleasure in handling his beautiful prick which she had assumed was much the same shape for every man. But in recent months she had discovered that, rather like women's tits, cocks came in all shapes and sizes. Eric's seemed to be about eight inches long, circumcised and of a very pleasing shape with a straight shaft with a well defined cap which would rub pleasingly against her clitoris. 

As Eric inserted his cock into her cunt and began to fuck her she remembered that he was paying her and that her sexual needs were secondary. She sighed and moaned and writhed and uttered the occasional obscenity to encourage him into thinking that he was giving her a very good time. Inevitably he came without her having an orgasm.

Bill wanted to have her standing up against the door. He had a theory that women had evolved with long legs specifically so that they could have sexual intercourse in the standing position. His cock did seem to fit conveniently into her cunt but Beverley suspected he was having a fantasy about fucking a tart up against a wall in a backstreet. Who was she to spoil his fantasy?

During the next two hours her two companions made full use of her body although she was unable to remember exactly how many times each of them had 'come' in or on her body. While Beverley hadn't had an orgasm herself she had quite enjoyed servicing her clients. When she finally retired to the bathroom to shower and dress she felt rather like a marathon runner at the end of a race; very pleasantly tired and utterly relaxed. 

The two men had been very pleased with her performance and indicated that they would like to contact her again when they had a special client they were anxious to please. She felt quite virtuous about the prospect of boosting the export market and the country's GDP; fornicating for Britain no less!

Beverley was home well before midnight and spent a pleasant half hour soaking in the bath and making mental calculations about how much she would be able to earn through a life of sin. Prudently she hadn't yet given in her notice at the library although they were aware that she was considering doing so.

To be continued.