 "You sure have been asking for a lot of handjobs lately. It seems like you don't even want to make love to me anymore, you just want me to jerk you off. What is that all about?" Leave it to my wife to ruin a perfectly acceptable night of marital relations with talking.

"I don't know, Renee. Just a phase I guess. Trying to switch things up. Trying new things. Trying to keep things interesting." Why was this big deal? Of course, I couldn't tell her the truth; that our sexy office intern made me crave her hand around my cock, and that was all I could think about lately.

"And another thing; are you're sure you're not smoking? Because, you've been coming home smelling an awful lot like smoke lately." I sighed. We had this conversation three or four times over the last three weeks. Of course I had started smoking, but I wasn't going to tell her that. I also wasn't going to tell her that my smoking was a direct result of the sexy, 19 year old intern who had been giving me handjobs in the loading dock at work for the last four Fridays.

"Renee, for the last time, and I do mean the last time, no I am not smoking. My new boss, Bob, has been asking me to accompany him out to the smoking area on his smoke breaks because of this big new project we are working on. I'm getting a little sick of the insinuations." I tried to strike my most hurtful pose, hoping she would drop the subject.

"Sorry honey, you seem to be acting little strange lately. If something was going on you'd let me know right. You're not in danger of losing your job, are you?" Ah, so it came out; she was worried about money, not about me.

"No honey, nothing like that. Everything is fine. Maybe I just need some time off."

"Well maybe you should take it. My wrist is killing me lately. I haven't given that many handjobs since junior high." She kissed me on the cheek and rolled over to go to bed.

I don't know if it was the seven year itch or what, but all I could think of was Dana's hand wrapped around my cock, and watching young Dana lick my cum off her hand when I had finished. We had followed up our initial rendezvous each of the next three Friday's, and it was super hot each time. I know most guys in my position probably would have tried to push the envelope and tried to get something other than a handjob out back there, but the handjobs were doing just fine for me. I figured

"Why rock the boat?" I wasn't getting any younger, and getting a handjob from a hot intern was probably the best I could hope for at my age.

The downside was that I had started smoking. It started with just a cigarette after we fooled around, and then it turned into two, then one every day, and then a couple a day. I bummed my first several cigarettes, but this past Monday had bought a pack on the way to work. I finished the last square in the pack when we finished up on Friday. Other than that, it had been a phenomenal month.

Some sort of flu bug was running through the office. I was feeling fine, but a lot of people were out. That is why it didn't surprise me when Bob asked me to run an errand that would usually be done by someone else. Besides, running to the printer to pick up the outdoor vinyl banners would get me out of the office for a while, and the weather was still nice enough now to enjoy it. Fall was coming pretty soon, so I was willing to take any opportunity to enjoy a beautiful day.

I grabbed my stuff, and headed out to my car. From behind I heard a familiar voice yell, "Hey! Wait up!" I turned to see Dana hurrying after me. She was dressed is a pair of black pants, a little too tight for the office, and a white blouse that seemed to be open in front but really wasn't. She was also dressed in heels. 

"What's up?" I asked, not sure what she was doing out her.

She leaned on me as she caught her breath. "Bob's secretary Angie told me to come along with you in case you needed some help loading the stuff up, or to run into the office for you to grab a cart." She looked up at me with a wide smile, and I knew something mischievous was running through her mind. Heck, I'm no fool: I wasn't about to turn down a mid-week, mid-day handjob.

"Cool, let's go. You got any smokes? I'm all out."

"Of course I do," she said, sliding into my car. She pulled two out of her pack, put them both in her mouth, lit them both, and handed me one. The front windshield was nearly obscured as she exhaled. 

"Sure is a nice day. I'm glad to get out of the office. You be sure and drive real slow, ok."

"No problem. I'm planning on milking this for all that it is worth." I looked over to shoot her a smile, and noticed her hand was resting on the button of her blouse. I tried to concentrate on the road, but still keep one eye on the passenger seat. Slowly she undid a button. All of the time we had been fooling around, and I had never seen her breasts. I hadn't even really touched them, except through her shirts and bras. Was I finally going to get a look at her perky 19 year old breasts, and her elongated nipples?

She undid another button, and turned my face to look directly at her. "Why don't you get off this main road and drive through a neighborhood for a bit?" I almost caused an accident making a hard right turn onto a side street. By the time I did, she had two more buttons undone.

I drove slowly through the tree lined streets, deserted do to high heat and the relative comfort of back yard pools and air conditioning. She undid the last button on her shirt, and pulled it apart, revealing a sexy white lace bra. "Do you like what you see?" she asked teasingly, knowing full well what my answer would be.

"Meh, I've seen better," I lied with a huge grin on my face. As she leaned over to smack my arm, I reached up surreptitiously and felt her up through her bra. Keeping an eye out for pedestrians, I maneuvered the car slowly through the neighborhood.

"Jerk, I'm almost ready to cover back up and not show you anymore."

"Oh, you're going to show me some more," I said, eyebrow raised. Without another word she grabbed the cups of her bra in each hand, and started rubbing herself. She squeezed her boobs together, and then moved her hands so that she could tweak and pinch her nipples through her bra. My grin kept getting wider. I couldn't believe what happened next. She reached her hand in between her breasts, and unsnapped the clap that I hadn't realized was in front. In an instant, her boobs were free. Her nipples were as large as they seemed, and stuck far out from the swell of her breasts. She grabbed both nipples and pulled them even farther from her body, showing me how far they could stretch. She lowered her head, stuck out her tongue, and licked each nipple, before inserting them one by one between her lips for a little suck. I had to shift in my seat from the tension in my pants due to her erotic display.

"Pull over into that school parking lot. Drive around the back of the school." She commanded; I obeyed. She leaned close to me as I maneuvered the car into a hidden position, and reached down into my lap to feel my hard cock. She rubbed it through my pants, and cooed in my ear, "Did I do that to you? Doesn't seem right for me to make you all hard and uncomfortable, and leaving you like that." I shifted the car into park, and leaned towards her and kissed her. It was our first kiss of the day. I really enjoyed kissing her, and wished we had more time to just make out. I was never sure how she would react to my kissing her, since it didn't happen all the time, but I shouldn't have been since her tongue escaped her mouth and found its way into mine. Our tongues entwined as if dancing together, and I felt her hand on mine as she took control. She raised my hands to her chest, and I dutifully cupped her naked breasts. I rubbed and squeezed each breasts, and rolled my thumb over her nipples. My other hand was working on freeing my cock from its restraints. I started to pinch her nipples, which ended up being more sensitive than I had realized before. I squeezed her nipples pretty hard, and I could feel her start to moan into my mouth. "Suck on my nipples. I want to feel your lips and tongue on them," she whispered in my ear after breaking our kiss. 

I lowered my head, and gently kissed both of her nipples. I had never seen pointier nipples that were longer than hers. They seemed like they were sticking out two inches, but that is probably an exaggeration. They were big though. I circled each nipple with my tongue, and then sucked gently on them. "Harder. Suck harder. I can come from guys sucking on my nipples. Suck them hard and get me off!" I ran my tongue over them as I increased my pressure on her nipples. I gave up trying to get my cock out, and used my hands to tug on her nipples while I was sucking on the other one. Within minutes her head was thrown back, and she was deep in the throes of an orgasm, all cause by nipple play. I had never seen anything like that before. 

Before her breathing had even returned to normal, she attacked my mouth again. As she kissed me, her hands fumbled in my crotch trying to get my pants undone. "I know I've got you all hot and bothered today. I know a handjob probably won't do. I'm going to give you a special treat, one reserved only for special guys. I'm going to suck your cock and swallow your entire load." I almost came right there. Even when Renee went down on me for special occasions, I was never allowed to come in her mouth. Dana was going to give me the thrill of a lifetime.

She kissed me hard once on the mouth, and then showered my face with her kisses. She moved down slightly and gently kissed my neck, undoing my tie and top button as she did. Her hand had migrated to my hard cock, and rested lightly on top of it outside of my pants. She pulled her head away from me, and looked in my eyes. She giggled a little, I think because I must have looked utterly befuddled at her actions. She kissed me again on the lips, gently this time, before breaking our gaze and lowering her head towards my lap. 

She gave my cock a squeeze, and then used both of her hands to undo my belt. She fumbled for the zipper, so I adjusted myself in the seat to give her a little easier access. She slowly pulled the zipper down, and gave me one last look up into my eyes. She licked her lips, and then reached inside my pants for my cock. She gave it a gentle squeeze through my boxers, and lightly stroked it. I gave her back an audible moan. I loved when her hands were on my cock. I could only imagine how good her mouth would feel. She grabbed the waistband of my boxers, and struggled trying to pull them down. I lifted up off the seat, and she gave a couple of more tugs and my cock sprang free, exposed to the world.

She grabbed my cock again and held it steady so it wouldn't move as she began to lick around the head. My cock twitched a little at her wet, cool touch, and she squeezed a little harder to keep it steady. She slowly stroked up and down as she covered my head with her saliva. I hadn't even been in her mouth yet and I was already ready to come.

Without warning she ran he hand down to the base of my cock and slipped the length of me into her mouth. The sensation went from cool, wet and exposed to warm, moist and engulfed. My eyes rolled to the back of my head, and my head sagged uncontrollably as she held my cock in her mouth. She slid her head back up, lips vise gripped against my cock as it slid out of her. She released most of my cock, but kept her lips wrapped round just the head of my cock. She started sucking, gently at first but then increasing her pressure. As the pressure built, her hand once again started sliding up and down my now slick shaft. She flicked her tongue across the top of my head while she sucked it, and I almost shot my load into her mouth right there, but she inexplicable stopped sucking on and jacking off my cock. Her head was poised two inches from my cock. I wasn't sure what was going on, or what I was supposed to do.

"Did you like that? Did I make you feel good? Do you want some more?" She hadn't really been a tease in our few previous encounters, and lord knows my wife never played sexual games, so I wasn't sure how I was supposed to respond. I know how my dick wanted to respond, though.

"Yeah, that felt fucking amazing. Of course I want you to finish. I want to come in your mouth."

"Show me." I could feel her breath on my cock she was so close while she was speaking.

"What do you mean?"

"Show me! If you want me to finish, show me how bad you want it." I was perplexed. Did she want me to say something? Did she want me to do something? I looked down and all I could see was a blond wild tangle of hair, pulled back in one of her hands. I felt her other hand on my thigh, and knew her open mouth hovered just inches from where I needed it to be. I made my decision, and hoped it would be the right one.

"Suck my fucking dick and make me come in your mouth," I grunted as I grabbed a handful of hair, and forced her waiting mouth down over the entirety of my cock. I released her head, and it popped back off my cock. Did I go too far?

"Is that all you wanted? Just one more suck?" I apparently didn't offend her. She wanted me to take charge?

I grabbed a handful of hair again, this time holding her steady while I lifted myself off the car seat and thrust my cock up into her waiting mouth. "No, that's not all I wanted," I hissed, holding her head down on my cock. "I want you to stop teasing me and fucking suck my cock until I make you choke on my load of hot, sticky cum." She pushed off me with the hand that was on my thigh, and gasped for breath. I was sure I went too far that time.

Except I didn't. Once she caught her breath, she attacked my cock. I still had a handful of hair, which I squeezed from time to time, but she was back in control. She bobbed her head up and down; her lips tightly sealed around my cock, and buried my shaft all the way down her throat. She moved her hand from my thigh to my cock, and stoked me as my shaft got exposed from her motion. I could feel my orgasm building, and I started giving her encouragements. "Yeah, that's it baby. That feels so fucking good. You're such a good little cock sucker. Right there. Just like that. Oh god, you're going to make me come. That feels so good." I felt my balls tighten, and could feel my orgasm start. "I'm coming," I announced, milliseconds before the first spurt shot from my cock into her mouth.

She moved her lips up so that they just surrounded my head again, and then started sucking for all that she was worth, milking my prick for every last drop with her hand. I grunted with each shot of cum, and I could hear her moan each time she swallowed down another jet of cum. Finally my orgasm ended, and she released my cock from her vacuum like suction. 

My chest was beating wildly, and I couldn't catch my breath. That was the most intense, mind blowing orgasm I had ever experienced. I couldn't believe a 19 year old could be that good at sucking cocks. I tried to open my eyes, but was not sufficiently recovered yet. I could hear her rustling in the seat next to me. I heard her fumbling for the pack of cigarettes. I sensed her lighting cigarettes for both of us, and smelt the acrid scent as she exhaled in my direction. I finally managed to pop my eyes open, and accepted the square as she placed it between my lips. "Thanks. For everything," I weakly croaked, eliciting a warm smile.

"We'd better get back to the office," she chided. As we smoked the rest of our cigarettes in silence, I put myself back together, and looked longingly at my young vixen. She took my hand in hers as we drove to finally do our errand. Nobody at the office seemed to notice we had been gone an unusually long time, and I was glad for that. As we pulled the signs out of my car, and loaded them onto the cart, she surprised me with a final kiss for the day. I glanced around to make sure no one had seen, but my attention was snapped back to her when she said, "I sure am going to miss our time together when my internship ends in a couple of weeks." She pushed the cart into the front door as I stood flabbergasted, my car open and exposed, me not knowing how to respond.