 The first wave of thunderstorms finally arrived a little after one o'clock in the afternoon. The entire day had been overcast but being the dutiful husband left alone at home while the wife, kids, and her parents enjoyed the Florida sunshine down around Orlando, I figured I might as well work on a few items of the Honey-Do list my lovely spouse, Emily, had left me despite the incoming bad weather. Namely bagging up dead leaves left over from autumn along with trimming the hedges and a few low hanging limbs on the trees. All seemingly small tasks until you realized how much time had passed since stepping outside earlier that morning.

As the hours passed I became so engrossed in my chores it was the weather itself that pulled me back to reality. The wind suddenly picked up blowing a pile of leaves that I had painstakingly raked out from underneath the hedges sending them all over the backyard. After a moment of disgust at all my work going to waste I looked up at the overcast sky and saw an angry black line of clouds coming in from the northwest. Adding emphasis to the approaching squall line were flashes of lightning that made the storm all that more menacing. 

"You better get inside Jason," my next door neighbor Laura said from the backdoor off her enclosed deck, "I just heard over the television there's a tornado warning. It's going to stay this way until early tomorrow morning."

"Thanks," I said, "now I have a perfect excuse to go inside and sit on my butt all day."

Laura waved back and sort of giggled at my response before going back inside the house she shared with her husband, Kevin, and their young son Jacob. For just a moment I was slightly puzzled, while I had stayed home the past five days instead of going with my family to Florida, mainly so I didn't have deal with my in-laws, every time I left the neighborhood I didn't see any sign of Laura or Kevin's cars. Since it was summer I had assumed they had gone on vacation themselves. As I climbed the steps of my deck to enter the backdoor of my own house, I figured that for some reason they must have decided to put their cars inside the garage for a change. 

Thankfully I didn't take my assumption to the next level and use the emergency key we had to their house and start bringing in the mail. I can only imagine the look on their faces had I let myself in while they were relaxing in the living room. Taking it even further, I shuddered to think what Emily or I would have said if either Kevin or Laura had falsely assumed we were gone and used the emergency key we gave them for our house to come in unannounced. We were all good friends but in the suburbs it's best to not to cross certain lines without an invitation.

Whatever the case I went inside and quickly made myself a sandwich, grabbed a beer, then plopped in the recliner to watch a little television. Of course twenty minutes later the full force of the thunderstorm hit my area causing the power to go out. I didn't care, I grabbed another beer and just relaxed while listening to nature's fury.

Sometime later I wake up to hear the ring tone on my cellphone going off. It takes me a few seconds to gather my wits and locate the thing. "Hello," I say groggily while rubbing my eyes.

"Hey Jason," my neighbor Kevin says in a much too cheerful mood, "I'm sorry, sounds like I woke you up." 

"No problem, that thunderstorm forced me inside. Must have dozed off when the power went out.

"Yeah, that's why I'm calling," Kevin said, "Laura just called me a few minutes ago hysterical, she says a tree limb smashed a window, could you go look at it?"

"You mean you're not at home?" I ask a little confused.

"No, one of my sales partners suddenly got sick and I had to take his place at a conference in Dallas. Been gone for three days and probably won't be able to get back for a couple of more, I'd greatly appreciate if you could help her out."

"No problem Kevin, in fact I'll take some pictures with my cell phone so you'll have some idea about the damage."

Several seconds pass by and I can hear Kevin talking to someone else in the background, I even hear some sort of strange music and female laughter. "Hello Kevin," I say again.

"Yeah thanks!" Kevin says suddenly returning to our conversation. "I'll call Laura back and tell her you're coming over."

Kevin abruptly cut the call seemly more concerned about whatever was going at his sales conference. I thought about trying to call my wife but figured Emily was probably in one of the Disney parks with the kids and her parents. The last thing I wanted to hear was my dad-in-law make some snarky comment. So I just put my flip-flops back on and went out the front door to go see if I could help Laura. Stepping out on my front porch to walk over to my neighbor's house, I was relieved to see that at least for the moment there was no lightning and the rain and calmed down to a light drizzle. 

Laura almost immediately opened her front the door after I knocked just twice. "Come on in Jason, the limb crashed through Jacob's bedroom window sending glass everywhere," she said clearly shaken.

Where's Jacob?" I asked following her across the living room and into the hallway.

"He's at my parents house," she said. "When my dad found out your kids were gone and that Kevin had to take off for Dallas he came and got Jacob. Frankly, I was relieved, poor guy didn't have anything to do."

"Yeah, I actually wondered what he would do since Neil and Sean are with their mother down in Orlando. All three spend so much time running between our houses I've found it far too quiet."

It was then that I walked into Jacob's room. Not only had a tree limb that was at least six-feet long and six-inches wide crashed through the glass it had busted most of the window frame with the blacked end laying in the middle of the boy's bed. Standing close to the shattered remains of the window I looked outside. It looked like lightning had struck the tree with the limb falling and hitting several other branches before going through the window. Jacob would have certainly been injured had he been laying on his bed at that moment. 

It was clear the entire window would have to be replaced but until Kevin got back I had a plan. "Okay," I said, " Laura, you go sit down for a while and relax, I'll go grab my chainsaw and I believe I have some plywood sheets that we can use to cover the hole." 

As an afterthought I pulled out my cellphone and tried to call Kevin but got no answer. Instead I took several pictures and texted him the details of my plan. Figuring I had covered my bases with Kevin, instead of going back out Laura's front door to get to my house I slipped through the gate Kevin and I had installed in the backyard fence so our kids could freely play with each other. 

All it took was thirty minutes to cut the fallen limb into manageable pieces, then about an hour to pull the plywood out of my backyard shed, and carry it over to the damaged window. As Laura and I each stood on a ladder next the window and began maneuvering the plywood in place so we could use the drill and wood screws to secure it to the house the drizzle turned into a full-fledged downpour. 

"Come on Jason," Laura said from her perch on the ladder next mine, "we've got to get out of this rain."

"If we wait till the rain stops again you'll have some major water damage inside the house. We might as well go ahead and close up the window." I said loading a screw into the drill bit. Laura just shrugged and held her end of the plywood up against the house. It only took about fifteen minutes to finish and when we were done we abandoned everything except the drill and ran inside Laura's screened-in deck.

Once inside we were both so relieved to be out of the rain Laura and I just stood there for several seconds letting the water drip from our soaked clothes. It was then that I noticed Laura's t-shirt was clinging to her body leaving nothing to my imagination. She was wearing a bra but it did nothing to prevent her nipples from almost poking through the thin fabric of her shirt. 

I couldn't help myself but stare. I had known Laura for years but never saw her as a woman, a neighbor, a friend to my wife, and mother to my kid's best friend but not a beautiful lady in her own right. She was slightly taller than my wife with chestnut brown hair that ran down in length to just below her neck. Since my wife and I, along with Kevin and Laura, were suburbanites in our late-thirties we were all carrying ten to fifteen extra pounds but on Laura the weight just filled out her curves in such a way as to make her more feminine.

"Just what are you staring at Jason!"Laura exclaimed with a clear mock disgust. 

"I'm sorry, I'll just head back over to the house and let you get cleaned up." I said still staring at her shapely tits and becoming aroused in a way I hadn't in a long time.

"You don't have to go if you see something you like," Laura said seductively.

You read about and see those moments in books and movies were hidden desire and opportunity intersect but a reasonable person just discounts them as the wild-eyed creations of a bad writing. Normal people with families and reputations to protect just don't succumb to the combination of animal lust and more than a little abject loneliness. But there we were, standing in her porch with the rain pouring down and some baser instinct whispering in our ears.

"I very much see something I like." I said with a small part of my mind cringing at how it sounded.

Despite the clumsy nature of my statement it was enough. In the space of a couple of seconds we were in each others arms. Even though I had never thought of Laura as more than an acquaintance, we kissed like a wildly passionate couple who had been separated for a long time. Somehow during the initial rush of animal lust we drifted over to the wicker patio couch and crashed onto it without really noticing. 

When we finally broke for air, we both looked deeply into each others eyes. We didn't speak, but it was not only crystal clear to both of us that not only hadwe had crossed but that we also didn't care. I didn't have a clue as to how Laura liked to make love so I was going on nothing but instinct. Without thinking I reached up and grabbed the collar of Laura's t-shirt and ripped it off her body. She gasped in surprise and pleasure. "How did you know I like it rough?" she said staring back at me with her eyes blazing.

"I didn't, but it's nice to know these things." I said reaching around and unhooking her bra. As the her bra fell to the floor I gazed at her beautiful tits actually bewildered that I had never really noticed them before. 

Her body still glistened with moisture and I couldn't help myself but immediately lean over and start sucking on one of her rock hard nipples. Laura squealed in pleasure, "Bite it Jason," she almost pleaded, "I want to feel your teeth."

As I slowly bite down on her nipple with my teeth while using the tip of my tongue to dance over it, I heard her moan deeply enjoying the sensation. Laura had always seemed a little prudish to me whenever I talked with her. To realize that she was a sexual tiger and that I had her all to myself was driving me insane.

"I want to see your pussy." I said after letting go of her nipple. Seemingly in a daze Laura got up from the wicker couch and stood in front of me unbuttoned her shorts and letting them drop to the floor. Her panties were nothing spectacular, the type commonly sold at any number of department stores. Like the t-shirt it didn't take much for me to rip them off. I had planned to pull her to me so I could suck on her tits again but she stopped me.

"Wait a minute big boy," she said smiling, "it's your turn to ditch the wet clothes."

She didn't have to ask twice. I jumped up and had both my shorts and shirt off in seconds. "This is going to be so much fun," she said after grasping my fully erect cock in her hand. Laura then pushed me back on the couch and then kneeled down between my legs. Laura immediately took my cock in her mouth and began stroking it up and down with her lips and tongue. The sensation was driving me wild and I struggled not to blow my load. Occasionally, Laura would look at me with her bright blue eyes gone wild with lust as she slid up and down on my throbbing cock checking to see if I could control myself. She pushed me to the very edge then stopped.

At that moment I wasn't really aware of anything but my need to reach satisfaction, but I did remember Laura saying she liked it rough. Jumping up from the couch I moved Laura around to the couch's cushioned armrest and bent her over. With her in position I quickly rammed my cock into her incredibly wet and tight pussy and began pounding. There was no grace or style to me fucking Laura but I could sense that was the way she liked it.

"Go baby go, fuck me hard," she screamed, "I want to feel you deep inside me." I didn't need any encouragement, I continued to increase the rhythm and force until all I heard was the slap of skin against skin and Laura's moaning and heavy breathing. 

Laura was the first to orgasm with the muscles of her pussy going into such severe spasms I couldn't control myself anymore causing me to explode inside her. "Oh my God, Laura," I said after regaining some higher brain functions, "what if I made you pregnant."

"Don't worry lover," she said turning around to kiss me,"I'm still on the pill." With that she grabbed my hand and began pulling me inside the main part of the house. We made our way to the spare bedroom with both of us crawling on top of the queen-sized bed. For a couple of minutes we just laid there holding each other.

I have never been one to look a gifted horse in the mouth but there were a few questions I needed answering. "Laura, answer me this, is something going on? For the past few days I thought both you and Kevin were out of town. Now I'm not complaining, but never in a million years would I have guessed what just happened between us would occur."

Laura looked thoughtful for a several long moments, enough to make me worried I had ruined the mood, but she eventually answered. "Kevin thinks I'm a fool, but I know his sudden sales conference is just a cover for him to run off with that bitch he works with. He's been having an affair for close to a year now. If you're wonder why I picked you for a summer afternoon romp it's because truthfully, you were in the right place at the right time and I know that you and Emily are not the happy little family she desperately wants everyone to believe."

All I could do was pull Laura closer, because the truth was that my own marriage was shame. Emily was a white collar professional while I was a glorified blue collar type who would never make the kind of money she does. A fact my dad-in-law reminded me every time I had the misfortune of being around him. During the early years of our marriage things were good but I could tell now the inequality in salaries was really bothering her. In fact I had long realized the only thing keeping us together was the kids. 

"Did my seriousness bring you down baby?" Laura asks after I had apparently drifted way off in thought. "I'm sorry, if you want to know, another reason I picked you for today was the fact I have always wanted to see how you were in bed. Knowing Emily and the kids were gone and then seeing you outside was just too much of a fantastic opportunity to let slip by." She then got up and straddled my body with her knees pushing into the firm mattress. With her hands she guided my dick back into her pussy and then slowly eased down on it.

"I've felt so alone for such a long time, Jason. I need you to make me feel again." She then leaned down on my chest and we kissed deeply. There was a mixture of desperation in everything we were doing along with a total lack of caring for the outside world. During those moments in that guest bedroom we were a complete person and if a few factors, like children, were not part of the equation I am convinced we would have both agreed to leave our spouses right then. The trouble was that our kids were very much part of our respective lives but we at least had each other during that rainy day.

While Laura laid on my chest I began thrusting my cock upward causing her to gasp and moan. Her pussy was incredibly tight and wet and I wanted nothing more than to go on forever. But Laura had a different idea, she pushed herself up and took control. With her hands on my chest she used her hips to start grinding on my dick. As she enjoyed herself with my body I reached up and began squeezing her beautiful tits. 

"Pinch my nipples lover," she said in a whisper. Laura squealed as I did just that and began pounding on my cock almost as much force as I did her back on the patio. As much as I wanted it to go on Laura reached orgasm and collapsed back on my chest gasping for air. I hadn't, and we re-positioned with Laura laying on her side and me fucking her from behind. My strokes were slow at first but I gradually built up speed until I could feel the excitement again building in Laura. 

"So good...so good...keep going baby." She whispered between the moans. She came again, this time screaming and panting to the point it drove me over the edge. She purred like a cat as I pumped my cum into her. "Your cum is so hot I feel like my insides are on fire," she said turning over to face me.

We laid on that bed for a long time listening to the driving rain. What broke the spell was the sound of our cell phones going off nearly at the same time. We both scrambled to find the damn things with me making careful that I silenced mine before she answered hers. 

"Hello Kevin," she said in neutral but civil tone. I quickly slipped to the far end of the house to let her talk with Kevin. Feeling sure I would not be overheard, I called my own wife back and after discussing what work I had done around the house that day spent several minutes talking with the kids. When it was over I quietly looked for Laura making sure I she wasn't still on the phone. 

"You okay?" I asked after finding her back in the guestroom. 

"Yeah," she responded, "how about you?"

"I'm fine," I said laying next her on the bed. "I told Emily about the limb and how I helped you remove it."

"Kevin is glad everything turned out okay. He told me to really thank you for the help."

"I'd say you've gone above and beyond on that one." I said with a smile.

Laura laughed and moved to cuddle next me. "What are we going to do now Jason? We gave ourselves freely to each other and there is simply no way I can look at you as just my neighbor. We're lovers now and I'm already thinking of ways I can see you again."

"We'll do as we have always done. But I will see you again," I said. "Don't know how or when we'll be able but what happened here is only the beginning."

***

That summer afternoon was three years ago. Our secret rendezvouses after that were few and far between. Sometimes it took as much three or four months for the stars and planets to align for us to find a few short hours alone together. Both Kevin and my wife Emily are so caught up in their professions Laura and I have become secondary to their true purposes in life.

The last time Laura and I were together though something unexpected happened. Laura has always worked as a part-time real estate agent, which theoretically provides us with countless little love nests. On that occasion it was nice cottage on the lake and we had a whole afternoon together. When it was over we parted company and returned to our normal lives. Three weeks later we causally spoke across the fence that divides our backyards.

"I'm pregnant Jason," she said acting as if we were talking about the weather, "and the baby is yours."