 Sean knew exactly what he wanted to when he got to Jenna's house. He was on a mission. A mission to feel her stretched around him; to make her moan with pleasure; to fuck her better, make her cum harder than she ever had before. He was already partially hard from thinking about the busty brunette when he turned into her driveway. He knew she was the only one home, and as he knocked he was ready. 

"Hel..." was all Jenna managed to get out in greeting before Sean's mouth engulfed hers. She felt Sean's tongue exploring her mouth as he closed the door with his foot and pressed her against the wall of the entryway. As she began to return the kiss Jenna could feel Sean's slowly hardening cock pressing against her through their pants. 

Sean reached down and began to lift Jenna's shirt, only lessening his body's pressure on her and the wall long enough to lift it over her head and unclasp her bra. The bra fell to floor and Sean's mouth followed it nibbling and sucking on Jenna's neck before settling on her breasts. He began to suck and flick her left nipple, feeling it harden between his lips and giving it a light nip before moving to the right nipple. All Jenna could do was run her hands through his hair, a contented sigh escaping her lips as she arched her back, pressing her body into Sean's as he pulled his head away from her chest and brought it back to her mouth. Sean lifted her legs and started walking to the bedroom, his mouth kissing and sucking every part of Jenna's body it could reach until he reached the bedroom and laid Jenna out on the bed in front of him. 

"Hi," He finally said, smiling down at the topless brunette as his hands worked to remove her pants. He leaned down and kissed her again as he finished with the zipper and began to pull off her jeans and panties at the same time, exposing her beautiful shaved pussy. He kept kissing her, rubbing a finger lightly up and down Jenna's slit, feeling her moan into his mouth before he slowly kissed his way down her stomach, his eyes locked on hers as he began to taste her sweet juices. Sean started with a long lick from the bottom of Jenna's slit to her clit, where he began to lick faster and faster, tongue flicking over Jenna's button as he put a finger inside Jenna, moving it in concert with his tongue, feeling Jenna's hands running through his hair and hearing her moan only increased the intensity of his licks. Jenna gasped as a second finger entered her, her clit still being assaulted by Sean's tongue. She began pulling on Sean's hair as she began to cum into his mouth, which overflowed as he tried to swallow Jenna's sweet juices.

Jenna pulled Sean's face back to hers, tasting herself before shoving him onto his back and getting on top of him. She pressed her breasts into his face before sensually moving her way down his body, her breasts surrounding his cock and leading the tip into her mouth. Sean gasped as he felt Jenna's warm, wet mouth just barely take in the tip of his cock before gripping it with her hand, and spreading the saliva over it. Jenna grinned mischievously at Sean making eye contact and holding it as she took his cock slowly, inch by inch, down her throat. She lightly grabbed his balls and started rubbing them softly as her head moved back up, exposing all of it but the head. Sean groaned as Jenna's tongue swirled over the tip of his cock in her mouth, a feeling he enjoyed briefly before she began to bob her head up and down on him, still rubbing his balls with one hand, as her other inched involuntarily to her cunt. Jenna started moving her head faster, feeling Sean's cock stiffen more than she thought possible as she timed the hand on her pussy with her mouth.

Without warning Sean grabbed Jenna's shoulders and threw her back onto the bed. She lay on her back with a wicked smile on her face and a hand slowly rubbing her cunt. Sean moved over her and she grabbed his cock with the hand she had been touching herself with it, using it to cover his cock in her own juices and pulled him down to her slit and rubbed the tip up and down. This was too much for Sean who thrust, deep into her, his first stroke going balls deep and then pulling out to the head. All Jenna could do was grab Sean's back, her nails inadvertently breaking the skin as he continued to pound into her, each thrust stretching her around him as he thrust harder and faster. Deeper and deeper into Jenna's tight pussy. 

Sean began to kiss Jenna's neck as he thrust, she gripped him harder as she felt his mouth on her, moaning louder as Sean's mouth began to move lower and his tongue quickly flicked her nipples back and forth. She felt herself tightening around him as her second orgasm built up inside her.

"I'm gonna cum, baby," she managed to gasp out through the haze of pleasure.

"So am I," Sean said, thrusting faster into her. Feeling her tightening around him. Jenna screamed as her orgasm overtook her, grabbing Sean's ass to try to pull him deeper into her as she came. The increased tightness was too much for Sean who began to pump even harder into the brunette, pumping his cum into her tight cunt, filling her with it until he slumped on top of her

Then, as both of them lay spent and covered in sweat Jenna leaned over smiling and finally said "hi."