 I was particularly worked up one Thursday night, and put my best moves on my wife in bed. Getting her to have midweek sex with me is a 50/50 proposition at best, but she was actually going for it that night. That is, until she fell asleep on me. I knew if I woke her up, she would just be pissed, so instead I rolled over, lubed up my cock, and jerked myself to a less than satisfying orgasm. 

I woke up the next morning with a huge boner, but since the wife was up and dressed already, I figured the only way it would be taken care of would be the same way I took care of it last night. Before I could even squeeze the lube onto my cock, Renee yelled to the bedroom, "Luke, can you bring out my brown flats. And can you get up and help me look for my keys?" I got her flats, found the keys that she had left in some random spot (like that is my problem anyway), got her out the door, and headed back to bed. She noticed me with my huge boner before she left, and gave me a little shit for it, but did promise she would take care of me tonight since I "took too long to get going" when she fell asleep last night. 

I still had 15 minutes before I needed to get up and get ready. Of course, as soon as I had the lube out and was ready to go, the dog appeared at the side of the bed with her "If you don't take me out right now I'm going to pee in front of you and then go shit somewhere hidden so you don't find it for days" look, so I crawled back out of bed, let the dog out, waited for her to be done, let her back in and fed her. I still had five minutes, not as much as I would like to take, but still enough to at least relieve enough tension until my wife could help me out more later. Of course, as soon as I got back into bed, I heard a little voice calling out from outside the door, "Daddy, can I watch TV before school?" "

"Jesus fucking Christ," I muttered, "what the fuck did I do to deserve this?" I was obviously not going to nut before work, so I threw on some clothes and got ready to face my day.

My foul mood was obvious to anyone who came across me that day, and I tried to just sit in my office and not deal with anyone, hoping the weekend would get there and I'd be able to go home. Everyone seemed to sense I just wanted some space, and was willing to give it to me, except for our intern Dana.

"You look like your having a bad day, Luke,"" she said, popping her head in to grab a report she needed to pass up the line. "Anything I can do to help." Little did she know. I wondered why she chose today get personal. We had said hi and talked a little about work in the couple of months that she'd been there, but other than passing reports to her she needed to deliver to other people, we hadn't really said all that much. She was a cute girl, and I think about 19 or 20. She had long blonde hair that she let hang low, in contrast to the regular employees who usually had it done up in severe buns. She did carry a few more pounds on her five foot, ten inch frame that I usually find attractive on women. She wasn't fat, but she was no skinny flat chested teenager either. She had nice curves that were highlighted by her cross between professional and college student clothes she wore to work, like she was trying to dress grown up, but hadn't quite figured out how yet.

"I'm just having a shitty day, and I'm just waiting for 5:00 to come so that I don't blow a gasket and go off on someone for something that I normally wouldn't care about. Thanks for asking, though, everyone else has just let me wallow in here." Did my mood just brighten because she asked me how I was?

"Well, we can't have that now, can we? Hey, I'm going out for a cigarette break after I run and drop these reports off. You should come with me."

"Dana, I don't smoke."

"That's ok, non smokers need a cigarette break sometimes. You should come out, it'll help you relax. Meet me outside of the loading dock in about ten minutes, ok?"

I looked her up and down. She was wearing a pair of tight black shorts that came just below the knee. At first blush, they looked like she was wearing a kind of pencil skirt, at least until she started walking. She was wearing a bright, flowy shirt that landed somewhere between electric green and some kind of neon turquoise. And a pair of two inch black heels. Halfway between student and professional. I could think of worse things to do than stand outside with her while she smoked a cigarette on a beautiful day. "Sure, why not, I'm in."

"Great, I'll see you in a few." She spun and left with the report she needed to deliver, and as I looked down to finish a couple of Emails before I left to meet her, I saw her look back at me over her shoulder. I looked back up and suddenly became entranced watching her hips sway as she faded from view.

Ten minutes later, there I was, walking out the back door to the loading dock area. Most of the smokers went out to a picnic table that had been designated as the smoking area, although smoking was permissible here. They just liked to be able to sit in the shade at the table as socialize, and this was a pretty noisy area when the deliveries were coming in. On Fridays, after about 10:00, there were no more deliveries, so this was pretty deserted now. Dana was about ten feet away from the door, and gave me a little wave as she took a drag off her cigarette.

"I'm glad you came. You need to just take a minute and relax. Whatever is bothering you is just not worth it." She exhaled a puff of smoke.

"Yeah, it's a little more complicated than that. I'll be ok once 5:00 gets here."

"Hey, come around here with me," she said, leading me around a corner to a little cubby area built into the building. "It's a little shadier and cool out over here."

I followed her around the corner, and she was leaned against the wall facing me when I rounded the bend. "So, what is it you're studying..." I started to ask, until she leaned into me when I got close to her and pressed her lips to mine. She took me by surprise, and the suddenness of her motion pushed me back against the wall.

"I think I have an idea on how to make you less stressed," she whispered into my ear in a momentary pause from kissing me. I know as a married man, I should have stopped her, but I couldn't. I know as a professional I should have stopped her, but I couldn't. She reached down to where her body was grinding against my now extremely hard cock, and started stroking me through my pants. I moaned, giving her all the encouragement she needed.

She kept kissing me, her tongue probing the inside of my mouth, as her gentle fingers undid my belt, unsnapped my snap, and unzipped my zipper. She broke our kiss again, and leaned back into my ear, "When is the last time you got a tug from a 19 year old?" She licked my earlobe, and gave it a quick nibble. I moaned again.

"It's probably been since I was 19," I said in a hushed whisper. He fingers glided over the material of my boxers, and my cock twitched at the attention it was receiving. Her gentle ministration had elicited a boner the likes of which I had never had before.

"Dana, what if someone sees us."

"Luke, no one comes out here on Fridays. Please just relax and let me do this nice thing I'm trying to do for you." She ran her finger around the opening of the boxers, and finally touched bare skin to bare skin and her index finger probed inside of my shorts. She went back to kissing me as she tugged my pants and boxers down around my ankles. If someone did come out now, there would be no way of talking my way out of this situation.

With my pants out of the way, her hand came to rest gently on my shaft. She formed a circle with her hand, and squeezed the head of my cock in the palm of her hands. A shockwave went through my body, and I shivered despite the temperature being high. "Does that feel good baby? Are you going to come for me so I can watch?" My mouth was dry, and I found myself unable to speak, because as soon as she started talking, her hand started moving. She glided it up the entire length of my cock, and held it there at the base. "Is that how you like it? Nice and slow and easy"

"No baby, I like it fast and hard." She went back to my head soft and gentle, and then zoomed back down to the base while squeezing my cock hard. She went on for a few minutes with that rhythm, soft on the way up, hard on the way down. My balls started to twitch, and as if she could sense it, she reached down with my free hand and cupped my balls, giving them a little squeeze before releasing them. She started to exert more pressure, and picked up the speed with which she was jacking me off.

"Oh baby, I love the feel of a rock hard cock in my hand. I love knowing that you're hard because of me. I love getting you off, and watching you spurt your cum all over the place. Am I doing a good job baby? Are you going to reward me by letting me watch you come?" Her voice never went above a whisper, but it echoed in my head as she had raised her stroking to another level, and was now furiously trying to coax my hot sticky cum out from inside my body.

"God Dana, that feels good." The heat and friction were starting to take their toll. My arms hung limply by my side, and I was leaning against the wall for support.

"Go ahead and grab my tits baby. I don't wear bras." I reached up and fondled her through her silky material. Her nipples were rock hard before I even touched them, and they seemed to grow bigger and harder after the attention I gave them. "Come for me baby. I want to see you come. Do you have a big load for me? I get off on seeing big cocks like yours shooting big loads all over my hands."

The combination of the whispered dirty talk, the high speed friction on my cock, and the feel of 19 year old perky breasts with apparently huge nipples was too much for me. "Oh god, I'm going to come. I feel like my balls are going to explode. Dana, I'm coming for you." She stepped back a little bit, just in time to avoid getting splattered by my first shot, which traveled almost six feet. She slowed down but kept pumping me, coaxing six more shots out of me before I collapsed against the wall, spent. She had some of the come on the hand she had used on me, and right before my eyes, she raised the hand to her lips and started to lick my sperm off of herself. She licked herself clean like she was a cat.

"Mmmm, baby. I love the taste of come."

I pulled my pants up. "Can I have a cigarette, Dana?"

"I thought you didn't smoke," she said with a wry smirk.

"After that cigarette break, I need one," I replied. "My god that was intense. Thanks, Dana. That was just what the doctor ordered." I lit the cigarette she handed me, and we both took our first drags.

"No problem. Now the next time you're in a bad mood, you let me know, ok?"

"Dana, I'm going to let you know even when I'm in a good mood from now on."

We finished our cigarettes, shared one last kiss, and went back in to finish our day. I was in a great mood. The whole time I was making love to my wife that night, I was thinking about my cute little sexy intern.