 Alexa clenched her jaw and resisted the urge to gouge her own eyes out. Instead, she let her long nails dig into her hip as she stood firmly in front of Ron. It was the third time that day that he had started screaming at her, and she was about ready to shove her stopwatch down his throat.

First it was that his complimentary parking pass was only good for a lot that was two blocks away, and he was obviously too important to walk those two blocks to the rehearsal hall. Then it was that his props weren't ready, even though he was the one who smashed them on the floor the day before. And this time? Because she downright refused to buy a specific type of creamer with their already-limited coffee budget. That obviously meant, on top of everything else that day, that Alexa was completely incapable of doing her job.

She was getting really sick of dealing with his attitude. Alexa had never come across an actor so stuck up, so full of himself, and so demanding as Ron Garett. There were stories, of course, of actors demanding this or that, totally trivial things, but Alexa had never personally come across anything like it. Most actors she knew were decent, civil people. As a stage manager, she was thankful for that. Her plate was full enough without having to deal with egotistical snobs. Ron Garett, on the other hand, was of a whole different breed.

The man strolled in fifteen minutes late almost every morning. Gerald, the director, was on Alexa's ass about that. Not that she could do anything about it, of course -- Ron had absolutely no respect for her. On those days that he managed to show up on time, he found something to berate Alexa about before the day even started. That the coffee wasn't quite done, that the floor was dirty and he refused to rehearse until she mopped it, that the floor was still wet after she mopped it. She couldn't win. She was at the theatre an hour before everyone and there an hour after. If she mopped first thing, the floor dried before he got there and he wouldn't believe she mopped it. If she mopped it too late, it wasn't dry in time. 

And Ron threw tantrums like she had never seen. Even Gerald admitted casting him had been a huge mistake. The man was new in town, and this was the first show he had been cast in, but he thought he was a hot shot. He was an asshole, plain and simple, and Alexa couldn't recall any man that had ever made her hornier. He was gorgeous -- he had a chiselled body, strong arms and a cute ass. She was almost tempted to typecast him as the tall, dark stranger -- his eyes were deep and dark and his hair fell against his forehead, contrasting to his slightly tanned skin. But he treated her like shit, and she would never allow herself to be with someone who did that. It just made her even more frustrated that while she wanted to scream at him to smarten up, she also couldn't stop wondering what it would be like to slowly strip his clothes off and lick every inch of his toned skin.

"Well?" Alexa snapped out of her thoughts to see Ron towering over her. She took a deep breath and reminded herself that as little as her job paid, she needed it.

"Well, Ron, I'm sorry that regular half-and-half doesn't suit you, but there is no money left in the budget for flavoured coffee creamer. You're more than welcome to bring your own in." 

Ron looked ready to freak out again when Danica rolled her eyes and punched him on the arm. "Dude, shut up. You're freaking out over coffee creamer that no one would drink but you." 

Ron's lip twitched and he glared at Alexa. "If you gave a shit for any of us, you'd do your job properly."

"I'm sorry you feel that way," Alexa said, digging her nails into the palm of her hand to keep from slapping him. Luckily, Gerald came up to save her.

"It's been a long day," he said, putting his hand on Ron's shoulder. "Why don't we call it early?"

Ron stormed out of the room and Alexa put on her fake smile as the rest of the actors made half-hearted apologies for Ron's behaviour and gathered their things. She went through her post-rehearsal chat with Gerald, went into her office, and shut the door, gritting her teeth together to keep from screaming. She took a deep breath and smoothed her hair back before quickly typing the schedule for the day after the next, and thanked whoever might be listening that the next day was her day off. She needed to get away from Ron for awhile. She was tired of his bullshit, but she was even more tired of wanting to touch his glossy hair and unbutton his shirt so she could run her hands against his strong body. Maybe with him tied to her bed, so she could do whatever she wanted -- so he could feel what it was like to not always get his own way.

A sudden knock on the door jolted Alexa out of her thoughts, and she was thankful. She could feel a warmness radiating from between her legs, even through her jeans. Shaking her head to clear the thoughts of a naked Ron from her head, she stood up to open it. 

"Alexa!" Danica and one of the other actors, Paul, were standing there. "Hey, a bunch of us are going out for drinks later tonight. Wanna come?"

Normally, Alexa would be too tired, but after the day she had, she could use a night out. "You know what, yeah," said Alexa. "Who's all coming?"

"Everyone, I think," Paul replied, knowing full well she was asking if Ron would be there. "But there's gonna be a lot of us, you don't have to deal with... anyone you don't want to."

Alexa considered changing her mind, but smiled. "No, I'll be there," she said. "I'm not going to let... anyone stop me from having a good night."

Paul and Danica grinned and gave her the details. Alexa would have just enough time to run home, shower, and change before meeting them at a club about a block from the theatre. With a promise to see them soon, Alexa gathered her things and the schedule she had just made and locked her office. 

On her way out of the building, she stopped by the rehearsal hall to put the schedule on the bulletin board, sighing in frustration when she realised Gerald must have turned off the lights on his way out. The room had two entrances, and as her luck would have it, the light switch was next to the entrance on the other side of the room.

She felt her way through the room in the dark, silently congratulating herself for not tripping on any of the rehearsal furniture as she made her way across the room. In the dim light that spread from the door, she was able to post the schedule and turned to make her way back when she heard Ron's voice.

"...dumb bitch of a stage manager," she heard him say. He paused, and at that moment she saw his silhouette in the open door, a cell phone pressed to his ear. "She doesn't give a shit about anyone! ... I tell you, man, if everyone in this town is like her, I'm never working here again."

Well, thank God for that, thought Alexa. She stayed pressed against the wall next to the rehearsal board. There was no way she was going to leave and get into a fight with Ron -- she had just about enough of him for that day. 

"It's too bad," Ron was saying. "She's just a stone cold bitch... No, she's got the personality of a pile of dog shit and the intelligence of a... no, not a parrot, I mean, she's got the talking part down but that's an insult to parrots."

Alexa's face flushed and she could feel her heart beat picking up. He was such an asshole! How dare he even speak like that about her? She knew she was smart and she knew she had a great personality. Ron was just the world's biggest prick.

"Man, I tell you, if she wasn't such a bitch, though..." Ron paused. "No, I'm saying she's a damn hot piece of ass. If she had no personality and was just dumb, I'd fuck her. If she was still a bitch and had no personality, I'd still fuck her. But I'm not putting my dick near a dumb, no-personality bitch. What if it's catching?" He laughed. "No man, you ought to see her... no, not huge. Pretty big, though. More than a handful but not so big that they'll be hanging to her knees in five years. Like, you could motorboat that shit..." He laughed again. "No man, it's her ass that you oughta see. I mean, she wears these fucking ugly sweaters so you can't totally appreciate the rack, but she fills out a pair of jeans like nobody's business. Big, round apple ass on top of these legs that go on forever. Like, you'd never want to do anything but doggy style on her... So you didn't have to look at her face and could just appreciate that big, fine ass with those toned legs of hers just spread." There was a longer pause. "Man, you don't get it. Even with a body like hers, it's not worth it... well, I wouldn't go so far as to call her a butterface. Maybe if she wiped that self-righteous smirk off it and stopped thinking she was better than everyone else."

Alexa was shaking and clenching her fists and jaw. It took everything in her not to cross the rehearsal hall and slap Ron. No, not slap him. She wanted to gouge his eyes out and then just choke him to death.

"Nah, she wears these sweaters that my grandma wouldn't even be caught dead in. Let me tell you, if she would just put on a nice tight skirt that showed off those legs, one of those shirts that chicks wear and they never do the buttons up all the way so you could actually see the rack, maybe I'd forget what a dumbass she is and let her suck my cock..." he laughed even harder, and Alexa watched as his silhouette finally left the doorway. His voice started fading as he walked towards the door. "Dude, a bitch like that is barely worthy of sucking my cock, let alone getting fucked by it..."

And with those words ringing in her ears, Alexa heard the door slam shut behind him. She slowly unclenched her fists and realised that she had been biting the inside of her cheek as she clenched her jaw. She took another deep breath before making her way across the rehearsal hall and locking the door.

Not worthy to suck his cock, she thought. He talked about her like she was a piece of meat. She hated the fact that she was imagining her lips wrapped around his cock, and hated the fact that it was turning her own. He was such a bastard! He was a disgusting excuse for a human, yet she couldn't get him out of her mind. 

She had calmed down by the time she got home. She threw her purse on the couch and made her way to the bathroom, where she took a moment to look at herself in the mirror.

As much as she hated to admit it, Ron did have a point about the sweaters. Alexa's mother made a lot of her clothes and Alexa really saw no point in buying a lot of things -- after all, she didn't make a lot of money. If she had perfectly good clothes, why waste money on something else? But the sweaters were a bit shapeless. She could see the hint of her breasts underneath the bulky wool, but it didn't even touch her sides or stomach. She turned and looked at her jeans. She had never really thought of her ass as that great, but she could see why Ron thought so. It was round, firm, and gave her body a great curve. And she knew her legs were great. Alexa's apartment was on the fourth floor of a building with no elevator. It was great for toning her legs, and during the summer, she mountain-biked whenever she could. 

She slowly took her bulky sweater off, looking at her body as she did. Her tits weren't bad, she thought. Not as perky as they were a few years ago, but pretty firm for their size and the fact that she was in her late 20's. She had a bit of a tummy, but she was okay with that. When she was in high school, she had a flat bikini-body, and that was okay, but she loved how she looked with a little extra weight on her and didn't care that she had a tummy now. She slowly turned in the mirror, looking at her breasts, her stomach, her shoulders, her back. Not bad. She undid her bra and let it drop to the floor. 

Then her jeans. Alexa undid them and bent over, slipping them off her legs, then stood up in just her panties. Her legs looked great -- smooth, toned, shapely. Her panties sat on her hips, highlighting the subtle hourglass of her figure. Again she turned and looked at her ass in the mirror. It was pretty cute, she thought. Her panties were boy-short style, framing her ass in a sexy way. 

He wants this, Alexa thought, and it made her feel better. Ron could talk about what a bitch she was all he wanted, but deep down, he wanted her body, and he would just have to deal with not getting what he wanted. 

She slipped her panties off and started the shower, waiting until the water was hot and the bathroom was slightly steamed up before stepping into it. The hot water ran down her body and she inhaled, the steam calm and relaxing. She closed her eyes and let the water relax her, melt away the tension and anger that Ron caused her. When she felt completely calm, she began to wash her hair, taking her time with the long, dark locks. She washed her body, enjoying the scent of her body wash as she ran the cloth over her body -- breasts, hips, the mound between her legs... she lingered there a little longer than she should have, an image of Ron's toned stomach starting to form in her mind, but she quickly scolded herself. He was not worthy of even being present in a masturbatory fantasy, and she had promised the actors she would go out with them. 

She got out of the shower and dried herself off, wrapping a towel around her body before brushing her long hair. Steam billowed out of the bathroom as she opened the door to go to her room and get changed.

Alexa knew of the bar Danica and Paul told her about. It was a nice place -- a big dance floor, but a classy lounge up top. She couldn't get away with one of her sweaters there, though. She opened her closet and stood with her hands on her hips, staring at her small collection of clothes that she had actually purchased. There wasn't a lot of selection. 

There was, however, an idea. Alexa had bought a pencil skirt to wear on job interviews a few years ago, but had put it in the drier by mistake and now it was a bit too short to be worn to interviews. It was heather grey, high waisted, and had a slit partway up the back. She picked out a plain white blouse and dropped the towel on the floor as she slipped on a plain thong and a simple push up bra, then dried her hair and let it fall into waves around her face.

She was going to show Ron exactly what he was missing by being such a jackass. He thought she was just some stupid bitch who happened to have a decent rack? She knew she was damn sexy and he was just going to have to miss out on that. 

It took her a few minutes to put on some makeup, slip into her sexiest black pumps, and grab her purse. With a quick glance in mirror, she couldn't help but smile. Alexa didn't think it often, but she looked hot.

It was only verified when she walked into the bar. "Hot DAMN!" Paul exclaimed. "Alexa, darling, you clean up quite well."

"Quite well indeed," Danica agreed, laughing. "What are you drinking? There's a special on dirty martinis if you like 'em." 

"I would love a dirty martini," Alexa said, grinning at the tall actor. She turned to put her coat and purse on a chair at the table when she saw an image that made her evening.

Ron was sitting with Gerald a few tables over. His hand was clenched around the neck of his beer bottle and his mouth was hanging open. There was an expression on his face that seemed to be a mix of confusion, embarrassment, realisation, and though she almost thought she was imagining it, pure lust. Alexa caught his eye and raised an eyebrow at him before smirking and turning back to the bar to get her drink. 

She couldn't have had a better time. She had a great time talking with Danica and Paul and a few of the other actors, and every so often she caught Ron staring at her from across the bar -- particularly when she stood up and walked over to the bar. 

"God, check out Mr. Antisocial," Danica mumbled, glancing over at Ron once the table was down to just her, Alexa, and Paul. "I don't know if he could be any more stuck up."

"It's because of me," Alexa said a little more bluntly than she would have if she wasn't on her fourth dirty martini. "He just hates me."

"So not true," Paul said, leaning into the table. "He doesn't deal well with women in authority positions, that's true enough, but he's pissed because he thinks you're the sexiest damn thing in the world and he can't make you do what he wants. He's so used to getting his own way." 

"How do you know that?" Danica asked.

"Mutual friend," replied Paul, crossing his legs and sipping his drink. "My sources inform me that Mr. Garett is a spoiled brat, and a bit of a big shot where he comes from. He was not expecting to be so unknown when he took this job and is suffering from a little problem we like to call 'deflation of the ego.' Side effects include irritability, jackassedness, and pure asshattery." 

Danica and Alexa burst out laughing. Paul shook his head.

"I'm serious, ladies. My source said that Mr. Garett was confident on the first day of rehearsal that he would be is our dear Alexa's well-fitting jeans by the end of the week. When it turned out that Alexa is too damn smart to fall for any of his jackass antics, he turned into a snotty little bitch."

"Oh bullshit," Alexa snorted. "The guy thinks I'm a dumb bitch with no personality."

"Only because he couldn't get you to strip down and scream 'take me' in the middle of a rehearsal!" Paul exclaimed, causing Danica and Alexa to burst into laughter. "Apparently he's got women lined up to sleep with him back home and when you barely noticed him, he decided to throw a tantrum that's been lasting for weeks."

"Sounds like he's a bit full of himself," said Danica, still giggling. 

"A bit," Paul agreed. "Mostly I think it's kind of sad." Alexa raised her eyebrows at him. "Well, he's here on his own. He took a huge chance coming out here to make his career bigger, but it's not turning out like he hoped. He's got no family, and considering that he's sitting with Gerald and hasn't spoken all night, no friends. Plus..." he leaned forward again, lowering his voice "...I heard he's almost broke. Keep this between us, but I guess his mom got really sick just after he moved here and the company wouldn't let him break his contract to go back to take care of her, so he's basically just biding his time until this show is over. I guess he's been sending every penny he can spare over to his mom. He's been nursing the same beer all night because Gerald bought it for him and he can't afford to buy one for himself."

Alexa glanced over at Ron, who wasn't looking in their direction, and felt a pang of pity. "I didn't know that," she said, then remembered what she had heard him say earlier. "But that still doesn't give him license to be an asshole!" 

Paul shrugged. "I agree," he said. "Bet he regrets how he's been acting towards you now. He's been mentally undressing you all night." 

"Too bad he's such a prick," Danica mused. "What a waste of a perfect body."

Alexa flushed and glanced at Ron again. She stared at him for a moment before she realised he was looking at her. He held her gaze until Alexa looked away, her heart pounding a little harder. Paul was still talking, but she hadn't heard anything. 

His expression wasn't the same as when she first came in. Now, he looked angry. Not furious, not the screaming mad she was usually faced with in rehearsal. Just... angry. His eyes were dark and the look made her nervous. In that moment, she really felt how much she'd had to drink and pushed her half-finished martini away from her.

"I'm not feeling well," she announced suddenly. Her face felt warm and she was dizzy. "I'm sorry to cut this short, guys, but I really need to go home."

"Do you want someone to go with you?" Danica asked, looking worried. 

"No, no, I'm fine," Alexa said, standing up and getting her coat. "I think work just caught up with me and I'm really tired all of a sudden." She hugged Paul and Danica, waved at the other cast members, and left.
