 My lover, Mark, and I are spending a week on his houseboat at Lake Powell. We've found a secluded canyon in which to spend a few days and have decided that the best way to spend it is completely naked. Since I have very fair skin, I burn quite easily, so I have to use plenty of sunscreen. At least SPF 30 at this altitude. I could cover most of myself with the lotion, and then have Mark to do the rest, but I decide that it would be much more fun to have him do it. 

I'm sitting with my back to him when I ask him to rub me down, so he naturally starts with my back. "Don't forget my neck," I remind him. It feels so good to feel his hands sliding over my skin. 

"You'll have to lie down so I can get your ass and legs," he tells me. So I wiggle around until I'm on my stomach, with my legs slightly spread. He dribbles the lotion onto my lower back and then smoothes it over my ass. He makes sure he gets plenty between my cheeks, but also takes special care to not to touch my pussy, knowing that it drives me wild when he teases me that way. 

He moves on to my legs, taking long strokes up and down each leg from my ass to my ankles. When he's finished, me smacks me on the butt and tells me he's done. 

"What about the other side" I ask, feigning innocence as I turn over. I know that his cock has been at half-mast most of the time he's been applying the lotion, and I see it jerk and grow harder as I open myself to his ministrations. Since I've already applied some to my face, he starts at my throat, stroking it up and down, and then across my collarbones to my shoulders, and down onto my arms. I'm watching him as he touches me and I see him get a mischievous look on his face. Then he starts to squirt the lotion all over my breasts and belly. He smears it all around without rubbing it in. From my breasts to my belly button I am one greasy mess! With the excess on his hands, he strokes my legs from my thighs to my toes, coating each leg in turn. All the while, avoiding my bare mound. 

"Hey, aren't you forgetting something?" I ask, rather perturbed that he keeps skipping over my pussy. I know he loves the feel of my skin when it's shaved bare, so I can't figure out what he's up to. 

He just chuckles. By this point, his cock is rock hard and all my plans for getting any sun have gone by the wayside. I really, really want him to touch my pussy, and he knows it. Which is why, damn him, he's not doing it! He does, finally, smooth a little lotion over the skin covering my pubic bone, but refrains from touching my clit. 

"My turn" he says as he flops onto his back. I think I've caught onto his little game since he isn't the type to burn, so I straddle his waist and kiss him. Then I rub my greasy breasts and belly all over his chest and stomach, making sure to rub it in really well. I sit up and take the bottle of lotion and squeeze a portion into my hands and start to smooth it over his arms and shoulders and anywhere else my full-body application didn't cover. Since both of us are now covered from neck to nether portion with sunscreen, there isn't much we can do with our mouths. Which is a shame, since I really like to taste and be tasted. I have to be content with touching him. I'm sitting on his thighs so I can get full access to his torso. The lotion has made our skin very slippery. I love running my hands up and down his body. I love the way he gasps and tenses as I brush over his belly. I tease him by massaging the muscles over his pubic bone but avoid touching his cock or balls. I look up to see him watching me. He hasn't moved a muscle except in reaction to my touching the whole time he's been lying there. His cock is standing straight up, right in front of me. 

"Now what?" I ask, challenging him. The next move is up to him. 

He pulls me forward to kiss me. He starts out gently brushing his lips across mine then presses harder, opening my mouth. He thrusts his tongue into my mouth almost as if it was his cock pushing into my pussy, his tongue probing deep into my mouth, almost into my throat. Our tongues wrestle with each other for a while until I break away to catch my breath. I'm propped on my arms over him and he runs his hands up my arms, down over my breasts then around to my ass. He grabs me by the ass, lifting me and spreading me at the same time. He lowers me onto his cock, sliding me ever so slowly down the length of it. It feels so good to be impaled on him. His cock fills me completely. I can feel the head pressing against my cervix. 

I start to ride him now. Sliding slowly up his cock until just the tip is inside my pussy lips. Sliding slowing back down until I can rub my clit against his pubic bone. I love the heat of his cock. I want to keep it inside me for as long as possible. Thus, I take it slow, holding it deep inside me until the need for friction drives me to move again. I have to move faster, faster, feeling the heat building between us. Up and down again and again. My juices start to pool on the bare base of his cock. I'm desperate, I just can't move fast enough. Mark sits up, stopping me. He lays me on my back, on top of me, calming me with kisses and caresses. Easing me back from the edge. 

He moves between my legs, spreading them, entering me. Our bodies are drenched in sweat. He thrusts into me, pushing deep inside. He holds nothing back, rocking me with the force of his desire. I push up to meet him, thrust for thrust, building all the while towards that ultimate release. My body is on fire from our passion. I wrap my legs around his back, bringing him close to me so I can feel every inch of him against my skin. "Come for me baby," he breathes into my ear. The hot core of my being explodes, sending waves of pleasure radiating out from my womb. The clenching of my muscles brings Mark to his release and I feel his hot semen spray against my cervix.

I love the feel of his weight on me, so I hold him close until our breathing quiets, and all the orgasmic aftershocks subside.