 It's raining today. The cold and wet makes me think I'd like to be inside with you, a fire blazing in the fireplace while you warm me from the inside out. 

We could sit on a blanket in front of the fire, your back against the couch and my back against your front, my hips pressed into yours, cradling your cock against my ass cheeks through our clothes. 

I lean my head back against you, turning it slightly to bring my mouth within your reach. My hands are on top of yours as you slide them up and down my inner thighs on top of my tights. When your tongue enters my mouth, I twine my fingers with yours and clench my hands as my tits start to rise and fall rapidly. I place my feet flat on the floor on the outside of your knees, spreading my thighs wide and showing you how much I want your touch between them. 

You push your tongue into my waiting mouth over and over, letting me suck it as it goes in and out, and I make a needy noise from the back of my throat. I want to feel the same rhythm when you put your fingers inside my pussy.

Our fingers still clenched, I feel you move your right hand to my center, and you place it flat against me, squeezing slightly through the layers of my tights and panties. Your hand is so warm, covering my pussy lips easily, and I feel myself getting wet as I push against your palm, soaking my panties and tights so you feel my wetness. You start to tongue fuck my mouth harder as I moan against your lips. I need your touch on my skin, baby. I take my hands off yours and reach down, putting my thumbs inside my waistband, lifting my hips and pulling my panties and tights down over my ass and thighs, stretching out my legs and kicking the clothes the rest of the way off. It's so hot in here now. The fire is overwhelming, inside and out. The hair around my face is damp with sweat and my body is hot to the touch. I take my mouth off yours and lean forward, pulling my tshirt over my head as your hand returns to my pussy lips, covering the soft, bare skin, as you push one finger inside.

I toss my shirt aside, and lean back against you, my hands going to my tits, feeling my nipples harden through my lacy bra cups. I'm so hot but I don't want to move away from you again, so I pull the cups of my bra down, pushing my tits up and over them, baring them to the warm air and my hands. I grasp my nipples and squeeze. They're so hard, baby. I want you to feel them. 

You whisper in my ear, "You're little cunt is so tight and wet, sweetie."

I moan and thrust my hips against your hand, feeling you push two fingers inside me as your other palm slides up to cover my left titty, touching me exactly like I need you to. 

"Oh, god, baby! Please finger fuck my pussy. I love feeling your hands on me," I say.

I want to touch you but you're still fully clothed, and I'm too greedy to stop you touching me. I tell you. "I want you to feel good, too, baby!" The apology in my tone is evident and you show me it's okay by raising your knees up, pushing my thighs even wider on the outside of yours, spreading my pussy and pressing in a third finger. "Mmm...yes, please!!" 

My thoughts scatter and I can't say more as my hips start to rise and fall, grinding against your hand, my soaking pussy drenching your fingers. Your other hand still covering my tit, I raise my arms and clasp them behind your neck, pushing my titties up and out, pressing into your palm as I try to get your fingers deeper inside my pussy; you curl them and pull forward, working my gspot. I moan and turn my head back to lick into your mouth, wanting your tongue inside of some part of me as well. I'm so greedy for you. I want some of you in all of my holes, always filling me up.

My pussy starts to clench around your fingers, my juices running down your hand as I start to orgasm. "I'm cumming, baby! Please don't stop!" I scream as my body shakes and I clench my hands in your hair, still fucking against your fingers, but not in a steady rhythm. My body is convulsing too much for that. 

A minute passes. I'm not sure what happens. I'm lost in my physical reaction to your touch, and I sigh and gasp as I lean back against you, unable to move anymore, my cunt clenching and unclenching if its own accord.

I rest for a second, my tits rising and falling with my rapid breathing as I feel you pull your fingers out of my pussy. I feel the loss, and a small whine escapes me. It's like they're meant to be there, and I feel bereft without them. 

Your other hand is still massaging my left titty, and I feel the fingers of your right hand press against my mouth. They're wet with my cum, and I open my lips for you, sucking all three inside, licking my juice off of each digit and tasting my salty sweetness. 

I realize again how hot I am, that the fire is still burning and I remember that you're still fully clothed. That doesn't work for me. I want to feel your skin. I want to make you feel as good as I do.

Removing my hands from your hair, I place them on your forearms and push your hands down by your sides, biting my lip as I pull my legs together, lean forward onto my knees and turn around to face you. 

I look you in the eyes as my hands go to your waistband, unbuttoning your jeans, then sliding the zipper down. I grasp the elastic of your boxers and pull out, reaching in to wrap my hand around your hard dick and pulling it free. Your eyes close and you lean your head back on the couch as I sigh when I see your beautiful cock for the first time today. It's like a long lost friend, and I lose myself again as I lean forward, taking the head into my mouth.

I hear you moan and shift your weight as you raise up slightly to push your jeans and boxers down to your thighs. I should be helping you, but as usual, I can't stop sucking you into my mouth, my head starting an up and down motion, taking you all the way in, then licking the base of your cock before suctioning my lips around the girth and pulling all the way back up. I fucking love to suck your dick, baby. I don't even know if there is anything hotter than having you moan and wrap your hands in my hair, guiding my movements as your hips start to push your cock deeper inside my mouth, entering my throat as I relax my muscles and let you face fuck me while my left hand finds your soft balls and fondles them and my right hand reaches down to my still dripping pussy, fingering my clit as I think about how much I want you inside of me.

I can't decide what I want more ... to swallow your cum as you fuck my mouth or to feel you squirt inside of my hot, tight pussy. You make the decision for me, though, just like always, as you pull my mouth up off your cock and look me in the eyes and say, "Get on my dick. Put my hard cock inside that tight little pussy and ride me, baby."

I don't ever have to be asked twice. I scoot forward and place my thighs on the outside of yours, sitting down on your rock hard dick, feeling it slide easily into my soaking wet cunt. Oh, my god, baby! You always fill me up so good. I want to go slow, to make it last for you, but I can't help myself. I put my hands on your face, feeling you take my thumb in your mouth and suck it as I arch my back and bounce on your dick, up and down, fast and hard, feeling you deep inside each time my hips meet yours and clenching around your shaft each time I push up and away from you. My titties bounce in your face with each rise and fall of my hips, and I feel so sexy, knowing you love watching them jump for you. 

I can feel myself getting more out of control by the second. My pussy dripping juices down your cock and onto your balls, your hands on my ass, squeezing in rhythm with my bounces, as I start to reach for my orgasm, wanting you to cum with me. I lower my eyes and find yours, my thumb still stroking back and forth across your wet lips, and ask you for what I need. It's your decision, as always. I only want what you want. I only want to make you happy. 

"Will you cum inside me, baby? Please ... will you cum inside my tight pussy, make it yours, fill me up, baby?"

You don't answer, at least not with words, but your hands slide up my back, and wrap over the top of my shoulders, and you take control. Your feet are against the floor, and you use my body for momentum, as you lean back against the couch and push your hips up into mine. Controlling my movements, you slam your cock up into my cunt, over and over, and I scream as I reach my limit, my hands clenching in your hair as you fuck me like I love to be fucked, like my pussy belongs to you alone. I lean down and kiss you, feeling you moan into my mouth as my pussy clenches your dick again and again, and I shake in your arms and feel your cock start to squirt deep inside of me, so good, filling me up with your cum, reminding me who I belong to. 

I feel your hot, sticky cum deep inside of me as I collapse against your chest, your dick still buried in my cunt, our hips still locked together. I press my lips against your sweaty neck as I smile sleepily into your skin and whisper, "Thank you."

I feel your chest rumble under my cheek as you chuckle and press a kiss to my temple. Your hand slides down my back and I gasp when I feel you press your finger against the tight little bud of my asshole as you say, "You're welcome, baby. Get some rest. You're going to need it."