 I was despondent after realizing that Dana would be leaving the company soon. I don't know why the thought hadn't crossed my mind, but I just never thought about the fact that her internship would be over at the end of summer and she would need to go back to school to finish up her degree.

I will admit that I had been an indiscriminate prick since I realized Dana was leaving. I was pissy from the time I woke up until the time I went to bed at night. At home, Renee just chalked it up to stress over my increased work load. She even tried to put out more over the next three weeks, but I turned her down cold. She didn't even give me attitude when I started smoking around the house, right under her nose (well, out in the garage actually). I think she was worried about me losing my job, and didn't want to stress me out any more than I actually was.

I was under a lot of pressure at work, but with Bob, my boss, I blamed it on a cold hearted bitch of a wife. He said his first was like that, and he gave me the room to brood and contemplate, since my work was getting done (actually ahead of time). About the only time I was actually happy was lunchtime. Why you may ask. I had started going out to lunch every day with Dana.

I had asked her if we could spend a little more time together after our afternoon blowjob adventure, so I could get to know her a little better. She laughed and said she thought I just wanted more blowjobs. I kind of did, but it went a little deeper than that. I really wanted to spend time with her, and get to know her better. Of course, I ended up getting a blowjob most of the days we went out to lunch, which was most of the days over that next three weeks. Except of Fridays, when we had our regular afternoon hand job rendez vous. How was I going to make it through my week when she was gone?

The Thursday before her last day, we took a long lunch, and actually didn't even go to eat. She let me know that they were giving her a going away party tomorrow afternoon, and that she wouldn't be able to make our regular Friday date. Most of the office would be coming over to her area for cake and drinks, and she didn't think she'd be able to sneak out. We skipped lunch because she said she wanted to give me a proper send off, and she gave me two blowjobs as a going away present. 

Since I had just come, the second blowjob took a good long time, and I closed my eyes and tried to remember every detail, knowing that would be all there was of our time together. She managed to deep throat me like the girls did in porno movies, and even gave me a surprise by licking my balls before swallowing my second load of cum that afternoon. We drove back to the office in silence, both realizing we were smoking our last cigarette together.

Before we got out of my car to return to work, she pulled me close in a warm embrace. He body started hitching, and I was surprised to find out that she was crying. She kissed me gently on the lips, sobs still overtaking her, salty tears running down her cheeks and moistening our lips and tongues. "I've never met someone who has made me feel like you do, Luke," she said, on the verge of breaking down. "I thought this was just a fun thing, but it has turned into something more." She wiped the tears away from her eyes and hurried out of the car and into the office before I could respond.

That night was particularly bad one in my house. I fought unceasingly with Renee to the point that she retreated to our bedroom in tears. Somehow, that didn't make me as upset as I was about Dana crying. I laid down on the couch for a fitful nights sleep, and actually lit up right there in the living room. I just didn't give a fuck any more.

After barely sleeping, the next day was horrible. I was pretty sure they weren't making Dana do any work, and so I couldn't even catch glimpses of her roaming the halls that day. I knew there was no way that I could go to her party in the emotional stare I was in, so even when the rest of my area headed over for the festivities, I just sat in my office with the door closed and kept plugging away at the reports an projections that weren't even due until the end of next week. Anything to keep my mind busy.

About an hour later, an hour before quitting time, I heard gentle knock on the door. "Yeah, c'mon in." I wondered who else was still working and not at the party, and barely looked up as the door opened. At least until Dana came in, and closed the door behind her. She looked amazing. She had her hair swept up, and she looked classy and sophisticated. Her makeup was done in a manner that I had never seen it done before, adding to her allure. She was wearing a grey professional skirt with a white, sleeveless top, and a pair of professional woman's heels. She looked like she was here for a job interview, not the last day of her internship.

"Wow, you look great," I said, starting to stand up but realizing that an erection had started when I caught a whiff of her perfume and would be clearly visible to Dana.

"Well, I wanted to make a good last impression. I figure, if this is how everyone remembers me, maybe when I graduate I can come back here for a job." She paused with her back against my door, looking around the inside of my office. I hoped it didn't smell, and wondered why I never did anything to personalize it. "Why didn't you come to my party? Didn't you want to say goodbye?" she looked like she was about to cry again.

This time I stood up, fear of embarrassment be damned. "No, Dana, honey, it's not that at all. I've been a wreck these last few weeks thinking about you leaving, and knew if I went to the party I would fall apart and make a fool of myself. Besides," I said, gently nudging her face up so I could look in her eyes, "yesterday was about as perfect of a goodbye as we could have, and that's how I wanted to remember you." I kissed her gently on the lips before adding, "Of course, I didn't realize you would be looking like this today." She smiled and wrapped her arms around my neck and kissed me hard and purposefully. She pressed against me, exerting pressure on my cock as she leaned in. The intensity of her affection pushed me slowly back, and it seemed as if she was attempting to burrow into me. I maneuvered us around my desk, but she kept coming, tongue now in my mouth, hands roaming over my back and across my ass. Bolts of electricity were coming off of every point of contact between our bodies, raising the hairs on my body and pumping me full of energy. She broke our kiss and leaned against my desk.

"Maybe, my leaving doesn't have to be the end of our relationship? Maybe I could still see you from time to time. I want to keep on making you happy. I want to keep sucking your dick, stroking your cock, and making you come. Don't you want that, Luke? Don't you still want me?"

I slumped back into my chair, my eyes roaming over the body of what only a few months ago was a girl, but that stood before me now as a woman. The pointed toe of her foot crossed over her knees, and she sat on my desk with her legs crossed, her eyes boring holes into my brain as she attempted to force my mind to give the answer that she wanted. My mouth was dry, my hands sweaty. My brain swirled in lust and confusion. "Yes," I croaked weakly, "I want to keep on seeing you."

She smiled, but pretended not to hear. "What was that? I couldn't quite make it out."

"Yes, I still want you. I want to be with you. I want you to suck my cock, and swallow my cum. I need you." I attempted to rise to kiss and embrace her, but she uncrossed her legs in a flash and pushed me back down into my chair with her foot.

"Good. Let's start making some more memories." She hopped off the desk and leaned forward onto me, our mouths melting into one. She grabbed my hands and placed them on her breasts as our bodies pressed together, and I could feel her large nipples grow under the touch of my fingers. She gasped as my mouth found her neck, and swept across her throat. I nibbled on her ear, and shuddered when I felt her hands groping for my belt. She kissed me again, and then rose off of me, dropping to her knees in front of me. She hastily took off my belt, and then hurriedly worked my pants off and down around my ankles. She looked up in my eyes and I realized for the first time that she was in love with me. I thought back over our time together and realized that she had always been the one to get me off, and that I had never once reciprocated. She seemed to be ok with that. She was really in love with me.

She gently stroked my cock, rubbing up and down and her palms circled my engorged shaft. She spit on the head, and the let it slowly drip down the length of my shaft. She licked the salty underside of my head, and swirled her tongue in rapid circles around the tender foreskin. Stars were popping before my eyes, and I shifted slightly so that I could pull up her shirt and expose her luscious breasts. I had no lock on my door, and if someone was to walk in right now it would be the end of my career, but I didn't care. All that mattered in the universe right now was me and Dana.

She continued to tantalizing tease me with her tongue. I finally groaned out load, "Please baby put it in your mouth." She giggled as she kissed the head of my cock, and sucked slowly on just the tip. She opened her mouth wide and took about two inches in. She sucked on that for a few seconds and returned to my head. She opened her mouth again, and went down four inches, stopping there to suck for a while. She slid back up, and sucked on the head again. I was squirming and arching my back in the chair. She opened her mouth again, and plunged, getting all six inches of my cock finally into her wet, waiting mouth. The warm, moist sensation overtook me, and I could feel the explosion of an orgasm beginning to roil in the cauldron that was my balls. She slid up to the tip of my cock again, gave it a quick suck, and then plunged back down. She was now slurping wildly, moaning and getting off on the obvious pleasure she was giving me. As her head bobbed up and down, I tried to distract myself with spreadsheets from work in order to make the sensations last longer, but she was not to be denied. She stopped with her face touching my belly, and suck loudly on my entire engorged cock. That was it. As she started to move back up, I erupted, filling her perfect mouth with the treat she was after.

She kept bobbing her head up and down as I came attempting to coax as a big of a load as possible from me. My eyes were closed, but I watched with my mind's eye as she swallowed my essence into her, forever linking us in the act of love. I finished coming, and twitched a few times in my chair in utter ecstasy. She kept my cock in her mouth as it went flaccid, and lovingly licked it clean. She stood up and kissed me on the cheek and said, "I should get back to the party."

She wiped around her mouth as she turned to leave, and without thinking, I sprung into action. My head was clear for the first time in what seemed like forever. I stood up quickly, and grabbed her by the hips, preventing her from leaving. She turned to look at me with a questioning look on her face. I placed my hand in the small of her back and gently applied pressure, pushing her down so that she leaned front side down on my desk. She never broke eye contact as she lowered her body. I saw her flash of panic being replaced by a look of love.

I knelt behind her, and ran my hands up her legs from her ankles to her thighs. As I continued up her thighs, I slowly raised her skirt, finally pushing it up over the roundness of her behind, exposing her thin, black thong. She instinctively spread her legs, and I sat entranced by the vision before me. "What do you want, baby?" she said in a breathless whisper. "What do you want from me?" I knew she would do whatever I wanted.

I hooked my fingers into the band of her underwear before replying, "I just want to make you as happy as you have made me." I slowly, agonizingly slid her panties down, over her ass, down her thighs and calves, until they pooled around her heels. The aroma of her arousal wafted to my nostrils, and I could almost taste how good she was about to be. I licked my lips, and she pressed herself down flatter on my desk, pushing her ass out more and spreading open her tender pussy.

I moved forward, tongue outstretched until I made contact with her sweet lips. She shuddered involuntarily, and I buried my tongue in her waiting hole. I flicked my tongue back and forth, and in her heightened state of arousal, this set off a round of moans. I moved a hand up to her, and softly spread her lips. I moved my tongue forward until it came in contact with her swollen clit. I gently licked in a circle around her clit, causing her legs to shake and another longer moan to escape her lips. I started licking her clit in earnest, flicking my tongue back and forth over her most sensitive part. She reached a hand down to meet mine, spreading herself even further before me. The heady aroma of her arousal flooded my brain, and all I could think of was pleasuring my young lover.

I moved my hands to the mounds of her ass, and massaged them as I licked up and down the length of her pussy. Her fingers worked in short circles on her clit, and I tried to get my tongue as far inside of her as possible. She grew noticeably wetter, and I decided that I wanted to see her eyes. I stood up and turned her around. Our eyes met in mutual lust, and I leaned in kiss her. Her mouth opened before my tongue as her willing pussy just had, and I explored it hungrily. Her hands found their way back to my prick, and she slowly stroked it as she tasted her juices that coated my tongue and lips.

I grabbed her hips again, and lifted her onto my desk. She leaned back, and used her fingers to spread herself wide before me. Her hair, perfectly coiffed when she entered, was now askew. He top was open and her large nipples were pointing skywards. Her proper skirt was hiked up around her waist, and her professional shoes were dangling in the air. I placed two of my fingers in her mouth, and she sucked on them, wetting them for me. I leaned forward to suck on her nipples, loving the feel of her other hand as it ran through my hair, drawing me ever closer to her.

I nibbled on her sensitive nipples which were standing out so far from her breast, and placed my two wetted fingers at the entrance of her slit. She was wet, spread and ready and my fingers easily slid into her. She let out a yell of delight as I entered her, and I moved my free hand over her mouth to silence her. I gently nibbled on the nipple that was in my mouth, causing her to cry out again, albeit muffled this time. She was still rubbing her clit as I fingered her, and between that and my attention to her large nipples, she came in wave of sheer pleasure, soaking my hand and clenching down on my fingers. She thrashed about my desk, knocking over my pencils and actually biting down on my hand that was covering her mouth. Her whole body spasmed, and then fell silent. Her eyes were closed, but could feel mine boring into her, and she opened them and stared at me.

She moved her hand from her pussy, and reached out again for my cock. She grabbed it and pulled it, trying to pull me closer to her. She aimed it at her pussy, but I put my arms on her thighs to steady myself and prevent me from entering her. I couldn't believe I was saying it as the words escaped my lips, but I did say, "Wait. I don't want it to be like this. I want our first time to be special, not a quickie on my desk. Let's not ruin what we have; let's not do this right here, right now. You are worth waiting for."

"But your hard again; I know you want it. You at least need to get of." She was stroking my cock again, and all I could do was shrug. She smiled and started to stand up, rubbing her young and nubile body over mine. She placed both hands on my chest, and moved me back to my chair. I sat down, and she leaned in to kiss me again. She knelt in front of me again and leaned down to rub her breasts over my cock. I watched as she squeezed her breasts together, and wrapped them around my cock. She spit on my cock head, and then saliva spread over her breasts to aid in lubrication.

She slid up and down over my cock, and paused periodically to rub her swollen nipples over the tip of my dick. After a few minutes of her best breastwork, I groaned and came again, shooting my load onto her breasts and chin. She smiled at me again, and scooped my cum off of her skin and into her mouth, savoring every delicious drop. 

"So, does this mean you want to see me again, and put that cock of yours into my pussy?"

"Just because you are leaving doesn't mean we have to stop seeing each other. You're still going to be living in town while you're at school. I don't want to lose you. I think I love you Dana." What had I just said?

Tears filled here eyes, and she crawled up into my lap and started to shower me with kisses. "Oh my god Luke, I love you too." We sat in my chair and cuddled for about a half an hour before she stood up to get dressed. "Let's head out to our spot and have a smoke, ok?" We went out and smoked, said our goodbyes, and then I got in my car and headed home to my wife and daughter, trying to figure out what the hell was going on in my life.