 It is dark when I finally drive into town. No one really knows where I am, and that adds to the excitement. After ten hours, a tank and a half of gas, five cups of coffee and thirteen radio stations, I have reached my destination. Raven Rock, Kentucky. Had I thought this through, I would still be sitting at home. Since I left this morning, I have been driven by the thought that this could be the most memorable weekend of my life. And maybe his.

I woke up before dawn. I hastily threw a few things in my overnight bag - a pair of jeans, a couple of clean shirts, underwear and the necessary toiletries. More important was my choice of clothes for today. I scanned my closet and picked out a few of my favorite outfits. Some I quickly discarded. I wanted to look sexy. . .enticing. . .desirable. Finally, I decided on the short, plum skirt and a simple white blouse. Next, I needed just the right lingerie. I picked out my favorite set, a pure white satin bra and matching hi-cut bikini. Simple but incredibly sexy, I thought. I quickly showered and dressed. Before I walked out the door, I threw the bikini on the bed. I felt sexier being absolutely naked beneath my skirt. Besides, it would save time later.

Joe doesn't know I'm coming. Actually, he's never even told me where he lives. I found basic directions on the Net. He did tell me where he works. Raven Rock Country Club. I found the phone number. The office manager, with a little deception on my part, was sweet enough to give me his address. I've gotten this far. Main Street. Thank God I remembered to bring the map! It should be easy enough to find. I'm pretty sure he said his Toyota is blue. He's expecting me to be online tonight, so I know he'll be home. Won't he be in for a surprise!

About the time I was getting off Interstate 81, I started questioning what I'm doing. Will reality ruin the fantasy? Will he even let me in the door? Just how much do I know about him? I am going on blind trust based on words on a screen. I am also going on the fact that those words on a screen have excited me more than anything in recent memory. I have indulged in self gratification so frequently during the past months that I should buy stock in Energizer.

There it is. It has to be, there is his car. I'm pretty sure he said he lived on the second floor, but which one? I check myself in the rearview mirror. I should have stopped to freshen up. I run a brush through my hair and hope for the best. I get out of the car and practically run to the door, afraid that if I stop now I'll turn around and run back home. Ah, check the mailboxes, it's the one on the left. Knock on the door.

I've seen his picture, but never heard his voice. I know his hair is short, but I don't know how tall he is. Will he recognize me? My hands are shaking and my heart is racing. I am so nervous, I'm not sure I can speak. 

He says nothing. The expression on his face changes from confusion to recognition. He smiles. I remember to breath, and I smile back. "Mandy." He starts to speak, his voice deep and raspy. I put my finger to his lips. "There will be time later for talking." I step inside and close the door.

I don't give him time to react. Instead, I put my hands on his chest and push him against the wall, just inside the door. He understands what I am doing and I see the hunger in his eyes. I kiss him, gently at first. His hands grab my shoulders and he pulls me closer. My hands go to his head, my fingers running through his hair. His tongue finds mine, the heat of his hands burning through my shirt. I am instantly aroused and consumed by the lust built over the past few months. He begins unbuttoning my shirt, slowly, as if to tease me. I reach for the button on his jeans. His arousal is immediately evident. I pull away from him, gasping. I think of the months of sexual cyber torture and I want to explore every inch of the body standing in front of me. Now, however, is not the time.

I unzip his pants, releasing his cock from its constraints. Seeing it, I want to take him, pleasure him in all the ways that I have only been able to dream about. Falling to my knees, I stroke it before running my tongue up and down the full length of it. I can here his breathing coming in short and shallow waves - he is enjoying this as much as I am. I take just the head in my mouth and begin sucking, running my tongue around it as I do so. I begin sucking his rock hard cock in earnest, taking it all in and coming back to just the tip. Back down again, fast and hard. I feel the drops of pre-cum seeping out and I lick them, tasting him as I have in my dreams.

He touches my hair and I stop and look up at him. He eases down to the floor, sitting with his back against the wall. He grabs my hand and pulls me toward him. I straddle him, but pull back. I take my breasts in my hands - caressing them, kneading them. I offer them to him and he takes them. First licking them gently, then sucking the nipples firmly. His hand slides up the inside of my skirt, searching for the flimsy material of my panties. Instead he finds my naked pussy - wet and throbbing for his touch. He looks up at me and grins when he realizes what is missing. He rubs the clit, gently and slowly. Still sucking on my tits. I am so close that I will cum any minute. He slides down so that he is laying on the floor. I move up so that I am now straddling his face. He reaches up and grabs my ass as he plunges his tongue into my pussy. Licking and tongue fucking me at the same time. He sucks the juices from me and I give him more. I want to scream, but I gasp and moan instead. I try to hold back, savoring the moment. It doesn't work. I cum in waves, my juices flowing as fast has he can lick them up.

I don't give myself a chance to recover. I want to feel him inside me. I slide back down until I find his cock, hard and ready for me. I ease myself down until I have taken it all in. I lean over and kiss him, tasting myself on him. I start a slow, steady rhythm and he follows me. We start fucking faster and harder. He grabs my tits, kneading them, rubbing my nipples. We are both breathing heavy, sweat glistening over our bodies. His thrusts get stronger and I sense he is about to cum. I pull myself up, still keeping the rhythm. I need to see his face when he cums. He stops with one last thrust, grabbing my ass and pulling me into him. I feel the rhythmic throbbing of his orgasm as a look of relief washes over his face. 

It's going to be a fantastic weekend, I think to myself.

**to be continued