 Kayla shivered from the cold wind as she walked in the dark with her fingers tucked under her armpits to keep them warm. The light jacket with broken zipper did little to keep her warm, and it rubbed her cold nipples until they started to feel raw.

She kept her head down as she walked to shield her face from the bitter cold.

Her boyfriend Larry had been drinking for two weeks straight. Kayla couldn't take another night of his drunken, babbling verbal abuse.

She could tell it was going to be an instant replay of the last two nights. He was already demanding that she bring him another beer, and telling her that she was worthless, telling her that he should not need to tell her his bottle was empty. Telling her that she needed another lesson on how to give a proper blow job. 

Kayla walked out the front door of their dumpy apartment to smoke a cigarette. Larry sat on the couch watching some stupid reality show about mountain men in Alaska.

Outside, she lit a half smoked cigarette, then walked across the dead grass that covered the small front yard. She stopped and looked both ways then turned her back to the wind and started walking.

Kayla stepped off the broken sidewalk and crossed the road at a stop sign that swayed in the wind. She tucked her chin under her light jacket and headed north on the highway. The farther she walked the more she felt a sense of freedom.

Kayla walked faster and faster until she was almost running. With no place to go, no money and nothing more than the clothes she had on and half a pack of cigarettes.

The wind chilled her thru her clothes. She thought about turning around and going back but she just kept walking.

Nineteen years old, alone and hundreds of miles from her family. Kayla truly felt like her life had just taken a turn for the better. 

She could hear a car approaching from behind in the distance. The car's headlights lit the trees around her. 

She moved to the edge of the road and kept walking with her head down hoping the car wouldn't stop. The thought of some drunk men chasing her thru the woods made her feel even colder.

Paying close attention to the sounds, she could tell the car was slowing down as it got closer. It pulled over and stopped just after it passed her.

Kayla felt nervous, but she kept walking until she was beside the car. The passenger window opened and a voice asked.

"Why are you out walking in this weather?"

She looked in the window to see an older, gray haired man with a big smile. 

"I'm Just walking!" she replied.

He looked at her, with a concerned tone in his voice he said

"You're going to freeze your ass off out there, get in!"

He waved his hand motioning her to hurry as he picked up some stuff from the seat and tossed it in the back. He seemed pleasant enough and she was getting colder just standing there. Kayla opened the door and climbed in. The warm hit her as soon as she shut the door and it felt wonderful.

The silvery, gray haired man put the car in gear and asked as they pulled onto the highway. "Where to sweetheart?" 

Kayla realized she had no destination in mind, no place to go and she hadn't really given it much thought. She was just running away from her life as it was. 

She answered thru chattering teeth. "I dddon't know Sssir, I was just walking away from unhappiness!" 

The older gentlemen was silent for a short time, then he told her. 

"I've been in your shoes myself sweetheart;" "I know the feeling but you're not dressed for the weather and I'm betting you're flat broke too, so what's your story? If I may?" He glanced at Kayla and smiled, Then looking back at the road he waited for her answer. 

Kayla hadn't realized how cold she really was. She sat shivering and hugging herself. 

He seemed sincere in his concern. Kayla started talking and he just listened as he drove. She told him about her boyfriend and how they had ended up in this place. How she lost her job because they couldn't afford to pay rent and fix the car to get to work.

The drinking and verbal abuse and how she had walked out to smoke a cigarette and just kept walking. 

Ahead in the distance, lights of a small town reflected an orange glow off the low clouds. The man said he was going to get something to eat and gas up the car. He asked Kayla if she was hungry and offered to buy her dinner.

She accepted his offer as they pulled into the small town. He gassed up the car than parked in front of a small empty restaurant. 

It made Kayla smile when he offered his hand and said. "My name is Taylor!" they had not introduced themselves but for some reason he felt like an old friend to her.

"I'm Kayla!" she smiled at him and shook his hand.

"Well Kayla, let's get something to eat!" he said as he reached over the seat and pulled a sweater from the back seat. He handed it to Kayla. She slipped the extra large sweater on over her light jacket. The sleeves hung well below her hands.

Inside the restaurant they sat in an old booth with worn out seat cushions. A big woman with a dirty apron and stringy hair took their order. She looked tired and Taylor got the feeling she was also the cook.

He ordered coffee and a hamburger. 

He told Kayla. "Order whatever you want, I'm having coffee because I have another three hour drive to get home."

Kayla ordered the same and asked Taylor where he lived. Taylor started talking now and Kayla just listened as she took a sip of the hot coffee.

She set her cup down and wrinkled her nose.

Taylor laughed and said "This coffee is strong! I think I could spread it on toast!" 

They both laughed.

Taylor was a very soft spoken gentlemen with a funny sense of humor. He made Kayla feel comfortable. 

"A few miles west of Denver." he said. "I lost my wife of twenty four years two years ago. I'm thinking about moving to Santa Fe." he sipped his coffee. "I went there yesterday to look at a house."

He went on to say. "It's so lonely at home now, we never had children and what little family I have left live back east." 

He smiled, looked at Kayla and said. "I guess in a way I'm doing the same thing you are Kayla, just running for my life!"

They both laughed again and quietly finished their meal. Sipping the last of his second cup of coffee he asked. "Kayla; where will you stay tonight?"

"I'm not sure." she replied "Would you mind if I slept in the backseat of your car until morning?"

He smiled and replied. "That's fine if that's what you want to do!" he paid for the meal. They got back in the car and pulled back onto the road. 

Kayla fell asleep not long after and didn't wake up until the car came to a complete stop and Taylor shook her.

"Come inside!" he said "I have extra beds and it's warm in the house." she rubbed her eyes, climbed out of the car and followed him. 

Kayla, half asleep, had no idea where they were. She followed close behind Taylor. She could tell by the smell in the cold air and tall pine trees that his house was in the mountains. It was very nice and very big. Looking around she could tell it had been lived in for many years but had not been cleaned well for some time. It wasn't bad just messy. 

Taylor looked tired from the drive. He showed Kayla to a room that had a queen size bed with lots of pillows and a thick blanket.

He pointed to a bathroom then said. "I'll see you in the morning!"

Kayla said "Thank you!" as he walked away. He just raised his hand, waved and kept walking.

She couldn't remember the last time she had slept so good. She woke up to sun shining thru the window and the sound of a bird chirping outside on the window sill. She put her dirty clothes back on and made her way to the bathroom. She washed her face and realized she didn't even have a toothbrush. 

Her hair was a mess and it hit her that she was in a strange place, no money, nothing. She ran her fingers thru her hair and took a deep breath then walked down the hall hoping to see Taylor. 

She found him on a large wooden deck outside the kitchen. He was sitting at a table sipping coffee and reading the newspaper.

"Good morning!" she said

"Good morning Sunshine!" He replied looking over the top of the paper. He smiled at her messy hair. "There is coffee in the kitchen, help yourself and if you don't mind I could use a refill myself." 

Kayla went back in and began to realize what a beautiful home this really was. Granite countertops and stainless appliances. There was lots of very nice art scattered about.

She found the cups and poured herself some coffee. Sugar and creamer next to the pot so she doctored hers up then went out and topped off Taylor's cup. He smiled and thanked her.

After putting the pot back on it's warmer, Kayla stood looking out the kitchen window admiring the view. Back out on the deck she took a seat at the table and was in awe at the view of the mountains. The kitchen and deck were on the back side of the home, on the second of three levels. It sat at the base of a huge mountain. The view was beautiful from the deck, looking up into a canyon with a small creek meandering its way thru the canyon and under the deck. The soft sound of the water running over the rocks. Not another house or any sign of people was to be seen.

Kayla wanted a cigarette to go with her coffee but felt it may be rude so she didn't.

Taking a deep breath of the cool fresh air, Taylor folded the morning paper and put it down.

"Well." He said. "Do you have a plan?" 

"Not yet!" she replied.

He smiled "Well I've been thinking and you're welcome to stay here for a few days until you decide what you want to do." "Also if you want to make some money you can clean the house for me."

"Are you sure?" She asked. 

He just smiled. "Yes I'm sure! it's nice to have some company. It gets lonesome here alone and I detest housework so you would also be doing me a favor." 

A few minutes later Taylor brought Kayla one of his bathrobes and told her she was welcome to shower and wash her clothes. 

He showed her around the house and told her to make herself at home. 

The shower felt like heaven to her. It was a huge walk in shower with sickly looking plants hanging in it. It was bigger than the whole bathroom she had walked away from. She found shampoo, big fluffy towels, lotion and a hair brush. When she was finished, she had planned to wash her clothes. Thinking twice about it, she wrapped the robe around her naked body and slid her arms into the sleevs. It was way to big and hung off her shoulders. The sleeves hung below her hands and it bunched up around her feet. The terry cloth belt held it snug around her waist but she had to hold the front closed when she walked, because the bottom dragged the floor and it pulled it open from the belt down. She put her clothes in the washer and made her way to the kitchen. 

She found a note next to the coffee pot held down by Taylor's empty cup. 

It read. "Kayla, I went to the store, look around and make us something to eat, won't be long!"

He returned half an hour later with milk, a new toothbrush and toothpaste. His thoughtfulness made her smile.

After a breakfast of scrambled eggs and bacon Kayla picked up the kitchen and did the dishes. She hated dirty dishes. She always had.

The two of them spent most of the day chatting about their lives. They laughed a lot and joked about the unexpected turns in their lives.

That evening they had a couple drinks and chatted by the warm, flickering, rock fireplace. Kayla admired a bronze sculpture on the end table beside the overstuffed leather sofa. It was a nude woman on her knees. She had her head down with long hair that covered her face and breasts. It was beautiful. She couldn't decide if it looked sad or erotic.

Around 10:00 pm Taylor said he was going to bed. 

Kayla sat quietly staring into the flickering flames until she finished her drink. 

On her way to bed she passed the closed door to Taylor's bedroom. 

She heard unusual noises so she paused at his door to listen if he was okay. 

It sounded to her like Maybe he was masterbating. Kayla felt a tingle as she stood there listening. She heard a slight squeaking like his bed was rocking in a rhythm. 

Kayla went to bed but laid there for a long time thinking about it. Thoughts began to run thru her head. Was he lonesome and fantasizing about fucking me? I wish he was fucking me! Thoughts of him masterbating made Kayla horny. He was thirty plus years older than her but it didn't seem to matter. She found herself getting wet thinking about him stroking his cock. She reached down between her legs and played little circles around her clit.

She wanted to go crawl into bed with him. She wondered if he would ask her to leave if she did. She drifted off to sleep with her hand between her legs.

The next morning Kayla laid in the warm bed, taking her time waking up. She thought about Taylor and how horny she was last night from wondering if he was stroking his cock and fantasizing about fucking her. She felt a tingle in her clit

She just laid there thinking about him. She felt a warm, wetness between her lips. The tingle spread into her stomach. She reached between her legs and rubbed herself as she humped at her hand. She needed to feel something inside her. Her fantasies began to run wild. She was feeling dirty and it felt good. She thought about Taylor pulling her hair with his cock down her throat. 

Kayla made herself stop and get up. 

She showered and walked out on the deck with nothing on but the robe. Taylor was reading his paper. 

Kayla topped off his cup for him. 

He thanked her, folded his paper and put it down.

She could tell he was looking at her as she sat in the chair with her knees bent and feet up under her butt. She felt a tingle in her pussy again as she sat looking at the incredible view of the mountains. She could not stop thinking about him.

She had not had sex in two weeks with the unpleasant exception of giving Larry blow jobs. She wondered again if Taylor had been fantasizing about fucking her while he masterbated last night. Kayla smiled to herself and decided to tease him a little. 

She leaned back in the chair, closed her eyes and relaxed feeling the warm morning sun shining on her face. The long robe covered her and draped down over her legs. She drew a deep breath then exhaled. Relaxing and just feeling the warm sun. Kayla slowly let her knees fall to the sides just a little as she listened to birds chirping in the trees. She could tell by the cool air on her legs that the robe was open just a little and if Taylor stood up he could look over the edge of the table and possibly see her thighs, maybe a little more. 

She kept her eyes closed feeling the sun on her face and now could feel the sun shining on part of her thigh. Kayla just stayed like that and felt like drifting off to sleep. She really wanted to open her legs wider and feel the warm sun on her upper thighs.

She heard his chair move as he got up, she wondered if he stole a look. "More coffee?" He asked

"Yes please!" Kayla opened her eyes, put her feet down and set up, trying to make herself stop thinking about how horny she was.

When he returned with the pot she noticed a bit of a bulge under his robe. She wondered if Taylor had a hardon. 

Does he want me like I want him? She wondered. He filled their cups then sat back down. 

She couldn't help herself, she wanted him. He made her tingle. She wanted to suck his cock. She had thoughts of him on top of her holding her bent with her legs high, driving his cock into her.

She thought that he probably had not had any in two years. 

She smiled to herself. Kayla just said fuck it, if it goes wrong it goes wrong.

Looking at him across the table, she asked. 

"Taylor?" 

"Yes?" He answered

"I want you!" she said as she smiled at him.

"What do you mean you want me?" 

Kayla just smiled and whispered across the table. "I'm horny, I haven't had any loving in a long time!"

He grinned, looking into her blue eyes but didn't say anything.

Kayla stood up.

Taylor watched her as she slowly loosened the terry cloth belt on her robe, then facing him with her back to the mountains Kayla slowly pulled the robe open and stood still in front of him. Her heart pounded in her chest as she watched him take in the view of her young 135 pound body. Her long blond hair still wet hung in strings. She could feel her small nipples getting hard from the cool air.

Taylor looked at her slender body. Her hips were round and her waist was small. Her long legs were perfect. He spent a little extra time looking at the hair between her legs. He noticed that her labia was puffier than most. The hair looked fine, soft and silky.

His gaze slowly moved up to her belly button, then her firm looking breasts with small dark nipples that pointed slightly upward.

His eyes moved up to her long neck, then her smiling lips with perfect white teeth. He wanted to kiss her, to taste the sweetness. 

He looked into her sky blue eyes searching his mind for something to say. 

She could feel her pussy getting tingly as she just stood there letting him visually inspect her naked body from top to bottom. She couldn't tell what he was thinking.

She wondered if he would reject her and ask her to leave. She began to feel like she had made a big mistake.

His eyes moved back to her breasts. Then looking back to her eyes.

"It's been such a long time since I've seen a woman so young and so beautiful! Please don't move!"

Kayla stood motionless, her heart pounding, waiting for him to say something else. He scanned up and down her like he was looking at a very rare piece of art, like he was taking in every brush stroke of a fine painting.

Finally he spoke. "My God!, you're gorgeous!" 

"Why would you want an old man like me when you could have any man you want?" 

Kayla smiled. In a soft, sincere voice she replied.

"Because your kind and I find you very handsome!" she took a deep breath. "You make me horny! I've never been with an older man, only a couple of young guys that were immature and inconsiderate." "You make me feel different, you make me feel safe!"

She stood in front of him, still holding her robe open as he had requested. 

"I don't want to embarrass you Taylor" she paused. "but last night I thought I could hear you masterbating and it made me horny. I woke up horny wondering if you were, and if you were thinking about fucking me while you masterbated." 

Taylor looked a bit embarrassed but he grinned and admitted that he had masterbated. Then he added. "And yes Kayla; I was fantasizing about fucking you!"

He went on, now looking into her eyes.

"Kayla; I enjoy your company very much and yes, I want to fuck you! I want to fuck you like I own you, I want to make love to you, I want to play games with you, I want it all with you, but you're so much younger than I am. I don't think it would work out for us!"

Kayla smiled and reassured him. "it's just numbers, we can just tell people I'm your niece if it will make you feel better." she pulled her robe open a little more. In a soft, almost begging whisper she said.

"fuck me like you own me!" as if anyone could hear. 

Taylor held out his hand, motioning for her to step closer. Kayla let the robe fall closed as she stepped beside him. 

They searched each others eyes. He watched her eyes move to his lips. He slipped his hand inside her robe and around her waist pulling her closer. Standing beside him, he parted her robe, leaned close and kissed between her breasts. He drew a deep breath thru his nostrils smelling her as he kissed under her breasts, caressing them with his face.

Kayla bent and kissed his forehead. She felt his hand on the inside of her leg. It slowly slid it up until it stopped at the crease between her leg and labia. He kissed the underside of her breasts. His hand moved up and cupped her mound. 
