 Chapter III Painted Whores

Beverley didn't yet feel confident enough to hand in her notice at the library; she wanted to be certain that she could earn enough money selling her body as a prostitute on a regular basis. Dorothy had been fascinated and impressed by her encounter with the businessmen at a hotel and wanted to know all the details. But what interested Dorothy more than anything else was Beverley's holiday liaison with the magnificently endowed Marty. Finally, after much prompting from Dorothy, Beverley emailed Marty to remind him he hadn't yet sent the promised holiday photos. Her message was extremely discreet as she didn't know exactly who had access to his emails.

When Marty replied he was equally discreet and only sent what could be described as the soft porn images even though Beverley knew that, at Graham's insistence he had taken some extremely hard core photos of them all. When Beverley replied she appealed to his male vanity and told him she had a friend who would like to see a nice big photo of him. This time Marty got the message and emailed a full length photo of himself showing off his nine inch erection. He appended a comment that he was thinking of Beverley when he took the self portrait. Dorothy was very impressed and fascinated by the thought of having such a substantial piece of male meat up inside her and insisted on having a copy of the photo sent to her computer. 

Back at work Beverley was contacted by Anthony Wallace who had previously been Artist in Residence at the library but was now working in London. He told her that he was involved in a body painting project which was to form part of a photographic exhibition in Toronto later in the year. He was in need of nude models to paint his designs on and then to photograph them for the exhibition. Would Beverley and Dorothy be prepared to have their bodies painted by him? The complex painting patterns would ensure their total anonymity unless people looked very closely indeed. He emailed some photos of his previous work to give them some idea of what was involved. The two girls discussed it and decided to take part. Tony suggested that they come up to London at his expense on Friday night and stay at his loft apartment so that painting could commence early the following morning. To ensure that their bodies were truly blank canvases they both undertook rather painful depilation treatment on their pubic areas. 

Returning later to Brian's flat, Dorothy was quite taken with the totally naked appearance of her genitalia and walked around the flat taking every opportunity to look at her reflection in the mirrors. She had never previously been subject to depilation and she had found it very erotic and stimulating. The girls took photos of each other and then looked at the enlarged images on Beverley's computer. Naturally they also took the opportunity to study the magnificent photo of Marty displaying his nine inch cock. Beverley and Dorothy were still both naked and feeling sexually aroused. They began to finger each other and soon Dorothy was lying on her back with her legs wide open, writhing with pleasure as Beverley performed cunnilingus on her newly bared cunt.

Dorothy really enjoyed cunnilingus, indeed it was the main sexual stimulus that her husband provided on account of his impotence. Curiously she had never provided oral services herself for either a man or a woman but now she felt the urge to return the favour for Beverley. Afterwards, when they were both lying satiated side by side on the bed, Dorothy finally confessed about her adulterous behaviour with Graham at the barbecue in the summer.

Beverley accepted Dorothy's confession without rancour; any other reaction would have been hypocritical in view of her own subsequent sexually exuberant behaviour. She had a huge amount of sympathy for Dorothy. The idea of not having a man lusting after her body and consequently wanting to fuck her was anathema to Beverley. She resolved to find Dorothy a regular lover.

On Friday evening they travelled up to London where they were met by Tony who drove them straight to his accommodation. This was one weekend where no decisions were required about what to wear as they would spend most of the time naked. Over drinks in the local pub Tony told them something about the techniques of body painting and warned them that they would have to spend quite a lot of time standing up and exercise extreme care to avoid accidently damaging his artwork. A photographer friend would be coming along to help with the painting as well as taking the photographs.

Back at the apartment the girls were intrigued when they were shown to a bedroom which contained two large double beds, a free standing double bath and a shower large enough to accommodate a five a side soccer team. Clearly privacy was not considered a priority by whoever had designed the room; the four of them would be sharing one bedroom. The only unresolved question was exactly who would be sleeping with whom. 

When they returned to the living room they discovered that the photographer had arrived and that his name was Malcolm. Over a nightcap Beverley broached the question of the sleeping arrangements. After a short pause during which the two men exchanged glances Tony began to explain. 



'Tomorrow we will be spending several hours painting your naked bodies in an extremely intimate way and unless we fuck you both tonight and again when wake up in the morning, we will be quite unable to concentrate on our work '

'Well, that's an original chat up line,' Beverley remarked.

'Yes it is,' Dorothy interjected, 'but we wouldn't want to be responsible for inferior artwork would we Beverley?'

'Dorothy, can I speak to you in the bedroom,' Beverley replied cryptically.

When they were alone together Beverley expressed her annoyance at the way they had apparently been conned into a weekend of sex with a bit of body painting on the side. Dorothy had quite another agenda; she hadn't had a man since Graham had fucked her at the barbeque nearly six months ago and she was desperate to end her enforced celibacy. Beverley pointed out that two men had paid her £600 for two hours of sex the previous week and that the equivalent rate for having both of them for the whole weekend would run to several thousand pounds. Then the two girls had a serious falling out during which Dorothy said that Beverley, in addition to being a whore and a greedy slut, was also a complete bitch. The outcome was that Beverley rang for a taxi and, despite protestations from the two men, took herself off to the railway station to catch a late train home. 

After she had gone the three remaining members of the party had another nightcap followed by a third. Dorothy looked hazily at the two men. 

'Well guys, I don't know if you still want to paint me but I sure as hell would like you both to fuck me!'

That night Dorothy's long sexual drought came to an abrupt end as Tony and Malcolm fucked her repeatedly. The following morning she awoke to find Tony on top of her continuing where he had left off in the early hours of the morning with Malcolm soon following suit.

****

When Beverley woke on Saturday morning, she immediately regretted her petulant argument with Dorothy. She was well aware she was a whore and a slut, that after all was now her business, but that was no reason to behave like a complete bitch to everyone, particularly Dorothy who had been so helpful to her on her return from Spain. On the telephone to Tony she apologised and agreed to return to London immediately.

****

After breakfast Dorothy presented herself naked in the studio. She was glad to hear that Beverley would be returning. Using a mixture of spray paints and delicate brush work Tony transformed her body into an impressive melange of exotic colours and shapes. Dorothy found it highly stimulating to have a complete stranger examining her body in intimate detail while he painted her genitalia and breasts and found it quite beyond her control to stop her vagina opening up and showing its juicy pink interior.

After some hasty phone calls, Malcolm had managed to round up two students willing to have their bodies painted in return for a modest fee. After the previous nights disaster the men made no attempt to seduce the young students and just concentrated on decorating their bodies with bright colours.

Beverley arrived back at the studio about midday and immediately shed her clothes in the bedroom before walking into the studio. She was astonished by the exotic sight that greeted her and barely recognised Dorothy inside her cocoon of brightly coloured paints. Tony sternly forbade her to have a reconciliatory hug with Dorothy on account of the damage it would do to his artwork. Beverley watched with fascination as the two men continued with their work. 

Then it was her turn. Rather prosaically Tony gave her a pair health and safety glasses to protect her eyes before spraying her entire body pale green. To speed up the drying process, one of the students wafted a hair drier over her entire body. Now the two artists began the detail painting. Malcolm concentrated on painting her breasts while Tony knelt down in front of her and painted exotic elaborate pattern on her genitalia. Soon most of her body was covered in multi-coloured patterns. When she looked in a full length mirror she could barely recognise herself. She had been turned into an abstract erotic work of art.

After a long day of body painting and photography everyone was glad to return to the bedroom to wash off the paint. Dorothy and Beverley plunged into the large bath while the two students headed for the shower. The two men removed their clothes and followed the mildly surprised students into the shower and began to assist them in washing off the paint. Soon the washing turned to sexual fondling and through the steam, Beverley and Dorothy watched in fascination as the fondling changed to full sexual intercourse.

'I had a wonderful time last night and early this morning,' Dorothy remarked with a grin. 'Six months without a man and then those two hunks taking it in turn to fuck me all night long, I felt like a virginal bride on her wedding night.'

'Oh I'm so glad you had some fun and I'm sorry I was such a bitch,' Beverley answered. 'But at least you had their undivided attention while I was away.'

'Looks like those two young girls have their undivided attention now,' Dorothy remarked ruefully.

'I bet they can't suck cock like I can,' Beverley replied.

'Oh my God!' Dorothy exclaimed, 'I haven't got to do that have I?'

'There's nothing to it,' Beverley replied. When you sense the guy is going to 'come' just manoeuvre his cock so his ejaculation doesn't hit the back of your throat. Otherwise you'll gag and destroy the guy's illusion that you like nothing better than swallowing down a big mouthful of his cum.'

'I'm not swallowing,' Dorothy said firmly. 'I'm definitely not swallowing.'

'That's OK, but when he's finished, open your mouth so he can see his stuff then scoop it out with your tongue so that it trickles down your face; men love that.' 

'My God,' Dorothy said admiringly, 'your really are a whore and a slut aren't you.'

****

Sometime later when everybody was scrubbed up and clean and the men and the students had finished fucking they went down to the local pub for a few drinks and something to eat. Malcolm had produced a set of proof prints for them all to look at. After a couple of hours the students were sent on their way with £80 each while the rest of the party returned to the loft apartment. 

The atmosphere was a great deal more relaxed than it had been the previous evening. After a couple of nightcaps the foursome retired to the bedroom. Beverley broke the ice by immediately stripping naked; the other three soon followed. 

'As I was such a bitch last night, by way of apology, I'm going to suck cock tonight.' Beverley announced. 'And then I'm going to watch TV while you fuck Dorothy's brains out.'

Dorothy watched with a mixture of squeamishness and fascination as Beverley proceeded to carry out fellatio on the two men exactly as she had described it earlier.

Beverley slept alone on the divan bed in the studio that night. I was her way of retaining her integrity as a prostitute. She didn't give freebies to complete strangers.

****

Arriving home on Sunday afternoon, Beverley switched on her computer to check her emails. There was one from Marty giving the news that he would soon be passing through the UK on a themed holiday concerned with spying and encryption. The tour party would be having an overnight stop in Cambridge; could they perhaps arrange to meet there? Beverley immediately replied signifying her agreement and asked Marty to firm up on dates as soon as possible.

There was also an email from an organisation called 'Perfect Geeks'. Beverley had seen their advertisements in the local paper in which they offered to design websites for small businesses. Without telling them what her business was she had asked them to send her details of their services with a scale of charges. If she was going to expand her business she needed a website.

To be continued



2300 words