 I leaned back in my chair, taking in the view from the seventh floor. Through the glass barrier, the beach was in full view; the golden sand fading into the bright turquoise ocean which stretched out to the horizon, the extravagant homes in amongst the deep green trees crawling over the mountain on the other side of the bay, the windows of the buildings in town glinting in the sun between pillars of white stone. The top floor of the luxury hotel offered a perfect view of this Mediterranean paradise and, after spending the first morning of my trip grinding out a hard session in the hotel gym, I was certainly getting my money's worth in relaxation by unwinding on the private balcony.

I smiled as I enjoyed the scene, lazily running my fingers through the loose, platinum blonde curls of the beautiful woman whose head was bobbing up and down in my lap. I gave a soft sigh of pleasure as she punctuated her skilful sucking with a swirl of her hot, wet tongue. I looked down, admiring her as I enjoyed her efforts. At 20 and 5'2, Hannah was a sight for sore eyes; big blue eyes, button nose and enticingly full lips (clearly benefiting from fillers), her little tanned frame a perfect hourglass with thick thighs, a tiny waist and deliciously fake tits - DDs, I would guess, with gravity-defying perkiness and lovely, firm, pink nipples. And there, visible over her shoulder in her feline position on all fours, pushed up by her arched back and swaying slowly from side to side, was the ass that had been a constant, spandex-clad distraction this morning in the gym. Perfectly round and juicy, nice and tight but with a pleasant bounce; peeling her yoga pants off her flawless bubble butt had been the highlight of my vacation so far. I gazed at it now, naked and glistening with oil in the afternoon sun, a little glimpse of juicy, pink pussy just barely visible in the reflection of her body in the glass balcony wall. Today was my lucky day.

Presently, Hannah dragged her artificially plump lips right to the end of my cock, using them to expertly massage my tip, her hot, pink tongue twirling sensuously around it, her big, bright eyes gazing up at me as rivulets of thick, warm saliva trailed down my long, thick shaft. A soft moan escaped my lips as she slowly slid my dick back into her mouth, resuming her steady rhythm, bobbing on my pole, taking maybe 5 of my 8 inches with each exquisite suck. She rested her soft hands palms-down on my thighs as she pleasured me, her tongue flattened against the underside of my shaft, slowly wiggling from side to side as she allowed things to grow progressively noisier and messier. My balls dripped with spit as she slurped pornographically on my cock, producing more and more saliva as she teased her throat with my tip, her eyes watering just a little as she looked up at me. 

 

I was as impressed with the blowjob as I was with her unbelievable body. There was a wonderful jiggle to her huge boobs as she moved, the inviting winding of her hips showing off her round booty, her gorgeous face staring up at me. Her fat, glossy lips were soaked with saliva, relaxed to allow them to remain as plump and soft as possible as they slid down my hard, smooth shaft and slid back up, over and over. I groaned with pleasure, my toes involuntarily curling as she closed her eyes and slid another couple of inches into her tight little throat. She struggled, wiggling her head from side to side, taking my balls in one hand and massaging them, gently tugging as she tried to force more of my dick into her mouth. Eventually, with a loud, high-pitched gasp, she slid back, releasing an explosive waterfall of saliva over my cock and balls, long strings of spit connecting my tip to her juicy lips. She giggled, digging her teeth into her lower lip as she caught her breath. 

Not to be defeated, she came back with renewed determination, over and over again cramming my cock into her mouth, struggling to fit the entire thing in. I moaned and groaned from the intensely pleasurable sensation of her vice-tight throat wrapped around me and her hot, wet saliva dripping over me. Finally, with an almighty push, she managed to squash her fat lips up against the base of my dick, her tongue squeezing out to lick my balls while my entire cock was inside her throat. I gasped at the unbelievable feeling as she wiggled her head from side to side, creating extra friction on my sensitive cockhead buried deep inside. I held her head in place for a moment, moving my hips, grinding my cock into her throat, moaning loudly as I felt the pleasure overtake me. I grimaced, biting my lip as the first thick shot of cum spilled into the hot throat wrapped around my cock. 

Hannah tapped urgently on my thigh and I released, allowing her to slide back, gasping as if she were drowning, her open mouth immediately being filled by my second spurt of cum. She quickly gulped it down as the third wave shot out with tremendous force, spraying well above Hannah and over the edge of the balcony in a triumphant white arc, raining down on the beach below as I continued to stroke my cock, painting the beautiful girl on her knees before me with my load. She moaned enthusiastically, her tongue out and her eyes closed, posing for me as cum splashed all over her pretty face. Finally, countless ball-clenching spurts later, I collapsed breathlessly back in my chair, admiring the sight of her as she sat back on her heels, giggling playfully, gathering a streak of cum from her cheek on her finger and slowly licking it clean.

After a few blissful moments, Hannah hopped up with a bright smile and wiggled her way back into my suite to get cleaned up. I smiled, watching the alluring bounce of her perfect round ass as she walked, a few stray drops of cum decorating each luscious cheek. My cock was already starting to stir as I considered whether I should fuck her on the bed or the couch first.

It was shaping up to be an excellent vacation...