 Things had gone from bad to worse that week. I'd lost my job on Monday and by Friday, my girlfriend had thrown me out. I'd been staying with a buddy but that couldn't last long. I'd stopped by my ex girlfriend's place and picked up the last of my stuff. On the way I passed Renegades, the country bar around the corner from her house.

I'd passed it a thousand times but had never been in the place. I'd heard there were always a lot of hot girls there, so I decided to check it out. Hot women and cold beer sounded like a winning combination.

It was early on a Sunday night, so it was a little slow at first, but things picked up quickly. By nine o'clock it was crowded, and the things I'd heard about the women were true. The place was loaded with fine looking country girls. Most of them in tight blue jeans and a few in cowboy hats. Most of the were friendly too. I spoke to a few and even the ones that shot me down were polite.

Then there was one that caught my eye from across the room. She was standing at the bar when I first saw her. It was her hair that caught my eye first. Strawberry blonde, the same color as Annie's. Annie, the girl that robbed me of my virtue at such a tender age; the girl that taught me about love so long ago.

Then my gaze flowed down her back to the most beautiful ass I've ever seen. Firm and round; strong. The ass of a real woman. And a great pair of strong athletic legs, wrapped tight in faded denim. As my eyes drifted back up her legs, she turned. My eyes locked for a second at the crease where her gorgeous legs met. I raised my eyes a bit more to be greeted by the a pair of the most beautiful breasts . Her blouse was open several buttons, revealing just enough cleavage to drive a guy crazy. It was obvious that this woman had all the right equipment and knew how to use it.

I raised my eyes up to her face. We made eye contact and she smiled at me. The way the light struck her eyes, I could see from across the room that they were green. They shown like emeralds. There was something about that smile. I thought she winked at me , but I'm not sure. I had to talk to her. I made my way to where she stood, but by the time I go the bar, she'd disappeared into the crowd.

I ordered another beer and asked the bartender about her. He told me they called her Star. Just then I spotted her again. And just as before, she'd disappeared before I could get to her. This went on for almost an hour. Until we both just happened to approach the bar at the same time. We nearly ran into each other. She smiled that smile at me again and I was tongue tied.

"I'm Drew," I finally managed to say.

"And I'm Star," she replied.

"Yeah, I know."

"You know?"

"He told me." I said, nodding toward the bartender.

"Oh, Billy told you, eh?" she said and then stuck her tongue out at Billy. "What else did Billy tell ya?"

"Just that they call you Star. Is there more I should know?"

"Is there more you want to know?"

Billy set us up with a couple Lone Star beers and I said, "Sure, I want to know everything; everything there is to know about you, Star."

Star looked at Billy, ordered two more beers and said, " I don't think he knows what he's in for, does he?" Billy put the beers on the bar and walked away laughing and shaking his head. There were a lot of wannabe cowgirls in Renegades that night, but it was obvious that Star was not one of them. She was the real deal all right; as real as a summer's day is long.

Star dragged me to a corner booth, and by the time we'd finished our first beer, had told me her life story, in three hundred words or less. I felt like I had known her my whole life.

"Your turn," she said. We started our second beers, and I told Star the story of my life in less than two hundred words. It was if we were life long friends.

I'd told Star all about losing my job and all about my breakup. Before the night was over she'd offered me a job and a place to stay. She owned a ranch in Loxahatchee She raised horses. I told her I didn't know much about horses and she said that didn't matter. She said she had another guy that worked for her, Joe, and he could teach me a lot. A twinkle came to her eye when she said it, and the corners of her lips turned up in a sly smile. Oh, those gorgeous lips. I didn't think much more about it. Her eyes flashed and sparkled a lot as she spoke. And it wasn't the first time I'd seen that wicked little grin of hers that night. It was as if some dirty little thought had crossed her mind. I could only hope she was thinking what I was thinking.

"Well hun,' she said, "we really need to get goin'. Five AM comes awfully early. Some of us have to work for a livin', don't we?"

I followed her out to her ranch. The guest house wasn't ready so Star told me I could stay in a guest room in the main house. That was just what I wanted to hear. We walked in and I followed her up the stairs. That beautiful ass of hers was right at eye level. Swinging back and forth. She was driving me insane. Star was the sexiest woman I'd ever seen. She was naturally sexy. She didn't have to try.

She showed me to a small room, turned on the light and waved her hand out to present the room. I looked at the room and then back at Star. It seemed like time stood still as we gazed into each others eyes. I thought for a second I was hypnotized. I thought I heard her saying something without moving her lips. I couldn't make out what it was she was saying, but I liked the sound of it. It sounded very sexy. Everything about Star was sexy.

Just as natural as could be, I reached out and wrapped my arm around Star's waist and pulled her to me. Our faces moved closer and a little sigh escaped her lips just before mine were pressed against them. Her lips were plump and soft. I kissed first the top lip, then the bottom. She parted them slightly and let my tongue slip into her warm mouth. My tongue found hers and they danced. Twisting and writhing in our mouths. We kissed as if were long lost lovers, who hadn't seen each other in years. There was an urgency to it; as if we needed to make up for lost time. My hand glided down her back to that marvelous ass of hers. Her jeans were so tight that my hand slid smoothly across it, cupping the cheek of her ass.

I pulled Star into the room and to the bed. I lowered her gently and she raised her right foot to me. I straddled her leg with my back to her and pulled off her boot. She lifted her left foot and I pulled that boot off. When I turned to face her, she'd unbuttoned her blouse and her jeans. I took hold of her jeans, she raised her hips and she wiggled out of them as I tugged. She slithered out of her blouse and liberated herself from her bra.

There on the bed before me was the most magnificent woman I had ever seen. Her face and neck were tan, from working outdoors, but the rest of her skin seemed so fair and delicate. A smooth, soft supple covering for a firm , muscular frame. The body of a Greek goddess: almost Reubinesque, yet strong and curvy; with those gorgeous breasts. Smooth globes of creamy flesh, with those luscious looking pink nipples, and still round and firm on such a gorgeous, mature frame. At that moment, all the women I'd slept with, just seemed little scrawny little girls; vague memories from a distant past. It seemed that for the first time in my life, I was in the presence of a real woman.

I tore my shirt off and threw it aside. I kicked off my shoes and slid my pants off. I stood there naked in front of her; my heart racing and my hard cock throbbing. She looked me over and gave that wicked little smile. I rested my knee on the bed, between her knees. I placed my hands on the mattress and suspended my self over her. I lowered myself slowly as she reached up, curling her left hand behind my neck as her right hand slid around to my ass.

Star drew me to her. As soon as our lips met our tongues were entwined. The urgency was still roiling within us. She was caressing the cheek of my ass as she pulled me down to her. Her nipples hardened as they made contact with my bare, sweaty chest. I lowered myself a little more and felt her breasts give under my weight, spreading out beneath me. She tightened her grip on my ass, digging her fingernails into my flesh, as she pulled me down. The head of my cock met with the wet fabric of her panties. I could feel the heat from her pussy.

I kissed her again; deep soulful kisses. It was as if she was communicating through her kisses and her body. She was offering herself to me and letting me know there would be price to pay as well. I would gladly have paid any price to have that gorgeous woman.

We moved up onto the bed and Star slid out of her panties. I looked down at her neatly trimmed pussy and saw it glisten in the pale light. I slid my hand up the creamy flesh of her inner thigh. Goose bumps rose all over her and she trembled, ever so slightly. My hand reached her forbidden treasure and felt the heat rising. I gently placed my hand against her hot, dripping pussy and slid my finger along her slit. Her juices began to flow even more as I slid up toward her clit. She squirmed a little and sighed.

I slid my lips across Star's cheek to her earlobe, gently nibbling. I chewed and nibbled my way down her neck; down to her shoulder. I kissed across her collar bone. Every inch of that woman was sexy. My lips trailed down to her breast. I had never had such a buxom woman. I kissed around her breast in circles, moving closer and closer to the center; closer to her pink aureola and firm, thick nipple. I swirled my tongue around her nipple, flicked it before I sucked it into my mouth.

I wrapped my hand around her breast. It filled my hand perfectly. I squeezed her breast as I sucked her nipple, sucking with lust and thirst; wishing that I could taste her milk. A tiny, wicked chuckle escaped her lips. I knew she had read my mind. She placed her hand on my head. It felt comforting and motherly. She ran her fingers through my hair and I shivered.

Just then my finger slid into Star's pussy, touching her clit. She squirmed again. I teased her clit with my fingertip. She began to writhe and wiggle. She moaned and grabbed the hair of my head. I plunged my finger deep into that hot, wet pussy and swirled it around, exploring the delicate folds inside her. She moved me to her other breast. I sucked for Star's milk as I fingered her pussy. She was moaning louder as she twisted and turned on the bed.

I kissed Star's stomach and moved my lips down her body, knowing it was what she wanted. I wanted it as much as she did. She guided my head down, gripping my hair. I could smell her arousal. I breathed deep, inhaling the aroma of Star's essence. Deep and musky, with a hint of her sweat. I slid my head between her thighs and licked at her pussy, tasting her funky love juices. I was hungry for her. I couldn't get enough.

I licked down as far as I could reach and Star raised her hips , allowing me to lick even farther down; down to her ass, to get all those juices. She moaned long and loud as I moved my mouth up to her twat. Star's juices flowed as I sucked her hot cunt. I had never before had such a juicy pussy. I dug my tongue in to that twat, licking every fold.

"Oh, yes!" Star screamed, "Eat my pussy!" She clamped my head between her thighs. I could barely hear her screams. I couldn't breath. I was suffocating. I tried to cry out but could only manage a muffled murmur. I was sure I was going to die. I was going to die with my face in the most delicious pussy I had ever tasted; between the thighs of the most gorgeous woman ever. What a way to go.

I was able to get my mouth on her clit; lips, tongue, then teeth. I got that clit between my teeth and bore down. I wanted to eat that thing. I bit down on Star's clit harder and she screamed. She opened her thighs and I heard her screaming, "Oh yes! Yes baby!" I drew in a deep breath just as she grabbed my hair again and pulled my head up.

I struggled to catch my breath when I looked up at Star, with what had to be terrified, panicked expression on my face. She looked at me, her green eyes flashing; an evil grin on her lips, chuckling softly, her fingers still tangled in my hair. Her laugh was frightening and the most erotic sound I'd ever heard at the same time. It had the oddest effect on me. I shuddered. My balls tightened and I wanted to cum. I fought to hold back my orgasm. I could tell she knew what I was going through and she was loving it. She had the most deliciously wicked smile on her face. I wasn't sure if I was more afraid or turned on. Our eyes locked. I was still fighting back my orgasm and her face softened, letting me know there was nothing to fear.

"Fuck me," Star said. It was an order, and I obeyed. I crawled up between her legs as she spread them wider. She guided my hard throbbing cock into her sweltering, creamy pussy. I felt the heat as I entered her. I thought my cock would get scalded, it was so hot. I lowered my body down to hers and her entire body was feverishly hot. She grabbed both cheeks of my ass, dug her nails in and pulled me all the way into her. "Fuck me!" she barked. I pulled my cock back and thrust it deep inside her. I felt her pussy tighten on my cock as I pulled back and trusted again and again. She was squeezing my cock with the Kegel muscles of her pussy, milking it.

Star wrapped her legs around my waist and began to buck. Thrusting her cunt up to me as I rammed my cock into her. I felt the heat from her sultry body transfer into me; from her scalding twat through my cock.: through her skin into mine. I felt my temperature rise. My body was filled once more with the sensation I got from Star's laughter. A blend of fear and excitement mingled with the heat and filled every portion of me. A surge of what felt like electricity coursed over my entire body. I nearly lost all control. I left this world for a second. I was brought back to reality by a jolt of electrically charged, white hot cum erupting from deep in my loins into the very depths of Star's glorious pussy.

The intensity of my eruption was nearly equaled by the volume. I hadn't had sex in weeks before that, and had even gotten bored with masturbating. My balls were exploding. Blasting shot after shot of my cum so very deep into Star. That electrical charge and all that heat traveled with my cum, back into her.

Once I became aware of where I was, Star bit my shoulder, and dug her nails deeper into the soft flesh of my ass. I let go with a shot of cum that I didn't know I had in me. It came from somewhere deep, deep in me. She was still milking my cock with that magical pussy of hers. I was sure she'd drain every ounce of cum I could have produced for the next week.

My intense orgasm, combined with the exquisite pain of Star's teeth, sinking into my shoulder, and her nails digging into my ass, brought me to a brink. I tottered there, between pleasure and pain, letting the last of my seed seep into her.

I knew there was more than just a physical tie between us. It was chemical, electrical, physical, metaphysical, spiritual and religious. She put a spell on me. It seemed that a part of me was draining into Star.

Through the haze in my head, I heard Star's voice, whispering, "I still need to cum." It was a command, but so soft and subtle; and so very sexy. At that point, I couldn't have denied her anything. I reluctantly pulled my cock from her sweltering cunt. I never wanted to pull lout of her. I did, and my cock felt cold when it was struck by the air, coming out of that hot pussy. My wet, slick cock was just as hard as it had ever been.

I knew what Star wanted. I don't know if I guessed or if I read her mind, or if it was instinct. I immediately moved down and started kissing her thighs. I moved up to her pussy quickly, knowing that Star needed to cum. I could feel how much she needed it. My sole mission in life at that moment, was to make Star cum. It was as if my life depended on it.

I dove between her thighs and began to devour that pussy; licking and sucking at all those juices. I was feasting on Star's juices and mine. I was licking and sucking at her sloppy pussy. I was drinking up all the nectar that she'd oozed out to mix with my cum. Nothing had ever tasted so exotic, so erotic.

My tongue found Star's clit and she lurched. She twisted and turned, as if she wanted to escape. We both knew better. I teased at that clit, then sucked it in. Tormenting it with my tongue. Some how, I knew that she wanted to feel my teeth. I bit her clit and I felt her lunge toward me and I clamped down. Star let out a shriek that was at once starting and also delightful. Her thighs clamped down on my head once more. I was sure that I was certainly dead that time. Her legs seemed to cramp up and whole body convulsed.

I thought for a minute Star would tear my head off with her thrashing. I gripped her legs and went along for the ride. She drug me all over the bed before she finally collapsed. She released me from the grip of her thighs with deep a moan, followed by that witchy laughter. That's the last thing I remember.