 We are alone in a hotel room. You are making a drink and spilled some on your hands. You go into the bathroom to rinse your hands off, I follow you in. As you stand over the sink, I slip my hands under your shirt. Run them up your back. Good God I love the way your back feels. You reach down on either side and pull your shirt off. I wrap my arms around you and squeeze you tight, letting my head rest against the curves of you back, breathing in your manly scent. It's intoxicating. 

I stand there for a minute, just lying in your back, running my fingers across your hips. Then I slowly work your pants down with my hands, just down your thighs a little. With my arms around you, I wrap my hand around your cock, gripping you at your base. My fingertips grasping your thickness, my palm firmly against you. I begin the slow movement with my hand, up and down your length. Your body instantly reacts to my touch. I feel you harden in my hand. You take a deep breath, and as your back rises and falls with that breath, I increase the speed of my hand, continuing to stroke you. Your reaction to my touch is quite the turn on. I can feel myself getting a little wet between my legs. 

I let go of you and use my hands to turn you around, immediately dropping to my knees. I look up at you, letting out a shy smile. And then immediately close my eyes as I take you into my mouth, letting fill my mouth entirely. I love that. I start slow. But soon I pick up pace. I pick your hand up and place it on my back of my head. You take the hint and lace your fingers into my hair. And then you push my face deep into your crotch. I nearly gag, but am thankful for your control. 

As you move my head, my mouth faster and faster around you, my own arousal is growing. I reach a free hand between my legs, letting my own wet warmth coat my fingers. I am so ready for you. I rub my fingers in a tight circle, adding to intensity of the moment. When you realize what I am doing, you immediately withdraw from my mouth and order me up onto the counter. I obey. 

As I scoot up onto the counter, I am filled with anticipation of you deep inside of me. I wrap my legs around your waist and wait. You grab my hips. Hard. And pull me towards you. Then, much to my surprise, you drop down and dive into me with your mouth. I gasp, feeling my hands instantly clutch onto the edge of the counter. Holy shit. This is much better than my fingers. Your tongue feels incredibly as you gently lick me up and down. I take a few deep breaths and my hand finds its way to your head, your hair. I run my hand through it, gently gripping. A few moments of your tongue on me and I can't any more. 

In a breathy voice, I whisper, "I need you in me. Now." And in and instant you are standing, your rock hard length at my entrance. My head is against the mirror behind me. I see you look at yourself in the mirror for just a second, letting out a knowing smile. And with one movement, I feel you deep inside of me, my back arching as you own me. 

As I come back to Earth after just one thrust, you look at me and ask, "More?" 

I reply, "Yes, please." And then you continue your assault on me, slowly first. I feel every movement in and out of me. Every time you withdraw, I can't wait to feel you fill me again. But as your pace quickens, I am not left with time to think. I just feel. I feel you deep into the pit of my stomach. I feel my hands running down the back of your arms. The strength and power you have over me is aweing. 

Within moments, I feel my stomach beginning to clench. My core tightens. I squeeze your hips with my legs, tightly. I wrap my hands around your arms, preparing to feel orgasm shutter through me. Knowing this, you dive down and pressed your lips against mine, hard. As your mouth crashes into mine, I convulse around you. My orgasm pours through me. I can barely breathe, I'm a little light headed. I find myself nearly sitting up, you still deep inside of me, my arms wrapped around you, our bodies pushed against one another. 

You give me a minute to recover, as I continue to feel the waves tear through me, slowing in pace. Once I catch my breath, you pull my chin up, meeting my eyes, smiling a devilish grin. You wrap one hand around my back, letting it rest at the base of my neck. Grabbing my neck, you pull me back down to laying on the counter. Your grasp my hips tightly and begin to ravage me again. 

You move in and out of me. So deeply, yet so quickly. With every thrust I feel like you are ripping me open. I close my eyes, taking in the intensity of your movements, of the moment. But my serenity is interrupted as I feel your hand against my back, bringing me to sitting again. Our faces are inches from each other. I feel your mouth against my ear, hear you let out a few curses into my ear. All as you continue to pump in and out of me at a rapid pace. 

And then in a moment's time, your grip even harder onto my hips, and thrust impossibly deep into me, filling me entirely. I feel you cum, filling me with a near explosion. You close your eyes and rest your head on my shoulder. I layer gentle kisses down your shoulder as I run my hands up and down that glorious back of yours.