 Chapter IV: The Reunion

Beverley was pleased and excited when Marty contacted her about his impending holiday visit to Cambridge. She hadn't really expected to see him ever again after their short torrid affair in Spain. This time he would be part of a tour party but intended to opt out of the official programme and spend some time with Beverley. 

As soon as dates were firmed up, Beverley nominated a rendezvous in Cambridge where they could meet. Marty liked his women to dress exotic underwear and he began to bombard Beverley with suggestions about what she should wear. Finally Beverley told him she would bring a selection of underwear with her for him to choose from.

****

Marty was already sitting in the bar when Beverley arrived. She was wearing the same black two piece business suit that she had worn for her tryst with the two businessmen. He was dressed in American casual shorts and a coloured shirt. They exchanged affectionate greetings. 

'I'd forgotten what a gorgeous looking woman you are,' he smiled.

'I don't think you've ever seen me fully dressed before have you? It was always flimsy sun dresses and bikinis in Spain.'

'As I remember it, you were mostly naked,' Marty said with a grin. 'But I do remember the long black dress you wore when I met you after dinner to show you my photos. It was split to the thigh on both sides and as you walked I got a glimpse of your stocking tops.'

'So how do you like my business suit?' The contrast in their dress styles was rather striking. 

'It makes you look like a school teacher,' Marty said with a laugh 'and I'm more interested in what you're wearing underneath.' Beverley crossed her legs so that Marty could see more of her thighs. He looked at her with undisguised lust. 'Are you wearing suspenders?'

'I don't think you're supposed to ask school teachers questions like that but since you ask, yes.' Beverley glanced round to check they were unobserved and then pulled up her skirt so that he could see her black stocking tops and suspender straps.

Marty moved closer to her and slid his hand up her thigh and brushed gently against her thin knickers. 'And what kind of a bra are you wearing,' he murmured in her ear. I'm really looking forward to getting my hands on your gorgeous breasts again.'

Beverley rested her hand on Marty's shorts and felt his growing erection

'You know I really can't wait till we get to the hotel. Is there anywhere we can go?' he asked urgently.

'Yes, I feel the same,' Beverley said. 'Let's live dangerously.' Marty followed Beverley as she led him out of the bar and down a passage. They stopped outside the ladies lavatory. After checking there was no one inside, they went into a cubicle and shut the door.

Beverley didn't waste any time; their needs were urgent. She slipped her jacket off and hung it on a hook before opening her blouse and unclipping her bra. Marty dropped his shorts and got his dick out while Beverley swiftly removed her knickers before unceremoniously pulling her skirt up round her waist. Marty paused to probe her cunt with his fingers; she was wet and wide open. His cock slid up inside her with very little resistance. There were involuntary gasps and sighs as they frantically fucked. Five minutes later it was all over. She felt like a real whore now; she had never been fucked standing up against a wall before.

'That was fun,' Beverley said with a grin as they returned to the bar. 'You really bring out the slut in me.'

'Just the first of many shags, I hope,' Marty added. 'By the way I've upgraded to a larger room but we can't get in until 2.00 pm.'

'Never mind, if you like I can show you the sights of Cambridge.' Beverley said

'Problem is, Beverley, that the tour party is doing the rounds of Cambridge. It would be a bit embarrassing if we met up with them.'

'You could always tell them I'm your English sister-in-law, I suppose.' She replied. 'No, on second thoughts let's go to Granchester. It's a very pleasant riverside walk.'

'Granchester,' Marty said. 'What goes on there?'

'It's an old English village with a pub, a church and the Orchard Tea Garden. Rupert Brooke the poet lived there while he was studying at Cambridge in the early part of the 20th Century. He wrote a very famous poem called 'Granchester'.' Marty looked puzzled. Beverley laughed. 'Sorry Marty but in addition to being a part time whore, I'm also a bit of a bluestocking; after all I do work in a library you know.' 

'So what's with the blue stockings?' Marty queried focussing on the part of Beverley's remarks that really intrigued him. 

'It's just an archaic term used in this country to put down women with literary pretentions,' she replied. Marty paid for the drinks and they left the pub.

When they were outside Beverley realised she wasn't suitably dressed for a country walk. Marty was fascinated to accompany Beverley as she purchased some casual wear in a big department store. Suddenly he noticed the lingerie department and insisted on purchasing some sexy garments for her that appealed to him. He was disappointed that she wouldn't let him watch her trying them on when she took the opportunity to change in a cubicle. 

****

The stroll through the college backs and out of Cambridge didn't take long. Marty was surprised how quickly they reached the open countryside and shortly afterwards Granchester. He felt he had entered a different world when they sat together in the Orchard Tea Garden sipping tea and eating small cakes. Beverley was wearing a flimsy short sun dress with narrow shoulder straps. Marty stared intently and realised he could dimly see the outline of her bare breasts.

'Rupert Brooke used to bring his girlfriends here,' Beverley said dreamily. 'They would swim nude in the river and afterwards make love on the riverbank.'

'I think I'll pass on the swimming,' Marty replied 'but let's go and find somewhere to make love.'

Strolling back towards Cambridge they found a shady copse hidden from passing river traffic. They lay naked in the moist grass and gently played with each other's genitals. Beverley sighed and spread her legs wide apart to display her readiness for intercourse. They made love twice in the next half hour; the first time with Beverley spread-eagled on the ground and later bent forward over a fallen tree trunk so that Marty could fuck her doggy style.

****

Beverley approved of Marty's superior bedroom at the hotel with its king-size double bed and adjacent well appointed bathroom. 

'I think we both need a bath after rolling about on the ground at Granchester,' Beverley said as she looked in the bathroom. 'Wow. It's a nice big bath; room for two I think.'

'You go ahead,' Marty said, 'I'll just order some champagne from Room Service. A few minutes later Marty entered carrying two glasses and a bottle of champagne in an ice bucket. He was already naked and quickly snuggled down in the bath beside his amorous partner.

'So, what shall we do now?' Marty asked as they sipped their champagne.

'You can do pretty much anything you like as far as I'm concerned,' Beverley replied. 'By the way, I've brought some handcuffs with me in case you fancy some bondage and I've got a couple of canes to beat you with if you're a naughty boy.'

'Actually, I'd rather like to photograph you in lingerie,' Marty said. 'I find women dressed in lingerie a real turn on and can I help you dress as well? I think my ideal fantasy job would be dressing lingerie models for a fashion show; adjusting their bras fastening their clips, making sure their stockings were taut and evenly supported.'

'Wow Marty, I think I'd better put on my psychiatrist's hat. Do you want a pair of my knickers to wank off with?' Marty grinned,' we all have our kinks; it spices up life.

****

For the next hour Beverley indulged Marty's desire to dress and undress her in the large range of lingerie she had with her, not to mention the items that he had bought for her earlier. He took dozens of photo graphs; finally he was finished. Beverley was lounging in the bed in one of her more provocative ensembles looking thoughtfully at Marty. 

'Would you like to play a game with me?' she asked enigmatically.' Marty had no reason to demur. She asked him to lie on the bed and then manacled his wrists to the bed head.

'Now you can look and lust all you want, but you can't touch.' Beverley removed her flimsy white camisole and knelt astride Marty's body, making sure she didn't come in contact with his cock.

'You want to fuck me now don't you,' she whispered She unclipped her bra and threw it aside fore bending forward and gently brushing her erect nipples across the tip of Marty's straining member. 'Bet you wish your hands were free to feel my tits now, don't you? 'You tantalising bitch,' Marty groaned with a mixture of pleasure and frustration. Beverley moved slowly backwards and stood at the foot of the bed. 

'Watch me Marty; I'm going to take my knickers off.' She slowly wriggled her flimsy garment down to the floor and kicked it casually aside; now all she was wearing were stockings, suspenders and high heeled shoes. 'Well, what do you think, do you like my bare cunt? Marty loved to hear Beverley talk obscenely with that quaint English accent but he was distracted by the appearance of her silky smooth pudenda framed by her suspender straps. 'I had some depilation done last week so that an artist could paint his designs on my naked body,' she said by way of explanation. 

Would you like a closer look?' Without waiting for a reply, Beverley straddled his legs again and then brushed her vaginal orifice across the tip of his erection. 'Would you like me to ride your cock?' 'Oh yes ride me now,' Marty begged desperately. 'I'm not sure you deserve it,' Beverley said sternly. In the pub this morning you were a very bad boy; you treated me like a cheap whore when you fucked in the lavatory. Do you think I'm a cheap whore? Do you think I normally let men fuck me up against a wall?' she persisted while continuing to rub her cunt against Marty's swollen member. 'No. no. of course not I think you're wonderful, I think you're a Goddess,'

'That's more like it,' Beverley said. 'Now Goddesses have to be placated or they get very angry. Do you understand?' Marty nodded meekly; he hadn't realised before how hugely pleasurable it was being dominated by a woman. Beverley repositioned herself so that she was sitting astride Marty's chest; then she inched herself forward until her gaping vagina oozing sexual juices was just inches from Marty's face. 'Pleasure my cunt with your tongue,' she ordered.

The room felt silent apart from Beverley's gentle squeals of sexual pleasure and occasional obscenities. Her sex juices flooded down on Marty's face causing his eyes to sting. When he opened his eyes all he could see was a writhing pink mass of pulsating flesh. Marty lost track of time; all he was aware of was successive spasms of orgasmic pleasure shuddering through Beverley's body. Finally she was satiated and edged back from Marty's sticky face. 

'That was very nice; no actually it was fucking marvellous.' Marty's cock was aching with the intensity of his erection. Beverley looked at him thoughtfully. 'How would you like me to bring you off? Do you want my cunt, my mouth, my tits or my hand? 

The cumulative effect of all this stimulation was just too much for Marty; he had reached a point of no returned. As he thrashed from side to side in orgasmic ecstasy, powerful jets of semen erupted from his cock showering Beverley's body with a liberal white coating. Marty found it difficult to remember ever having enjoyed an ejaculation so much before. 

Beverley looked at the semen oozing slowly down her breasts.. 'Wow Marty, you do make a lot of cum. Was it something I did?' Finally Marty found his voice.

'Fucking hell, I don't think I've ever 'come' before with absolutely no tactile contact with my cock. Get me out of these handcuffs; I want to take some photos to remind me of the best cum of my life.'

****

Marty looked down at Beverley dozing beside him in bed then gently pulled back the covers so that he could look at her body without waking her. He rubbed his hand gently across her smooth depilated pubis and felt desire growing again in his loins. Beverley stirred in her sleep then rolled over so that she was face down on the bed. Marty contemplated the delicious curvature of her bum with mounting lust. She rolled on her side, opened her eyes and looked lazily at him and was immediately aware of his erect penis.

'I wonder what you are thinking about,' she said with a grin, as she gently fondled his erect member.

'I was trying to imagine you covered in body paint. Have you got any photos?' Beverley got off the bad and rummaged in her bag before passing the proofs that Malcolm had given her to Marty.

'Wow you look great. And who's the other gorgeous looking lady?'

'That's my friend Dorothy.'

'Now listen, I've got a great idea,' Marty said. 'I've got a condo in Key West and every year they hold a Fantasy Fest which lasts a whole week. Body painting is a big feature of the fancy dress parades. Nudity is theoretically banned but lots of adventurous women wander round completely naked apart from their body paint. With your figure; you'd be a knockout. And you know what an exhibitionist you are.'

'Is that by way of being an invitation to your condo?' Beverley asked.

'Sure is; and you could bring Dorothy as well.'

'I'm sure Dorothy would love that; she practically had an orgasm looking at that naked photo you sent me. I think she uses it as a masturbatory aid. It would certainly be nice to get out of the UK in dreary wet November. Let me think about it and I'll talk to Dorothy.'

'OK, now let's get back to considering your beautiful arse.'

A slight look of alarm flitted across Beverley's face. 'Marty, my anus is a bit tight for your big dick. Last time you fucked my bum Graham had been up there first to open me up and I still felt sore for a while afterwards.'

'Don't worry,' Marty said. 'I'll make sure you're well lubricated before I go in.'

Marty took her hand and led her over to the dressing table and asked her to bend forward supporting her weight on her hands. Seeing her bum sticking up and her legs spread apart, Marty changed his mind and slid his cock slowly up her cunt. Beverley sighed with a mixture of relief and pleasure as Marty set about giving her a long slow fuck.

****

In the early evening the sound of the tour coach party returning to the hotel for their evening meal woke Marty and Beverley from satiated sleep. They decided to join the other guests in the dining room where she was introduced as his English sister-in-law. Afterwards they sat in the lounge for a while exchanging small talk. One by one the other guests departed until eventually they found themselves on their own. Beverley crossed her legs her and sipped her after dinner liqueur. 

'Shall we live a little dangerously again?' she said with a wicked smile and shifted in her seat so that her suspenders showed. Leaning over she unzipped Marty's trousers and began to fondle his expanding cock. 

'Undo my blouse and get my tits out,' she said casually, 'I'm going to give you a tit fuck.' Beverley knelt on the floor in front of Marty and nestled his cock between her breasts.. As she rubbed her tits against his cock semen leaking from his tip provided the necessary lubrication. A few minutes later Marty gasped with pleasure as he spurted out on her body. Beverley quickly fastened her bra trapping most of Marty's ejaculent in her 'D' cups. Marty glanced round the room. 'I don't want to worry you, but have you noticed the security camera over their?'

'Actually yes,' she replied, 'I knew it was there all the time. As you know I'm a born exhibitionist and I rather enjoy the thought of some hotel security guy wanking off when he reviews the record.'

As they walked through reception on the way to the lift the female receptionist smiled knowingly at them. 'On the other hand Marty; that receptionist might have copped a look at your cock,' Beverley whispered as they went by.

Back in the bedroom Beverley immediately removed her bra which was sticking to her breasts. Marty watched in fascination. 'Shall I make a confession,' he said. 'You may think this is a bit pervy but I've always wanted a woman to trap my cum in her bra.'

Beverley shrugged, 'whatever turns you on. Would you like to keep my bra and knickers? You can use them to wank off with when you're thinking of me. I'm going to take a shower'

****

That night the lay close together in the bed gently caressing each other's body. In the early hours of the morning they came together for one last coupling. Now they behaved more like lovers. Marty left early to catch the coach to Heathrow but promised to keep in touch. It had been an unforgettable twenty-four hours for both of them.