 If anyone is actually reading this stuff, then by now you have figured out I am slowly writing a chronicle of my life.

Guess that is why it isn't exactly hot sex stuff, never was a hell of a lot of it in my world anyway.

This one got hot, though, I will get to it.

I write stories, all kinds, yea, published some of them. Not a pile of money in that, it fills time. I make my living inventing and selling car parts, do dang fine at that. So money was fast becoming no issue.

I am 62 now, I jumped ahead and wrote some of the later in life stuff. Stories about my wife Silvi, mostly. She is one hunk of a woman and more or less fills the holes between a pile of parts I make and the world that wants to use them.

The period this sequence is set in was about 20 odd years ago, my first ever actual vacation.

At that point in my life I had perhaps had 5 lovers all told. Every damn time, first the gal spots me and I guess the right word is they run me down until I can't get away.

10 years in prison for manslaughter takes the edge off a man's predatory instincts. After the go around with my first wife I have to say I didn't trust women much.

One thing. I am big. I mean goddamned big! Still am, although I can't roll 80 pound barbells like I did 20 years ago, I still spend 2-3 hours every day pounding the weights.

My nice shock of hair has turned gray, I wear it a shade long now, the area in the front is a bit thin. People still look at me and get that frightened look in their eyes, I can't help that.

Probably my big square jaw, and the ever present shorts with thighs that bulge the openings in the legs. I am almostly always in an extra large T-shirt, never have found long sleeve shirts to wear. One moment of forgetfulness and I pop the sleeves or shoulders open, just sipping a Ginger Ale.

So shorts, T-shirts, way it is. One day Silvi made me go to some custom tailor shop, they cut me a suit, it did fit. I just felt caged, yanking at the collar and squirming around, miserable. She gave up after that, now I wear my shorts and T-shirt to business meetings.

Everybody is used to me like that anyway, I just stay out of the way and let Silvi handle details.

To this day I get up and go to the shop, check the machines, check the crew. Lost Kathy, my secretary some 5 years ago. I always knew she wanted me, never really did anything about that. Besides, Silvi would have whacked off one of my balls and fed it to me sliced and pan fried for dinner, no doubt. My new secretary is Rhonda, pretty African gal, I catch her looking at me from time to time, too. She teases me a little, I happen to know she has a mass of curly black pubic hair between her legs.

Can't do anything about that, either.

Damn strong woman, my Silvi.

Anyways, there are some updates, on to the story.

I had taken a vacation. Hell, where does anyone go on their first vacation? Hawaii, of course! So I rolled in, got settled. Two blocks off Waikiki beach, easy walk. By the 2nd day I ran into this nurse lady named Trina. I got the shit sunburned out of me, she helped me. We ended up messing up the bed pretty good, I got her number, planning to call when I got home.

Never did.

Then I hopped a plane to the Big Island, some lady in a little open bar started doing flashes at me, she and her guy Harry. I figured they wanted to play, they figured me for a mark.

Should have taken a closer look at me.

Got that sorted out, no more than back and I run into this scrawny little Oriental gal, no way my type in any way shape or form. Her name was Tonya (That ain't no Oriental name I don't think..?)

Oh, well. Anyway, she had this chubby little asshole boyfriend, he liked to slap her around, then verbally abuse her. No idea why women take that shit, but Bobbie had her crying, I got in the way. One thing leads to another and then I am fucking her, and I have this flat chested 81 pound bony little thing curled up at my feet.

Great. Just what I need on vacation, a pet to care for. Got to admit she was fun to fuck, tiny little thing, we could do things that would be physically impossible for most couples.

Ever hold your gal friend up with both hands and just bounce her up and down on your dick, both laughing like idiots at the same time? Did that one, kick in the ass.

Yea, fun stuff. Still. My vacation was getting all shot to hell, I had things I wanted to do, to see.

Had me a feeling Tonya wasn't going to get in my way, though, so I let her stay. Only had 5 days left anyway, then time to go home.

God knows she was trying. If I sat down, she was right there, curled up at my feet. Always touching, always looking for the slightest thing she thought I needed or wanted. Always naked.

Damn, a man could live with a woman like that and it would be all right.

Except she was so goddamned tiny, scrawny in fact. I was thinking about maybe feeding the hell out of her but all that would happen is her ass would grow, I was pretty sure of that.

I tried to relax and enjoy it.

She had been there two days, I was down to my last blade for my razor, nicked my face. She hopped up and headed out the door, going to get me some new ones.

Tonya was always like that.

I turned and was trying to stick some tissue on my face when I heard a shriek from around the corner by the pool.

I stepped out to look, here was Bobbie, (I called him doughboy in my head) and he had Tonya by the hair, trying to drag her towards the street.

I walked up and grabbed him. There was a wooden slat fence there, I lifted and flipped him over it. He thumped down kinda hard, it flashed in my mind that the last time I did something like that, the guy didn't get up and I got a 10 year stint in the Washington State pen.

I checked Tonya, she had a drop of blood on her lip, that pissed me off. I walked around through the gate, the fence kept people back from some funny looking plants the hotel had growing in there.

Grabbed doughboy, drug him out by the pool. He didn't really struggle, not much point, I had my hands wrapped around his arms and no way could he begin to do anything.

I explained things to him, looking him right in the eyes, holding him with his feet six inches off the floor. I saw his eyes, the fear. He got it. Then I just dumped him in the pool.

I walked Tonya to the little store down the street and back. I was thinking, didn't need these hassles. But someone had to do something about asshole doughboy.

Tonya and I talked, I explained to her I was going home. Went into how a man has a business to run, how even though she was fun there was someone for her out there, all the usual crap.

Soften her up for the fact that I was moving on.

Just to make sure I mentioned that even though she was a kick in the pants in the sack, she just wasn't my type. 

"What type you like?" Back into that singsong way of talking again.

I mentioned I liked women who were a bit taller (like about a foot but I didn't say that), nice round and soft. I actually was describing my first wife, but I didn't mention that, either.

She sat and took it all in, no real change of expression. Mostly I was trying to make it clear that I was going home in just a few days.

By myself.

She seemed to accept it all. Her big brown eyes got soft and wet looking.

"I go when you wish."

I just nodded.

I stretched out on the bed, dozed off. Tonya was sitting at the table, watching me, last I remember. I couldn't read the expression.

I woke up maybe 2 hours later, she was gone.

"For the best" I thought.

I walked down to Kewalo Basin, there was a little restaurant right on the shore where the jetty starts out. Best dang burgers around, some kind of meat loaf and seasoning that I liked. Run by Chinese, It was years before I wondered about that meat. Closest I ever found since was a Goat burger once, maybe.  Cheap, too, I could eat about 10 of them. I filled up pretty good, wandered out to the end of the jetty. Got soaked as a little rain storm rolled in and by. Funny place in the world, I had clouds of steam rolling off me as I walked back to the hotel.

I heard voices as I got to my door. 

"Now what the hell?" I thought.

I opened the door, Tonya was sitting on the edge of the bed, over in the chair sat this absolute vision!

She was full busted, slim at the waist, wearing some kind of wrap-around almost dress that hid pretty much nothing. Dark hair and eyes as blue as the sky outside. The way she sat left one leg exposed all the way to never never land, there wasn't anything under there, I was already sure of that.

I guess I stood there with my mouth hanging open.

"You weren't kidding!" the woman in the chair said.

"What is...?"

"This is Sandra. You like?" piped in Tonya.

"Yea, but.."

"Your type?"

"Yea, but.."

"She fuck you I help." Blunt as always.

"What?" I blinked.

Sandra got up and walked towards me, big shit eating grin on her face.

"That's what I said when Tonya described you."

"What?"

"Yes, 'what!'..she wasn't kidding." Her eyes looked me up and down, hands reached out and stroked my arms.

Women always do that.

I looked at Tonya, she had this huge happy smile on her face.

I was thinking that things like this just do not happen, when Sandra dropped to her knees and started to fumble with my shorts.

I just stood there, in shock.

Sandra now had my mostly limp penis in her hands, then her mouth came open and I was responding, no way around that.

I was thinking that Tonya had gone out and hired a hooker, and was about to protest.

"Just for fun."  I think she read my mind. "I have a husband back at the hotel."

Husband?

"Tonya, I.."

"Have fun, she your type." Tonya said, with a giggle.

This was some weird shit, I stood there not really knowing what to do. Sandra was making some noises now. Tonya got up, came over and untied her Sarong, slid it off.

Creamy brown skin, breasts firm and high, no marks, I was lost. Her nipples were very large, the outer edges blended into the surrounding color. Except for the tiny round buttons on the tip, it was like her entire breast was nipple.

No tan lines at all.

I pulled her up, nuzzled her breasts. We made it to the bed, I was exploring Sandra's body when I felt Tonya's tiny mouth slide over me. All she could get in there was just the head, even that was a strain, but she was trying. I saw she had removed her bikini somewhere, I had missed that.

Strange as this was, I just decided to relax and go with the flow. I buried my face in a perfect cunt, sweet as spring water, not a hair to be found anywhere. Again, no tan lines.

I realized Sandra was pulling at Tonya's legs, she finally managed to get her slid over, I looked up as Sandra's mouth came down between Tonya's legs.

Tonya's mouth clamped down on me at the first touch, then she was struggling to do more than take it with her mouth open.

I was beginning to figure it out.

I sat back and just watched. Tonya was up on top of Sandra at first, her hips swinging forwards and back as she thrust at Sandra's mouth.

This was some amazing shit, never in my life had I ever seen two women go at it. I was quickly ignored in the shuffle, first Tonya on top, then Sandra.

It was kinda funny because Tonya, being so tiny, had to really stretch to reach between Sandra's legs. I almost chuckled, wishing I had a camara.

Just then Sandra rolled up on top, her fanny presented itself to me, knees apart. I could see Tonya lapping away, so I stepped up to the edge of the bed, placed my cock at Sandra's entrance, hesitated.

I wasn't real sure at this point that I was really even in this game, but Sandra looked over her shoulder at me, smiled and pushed back. 

Obvious invitation.

I just pressed forward, there was no resistance as I slipped into her folds. Her lips were the full blown kind, open and protruding, as I moved back and forth they wrapped around my shaft, rolling inwards and outwards with the motion.

I took my time, delighting in this vision, as slow as I could go. She wasn't mashingly tight like Tonya, just easy and fluid. She was timing the motion of each stroke of her mouth on Tonya with each stroke of her hips against me. Tonya's hands were on my testicles, teasing and brushing me.

Only once before had I ever had two women at once, even then, both of them were more interested in me than each other. 

I wasn't real sure this time which way it was, and I was beginning to not care.

I had one crashing climax, the fluid leaking out with each back stroke seemed to just spur me on. I managed to stay firm enough to continue, then a 2nd longer and easier climax and I was done.

They were still going at it when I came out of the bathroom. Naked, I sat in the chair and just watched as they brought each other to one orgasm after another.

Then, exhausted, they rolled over, lay there curled in each other's arms.

We all looked at each other.

"How..?" I started to ask.

Sandra told me that Tonya had simply came up to her at the bar down by the beach. They had chatted a bit, she had described me. Then she had said she needed to find "Dan's type."

Instead of being insulted, Sandra had been intrigued. Then Tonya had asked to see her breasts.

"And.."

"I showed them to her."

"In the bar?"

"Yes." she giggled.

Then she explained that if a man had hit on her like that, she would have rejected him, but a woman?

It all just sounded nasty, different, delightful, so here she was.

She looked down at my crotch, beginning to erect again at the story.

She licked her lips.

"Here we go again." I thought.

"Your type?" Tonya smiled.

"Yep!"

"Mine, too!"

I just laughed and climbed on the bed.

Later, I showed Sandra how I could hold Tonya by her waist and bounce her up and down, the only thing touching was our loins and my hands. Then Tonya stuck her legs straight up, at what seemed to be an impossible angle, as Sandra kneeled between her legs, long licking stroke over each of us in time to the movement.

She started right between my balls, licking her spread tongue upwards, the full length of my shaft. Then on over Tonya.

Amazing stuff. I was thinking I could pass on going to look at sunken ships out in the harbor.

Tonya's type, huh?

Problem solved.