 The formation of F-18s jetted over head and fell into the landing pattern at NAS North Island. They had taken off from the carrier while it was still miles out to sea. It had been a long deployment and the pilots were tired, glad to get off the ship. Lt. Jameson Thurgood touched down with a thump and screech of tires, his first touch of land for six months. He taxied in loose formation to the parking ramp where the wives and children were anxiously waiting. A plane captain directed him into the chocks; he shut the engines down and departed the aircraft.

Ann was waiting for him in the crowd. She spotted him immediately and ran into his waiting arms. Throwing herself on him, she kissed him hard and deep, ramming her tongue into his mouth. He sucked on it briefly, acknowledging their mutual ache. 

"I've got to go debrief. I'll be out in thirty minutes," he promised. Arm in arm, they strolled to the reception center and he went inside while she waited. 

The Captain could read the anxiety on the faces of the pilots. The debriefing was very brief. "Dismissed!" he roared and the pilots got up and rapidly departed the center.

Ann jumped into his arms again. "What do you want to do first?" she asked.

"You've got to be kidding!" he exclaimed.

"Yeah, I am," she giggled.

They almost ran to the parking lot, got into Ann's Porsche and sped away from the base. They rounded the harbor at mach 2 and parked at their condo in Point Loma. In the garage, he held her tightly to him and felt her body tremble. "Nervous?' he asked.

"I may have forgotten how. It's been six long months," she answered with a smile. She kissed him in the elevator all the way up to their floor. 

Unlocking the door, he swept her up in his arms and carried her across the threshold.

"This isn't our honeymoon," she said.

"Wrong!" he said as he shut the door. "This is gonna be better than the first one. We are overdressed."

"I can fix that." She said as she took off her dress, bra and panties. Then she grabbed him and removed all his clothing.

"Maybe we should shower first; I've been flying all day."

"Not a chance, fly boy. Get your ass in this bedroom and screw my eyeballs out!"

"No problem, maam!" he cried as he dived into the bed behind her.

She had wonderful tits. He nourished himself on them while she stroked his cock. "It's even bigger than I remembered," she remarked.

"Yes, I've been growing it especially for you," he replied. His fingers brushed her pussy lips and she moaned softly.

"I can't take it any more!" she cried. "Gimme that dick, NOW!"

He slid between her legs and pointed his rock hard cock at her opening.

"C'mon, stop teasing me and get it in!" she demanded.

He plunged his cock all the way into her. It felt so good to be back in the sugary walls of her pussy. He had almost forgotten what he was fighting for. 

She wriggled under him, thrusting upwards to speed his input. He was driving into her as hard as he could. "We're gonna do this all night," he promised.

"What, no TV?" she laughed.

"If you want entertainment, just look down." 

She looked down and saw his cock plunging into her like a big, meaty piston. His pubic bone crashed into her clit and set off an immediate fire within her that just got hotter and hotter. She felt her entire body start to shake as her pussy clenched his cock. Her orgasm overtook her and she was lost in the throes of passion. This is why she waited for him. This is why she loved him.

He felt her stiffen beneath him and knew she was cumming. He felt his nuts retract as he started squirting her full of his baby juice. Panting and puffing, he hugged her tightly to him, trying not to let a drop escape from her. She had her legs wrapped around his waist and didn't let go. He knew that she wanted a baby. He hoped he had just given her one.

"I had forgotten what a fantastic piece of ass you are," he told her.

"You're some pretty good pecker yourself," she answered.

When they stopped twitching and started breathing easily again, he got up and pulled her into the bathroom. On came the shower as he kissed her beautiful body. She shuddered as he kissed her tits while waiting for the water to warm. She rubbed his cock and then his balls. They stepped into the shower together.

He immediately started soaping her body, running his hands everywhere. Soon she was slippery and clean. He got on his knees and worshipped her pussy. He kissed it. He sucked it. He ate the whole thing. She tasted so good. He wanted the fragrance of her sex to last forever. 

Worship finished, he stood up while she soaped him, paying particular attention to his entertainment center. 

Her slippery, soapy little hand grasped his rod and cleaned it, probably more thoroughly than was necessary. She rinsed the soap away and popped it in her mouth. She sucked it deep into her throat. He moaned as it came to life. She thought it tasted better than the last time. Yummy!

They got out of the shower and toweled off. He took her hand and led her back to the bedroom. Laying her down, he slowly, gently kissed her. Their primary urgency had been replaced by slow, pleasurable lust. They explored each other's bodies, remembering the things that had dimmed with time.

"I want a baby." She said.

"I know." He replied.

"I stopped taking the pill," she said.

"I know," he replied.

"Is that why you didn't pull out and shoot it on me?" she asked.

"Yup," he answered. 

"Does that mean you want a baby too?"

"I want to squirt you full of babies. I want to start now. You cannot escape; I have you in my clutches!"

"Oh goody. Let's do it again. But this time, slow and easy. I want as much of your sperm as I can hold. I wanna be a mommy."

He rolled over on his back and she mounted him like a horse. She again slipped his dick into her waiting, wanting cunt. Slowly, she lowered herself onto it. The deeper it went, the better it felt. Finally she had engulfed the entire rod. She didn't move. Her pussy was doing all the work as it milked him like a cow. "Ain't sex instruction tapes grand?" she smiled.

"Damn, woman! What are you doing to me? I never felt anything like that in my life! Don't you dare stop."

Soon she started riding up and down on the prick. Faster and faster she bounced until she knew he was near climax. She slowed. He was quivering, right on the edge of orgasm. She clamped down hard and fast with her pussy muscles and jumped up and down quickly. He fired volley after volley into her talented pussy. She screamed as she came following his eruption. "I guess those sex tapes really work," she panted as she collapsed on him.

Sweaty and sticky, their bodies glued together, his cock still in her vagina, cum and pussy juices were everywhere. They were in heaven. He could easily have died happy at this moment. She stirred and opened her eyes.

"It can't possibly get better than that!" she remarked.

"We can try," he said as he rolled her off of him. He petted her soaked pussy and kissed her tits. She moaned and grabbed his flaccid cock. Their tongues meshed in a rhapsody of love and lust.

"All day and all night and all day........" she murmured.

"Words cannot describe how much I love you. You are mine forever." He replied.

Two became one again. Soon, two would become three.