 Let's face it. It isn't every day a guy gets a beaver show in a public place, but I had just sat in a bar and watched a pretty little Brunette spread her legs and let me look.

This while her Hubby or whatever he was sat by her side.

I sat there nursing my Ginger Ale, fingering the card she had dropped on my table as she walked by.

The invitation was obvious.

I wandered around Kailua-kona for several hours, it really didn't take long to walk from one end of the town to the other in 1978. Like the brochures had said, it was a sleepy little fishing village.

I wandered down and took a swim in the ocean right off the seawall, the water wasn't really deep, a rock shelf ran out quite a ways. It was interesting to stand on a huge mound of brain coral while the waves rolled by, picking me up and setting me back down. I suppose I played in the water for a good hour or so. Once when my foot came down, I felt a stinging but thought nothing of it.

Finally I swam back, just taking my time in the tepid water. I found a little restaurant and ordered a fish dinner, it came as the whole fish. A funny looking red thing on a bed of some kind of plant leaves. I realized quickly that I was supposed to just pick the meat off with my fingers. Odd they didn't even clean the thing, they just flopped it on the plate, steamed I think.

Kinda good, actually. I still have no idea what the bowl of white goo they served with it was all about, that wasn't food to me although others around me were eating that with their fingers too.

One bite was enough. Tasted like fucking library paste.

I went back to the motel as the sun finally settled and it began to get dark. I spent a couple of miserable hours trying to rest, finally I got up.

I pulled out the card the Brunette had given me, thought about it. Hell, I didn't even know her name. I had a little struggle with myself, finally I just reached for the phone and dialed.

A soft female voice answered, "Hello."

"Hello." I said, feeling stupid. "Are you the lady from the bar?"

"Oh, are you the big guy that was there?"

"Yea, I'm Dan."

"Crissy." her voice was soft as silk.

I hesitated, not knowing what to say.

"Want to come over?"

"Maybe, what's the deal?"

"Just some fun."

"Your...friend?"

"Oh that is Harry, he doesn't mind. He likes to watch."

I did some mental gathering up, this was strange as hell.

"Ok."

She gave me an address, glancing at my map I knew it was a Hotel not more than 2 blocks up the hill.

I had actually checked on that one, bit rich for my blood so I had booked at the crummy motel.

"30 minutes?" This was going fast.

I took a quick shower, noticing my foot still had that stinging sensation from earlier. I put that out of my mind.

I knocked on the door 30 minutes later, Crissy answered. She was wearing a white robe, she smiled at me. I realized it was the first time I had seen her eyes, as blue as the ocean I had swam in earlier.

Best way I can describe the moment was nervous. I wasn't sure, could this be real?

She showed me to the main room. There was a couple of doors off to the side, bedroom, I assumed, and the bath. I sat on the large couch. No sign of Harry.

"Harry is out on the balcony," she said, reading my mind. "He will probably come in later.."

She sat, the robe slipping open, one bare leg exposed. At the same time, the top gapped open, most of her right breast was showing.

I gulped, my body already reacting.

"Glad to see me?" she smiled, reaching out to stroke my erection through my shorts. Talk about forward.

Then she stood, slipping the robe, letting it fall to the floor. She was nude, not even earrings. Her medium sized breasts were high and firm, nipples like little pinpoints. I looked at the sleek curve of her hips, the V of her pubic hair was dark and neatly trimmed. Her lips were thick, protruding, spectacular.

I just sat there.

She slid into my lap, I knew what to do. In no time, we were trading kisses, carresses. Somehow she got my shorts popped open, had me in her hands. I stood, stepped out of them as she stared at me, then reached out and stroked my length.

I heard a noise, glanced up. Harry was standing at the balcony door, watching. I almost started, then realized that that was the deal.

"What the fuck?" I thought, reaching for her. We played around on the couch for several minutes, then just as I was poised to slide into her she said, "Let's move to the bedroom."

I picked her up, opened the door and placed her on the huge bed. 

"More like it." I thought, as she lay back. I slipped up on top, entered her in one smooth motion. 

I lost all track of Harry. After she had had no less that 3 solid orgasms, I finally allowed myself to let go.

Her body was fine, afterwards, we basked in each other.

I walked out into the main room, Harry was nowhere to be seen. Crissy came out, slipped her robe back on. I stepped into my shorts, pulled the T-shirt on.

We hugged, and I left, walking back down the hill to my little room. I thought about it all, odd experience.

The next morning, I wandered over to the restaurant, some eggs and bacon sounded real good. Reaching for my wallet to pay, it hit me.

$800.00!! Gone! I had been rolled. Stupid of me.

I ran all the way up the street to the hotel, beat on the door. No answer, I hadn't expected any. At the desk, I asked. Yep, checked out.

Great. Just great! Here I was, in Hawaii, not a dime to my name. I knew I could find a Bank, Western Union, something, wire some emergency cash.

I had another idea, though. I had spotted the Blue Impala Supersport parked out front, I knew it had to be theirs.

They might call this the Big Island, but it wasn't that big.

I rubbed my stinging foot, climbed into the old rental Toyota.

I knew it was a matter of time.