 Chapter V Teen Age Sex Education

Soon after Beverley returned from Cambridge she contacted the website design company 'Perfect Geeks' and arranged a meeting. They suggested that she should visit their offices at an out of town industrial estate to see at first hand the kind of work they did. 

'I've got an appointment with the manager, is he here?' Beverley asked the young woman sitting in the small reception area. Through the open door she could see three youths seated in front of computers.

'We don't really have a manager; this is a cooperative organisation,' she replied. One of the youths got up from his computer and came out into reception. 'I'll deal with this Martha, you must be Beverley,' he said holding out his hand, 'I'm John; we spoke on the 'phone.'

Beverley was rather nonplussed she hadn't expected to be discussing the design of a sexual services web site with three teenagers but she followed John into the main office and was introduced to his two colleagues Fred and Simon. John explained that they were all filling in time before going up to university next year. The four of them sat round a small conference table.

'You mentioned on the 'phone that you wanted a web site to advertise your Hostess Services, what is this exactly, party catering?' Beverley considered her position; should she leave now or start talking about sexual services to lads who were practically young enough to be her grandchildren. She decided to be quite frank with them. 

'Guys the services I offer are of a sexual nature; I am, not to put too fine a point on it, a whore. However I am a very expensive whore and my website must make this very clear.' An astounded silence followed this announcement. Beverley became aware that they were looking at her body with renewed interest.

'Would you like a coffee?' John said, to break the silence. 'Martha, can you bring us some coffee.'

That sat drinking their coffee. Simon finally spoke up. 'Well, as far as I am concerned a web site is a web site and I don't see why this should be a problem. We can easily research similar sites and come up with something.'

'Yes, that's right,' Fred chipped in. He looked at Beverley. 'Have you got any material we could use?'

'Do you mean photographs?' Beverley asked. Fred nodded. 'Yes I've got loads of stuff.' She produced a bulky folder containing the photographs Gerald had taken, Marty's photos from Spain and the many lingerie shots he had taken in Cambridge. 'Look this could be embarrassing; why don't I leave the material with you to see what you can produce?' 

'There's just one other thing,' John said, he was obviously embarrassed.

'You want to know how much I charge, don't you.' John nodded. 'Well it rather depends on what I do and for how long,' Beverley responded coolly. 'It could be anything from a few hundred pounds to several thousand pounds.' They all looked suitably impressed. 

****

On Friday Beverley had her regular liaison with Brian Williams. As they had their usual pre-sex dinner, she noticed that he seem to have something on his mind. Finally he came out with it.

'Beverley, how would you feel about appearing in a pornographic film?'

'I'm not sure I could cope with that; this is quite a small provincial town we live in,' she responded.

'Yes, I know,' Brian said. 'I was not proposing to put it out on general release. I just wanted it for my own stimulation and to show a few of my friends. From what you've said from time to time, I imagine you must know a few people who would be willing to take part.'

'Well if it's just for private showing I can think of several people, my husband for a start.'

'What about Dorothy?' he suggested. 

'Oh yes, I think she could easily be persuaded, she doesn't get much regular sex in her life.'

'Do you know anyone who could operate the camera in a professional manner?' 

'Well, I know Gerald, a professional stills photographer; I could ask him to find someone, if you like. Incidentally, I think he would be quite keen to be a participant himself. Have you got someone to direct the film?' Brian shook his head. 'Again I think Gerald could help if you want a really professional job.'

****

In bed together later after a rather more energetic bout of fucking than Brian usually indulged in, he told her a little more about his plans for the porn film. The film was to be shot in his country house and grounds and possibly also at the town flat. He wanted Beverley to be the 'star' of the film and he wanted it to feature her having real sex with several men. There were to be no fake orgasms; everything had to be authentic.

As they parted Brian said he would find some suitable technicians if Beverley would undertake some preliminary soundings among her friends. She knew so many casually promiscuous people so that the role call rapidly expanded; Graham her husband, Gerald the photographer, his step daughter Linda and her mother Sylvia and of course, Dorothy. The problem was there was a shortage of men. Then she remembered Marty and wondered if he would agree to come back to the UK to take part. Beverley sent him an email explaining the limited circulation of the film and, to stimulate his interest, attached nude photos of Linda, Sylvia and Dorothy. 

****

A week after Beverley's meeting with 'Perfect Geeks' she received an email from John to which he attached some preliminary proposals for the design of her web site. As was only to be expected from pubescent youths; the design was far too explicit, lacked any subtly and also mentioned money. That was definitely out for Beverley. As far as she was concerned any man who had to ask the price couldn't afford her. John also suggested they should meet for a drink in a pub to discus what they had produced. After an exchange of telephone calls they agreed to meet the following evening at nine. She also asked them to return all her photographs although she had absolutely no doubt they had already been scanned into their computers and would no doubt be used to wank off with. She could hardly complain; exploiting men's lust was her business now.

****

When Beverley arrived at the pub the three lads were already there and already into their second drinks. They appeared rather nervous. They started with some discussion of their web site design and Beverley explained that they needed to make everything rather more subtle. There was a pause; she had the impression the lads had something else on their minds. 

'So, can I leave it with you to have another go?' Beverley said by way of concluding the meeting.

'Do you have to go right away?' John asked abruptly.

'Why, is there something else?' 

'Yes there is,' Simon said rather quickly. He looked at his companions and glanced round the bar. 'We would all like to use your services,' he said quietly.

Beverley stared at them with disbelief. .'Now come on guys, stop kidding around. Haven't you got girlfriends?' All three of them looked rather embarrassed.

'No we haven't,' Fred said.

'What about Martha?' Beverley asked,

'She's my sister,' John said.

'Look, I'm sorry guys, I've already told you; I'm a very expensive lady. Where are you going to get the money?'

'That's not a problem,' John said. My parents are away on a world cruise, I can easily raise some money by selling some of their stuff. They won't even notice it's gone.'

Beverley sipped her drink; she could see they were serious. 'So, what exactly had you in mind?'

'We'd like you to come to my parent's house one evening for a few hours.' John said.

'What do you mean by a few hours?' Beverley said suspiciously.

'Let's say two hours,' Simon interjected.

'Alright, I assume you are all virgins?' They all nodded rather sheepishly.

'It'll cost you £1000 pounds; cash in advance.' Beverley said firmly. 'You get me the money, and then we'll set a date. OK?'

****

A few days later Beverley prepared herself for an evening of initiation for her three virgins. John had been as good as his word and provided the cash requested up front. Rather than drive to the rendezvous she took a taxi from an anonymous taxi rank in the town centre. The address she had been given was in one of the very expensive suburbs of the town. She decided to get out of the taxi a few hundred yards from her destination so that no one would be aware of her imminent arrival. 

The house was located in a private road with no street lighting. As she approached the house up a long drives she noticed there were lights on in several rooms both upstairs and downstairs. Cautiously she looked through a gap in the curtains and saw the three lads chatting and drinking as they watched television. She waited to see if there was anyone else present. Once she was satisfied with the situation she retreated to a small gazebo in the garden. 

First she took off her overcoat and placed it in the small case she had brought with her. Then she removed her underwear and put it in her handbag. Her case already contained some money, her mobile 'phone and a spare dress. The short mini dress she was wearing was more suitable for an eighteen year old than a woman of her age but it showed a great deal of flesh and could be removed very easily. Virgin lads would be totally unconcerned with the finer points of seduction; her naked body would be all that interested her clients tonight. Leaving her case in the gazebo; she approached the front door and rang the bell.

John answered the door and greeted her before taking her to the sitting room where Simon and Fred were waiting. She felt their lustful eyes boring into her taking in her flimsy dress with thin shoulder straps, semi exposed breasts and revealing most of her thighs. 

She sat down in an armchair and accepted the proffered drink. When she crossed her legs, if her cunt hadn't been depilated her pubic hair would have been visible on her barely concealed crotch. She could see that all three lads had strong erections straining beneath their jeans.

'Why don't you guys undress and show me what's trying to burst out of your jeans,' she suggested to break the ice. 

Trainers, socks, jeans and T shirts flew in all directions in their eagerness to undress. It took a moment longer for them to extricate their stiff cocks from their underpants. Beverley stood up and in one quick movement stripped off her dress and stood naked before them. 

'Fucking hell!' Fred exclaimed. 'Just look at those tits!'

Beverley knelt down on the floor and beckoned the rampant youths nearer. She took Simon's cock in her right had and John's cock in her left hand and nuzzled Fred's cock between her breasts. The reaction was almost instantaneous as the three lusty lads uttered involuntary cries of ecstasy and fired fierce fusillades of fornicating fluid at her naked body. 

'Wow you guys really needed that didn't you?' Beverley said as she contemplated the rivers of semen oozing down her body. 'Is there somewhere I can take a shower?'

John took her to the foot of the wide staircase and pointed out the location of the bathroom on the landing above. She soon discovered it was fitted out to the same luxurious standard as the rest of the house with a double bath and a large walk in shower. 

As she was towelling her self dry the door opened and Martha looked in.

'Oh, its you,' Martha exclaimed, 'I wondered who it was.' She stepped into the room and closed the door. 'John told me all about you. How can you do it?'

'Do what?' Beverley responded.

'Have sex with men for money,' Martha replied.

'Are you a virgin?' Beverley asked. Martha shook her head. 'And how many boys have you had sex with?'

'Only three,' the young woman replied.

'When I was your age I was still a virgin; and I finally lost my virginity to the man I subsequently married. So you seem to be well ahead of me Martha. I was over forty before I had a lover and I've only had a total of four lovers subsequently'

'But you must have let lots of men fuck you for money,' Martha interrupted.

'Wrong again Martha; up until this evening just three men have paid me for sex. So I guess I'm going to double my tally tonight with your brother and his friends. Look Martha, I'm not recommending that you do what I do. Get your life sorted out first. I made a conscious deliberate choice to sell my body, because I want to, not because I need to, like a lot of very unfortunate women. Now I think I'd better get back to 'Perfect Geeks' and teach them how to make love to a woman properly.'

Beverley wrapped herself in a towel and headed for the stairs. The three naked youths stood below waiting for her. She cast the towel aside and descended the stairs with her breasts undulating seductively. By the time she reached the hall way all three boys were standing stiffly to attention.

Beverley sensed that Martha was watching secretly from somewhere on the landing and decided to puncture her judgemental attitude with a very blatant display of sexual availability. She spread her legs apart and bent forward resting her hands on a table so that her arse was sticking up in the air. She looked up at her reflection in the large hall mirror on the wall. 

'OK guys, come and fuck me and do it right so that you remember the very first time you had your cocks in a woman's cunt for the rest of your life. One after another the three lads thrust their pricks into her wide open vagina. Again the extreme sexual stimulation of the unique situation caused uncontrollable excitement and less than ten minutes later all three had discharged themselves once more. 

Beverley immediately sent them all off to take a shower and returned alone to the sitting room. She glanced at her watch. An hour had already passed since her arrival. Beverley calculated that each of them would probably want two more ejaculations over the course of the next hour. She would allow them one more vaginal penetration each and would also offer to suck them off. Beverley stretched out on a large settee in a seductive pose and waited for the boys to return.

Beverley was wakened from a light doze by Simon who was gently fingering her cunt while his two friends looked on curiously. She opened her legs wide so that they could fully observe the state of her sexual arousal. While she didn't expect to have an orgasm she was enjoying displaying herself to her very curious companions. 

'So what's next guys; do you want to fuck me or would you like me to suck you off?' She decided not to offer them her bum; they were virgins after all.

Presented with such a delicious range of sexual options the lads were temporarily tongue tied. Beverley sat up on the couch and knelt down on the floor in front of Simon. She licked his shaft thoroughly before closing her lips round his cock and taking four inches into her mouth. Simon immediately attempted to fuck her mouth by moving his cock in and out. Beverley stopped and drew back. 

'No Simon,' she instructed, 'leave the stimulation to me.' Beverley resumed sucking Simon's cock while John and Fred looked on with considerable interest. They had seen pornographic images of men being sucked off before, but this was the real thing. Beverley's seductive oral caresses soon worked Simon to an orgasmic climax and, feeling it would be inappropriate to cum in Beverley's mouth, he withdrew with a groan of pleasure and painted her face with his sticky ejaculation.

'Get me a tissue,' Beverley ordered half blinded by Simon's emission. When she had mopped up Simon's semen she explained that there was no need to withdraw when being sucked off. A woman will either swallow the cum or spit it out into a tissue. 

Fred was the next candidate for fellatio and he duly ejaculated into Beverley's mouth. She opened her mouth to show the white contents before spitting it out into a tissue. When it was Johns turn, she simply swallowed his cum. Beverley thought it appropriate to warn them that while a prostitutes will suck off a man and swallow his cum not all women are prepared to do so.

****

Beverley felt rather pleased with herself as she lay soaking in the large bathtub. She had delivered a master class in fornication to her three young students while limiting them to just one penetration each. It could all so easily have turned into a wild orgy of repetitive fucking. There was a knock on the bathroom door and Martha poked her head in.

'Can I come in,' she asked.

'Well it's your house so you can do what you like.' Beverley replied. Martha came in and locked the door.

'I'm sorry I was such a bitch earlier,' she said apologetically.

'No apology necessary,' Beverley said with a smile. 'I'm hardly the greatest roll model for women am I? Why don't you come and join me in the bath and we can have some intimate girl talk.'

To be continued. 2950 words