 This happened a few years ago in Sussex, England. Can't say where because I'd hate for the people involved to be recognised. 

A friend of mine owns a vintage bus. Previously owned by a local company, it is an open topped double decker that he absolutely fawns over and he always keeps it in pristine condition, attending as many bus rallies and gatherings as he can with it. As I worked in the industry as well he often invites me along to act as his conductor, answering questions about his vehicle and, if he took it out to carry passengers, make sure they were safe. The days usually involve riding around on his bus and then sitting in a field full of buses, old and new, from around the country. 

This particular rally was well attended, with about 40 buses lined up around a field. The sun was shining on the gathered throngs, mainly gentlemen of a certain age looking over the vehicles, taking photos and chatting about "back in the day" journeys they remembered on the buses. 

After looking through the stalls and at some of the vehicles in attendance, it was time for us to go out offering rides between the site and the nearest station, situated a few miles away. I assumed my normal role, answering questions from curious enthusiasts about the vehicle, or about timings of the journeys, etc. After a couple of hours it was time for us to rejoin the field. I was looking forward to a quiet Sunday afternoon spent upstairs on the bus in the sunshine whilst my friend went off with his other enthusiast friends, trying to blag a drive of their vehicles as he always did! I was looking forward to a relaxing afternoon as we reversed into our parking space. 

"Oh, is that it?" came a voice from upstairs as my friend killed the engine. 

I hadn't checked the top deck, just assumed everyone had got off as was usually the case. 

I climbed the stairs and stuck my head over the rail. 

"Yes, sorry. I should have said". 

I looked down the top deck and saw a couple standing at the back of the bus as if to get off. Mid 40's, he was a stereotypical bus enthusiast wearing black shorts, sandals a "British Leyland" T-shirt and a baseball cap with a local bus operator name on the front. 

His partner clearly did not share his transport enthusiasm, rather tagging along to keep him happy. Again, mid forties, with long bright red-dyed hair, piercing blue eyes and one of those faces that always looks like she is smiling. I couldn't help sneaking a glance at her from behind my sun glasses, running my eyes down her body. Her hair was tied back in a pony tail, her v-neck top and heart necklace pointing to the top of her cleavage just visible at the "v" of her top. Her chest ballooned below this, very ample breasts stretching the material of her top before tapering back into her waist which, despite a few extra pounds, would not look unacceptable on a woman half her age. Hips tapering into her thighs, but being lost in the flow of her long summer skirt. 

"That's a shame", she said. "I was hoping I had another trip to top up my tan and eat lunch." 

She laughed along with her partner. 

"Oh, well, if you only want a tan then feel free" I said. "I don't mind if you stay up here. It's not like we're going anywhere." 

"That's very nice of you, thank you. Are we alright to eat our lunch on here as well?" asked her companion. 

I knew my friend wouldn't mind and, having seen the site already, I had no intention of leaving the bus so they wouldn't be alone. 

"Fine". I said ducking back down the stairs. 

My friend said his goodbyes and arranged a time to meet back at the bus and, as he wandered off across the field towards the many stalls, I drew the bolts on the door so I wouldn't be disturbed. There were information cards in the windows, they must read those if the enthusiasts wanted to know more. A dead iPhone confirmed that it would be a very quiet afternoon so I grabbed the sandwiches I had brought for lunch and headed for the top deck intending to make the most of the summer sun. 

"Mind if I join you?" I asked as I reached the top of the stairs. 

"No, feel free" came the response. 

I sat down and started eating my lunch. As we chatted, I discovered that Richard and his partner Angela (or Rich and Anj for short) were on holiday, visiting from a small town in Norfolk. As I suspected, Richard was the bus enthusiast and Angela his long suffering partner! 

After discussing the vehicles in attendance with Richard, my conversation turned to Angela. She worked in a bank and had been with Richard for about 3 years after a failed marriage. I was struck by how sweet she was - her smile always present and her blue eyes sparkled behind her glasses. She was easy to talk to, very cheeky and perhaps rather flirty. As conversation turned back to RIchard, she finished her lunch and stretched, her arms reaching for the sky pulling her top up slightly. I couldn't help watching as it rode up almost to her navel revealing the creamy smooth skin of her lower belly. I was struck by the contrast of her skin colour between her stomach and shoulders which had been exposed to the sun. She looked like she was in danger of getting badly sunburned. 

"Ouch! That looks sore Anj" I said. "You look like you've caught the sun quite badly". 

She looked down at her shoulders and pulled the top of her shirt down, exposing more of her cleavage. I couldn't help but stare at her chest as more of the pale skin on top of her breasts came into view. 

"Hmm? Oh, that's not good," she said. "Look, Rich, I've got a tan line." 

She turned slightly to Richard, her hands hooked over the neckline of her V-neck pulling the top down exposing more cleavage. I could feel my cock stirring as she exposed more of her large chest.

"It looks painful," I said. 

She feigned indignance and haughtily pulled her top back up again. "You shouldn't be looking!" she exclaimed with a wink

"Well, no point me suggesting to sunbathe topless to even out your tan then!" I retorted. 

Richard and Anj laughed. 

"Oi, cheeky!" she retorted. "Do you say that to all the girls who get on your bus?" 

"Only the ones with something worth tanning", I replied. 

Conversation turned back to the buses around us. It was very secluded, the field being large and not overlooked. All the buses in our row were closed single deckers and we felt like lords of the realm sitting atop our open decker in the sunshine. 

Rich stood up to take some photographs over the side of the bus looking over the event field. Anj moved to push him over as a joke. 

I laughed. "Go on, I dare you." 

She laughed back. "Oh, don't say that or I will. I've never been known to refuse a dare". 

Rich and her were laughing. 

"Really?" I asked. 

"Really." She said. 

Rich looked at the smirk on my face and laughed. "You could be in trouble here love" he chuckled. 

"Anj," I said, "I dare you to sunbathe topless on my bus". 

She laughed. "Far too cheeky this one, Rich". 

"Well?" I retorted. "I thought you never refused a dare?" 

Anj looked shell shocked and Rich laughed. 

"What did I tell you? Trouble."

She shot him a look and he laughed again. 

"Well? Go on. Don't let me stop you. In fact, I dare you myself." 

Angela's jaw dropped and she stared at him, a smile brewing in the corner of her outraged face. 

"You mean you'd be happy just sitting there whilst a stranger watches me sunbathe?"

"Not saying a word, other than I double dare you". 

It appeared that her lover would be happy with that, and who was I to complain? 

Anj flushed. 

"Fine", she said and moved to the middle of the back seat, scooting down low so that nobody off the bus could see. 

"I can't believe I'm doing this!" 

She grasped the bottom of her V-neck top and pulled it over her head revealing a very full sheer white bra with her breasts spilling over the top. She looked away from me as she reached behind her back and, after a pause, unclipped her bra. Her breasts sprang forward as she released the tension in her underwear and she pulled the straps off her shoulders revealing huge pink nipples a few shades darker than her skin. Areola the size of dinner plates crinkled as the slight breeze hit them and I watched her thimble sized nipples visible harden. 

I couldn't move, just staring transfixed at her amazing breasts. After a few moments, she looked back at me and started to giggle. 

"If you could see your faces right now". Her breasts shook as she laughed at Richard and I who were both staring open mouthed at her. 

"You like what you see then, I take it?" She nodded at Richard's groin and it was his turn to laugh nervously and shift slightly in his seat to try and hide the lump in his trousers. 

"What about our conductor? What does he think?" I made no effort to hide the erection swelling under my trousers wanting to know where this would lead to. 

"Heavenly" I said and she laughed again, folding her arms under her chest and lifting them up from her stomach. 

"Really?" she asked. "Come on then. Your turn.". 

"Oh, you don't want to see my boobs" I chuckled. 

"Too right I don't," she retorted. "I want to see what's making your trousers stick out like that". 

I stood up and walked to the back of the bus, sitting down next to her. She moved away slightly, a little unsure. 

"Help yourself" I said, leaning back and sticking my crotch out. 

I don't think she was expecting this and was a little taken aback. She looked at Richard, a little unsurely, almost like asking his opinion. 

I pretended to look at the floor and the growing lump in my trousers, but behind my sunglasses I kept my eyes on his face. He nodded slightly, almost imperceptibly and I saw his hand move to his own groin. His shoulder started to move rhythmically. I knew that, behind the shielded view of the seat back he was stroking his cock watching his partner and me. 

Anj put her hand on my leg, stroking her long nails upwards gently until she reached my fly. My cock twitched as she pulled the zip slowly down and reached in. Her hand grasped my shaft and she squeezed gently a few times before pulling her hand through the gap in my trousers. My cock stood proud in her cool hand and, as she gently squeezed, a small drop of pre-cum oozed from the top and glistened in the sun. She ran her long fingernail through it, tracing patterns on the swollen red head of my cock. 

She seemed almost hypnotised by my cock in her hand, looking at it protruding from her fist as her index finger traced around the end. I reached over with my left hand and gently squeezed her breast. She caught her breath and I noticed her tense up, however she didn't stop me. I slid my hand across her breast, catching her nipple between my thumb and index finger and squeezing gently. She looked over at Richard who was staring transfixed at us, his rhythmic shoulder movement still betraying his enjoyment of the situation.

I squeezed her nipple again, gently rolling it between my finger and thumb. Her eyes closed and she caught her lip between her teeth. 

"That feels nice" she whispered. 

Her grip around my cock tightened and she started sliding her fist up and down the shaft, slowly at first, but gathering speed. I was pretty much powerless to stop my hips pushing back to meet her strokes. I could feel the blood coursing through my veins faster at her touch and was desperate to see how far this was going to go. 

I moved my hand from her breast and over her skirt until my fingers stroked her thigh. I slid my hands down to her knee and caught the soft flowing material between my fingers and pulled it slowly up towards her waist. Her knees were exposed beneath her skirt now and I slid my hand back down, tracing my fingers softly over the bare skin on her legs. She looked over at Richard again and, still squatting, he moved from his seat to kneel on the floor in the gangway in front of us. I was right. His hand grasped his hard cock and he was stroking it watching what was happening between Anj and I. 

I ran my hands in a circular motion on her bare skin, each time pushing her skirt back towards her body a little bit further until I grazed the leg of her knickers. Her breathing was heavy and she kept her eyes transfixed on Richard. Her hand on my cock slowed until it was hardly moving. I traced the line of her underwear at the top of her leg and she whimpered slightly, parting her legs as I brushed the area of her knickers below her stomach. 

I could feel her hair curled beneath the front panel of her knickers and I took some time stroking this area through the lacy material. I could feel her breathing increase in rate at my touch until, after a few moments, I slipped a finger between her now wide open legs. The material was damp and slightly sticky as I traced the line of her lips through her underwear, softly at first, but then firmer as I felt her respond to my touch. I could feel the little bump of her clitoris at the top of her lips and loved feeling her jump and gasp slightly as I touched it. 

Her hips were grinding against my hand as I stroked her, her breathing heavy. Her large breasts were rising and falling with her breathing and I could control myself no more. Pulling the gusset of her knickers to one side, I pushed my finger between her lips feeling her warm thick juices coating my finger as it slipped between her lips. 

She gasped and, as I stroked down with my finger, I applied a little more pressure and felt her open around me, her warmth enveloping my finger as I pushed it into her. 

"Wait"... she said reaching down and pulling my hand away from her. 

She arched her back and slid her knickers from her body, tossing them towards Rich. 

She looked him in the eye as she sat back down again and pulled her legs wide apart, her skirt around her waist. 

"Are you watching, Rich?" She asked with a cheeky smile. 

"Uh-huh" he managed to answer. 

I looked down at her next to me on the seat. Brown, curly hair covered her pubic bone and down her lips which were parted slightly, a glistening pink slit nestling in a bed of curls. I kissed her, our tongues playing over and over each other as my fingers again found their way between her legs again. She moaned at my touch and I slid my middle finger inside her once more. I felt the tiny ring of her cervix and, turning my hand over so that it was palm up, I pulled out of her again, my fingertip running along the rough bumpy surface behind her clitoris. I gently massaged this area, slipping my finger in and out and felt it respond to my touch, gradually swelling as I stroked her. Her kissing became more passionate and her hand found my rock hard cock again, stroking desperately. 

My finger worked faster stroking just inside her, loving the effect that this was having on her. Her hand was almost out of control, roughly manipulating my cock and she pulled me close to her, kissing me wildly. She suddenly broke away, gasping for breath and arching her back, grabbing her nipples with one hand and almost pulling my cock off with the other as I felt her muscles contract so hard that she pushed my finger out of her body. I sat back, looking down between her legs and smiled. A wet streak was off the seat and across the floor, almost reaching Rich who sat trembling, stroking his cock looking at Anj on the back seat of the bus as she got her breath back. Her breasts heaved as she composed herself, her hair dark with sweat as she sat back. 

"Wow, " was all she managed before I knelt in front of her, spreading her legs apart and pulling her hips to my face. 

My tongue parted her lips, savouring the tangy sweet taste of her as I fought through the hair to part her lips once again. I pushed two fingers inside her again, my tongue gently flicking her clit as my fingers soaked in the mix of her juices and my saliva. She held the back of my head, her hips grinding against me as I tongued her. Pushing my luck, I allowed one finger to slip out of her and down between her legs, gently teasing against the puckered, tight little hole below my chin. With a little pressure, my sodden finger slipped inside her. I twisted my fingers so that they could touch through the thin wall separating them. 

She was breathing hard, grinding against me and grabbing both breasts with her hands as I played with her. I felt her legs trembling, her breathing coming in small gasps and then another orgasm hit her hard, both my fingers being tightly squeezed rhythmically as all the muscles around her sphincter tightened and relaxed. Her face was red with her orgasm and the sun. She was still breathing heavily, her skin flushed red across her chest. She leaned forward, then shuffled across the floor on her stomach until her head was level with Rich's cock. She turned on her back and the head of his shaft vanished between her lips as she swallowed him whole. 

I undid my belt and trousers, slipping them down to my ankles along with my boxer shorts. Anj knew what was coming and opened her legs as far as she could. I laid on top of her, positioning my cock between the curls of hair between her legs and gently pushed forward. I felt the soaking ring of warmth caress my cock as I pushed inside her until my balls rested against her buttocks before pulling out again, building up a rhythm. She moved her hips to match my thrusts. 

"Mmmm, Rich look," she said, pulling his cock from her mouth, " Look how deep his cock is inside me." 

He leaned over closer to her and she spread her lips so he could see my cock clearly inside his lover. She was still stroking him, kissing the head of his cock as she did so. He gasped and, with his eyes fixed firmly on my cock slipping in and out of her, started to cum. The first ribbon of semen shot across her face before she had chance to envelop the head of his cock again, and it stayed there for the duration of his orgasm. I watched her throat moving as her tongue expertly cleaned his cock, drinking all that he had to give her. 

It was then that I felt a familiar tingle. I was powerless to stop my breathing intensifying; the tingle behind my balls was becoming too much to bear and, after a few more thrusts, I pounded into Anj as hard and deep as I could. My muscles contracted fit to burst as I pumped every last ounce of semen deep inside her. I looked into her eyes and she smiled at me before turning to her partner again. 

"Rich?"

"Yes". 

"It's a good thing I took my pill this morning. I think I'm rather full"

I pulled out with an apology which Anj waved away. 

"It's fine, don't worry. I should have said, there are condoms in my bag but I got rather carried away in the moment." 

We cleaned ourselves up, dressed and, after letting them off the bus, I watched them walk away arm in arm across the event field. Never seen them since, but I make sure I go to plenty of bus rallies with my friend!!