 "It hurts right here." The little boy pointed stubbornly to his elbow and scowled up at his mom in a display of theatrical angst.

With a wry smile, Dr. Alina Martinez checked again one last time. "Billy, I'm telling you there is absolutely nothing wrong with your elbow. You don't even have a bruise there. I'm sure you've had fun today on your trip to the hospital with your mom, but I think the game is up."

"Are you completely sure," the mother squinted dubiously at her name badge, "Ms Martinez? Maybe if someone more experienced took a look at it... I just want to be sure, you know..."

"Mrs. Johannes, I might not look it, but I'm actually experienced enough to tell the difference between someone with a real ailment and someone who is trying to put one on. You've obviously promised him a trip to the toy store after this appointment, or some other little treat? Perhaps you've offered it every time he has to go to the hospital. However, that just teaches him that if he lies and says he got hurt, he may get a reward out of it."

Mrs Johannes shot her son a quick glance; he made a big show out of looking innocent and distracted. With an annoyed huff, she pulled her son off the examining table. Surprise, surprise, the elbow didn't give him a bit of trouble. 

"Are we leaving Mommy?" Bobby asked, distractedly.

"Of course, sweetheart; we'll find another doctor to check out your arm."

"Another doctor?" Bobby whined. "Can we go to the candy store first? I really want some candy!"

She stopped and knelt down to look into her son's eyes. "What did you just say, Steven?"

"I want a lolly. You promised if--,"

"I did no such thing!"

Smirking, Alina reached into a cabinet and pulled out one of the sweet and sour lollipops that she had stashed away for an occasion such as this. "Bobby, please be honest with me. How does your arm really feel?"

Eyeing the treat, the little boy weighed his options. With a sigh, he grabbed it from Alina. "It's fine; can we go now?" He popped the lollipop into his mouth, wrapper and all; his mother followed him out. At the door, she shot Alina a sheepish smile. Alina smiled faintly back.

Alina readied the exam room for her next patient. It had been a busy day, but seeing as it was almost time to go she figured she'd have just enough time for this last one before she was off. She had promised to meet Dominic and Margaret at their local bar after they all got off work. It had been a while since they had all gotten together. As she did so, she noticed that there was a purse sitting on the table next to the exam bed; was it Mrs. Johannes, or could it be from another, earlier patient? She'd have to turn it into the front desk.

A noise from behind startled her. Turning, she locked eyes with her next patient.

Shit.

"Why, Allie, we meet again," he drawled, although she noticed that his face seemed to first flush and then drain of all color. "And I can see that you've blossomed from the rather awkward stage you used to be in? Or maybe it's just this ailment that I have. It tends to make me ignore the faults of others."

It had been 5 years since she had last seen Michael Harrington, and somehow he could make her blood boil with aggravation with just a few words. They had first met in undergrad; she was a first generation college student, a real striver and a climber. He was the third son of a rich family, only in school to waste some time, pretending to be independent men while frittering away Daddy's money. They had quickly fell into an unlikely rivalry, one that was sparked at least as much by physical attraction as by intellectual ambition. Michael was a archetypal patrician, tall, handsome, and square jawed with a close-cropped shock of white-blonde hair. The exact opposite, in many ways, of the short, slight Alina, with toffee-colored skin and thick, unruly black hair. 

"What are you doing here?" Alina asked coolly, reaching for his chart. 

"Isn't it obvious, Allie? I'd think that even you could see my... 'condition'."

Quizzically, she gave him a once-over. Nothing seemed to be bleeding profusely. All his limbs were intact. He didn't seem anywhere near the verge of death... 

"No, I'm sorry Michael, but I seem to be missing whatever little thing is bothering you..." she trailed off. Her eyes had landed on his lap for a moment. The bulge there was unmistakable. She rolled her eyes. "Michael, do you have an erection? God, it is just like you to come in here with that to try and fluster whoever sees you. Luckily I could care less about you," she hurriedly filled out a release form, "Here, just drop this off at the front desk on your way out. Have a good day."

"No!" he cried. "Honestly, Allie, it's nothing like that." She eyed him dubiously, searching his face for a telltale smirk. "Look, last night I was with Nancy -- you remember Nancy, from organic chemistry, and well... I just couldn't get it to go away. At first it was sort of fun, you know? I mean, what man wouldn't like to go at it all night long?" He grinned suggestively. "But now, it's starting to hurt, Allie. Could you please just take a look?"

She couldn't believe what she was about to say. This couldn't be happening. 

"Michael, just drop your pants." She shuddered a bit. This was the guy who had tormented her and her friends, an arrogant son of a bitch in the most literal sense of the word who never took anything seriously and dogged her throughout their school days.

As he pulled at the buckle, he watched her. She tried not to react, not to blush, not to get flustered at the sight of Michael Harrington's cock but there it was. His cock was ridiculously erect, and she could see that he'd also sustained some chafing from the previous night's vigorous screw-fest with Nancy.

"I'm going to have to examine it a bit closer, you know," she said hesitantly, more to herself than to him

"Well come closer then," he growled. "I'm obviously not going to hurt you, especially not with the vulnerable state I'm in..."

Placing her hands inches away from his penis, she stared down between his legs. She could smell his cologne at this close distance; it was making her a bit dizzy. She knew that she shouldn't be attracted to him in the slightest, but something about seeing Michael Harrington this vulnerable and the fact that he needed her help was arousing to her -- no, not arousing. Interesting. It had been quite some time since she'd been this close to a man's cock. She had broken up with her ex-boyfriend Jason all the way back in December. It was too bad this was strictly a medical setting.

"Hmm, that's really weird. I can't tell what could cause this? You didn't take any little blue pills, did you?"

"No! I don't need any kind of help in the bedroom." He said. 

"And no... 'party drugs'?"

"Of course n--," He began vociferously, then paused. "Well, I did take some glitter..."

Allie looked up with a start. "You're not talking about novaneva primadene, are you?" 'Glitter' was the new party drug that was all the rage in their own; it was made of a synthetic extract and was supposed to be able to boost stamina, act as a natural pheromone, and all sorts of other implausible claims. She'd seen three patients in the last nine months with various side effects ranging from swelling on the face and chest to a full-fledged allergic reaction. She was surprised it hadn't been banned yet. "That stuff's toxic! Where'd you get it?"

Michael smirked despite himself. "From one of my friends. She promised that it'd make the sex mind-blowing..."

"Well, she's right." Alina said soberly. "If we don't get the inflammation down, the blood vessels will constrict and you'll definitely blow something, and not in a good way..."

Michael's eyes widened at that. "Please, Alina, tell me you can reverse it. If I come home with this thing and Nancy finds out I'm fucked, and not literally. I mean, if it were literally I wouldn't be complaining now, would I?"

Alina reached into the drawer and pulled out a pill. Handing it to Michael, she also rummaged around for something else. "Take that pill, Michael, and it should fix everything. It looks like we've caught it before it needed anything drastic done."

"Well then what else are you looking for?" he glared suspiciously.

"This!" Triumphantly, she hold up a tube of some sort of cream. "Now, I'm just going to apply this to the areas where you've experienced chafing.

"So... you're going to give me a hand job?"

"Come off it Michael," she glared. "I'm you doctor. I'm not signing your release forms until you let me apply this salve." She twisted off the cap and squirted a bit of the rather creamy substance into her palm. She paused just as her hand brushed his shaft. Was this really appropriate? Maybe she should just give the cream to him... but no. This was for the years of abuse at his hands. Now his most precious parts were in her palm, and there was nothing he could do about it.

She rubbed the cream up and down, gently caressing it and working it into the tender skin. He moaned, and she glanced up.

"Are you ok?" she asked, concerned. "Your erection doesn't seem to be going down at all; if you'd like I could call down one of the senior medics--,"

"Seriously?" He asked incredulously. You're jerking me off and you're surprised that I'm still hard? You're standing there, in a pretty sexy set of scrubs, and you're asking me if I'd like a senior medic to come down? For someone who got such good grades back in school, you really aren't the brightest girl I've seen when it comes to sex or the male anatomy."

Alina's face turned bright red. "I'm sorry, Michael, I didn't think... here. Let me just wash off my hands and I'll be going."

Her sentence was stopped by the sudden force of lips on hers. He pulled her closer, his head arching down to meet hers. Pushing her back against the exam table, he began to caress her breasts through the rather coarse cloth of her uniform. His tongue parted her lips, delving in and meeting hers with a passion she'd never known before. Her mind flickered to the thought that they were in the hospital; any moment someone could come through those doors, could hear her moans as Michael examined her body.

"Michael," she whispered, coming up for air, "What about--?"

"You looked the door, remember?" He said. She didn't remember actually doing that, but...

Sitting on the table, she wrapped her legs around his waist. She reached down to the bottom of his shirt, pulling it off over his head. He sucked at her collarbone, making her wild. She needed him to touch her, closer, with nothing in between. They both worked at the small buttons of her blouse as though it couldn't come off fast enough. Her lace bra was quickly unhooked by Michael's expert hands. 

"I'm an professional too," he grinned, sucking on her nipple with his tongue. She gasped at the sensation of him seeing her most private parts, then gave in to the moment. She grabbed his hands and placed them on her breasts, forcing him to squeeze and release them. He pulled one of his hands away and pulled up her skirt. Pushing her thong to the side, she felt his fingers slide in and out of her well lubricated cunt. His knuckle brushed her clit, making her moan into his ear as she pulled him closer. Her sighs were getting faster, and she realized that Michael wasn't receiving the same attention. Pulling him up on the table, she pushed him onto his back. 

"Thank God that salve hasn't started working yet!" she gasped, need coursing through her body. She circled his cock with her hands, splaying her fingers along the length. She gave a little lick at the tip and giggled at how high he jumped from that one sensation. Each path she traced with her tongue got longer and longer, until she had him in her mouth. He moved in and out with such urgency that she was afraid he was going to cum too soon.

She let him go, and heard a gasp of disappointment from him. 

"Don't worry, I've got something better in store," Alina smiled. She crept up on her hands and knees along the small table, being careful not to fall. She pulled her thong down and lifted her skirt to reveal herself to him. His eyes widened at the sight of Alina showing her depths to him as though it was nothing. Placing one knee on either side of his hipbone, she once again grasped his cock in her hands, but this time she positioned herself directly above and slowly placed herself upon him. His eyes rolled back into his head as he fought to regain control. Once she was sure he was going to last a bit longer, she slowly moved up and down, watching as the changes in rhythm changed his response. He moved his hands down so that he could rub her as she rode him, and Alina moved faster and harder with his massage to her clit. She gasped as she felt her orgasm come and her muscles spasm at the sensation of it all. Michael reared wildly and poured himself into her, and she collapsed with her head on his stomach. She could still feel him inside her, and she moved off to make him more comfortable. The paper that covered it had been torn to shreds; the fluids and sweat coated the table. Their clothes lay every which way on the floor, and the purse that had been lying next to the exam room table had been knocked onto the floor.

Alina grabbed her bra off the chair in the corner of the room where it had been tossed and went to hook it herself. To her surprise, Michael was up and willing to help her redress.

"I didn't see you as the 'let me help you with your things' type of guy," she quipped, pulling her hair up so that he could see the clasps properly. 

"I didn't see you as the 'let me ride you in my exam room' type of girl," he retorted. 

"I suppose we both have some surprises up our sleeves, then? How's your erection? Has the medicine worked?"

"As well as can be hoped when I'm in a room with you," he laughed, pulling up his pants over his already hardening cock. "I suppose I'll have to make do with Nancy... and Becky... and Jessica..."

Alina shot him and amused glare, and he zipped his lips.

She wrapped his belt back around his waist, tightening it slowly. She let her hands brush his fly, lingering on the zipper there. Then, with a casual saunter, she strode towards the exam room door and opened it -- only to see Mrs. Johannes standing there.

"I... I... " The woman murmured awkwardly, her eyes flickering back from Michael, his belt still unbuckled, and Alina. "I... forgot my purse..."