 She had stopped loving him so long ago, she didn't know exactly when it happened. One day, she looked up from her oatmeal, and saw his face. The lines that had formed, the distant expression as he read the paper, and realized that he had become someone she didn't recognize. But, it wasn't just that. He no longer held any interest for her. She could, if she tried, find fault with everything he did. She wanted to get out, but she didn't know how.

They drove to the party in silence, the cold leather of the BMW feeling good on the warm summer night. It was his father's birthday and they were going to their huge house to celebrate. Once they arrived, he would disappear into the smoky den, to talk politics and finance with his father's rich cronies. She would wander around talking to no one, drinking and sneaking cigarettes on the balcony. Everyone else would smoke in the house, but he disapproved of her smoking, especially in front of his parents. 

Out in the night air, she breathed deep the scent of the flowers in their lush garden. The moist wind reminded her of her carefree days after school let out, playing outside until the sun disappeared. She lit her cigarette, letting the smoke fill her tight lungs. She exhaled, and looked over the balcony. She looked at the stone that surrounded the border. Grey marble, carved with patterns and shapes. The railing was wide, and she noted that her torso would probably fit over it nicely. She leaned onto the cold stone, just a bit a first, then further. She was right, it allowed her head to rest beyond it's border and her feet barely to reach the concrete below. 

She leaned further over the balcony rail, hesitating for a moment, before lifting off her feet, her hands gripping the edge tightly. She let herself dangle there, all her weight forward. The feeling made her tingle, with a mixture of fear and excitement. Leaning just a bit further, she dangled her head, feet off the ground, the cigarette falling into the shrubs below. 

"What are you doing?" She heard the voice behind her, making her head snap up and landing her feet back on the floor.

"Nothing." Looking at him in the dim light, she saw his telltale black vest, signifying that he was a waiter. His hand moved to his mouth, as he inhaled his own cigarette.

"Shouldn't you be inside? Don't you have to mingle, or something?"

"What about you, don't you have a job to do tonight?"

"I just needed a break, I wasn't expecting company out here."

"Sorry to disappoint you."

"Oh, you haven't." He inhaled deeply and blew smoke in her direction. She stepped closer still, noticing his broad shoulders, his large hands.

"I've seen you here before, you know, at other parties."

"Funny, I don't remember seeing you. I must not be spending enough time out here. Who are you hiding from anyway, your husband?" 

"Fiancé."

"Oh, sorry." He smirked in the dark. "He must be a real catch."

"Well, no, but he's rich."

He cracked a smile, and laughed at her admission.

"I can't believe I said that. I shouldn't have said that."

"Why not?"

"Because it's terrible."

"I don't know, not if it's true. Is it?"

She didn't know how to answer. He took another drag of his cigarette. His eyes looked at her expectantly.

"So, does he know what you do out here?"

"I don't think he cares what I do out here. I could do anything."

"Really, is that a fact?"

"Yes, it is."

"Interesting."

He just stood there, staring at her. At that moment, she felt her face go hot, and he took a step closer to her. He smiled again. He closed the small gap between them, eyeing her up and down, holding a cigarette between his fingers. She took it without thinking, and he raised a lighter towards her. She guided his hand gently with hers, and deeply inhaled. Just touching him caused an electric current to run through her. It felt foreign and strange after months of dormancy. 

Close up, she saw his face more clearly, with it's deep green eyes and slightly crooked smile. He stood just a bit too close, waiting for her to retreat. She didn't. Their combined smoke pooled around them, as the sounds from inside faded and grew. She thought of asking his name, but didn't really care. He didn't ask for her's. 

As she finished a long drag of her cigarette, she took it from between her lips, and threw it over the edge. She wanted to watch it fall, but resisted looking away from his intense gaze. He threw his over to join it, and he ran his hand over the side of her face, gently brushing hair aside. The next few moments ticked by at a snail's pace. She waited for him to nudge them over the edge. Behind them, she heard the first words of Happy Birthday echoing through the room. She knew she should go inside, do the right thing. But as she turned, he grabbed her wrist. 

He pulled her against him, his fingers digging slightly into her back. Their faces almost touched, and she was unsure of what to do next. Making up her mind for her, he kissed her, plunging his tongue into her mouth. It felt more right than anything had in months, maybe years. His teeth caught her bottom lip, and he tugged gently before covering her mouth again. His fingers traced down her neck to her collarbone, his fingers glancing under the fabric of her dress. Pressing her against the facade of the house, he ran his hands into her bra, pinching her nipples between his fingers. 

His breath tasted of smoke and scotch, just like her fiancé's would after a long night in the den. But somehow, this was different. Giving herself over to the moment, she realized she wanted more. She freed her mouth from his, and tasted his neck with her tongue, biting the soft flesh between her teeth. 

He reached down and lifted the hem of her skirt. He slid her panties down to her knees, and she moaned as his fingers touched her softly between her legs. He smiled when he found her wet and her own heat overwhelmed her. It was as if he had unlocked her cage, and set her free. He held her and continued stroking, her hips bucking along with his rhythm. The balcony door was open, but she didn't bother to muffle her cries of pleasure. She almost willed someone to come out on the balcony and find her. 

She whimpered when he removed his hand from her moist pussy. He put his two wet fingers up to her lips, and she stuck out her tongue to taste herself on his skin. Her fingers pulled at his zipper, as if they were controlled by someone else.

Turning her around, he pushed her onto the balcony's cool stone rail. He nudged her forward until her head hung heavy at the edge. She was barely standing. He knelt down behind her, and ran his tongue over her wet lips, spreading her wide with his long fingers. He teased her clit with his fingertip, as he speared her pussy with his tongue. She looked down over the edge, and allowed his mouth to devour her, until she felt her knees begin to weaken. Before she lost her footing, he stood up, and grabbed her by both hips, rubbing the tip of his cock over her wetness.

Entering her gently at first, his teasing strokes caused her to push back against him, her cunt anxious for him. But, soon, he was pounding harder, deeper. He grabbed both of her hands roughly, and pulled them behind her back. His hips surged her body forward on the balcony rail, and her feet came off the ground, high heels dangling from her toes. Her hands were tense in his hands, she gripped onto him furiously. Her fear started battling her pleasure for her brain's attention. He pushed into her deeper, her body moving further over the rail. Swirling his hips, her pussy swallowed him hungrily. She wanted more of him, but she couldn't move. He had her suspended. 

He fucked her slower, slower, easing himself and her forward inch by inch. Her body felt out of control, his cock barely leaving her cunt before plunging back inside. 

Slowly, he pulled his cock from inside her pussy and she felt his grip loosen on her hands. She clawed at him, digging her nails into his soft flesh. He seemed to be letting go. Just as the thought crashed through her mind, he pumped his cock inside her again and again, her hands slipping a little. Her thighs tightened, trying to keep her steady. A scream started to form in her throat. She teetered on the brink, staring down into the darkness below, paralyzed. Seconds passed by slowly, as she felt herself inching towards the ground. 

Suddenly, he pulled her back hard onto his cock, releasing her hands, her toes touching cool cement. Pleasure ripped through her, and his hand clamped over her mouth to keep her quiet. She rode back against him, the waves of ecstacy and adrenalin rushing together like a tide. Shuddering, she felt the convulsions deep inside her pussy. Biting into his palm, she shook and rocked as he violently fucked her through her orgasm. He had started her revolution, her liberation. She felt him slow down his pace. His cock tightened, and with one last push, he broke, shooting cum deep inside her. Slowly, she realized she was back on the balcony, her shoes by her feet, her body safely where it belonged. 

Straightening up, she felt her heart pound in her chest. She heard his zipper and she turned and saw him walk back into the party. She had not felt this much of anything in so long. Her panties lay next to her feet, and she looked at them for a long minute. Lighting another cigarette, she glanced at them one last time before turning and walking off the balcony.