 Copyright May 2011 John Carter

This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to any person or persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.


Meredith was sitting so close that Jordan could smell the conditioner she had used that morning. The scent stuck in his nose like cotton. He loved that smell. It reminded him of when he was a child and his mother would hold him after a nightmare, caressing his face and rocking him back to sleep.

Her leg pressed against his, the contact sending electrical pulses throughout his midsection. Her breast rested on his arm as she leaned over him, studying the pictures in the photography book that Jordan was grasping. He wondered if she even noticed that it was there.

Every night, since meeting Meredith two months prior, Jordan had pleasured himself to the thought of having her body pressed against his. He imagined her breasts, not resting on his arms, but pressed firmly against his chest as he kissed her deeply, holding her tightly. He imagined her grinding against his cock as she rode him to ecstasy. He imagined her bent over in front of him as his hands guided her hips, her pussy filled completely by his thickness, away from him then towards him.

He wondered if she knew how much he wanted her and what she would think if she knew that he thought such dirty things about her during his nightly ritual. He wondered if she knew that not a single day had passed when these thoughts hadn't crossed his mind.

Meredith was, in Jordan's mind, a goddess that deserved to be worshipped and he was more than willing to get down on his knees and do just that. Her red hair flowed from her head like fire and fell down onto her shoulders in a way that made Jordan want to fist a handful of it and pull her head back, giving him full access to her neck. Her breasts pressed against her black shirt, tightening it and causing the same reaction in the crotch of his jeans.

"See, that is the kind of photographs I want to take. They are so crisp and clean looking." Jordan said, trying to take his mind off of the growing erection that was starting to press painfully against his zipper.

"You could take pictures like that. I have seen your pictures and you are very talented." Meredith replied.

"Maybe with the right model, I could take pictures that turned out that well."

"Okay, let's do it."

Jordan almost choked on his own saliva at thought of what those words could have meant coming from any other person than Meredith. "Excuse me?"

"You have your camera, right?"

"Yeah, but..."

"Well, I will be your model. That is, if you think I'm pretty enough."

Jordan couldn't believe that was even a question that had entered Meredith's mind. For the past two months, all he had been thinking about was how beautiful she was and now, she sat before him questioning that which he had always assumed was a given.

"Of course you are pretty enough. I just don't have the proper setting." Jordan was grasping. He would have loved to photograph Meredith but he was afraid he wouldn't be able concentrate.

"How about on the hood of your car, would that be a good enough setting?" Meredith smiled.
Yeah, you sprawled out on the hood of my car will definitely help with my concentration.

"Umm, are you serious?" Jordan was trying to figure out if this was a dream, a joke, or the luckiest day of his life.

"Of course I am serious." Meredith stood, grabbed Jordan's hand, and pulled him to his feet.

"Okay. Let me grab my camera"

"What should I wear?"

Jordan had to stop himself from saying what he really wanted to. "What you have on is fine."

***

Minutes later, Meredith was laid across the hood of Jordan's Mustang GT, propped up on her hands, with her feet dangling against the bumper. She still had the same black shirt on but she had changed into a tight blue jean miniskirt that did little to disguise the black thong she was wearing underneath it. Jordan was trying his best not to stare at the mound that was teasing his vision from beneath the black cotton.

"What position do you want me in?" Meredith asked.
Jordan's mind automatically went to the thought of her on top of him, grinding against his face and pouring herself into his anxious mouth. He shook the thought away. "Scoot up to the windshield, continue to prop up on your hands, and cross your legs."

Meredith complied and Jordan snapped five pictures of her in that position. He then directed her to turn over on her side and prop on one of her elbows. He snapped five more of her in that position. For the next fifteen minutes, Jordan directed Meredith into many more positions and snapped many more photos of her until finally, he was out of film.

"Okay, that's it. We are all done here. Thank you for being such a gracious and gorgeous model. Please see the receptionist and she will arrange for your payment." Jordan smiled. It wasn't the greatest joke but it wasn't the worst either.

"Well, how about you pay me now?" Meredith growled gently.

"I'm sorry?" Jordan was confused.

"I said I want you to pay me now. You really think I brought you out here just to snap a few pictures of me? What did you think I was doing in there? I had my breast on your arm. I was leaning all over you, hoping you would notice how attracted I was to you. I'm beginning to think you are a little slow on the uptake."

Jordan's mouth dropped open slightly. He couldn't believe what he was hearing. Was the woman of his dreams really coming on to him right now? "Well, I..."

Before he had time to finish his thought, Meredith slid down the hood of his Mustang, grabbed his shirt, and pulled his lips into hers. Explosions went off in Jordan's head as soon as their lips touched. Everything seemed to disappear and leave only Meredith and him behind in a world that seemed very small now.

His hands went up to her face involuntarily and he grasped her cheeks, pressing her lips closer to his. Her lips parted and her tongue found its way into his mouth. Meredith's arms wrapped around Jordan's waist and pulled his body against her own.

Jordan was in heaven. The one thing he wanted more than anything in world was happening and it wasn't a dream. He kissed Meredith for more than five minutes before she pulled away. He stared at her in disbelief as she scooted herself up the hood of his car, spread her legs, and gave him a "come hither" motion with her finger.

"It's time for my payment." She purred.

"Yes ma'am." Jordan reached into Meredith's skirt, grabbed the sides of her thong and pulled it slowly down to her ankles, then off to the floor. He then reached up and grabbed the sides of her skirt and pulled them up to her hips, revealing the beautiful flower that had been taunting him from within its cotton garden.
Her mound was more beautiful than he could have imagined and the smell that came from it made Jordan's mouth water. He bent down and gently kissed the inside of her thigh, moving from the knee to the fold where it met her abdomen. He continued up and down this path, alternating kisses and caresses with his tongue. He could hear her breath starting to become shorter as her pussy became moist in anticipation.

"That's feels so good, baby." Meredith cooed.

"You smell so good." Jordan replied.

"Why don't you come a little closer and see if I taste so good?"

With that, Jordan parted Meredith's outer labia with his fingers and went to work on her inner lips, giving them long, slow licks from the bottom to the top and back down. He sucked them into his mouth and nibbled them gently, humming and causing a gentle vibration. He could feel her squirm in anticipation and he was thoroughly enjoying the torture he was making her endure.
Her clit was swollen to the point that it was starting to poker of its hood. Jordan took his thumb and gently pulled back the skin that covered her button and flicked it gently with is tongue. Meredith jerked slightly.

"Mm. Yes." Meredith moaned.

Jordan proceeded to flick his tongue against her clit, picking up speed and rubbing his fingers against the entrance to her most personal area.

"Inside me. I need your fingers inside me." Meredith pleaded.

Jordan wet his fingers with his saliva and plunged them deep into Meredith. Her legs shook as his mouth went back to work on her swollen clit. He could smell her so strong now that his cock pressed against his jeans, once again. His tongue worked on her clit as his fingers worked on her g-spot, causing Meredith to writhe in ecstasy.

Jordan felt Meredith's body start to convulse as an orgasm began to overtake her. She reached down and grabbed his black hair, pulling his mouth onto her folds. Jordan withdrew his fingers, engulfed her mound with his mouth, and hummed deeply. Meredith's body stiffened as she poured herself into his mouth, filling it completely, then slumped back down onto his car.

Jordan unfastened his jeans, freeing his monstrous erection, and dipped his fingers inside of Meredith's flower. He spread her juice around the head and pressed it gently against her opening. He then grabbed her hips and pulled her down onto his shaft. She gasped as his thickness slid into her and wrapped her legs around his waist, pulling him in deeper.

Jordan moved against her, thrusting his cock into her slowly, pulling it out halfway then thrusting it inside again. Meredith pulled her body against his and dug her nails into his back. He grabbed her shirt and pulled it above her head, revealing her erect nipples. He pushed her onto her back and grabbed her breasts as his rod moved thickly inside of her. He squeezed her nipples between his thumbs and forefingers, causing her to moan loudly.

Jordan could feel the walls of her pussy gripping him harder as she approached another orgasm. He grabbed her throat and she stiffened again, her walls clamping down on his cock, as she came again. He grabbed her legs and pushed her knees against her chest and began to thrust into her faster. Meredith's body convulsed with multiple orgasms, her walls pulsating now.

Jordan could feel his own orgasm coming on strong. He withdrew himself just in time to spray himself onto Meredith's stomach and chest, milking himself until his balls were empty. Meredith rubbed her hand across her midsection then licked his come from her fingers lick a baker tasting batter for a cake. When she was clean, Jordan laid his head onto her heaving chest.

"That was amazing. Even better than the fantasies I have been having about you." Jordan said after he caught his breathe.

"I agree." Meredith said., and then added, "I knew I loved Mustangs for a reason."