 I have been on the job now for a month. Jael left last week after showing me the innermost workings here. I have to admit that we had a couple of intimate liaisons, her and me and, although I prefer men, a wet hot pussy is a real turnon. Bas watched us once but didn't join in and it was very exciting to watch him watch us. His cock was straining within the confines of his slacks and I watched him finally reveal his throbbing erection and stroke himself as Jael ate my pussy. As good as Bas is, and he is very good, a woman knows what a woman wants. She had me mewling like a kitten, then screaming like a banshee as she worked her magic on me. I think Bas enjoyed it as he came so hard that his cum arc'd and sprayed Jael on the back. 

Having Bas's cock in my mouth, in my pussy or in my ass is the highlight of my day. At least once a day, maybe twice, he buzzes me, always with the same code, one long two short rings, and I react like Pavlov's dog. Instantly wet, highly aroused, my heart starts beating a little quicker and I stop what I am doing and go into his office. Sometimes he is sitting at his desk with his cock in his hand. When I see him like that, I slowly walk over to him, pulling my dress up as I get closer. By the time I reach him, my dress is usually around my waist. Sometimes he wants me to sit on his lap and fuck him slowly; sometimes he lays me on his huge desk and fucks me hard and fast. I never know what to expect but I know that I will leave the office satisfied.

Often I walk to my desk and there is something on my chair that is wrapped for me. I look forward to these because I never know what it will be. One day it was a vibrator to put into my pussy, one day it was a butt plug. One day there was a large package that I ripped apart. Inside was a leather bustier and matching boots with the instructions "nothing else". I sat behind my desk all morning that day, wondering if anyone would come in and see me. One particular day, he buzzed me and I jumped up and almost ran into his office. Having forbade me to wear anything more than thigh-high stockings, I always at his complete disposal. I walked into his office and, there he was, sexy as sin, leaning back in his chair, his erection tenting his slacks. He motioned me to sit in front of the desk.

"Jonna, do you have an favorite fantasy?" 

"Yes, Bas, I do actually..."

"Tell me."

"Well, like most secretaries who have a stud for a boss, I think about being under your desk, secretly sucking your cock, while you are holding a meeting. The feeling of power that I hold, knowing that I can make you cum, is a hot combination!".

"What do I have on the schedule today?"

"You have a meeting in an hour with Jason from Accounting. You wanted Mr. Baker from Security here too."

"Yes, I think we have a little problem with Jason. He has been a bit jumpy lately. I want Carl to watch from the other office."

"Okay, I will set everything up." 

"Thanks, Jonna. Okay, I would like one more thing. Lets play out your fantasy during this. Be in here 10 minutes before the meeting is to start. I will make sure that you are ready."

"But what about Mr. Baker?"

"He will see what I allow him to see."

"Oh God, Bas, this is going to be so hot!"

"Yes, no doubt. Go now and get ready."

I almost ran back to my desk, my thoughts racing in different directions. Should I change? Should I be naked? My pussy is oozing just thinking about this. This is my fantasy come true and Bas was going to give this to me. How did I get so lucky to find a boss who is as deviant as I am. Since Bas did not specify, and he always does when he wants something, I stayed the way I was, knee-length green silk dress with a deep v-cut, and sling back heels to match, thigh-highs, my long blonde hair held back by an emerald butterfly (another gift from Bas). I keep watching the clock, willing the hands to move faster.....10:45, 10:46, 10:47, 10:48, 10:49...I swiftly move to his door....10:50.... and knock softly.

"Yes, come in.."

As I walk through the door, he is smiling that special sexy smile at me. My pussy instantly gushes with the anticipation of some special attention. He motions me to stand before him. I stand straddling his legs. 

"Is Carl ready?"

"Yes he is set up in the other room."

His hands slip beneath my dress, and I feel his warm hands caressing the silk of my stockings. I close my eyes and let the feelings take over me. His strong fingers are gentle as they trace random patterns up my legs, coming close to my dripping pussy, but never touching me. I ache for his touch there, at the hot wet center of me. I know he is teasing me, making me want and wish for more. The hungrier I get for him, the more intense the action will be for him while I am under his desk. I feel a surge of heat through the silk of my dress and open my eyes to see his lips press against my dress-covered pussy.

"I can smell your excitement, Jonna." A knock shatters the private moment.

"Quickly now" he urges "Get yourself comfortable". I back my way under the desk, noting with surprise and pleasure that he has put some soft bedding on the floor to cushion me while I service him. Very thoughtful of him.

"Come in....." I hear the door open and shut.

"I am sorry, sir, but I didn't see Ms. Caspar in the outer office."

"No, she is indisposed at the moment." he answers "Please sit"

Bas moves forward in his chair, effectively sealing me beneath the desk. His legs are slightly spread, and I gently nudge them further apart. I wiggle between his legs and press my lips against his straining erection through the soft fabric. God there is not much headroom, so to speak...I will have to be very careful that I do not hit my head on the desk. Part of me wants to free his raging hard-on and part of me wants to play a bit with him. Something tells me that Bas would only take a small amount of playing before wanting me to get to the task at hand.

His leather belt is cinched loosely which makes it easy to unbuckle. I make quick work of the button and zipper on his slacks and finally free his glorious hard cock. There is a bit of pre-cum that bubbles up on the head, and I quickly lick it off not wanting to miss a drop. I slide my hot mouth over his throbbing cock and slowly inch my way down, wanting to drag this out. As many times as he has made me beg him for more, he deserves a little bit of payback. I want to be able to take him all the way down into my throat, but because of his length and width, I must do this slowly.

I can hear murmuring above the desk, and I can't make out any words. I think he is able to keep up with the conversation easily enough so maybe now is the time to make things a bit more difficult. With delicate hands, I ease his balls out of his slacks and let them rest against the black silk boxers that he has on. I begin to gently suck as I stroke his full balls. My tongue sweeps back and forth across his cock, searching for that sensitive spot that makes him quiver. Ahhhhh, there it is. As my tongue makes lazy figure-8s across his cock and dances playfully on his quiver spot, I squeeze his balls gently. I thought I heard a sigh, but I could have been wrong. I reach back and unfasten my hair, allowing it to fall free around his cock.

I take my mouth off his cock for a second, and I know I heard a sigh that time. I lick long slow, soft licks from top to bottom, pressing my tongue against the prominent vein that runs his hard length. I kiss the very top of his cock and start to nibble my way down, pausing half way to give him a love bite, a nice mark that will stay for a couple of days. I lick and blow a cool breath on it to ease the slight sting. I nibble down farther, wrapping my hair around his cock as I go. Those large full balls are so tempting, I just have to taste them. Stroking his cock with my hair, my tongue darts out and laves a wide path across his balls. I love licking and sucking his balls. As my hand continues to stroke his hair-covered cock, I take them into my mouth and hum softly. The low hum vibrates his balls, and I feel his cock twitch against my hand. His unique earthy scent permeates my senses as I tongue around his balls, bouncing them against my tongue. Mmmmm he tastes so good. I feel him shift a bit, coming forward more on his chair. His legs press in against my sides, then relax, press in and relax. Sucking on his balls, licking around them, but I really want his cock in my mouth. Giving them one last loving lick and release them from my mouth, I unwrap my hair from around his cock and begin nibbling up the other side. I pause half way and give a matching bite on the other side as his legs press in against my sides. I gather all my silky hair and move it around his balls, creating a hair cocoon for his balls to rest in.

At last, I again have reached the top of his cock. Hard, quivering, angry red, I soothe the savage beast with a sweet kiss upon his head, then widen my lips and take him in, all the way.  I wince as my head hits the drawer. Bas's cock, long, thick, hard is past my gullet and into my throat. Bas has taught me well. I keep my head perfectly still as I flex my throat muscles around his cock and hummmmmmmmmmmm. Breathing through my nose, I can hold this position for a couple of minutes before it becomes uncomfortable, and I am patient. I hear a hitch in Bas's well-controlled voice as he finally starts to lose a little control. His balls are tightening as they lie in my hair. I begin to rhythmically squeeze his balls and flex my throat and squeeze and flex. I hear him congratulate Jason for something I don't quite hear as he exits.

The door closes with a quiet click, and I feel hands around my head holding me in place as Bas, finally without company, growls and groans and empties himself down my throat as I gently stroke his balls. I swallow greedily as he slowly withdraws, little microbursts of cum spitting out into my mouth.

"Jonna, stop! " he command weakly. I instantly obey as he pushes his chair away from the desk. 

"Come here, my beautiful slut!" I ease out from under the desk and kneel before him as I bend to clean him with my mouth. I tenderly lick him up and down, washing away the cum that has overflowed. I rest my head on his leg as I finish cleaning him.

"Jonna...." I look up at him. He smiles down at me. "That was very good, you were inspired."

"Bas, I loved it, thank you!" He offers me his hand as I begin to stand.

"My pleasure, my beautiful slut. Now I have a surprise for you."

"You do? Oh Bas, you didn't have to get me anything,"

"Actually, although I thought of it, I did not get you anything today. But if you fulfill this request, you will be rewarded nicely."

"What is it?" Bas pushes me backward onto his desk and steps between my legs. He slides the top drawer on each side open and hooks my heels onto the top of the drawer, bending and spreading my legs.

"Beautiful!!!" I hear him mutter as he pushes my dress out of the way. I see his hand moving as he begins to stroke himself. 

"Bas, what about Mr. Baker?"

"If he is still there, I am sure he is enjoying the show. Does it excite you as much as it excites me?" He steps to the side, and I see his cock, so recently at rest, now enormously hard. I smile as he disappears between my legs again.

"Yes it does. Okay Bas, what is this request?"

"We suspect Jason of a bit of petty theft. We need someone who can get close to him." I feel his cock at my opening. "Jonna, my slut, touch yourself."

My hand slides down into my pussy, and I begin to tease my clit...his cock slowly eases into me.

"Ohhhh god......so you want me to fuck him so he trusts me." He pushes himself, balls deep, into me. "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh." My fingers split as I slide my fingers around my clit.

"I want you to fuck him, to suck him, to do what it takes to get him to trust you."

I hear the door click open. Mr. Baker enters, cock in hand, and walks to the where my head is, opposite side from Bas. I see a slender, but very long cock. I lick my lips as he stops, his cock bobbing above my mouth. Bas begins an easy rhythm, in and out and in and out.

"Jonna, you want to suck Carl's cock? He has been aching to fuck your mouth since the day you got the job." I reach above me and stroke him as he slowly enters my mouth. He feeds me his entire length inch by inch. Bas looks up approvingly when he sighs.

"Ahhhh Jonna. I see his cock in your throat. Milk him for me, darling, show him just how much of a slut you really are. Show him what you would do for me." Bas's thrusting tempo increases. Carl fucks my mouth and throat, while Bas fucks my pussy. In and out and in and out.

Mr. Baker begins to groan "Oh god, Jason gets any of this, and he won't have a chance! Jesus, Jonna, you can suck a cock! And I love watching you play with yourself while you are being fucked. Very nice!! But I want to look at those sweet tits of yours." Bas murmurs approvingly and pushes the silk to the side, freeing my tits. I feel Bas' hand on one as Mr. Baker fondles the other. He rolls my nipple around in his fingers, teasing me, pinching me. Bas thrusts quicker as I begin to moan, Mr. Bakers cock vibrates in my throat.

"Cum for me, my beautiful slut!!!!" Bas urges "Show me how I satisfy you, you love this, don't you? You love having cocks in you, fucking that sweet pussy of yours, fucking that hot mouth of yours."

Mr, Baker groans as he unloads a torrent of cum down my throat, which triggers my own orgasm. I spasm around Bas's cock milking it once, twice, three times before he finally comes with a roar. Cum floods my pussy, my mouth as I cum again and again. 

Gasping for air, I swallow the last of Mr. Baker's cum as he staggers to a chair, Bas slumps into his, I don't move from my spread position on the desk. I can't move, it is way too soon to even think of it.

"Yes, of course I will do it!" I pant as my heart begins to beat normally "I will fuck the thief as long as it is worth it." The men chuckle....."Jonna, my beautiful slut, you can count on that."