 Max was flicking through a magazine and wondering how much longer he could last without beginning to hump the seat cushions when she came in. She was very tall with long black hair and smooth coffee coloured skin. Her body was slender, her large breasts swelling up above above the low cut sweater that was moulded to her curves. Her skirt was short, revealing her fabulous legs. She was like his best wet dream come true and in physical form. She sat down in the seat opposite and smiled at him warmly. 

Max put down the magazine and smiled back. "How are you?"

She looked at him blankly and then in broken English said. "I don't speak much English."

Max smiled. "I'm Max."

The girl smiled. "Anna."

Max tried to think of a way he could ask if she fancied a quick one before the next station. He was surprised when she looked at him and said. "Would you like some sex?"

He believed that she had put the phrase wrongly until she slid over and lay her hand upon his knee. She squeezed it slowly and then dug her long nails into his thigh. She leaned over and pressed her hot mouth against his, delving inside with her tongue. He responded passionately and pressed her back against the window. The carriage was empty due to the earliness of the hour and the obscure destination and he hoped they wouldn't be interrupted. 

Anna reached up and lifted her sweater up over her beautiful face. Max reached out and caressed her swelling breasts, leaning forward to suck a lace covered nipple into his mouth. He rolled it around on his tongue until he felt it harden and she moaned in response. Her hands reached up and she lightly ran her knuckle over his hardening manhood. He groaned softly and sat back slightly, to give her access. Anna pulled the sweater over her head and then leant forward, kissing him again. His hands played with her breasts, one slowly passing down across her flat stomach. She parted her legs slightly and his hands ran up the velvet flesh of her inner thigh. She whimpered softly as his fingers brushed against her satin panties and returned her own hand to his aching crotch.

She unbuttoned his jeans and slid her small hand inside. As her cool fingers wrapped around his swollen penis his groan was a little louder than he would have liked. She smiled in response and slowly began to squeeze and rub his manhood. She slid down onto the floor and leaning over ran her tongue over the tip of his dick. She swirled it around his rigid shaft, paying particular attention to the sensitive underside. Max moaned loudly as she sucked him deep inside her moist cavern. She began to bob up and down while massaging his balls and licking up the drops of precum that oozed onto her tongue. Max felt himself fill and knew he was about to come. He tightened his hands in her silky hair and cried out. She ran her teeth gently over his penis and then engulfed him completely. This sent him over the edge and he began to coat her throat in shuddering spurts, pounding his butt down against the seat. When he was soft she licked up the remaining semen that remained and then slid back. 

Max kissed her, tasting himself on her lips and then pushed her back against the seat. She parted her legs as his hands rose and pulled down her panties. He shoved them in his pocket and then began placing small kisses on her inner thighs. She began to moan quietly and spread her legs even further. He ran his tongue around the outside of her pussy lips, feeling her shiver in response. He gently parted her with his tongue and tasted her juices as she became wet. His fingers began to tease that small bud of skin as his tongue found her moist opening. He delved inside her with his tongue, massaging and exploring while she shivered and whimpered. He felt her tense slightly and increased the speed of his fingers and tongue, feeling her internal muscles clamp around him. Finally, she went over the edge and he was rewarded with a gush of fluid as she whimpered and trembled, controlled by the convulsions spreading through her pussy.

When she had come back to earth he rose up and kissed her. He slipped the sweater back over her head and then took her hand. "Let's take this some place more private," he said quietly and led her to the bathroom.

The bathroom was empty and predictably tiny. Max sat down on the toilet seat and pulled her inside. Anna shut the door and then slid the lock across. Max found that his face was mashed into her breasts and he lightly kissed the erect nipple as he ran his hands over her firm buttocks. Anna reached down and unbuckled his trousers sliding them down to his knees. His boxers joined them a few minutes later. She reached into the pocket of her skirt and pulled out a wallet. She handed him the foil wrapped package and he slid it on. She then pulled up her skirt around her waist, revealing her shaven pussy. She spread her legs and then sank down upon him. 

Max felt himself sucked inside her and groaned in pleasure. She was so tight, hot and wet he thought he would lose it right there. Her lips found his again and they kissed until he slid home. She raised herself up and then slowly lowered herself down. Max groaned audibly as her internal muscles gripped him tightly. He began to raise his hips so he could thrust into her. She pumped down upon him, gradually increasing her speed in time with their moans and gasps of pleasure. He ground his swollen penis into her damp vagina while his hands played with her breasts. He began rolling the rubbery nipples between his fingers and she whimpered loudly. 

Max felt himself grow closer to orgasm. Anna continued to grind her sweaty body against his, sucking him deeper with every movement. Finally, as his pumping actions became faster he felt Anna begin to come. She writhed upon him, her muscles clenching him as though he were in a fist that was gradually squeezing him tighter. He felt himself begin to spasm as the first convulsion spread through his body. He felt as though he were flying as his sperm shot into the latex covering. He trembled and shuddered as his heart rate got faster and his penis throbbed in ecstasy with every ejaculation.

Finally, his moment was over. Anna rose and pulled on her clothing. She smiled at him and kissed him once more before exiting the bathroom. Once Max had cleaned up he followed, but found no trace of her. He watched as she departed the train a few stations later and waved once as the train sped off without her. He never saw her again, though often he would think back to that day with a smile.