 The nurse handed me the prescription for codeine laced Tylenol. She had just finished stitching some of the larger cuts closed and bandaged me up. From what I could see (one eye had a bandage over it) I looked like a double for The Mummy. Jesus, I listened to my dick and this is what it got me. I can't work for at least a week. I can't prowl, and I can't eat a steak. It's malts and liquids for the next few weeks. I over did it this time. Shit.

It all started when I went home with Julie. She fucked me down to parade rest that night, the next morning, noon and night. Sunday morning was sweet. It was hard leaving that noon. Her husband and kids were coming home and she needed to get ready for them.

I took Sunday off (from prowling) to do my chores and recharge my dick. After Julie's workout I needed a few days rest. Oh, I still ran my routes and humped deliveries but I didn't need my dick to do that. Tuesday night I felt good enough to go out. My dick was available for duty if I could find a willing pussy.

I went to Sonny's. It was the first time since I met Julie and the girls there more than a week ago. I was sitting at the bar minding my own business, Harry was off, when something familiar pushed into the bar next to me. What was it? That perfume, I've smelled it before! I turned and there she was, Julie. She didn't look at me but ordered a beer and a Rob Roy. "Hi, Georgie, don't look. I'm here with my husband. He's in the bathroom. Don't ask me to dance. We don't need to get him all riled up. He thinks I fucked around on him while he was gone and is pissed. Let's just leave it alone. Keep it light, okay? We'll hook up at the studio. Miss you. Bye."

I let her walk away without looking or saying anything. After I got another beer I turned to look at the crowd and found her right away sitting on the far side of the dance floor with a guy. He looked like her husband in pictures all around her house and on the refrigerator. He looked bigger than in the pictures, bigger around, maybe twenty pounds worth. I thought I could take him if I had to.

I watched her dance a few times, with him and others. She looked good and was enjoying herself, and it showed. She hardly sat down before someone else would ask her to dance. I could see a slow burn come over her husband. Fuck him. That's his problem not mine. I started working my way over to her table when she sat down and asked her to dance. She looked up, surprised to see me, recovered quickly and said no, she wanted to take a break. I asked again when the husband said, "Buzz off, Asshole. She said she didn't want to dance." I apologized and let it go even though my dick said 'don't walk away.'

I came back after a few songs and tried again. He recognized me and pushed his chair back getting ready to stand when Julie put her hand on his arm holding him in his seat. "It's alright, Honey, let me dance with him and then it's over." He paused to consider and then settled back in his chair, nodding his head. His look at me said something else.

I stood aside to let her pass before following her to the floor. As luck would have it, a slow song came up and we moved into each other. "Goddamn you, Georgie! Couldn't you just let it go? We'll have plenty of opportunity away from here. Shit, now he knows what you look like. If he ever sees you again he'll be able to put two and two together."

Her body close to mine felt good and familiar. "Aw, Julie, it's just a dance. You look great this evening. Okay, cut the bullshit. Why are you here? Did you come here hoping to see me?"

She said, "I told him I found this place and had come here with Ann Marie and Dara. He insisted we come. What could I do? But, yes, it's true. Once there was no way out I hoped you'd be here. Miss me?"

"Of course, I miss you. It's me you should be going home with tonight, not him."

"And, what do you suggest I do with my kids? What you want is impossible. From now on, the only way we can see each other is on the sly or at the studio. Ann Marie and Dara will cover for us when they can but we have to be very careful. Now, go away. Better yet, leave and go home."

The song ended and we returned to her table. "Thanks, Julie. I enjoyed the dance. Hi, my name's George. Julie and I work at Dara's studio. Joe, is it? Nice to meet you, Joe. You two have a good evening."

I went to the bar for another beer and watched the action. Joe and Julie were having an argument. Gee, that's too bad. They should be enjoying their night out. Who knows, maybe Joey won't get any tonight. Wouldn't that be a shame?

A few songs later things calmed down over there. I thought I'd stir the pot just to keep all that marital goodwill cooking and rub his nose in it. That was where I made my mistake. As I approached their table he jumped up and clocked me, a little sooner than I expected, and moved a little faster than I thought the lard ass could. I staggered back into someone seated behind me. It kept me on my feet. It was fight or flight time and I chose wrong. I tried to stop him with a haymaker that bounced off his chin. I closed fast to not give him the same chance. I tried a right cross and then worked on his midsection. What a mistake that was. With all that padding I wasn't slowing him down at all.

He was pounding on my head and slowly making progress. Then he went down to my midsection and took my wind away. Lowering my guard he teed off and caught me with a vicious right that was on target followed by an uppercut. As I was passing out on the floor I vaguely remember taking shots to my stomach, ribs and head. This guy was a street fighter. The asshole was kicking me while I was down. Whatever happened to fighting fair? What did I ever do to him? I came too as the EMTs were attaching a collar around my neck. On the stretcher I was having trouble focusing my eyes. They gave me a sedative that took me out until I was in the ER. The rest you know about.

So, now, what do I do? I called the warehouse dispatcher and told him I'd be out for two weeks. He wasn't happy. I'll have to get him laid and a bottle of his favorite to get him over it. I called Dara and told her what happened. She was pissed off calling me all kinds of idiot. Then she tells me to come down so she could see what I look like. I told her she should come to my place. I have trouble getting around. I'm sure it was all about the pictures she could take. That's all she ever cares about, the fucking pictures. I guess I'm her duty bad boy.

Next I called one of those at-home nursing care agencies and lined up someone three days a week to help me. Finally, I called a couple of women I've done that parted on good terms and told them my story. Some invited themselves over to cook and clean. Others wanted to know if they could help, if you know what I mean.

This wasn't as bad as it could have been. I was being waited on hand and foot, and getting jerked and blown almost every day. Dara came by after the bandages were changed and, sure enough, brought her camera. She also brought Julie. When she saw me she started crying. I was lying on the couch. The nurse was making me lunch. Dara was taking pictures and Julie was on the floor weeping while she held my hand. It was a fucking three-ring circus. In walks Marcy, making it four rings. She's one of my favorites and is shocked at all the attention I'm getting. She flops in a chair opposite and tells me I'll never change. While Marcy's clucking and shaking her head, Julie looks up and over at her. The crying stops and she asks her who she is. "Oh, I'm Marcy, one of George's old flames. He called me when he got home from the hospital for some help. I couldn't say no to an old friend. So, here I am. Who are you?"

I put in, "The wife of the guy that did this."

"George, George, George. When will you ever learn? You're going to get yourself killed if you don't start thinking with your head."

"And a very nice head it is, too."

"Which one?"

"Stop it! That's enough. I'm Julie, what you would call, his current flame (harrumph)." Quickly looking at me for confirmation she said, "I am, aren't I?" All of her self-confidence was gone. She's now a broken, little bird tugging at my heartstrings.

I nodded yes, reached over and took her chin in my hand. I was going for a dramatic gesture here to reassure her and calm her down. I didn't need a hysterical woman on my hands right then.

"Honey, he's a rascal and incorrigible. He's also sweet and a very good lover. That's why we all put up with him. That's why we all love him. I'm sure you know most of this already. And, you are?"

"I'm a friend, an employer and maybe his next flame. I'm Dara. The camera and pictures are what I do. I'm a photographer. Georgie poses for me."

"What! He models? Oh, my God! And, now it's 'Georgie?' This is too much! 'Georgie,' what have you gotten yourself into? Let me guess, are your pictures risqué?"

"Better, they're porn."

"Hah, (she started stamping her feet in a rata-tat-tat rhythm and shaking her head back and forth, bitch). So now I can say I knew him before he became a professional stud. Maybe it was me that taught him what he needed to get the job?"

Yeah, right, Marcy. You showed me everything I know. I remember when I picked you up. You were scared shitless of what you were getting yourself into. You were afraid your husband would find out. Well, he did, didn't he? Remember what tipped him off; all the shit I did that he never would that you wanted him to do after I showed you? Fuck you. But, now you're a great fuck and I'll take credit for that, thank you very much. "Hey, Marcy, why don't you talk to Dara about modeling? I'm sure she can always use another beautiful woman that enjoys sex. That way we could stoke the old fires and get paid for it." I played to her vanity by telling her she was beautiful. She's not but she is attractive. When she's all made up and dressed up at night she can stop traffic. And, when she's having sex she's all over the place, very eager. That is, she is now. Dara'll like that.

After all the women made a big deal over me the nurse told them I had to eat and get ready for a bath. After that it'd be a nap. Treating me like a kid got a lot of laughs from the girls. They offered to feed and bath me, and sleep with me (Dara!). A stern look from the nurse said it was time to go. This is one, sour woman. About 5 foot 8, over 200 pounds and in her 40s, she's no one to fuck with. The girls made the right choice. They lined up to bend down and kiss me. A quick hug, kiss and grope and they were gone. Each swore they'd call to check up on me. I believed them. I already took a call while they were here (Sam). Then it was just me and Nurse Ratched.

What's so funny? There's nothing wrong with my body and my dick gets the job done. Just ask any one of them. They left as if they were best friends. I noticed Marcy talking to Dara on the way out. That could be interesting.

"Okay, Mr. Hayes, here's lunch. Do you want me to help you to the table? Okay, easy does it. You don't want to pull those stitches or stretch the ribs. You do and you'll drop like a stone. Excuse me for asking, but is it always like this? With women, I mean? I just saw past, present and future falling all over you. Do you have some kind magic or something? If you do I'd like to know about it so I never fall for it."

"I don't know why women like me but I'm glad they do. Outside of work they're my whole life. Oh, I pay a price for it every now and then but when you add up the pluses and minuses, I think I get a pretty good deal."

"Can I ask a personal question?"

"Sure, ask anything you want. I'll answer if I can."

"Is it the sex? I mean, are you some kind of master in bed, have knowledge that few others have, or is it something else? You know, like do you have something special down there? There's got to be something going on to get those women to act the way they do."

"I'll be honest with you. I'm not a magician. I'm not particularly smart but I do know how women react and why. I have a good idea of their needs and I can read them pretty good filling those needs the way they want. As far as the equipment goes, you'll find out soon enough. There, I'm done. Let's get to it. How about a little help getting to the bathroom?"

"What is it, one or two?"

"I just need to take a leak. Maybe it's just as easy going in the shower."

"Oh, no. It's still a bath. The notes the last nurse left in your file said your wounds hadn't healed enough to take water pounding on them. I'll check them out before we start. You might be able to take a shower after all. We'll see."

She helped me hobble to the bathroom and dropped my pajama bottoms. She stood me in front of the toilet and steadied me as I took my leak. Then she asked if I minded her checking me out. I thought she was talking about the wounds and told her go right ahead. I jumped a little when she grabbed my dick and started squeezing, tugging and manipulating it. Not to see if it was hurt or damaged, but if there was something special going on to cause women to like me. I started firming up a little as she went on. That broke her concentration and rocked her back to doing her job. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to do that. I mean, I didn't mean for you to react that way. I hope you'll excuse me?"

I told her it was all right and that, as a matter of fact, I enjoyed it. She used her shears to remove the bandages. She was making faces at some of them. When I was naked, standing in front of her as she was sitting on the toilet seat checking me out, my dick was pretty much right in front of her. "There you go, again. You have a one-track mind, don't you? Here you are, getting all excited over a fat middle-aged black woman. And, I'm married, too. Shame on you."

"Most of my women friends are married."

"Oh, you're a nasty man, all right. Breaking up families, and such."

"There's nothing nasty about me. Every woman I've ever had enjoyed herself. No one twisted their arms. They had sex with me because they wanted to."

"Come on, let's get you in the shower. Your wounds can handle it." She helped me step over the lip and held me steady until I got my balance back. She got me wet, turned the water off and started on my hair. Working her way down she skipped my privates and continued from the knees. Turning me around she repeated the same routine. By now I was curious how she was going to get my ass, thighs and groin. This could be interesting. Maybe I should help her?

"Okay, can you get the rest or do you want me to get it for you? I could have guessed!"

So, she starts on my butt and works her hand into my crack. Telling me to relax and spread my legs a little she went deep. She wasn't shy. My asshole got a good scrubbing. She didn't ream me like Ann Marie does but I enjoyed it. With my legs spread she started on the thighs. Using two hands, was she scrubbing or stroking? I chose stroking. My dick was starting to act up. She finished my backside with a not too gentle scrub of my balls. Hey, this wasn't bad. I had to request her for the next house visit.

Turning me around my dick was sticking straight out, straight at her. "My, my, what do we have here?" She might have started washing me but was now jerking me. Every now and then she'd go down and get my balls, but always returned her interest to my dick. I was having a good ole time. I wish I knew her name. It's kind of awkward being jerked by someone when you don't even know their name. I finally noticed her nametag, Tamara.

"Tamara, you're doing a good job. Don't stop. I'm getting there."

"Getting where? Mr. Hayes, you're cumming too fast. My husband would just be getting hard about now. Slow down and enjoy what I'm doing. If need be, I can stay and make sure you 'get there' good and proper. Oh, that's too bad. I wasn't ready for you. Now you've wasted all that good semen. It's too precious to let go down the drain like that. I'll know better next time. How're you going to please a woman getting off that fast? Black women expect a whole lot more loving before their men get them off. Those white girls must have hair triggers."

I'm usually not that fast, but these are unusual times. She dried me off, put my pajama bottoms on, and helped me to bed. Making sure I took my meds and that there was nothing else she left saying for me to call the agency and request her for the next visit.

Sam woke me up a couple of hours later. She still had a key to my place and brought some food. She stayed for a while being good company and telling me how much she missed me. She was the closest I ever came to falling for someone. She's outstanding in every way but won't leave her old man. I told her I'd quit my wandering ways if she ever left him. It wasn't enough but I remembered how that touched her and told her, again. She got a little choked up and said she knew that and hadn't forgotten my offer. She told me it was a touchstone (?) in her life and allowed her to get through the tough times. I made one last appeal, "Honey, there wouldn't be any 'tough' times if it was just you and me. We were made for each other."

"I know. I know."

A week and a half later things were getting back to normal. I was driving but had to take on a day laborer to hump the freight. The dispatcher thanked me for the bottle and said he had a hooker he was particularly fond of but couldn't afford too often. I agreed I owed him that. I tried to talk him into doing one of my women but he had his heart set on his favorite.

Dara had a field day with my face and body. I can't guess how many pictures she took but I got hours every couple of days so the extra money helped. All my women kept coming over, in the evening now. I couldn't let all of them get me off. I only had so much to give. I was glad when I went back to work to give my dick a break. After the first 24 hours without someone helping it thanked me.

After a month everything was normal and I started prowling, again. I tipped Dara off that I was available for porn. I got a call a few hours later from Julie. She had talked to Dara and heard. She was really excited. She couldn't wait for us to hook up, again. I asked about her husband. She didn't say anything for a moment or two before telling me 'they were trying to work things out.'

Then came the call from Ann Marie. She said she was glad and anxious to do me, again. She didn't spend a whole lot of time telling me what a great lover I am before she got to the real purpose of the call, Julie. She got into it with her husband after he kicked the shit out of me. After a few days she and her kids moved in with Ann Marie. That lasted about a week before Annie kicked them out. Then it was off to Dara's for a few days before settling in with another one of their buddies. After leaving her husband for a couple of weeks she went home and confronted him. I guess they're hardly talking. She's sleeping on the couch. Annie's giving even odds they'll break up. This has happened often enough to the women I meet that I've become sort of immune to it. I think if it wasn't me it would be someone else. That doesn't mean I don't feel sorry for them. I do. It's just there's little I can do to help except console them and give them the comfort of my bed.

Okay, things are back to normal, I'm doin' the job during the day without help. The dispatcher is happy. He got his ashes hauled by a $250 hooker and I'm back in his good graces. I've been checking my trap line (my favorite pickup joints) and occasionally getting lucky. Every now and then I meet an old flame. The good ones take care of me. My mistakes don't haunt me. They ignore me. I'm still fucking Julie. Her home situation is so bad she uses me as an escape. She's not needy. She's wound so tight right now and that her only relief is me. I'm happy to help. She's an extremely good fuck. I sense she gets stronger every time we get together. When she's strong enough I'm sure she'll leave her husband. I can't let her think that I'm her solution. She has to land on her own two feet.
