 Carrie closed the front door of the house behind her and kicked off her cowboy boots. She stood just under 5'8" with long red hair that fell halfway to her ass, which was full and round and covered by a pair of tightly fitting blue jeans. She wore a western style button down shirt that couldn't quite hide the swell of her c-cup breasts. 

She padded down the hallway that led to the master bedroom and passed through the bedroom and into the master bath. She started a bath running in the overly large claw foot tub that dominated one corner of the bathroom. She lit a few candles around the bathroom and dimmed the lights before returning to the bedroom to get undressed.

She moved to the foot of the queen-sized bed and sat down, slipping her socks off her feet. She unbuttoned her shirt and slid it off of her shoulders, revealing the blue under wire bra that cupped her breasts. She stood and unbuttoned her blue jeans and slid them down over her deliciously curvy hips and kicked them into the pile with her socks and shirt. She wasn't wearing any panties and she ran her fingers through her curly red pubic hair. She felt a strong desire to let her fingers slip lower to caress her pussy lips and to massage her clit, but even more she wanted it to be his fingers that brought her pleasure tonight so she resisted the urge to pleasure herself. She reached a hand behind her and deftly unhooked her bra and slid it off and onto the pile of clothes on the floor before returning to the bathroom.

She checked the temperature of the water in the bath before shutting off the faucet. She took a bottle of bath oil from a shelf hanging near the bath and poured some into the water, filling the room with the faintest scent of strawberries. She swirled the water around with her hand before she stepped into the tub and slowly eased herself into the water, sighing with pleasure as the warm water enveloped her body. She slid down into the relaxing bath until just her head and the tops of her shoulders were above the water.

Carrie lay her head back against the lip of the tub and closed her eyes, letting the warm water ease the stiffness in her muscles. She had been out riding along the fences all day checking them and repairing them when needed. She loved to ride her horses, and loved the ranch she owned with her husband. Together they had turned 120 acres of South Dakota plains near the badlands into a small but profitable business.

No one had expected Keith, her husband, to make much or a rancher, or much of a husband for her. They had come from completely different backgrounds. She had grown up on a ranch in eastern Oregon and known a life of wealth and influence in the place where she was raised. He on the other hand had grown up in a middle class family in the suburbs of St. Paul Minnesota. They had met late one night in an online chat room. They were both lonely, just looking for people to talk to and fate drew them to the same chat and they started talking.

Most people laugh at online romances, not believing that they can be real, or that they can work, and many of their friends said as much. But the wedding came and went and they bought the ranch and moved to South Dakota together.

Keith took to ranching like a horse to apples and sugar cubes. What he lacked in experience he made up for in enthusiasm. Carrie soon taught him just about everything she knew about running a ranch and he was quickly picking up on the rest. In just a few short years they had made enough to pay off the mortgage and to look at buying some more land to expand the ranch and build an addition to the house for the children they soon hoped to have.

Carrie let her thoughts wander between how she had come to be here with the man she loved and the future they were building. Her hands absently caressed her skin lightly, making haphazard strokes on her stomach, arms and legs. She was so lost in thought that she didn't hear Keith come home and into the bathroom. He stood in the doorway for a moment, just admiring how beautiful his wife looked laying there in the tub, relaxed and peaceful, her hand gently caressing her body.

He walked over and knelt by the tub, grabbing a lufful from near the tub and pouring a little bit of soap on it. He briefly dunked it under the water before bringing it to her shoulder, gently scrubbing the smooth skin. She stirred from her thoughts a little, not quite sure if what she was feeling was real. He moved the lufful down her arm, slowly cleaning every inch of skin.

She opened her eyes, looking at his hands lovingly washing her body. She followed his arms with her eyes until she was looking into his hazel eyes. He looked back at her, staring deep into her green eyes, telling her how much he loved her without saying a word. He went back to scrubbing her skin and she laid her head back against the lip of the tub, enjoying the feeling of his hands caressing her.

He washed her other arm and shoulder, then his hands moved down her chest, softly running the lufful across her breasts. Her nipples reacted by hardening and sticking out from the firm flesh of her breasts. She let out a small moan, silently willing him to keep his hands there and fondle her breasts and play with her nipples, but he kept his hands moving lower, washing her stomach and sides. He then washed her legs starting at her left foot, slowly scrubbing up her leg to her hip. Then he washed her right leg, again starting at her foot, saving her inner thigh for last, softly running the lufful across the soft skin, moving slowly upward from her knee until his hand reached the very top of her thigh, causing her to sigh. Last he ever so gently scrubbed her pubic mound and ran the lufful across her pussy lips a couple of times ever so lightly, drawing another moan from her lips.

He took the fingers of one of her hands in his and pulled on her arm gently, coaxing her to sit up. She complied grudgingly, pulling her knees up to her chest and wrapping her arms around them, laying her head on her knees. He efficiently scrubbed her back, starting at the shoulders and working his way down across her shoulder blades and down to the small of her back and to the tops of her butt cheeks.

"There all clean." He said, his voice soft.

She sighed a little, opening her eyes to look at him. "Get in here with me, love."

He smiled and stood up, pulling his shirt over his head. He wasn't hard and sculpted, but he wasn't soft either. Standing right around 6 feet tall his arms and chest were muscular with a little definition and he carried just a little extra weight around his middle that he never seemed to be able to work off, but she didn't mind, she thought it was cute. He undid his belt and unfastened his jeans, pushing them down along with his boxers, revealing his already semi-erect penis. Carrie felt a twinge growing in her stomach as she watched him undress in front of her. The feeling quickly spread down between her legs as she looked at his semi-rigid cock hanging between his legs. It wasn't an impressive piece of equipment, standing a little over six inches when fully erect, but she loved it just the same. She loved sucking on it and deep-throating it for him, giving him pleasure was one of her favorite things to do. She also loved the way it felt between her legs, throbbing as he pumped it in and out of her pussy.

Carrie let out a low moan as she watched Keith finish undressing. He climbed into the tub behind her and eased himself into the water, one leg on either side of her. She leaned back into him, feeling his skin against hers, and she felt his semi-hard member against her lower back. She wiggled her hips a little bit to tease his cock as he wrapped his arms around her stomach under her breasts and she felt it twitch. She let out a little giggle.

He kissed the back of her neck and her shoulders softly and she brought her hands up to reach behind her and run her fingers through his hair. He moved his hands across her stomach and up to cup and fondle her breasts. She arched her back, thrusting her breasts into his hands harder and she let out a groan of pleasure. He massaged her breasts in slow circles as he pulled on her nipples, teasing them until they were standing out hard and erect.

He then slid his hands back down across her stomach and across the fronts of her hips and down her thighs to her knees. She pressed herself back into him, feeling his now fully erect cock pressing into her back. He slipped his hands between her knees and applied a little bit of pressure outward. She parted her knees willingly, hooking her legs over his, holding them apart. He slid his hands up the insides of her thighs simultaneously, running his fingers across her pussy lips gently. She shuddered when his fingers brushed against her lips and let out a moan. "Ooohhhh, yes." She cooed at him. He slid his hands back down her thighs and back up to play with her pussy lips again. "Oohhh." She moaned again, a little louder this time. He spread her lips with the fingers of one hand and ran the fingers of her other hand up and down her slit between her lips, pressing his fingers against her opening but not penetrating her yet, and across her clit.

"Ooohh yes. Unnhhh. Oh god, yes. Just like that baby." She encouraged him. Her breathing was becoming raged and heavy as he pleasured her pussy with his fingers. He pushed one finger into her pussy, pushing it easily all the way in. She bucked her hips against his hands. "Yes! Oh god. Ohhh that feels so good." She threw her head back and clutched at the back of his head with one hand as she played with her breasts with the other. He quickly added a second finger along side the first and began to pump them in and out of her as he rubbed her clit with his other hand.

She thrust her hips against his hands repeatedly as he pumped his fingers into her pussy. Her breathing quickened to a fevered pace while he fingered her, throwing her head side to side in pleasure. "Oh god don't stop." She begged him. "Keep fingering me. Oh yes! Mmmm. Yes, keep fingering me. Your gonna make me cum." Her hips were bucking wildly against his fingers. She could feel his rock hard cock against her back which drove her closer to the edge.

"Cum for me darlin." He encouraged her. "Cum on my fingers."

His words drover her on and she bucked against his fingers uncontrollably as they drove into her again and again. "Oh god, oh god oh god." She moaned, her voice raising in pitch as she got closer to orgasm. "Yes, Keith, yes, oh god, I love you! Make me cum baby."

Keith gently pinched her clit between two of his fingers as he drove his fingers into her pussy. "Cum for me." He whispered in her ear.

"Oh god YES!" she cried as her orgasm took her. She arched her back, pushing her pussy against his fingers as hard as she could, holding her breath as her body shook with her orgasm. Little bolts of lightning raced across her body. Keith held her as she came, kissing her.

She started to breathe again as her climax subsided, quickly at first but gradually slowing as she relaxed back against him, letting the afterglow of her orgasm take her. She smiled and cooed, her eyes closed as she came back down from her sexual high. His fingers were still very slowly and gently playing with her clit and pussy lips, easing her back to earth. She groaned in gratification and kissed his cheek.

"Thank you love." She rested for a bit longer before coming fully back to reality and feeling his raging hard on against her back. She wiggled her hips again, massaging his cock between their bodies. "Oh Hun, you must be about ready to burst after watching that." She reached one hand behind her back and wrapped her fingers around his hard shaft. "Let me help you with that."

Keith took a deep breath as he felt her fingers wrap around his cock. She gave it a few slow strokes before letting it go to turn around in the tub so she was facing him, kneeling between his legs. The water had become tepid by now and Carrie deftly undid the drain plug as she once again grasped his cock in her hand and leaned forward to kiss him on the lips. The water started to slowly drain out of the tub.

Her kiss was soft and passionate at first, growing in intensity as she stroked his cock. He began to thrust his hips into her fist, increasing the speed with which she masturbated him. She parted her lips and ran her tongue across his lips as they kissed. He parted his lips and their tongues met, dancing together, caressing one another.

They quickly changed position so that his legs were between hers and she sat straddling his thighs close enough to rub her pussy against the base of his cock as she pumped it with her fist. By now most of the water had drained from the tub and he could feel her hot wet pussy as she ground it against his cock. It only drove him closer to his orgasm, he began to buck his hips more forcefully, nearly toppling Carrie off of his lap. She could tell from the bucking and the way he was breathing heavily around their kiss that he was very close to cumming, but she didn't want him to cum just yet. She had something else in mind that he would enjoy much more.

She took his bottom lip between her teeth and pulled it gently as she broke their kiss, slowing her strokes on his cock, eliciting a groan of desperation from him. "Not just yet baby, but I promise soon." She got up off of his lap and drew the shower curtain around the bath and turned on the faucet, making sure to bend over enough for him to get a good view of her ass and her pussy between her parted legs. She made more of a fuss than necessary over adjusting the water temperature, giving Keith time to admire her from behind, and to think about taking her from behind. Shoving his cock up her pussy while she was bent over. Maybe later she thought, she had something else in mind for him right now.

Keith was disappointed when she turned around and stood upright. He loved the way she had been presenting herself to him and had indeed had thoughts about taking her from behind. She offered him her hand to help him get up. He took her hand and stood facing her, his cock standing painfully erect between them. She pulled the plunger that diverted the water to the showerhead as she leaned into him, kissing his lips, pressing his cock between their bellies. She wrapped her arms around his chest under his armpits as she kissed him.

She broke their kiss as the water cascaded over them. She gently turned them so that the stream of water fell on his back. She kissed his neck nibbling at it playfully. Then she kissed his shoulder and collar bone and across his chest, briefly licking then sucking on one of his nipples. Her hands trailed down his back as she slowly slid down his body, kissing it as she went. He rested his hands on her shoulders, guessing where she was going and wanting it badly. Finally she was kneeling in the tub in front of him, his cock, her prize standing proudly before her.

She kissed the very tip of it, drawing a shudder from his body. She had her hands on his hips as she slowly took her tongue and licked his cock from the base to the tip, circling the rim of his head with her tongue. He moaned "Ohhh." She licked his cock again, this time taking the head into her mouth and sucking on it when she reached the tip. "Oohh god, Carrie, that feels so good." He panted. She slowly took more of his cock into her mouth, until he was about halfway in. She flicked her tongue on the underside of his shaft as she slowly pulled it out of her mouth, flicking the head with her tongue. "Ohh Carrie, your mouth feels so good around my cock."

She took his cock back into her mouth bobbing her head and engulfing half of it again as she sucked on it. She moved her hands from his hips, one slid between his legs to gently scratch at his balls with her nails. She slipped the other between her own legs to rub her hot pussy lips and to play with her clit. She pulled her head back and sucked only on the head of his cock before plunging her head forward, taking his whole cock in her mouth, taking the head into her throat willingly. He gasped in sudden pleasure and his hands tangled in her hair, holding her to him. She swallowed, massaging the head of his cock with her throat muscles. He shuddered and moaned "Oh god Carrie." She rubbed her pussy vigorously, slipping two fingers inside.

He guided her head back with his hands, causing his cock to slip from her throat. She sucked on his head before he pulled her head back to him. She again took his cock down her throat. She moaned as her fingers worked her clit, the vibrations sending waves of pleasure up his cock. His breathing was coming fast and ragged as he pushed her head away from his cock and pulled it back to him, slowly and gently as to not hurt her. "Oh Carrie, I'm gonna cum soon." He moaned. She moaned and rubbed her pussy faster. She moved her head against his hands, encouraging him to keep going. He took the hint and began guiding her head as it bobbed up and down on his cock, pushing deep into her throat with each stroke. She loved it when they did it this way, his hands guiding the pace as she deep-throated him. She swallowed every time his cock pushed into her throat massaging the head driving him ever closer to his orgasm. She moaned as she fingered herself adding even more to his pleasure.

His breathing quickly became desperate and he pulled her head down on his cock and held it there. "I'm gonna cum darlin, I'm gonna cum." She swallowed repeatedly, milking the head of his cock and sending him over the edge. "Oh god Carrie." He cried as his cock began spasming in her mouth, sending a jet of cum down her throat. She pulled back to suck on the head of his cock as it jumped and shot hot cum into her mouth. Her own body shook with a mini orgasm as her fingers pinched her clit and she swallowed all of his cum.

She continued to suck his cock gently as the spasms slowed and stopped and he collapsed against the wall adjoining the tub, milking out every last drop. She gave his cock a couple of last sucks before slowly getting to her feet and wrapping her arms around his heaving chest, laying her head against his shoulder. His breathing eased back towards normal and he wrapped his arms around her shoulders.

"That was wonderful darlin, thank you" he kissed her forehead.

"I'm glad you enjoyed it dear. You know how much I love to pleasure you."

"I do." He took her in his arms and moved them under the stream of water, holding her close to him and rocking gently.

She stirred after a few minutes, looking up into his eyes. "I'm gonna go start dinner, you get cleaned up and come on down when your ready."

"Ok darlin." They kissed and she climbed out of the shower and dried herself off, leaving him to wash up as she went and started making dinner.

Keith stood under the water for a minute, thinking about how incredibly sexy his wife was, and how much he loved her and the life they had made together. He sighed contentedly and began washing, smiling to himself, knowing that the night wasn't over yet. 

To be continued...