 Authors Note: This is my first time writing a story with the intent of writing multiple chapters, so please any and all comments and suggestions are welcome. Thank You.

*

Staci and Rich were sitting in the corner of the small club people watching, on the prowl for a woman to join them for some hot fun. Staci was a tall amazon of a woman, standing 6'1, large 48D breasts, a tall and rotund body and short, light brown hair. She was proud of being a big girl and dressed in a very sexy but not slutty way that accentuated her body type and showed off plenty of cleavage. Rich was 5'8, black hair and dark brown eyes, in very good shape and had a smile that always turned Staci on incredibly so. They had only been together a few weeks after Staci finally moved from Missouri to Florida. They had met online 4 months ago and hit it off right away, both of them having a wild and freaky side and insatiable sexual appetite. Staci flew to Florida a month after they first started talking and the 3 days they spent together in that hotel room were the most satisfying she had experienced. It was also the first time Staci had taken the Domme role in a relationship, she's a natural Sub but Rich had been insistent on wanting her to be his Domme. It was heaven and Rich was an absolutely incredible lover, the way his tongue felt in & on both her pussy and ass was pure ecstasy. 

Suddenly Staci noticed a short, very attractive big girl across the dance floor sitting with 2 others looking very bored and uncomfortable. The other people were a couple who were making out while she sat in his lap, practically dry humping right there in the club. Staci pointed the girl out to Rich and they watched her for about 15 minutes until she got up and headed to the bar. Rich & Staci both agreed the very chunky girl, who was only about 5'5 with huge tits, at least a DD cup, thick and wide ass with fire red hair was perfect. Rich walked over to the bar and struck up a conversation with the young woman, buying her a drink and eventually asking her to join him at his table. When the woman saw Staci, she immediately got an unhappy look on her face so Staci quickly stood to introduce herself. Rich told her that red head's name is Robin and so Staci officially introduced herself and asked Robin to join them as she sat back down. 

Staci was reading Robin's face and body language, so she assured Robin that they weren't playing any kind of a joke or game with her. Rich and Staci were a couple but that if Rich saw a woman that he desired, as long as Staci got to meet her and approve of her, then he could have her. Robin was still uneasy so Rich asked her to join them and talk and if after getting to know them a little better if she was still uncomfortable he would respect her wishes. Robin was still unsure but decided that since they were in a public place that was very crowded she would at least have a drink with them. Robin asked how long they'd been together and Staci explained she had just moved to Florida so officially just 3 weeks. Then Rich went on to explain how they met and that they had both visited each other several times before finally deciding that they wanted Staci to move. Staci corrected Rich that SHE TOLD HIM she was moving there and he was to find a place for them to live, Rich apologized for speaking out of turn. Robin looked at them a little confused and so Staci told Rich to go get a round of shots for everyone and he quickly left. 

Once he was gone Staci explained that Rich and she were into role playing and that she was his Domme and he was her Sub. Robin gave Staci a look that said she wanted to know more but was embarrassed to intrude and then asked if Staci liked living in Florida. Staci mentally noted that she had Robin intrigued and then asked Robin if she had a boyfriend and Robin told her no. Staci then asked Robin if she thought was Rich was sexy and Robin looked down at the table and said yes. She asked Robin if she wanted to spend the night with him and Robin blushed hard, her whole face was red and said that she would. But that she wasn't the type of woman to sleep with someone else's boyfriend and besides, she lived with a roommate and so they couldn't go to her place. Staci told her that she would be happy to let her and Rich come back to their place and that Robin wouldn't be doing anything wrong if she slept with Rich. It wasn't cheating since Staci knew about it and approved and Robin looked at Staci as a little grin crept across Robin's lips. After seeing Robin's reaction, Staci was almost positive that she would be going home with them tonight and would be wonderful to be with. 

After a couple hours of talking, observing each other, provocative dancing and several drinks and shots, Robin had loosened up. Staci had on a spaghetti strap tank top and Rich leaned his head down and buried his face in her cleavage. He made sure Robin could see his tongue tracing over Staci's breasts and dipping down to bite on a nipple causing Staci to moan. Staci was rubbing the back of his head but then pulled his head up and buried her face in his neck, biting gently. Her hand trailed down his chest to his muscled abdomen and finally she began rubbing his cock through his shorts. He began moaning as Staci was watching Robin, Robin's eyes were filled with so much need and want. Staci put her lips on Rich's ear and whispered into it as she began running her tongue all over the outside and slipping it inside occasionally. Rich moved over and sat right next to Robin, his hand starting to move up her thigh when he leaned in and began kissing her neck. He started nuzzling and nibbling on her neck and earlobe and his hand continued moving up her thigh until he finally reached her crotch. 

He began to firmly rub it through her jeans and put his other arm over her shoulder, his hand reaching down to her breast. He started playing with her sensitive nipple thru her blouse and bra, pinching it between his thumb & forefinger, gently tugging on it. Robin was moaning, her head was leaned back as far as it could, arching her back and jutting her nipple into Rich's hand further. Robin put her hand on Rich's raging erection and began rubbing it hard when she suddenly felt another hand move hers and unzip his shorts. Robin looked up and saw Staci sitting next to Rich and realized it was her hand that had just opened up his shorts. Next she felt Staci take her hand and put it inside Rich's shorts and she gasped when she realized he wasn't wearing any underwear and began stroking his thick and rigid cock. Staci got up and sat on Robin's other side, her hand casually sliding under Robin's blouse and up to the breast that Rich's hand had been playing with. Rich had opened Robin's jeans and was sliding his fingers up and down her soaking wet slit while Staci began rubbing and teasing Robin's nipple. Staci looked around casually and when she realized no one could see them very well through the darkness and flashing lights, she pulled Robin's shirt & bra up. 

She leaned her head down and began licking and flicking her tongue on Robin's hard and puckered nipple before wrapping her lips around it and began sucking it gently. Rich slid his fingers underneath Robin's thin cotton panties and found her hard clit, taking his thumb he began rubbing it hard, mashing it against her labia. Robin began moaning louder and stroking Rich's cock even harder, making him moan into her mouth as his lips pressed against hers and his tongue forced them open. Staci was working back and forth on both of Robin's big and thick nipples, Rich's body blocking the view of anyone who looked over. Rich leaned his head against Robin's ear and very forcefully but seductively told Robin he wanted her to cum all over his hand, right now. Robin just moaned as she felt his middle finger then another slide inside her creamy pussy and his thumb kept the small circular rubbing motion going on her clit. Robin grasped his cock hard and then cried out against Rich's shoulder as her body tightened and she began spasming around his fingers. Rich's hand and Staci's mouth never stopped, they kept teasing and stimulating Robin as she came very hard, all over Rich's hand. 

After her orgasm subsided, Robin bit Rich's earlobe hard and started stroking him again then said that she wanted him to take her home and fuck her long and hard. Staci was smiling around a nipple when she heard Robin say that to Rich and so she pulled her face away from Robin's breasts and fixed her bra and shirt for her. Rich helped her adjust her jeans and then he carefully did the same with his shorts and they all got up to leave. Robin looked over to the table where her friends had been but they were no where to be found, so she scanned the club but didn't see them. The three of them walked outside and Robin sent a text to her friend Renee telling her that she was going home with some new friends & not to worry about her. The girls climbed into the back seat of Rich's SUV as he took on his role of designated driver for the night. As soon as they were on the road, Robin slid her right hand down Staci's shirt and began playing with her right nipple before siding her shirt strap down. With Staci's ample breast and petite little nipple on display, Robin leaned in and began returning the favor to Staci that she had done to Robin in the club. Staci leaned back and scooted her hips forward some and slid her left hand down inside her shorts and began rubbing her clit. 

Rich could hear the moans, Robin had pulled Staci's shirt down around her waist and teased one nipple with her hand while her hot mouth was sucking on the other. Staci was working her clit hard and fast and she knew she was close to coming so she told Robin to suck harder on her nipple, to bite it a little too and suck it hard. Robin happily did as Staci told her and began pulling and pinching on her other nipple harder as well as she felt Staci's breathing become pants. Staci was feverishly rubbing her clit and then Robin bit hard on her nipple and it sent her over the edge, she began crying out Robin's name loudly, drowning out the music from the radio. Robin didn't stop her assault on Staci's nipples and kept going causing Staci to have several small orgasms and then a hard climax. Once she came back to earth from her incredible release, Staci leaned her head down against Robin's and almost purred she was so content. She slid a couple fingers inside her gooey pussy and then leaned forward, sliding them into Rich's mouth as he drove. He greedily sucked them into his mouth and slowly licked them clean, savoring the sweet and salty cum of his Domme, the taste he couldn't get enough of. Staci leaned her head against his and asked him if he liked the sound of Robin making her cum. Rich told her it made him even harder and he almost came it was so hot and he begged for another taste of Staci's cum. 

She told him not right now and licked his cheek then sat back and looked at Robin as she slid her fingers back inside herself. She pulled them out and put the fingers up to Robin's lips and told her to open her mouth, she wanted her to taste what she had helped do. Robin was apprehensive at first but opened her lips and let Staci slide her cum covered fingers inside her mouth. Robin was surprised at how good it tasted and quickly began sucking and licking the cum off Staci's fingers and then she leaned over and kissed Staci. The women began kissing and groping each other hot and heavy and didn't notice that the car had stopped until Rich shut the engine off. They got out and walked up to the modest but cute little house, Rich already had the door held open for the ladies by the time they reached it. Once inside, Staci gave Robin a quick tour of the living room, kitchen, dining room, bathroom, guest room and then finally the master bedroom. Once they were all in the bedroom, Staci had Robin sit down on the extra large king size bed and then ordered Rich to undress her. Rich slid Robin's sandals off her feet then stood and pulled her blouse over her head, then he began nuzzling her neck as he reached around and unhooked her bra. 

He carefully peeled it off and then gently began pushing her onto her back and began kissing down her thick and creamy white torso and belly. He unbuttoned and unzipped her jeans with ease and then carefully he grabbed hold of both the pants and her undies. Robin lifted her hips up and Rich worked the last of her clothing over her hips and then down her legs and removing them completely. He gently licked his way back up a short and chubby leg but stopped once he got to her inner thigh because he knew not to make contact with her pussy until his Domme told him he could. Staci walked over and stood along side the bed right by Robin's feet and just looked at Rich, he quickly walked over and began taking off Staci's clothing. She wasn't wearing a bra or panties so he only had a couple items to remove as she had already kicked off her shoes and he did so quickly. Once she was naked, Staci crawled up onto the bed and told Rich to get naked but to just stand there and take in the sight of the 2 hot women laying naked in front of him. 

The women began gently caressing and stroking each others bodies and then Staci asked Rich if he still wanted to taste more of her cum and he told her yes. Then Staci looked at Robin and said that Robin had gotten to taste her and now she wanted to taste Robin. Staci had Robin scoot so that she was laying diagonally on the bed and then grabbed a pillow and laid her lower tummy and pelvis on it as she laid down in between Robin's legs. Once her face was right over Robin's beautiful bald pussy, she told Rich to eat her pussy while she ate Robin's and then buried her face in those smooth lips. Rich bent over the corner of the bed and spread Staci's lips open and hungrily began licking and sucking on Staci's sweet pussy. He loved the fact that she didn't shave it bald, that she left soft fur for him to rub his face all over while he got the pleasure of eating the best tasting pussy he's ever had. Robin was moaning loudly as Staci was pressing her tongue in circles on her swollen clit, enjoying the sensations from the physical stimulation. And the realization that she was letting a woman eat her pussy caused the mental stimulation to be just as intense. Staci slowly sucked Robin's clit into her mouth and continued running her tongue over it as she sucked on it. 

Staci suddenly let Robin's clit pop out of her mouth as Rich's skilled tongue was licking her back and forth from her sopping wet hole back to her tight asshole, sliding his tongue in both. Staci simply panted hot breaths onto Robin's clit and then slid a couple fingers down to her honey pot and began finger fucking her hard. Robin was moaning and panting hard, she could feel a really intense orgasm building and begged Staci to lick her clit. Staci stopped and told Rich to fuck her now, she wanted his cock inside her as she enjoyed the taste of Robin's sweet little pussy. Rich climbed on top of Staci and pulled her hips up just slightly to get her at the perfect angle then he put his cock against her hole. He slowly slid himself inside of her, his full body weight pressing down on her back and huge ass as he buried himself to the hilt, his balls touching her slit. Staci began licking and sucking on Robin's clit hard and fast as she somehow managed to keep her fingers inside Robin's tight little cunt. She just wiggled them around inside, unable to slide them in and out because of Rich laying on top of her, fucking her hard. Robin reached down and pushed Staci's face against her pussy as she tensed and began screaming as her pussy spasmed. An orgasm began rocking her body hard, she was shaking but wasn't able to buck her hips up much because of Staci's face and the weight of Rich on top of Staci. 

Staci kept licking, sucking and fingering Robin's pussy to several orgasms, she only stopped only when Rich's deep fucking caused her to cum. She would moan against Robin's clit and the vibrations kept Robin in a constant state of micro orgasms until her entire body tightened. Just as Staci was having her own climax and her lips were pulling on Robin's clit as she was letting loose with a long string of obscenities and screaming Rich's name. Robin had her own climax after what felt like a blissful eternity of the best and most intense oral sex she's ever been given. It was taking the most self control that Rich has ever had to exhibit not to lose it and cum deep inside Staci's tight snatch after all her orgasms and hearing Robin's. But he didn't dare until Staci told him he could, he knew the punishment for it would be severe and especially cruel because of Robin being there with them. He knew Staci would use Robin as a form of torture by making him sit there with the biggest erection of his life and his hands cuffed. She would continue to do things to make him hard and then let him sit there and suffer with a painful erection, forcing him to watch her and Robin pleasure each other. To not be able to touch or taste these 2 incredibly sexy, large, sexually voracious women in his bed would be the ultimate torture and Staci knew it. Robin was exhausted and Staci knew she needed to give her a slight rest to recuperate so told Rich to lay down on the bed. He said yes Domme and quickly laid down on his back and Staci turned so that her large ass and dripping pussy were over his face. She told him to eat her ass and pussy and make her cum all over his face then practically smothered him with her sex as she grasped the base of his cock and took him into her mouth. 

Staci and Rich stayed in the 69 position for about 10 minutes and then Staci pulled herself off him and looked at Robin. She told him to straddle Robin's chest and tit fuck her but that he couldn't cum on her face, he had to cum all over her tits only. Robin sat up a little so that she was sitting at an angle and Rich did as he was told then groaned as her grabbed Robin's huge melons. They were sweaty and so soft and warm, they felt exquisite on his hard cock as he squeezed them around it. They engulfed him completely and he began sliding himself between them as Robin tilted her head down and licked the head as it peaked through on his upward strokes. Suddenly there was a buzzing sound and then Robin moaned loudly in joy and surprise as she felt a huge vibrator being forcefully shoved inside her. The feeling of being fucked hard and deep by such a big cock as she watched and felt Rich's cock fucking her huge tits was overwhelming. Robin's breathing began to get shallow and her body tensed slightly as she felt another orgasm starting and she screamed "Yes, oh God don't stop you bitch, fuck me harder I wanna cum all over that cock! Cum all over my tits now Rich, I wanna feel your hot cream all over me you bastard!" That hot talk and her screams of delight were too much and Rich finally grunted and groaned as his balls tightened. He began jacking several strings of his spunk all over Robin's huge tits as she came all over the vibrating dildo in her pussy. 

Staci continued to fuck Robin's pussy with the vibrator and began licking her clit causing her to have another orgasm. After Rich climbed off and Robin's breathing & body relaxed, Staci slowly pulled the vibrator out of Robin's cunt and then snaked her way up to Robin's tits. She began greedily licking Rich's cum off of them, gathering it in her mouth and then leaned up and kissed Robin deep, letting her taste it as well. Robin was sucking on Staci's tongue, enjoying the taste of not only Rich's cum but her own as well, it made her feel so dirty and so sexy at the same time. After a few minutes, Staci told Rich to get the cuffs and strap out and Robin got a frightened look on her face, so Staci quickly assured Robin they weren't for her. Robin relaxed as she watched Rich bring the requested items over to the bed and then he laid them down next to Staci and bowed his head. She told him that she wanted to watch him fuck Robin, for him to put her on her hands and knees then fuck her hard and deep. Robin turned over and helped Rich put her into position, then Staci crawled up and knelt with her pussy right in front of Robin's face. Rich stroked himself hard and slipped a condom on then grabbed onto Robin's wide and meaty hips and slammed himself inside her. 
