 Here we were on the road again. Four months into a six month tour. Another non-descript, cheap hotel, somewhere east of I-5 in California. One day left to go in the week, and we were over it. We had three shows the next day and were really looking forward to the spending the weekend in San Francisco. I was lucky on this two man show. Andy was a good guy, and for the amount of time we spent with each other, we didn't get on each others nerves too much. He was from Ohio, I was from New York. He was gay, I was straight. So there could have been some conflict. Fortunately, it didn't play out that way.

It had already been a long drive, and all I wanted was a cold beer, and a good nights sleep. After we checked in, we were driving around the complex looking for our room, when we drove past two girls in cutoffs and bikini tops up on the balcony outside what I assumed to be their room. They were each drinking a beer, and looked pretty good, though both were wearing sunglasses. I slowed down to look for our room number, and not to lie here, check out the girls as well.

"Hey! One yelled. Up here. You guys want a cold beer?"

"Nah, thanks. I shouted back. We're just trying to find our room and get settled in. Thanks for the invite though."

"No problem, the bold one said. But if you change your mind, we'll be here"

I noticed that her silent friend gave her a push on the arm to get her to stop talking to us, but her pal just laughed her off and waved as Andy and I pulled away. 

We finally found our room on the other side of the hotel, grabbed our stuff, and tried to settle in. Andy took the window, which meant I got the shower first. Good trade off ,as I was sticky and nasty. When I got out of the bathroom, I found Andy asleep on his bed, dead to the world. The shower reinvigorated me and I decided to go see if I could find the two girls and the free beer.

I strolled around to the other side of the complex searching in vain for the open door and the two girls. I was going to give up and go back to my room, but decided to go to the second floor and see if I could luck out. I walked slowly past a few rooms that had their blinds open, trying to take a quick peek in the windows without being too obvious. No luck.

But then from behind me a voice yelled, "You! Peeping Tom. We're over here."

I turned around, and from three doors back the girl who had shouted at me earlier, was on the balcony, posing, beer in one hand, and the other on her hip. She looked good, and I made my way back, hoping for the best.

I walked over to the room, stuck out my hand and introduced myself as Bob. She returned the favor and said her name was Nikki.

"Come on in. She said, waving me into their room. This is Toni. Introducing her friend. Let me get you that beer."

With that, she popped a Coors light and handed it to me with a big smile on her face. I took a long pull from the can, wiped my mouth with my hand, and gave a satisfying sigh. 

"Mind if I sit? I asked. It's been a really long week, and I'm pretty wiped out."

"Not at all. Nikki said, gesturing toward one of the two chairs in the room. Relax and enjoy the brew."

I flopped down, truly happy to be sitting. Toni was in the other chair, and Nikki threw herself on the unmade bed. Nikki was really curious as to why Andy and I were in their dusty old town, and when I explained to them that we were touring the west coast doing a kids show, they were really interested in all the experiences we had had, and how we liked the travel, and being away from home for that long a period of time. I talked more about the adventure of it rather than the drag it was of living out of a suitcase.

Eventually, they opened up a bit more about themselves and told me they were both married with two kids each and had been best friends since they were little kids. When I asked about why they were hanging out in the hotel rather than at one of their houses, Toni got quiet again, and Nikki looked really uncomfortable.

Nikki turned to Toni and asked her, "Do you mind if I tell him?" 

Toni shook her head no, but I noticed she teared up as Nikki explained to me that Toni's husband had been cheating on her, and evidently it had been going on for quite a while. I got really uncomfortable, not knowing what to say, when Toni broke down in tears, and Nikki jumped off the bed to comfort her.

"Maybe I'd better go." I said. And with that I got up from the chair and headed toward the door. Before I left, I turned to Toni and I said, "Look, It's none of my business, but if my wife looked as good as you do, the last thing I would do is cheat on her. As a matter of fact you can't even tell you've had a couple of kids. You deserve way better than that."

Now to describe Toni, she had curly blond hair down to her shoulders, more dirty blond than light blond. She had full breasts about the size of oranges with slightly erect nipples that her bikini top did nothing to hide. Nice butt, a little bigger than her frame but not sloppy at all. Nikki, on the other hand was an ash blond with straight hair, a really tiny butt and chest, but was really gorgeous, She looked like she was 16 years old, but was actually in her early thirties.

I grabbed the handle to the door and started to turn it when Toni surprised me by asking if I really thought she looked good? I told her "Of course. I don't give compliments unless I really mean it."

"Thanks. Toni said with a sigh. I haven't heard that from a man in a long time. It sounds really good to me."

"Well you should be told that more often, and if your husband had a brain in his head, he would tell you every day." I told her. "I don't care how long you are in a relationship, you should never be taken for granted."

With that, I walked back into the room and took the chair again, and grabbed another beer. They both seemed genuinely glad that I did, and I handed them each another. We talked for a bit, and I asked Toni what she was going to do going forward? She really didn't know, but she did say that since there were two kids involved that she probably would go home tomorrow and try to work it out. She felt she didn't have too many choices. I told her there were always choices and that she needed to really think it through before she made any final decisions.

All of a sudden Nikki looked at her watch and jumped up and exclaimed, "Oh, God. Tom is going to be home in fifteen minutes. I've got to grab the kids from the sitter and get my ass home." She turned to Toni and said, "Sorry babe, I have to. Are you going to be all right?" 

Toni looked at her with sad eyes and said, "Sure, I'll be fine. Don't worry."

And with that Nikki gave Toni a big hug, and started for the door, telling her she would call her later. She looked at me expectantly, and I stood up to leave as well. Toni surprised me by asking me to stay, telling me she would like to talk some more, and that I was a good listener. Nikki gave her a sideways look, but Toni told her again that she would be fine. At that point, Nikki hugged me as well, and I assured her that I would be leaving in a few minutes. Then she left, leaving the door open behind her.

Toni and I just sat for few minutes in silence before she started to open up about her life a little more. Eventually, she told me that she didn't think this was the first time he had cheated on her, but she couldn't be sure. I asked if he ever hit her, and she assured me that he never had. She said that he was a good dad, and a good provider, but that their sex life had become non-existent. When I asked how that happened, she told me they had been childhood sweethearts, he was a football player, she was a cheerleader, cliche' stuff, and that he was her first and only lover. Then she told me that after their second kid a few years ago, that he lost all interest, telling her she was loose inside and he wasn't really attracted to her anymore.

With that, Toni started to cry again, and I felt the need to comfort her. I reached toward her, and she took my hand. I gently pulled her to my chair and had her sit on my lap. She dropped her head on my shoulder, put her arms around my neck, and didn't say anything. I just stroked her hair with my hand and let her get it all out. After a few minutes, she raised her head and told me thanks. 

I kissed her on each cheek, and she started to get up, when I said. "You know, maybe it's not your insides that are loose. Maybe, he has a small dick." I gave her a grin, letting her know that I was kidding with her, and she started laughing telling me that maybe I was right , and that she had never thought of that.

At that point, she settled back down on my lap and put her arms around me again. She looked at me with a mixture of passion and apprehension, not knowing which way to go. I kissed her gently on the mouth, giving her little love nips on her lips. Eventually our tongues started to play together, slowly at first, but then the longer that she stayed on my lap, the more passionate our kissing became. We kissed for quite a while and I felt Toni pull our bodies closer together. Her breasts pressed against my chest, and she started to squirm a bit in my lap. I stroked her neck and shoulders and then the side of her breasts, not wishing to frighten her. She moaned softly and tightened her arms around my neck, until I felt uncomfortable in the chair.

I took my hands and separated from her for a moment, and asked her if she had and lotion or baby oil in her purse? She told me yes, but had a puzzled look on her face. I told her to get it, and give it to me. She got up to grab her purse, and with that I stood up, went to the door, which was still open, and turned to her, asking if it was okay to close it. She didn't say anything, but nodded yes, at which point, I closed the door, and drew the blinds, observing dusk had started to settle in. 

Toni came back over to me with a small bottle of baby oil and gave it to me without a word. I took it, but didn't release her hand. Instead, I kissed her palm, and her wrist. My lips could tell how fast her pulse was , and I took her hand and placed it on my chest, so she could feel the beating of my heart. I kissed her again, and started walking her toward the bed. As we got to the bed she looked at me with some fear in her eyes.

I took her other hand in mine and said, "From this point on, it's all about you. Not about me. I'm going to treat you like you should be treated every day. I won't do anything you are uncomfortable with and if you tell me no, then it's no. Okay?"

She took a second, nodded yes, and I told her to lie face down on the bed. She did, and as she did, I quickly grabbed a towel from the bathroom. I sat along side her prone body, put some of the oil on my hands, and gently started to massage her. I used a tiny drop of oil to start with, rubbing it on her temples, which I think surprised her. I kissed her ear lobe, which elicited a soft moan, and then I kissed the nape of her neck. I started massaging her neck and shoulders, and eventually worked my way down to her back. She was so tense that actually said ow a few times as I worked her muscles. I bypassed her bikini top, and worked my way down her body until I got to the top of her cutoff jeans. 

At this point I stopped for a moment. Toni turned her head to me, and asked what was wrong? I told her nothing, but I wanted to know if it was okay to do undo the hooks on her bikini. She told me yes, and started to reach for them but I pushed her hand away and repeated that it was all about her. I unhooked her top and let the straps fall to the bed, not trying to remove the top itself. I started to work her back from the base of her spine all the way up to her neck and finally started to feel the results. She went completely limp, and just let herself get into the massage. Again I stopped, but this time I was direct and told her I wanted to take her cutoffs off so I could straddle her in comfort. She hesitated for a moment, but I told her to keep her swimsuit bottoms on for modesty. She agreed and reached beneath herself and undid the top button and the zipper. I told her I would take them off and to relax. I slid them down, and got them off of her. A bit of her suit edged down as well, but I quickly pulled it back into place, as to not frighten her.

I started on her legs ,calves and her feet, pausing now and then to kiss her on the back of her knees, and her feet. She wasn't making a lot of noise but was moving around on the bed more and more. I stopped again and before she could say anything, I told her I wanted to take her bottoms off so I could massage her butt. She didn't say a word, but lifted her ass off the bed so I could remove them. She had a nice behind. A bit large, but firm and inviting. I worked her body from top to bottom occasionally kissing her sensitive spots, until I finally felt she was ready. I told her to open her legs slightly so I could work her inner thighs. This time she didn't hesitate, and spread her legs wide open for me. I dropped between them and slowly bathed the inside of her thighs with my lips and tongue. The closer I got to her sweet center the more I could smell her arousal. As I got ready to taste her Toni tensed up and tightened her legs around my head. I paused for a moment and asked if it was okay for me to do this? She said she wasn't sure, that no one had done this to her before. 

At that moment, had she seen my face she would have seen a look of incredulity and disbelief, but I kept my thoughts to myself, and started kissing the hollows of her thighs. she relaxed a bit and spread her legs a bit wider. I started kissing her outer lips from behind. They were soaking wet, and it made it easy to let me start working my tongue inside of her. She cried out with passion, and pushed herself back onto my mouth. I got my arms underneath her which forced her into a slight kneeling position, and I ate her out for the very first time in her life. I couldn't give the attention to her clit that I wanted to, so I asked her to completely get on her knees for a moment. As she did, I rolled on my back, and pushed myself up on the bed so we were face to face. She was holding her bikini top to her breasts, with an apprehensive look on her face. I tried to take the top from her, when she cried out, "No. I don't want you to."

"Okay, Okay. I said. Nothing you are not comfortable with. But why?"

Toni looked at me with pain in her eyes and said, "Billy said they are ugly, and no one wants to see them." 

"Jesus, what an asshole, I thought to myself." But I said nothing.

Instead, I caressed Toni's cheek and drew her down to me, keeping her top in place, but pressing her chest against me as we kissed. She tasted her own juices for the very first time and it seemed to turn her on even more as she slid down on top of me in a dominant position. Finally, I asked her if I could take my clothes off? She shyly said, "Yes." and raised up on me straddling my groin. 

I took off my shirt, and once my hands were free, reached for her top again and again, she stopped me. "Please, I pleaded. I won't judge."

She slowly nodded her head yes, and tossed her top off the bed. Her breasts were as I imagined in size, but they did have a slight sag to them and two light stretch marks on each of them.

Her eyes started to fill up, and she cried out to me, "See. They're hideous. No wonder he doesn't want me anymore."

"No, No, No. I said. To me, they're the mark of being a real woman. Did he really think that after two kids you would still have the body of a sixteen year old? I bet he doesn't look sixteen anymore himself? Am I right."

Toni nodded her head yes, and with that I cupped both of her breasts in my hands, sucking on her brown nipples, tracing my tongue on those subtle stretch marks, letting her know that I found every inch of her body attractive. I slid back down on the bed and let her slowly lower herself back onto my mouth, at which point I gave her clit the attention it deserved. I lashed it lightly, then firmly, around it, then directly on it until her breath quickened and it became gasps. She grabbed the back of my head, and pressed her entire weight down on my face, and screamed with joy, as she rode out the long wave of her orgasm.

Eventually, she fell to my side on the bed, with her arm across my chest trying to catch her breath. At that moment, her phone rang. She jumped off the bed, looked at the number, and ignored it. I had stood up next to the bed, and took my shorts and underwear off, letting my poor cock finally spring into full view. Toni's eyes widened a bit when she saw it, but at that moment, her phone rang again. This time, she answered it. It was Nikki, who was surprised that I was still there, but was reassured by Toni that everything was alright, and she would tell her the whole story in the morning. I had laid back on the bed, and gestured Toni back over to me after she hung up. She sat on the side of the bed and looked at me for direction. I told her to get on top of me. That I wanted her to control the ride.

Toni looked at me for a moment and said, "Billy never lets me do that. I've always wanted to, but he always wants to be on top. He says he enjoys it more that way."

"Well, I replied. This isn't about me or Billy. As I said, this is all about you."

And with that I pulled her on top of me. Toni opened her legs above me but waited on me to make the next move. I rubbed my head against her still very wet lips, and let her slowly lower herself on to my rock solid cock. She continued down at her own speed until our pubic bones made contact with each other. At this point, she became unsure of herself, and looked to me for help. I got my hands under her butt, and started to raise and lower her on my spear. Toni finally found her rhythm, and took my hands out from under her ass and pinned them above my shoulders. She started riding me faster as she became more comfortable. Her moaning became deeper and longer as she gripped my hands with a strength I didn't know she had. She started kissing me deeply as her orgasm approached, when finally she raised up off my chest, looked right into my eyes, and cried out my name as she came. She continued to grind on me for a few seconds as the moment passed. She dismounted me and laid on top of me, kissing my face, lips, and neck.

We rested for a few minutes, when Toni noticed my cock was still hard. 

"Oh no. She cried. You didn't cum."

She started to get upset, but I stopped her by saying again it was all about her, and not to worry. That wasn't good enough for her though, and said she wanted me to cum, but was too sore to take me back inside her. I suggested that she go down on me but she wasn't comfortable with that, and I told her I understood. We laid there for a moment, when I felt her hand drop to my cock, and slowly start to stroke me. Her juices had dried on me by this point, so I told her to stop and let me get the baby oil. I drizzled some on myself, and told her to continue. She was a bit hesitant at the beginning, but picked up the pace as she gained confidence. I was on my back, and she was on her side as I got closer and closer to my release. I told her I was ready and kissed her but she pulled back from me and locked her eyes on my pulsing prick. I felt it rise through my cock, and I started to shoot. A huge load, that shot up onto my chest and belly, gave me the release I so desperately needed. Toni looked at me with her mouth open in surprise, when suddenly she shyly stuck out her tongue and took a drop of my cum off my chest. She hesitated for a second, then licked all of it off my chest, belly and cock. She took my cock in her mouth for a few seconds, but then pulled off me, rose back up and kissed me.

We laid in silence for a few minutes, when Toni turned on her side and told me. "Look, I don't know what is going to happen with Billy, but I am so glad we found each other, at least for this one night."
