 What is it like being the rebound guy? Well, once you've figured out that you actually are the rebound guy, it's a real bitch. I didn't figure it out until it was clear she wasn't interested anymore. We had met through a mutual friend and had hit it off pretty well. Unfortunately she was only two months off of a four-year relationship with some guy in the Navy. From what my friend told me the guy was a real jerk, but she kept going out with him. I guess that was why she simply stopped calling me.

Heather had been a real sweet girl, shy and quiet, but loving with a great imagination. Apparently I just wasn't what she was looking for. That was how I found myself sitting in a back booth at a bar, watching the Friday night crowd while holding a beer I had no intention of drinking. I never drink. That whole intoxication thing just doesn't work for me, but I always keep a beer on hand so that I don't look like a stalker while I'm watching the people in the clubs.

Checking my watch, I saw it was only ten thirty, but I knew that I'd just end up sitting here at the same table like I always did if I stayed. Getting up, I left my untouched beer and made my way out the door, leaving behind the loud music to the quiet evening of the city streets on the main drag.

I decided to go for a walk to clear my head of the smoke and the noise. Maybe not the best idea considering the stories you read in the newspaper about crime rates, but I felt it was safe for now. I turned down an alley to cross to the next block were my car was parked. I was halfway through when I heard the yelling.

Pausing in the shadow of a doorway, I watched as some guy shoved a woman out of the door of one of the buildings. She hit the wall and kind of fell in a heap as he moved towards her. It was clear that by the way he moved that he was absolutely faced and that he'd be puking his guts up come morning.

"Stufid bitsh," he said "wha the fucsk did I tells youuu abou...about *hic* cheein on me..."

She stood up, her back pressed against the wall. I could see from the light near the back door that she was pretty. Long blonde hair, a nice body under a skirt and a tank top with a jacket over it. She had long legs too, ending in a pair of black ankle boots. All in all she was a pretty hot little number...but my attention quickly went back to the guy as he cornered her.

"I told you Nick I don't want to go out with you anymore!" She saidsaid, "weWe're through!"

By the sound of her voice I could tell she was scared and who could blame her. Nick was a pretty big guy, but I wasn't going to stand by and let him hurt this girl. I looked around for a make shift weapon of some kind, and noticed a construction scaffolding nearby with a toolbox on a lower plank. Inside were a number of screwdrivers but I didn't want to kill this guy, just give him a bit of pain to keep him distracted. The answer was the heavy wrench in the box. Grabbing it, I moved down the alley as quietly as I could, staying in the shadows to avoid being seen by Nick. But there wasn't much chance of that considering how drunk he was.

"We are not throufgh!!" Nick yelled, spitting in his slur as he grabbed a handful of the girl's hair. "Youer MY gurl, Jenny and its gonna stay tha way!"

The girl saw me right as I came up behind Nick, her eyes going wide, but Nick was a little to pre-occupied to notice. Too bad for him.

I yelled "Hey Nick!"

As the oaf spun around, the term "five across the eyes" came to mind as I backhanded him with the flat end of the wrench, causing blood to squirt from his newly broken nose and a nice big dent right between his eyes. He'd feel that one in the morning, but I wasn't done yet. As Nick was screaming in pain and grabbing for his face, I swung low for the money shot, nailing him with the heavy steel right in his family jewels. The bastard went down like a rag doll and stayed down, out cold.

As I stood there, my heart started pounding as I realized what I'd just done. I'd just beaten the fuck out of some stranger with a wrench and it dawned on me that I could be in some serious shit. At the same time, I felt righteous, justified. All the frustration and anger I felt at Heather for dumping me was suddenly released when I beat the hell out of this asshole. All I could do was drop the wrench on the ground and stare at the guy as he lay there. The one consolation was that he was still breathing, that much I could see.

"Oh my God!"

I turned then to look at the girl, and I couldn't help but realize she was even prettier up close. She had blue eyes...bright, blue eyes that almost glowed, but I could see them brimming with tears as she looked from me to Nick and then back to me.

"I...are you all right?" It was all I could think to ask.

"Jesus Christ do you realize what you just did?!" She yelled "We've got to get out of here!"

Grabbing my hand, she ran down the alley with me in tow, going in the direction that I was headed for anyway. As we emerged on the street corner, I looked back to see a group of guys coming out of the building and standing around the fallen Nick. A second later they looked up at us and began pointing and yelling before taking off at a run after us.

"Oh shit, they've seen us! Come on!"

My pretty young companion tried to drag me off down the sidewalk, but I pulled her instead.

"No, my cars this way!"

Racing across the street with my hand in hers, I reached into my pocket for my keys and hit the button to unlock the doors. I threw open my door and jumped inside. 

"Hurry up and get in!" I yelled. She did just as I started the car and began peeling out of the parking lot. In a second we were already in the street and in a minute we were gone. My Mustang still ran well after three years, a good graduation present. I made a mental note to thank my mom and dad again for it.

After tearing at break neck speed through a few blocks and running more than one red light, I began to slow down, checking my mirrors to make sure that Nick's goon squad wasn't following us. Once I was sure that they weren't, I looked over at my passenger to see that she was still looking around for any sign of her ex-boyfriend.

"So...you got a name?"

"Yeah...I'm, um, Jenny..." She was turned around in her seat, looking for the cars. Turning around, she sunk down in the seat some and looked over at me a little fearfully. "Who are you?"

"My names Michael." I turned the corner and drove towards the highway. "So what was the deal with old Nick back there?"

"He *was* my boyfriend...but we broke up." She kind of laughed and sobbed at the same time. "Or at least I tried to break up with him. But he's crazy...he's got this obsession with me and he won't let go. I tried to get a restraining order against him but then he showed up at the club with his guys and started roughing up this guy I was talking to and then he chased me into the alley and I thought he was going to kill me and if you hadn't come in he probably would have and, and-"

She broke down sobbing then, her head in her hands, her whole body shaking. I pulled over on to the shoulder then and shut off the engine, turning to look at her.

"Hey, take it easy." I reached out and put my hand on her arm "You're safe now. He can't hurt you anymore. Just calm down, ok?"

She looked up at me then, her cheeks wet with tears that glistened in the streetlight coming in through the windshield. I was taken back by the look she gave me, a confused look, like she didn't know what it was like for someone to do something nice for her. Then she suddenly threw her arms around my neck and hugged me tightly, sobbing into my neck.

"Oh God, thank you!" She cried "Thank you so much!"

I put my arms around her and hugged her close. She had on some kind of strong perfume, smelling of raspberries. It was delicious and I had to resist the temptation to lick her neck. As I was holding her, I could feel my cock hardening, and I knew this definitely wasn't the time for that kind of display. Reluctantly I let go of her and she sat back, scrubbing tears from her face and trying to smile at me.

"Why don't I go ahead and take you home, ok?"

"No!" She said "I was...staying with Nick when we broke up...and I don't have anywhere else to go."

"All right," I said "then you can crash at my place tonight. Tomorrow we'll go to the police and let them deal with this guy."

"You don't live...here in the city do you?" She asked, "Nick, he runs with a gang and he might find your place and I can't have you getting hurt."

I smiled and reached out for her hand, squeezing it. "Relax...I live in the next town over. A good drive but we'll be safe."

This news seemed to calm her down and she smiled again and nodded. With that, I started the car up and took off for the highway. It was an hour-long drive home and during that time I got to know Jenny a bit more. She was only nineteen at the moment and had left her parents home at seventeen, thinking she could make it on her own without any help. It was a big mistake and she ended up having to work at a strip club to earn some extra money just to pay for rent and food. Nick and his gang worked protection at this strip joint and they eventually just hooked up more for sex and convenience than out of any kind of love.

Nick, I learned, was quite an alcoholic and drug abuser, but that came with being part of a gang. At first, things had been going fine, but after a few months Nick got more and more jealous whenever Jenny even looked at another girl. He had started abusing her a month ago and it quickly grew out of control, to the point where Nick, in his drug induced rage, had pulled a gun and threatened to kill Jenny if she ever tried to leave him. The restraining order came next, but it was easy to see just how well that had worked.

"With Nick's thugs always on the street, it's impossible to try and hide. So I've got to get out of the city and find somewhere that he can't find me."

I smiled at her. "Don't worry. Right now Nick is in traction and has no clue where we're headed. And tomorrow is another day."

She grinned, a cute, funny grin that made her face just light up. "Oh God, that was amazing what you did! I mean you absolutely laid into him with that wrench! I mean you just came out of nowhere and wham! You're like some kind of hero! Where did you come from anyway?"

Still smiling, I shrugged. "I was heading home actually...cutting through the alley to get to my car."

"Wow...I'm lucky you were passing by then."

"I don't believe in luck," I said "Just fate."

Smiling then, she slid across the seat and snuggled up against me, staring out the window. I could smell her raspberry perfume again as I put my arm around her and we drove in silence the rest of the way.

It was twenty more minutes before I finally pulled into the parking lot of my apartment complex. The neighborhood was quiet due to the fact that it was past midnight by now. I pulled into my space and shut off the engine, looking over to Jenny. Still leaning against me, she was asleep, her breathing coming evenly now. She looked so sweet sitting there, I didn't want to bother her, but the car was definitely no place to sleep.

Gently nudging her, I whispered her name and she woke up, blinking her eyes and looking around a minute. "Come on, we're at my place now."

She nodded and climbed out of the car and I followed suit. Coming around the front, she slid her hand into mine and smiled as I led her up the stairs to my hole-in-the-wall apartment. To be fair it wasn't that bad, but it wasn't the Hilton either. One bedroom, one bathroom, a dining kitchen, and the living room.

Jenny looked around, taking note of the large number of odds and ends I had tacked on the wall, sketches and drawings I had framed, my diploma hanging over the back of the couch, my AA (Associate of Arts) Degree in Journalism beside it. The small bar with a window to the kitchen had a broad sword hanging over it, something I'd picked up at a Renaissance festival and used as a theft deterrent device.

I pulled my jacket off and hung it on the coat rack as I spoke "If you want, I'll let you have the bed and I'll stay on the couch."

"Well, why don't you stay in the bed with me tonight?" She asked.

Turning around, I saw her slid her jacket off and let it drop to the floor, exposing her slender arms and even more of her fine figure beneath that tank top she was wearing. Before I could say anything, she wrapped her arms around my neck and pressed her lips against mine. Her warm, wet tongue snaked out and urged my mouth open, and it didn't take much urging. I parted my lips and let her tongue inside, allowing her to explore my mouth and give me a taste of hers. Her breath was sweet and light and I could taste the remains of red wine on her tongue and lips. My hands moved to her waist and quickly made their way around her as I was caught up in the moment.

A second later rational thought had the nerve to enter my brain and I pulled back from the kiss, trying my best to resist the urge to strip her right there despite the growing bulge in my pants.

"I know I helped you out but...you don't have to do this." I said.

She giggled and went up on her toes, biting my lip hard and dragging her teeth across it before letting it go, and causing my cock to become rock hard in the process. "You're sweet, Michael. But that's the whole point." She reached for my pants, unsnapping them and pulling the zipper down before she began untucking my shirt. "You're not making me fuck you. Hell, you're even giving me a choice. Do you know how long it's been since I've had the chance to pick the guy I wanted to roll in the sack with?"

She reached her hand down into my pants and my boxers then, wrapping her cool, slender fingers around my dick and massaging it slowly. "Besides...I've got this real good feeling you're not going to disappoint me." She giggled again and then kissed me hard, moaning hotly into my mouth. I certainly couldn't disappoint her and I knew she wouldn't disappoint me!

My arms went around her waist again as I returned her kiss, my hands grabbing her ass and lifting her up off the floor. Squealing, she wrapped her legs around my waist, her skirt riding up to her hips as she ground her crotch against mine. I turned around and pressed her against the wall, taking my turn to bite at her lip and listen to her.

She moved to my neck, running her tongue across my collarbone, her hands sliding across my chest. Grinning, she grabbed my hand and ran into the bedroom, giggling as I stumbled after her. Spinning me around, she shoved me back on the bed and then climbed up on top, straddling my hips as she leaned down and kissed me again, pulling my tongue into her mouth this time.

Pulling away, she sat up and smiled down at me, reaching for the hem of her shirt and pulling it up over her head. As it came off, her bare tits bounced free, revealing that she hadn't been wearing a bra the entire time. She giggled at my surprised look and reached up, cupping her breasts and kneading them as she leaned her head back and moaned softly, pinching her bright pink nipples.

I took the initiative then and sat up, sliding my hands up along her bare back, my fingers trailing over the curve of her spine. She lifted her head and looked at me before offering me her delicious looking nipple. My tongue touched her skin before my lips did, swirling around the areole. Then I took her tit into my mouth and began feasting on her sweet tasting skin. She moaned, running her hands through my hair as I swirled my tongue over her nipple, lightly nibbling at it with my teeth.

Pulling my head back, she reached down and began pulling up my shirt, so I raised my arms and led it slide off, tossing it onto the floor as she fell on top of me and kissed me again, her stiff nipples rubbing against my chest, her arms tight around my neck. She was hot for it, and I wasted no time in stripping her down the rest of the way. In a flurry of movement, rolling, writing bodies, and flinging of clothes, her skirt and black lace panties came off, and my pants and boxers followed, making a nice mess on the floor around my bed.

Jenny straddled my hips again, pulling me up to duel tongues with me once more, my board-stiff prick pressed against her flat stomach. Reaching down, her hand wrapped around it again and began stroking it slowly, her slender fingers expertly working me over, sending chills and threads of pleasure through me.

"Mmm...I've got to have a taste of this."

Pushing me back down on the bed, she slithered down between my legs, settling on her elbows and smiling up at me as she flicked her tongue over the head of my cock, teasing it with lollipop licks before her sweet lips slid down on me, her cheeks hollowing out as she began sucking expertly on my stiff member. Slurping and smacking sounds filled the room as she worked it over like nothing I'd ever felt. I was afraid she was trying to devour me, and at times she sucked so hard it almost hurt.

Moaning, I reached down and slid my hands through her hair, beginning to guide her head, urging her to go down on me faster. I felt my balls tensing up and I knew if she kept it up I was going to come straight down her throat.

She must have sensed this because she suddenly stopped and squeezed my cock at the base to prevent my impending orgasm. "No no...not until I get what I want." She stared up at me, but she wasn't the cute, bubbly girl from a few moments ago. She was a woman in need, her face etched with a desire and a look that said 'You either fuck me or I make you fuck me.'

I knew what she wanted and I wasn't going to waste any time in giving it to her. Grabbing her under her arms, I practically dragged her off the bed, making her squeal as she straddled my chest. Grinning down at me again, she licked her lips and slid forward, raising up on her knees until her pussy was right above my face. I could see how wet she was by the juices that were already covering her thighs. Sliding my arms behind her legs, I took hold of her hips and pulled her succulent snatch down onto my mouth, my tongue snaking up and slowly running across her lips. I heard her sigh and continued teasing her with small licks, lapping up the excess cream from her sweet lips. She came down more, finally setting her snatch completely on my mouth, and my tongue immediately slid up inside her wet hole, sucking out the juices there while completely gorging myself on her slit, bringing my tongue out from every few seconds to flick across her clit.

By now she was so hot that she didn't need much more encouraging getting into the swing of things. Grinding her slit down against my face in an attempt to smother me with her dripping sex, she squeezed her tits and pinched her nipples, her blonde head thrown back and eyes closed as with every passing second I brought her one step closer to paradise.

Suddenly she pulled off of me and rolled over onto her back, using her momentum to pull me on top of her. She was practically writhing under me,me; she was so hot for it. "I want to cum with you inside of me...come on, Michael, stick your cock inside of me and fuck me!"

Well, since she'd asked so politely. Reaching between us, I took hold of my hard, slick rod and ran it through the cream that coated her pussy, causing her to moan in frustration at my teasing. However, I knew better than to leave her hanging too long, and in a moment I positioned my head at her wet entrance and began pushing my hips forward. Sliding in was easy due thanks to her sticky honey pot, but she was tight too, and as I continued moving further into her, my cock throbbed inside the moist warmth of her cunt.

"Oh, God! Fuck me! FUCK ME!" She was almost screaming now and I quickly kissed her to try and muffle her screams, since I didn't want my neighbors banging on my door anytime soon. I pulled back until only my head remained lodged inside of her before pushing myself back in with a quick, hard thrust. She moaned into my mouth and sucked on my tongue desperately as she began pumping her hips to meet with my thrusts.
