 The novelty of traveling had worn off quickly and over time he had resigned himself to nights alone in hotels, eating takeout food. He spent three weeks out of four on the road, and that aspect of his life had become quite tedious. The local nightlife here in suburban New Jersey was usually nothing to write home about either.

At the end of that particular workday, the branch employees had invited him to join them at a local pub to celebrate a coworker's birthday. It had actually been a pretty fun night – for once the bar had good live entertainment, the conversation was witty, the drinks flowed freely, and the women in attendance were particularly good looking. He had enjoyed himself immensely. But as with all things, the night was ending and they said their goodbyes as they walked to their cars.

One of the women, a gregarious blond with a pretty face and enormous boobs, fell in next to him as he walked toward his car. 

"I left my car at the office," she said. "Do you think you could give me a ride back?" Never one to deprive himself of good looking company, he immediately agreed. It was on the way to the hotel, but he would have driven out of his way to be alone with this beauty.

She was more looped than he was, so their small talk was interspersed with fits of giggling and laughter at his lame attempts at humor. As he drove, she rested her left hand on his right thigh, a rather intimate gesture from someone he barely knew. Her fingers even rubbed his leg, causing an immediate reaction in his nether regions. He pulled into the parking lot next to her car and turned off the ignition.

Wasting no time and without a word, she lifted her left hand, put it behind his head, and pulled his face to her, planting a long, deep, hungry kiss on him. Her tongue pushed insistently into his mouth and a moan rumbled up from her throat. Obviously anxious for something, her right hand had dropped to his crotch and her fingers explored his ever hardening manhood through his pants. Breaking the kiss, she gave an exasperated sigh and used both hands to unbuckle his belt, unzip his pants, reach into his boxers, and pull out his raging hardon. In a moment she had him fully in her mouth.

What she lacked in finesse she more than made up for in enthusiasm. Her head moved rapidly up and down, as if his was the last cock in existence and she wanted all of it at once. He didn't think it was possible for a woman to move her head that fast with a cock in her mouth, but she proved it could be done. 

Between the friction of her lips and her following hand, his orgasm came quickly. He always warned his partners – "Oh man, I'm cumming" – but she kept at it, so he rightly figured she wanted the final prize. As he began to spasm, she stopped her movements and kept her mouth around him as each spurt filled it, the excess running out of her lips and dribbling down his shaft. As his cock began to finally soften she lifted her mouth from it and swallowed the huge deposit he had made. With another long, lingering kiss, she smiled, opened the door, and left with a quick "Until next time...". He was left breathless at everything that had just happened.

Subsequent trips became much more interesting. The best part is that they both entered into this without any expectations of the other – they both liked sex, and they didn't play any silly games about commitment or love. Their respective mates didn't have to know about it; there were no repercussions, nothing beyond some no-strings, unattached, casual sex. He had come to appreciate the way East Coast women knew what they wanted and had no problem going after it.

On his next visit they had gone to the same bar, but as soon as they were back in the car her face was buried in his lap without even a nod to preparation. Another energetic blowjob, another load swallowed eagerly. Not many words, just oral sex. 

Each meeting took things a step further. On his next trip she met him for drinks at the hotel bar. There was even less pretension this time – they knew from the start where it was going, and just lubed the rails with some alcohol. 

They actually had more to drink than they had planned, and the thoughts of what both of them knew was going to happen added to the excitement of anticipation. They made small talk in the elevator and down the hall to his room. Once in the door they were all over each other, groping and rubbing and kissing, each hungry for the other. She was wearing a short skirt, and she slipped her shoes off then slid the skirt and her panties off in a flash. He wanted to finally see all of her, so he unzipped her sweater. She shrugged that off quickly unclasped her bra, adding that to the pile of clothes on the floor. He dropped his pants and boxers and ripped off his shirt. 

Her boobs were as glorious as he had imagined. These were the real thing, not the invention of some plastic surgeon. She was of an age that they stood upright on their own in spite of their size - he estimated that was a D cup - which made them all the more appealing. Almost perfectly round, they were pale in the room light, with nipples and aureoles just the right contrasting pink. He reached for them.

She was too anxious to waste time on foreplay. Taking his hands as he reached out, she pulled him back toward the bed until she fell backward into it, then slid herself up onto the pillows. Spreading her legs wide, she reached for him.

"There'll be time for all that later. Right now I need you to fuck me," she said.

He sought to oblige her wishes and knelt between her legs, and she grabbed his cock and guided it expertly into her already wet pussy. Burying himself in her, he immediately began pumping. He could feel his balls against her ass on every thrust, and her legs moved next him like pistons, pulling him in. He felt the smoothness of her thighs against his sides, the firm mountains of her breasts pressing into his chest, and heard her grunting and heavy breathing as they both approached orgasm. 

A whimper escaped her lips as she came and pressed her body tightly against his for several moments; he could feel the spasms of her orgasm around his cock. He started thrusting again, but just as he began to cum she whispered "Don't cum in me!" He pulled out and shot his hot load onto her stomach and those beautiful tits, then collapsed onto her chest.

When their breathing had returned to normal he got out of bed and fetched a towel, returning to wipe his cum from their bodies. Throwing the towel aside, he laid on his back as she lay next to him, her breast resting on his chest and her head on his shoulder. 

"That was just what I needed," she said.

"Mmm-hmmm," was his contented reply. "Yeah, that was nice."

"Sorry I made you pull out," she continued, "but the last thing I need is to get pregnant to someone else while I'm off the pill."

"No problem there. I had a vasectomy five years ago," he explained.

She raised her head and looked at his face. "So you're shooting blanks?" she asked.

"Yep. Completely sterile." She smiled and put her had back down on his shoulder.

She reached for the remote and turned on the TV, finding the soft core porn that some cable channels ran at night. Watching simulated sex after having just fucked like animals seemed silly, but the actors and actresses were reasonably convincing and quite attractive. 

"I like to watch this stuff sometimes. Maybe I can learn something new," she explained.

"You could teach them," he said with a chuckle. "I call these 'fake fuck films.' They're usually completely unconvincing, but this one is pretty good." She laughed at that name.

She absentmindedly toyed with his cock while they watched, and between that and the beautiful tits and ass on TV, she began to get a rise out of him again. She found herself breathing a bit heavier too. 

"Oh my," she said. "Are you ready again?" 

"Not quite yet," he replied, "but you're certainly getting me there." 

She lowered her head to his chest and watched his member grow harder as she stroked. Planting soft kissed on his torso, her head moved slowly down until she could again take him into her mouth. With the first session behind them and all the time in the world, she went much more slowly this time and gave him a long, luxuriant blowjob, caressing every inch of his cock with her lips and tongue. When she took her time like this she was actually pretty damn good. He didn't have to do anything, just lie back and enjoy the experience of watching her head move slowly up and down his shaft. His right hand rested on the back of her head as she sucked, and his left stroked her bare back. Within a few minutes he was fully hard again. 

Without a word she sat up, swung her right leg over him, and straddled his midsection while facing away from him in a reverse cowgirl position. Lifting her ass, she reached down to grab his shaft and guided it into her for a second go around. Leaning slightly forward with her hands on his calves, her eyes following the simulated action on the TV, she began to rise and fall on his cock, moving her ass up and down exquisitely as he watched himself moving in and out between the her shapely cheeks. 

Having cum so recently he lasted a long time, but neither of them was in a hurry and she moved slowly enough to keep things going quite nicely. Eventually his more basic instincts took over and he began thrusting more, meeting her ass as it fell repeatedly. He held her hips as her pace quickened, until with a final plunge he pushed into her and held as another orgasm washed over him. She pressed down on him as he spasmed and filled her up with his jizz. He could see a satisfied smile on her face as it reflected in the mirror next to the TV. She liked the knowledge that she turned men on.

His last trip left them both with a fond memory. This time they were saying goodbye as he was being transferred to another position and wouldn't be visiting that area again. Standing next to the car, wrapped in each other's arms with their lips locked together, they knew they had to make the most of the remaining time. "I wish we were someplace more private," she opined. "We've had lots of fun and I wanted to make this last time memorable."

"We don't need privacy," he explained. "There's no one else here, and at this hour there isn't going to be." Before she could say anything, he spun her around so she faced her car and gently pushed her forward against the fender. She was wearing a dress that night, so he hiked the skirt above her waist and slid her panties down to her knees. Reaching around with his left hand to finger her pussy, he used his right to awkwardly unbuckle he belt, unzip his pants, and push those and his boxers down until his throbbing shaft was free. 

Moving his left hand to her hip, he used his right to guide his Johnson toward her pussy, but she had quickly gotten into the action and reached between her legs to grab him and guide it the rest of the way. She bent forward more, leaning over the rear fender of her Nissan as he grasped her hips and began pumping her from behind. Her ass felt cool and smooth against him, and between that and the excitement of doing it in public he was ready to come quickly. He came so hard it actually hurt, each spasm like a sharp blow inside him. He had never come so hard or for so long, making this one of the most memorable fucks ever. They held in that position for several minutes until their breathing returned to normal, then rearranged their clothing. With a final lingering kiss they said good bye and parted for the last time. 

No regrets, just a lifetime of memories.