 It has been a very, very good day. But then, almost every day is a good day in the cool of the woods during the height of August in upstate New York. Several things worked together to make this day in particular a very, very good day.

First, they were away at camp - their weekend retreat from Memorial Day to Labor Day. It wasn't anything fancy, just a park model RV on a lot in a park with about 40 other families with similar set-ups, but private enough that they could call it their own. It was a short walk down to the lake, just far enough from the water to be protected from the thunderstorms that blew across the water in the late afternoons on the hottest days. Their lot was on the corner, with just enough trees to offer relief from the hot summer sun, but on the edge of a central clearing so they never felt like they were isolated.

The second thing that had made the day so good was the fact that their children had left early that morning with their grandparents, headed to The Great Escape amusement park. With the kids gone, they had slept late, had a late breakfast and lounged around and read the paper. Finally around noon, they went to town and did some shopping and had a nice lunch. Spending the day together, they had the chance to fall back into a comfortable rhythm with each other. No stress - they sat on the same side of the booth at lunch and talked in a low, conspiring tone that drew curious looks from the waitress. Later, they held hands while they shopped. 

They returned to camp and ate a light dinner. At that time of year, it stayed light until almost 9:00. They played cards at the picnic table, sitting on the same bench. They had a few drinks, talking and laughing and just luxuriating in the chance to spend extended time alone together sharing each other's company.

It was a warm summer day, and they both had worn their camp "uniforms" - t-shirts and shorts. Their closeness together, with their bare legs below their shorts occasionally touching, their arms brushing when they reached for a card, got both of them thinking about possibilities for later that evening. Talking and laughing slowly turned to flirting and the occasional kiss, or caress. Just as it was getting too dark to play cards any longer, the kids arrived with their grandparents. They were exhausted from getting up early and the long day of walking in the sun from ride to ride and playing at the water park. Soon, talk of bed for the kids and going home for the grandparents led to a round of thank you and goodbyes.

The third thing that made the day unusually good was the fact that they would be sleeping in a tent behind the trailer tonight. This was a first. Their kids sometimes stayed in the tent, especially when they had friends come to camp with them. But their children wanted to stay inside this weekend, mostly so they could sleep late. It was much quieter inside the RV than outside in the tent, especially when the summer weekend mid-morning noise of lawnmowers began. It had been a long time since the two of them had slept together in a tent. Just the idea of it - being alone in a tent together - had a certain attraction to it. She had mentioned it several times to him during the day, hinting at the possibilities, things they could do with no children around to hear them. 

She had him carry their sleeping bags, a pile of pillows and a small battery operated lantern to the tent earlier in the evening. After they had set up their bedding, she had kissed him there in the tent. It was a hot lingering kiss, she knew it would drive him crazy; that he would be thinking about it all evening. She had also carried out and left a small cooler with a couple of bottles of water and some ice, said something about the fact that they might get thirsty later, and left it at that.

Now that the grandparents had left, they got ready for bed and said good night to the kids. This routine was the same as any other night, but it felt different to them. Anticipation was building. As they said good night to the children and left the camper, she grabbed his hand and pulled him along to the tent. At the door, with a shared, hungry look they both understood, she held a flashlight while he unzipped the screened door and they stepped inside.

He re-zipped the door closed and they both took off their shoes and left them by the door. She sat down cross-legged and barefoot on the sleeping bag. They had two extra large sleeping bags, zipped together to make a sort of king-sized bag. It was slippery, silky, navy blue nylon on the outside, soft gray flannel on the inside. It was cool on his legs when he sat down to join her. She turned off the flashlight, and reached in the darkness to turn on the battery powered lantern in the corner. She adjusted it to its dimmest setting, somewhere between the brightness of a night-light and a single candle. After a moment, their eyes adjusted to the soft glow. 

It was early, barely 10:00 pm, and they were both well rested from sleeping late that morning and the relaxing day together. Neither had any thoughts of going to sleep just yet. With a twinkle in her eyes, she asked him if he wanted to play some more cards. He shrugged. 

She said, "I think you will like this game...."

They had joked earlier about playing strip poker. He sensed that she wasn't joking now. 

He said, "Dealer's choice, dealer's rules. You have the cards, so what's your pleasure?"

No hesitation. "Poker. 5-card draw. Lowest hand has to take off an article of clothing. We keep playing until," she trailed off. "First one totally naked loses," she finished after a short pause. 

She said it matter of fact, like she had rehearsed it. He wondered how long she had been planning this. She had to wait for an answer. He made a show of thinking it over.

When he finally answered, he said, "One thing -- you are wearing one more article of clothing than I am, you should remove one, just to make it fair. Other than that," and he smiled, "I think this qualifies as one of those 'win-win' situations." 

She smiled back. Did a mental count of her clothing in her mind, considered her options. Finally she set the cards down, reached behind her, un-hooked her bra. She slowly pulled it out through one of her stretchy t-shirt sleeves. The way she did that trick - something about the way she moved when she did it -- made his breath catch in his throat. He was going to like this game...

She made a big show of shuffling the cards. As she did, he could see faint ripples of movement beneath her thin t-shirt. He began to notice that his camp shorts suddenly seemed a size too small. She held out the cards for him to cut. She dealt the cards one by one, snapping them against each other as she completed the deal. He watched her intently, watching her lean forward to give him his card, retreating slightly to place one in front of herself, rising and falling on crossed legs, her bottom coming slightly off the sleeping bag as she did so. He caught himself staring as she finished the deal, reminded himself to focus on the game. He wanted her to be the first one to end up naked. 

She noticed him noticing her; may have slightly exaggerated the amount of movement necessary to accomplish dealing the cards, if she was being totally honest. She liked having his full attention like this. She snuck a peek at his eyes and saw him staring; was pleased with herself. Finally, they picked up their cards. He had nothing, a couple of unmatched face cards. He would have to draw something to keep all of his clothes on. She had a pair of eights. 

He asked for three cards. Then she took three as well. He matched his queen; she didn't get any help. He said, "Just a pair of ladies." She frowned and turned over her pair of eights. 

He laughed, happy at this turn of events, and said, "What are you going to take off?" Expecting her to take off her shorts.

She said, "Your choice." The slightest of pauses, then, "Not that I have any doubts about what you will choose..."

He said, "Lose the shirt," realized he wasn't being polite, and said, "Please."

She grinned. "Big surprise." She leaned forward, up on her knees, and raised her arms over her head. With a crooked grin, "Think you could help me with it?"

He moved quickly to his knees; told himself to slow down and take it easy. His hands at her hips, he found the bottom edge of her top and slowly peeled it up and over her head and arms. The motion brought them face-to-face, her now bare breasts flattened against him as he moved closer. He kissed her softly at first, then more urgently. His hands tossed the shirt to the side of the tent; then slowly dropped from her shoulders, tracing her spine down to the spot where the small of her back turned into the swell of her hips. He pulled her to him. After a few moments, she broke the kiss, gently pushed him back to his side of the sleeping bag. 

"I can see we are going to need a few more rules, if we are going to play this game all the way to the end," she scolded. She was trying to stay in charge, keep him from taking over. She knew how impatient he could be once the clothes started coming off. She planned to make him wait, at least a little. She had been planning this all day, and meant to see it through. He was concentrating on watching her breasts. God, he never got tired of her breasts. She snapped her fingers to bring his attention back. She knew she had better talk fast.

She gathered up the cards, handed them to him. "Shuffle," she said. "New rules. First - If you lose the hand, you cannot initiate any contact with the winner of the hand. If you win the hand, you may initiate contact, at your discretion, for a maximum of 2 minutes. Regardless of contact, the loser must obey the winner for those two minutes. If you do not abide by this rule, you forfeit and this game will be over. If this game ends due to such a forfeit, there won't be any more games. Nod if you understand this rule." It sounded so final.

He nodded. He could tell by the tone of her voice that she was serious. This was so unlike her, but it was really starting to turn him on.

She let that sink in. "Second -- The first person completely naked is the loser. The loser must obey the winner for the rest of the evening. Completely, utterly, absolutely must obey." She knew he understood what she was saying. She also knew he would, no, had to, say yes to this rule. He always took control, wanted to do things to her to drive her crazy. She didn't mind that usually (loved it if you wanted to know the truth), but she had often fantasized about turning things around on him. "Do you agree to the terms of the game?"

She had caught him a little off guard. This was a plan that he would have come up with. Was she trying to trick him? She was already one article closer to naked than he was. Did she want to lose? Sure that he would be the one in control at the end, he said, "I agree. You have my word."

He shuffled one more time. She cut and he dealt the cards. The mood in the tent had shifted a little, become a little more intense. He gave her two pairs - kings and tens. He had a pair of ladies again. She took one; he drew three. He was sure she was drawing to a flush or a straight, and was unlikely to be that lucky. He drew a pair of fours to go with the queens. Now he was completely sure he would get to spend two minutes pleasantly torturing her. He said. "Read 'em and weep." She worried for a minute, then saw his cards; saw that she had him beat. 

"Not so fast." She turned over her cards. "Looks like you owe me one item of clothing."

He couldn't believe it. A little upset, he took off his shirt. He really had wanted to tease her -- kiss her neck and suck on her nipples, even if only for a limited amount of time. That always drove her crazy. She was putty in his hands. They were back to even, as far as clothing was concerned. She picked up the cards. "What about the two minutes," he asked.

She had the cards all back together, set them down. Hands on hips, showing off her breasts. He gave himself away with an involuntary flick of his tongue on his lips. She asked, "How will we keep tack of the time?"

He thought a moment. "We will have to use the honor system, I guess."

She shrugged. Good enough, she thought. What she had planned wasn't going to take that long. "Ok," she said. "Lean back." 

He straightened his legs, leaned back on his elbows, curious to see what she had in store for him. 

She crawled slowly towards him, putting one hand on either side of his legs. She crouched low; arching her back, her head up, looking directly into his eyes. He struggled to hold her gaze, wanted to watch her breasts as they just missed touching his thighs between the edge of his shorts and his knees. She inched forward, dragging her bosom across his lap, he groaned involuntarily. His shorts were really becoming restrictive. She continued forward, holding the contact up his stomach, slowly moved up his torso stopping when she was nipple to nipple with him. No other parts of their bodies were touching. She leaned her head close, her lips right at his ear. He could feel her warm breath on his neck. She whispered, "I am really enjoying this. I hope you lose." She playfully tugged on his ear lobe with her teeth.

He had closed his eyes. It took a second for him to realize she was gone. He opened his eyes and she was back on her side, shuffling for the next deal. "That wasn't even close to two minutes," he complained.

"I'm done with you, for now," she said wickedly, beginning to deal. 

He won the next hand, his pair of threes to her Ace high. 

He took the cards and moved them off to the side. She stood, unbuttoned her shorts and worked them over her hips and let them fall. She was wearing black panties. The thought raced through his mind that he could just reach out and pull those off, too, and bury his face in her lap. He resisted the urge, but couldn't keep his mind from thinking about it.

"Sit down," he directed, "but sit Indian-style." She followed his direction, moved to the center of the sleeping bag. He worked his way around behind her on his knees. "Close your eyes. Keep your head up and facing forward." She did as he instructed. He began to kiss the back of her neck, using one hand to move her hair up and out of the way so he could work his way along her hair line. He got to one ear, nibbled, flicked his tongue. She could feel his chest lightly pressing against her back. He slowly worked his way back around to the other ear, this time his kisses where accomplished while cupping her breast in one hand, gently tugging on one nipple between his thumb and forefinger. He was giving her goose bumps.

"Time's up," she said, breathless. He stopped, reluctantly. They resumed their positions, ready for the next deal. It was his turn to shuffle. She struggled to get her composure back. He always knew just what to do to drive her crazy. She was already very wet -- they needed to get to the end of the game, and soon, or she thought she really might go crazy. 

He was watching her, wondering what she was thinking. The skin on her chest was flushed, her cheeks were rosy, and she was biting her bottom lip absent mindedly -- all good signs for him. He began dealing. "You only have one more piece of clothing left...Are you worried?" he asked.

"No," she lied, "but I really don't plan on losing. And you should be hoping I win...." 

What did she mean by that? He lost count dealing, had to stop and check where he was before he could finish. "Distracted?" she teased.

"A little," he admitted. The strain on his shorts was bordering on painful. He needed to see this game over too, and soon.

This time she won -- two pair to his pair of jacks. He stood, couldn't quite stand up all the way in the tent, had to tilt his head sideways a bit. He unbuttoned his shorts and let them fall. His "tighty-whities" really were tight. The elastic band barely contained him, the tip of him peeking out. He stepped out of his shorts, kicked them off to the side. "Stay where you are," she commanded.

He groaned as she moved to her knees, reached for his waistband, pulled and released him to the cool night air of the tent. She didn't touch him immediately; just let him twitch there for a moment. She had never seen him so hard. He looked down at her, his eyes pleading for relief. She moved even closer. Looking up at him, she stuck out her tongue and flicked it across the very tip of him. He groaned. She sat back slightly, watching him twitch again. She moved back in, this time starting her tongue at the base of him, flattening it out and dragging it slowly up the outside of his shaft all the way up to the end. Again she sat back.

"I think our two minutes are over," she said. He looked stricken. "I guess I could stretch it a little...." He nodded eagerly in agreement. She had him right where she wanted him.

After a moment, she reached forward, grabbed hold of the base of him with her thumb and first two fingers. She started this time with her lips pressed at his tip. She moved downward, letting the width of him open her wet lips as she slowly took more of him into her mouth. She got several inches of him into her mouth, swirled her tongue around him, and then slowly retreated. After a few repetitions of this, she knew he was getting close. She removed her lips from him with an audible "pop". She released his underwear, the waistband pinning him to his stomach. "Now our two minutes really are over," she said. She moved back to her side and picked up the cards and began to shuffle.

He looked down at her, speechless. How could she leave him like this? He wasn't even sure he would be able to sit down. She started to deal the cards. She picked her cards up. She had a pair of Aces. He could see them from his vantage point, she had held them a little too far out away from her. It took a second to register. He forced himself to try to sit, ended up lounging on his side, to be more comfortable. He picked up his cards - three tens, an eight and a six. He had her beat, at least before the draw. She said, "I am taking three cards, how many did you want?"

He had reached his limit. He couldn't take it any more. He needed this game to be over, and whatever she had in store for him, he meant to find out. He said, "I will take three," he said, and tossed away all of his tens. She gave him his cards and then dealt three to herself.

"What do you have?" she asked. He hadn't even looked, turned over his cards. He couldn't believe he had drawn another ten and a pair of fours. He would have had four tens, she ended up with her pair of Aces and another pair, and won easily. 

"You win," he said. He stood up to remove his last piece of clothing. She let him get up, rose with him, but stopped him as he reached for the sides of his underwear. 

She playfully slapped his hands away. "I'll take it from here," she purred, cupping his balls in her hand through the tight fabric. She ran the nail of her index finger in a little circle around his nipple with the other hand. It was his turn to have goose bumps. "Wait 'til you see what I have in store for you...."

To be continued…