 The rain was beating down the windshield as Leah drove up the long and winding road. The visibility was almost un bearable and she pulled over and read over her map quest directions. 

"Hmmm... second left, three miles up the road. I should be getting close soon," she said aloud. 

Leah found the long driveway that led up to the cozy cabin. She parked her car and noticed there was another car in sight. 

Is someone here? she thought, confused. No, there can't be; he assured me I'd be alone all weekend. 

Leah grabbed her purse and stepped out of the car. She popped opened her trunk and grabbed a large duffle bag. 

She quickly closed her trunk and ran to the door of the house as the rain soaked her from head to toe. 

Leah turned the key and led herself inside. She set down her bags and closed the door behind her. 

Once she turned around he was there looking at her straight on. 

Leah jumped, startled. 

"Can I help you?" he asked. 

"Oh..hi there. I'm so wet, I mean.... it's really raining outside," she stammered at the mere sight of him and lost all train of thought. 

"So I see." He arched a brow as her nipples were transparent through her white tank top. "May I ask who you are and what your doing here?" 

"I'm staying here for the weekend, or was supposed to be," she replied. 

"Do you know Stavros Dupaulis?" he asked. 

"Yes, he's my boss and invited me to use his cabin for the weekend," Leah explained to the tall man that nearly took her breath away. 

"Oh, really? You work for my uncle?" he asked, intrigued. 

"Yes, I do I guess...I mean the last name makes sense." Leah grew nervous as he was right before her eyes and more gorgeous then she had thought possible. 

"So you know who I am?" he asked. 

"Yes, you're Dimitri from that TV talent show, and I love you, I mean...." Oh god I'm such a dork, Leah thought, turning red and looking away. 

"So just how much is it that you love me?" Dimitri approached her from behind and whispered in her ear. 

Leah swallowed a lump in her throat and her heart raced. 

"Don't you think you should get out of these wet clothes?" Dimitri asked her.

He blew on her neck and slid his hands down her sides, pressing against her and feeling her thighs as he passed the hem of her very short shorts. 

"Yes...can you help, I mean....". 

"Can I help you remove your clothes? Is that what you were asking me, baby?" Dimitri pressed his body harder into her as his cock stiffened through his jeans. 

"Yes.. I mean... no," Leah trembled. 

"Which is it, baby? Yes or no?" His hot breath was now tingling her neck as his hands slowly slid underneath her shirt and gently caressed her taut tummy. 

"Yes, oh god, yes," she mumbled. 

"What was that, baby? I couldn't quite hear you."

"Yes...."

"Yes, what?" he teased her. 

"YES! TAKE MY CLOTHES OFF!"

"Now that's more like it, sexy."

Dimitri's hands were up her shirt and making their way to her bare breasts. "Mmmm... feels nice." He cupped them in his hands. "I always hated bras," he growled. 

Leah's head dropped against him as he felt her up from behind. His fingers tweaked her nipples and she moaned softly. His hands felt so good on her, and it had been a while since she had good sex. 

He lifted up her tank top over her head and tossed it aside, giving himself easier access. Leah was very horny and now that Dimitri had her under his spell, she was more then ever. 

He slipped one hand down her shorts. He found her thong and dipped a finger underneath the lace and inside her folds. She was so wet and his touch only intensified her more. He brought a second finger to join the first and Leah squirmed. 

His fingers were dancing on her clit and heat was radiating between her legs. Her legs suddenly went numb as her body released warm fluids hard onto his digits. 

"Ahhhhh..." she whimpered. 

"Somebody like that?" he whispered sucking the sides of her neck. 

"Yes." She barely mustered up words. 

"Oh, I'd say so. Your pussy is fucking wet, baby. Mmmm, I want to taste it. I want to eat you up like a juicy peach." 

Just his words were enough to make her body drip with lust. The excitement continued between her legs. 

He took her to a bear skin rug that laid in front of the hearth of the fire place. He laid her down and slid her shorts down her legs. His tongue pulled at her thong and ripped the delicate pink lace free. 

"Oh sorry, baby. I'll buy you some new panties," he winked and dove his tongue deep inside her clit. 

His tongue thrust as deep as he could, not wanting to miss a drop of her sex. She was sweet and his tongue brought warmth to her cum. Leah was in heaven. He felt so good and his expertise at eating her pussy was amazing. 

He knew she was close and darted the tip of his tongue on her raised nub and she screamed out. Dimitri buried his tongue deep again and lapped up her climax. 

"OH GOD, I'M CUMMING!" Leah screeched 

Leah was aching to touch him, all of him and reached out for his chest. She pulled at his shirt. 

"Take it off, all of it," she begged. 

"Hmmm... for someone who could barely talk, now you can't get enough of it. You want more, baby?" He bit her nipple. 

"Yes, I want to feel you...all of you..." 

"Want to feel this?" 

Dimitri knelt between her legs and guided her hand to his crotch while she was on her back. 

"Ooooh, yeah. It feels so big and hard," Lea purred as she groped him. 

"It is and the better to fuck you with, my pretty."

Oh my god, fuck me, Dimitri!" she cried out with desperate pleas. "Let me see your cock." 

He removed every article of clothing and Leah was in awe of his perfect body. Even his penis was beautiful. So smooth like velvet as she took it in the palm of her hand. She began to stroke it. 

"That feels nice, baby," he groaned as Leah continued to masturbate him. "You love that big cock, don't you? Suck it, baby. I want to see those hot lips wrapped around my cock." 

Leah grabbed his ass and pulled him to her face. His cock dangled over her mouth and she took him deep in her throat, sucking him as if he was going to be the last dick she would ever have in her life.

"Oh shit, baby, that's good," he growled, watching her devour him inch by inch. "You sure know how to give a blow job..." 

Dimitri then felt himself nearing his climax and pulled out of her mouth. 

"Not yet, baby. I want to fuck you. You want that? You like to get fucked?" 

"Yes...I want you now..." she breathed. 

"I'll fuck you real good. I'll fuck your ass all weekend long," he hissed with infamous fuck eyes. 

Dimitri then laid on top of Leah and kissed her hungrily as he pulled her legs roughly apart. His tongue dueling with hers, then biting her lip and sucking on it. He bit her neck and trailed his tongue to her breasts. He took a nipple in his mouth. 

"Your tits are beautiful. You're beautiful and I want to fuck your brains out all the time, baby." 

Dimitri then plunged his cock deep inside her cunt as she squealed at the enormous size. She had never had a man that was so big, and could feel so good inside her. 

"Am I hurting you, baby?" he asked, kissing her. 

"No, don't stop please! God, Dimitri, fuck me!" 

He continued fucking her harder, going further into her and then making contact with her g-spot. 

"Oh, Jesus!" she screamed in delight. 

"Feel good?" he asked . 

"Yes, keep fucking me just like that!" She wrapped her legs around him. 

He pounded her harder, driving deeper into her cunt as her nails scraped his back. "I'm going to cum!" Leah cried. 

"No, baby, not yet."

He then pulled out of her. "I'm not done with you yet. Get on your knees. I want to fuck you from behind."

Leah gave into his demands and got into his favorite position. He slammed into her with such force; fucking her hard and with great speed and his balls smacking her ass. 

"Oh fuck, you're so tight," he said deep in his throat while his body was drenched in sweat. He pushed her down on her stomach and continued pummeling in and out of her willing, hot snatch. "You really like getting this, don't you, baby?" 

"Oh god, yes!" Leah cried. "Give it to me more! I'm going to cum!" 

"Fuck ..so am I, baby. I'm going to fucking cum in you now.." he panted, realizing he had lost his battle and released his load deep inside her womb as they melted into one full orgasm together. 

"Wow, that was incredible," Leah sighed once they had finished and Dimitri had pulled out, collapsing beside her.

"Sure beats that show, huh?" he grinned. 

"More then you can imagine," she giggled.

"I thought so," he grinned again, then kissed her. 

Leah then got up and fetched her clothes, but Dimitri stopped her, pulling her back down beside him. "No need for those, sweetheart. I'm going to be fucking you again. As I said, I'm going to fuck you all weekend long."