 I was returning by plane from a visit to my beautiful lover's home. It is a long flight and I was leaning my head against the cabin wall sleeping. I awoke from my dream about my recent visit with a hardon. It was straining against my pants and it was clearly outlined beneath the material. There was a wet spot at the end of it that was showing through my pants. I noticed the woman sitting next to me taking glances at the obvious bulge in my crotch and this made me even harder. Pretending to still be asleep, I carefully watched through my almost closed eyelids. She would look at my face to see if my eyes were still shut then she would look back down at my silhouetted hard cock. She didn't just glance anymore, now she was starring at it, feeling safe in the assumption that I was sound asleep.

Watching her face as she stared at my cock was such a turn on, I wanted so much to pull my dick out of my pants to give it the much needed stretching it desired, but I was content to just watch her look. I shifted a little in my seat to give me an easier view of her through my lightly closed eyelids and that made her look up to see if I had awakened. Seeing that I still appeared to be asleep, she looked back at my crotch. I was amazed to see that she had her hand between her legs, although she must have thought nobody could see this because her tray was in the down position over her lap. But, I could clearly see what she was doing.

After a while, I pretended to wake up and adjusted my sitting position, pulled my tray down over my lap and eased my hand under it to encompass my straining cock. She tried to pretend she didn't notice it and moved her hand away from her crotch. I very slowly unzipped my pants and opened them slightly. I wasn't wearing under shorts so my dick leaped out of its confines and into my waiting hand. I very slowly began to rub up and down the length of my cock, playing my finger over its leaking head to get some lubrication. I knew that she could see what I was doing and that made me even harder, if that was possible.

I stroked myself slowly for about five minutes with her trying hard not to look while looking anyway. This continued for some time with me glancing at her face from time to time until I caught her look at me rubbing my cock. She blushed when she saw that I had busted her but she just looked back at my hand on my dick. I took this as a sign she was not offended and not going to scream out nor call the attendant. I began to stroke myself more boldly under my tray and I now had her undivided attention; well not completely undivided because her hand had eased its way up under her skirt and she was playing with her pussy again.

Her eyes never left my pumping fist and cock as she watched me pleasure my organ for her. She, in turn, pleasured her pussy with her fingers. It was so erotic seeing her masturbating for me as I did the same for her. No one around us seemed to be aware of anything we were doing, but the chance of being caught was so exciting. 

I slowly pumped my fist up and down my cock while she watched me. We were both breathing a little harder now, engrossed in our mutual and public masturbation. She leaned nearer to my head and asked if I would mind if she did that for me and I responded by removing my hand from my cock so she could grab it....and grab it she did, without hesitation. I almost blew my load when her hand surrounded my swollen cock and she began to slowly pump her fist up and down the length of my engorged member. Her other hand continued pleasuring her pussy which was giving me a great sideshow to what she was doing. 

After about five minutes of her soft, hot hand, gently pumping my dick, I whispered to her that I was going to shoot my load. She said, "oh my god, yes do" and with that she moved her hand up enough on my cock to slightly cover the swollen head and as I began to unload. Her hand captured my hot, creamy cum, keeping it from spraying all over my lap under the little tray. She began to dig at her pussy with her fingers in an obvious rush into her own orgasm. She tensed up and her legs gripped her hand, capturing it in her pussy. Her upper body stiffened as she silently moved through her orgasm. 

Suddenly, I could smell her pussy as its sweet odor wafted upward to my nose. She had her hand full of my hot cum on my dick and was slowly rubbing it all over my still hard cock. Without warning, she pulled her fingers from her wet pussy and placed them against my lips. I opened my mouth and sucked her thick, sweet cum from her fingers. She tasted very good. Then she brought her cum covered hand away from my now shrinking cock and licked all of my cum from her hand and fingers. Once she had licked her hand clean, she winked at me and turned away. 

It was then that I noticed the couple sitting across the aisle looking at us and I smiled at them. They turned away without expression or comment. I thanked her and she said, "No, thank you" and with that she never said another word and went to reading her book. 

Me, well I stuffed my spent cock back into my pants and tried to get some more sleep. I remember thinking before I drifted off to sleep that this was a first that would live vividly in my memory, allowing many pleasurable daydreams to come.