 I am a 27 year old male, and I work in a large city, and our company is very busy all week, often working late hours with our group on research, writing, and data collecting for reports. I have a pretty fun group to work with, most of us being in our 20's, and a good mix of interesting people, male and female. After a few weeks of pretty hard hours, a couple people from work arranged a weekend at the lake house of one of the people there. So come Friday afternoon, everyone was pretty tired, and especially looking forward to getting out of the city for a weekend.

I live pretty far away, and so I arranged to drive out to the place with two women who lived together in the city. I brought all my stuff with me to work, and then we settled on going to their places after work, and driving on from there. One woman is named Kelly, who is also about mid 20's, short and firey. She has long, dark hair that she wears up in a bun, and when she wears business suits, and her hair up with wire-rimmed glasses, the combination is one of deep intellectual capacity, combined with fun and excitement. Her roommate is Jackie. No Jackie is more the strong silent type. Also, very smart and capable, and interesting to talk to. But there was something about her deep, blue eyes that was a little more mysterious, more to her than meets the eye.

I didn't know the dating status of either of the two. We didn't socialize that much away from work, and we talked about outside things here and there. I thought Jackie had mentioned she had a boyfriend, but both mentioned that just the two of them would be going on this weekend trip.

We often joked about the hours we all spent together at work, and how this was impacting our love lives, and that no one ever had any time for serious outside relationships. And that how all they guys were always trying to hit on the women, and how the women were often equally frustrated at the lack of a social life. There were always strong sexual innuendoes to the conversations, and we were quite comfortable with joking about how long it had been since someone had sex last. So suffice it to say that most of us got along quite well, and especially the 5 or 6 of us going on this trip. It looked like there were going to be 3 guys and 3 girls. No one was bringing any outside people.

So on the train ride to the apartment of Jackie and Kelly, it was a typical Friday crowd, with people packed in the train, everyone in a rush to get out of the city. It was pretty hot in the train, which didn't make the ride any more comfortable. I had a duffle bag along with my work briefcase, and managed to stand in a corner with Kelly and Jackie. I found myself standing pushed up against Jackie, as the train bumped along, and I was inhaling her perfume, sort of daydreaming about her body, which I often fantasized about, and rather enjoying the proximity problem that otherwise would have been inappropriate.

I was thinking of her soft hair and looking down at the nape of her neck and her chest, quite visible only inches from my face. She was sort of pushed with her back and side to me, and I could gaze at her without getting caught. Or so I thought. I was really not paying attention and really in a trance, thinking about her sexy body and trying to look further into her blouse to see her breasts beneath, when I sort of came to, and found her looking at me, and with a sly smile, she said, "Enjoying the sights are we?"

Awakened from my reverie, I had also found myself with a hard on, that she must have felt with her hip as the train lurched and bounced around. Each time the train bounced, I would bounce against her, and stay there for a moment, longer than necessary, to feel her body pressed against mine. "I guess I am busted. Sorry, couldn't help myself."

"It's more than the train ride that's bumpy this afternoon, huh?" she said again, after I pressed into her when we hit a bend and a lurch that send my full body pressed into her hip. She emphasized her comment by wiggling her ass into my cock, and waving her hair at me, increasing the smell of her in my nose, and increasing the pressure of my cock against her leg.

"You sure are right about that." I didn't feel her pull away, so I kept on rubbing my pelvis into her leg, and she returned the pressure.

"What are we going to do about you? We just can't take you anywhere."

"Pretty soon, you will be able to take me just about anywhere you want Jackie."

"Hmmmm, interesting thought. I'll have to think about that."

Over the next few minutes, she continued to wiggle against me, driving me crazy and making me so very hard. My cock was pushing painfully against the front of my pants, and I strategically used my briefcase to conceal our motions, not that anyone could see anything anyhow. We three chatted about work, Jackie and I not letting on at all to Kelly that we were engaged in a major tease session right in front of her. Jackie casually unbuttoned one more button on her blouse, and let it fall open a little more, so I could more easily see into her top and gaze at the top swell of her ample breasts. I had always wanted to see them up close, and occasionally, she wore a rather tight sweater that highlighted her figure.

"That's much better," I whispered into her ear, blowing softly, and taking a quick bite from her neck.

"Oh now, you had better be careful what you start. You might just have to finish it," Jackie said with a certain look of promise in her eyes.

"That would be OK with me." More teasing, more pressing and rubbing, and definitely more cleavage.

I was not exactly sure where this was headed. I had really never thought too much about "dipping in the company inkwell," as it were. At least no more than the typical, casual fantasy. But this definitely had possibilities, especially with the upcoming weekend. I had never really appreciated Jackie's body before, and it was so much easier to do so now, at this proximity, and without the same feeling of getting busted, since she more than knew, she encouraged my stares.

Now I could see the outline of her bra and the upper swell of her full breast. I thought I could even see the upper outline of the dark circles above her nipples. And I knew she could feel my cock pressing against her leg as the train bumped along. Jackie definitely liked this game too, as she pressed against me, and even rubbed her leg against my crotch, and occasionally leaned forward, giving me an even better view down her blouse. What really made me even crazier was when she lifted her hair from her neck, and the aroma of her perfume, and her hair in my face was extraordinary, especially in the crowded train, with our friend right there.

As the train approached their stop, I had to rearrange myself so I could walk, and I was lucky to have a bag and a coat to conceal my 'problem' which was quite evident, and almost painful by now. As we were walking off the train and towards the exit, Jackie commented to both Kelly and I, that "Boy, that ride was certainly a little hotter and bumpier than usual." Kelly of course, just thought she was referring to the crowds and the heat, but I smiled at her, and said, "Yeah, I know what you mean. I thought so too."

We got to their apartment, and the two quickly busied themselves with preparing their bags, and collecting their things. Meanwhile I sat in the living room with a cold drink, and couldn't help but think of the possibilities that were now open for the weekend. Something about the glint in Jackie's eyes on the train made her seem so incredibly sensual.

As I was lost in thought, Kelly came down the hall from the bedrooms, and said she needed to run to the store down the street and get a couple of last minute things, and she would be back in 15-20 minutes. Hmmmm, how convenient, I thought. Was this true, or did Jackie put Kelly up to this?

Before Kelly was out the door, Jackie called me from her bedroom and ask me to help her with something in her closet. I passed Kelly in the loving room, and she hurried out the door, saying she would be right back, not giving anything away like she was involved in this.

I went down the hall and found Jackie in her bedroom, dressed in only her slacks from work. She looked me straight in the eye and while I was gaping at the sight of her beautiful, full breasts, bare for me to see and admire, she gave the sight a moment to sink in for me. It definitely had the desired effect on me, and I was speechless and shocked. "Is this what you were trying to see in the train?" she said, holding her breasts out for me to admire even more. They were spectacular breasts, full and tanned, with a small tan line of her rather skimpy top. They hung high on her chest, and her nipples were hard, sticking out from her skin, indicating her arousal as well.

"Wow, Jackie. You are quite beautiful. I had always wondered what your breasts were like. And now I know." Not the brightest thing I had ever said, but I guess I was still in some shock.

"Well, if you really want to finish what you started in the train, you had better come here, and help me off with the rest."

Let me tell you, I crossed the room and embraced her lovely body in record time. I pulled her close and held her breasts in my hands, feeling their weight and firmly squeezing them in my fingers. We fumbled quickly for eachothers clothes, and I ached and twitched to feel her fingers on my cock, which had been hard for almost an hour. I moaned when her hand made contact with my hard shaft, and she knelt before me, now completely naked, and quickly removed my pants and socks, underwear going as well. She looked up at me and took her tongue and licked hot lines up and down the shaft, enjoying my torment. I groaned again, and when she took me fully into her mouth, I spasmed a couple times, and nearly shot my load into her mouth right then. "Oh god, Jackie. That feels incredible. You'd better be careful though, or this may be over all too soon."

With that, she withdrew my cock from her mouth, squeezed firmly at the tip, and said, "Well, we don't have much time anyhow."

I pulled her to stand up in front of me and we kissed hungrily, tongues and mouths pressing hard against eachother, tasting pulling, urging. I pulled her body close to mine and felt my cock pressing against her stomach. My hands ran up and down her back, squeezing her ass cheeks firms in my hands, kneading their flesh. I reached down and picked her up under her thighs and she wrapped her legs around my waist, and I felt her hot pussy against the tip of my cock. Still kissing her passionately, I held her body against mine and eased her hips down until her very wet pussy was perched right at the head of my cock, aiming proudly at her opening. She wiggled her hips to position me at her hot entrance and slowly, we managed to let my cock enter her hot, wet sex, and we both inhaled deeply at the first few inches delving into her. Then she bit my lip hard as the rest of my cock entered her and I held her tightly, with her arms and legs wrapped securely around my body, and my legs holding us both now. My cock was fully impaled in her and we wiggled our hips and I felt her arch her back and gyrate her hips just so, and I knew she was feeling her clit rubbing against my pelvis and enjoying the feeling of my cock filling her up.

With her arms wrapped around me, and our mouths pressing together, we urged eachother higher and higher. Both of us were obviously excited from the get go, and I knew I needed to come soon. I wanted her so badly, and I wanted to give her the same intensity of pleasure I now felt. I pulled her ass cheeks apart and felt her ass hole with one finger, and it was moist with her juices. She shoved her tongue deeply into my mouth and probed my lips and teeth with increased ardor as my finger slid in an inch or so into her ass. She just moaned and I felt her ass muscle grasp my finger tip as I eased it further into her. I kissed her harder, feeling our teeth pressing together. And our tongues were hungrily wrapping around eachothers, trying to get more, deeper, closer.

I didn't think I could still stand, holding both of us when I came, so I walked to the bed and lay her down on her back, letting my finger emerge from her rear, and keeping my cock and mouth pressed to her, not wanting to part. We fucked hard and fast, feeling eachothers climax drawing nearer and nearer. Her fingers pulled at my back as I pumped into her, circling my hips and pressing my pelvis into her, trying to get that pressure just right on her sensitive clit. Her hands grabbed at my ass as I bent to take her hard nipple into my mouth. I couldn't resist biting on it, and she yelled at my bite. I released my teeth from her nipple and sucked it hard into my mouth, my tongue pressing it against my lips as she pulled me closer. "Oh baby, I'm gonna come. Yes. Soon... almost there...come with me...fill me up...I want to feel you come too...." Jackie said, between gasps and groans.

"Me too. Almost there. God you feel so good." I managed to mutter, not wanting to remove her nipple from my mouth for too long. I switched to the other side, and let my fingers pinch the hard, wet nipple I just left. That sent Jackie over the edge and she wrapped her legs hard around my back and used her heels to pull into her. Feeling her orgasm I couldn't hold back any longer and I too came in her, releasing spurt after spurt of my hot come into her. She yelled and clawed at my back, bringing delicious pain to the pleasure of our release. I pressed my face to her neck and stifled my yells there as we pulled at eachother, locked tightly in our mutual release.

As we returned to our bodies, my cock still nestled in her now more wet pussy, I felt her inner muscles squeezing me, milking the last few drops from my still- hard shaft, I pushed up a little to look at Jackie, whose face registered a wonderful beauty of sensuality and peace, someone at home with her sexuality and comfortable with her body. I wiggled my hips into her, savoring the feeling of our combined wetness and kissed her, this time with a little more tenderness than the passion that overwhelmed us moments ago.

"I told you that you might have to finish what you started," Jackie said sweetly, looking deeply into my eyes and giving my cock one last squeeze with her pussy. "Now, you'd better let me finish packing before Kelly comes home and gets a little suspicious."

I reluctantly pulled from her and we both let out a soft moan of emptiness as Jackie slipped a piece of clothing under us to catch the spilling juices from our bodies, and gave my cock a squeeze with her hand as she padded into the bathroom, leaving me to get dressed for what proved to be a most interesting weekend.