 We walked along the paved pathway, stepping to the side so a jogger or cyclist could pass us. We were holding hands, and in my free hand I carried a bright pink bag from a nearby boutique. I was scanning the woods for a private location, but didn't see anything. I babbled, he seemed to listen. Then, suddenly, he pulled me toward a break in the scrawny trees to our left.

"Good eyes," I said, sorry I had missed the spot. This was, after all, my idea, and it was my part of town. I should have known where to go. He didn't say anything, but instead led me through some underbrush on a faint path toward the water. We made a right turn, and walked parallel to the path we had just left. The brush wasn't very thick, but it was thick enough, and I started scanning the ground for places I wouldn't mind kneeling. 

"I have to pee," he said, and stepped into the shallow bushes. "So pee!" I laughed. "It's easy for you." I was embarrassed about wanting to watch him pee, so I kept walking, and hadn't gotten more than a few paces when I came upon a bunch of crushed beer cans. 

"Looks like we're not the only ones to have come this way," I said, just loud enough for him to hear me without getting the attention of anyone exercising a few yards away. He zipped up his jeans and followed me. I had slowed down, not really sure where would be a good place to stop. We walked a few feet more, and I finally settled on a small dirt patch that didn't have any bushes too nearby. The water -- part of the biggest river around -- was close enough to reach out and touch if you leaned over pretty far, and we were fairly well hidden from the path, though I could occasionally see a bright spandex top go past. I turned around, took a step toward him, and wrapped my arms around him. I had to stand on tiptoe to kiss him, but it wasn't that far of a reach for me. We kissed gently for just a couple of moments, but I was eager to get to the business at hand.

I pulled away, and bent slightly to put the bag down. I made sure to hide it behind some grasses, because even if we were dressed in neutral colors a fluorescent pink bag would be bound to attract attention if seen from the path. I knelt down, realizing only after I did so that I would end up with brown dirt all over the knees of my black jeans. Kneeling put me right at the level of his cock, but first I was confronted with the fly of his jeans -- four buttons, rather than a button and a zipper. As I pulled open the buttons, I was aware of people going by on the path, and I looked over nervously. "Don't worry about it," he said. "They can't see us."

I decided to believe him, and I pulled his pants down slightly. His cock was soft as I pulled it out of his briefs, and I began caressing him, holding him out so I could kiss the tip of his cock. He worked his hands into his jeans, and let them fall to his ankles. He pulled his briefs down over his ass while I began to suck his knob into my mouth.

"Take off your shirt," he said. I pulled my head back and looked up at him, blinking in surprise. 

"Do it."

I was wearing the polo shirt I had worn to work, the company logo embroidered over my left breast. I pulled it out of my jeans, undid the buttons at my neck, and slowly slipped it over my head, not believing what I was doing. As always, I had gone without a bra today, so after I set my shirt down on some moss to keep it out of the dirt I was half-naked in the middle of a public park.

I looked up at him again as I moved back toward his cock, but I couldn't read the expression on his face. I was trying to convey my nervousness through my eyes, my terror at sitting there with my breasts exposed, but finally tilted my head back toward his dick, which was still soft before me. I took him entirely into my mouth, keeping my hand wrapped around the base of his cock so I could suck it properly. As I moved up and down, I felt him growing stiff and very hard in my mouth, and felt his hands on my shoulders. He reached down to twist one of my nipples, and I redoubled my efforts to take his entire thick length down my throat. "Yeah," he breathed, moving a hand to the back of my head. I was nearly choking already, but his hand pressed me forward until I was gagging on his cock. He kept moaning softly as I did my best to take his shaft down my throat, feeling my own spit dripping everywhere.

"Stop," he ordered. I was rather shocked -- he wanted me to stop when his cock was still rock-hard? I licked at him as I withdrew, taking in the wet strands of precum and spit.

"Take off your pants." My eyes widened, and I looked up at him. I still couldn't figure out his face...there was a mixture of cruelty and love all over him. I was stunned by his command, but found myself undoing the button and, still kneeling, pulling down the zipper on my own jeans. I pushed them down to my knees and stared at the dirt.

"All the way off."

This time I didn't even look at him in surprise. I brought one foot forward, carefully untied my sneaker, and pulled it off with my sock. Then, crouching, I removed my other shoe and sock as well. I wasn't thinking anything as I rose slightly to pull off my pants: I was just accomplishing the task for him. I put my jeans and shoes next to my shirt. I stood in the woods, naked except for my black string-bikini panties, and looked at him.

"Turn around," he said, and I obeyed. "Get down. You can kneel on your jeans if you like." I retrieved my jeans, folded them, and knelt on them. Automatically, I leaned forward onto my elbows, my hands under my forehead, my back arched and my ass pushed into the air. "Good girl," he said, and pulled down my panties.

I felt his thick cock rub against my cunt. "You're such a slut," he murmured behind me. "Your pussy is all wet. You like this." He thrust into me all at once, and I remained silent as he grabbed my hips and fucked me. I kept my eyes open and watched the brown dirt moving beneath me with every stroke. He pounded into me, and I felt my tits swinging as his cock hit the back of my pussy. He continued to groan behind me, and it built into the familiar growling he made when he was about to cum.

My whole body felt his orgasm drive into me, and he shuddered as the last of his cum pushed through him and into my pussy. We stayed like that for a few minutes, me crawling in the dirt, him kneeling with his cock inside me. He finally pulled out, and used his thumbs to draw my panties back on. I didn't move for a few seconds, and then turned around to lick his cock clean of the cum and cuntjuice.

I put my clothes back on very slowly, feeling the warmth of his cum in my pussy and in my panties, rubbing all over me. We walked out of the woods smiling, both of us incredibly happy, and me with dirt all over my black jeans.