 She was asleep in bed lying next to him. He watched her take a breath, her chest rising a little. She snored ever so lightly with the intake of breath. He enjoyed watching her when she slept. She reminded him of an angel with her brown hair, smooth skin and gorgeous body. She was just wearing a tee shirt and panties with the sheet pulled up to her waist. She had an arm resting across her chest and the other by her side. He ran his fingers along the leg that she had draped over his. He loved the way her skin felt beneath his fingers. Her skin was smooth and silky soft. His fingers roamed up and down her leg. He could smell the perfume that she had worn the previous night as it still lingered on her. She had worn it because she knew how it affected him and she had wanted to tease him last night. It made him nearly lose control when he was around her. She liked that she could drive him wild with just the way she smelled. She would dress up just the way he liked to really get him going before they would go out.

He continued to rub her leg as he thought about last night. They had gone to dinner at a nice restaurant and had taken a walk along the lake trail before heading back to his place. They loved spending time together whenever they could. They were both so busy during the day that any moment they could spend together was cherished.

He watched as she stirred a little as he continued to rub up and down her leg. He was starting to get daring with how far he would move his fingers up her leg. Mid thigh, a little higher, a little higher. His heart started to race. He loved the way her skin felt beneath his fingers. He touched the edge of her panties. They weren't tight fitting along the edges, but were ragged that allowed the leg to move freely. He moved his hand back down her leg toward her knee before moving his hand back to her panties. He held his breath as he moved a finger under the edge of the material.

He felt the slight plumpness of one of her lips. He didn't move his hand away, but decided to move his finger up along the length of her lip. It was just as smooth as her leg. He knew that she left a little hair at the top, just so she didn't feel so little girly, but he didn't feel it. He moved his finger down letting his hand press move fully against her skin. Slowly he moved his finger a little further in until he felt her slit. She was wet. He didn't know if this was from his touching her or if she had had a very nice dream. I slipped his finger in just enough to get the tip wet with her juices and put it to his mouth to taste her.

He loved the way she tasted. He could feel himself getting aroused. It was the little things that would get him sometimes. Touching her, tasting her, taking his time. He moved his hand back down to her leg and took his time running it back up under her panties and to her pussy. As he ran his finger up her slit again he noticed that her lips had parted a little and her clit was exposed to his finger. He lightly touched it. He ran his finger down her slit getting it wet with her juices and moved it back up to her clit. Slowly he moved it up and down over her clit.

She took a deep breath, he stopped, but she didn't wake. He got his finger wet again and continued moving it up and down and back and forth over her clit. Carefully he moved his hand from under her panties to her leg and lifted it off of his. Slowly he repositioned himself on the bed. He moved the covers down her body so they only covered part of her legs. He slid down the bed to where he could get at her pussy. He looked at her as he kissed her inner thigh. Another deep breath but she still didn't wake. He kissed her pussy through her panties. He could feel her lips on his through the material, and he felt himself get harder. He pressed his tongue to where he knew her clit to be, and was satisfied with the feel of the nub beneath his tongue.

Slowly he moved the material to the side so he could have access to her directly. Her lips were glistening, wet with excitement. He licked her lips, tasting her juices on his tongue. He knew that she was going to wake up and find him licking her pussy excited him to no end. He spread her lips a little with his fingers and slowly licked up her slit over her clit. He did it again, taking his time, pressing his tongue into her.

That lick did it. She was awake now. She moved her hands down to her crotch and felt his head between her legs. She moaned and smiled and told him to please continue doing what he was doing. She left one of her hands on his head encouraging him, and with the other she moved up to her breast and squeezed her nipple. It would take a moment for her to get it hard enough to play with properly but it was always worth it.

He continued to lick at her pussy moving his tongue up and down over her clit. He would press harder against it and then take a long lick. He sucked her clit into his mouth and flicked his tongue over it, moving it back and forth. She was really getting wet now; he could feel his chin getting wet with her juices. He licked and sucked at her, wanting to pleasure her. He could feel her hand on the back of his head encouraging him, letting him know what she liked.

She continued to play with her chest, pulling at her nipple and squeezing it. It was getting sensitive with all of this touching and pulling and squeezing. It also intensified the feelings she was having as his tongue continued to move all over her pussy. She was really enjoying what he was doing, and had started to move her hips against his mouth. Her excitement had increased dramatically and she wanted to cum. She wasn't sure if he would be able to get her there, but was willing to give him the chance.

He felt her hips start to move against his mouth. He must be doing something right if she was getting this excited. He sucked her clit into his mouth again and flicked his tongue over it again and again. As he let it out of his mouth he would flick it back and forth. With the way he was sucking on her clit it was getting bigger and more sensitive. He continued to flick his tongue over it, always moving his tongue. He decided to slip a finger into her pussy. It was so slick that it took no effort. He slipped another finger with the first and started to move it in and out of her.

She felt him slip his fingers into her and moaned. It felt so good, his fingers, his tongue and her pulling at her nipple. That was the combination that she needed. She could feel her orgasm building deep with in her. She continued to move her hips against his mouth.

Her body started to tense up and he knew that she was about to have an orgasm. He closed his eyes and continued to lick and suck at her clit while moving his fingers in and out of her pussy. She continued to tense up, her hips stopped moving, and her eyes closed tightly. She arched her back slightly and let out a deep moan as she orgasmed. Her body trembled for a moment as the rush of the climax washed through her. He could feel the increase in wetness of her pussy and knew that the sheets on the bed were getting wet. He felt both of her hands on the side of his face pulling him up towards her. 

She whispered her thanks to him as she kissed him. She could taste herself on his lips, but didn't mind. She felt his hard cock between her legs pressing against her. She knew that he got excited when he was pleasuring her. She reached down and stroked it up and down. She felt the head and wiped the precum around the tip and down the shaft. She continued to kiss him as she ran her hands up and down his shaft, keeping him hard. It was her turn to take control.

She moved from under him and had him lay on his back. She took off her t-shirt and slid her panties down her legs and off onto the floor next to the bed. She looked at him as she ran her hand down between her legs over her very wet pussy. She reached in, getting her fingers wet and ran them over his shaft. She straddled him, and moved over his hard cock. She watched his face as she lifted his cock and placed it at her pussy. She lowered herself onto him. He felt so good inside her. She smiled as he closed his eyes and took a deep breath.

Her pussy felt soo good as it slid over his cock. She was very wet and tight. He could feel his cock throbbing inside of her. She started to move up and down over his shaft, slowly at first. He rested his hands on her hips, letting her control the speed and tempo. This was now her show and he let her have her way him. 

She had her hands on his chest as she moved up and down over his cock. His cock was shaped just right that it hit her g-spot perfectly as she moved up and down on him. She could feel another orgasm building within her. She leaned back, putting her hands on his legs and continued to move up and down over him. This leaning was putting more pressure on her g-spot as she moved up and down that she let out a moan of pleasure. She wanted him to cum to her, but if she could have another orgasm all the better for her.

She started to move up and down faster over him. He felt so good inside of her, that she was constantly moaning. She was trying not to be too loud, but it was hard to just not let it out. The orgasm was very close now. She leaned back more, putting even more pressure on her g-spot from his cock. It felt sooo good. She wanted to cum! There it was, the feeling of pure pleasure washing over her again, only different. The clit cum and the inner cum were different and felt different but were both very pleasurable. She had to slow a little as the waves of pleasure washed over her.

He continued to hold her hips as she climaxed. He could feel her juices running down his cock and onto the bed. He let her finish before rolling her off of him. He tried to keep his cock inside of her but it slipped out. It didn't matter, he would be back in her soon enough. He rolled her onto her back and moved between her legs. He pinned her arms over her head with one hand. With the other he held himself up over her looking down on her body. She was sweating a little with the exertion of the morning's activities. He could see his cock between her legs at her opening.

She liked it when he took control like this, and made her enjoy their sex. She felt his cock at the opening of her pussy. He was moving the head of his cock along her lips and then it was in her, deep and penetrating. She felt it slide back out and run up and down the length of her pussy, up over her clit and then back inside of her. She moaned with excitement at not being able to touch him and yet enjoying all of the touching that he was able to do to her. 

He started to thrust his cock in and out of her. She moved her hips with him, making his cock go as deep as it could. She moaned louder as he thrust hard against her. He cock felt so good inside of her. She struggled against his one hand, trying to free herself. She wanted to touch him, to run her hands over his strong chest. She wanted to hold him and touch as much of him as she could. She couldn't free her hands though, his grip was too strong.

He held her tightly and watched her chest heave up and down with each breath that she took. She was struggling to get her hands free, but he wouldn't let them go, not yet. He continued to thrust his cock in her enjoying the feeling of her tight wet pussy around his cock. He quickened his pace. He could feel himself getting closer. He let her hands go.

She reached up and pulled his face to hers, kissing him hard on the lips. She lightly bit his lower lip as she started to run her hands over his body. She touched everything that she could reach. She was so turned on, her body tingled with excitement. She could feel his cock getting larger in her and knew that he must be getting close. She moved her hands to his ass and pulled him into her. She pulled him faster and harder. She wanted to cum with him.

She continued to kiss him and suck on his lip. She could feel her orgasm building with in her. His cock was hitting the right spots this morning and it felt so very good. She moaned and pulled him hard into her. His cock felt huge within her. He was about to burst. She watched his eyes close and felt his body tense. There it was, she felt the burst of cum shoot from his cock within her. That was all that she needed. She climaxed right along with him. Her body tensing up she started to twitch as the orgasm rolled through her body.

He stayed on top of her for a while and enjoyed kissing this beautiful woman. His erection receding he felt his cock slip out of her. He reached over to the night stand and found a towel that he used to clean her up. He lay next to her, running his fingers along her naked chest. They both thought that morning sex was the best...