 The note just said, "Be at the train station at 7 p.m. Get on the express train at your regular stop. Be sure to take the 4th car and go to the very rear of the car. Don't plan on sitting down." Of course it also went into explicit details of what I was to be wearing. I was to have on my short black leather mini skirt and 4" heels. My blouse was to be the sheer white one. I was allowed to wear a bra…the red one that barely cupped the lower part of my 38D breasts. 

At least it was dark and unless you were very close to me you couldn't tell I was dressed as I was. I kept looking around hoping to see you come up to the stop with me. I was sure you were there just watching me. Just being sure I was following your orders. 

Suddenly the train appeared. The crowd pushed against one another, everyone hoping to get on and find a seat. I carefully counted the cars as they came to a shuddering halt. I didn't want to be on the wrong one. Slowly I inched my way into the car and through the mass of humanity. No one ever looks another person in the eye and as I scanned the crowd in the darkened area you were no where to be seen. I continued my trek to the rear.

Finally, making it to my ordered position, I turned and held the rail as the train jerked to an abrupt start. It took both hands to keep myself upright. That and the sudden assistance that someone to my rear decided to give. 

There was suddenly a hand cupped over my ass. It was a good thing that the train was making so much noise with its creaks and groans that no one would hear my sudden gasp. I told myself there was nothing to be concerned about, but I wasn't sure that it was you. But then, who else could it be. This was where you told me to stand. I leaned back a little to acknowledge the hand. It squeezed. I couldn't help but have a shiver run through my body. I could tell you felt it as well with the gently squeezing you continued to apply. I settled back to enjoy the ride.

The trip your hand took was decidedly sure of itself. Of course you knew that I was told to not wear panties tonight. The hand crept slowly but surely underneath the layer of leather and around to the front of my thigh. I was so wet already that drips were running down my thighs. The hand was finally there after its slow course. My clit was screaming for attention. I leaned back further, giving better access. You got the hint and began a gentle but thorough massage of my pussy. My sighs and groans were louder but I didn't care and I doubt anyone heard them anyway. No one could see one another in the darkness so it really didn't matter. I was just going to enjoy the ride.

The hand continued its rapid movements, occasionally reaching between my thighs gathering juices. Just when I thought it couldn't get any better another hand reached between my legs trying to gain access. Hoping to get relief I spread my thighs slightly. There was only a couple of inches room but enough for the second hand to reach its destination. My juices made it easy for the fingers to reach up inside me, prodding repeatedly. It was so similar to a small cock gaining access to me. It was enough for the sensations to rise but not enough to allow climax to occur. Again I attempted to spread my legs but was barely able to move. Instead I bent my knees slightly as I held the vertical bar with both hands for support. This gave the access the hands needed. The rubbing over my clit increased and suddedly more fingers were probing inside me. The movements along with the jerking of the train were enough to make me cum in a shattering climax. 

I held the bar as tightly as I could but I felt limp all over. As my contractions continued the fingers were held in place. I couldn't stand upright. I just steadied myself, trying to control my breathing again. 

Gradually my pussy stopped its pulsating movements. The hand slowly slid down and out. It ran slowly up my ass but finally came out and smoothed my skirt down again. The other one came around my thigh just as smoothly. I could now stand but barely had the energy to do so. 

The train suddenly began to slow its forward motion. My stop was just up ahead. People were already pushing to gain access to the doors. I moved forward with them knowing I would see you once everyone was off the train.

I stood on the platform waiting for the crowd to thin. Suddenly I saw you and leaned forward for a long satisfying kiss. Your hand as usual went around me and straight to my leather covered ass. As I looked up at you and smiled you commented, "I am so sorry that you couldn't get on the correct car. I was sitting there waiting for you during the entire ride."

My jaw fell open. No, it had to have been you in the train. No one else would have done those things to me. Or would they?