 My boyfriend and I had planned this road trip for a few weeks. He wasn't too thrilled about wasting four days driving down to Atlanta and back again, especially during football season. For me, it was family. My sister had just had a baby and this was going to be my first peek at my new nephew. I didn't want to go alone. Tim was good about it though. He only bitched about the trip for an hour before we finally got in the car and on the road.

Since we were taking the trip and Tim wanted to be comfortable, we took his car, a black BMW. He didn't want to be inconvenienced. I wasn't going to argue. I was getting my way. Besides, I had a few surprises planned for Tim. If he behaved.

As I settled in the front seat, I leaned my seat back and slipped my sandals off. Tim was complaining about traffic already and I knew it was time for my first surprise. I looked over at Tim and smiled. He had no idea how much fun this trip was going to be. I closed my eyes and very slowly ran my hands over my stomach. I was wearing a midriff top that buttoned up the front and a pair of shorts. My fingers glided over my stomach and I could already feel myself getting wet between my legs. 

The windows were down and the air coming into the car felt good against me. I slid my hand up and over my top. My nipples were already getting hard and sensitive. A soft "O" escaped my lips as my fingers brushed over my hard nubs. I opened my eyes and looked at Tim when I heard him gasp. He was watching me and trying to drive at the same time. I didn't say a word as I slowly unbuttoned the top button on my shirt and then the next and then the next. There were only five buttons and the bottom two were holding my shirt together.

Pulling the top of my shirt open, I showed Tim my breasts. I hadn't worn a bra today, knowing that I wasn't going to be dressed all that much. Slipping my hand inside my shirt, I gently pulled my breast free, pinching my nipple with my thumb and forefinger. Tim was crazy, trying to watch the road and me at the same time. Sliding the tip of my finger into my mouth, I sucked gently, wetting the tip. Tim's eyes nearly exploded as he watched me rub my wet finger around my hard nipple. The cool air from the window rushed over me, making me arch up.

I unbuttoned the last two buttons on my shirt, letting it fall open. My breasts were exposed to anyone passing by us. I pushed them together and rubbed my hands over them. I moaned as I pulled on both nipples and then twisted them slightly. I was getting so aroused, just from playing with my own tits. 

I head a horn and looked up. A trucker had pulled up beside us and was looking down at me. I licked my lips and tugged on my breasts again. I have full breasts and have no trouble licking my own nipples. And I did just that. Leaning my head over, I stuck my tongue down and flicked my right nipple. The trucker honked again and I smiled at him. Tim slowed down, forcing the truck to move past us. I laughed.

Sliding into the corner of the seat, I watched Tim again. Running my hands down my stomach again, I headed for the sweet spot. Tim gulped hard, trying to focus but rapidly losing that ability. Slipping my hands down my stomach, I finally reached between my legs. My shorts were wet. I looked at Tim as I slid my hand down inside the front of my shorts. I moaned as my fingers came into contact with my soft curls. I slipped my finger just inside my pussy and stopped. I love the feel of my finger inside me. It's almost enough to push me over the edge.

Tim was signaling to change lanes. As he did, I used my other hand to unzip my shorts, pulling them open. He could see my hand and the top of my curls. I slid my finger in deeper and moaned. Tim stepped on the gas and headed to an exit. My finger was digging deeper inside me and I moaned again. Tim finally pulled off and into a rest stop. Parking near the back, he rammed the car into park and turned it off. I looked around and saw a couple of cars and trucks in the parking lot but no one close to us.

Tim turned and looked at me, his eyes bright and wide. I lifted myself up and pulled my shorts off. I was essentially naked, my open top the only stitch of clothing I had on. I opened my legs, raising one foot up on the dash. Again, I moved my fingers down between my legs, opening my pussy wide for Tim to see. He watched as I ran my finger up and down the inside of my lips, pulling and tugging. I slipped my finger inside me again, fucking myself slowly. I moaned and arched up. 

I opened my eyes when I heard movement. Tim was leaning over, his knees in his seat. He pushed my hands away and I felt his tongue lap my pussy. I moaned and slid forward. Tim held my pussy open with his fingers as his tongue dipped inside me, licking my cunt. As his tongue twisted and pushed inside me, his finger was rubbing my clit. I was moaning, the car was shaking. I felt my orgasm reaching it's peak. I pushed his head down into my cunt and I screamed out my orgasm. Tim sucked my pussy into his mouth, pulling every last drop into his mouth. 

When he lifted his head, his face was wet and his chin was red. I smiled. Reaching down for my shorts, I pulled them on quickly and buttoned the middle three buttons on my shirt. I opened the car door and told him to follow me. I leaped out of the car and ran to one of the benches tucked back behind the rest stop. I looked around and found one that was secluded. I heard Tim behind me. I sat on the bench and told him to stand in front of me.

As he moved, I reached up, grabbing his pants by the belt. I quickly unzipped his pants and pulled his cock out. He was hard and there was already a dab of precum on the tip. He looked around quickly then groaned as I wrapped my lips around the tip of his cock and sucked him inside. I was hungry for him. My mouth closed tight around him, moving up and down his shaft. I wrapped my left hand around the base of his cock and used my right hand to fondle his balls. Tim moaned.

Sucking Tim is one of my favorite pastimes. I love the way he feels and the way he tastes. I sucked him down to the back of my throat and held him there, rolling my tongue along him. I pulled my head back to just hold the tip in my mouth and then pushed back down again. Back and forth, I bobbed my head on his cock. I heard cars around us, people laughing and talking. The idea of getting caught just excited me more. 

I sucked harder, pulling on his balls with my hand. Tim was moaning, pushing his cock deeper inside my mouth. I felt him tense and his cock twitched in my mouth. I sucked hard and felt his cum spew onto my throat. Sucking him, I drank down his warm liquid. 

I tucked him back into his pants and stood up, leaning my hands on his chest. I smiled and told him we better get back on the road. I skipped back to the car and tried not to laugh as he walked slowly back to the driver's seat. As he pulled out of the parking lot, he asked me what the hell all that was about. 

"Just a few surprises I have planned. I hope you won't mind."

That's all I would tell him. As we drove, he kept looking over at me. I was watching the scenery and enjoying the thrill of him not knowing what I was going to do next. I slid my sunglasses on and rested. After about an hour, I was feeling ready for another surprise. I leaned over closer to him. Whispering in his ear, I told Tim, "I'm horny again. My pussy is so wet and it's throbbing to be fucked. Do you want to fuck it, Tim? Do you want to open my pussy wide and fuck me? I want you to. I want you to fuck me so hard I scream."

I slipped my hand down between his legs and rubbed him through his pants. He was getting hard again. Pressing the palm of my hand against his groin, I moved it in small circles. He was growing harder by the second and his breathing was getting faster. I unzipped his pants and reached my hand inside. He was still damp from earlier and I wrapped my hand around him. I pulled my hand up and down his shaft and stroked him. 

Tim was trying desperately to drive and find someplace else to park. I unbuttoned my shirt again, letting my breasts hang free. My fingers were wrapped tight around his cock, moving up and down, stroking him hard. I rolled my finger over the tip of his cock and Tim moaned. The gear shift was sitting between us. Lifting my hand away from his cock, I leaned over and wrapped my breasts around the gear shift. I simulated tit fucking his cock with the gear shift.

"I'm so horny, Tim. I need you to fuck me. I need to feel your cock ramming up inside my pussy. I even need to feel your cock drilling my ass over and over again. My cum needs to drip over your cock. Tim, I need you to fuck me now."

I pushed my breasts down over the gear shift again and Tim cut off a car as he headed for another exit. This time, there was no resting area. Tim pulled off the highway and then down a side road. There was no one around when he stopped the car. I smiled, licking my lips as I stepped out of the car. Tim came out and around to my side. My shirt was hanging open as I pulled my shorts off and tossed them into the car. Tim didn't waste anytime. His hard cock was standing up and ready. 

Leaning me over the trunk of the car, Tim spread my legs and rammed his fingers up my pussy. I moaned and begged him to fuck me. When I felt the tip of his cock at my opening, I pushed back. Tim rammed his cock up my pussy and grabbed my hips. Pulling me back against him, Tim fucked me hard and fast. I felt my orgasm immediately, causing me to wrap my pussy muscles around his cock tighter. Over and over again, he slammed into my pussy, fucking me. I looked back over my shoulder and encouraged him.

"Fuck me, Tim. Fuck me harder. My fucking cunt needs it. Ohhh fuck my cunt.... ohhhhh fuck!"

Another orgasm ripped through me. Tim pulled out, leaving me empty, but not for long. Pulling my ass cheeks apart, I moaned when I felt the tip of his cock at my ass. As he pushed himself inside me, I reached down and slipped my fingers inside my pussy. Tim fucked my ass, moaning and grunting as I fucked my pussy. I loved it. Tim was close and he told me so, "Get ready... fuck your ass.... I'm gonna fill your fucking ass full of cum.... here it comes!!!"

Tim's cock exploded inside me. I peaked again, my pussy coming hard. Tim pulled out, pumping what was left of his cum on the ground. I turned around and leaned against him, pulling his head down to kiss his mouth. His tongue pushed against mine and we devoured each other. Slipping away from him, I settled into the front seat again. This time, I left my shorts off. I buttoned the middle three buttons of my top and leaned back in the corner. I felt my cum slipping from me. I grabbed a blanket from the backseat and sat on it, my cum dipping from my pussy.

Tim got back in the car and looked at my bare pussy. He smiled, reached over and petted my wet pussy and then pulled back onto the road. As we finished the drive to Atlanta, I kept my pussy in the open. Truckers loved it, honking and watching as I played with myself. Tim and I stopped three more times, fucking each other senseless before we got to Atlanta. Tim's planning another road trip soon. He wants to fuck me across the country. I'm not arguing.