 Again as with all of my stories, this is another true adventure of my wife Kathy and me. It was the summer of 1979 and it was hotter than normal, our vacation was rapidly approaching and our plans had been made for our first trip to the beach. I was dieing to see Kathy in the new bikini that she had just purchased.

We had taken many trips before but this would be the first one without the kids since they had been born, they were staying with the grandparents. The morning that we were scheduled to leave was bright and sunny and we were soon on the road. Those were the days of full service gas stations and we had decided to take a side trip back through the mountains on our way to the beach, since our reservations were not to start for two days we had plenty of time to spare. As we were driving the back mountain roads I told Kathy to keep an eye out for a gas station as our tank was starting to get low. We soon found a country station in the middle of nowhere. 

As I pulled in, Kathy said, "If this is a young attendant I'm going to have some fun." She was wearing a top that she had unbuttoned except for one button that barely kept it closed over her bare breasts and a plaid mini skirt that was about two sizes too small. As we pulled off of the road, she pulled off her panties. Soon we were waiting at the pumps for the attendant to come out to fill the tank. Luckily for Kathy he looked to be about 25, blond hair and even with the coveralls on it was easy to tell that he was very well built. 

He came to the window and bent down to ask how much gas we wanted and instantly his eyes caught sight of Kathy's breasts, which were exposed to the point of almost showing her nipples. I could tell by his startled look that he was going to have a hard time concentrating on his job. I could hear Kathy softly say, "Yummy."

He started pumping the gas and cleaned the back window, then came around to the front of the car and cleaned the driver side front windshield. As he crossed to the passenger side Kathy propped her legs up on the dash giving full view of her pussy with its heart shaped tuft of hair. She lie back, closed her eyes and pretended to be asleep. The poor attendant cleaned her window so many times that I thought he was going to wear the glass out. As the pump clicked off indicating that the tank was finished filling, he took a step backward without taking his eyes off of the view and almost tripped over the water can sitting by the pumps. He regained his composer, withdrew the nozzle from the tank and returned to my side window, bent over to ask for the money and I'm sure take one more look.

I paid him for the gas and started to pull away when Kathy said "Pull over into the shade; I am going inside to tip the attendant". 

I parked the car and we both got out and went inside, as I looked at the maps and bought a soda from the machine, Kathy went over to talk to the attendant who seemed to be all alone in the small country station. As I moved away from her, I could tell that the fun was about to begin. As she talked to him she kept adjusting her top to provide him a better view of her assets, soon she started to pay for a candy bar that she had selected from the rack and in the process she "accidentally" dropped her change on the floor, of course being the gentleman that he was, the attendant was quick to pick it up for her. As he came up from the floor he found himself facing into the front of her very short mini skirt. He tried to take his eyes off of the site but each time he would try, she would lift the hem just a little more. Soon he was eye to eye with Kathy's pussy Kathy asked, "Do you like what you see?"

The attendant was speechless, he kept trying to answer but nothing would come out. Kathy then said, "Maybe this will help you get your voice back." With one hand she unbuttoned the single button that was holding her top together, thus exposing her full breasts. After the children had been born her breasts went from a 32C to 36C and never shrank back down. I could tell by looking at her nipples that she was getting turned on in a hurry. Still he could not say anything. 

With one fluid movement, she completely removed the top, now standing there in front of him completely topless. Again she asked, "Do you like what you see?" Still there was no answer, he just stood with his mouth open. Again with a single movement she unbuttoned her mini skirt and let it fall to the floor. 

Now she was really turned on, she grabbed him and gave him a very deep kiss. Started to unzip his coveralls and reach inside to find what kind of tool that he had. Soon he had all he could take and picked her up and carried her into the garage portion of the station. I moved to a point where I could watch what was going on. He raising the lube rack about three feet off of the floor he laid her down on the cold metal, off came the coveralls and shirt. Kathy jumped up and began to help him remove his pants, as she unzipped his fly she reached inside and pulled out one enormous cock. It looked to be about 9 inches long and still growing, instantly she was on her knees on the greasy floor taking as much of it into her mouth as she could. As she began to bring him to a climax she stopped and told him that she wanted to feel that tool in her. Again he picked her up and placed her back on the cold metal lift. Slowly she raised her legs to give him full access to all of her goodies. With this he moved into her, slow at first but it wasn't long until he was going at a very fast and hard pace. Kathy placed her legs on his shoulders and began to scream, "Fuck me harder." The harder he put it too her the louder she yelled, until she let out a moan and began to shudder all over, I could tell that the first wave of organism was beginning to flow over her, soon to be followed by another and another,

I think you could hear her scream a mile away, but he kept going and going. He said that her was about to cum, Kathy quickly pulled away from him and grabbed his cock in her small hand, keeping up the rhythm she jumped from the lift and put it into her mouth and began sucking as hard as she could. As I watched, you could tell that he was filling her mouth with all the hot sticky cum that she could hold and then some. It wasn't long until you could see cum leaking from the edges of her mouth and dripping onto her breasts, but he kept cumming and cumming. With one final jerk he unloaded the last of his load, Kathy backed away, opened her mouth slowly, showing him the load that he had left, smiled, closed her mouth and swallowed. As he watched, she opened her mouth to show that it was all gone. She bent over and gave his now shrinking member a quick kiss.

Without a word she walked back into the store portion of the station, gathered up her clothes, threw them across her shoulder, walked out the door and across the lot, completely naked as the day she was born, climbed into the car and was ready to leave. I followed along behind watching that beautiful bare ass swing from side to side. As we pulled off the lot, we could hear the attendant shout, "You all come back." We laughed and laughed as we pulled away. More adventures from this vacation to follow.