 "What a hot and sultry day for a train ride, "Debbie thought as she waited for the 11:25 to arrive. She sighed, and realized she didn't have to move a muscle to break a sweat, as the air was already so heavy with moisture. Any minute now and the constant chatter of nameless faces around her would be silenced by the high-pitched squeaks and scrapes of the silver liner pulling into 30th Street Station. 

Once she boarded the train it wouldn't be long before she got to see her folks again in Michigan, maybe 7 hours or so. Then she would be surrounded by family and be having fun under the spacious Midwestern skies, like any respectable preacher's daughter would be.

"Hmmm, this outfit doesn't exactly look like the typical good little virgin's attire"-Debbie mused as she glanced down at the front of her body. The color was innocent enough, but the style and fit of the pale pink jumpsuit on her short but voluptuous frame beckoned the male species to devour her with just one look. Her wonderfully thick auburn hair was true crowning glory upon her head, wavy and sparkling in the midday sun. 

Her green eyes reflected her auburn locks enticingly, and the white-framed sunglasses gave her face an almost Hollywood-starlet look. The pinkness of the sleeveless jumpsuit enhanced her beautiful 38C breasts, and her nipples were sensitized by the slightest breeze blowing by. A teasing strand of sweat trickled down from her neck to the valley between her warm mounds, releasing the sweet nectar she was so familiar with. The gathered material at the waist accentuated her shapely hips, and easily revealed the heart-shaped ass underneath the flimsy cotton material. 

And to complete the look, she wore sexy little white ankle boots laced up in front. "Yes, this outfit is just perfect," Debbie thought. She was sure her appearance would gather more than a few looks from male passengers on the train to Detroit.

"All Aboard!!" the engineer called out, and Debbie was back in the real world again. A friendly porter loaded her large suitcase onto the train and offered to escort her inside. She said "Thanks, I can manage," smiled sweetly and boarded the train. She quickly found her seat and began to settle in for the ride, stowing her large purse under her seat. 

"It shouldn't be too hard to find someone to chat with here," she thought to herself as she grabbed her favorite snack, Twizzlers red licorice, and a magazine from her purse. Gazing around for possible companions, Debbie twisted her body seductively in the oversized seat. 

"No outstanding characters in this car," she mumbled, and decided to read for a while. As her eyes flipped through the pages of mindless matter, the train pulled slowly out of 30th street station and headed west out of the city, into the heat of the mid-summer day's sun. 

How could anyone know exactly how eventful that trip might be? 

"Good afternoon, passengers. Cocktails are now being served in the lounge car for adults, 21 and over. Dinner will be served later this afternoon at 4:30 p.m. On behalf of the conductor, thank you for traveling with us today on Amtrak, and enjoy your trip!" 

Debbie awoke in a daze to the garbled sounds of the train's intercom system, and realized she'd been sleeping for an hour already. Cocktails, mmm, that sounded good, very good, right about now. What would it be today. Kahlua & Cream, 7 & 7, JD & Coke, wine, beer, the possibilities were all intoxicating to Debbie. It's a Kahlua & Cream day, no doubt, Debbie decided. The first impulse is usually the best! Debbie grabbed her wallet and headed for the lounge car, not sure exactly where it was but ready for the adventure of finding out. 

As she walked through the car she'd been sitting in, she noticed that people had moved from the seats they were sitting in while she'd been sleeping, and that some different passengers were now in their place. "Wow, I didn't realize you could just change seats like that, she marveled. Well, if they can, they I guess I can too." 

She started thinking about where she'd like to sit next when she noticed a distinctly seductive man's cologne lingering in the airspace around her. Oooh, it was fresh and almost musk-like, very intriguing, and was making her nose prickle like a horny little rabbit! "I must find out where (or who) that scent is coming from, and introduce myself." 

Debbie glanced down to see her nipples getting hard again, at the very thought the mystery presented to her. She found the lounge car and had to wait in a long line for service. As she was waiting she scanned the passengers faces around her. She immediately noticed a young couple a few spots ahead of her in line-they were very lively and physically affectionate with one another. 

Debbie noticed the man's hand resting on the left cheek of his girlfriend's ass, and the girl was obviously enjoying the attention. He whispered something to her and she giggled flirtatiously back at him, pressed her chest against his and lustfully licked his earlobe. 

Mmmm, Debbie thought, I wouldn't mind being her right now, feeling twinges of excitement growing deep within. The man kissed her back passionately, grasping her hair by nape of her neck. The sexual tension was obvious to everyone in line, whether they cared to admit it or not. 

Suddenly, Debbie's stare was met by the flirtatious woman only a few steps away. "Oh, no, I've gotten her mad at me for staring, she thought." But to Debbie's amazement the woman smiled gently and amiably back at her, communicating that she was flattered and not angered by her intent gazing. "Very cool of her, cool indeed," Debbie thought. "I think I wouldn't mind socializing with those two." Little did Debbie know, but she was about to get that chance. 

Finally Debbie was next in line to be served. "Kahlua & Creme please, thank you," she quipped to the bartender. "I wonder where they are from," Debbie mused about the amorous young couple. That was so sexy the way they fondled each other in front of everyone...

"Excuse me, I'm Joanne and this is Rick. Would you like to sit with us for a while? We noticed you seem to be a little lonely on the train today." Debbie was shocked; here were the very man and woman she was thinking of, standing here inviting her to sit and chat awhile. 

"Why of course, thank you very much! I'm Debbie, nice to meet you. Where are you sitting?" she asked. 

"Right this way Deb, can I call you Deb?" Joanne said. Debbie nodded in approval and they both laughed, breaking the awkwardness of the moment. They found their seats and began making small talk, when all of the sudden Debbie noticed that haunting fragrance hanging in the air again. Her head instantly turned from side to side, forgetting about the conversation she was having and concentrating on finding the source of that delectable fragrance. 

"Debbie, this is our friend Greg," Joanne said, as Debbie turned back around in her seat. Debbie was overcome with sexual excitement. Their friend, Greg, was the one who emanated that wonderfully seductive smell. And he looked as good as the cologne he was wearing smelled, too. Oh what good fortune, Debbie thought, as she eased back in the padded seat and squared her shoulders coquettishly, letting the full beauty of her breasts speak for her. She could tell by Greg's eyes that her actions were being very well received and noted. And when they shook hands, she knew this man would have his hands upon her in no time at all.

Debbie took in the full sight of Greg as they chatted, noticing every little detail about him. He was tall, about 6'2", and built very much like an athlete. He wore tight blue jeans, cowboy boots, and a sky blue button down short-sleeved shirt, which showed off his tan quite nicely. He had ocean deep blue eyes and wavy light brown hair, perfectly suited for running her fingers through. His hands looked strong and gentle both, and Debbie imagined what they might find to do with her willing body.

And of course she noticed his crotch, which revealed a most delicious bulge at any given moment. "I just wonder what THAT looks like when it's free," Debbie said to herself. 

"What are those beautiful green eyes thinking, Debbie?" Greg asked, giving her a sexy wink and smile.

"If only you knew, Greg, if only!" Debbie flirted back, loving the little game they were playing, up close and personal.

The scenery in the mountains of Pennsylvania was beautiful, but soon began to pass by in a blur as Debbie felt herself succumbing to the effects of a few too many Kahlua & Creams. Then the train crossed in the mountainous area of Northern West Virginia, where the temperature seemed to be getting warmer by the minute. It was now about 4 p.m. in the afternoon, and the train crew was busily getting ready for the dinner crowd in the dining car. 

Then, without warning the unthinkable happened! The train stopped, seemingly in the middle of nowhere, with nothing but trees and power lines on either side. The chatty foursome giggled at first, thinking nothing major had gone wrong. But within minutes, the conductor's voice came over the loudspeaker and informed everyone that an earlier train had derailed about 50 miles ahead. We would have to simply sit in our present location and waited for official clearance before we could move forward. There was no clue as to how long it would take to repair the damage; we were simply thanked for our patience and left to our fate.

And then the conductor added that he would have to shut down the air conditioning as well, letting us bake in the 95* heat of that sultry West Virginia afternoon. 

"Well, what now?" Debbie asked, as if anyone in the group would have a satisfying answer to that question. 

"May I suggest something?" Greg spoke up. "Debbie, if you like, we can at least go for a walk through the cars, get some exercise, maybe find some fresh air at the end of the train, stop for another drink, and get to know each other a little better?"

Debbie cocked her head sheepishly to one side and knew in an instant what Greg was alluding to. Why not, she thought, this may be just the ticket to making time fly as they waited for the train to start moving again.

"Sure, I'd love to go for a walk, Greg. Lead the way!"

Greg stretched out his arm as any gentleman would, and Debbie stood up to take his hand. Greg began winding his way through the maze of passengers crowding the exit at the end of the lounge car. "May I get you another drink, my sexy lady in pink?" Greg asked. 

"Absolutely, another Kahlua & Cream, before they run out of them," Debbie answered. They stopped at the bar and ordered drinks, taking long moments to let their eyes feast on each other's bodies without the watchful stares of their friends, Joanne and Rick. Even though the temperature was already heating up the room, Debbie couldn't resist the urge to lean temptingly close to Greg's ear and whisper, "You know, I'm feeling like we need to be alone together."

Greg moaned softly, "I know exactly what you mean, Debbie, and believe me, you won't spend another moment wondering if I can make that happen." 

Mmmm, Debbie mused, he's onto me now, I can't wait to see what he's got in store for me for the rest of ride. With that, she traveled her lips along his earlobe and down his neck, speaking the sexy language that only lovers understand.

"Sir, your drinks are ready. Sir, that's $7.00.Uh Hum. Excuse me." 

"Oh, I'm sorry, here you are, and keep the change," Greg managed to say while handing the bartender a $10.00 bill. "I'm just a tad distracted by my lovely lady friend here." They both giggled as they grabbed their drinks and headed through the door to the next car. 

By this time Debbie's juices were beginning to flow from deep within, and her scent was becoming obvious. She was getting hotter by the second as she followed Greg down the narrow aisles of the cars, and trying desperately to walk a straight line after drinking at least 6 Kahlua & Creams. When they reached the spot where Debbie had been sitting at the start of the train ride, she said, "Greg, do you mind if we sit here a bit? I'm feeling a little tipsy right now." 

"Anything to look at your gorgeous body," he flirtatiously cooed to her. 

"Well," Debbie thought, "if he keeps buttering me up like that, my juicy pussy will open like the petals of a flower on a warm summer morning. Damn!" Debbie remembered that there was something that would keep her from feeling the rock hard sensation of any man's cock right now. It was that time of the month for her... 

But that didn't stop her mind from whirling. She wanted Greg in the worst possible way, and she'd have to find a way to work around the inconvenience, and she was sure just what to do with this handsome fellow. They sat side by side, and Greg turned to look straight into her eyes, letting his hands circle around her waist. 

"I need to tell you, I am putty in your hands right now young lady," he blurted out. "I feel the same way Greg, and I have the presence of mind to share my delights with you, Debbie giggled. "Watch THIS," she said, and without blinking an eye, reached behind her back and quickly undid her bra. Then she easily shimmied out the straps, pulling the bra out from under her outfit without having to slide down the arms of the tank top jumpsuit. 

Greg's eyes glowed with excitement and lust, realizing he wasn't dealing with a shrinking violet. This lady was seriously ready to fuck or suck, maybe both! She obviously didn't care with the other passengers thought, publicly stripping herself of her bra the way she did. Hmmm, what a jezebel, what a tease, what divine temptation! 

"Here's what I think of your little striptease, Debbie!" Greg pulled her close and in an instant his mouth covered hers, searching for her lips, then her tongue, then her sex-hungry soul. Debbie countered with kisses just as passionate and forceful as Greg's, matching the desire he displayed with increasing fury. After several minutes of hair-tussling, lipstick smearing, heart-stopping kissing, Greg broke free and motioned for Debbie to follow him again. She was up and stumbling in an instant, and they walked quickly to the next car. 

Greg stopped next to the men's room and instructed Debbie to wait in the hallway for a moment as he entered the men's room. She complied, wondering what he was up to. About a minute later an older gentleman emerged, gazed at Debbie's voluptuous body briefly, smiled broadly, and sauntered slowly down the hall. As soon as he was out of sight Debbie knocked on the men's room door and asked "Greg, Greg, are you okay in there?" The door flew open and Greg pulled Debbie inside and locked the door behind her. 

"Now you devilish tease, now we'll find out what's really under that sexy wrap you're wearing," Greg growled in a sex-starved voice. He slid the sleeves off Debbie's shoulders, revealing her abundant and sweat-covered breasts. Then he fell to the floor on his knees, and slowly began licking and kissing the underside of her breasts. "Oh yes, oh God yes, mmmmmmmm, Greg, that's wonderful," Debbie dreamily sighed over and over. He lavished his tongue all over her upper body, stopping briefly to kiss her mouth hard and hungrily. 

"Please, please let me taste more of you," he said. 

"Well normally I would, but right now it's an inconvenient time," Debbie stammered, hoping he wouldn't be dissuaded from his pursuit of her. He looked her in the eyes and asked point blank if she had been stringing him along, to which she answered no. "It's just that time, she said, but I have another idea for relieving that tension you're feeling." 

Debbie dropped to her knees, and without a word undid his jeans and found his rock hard cock tucked under his briefs. And it was a hunk of a cock, a solid 8.5 inches and very thick. "This is what I do best, and you can enjoy as much of my mouth as you want." 

Debbie slid her lips over the bulbous head of his cock and left no inch of it dry. Greg moaned loudly and approvingly, telling to never, ever stop what she was doing. And doing it she was, lashing her tongue around the base, the sides, then the top of his cock without mercy. She alternated gently scraping her teeth along the ridge of the head with licking his large and swollen ball sack, moaning feverishly as she devoured each part. Greg's knees began to quiver excitedly and he could take no more. 

"Debbie I have to come, I must come, now!" he said loudly to her. 

"Let me make it happen for you Baby," she cooed back. With that she stood up and pulled Greg into one of the stalls, sitting down on the toilet and facing Greg's cock. "Fuck my tits, Greg, fuck them hard and fast!!" Debbie was breathing heavily now and kissed Greg anywhere and everywhere she found flesh exposed. 

"God you are so good, so good!" Greg sighed as he thrust his manhood between Debbie's ample tits. Debbie pushed her tits together to make the perfect tunnel for Greg's gorgeous cock, and let some saliva spill from her mouth to lubricate the probing cock.

They fucked like crazed teenagers for what seemed like an eternity, and finally Greg felt himself toppling over the edge of an extreme orgasm. "Yes, Yes, Yes!!! Oh do it Babe, do it!" 

And with that, large spurts of gooey cum squirted all over Debbie's sweaty tits and neck, making them even wetter than before. Debbie was so sexed up she grabbed handfuls of his cum and lathered them all over her body, anywhere she could reach. 

"Greg you are so hot, so fucking hot! I'm going to rub my pussy and come just for you!" she breathed loudly. Debbie thrust her right hand down into the jumpsuit and furiously began rubbing the nubbin, and Greg continued rubbing his cock over her tits again and again. Then he devoured her lips once more, causing the tremors of lust to ignite her orgasm completely. 

Debbie flung her long red hair back and yelled "Oh Baby!" and let the waves of ecstasy overwhelm her, shaking and quivering until the last wave subsided. Greg collapsed forward onto Debbie's ample chest, letting his sweaty groin mingle with her sperm covered torso. 

They laughed sheepishly as they looked at the mess they created, and kissed each other ravenously again. Mmmm, Debbie thought, I'm on track to Paradise. And with that, a knock at the door startled the lustful lovers, and they quickly fumbled for the best possible explanation to the passenger waiting outside the door. But that's another story!