 As I turned the corner I saw him standing outside of the Starbucks. My stomach flipped and I tried to picture what he looked like the last time I saw him, thirty years ago. He was still long and lean. He still had brown hair, no grey in sight. He was wearing glasses, which he hadn't had the last time I saw him. His button down shirt was starched and he had the sleeves rolled up to mid forearm. His khaki pants draped nicely over his ass. He no longer had the body of a twenty-year-old, but he looked good. Damn he looked good. There he was. My college sweetheart. I had hoped to meet him inside. I wanted to breathe in as much air as I could before finally standing in front of him. But he watched me cross the parking lot and instead of taking air into my lungs, I felt it all rush out.

I walked up to him and he smiled as we reached out to hug each other. We went inside and ordered our drinks, then found a table. We talked about old times, and we talked about what each of us had been doing over the past thirty years. As he talked I was watching his mouth, and his hands, and thirty years dissolved into thin air and I was back in the bedroom of his college apartment. He had picked me up at my dorm and had driven us to his apartment 30 miles away. It was the first time we would spend the night together and the air inside that car was electric. We were both giddy with excitement as we fell through his apartment door. I remember how tall he was. I remember his strong jaw that I loved to touch and his beautiful mouth that I loved to kiss. And I remember his hands. Oh, the things he had done with those hands.

We had rushed through the apartment, all those years ago, but when we got to his bed we both just stopped and stared at each other. He reached for me and began slowly unbuttoning my shirt. I reached for his belt buckle and pulled him towards me. We slowly undressed each other, stopping to kiss every now and then. Finally we stood there naked but not touching, just looking into each other's eyes. His eyes broke contact and roamed up and down my body and then he pulled me into him and we kissed softly and sweetly at first and then our kisses grew harder and more urgent. We fell back on to the bed with him on top of me and the feeling of skin against skin felt so good it was almost torturous. His mouth moved from my lips to my neck, and down until I felt his mouth close around one nipple while his hand explored the other. I arched my back and pushed my breast into his mouth as far as it would go. After several long, heavenly moments, he went down, down, down, until I felt his mouth on me, hot and wet. He licked and sucked and stroked until I came in a rush of spasms.

He moved up next to me and lay down by my side, caressing my breasts lightly and brushing his fingertips over my belly, watching me come back down to earth. When my breathing was steady again I turned and snuggled into him. I kissed his neck and ran my hand down his chest, over his belly and hips, and around to his tight ass. My hands moved from behind to his front until my hand found him hard, and erect. His dick was so tight it felt like he would explode any minute so I pulled back, knelt down between his knees and took him in my mouth. After the first deep plunge, I licked slowly, around and around the head. My hand worked up and down as I pushed my mouth down and up over and over, my efforts fueled by his moans. I took his balls in my mouth and ran my hand up and down his dick, then my mouth and my hand traded places. My hand caressed his balls and my mouth took all of him in, over and over, faster and faster. He moaned as my tongue swirled around his cock. I reached around and took his ass in both of my hands and gently squeezed. I looked up at him at the same time he looked down at me and our eyes met. I was lightly running my tongue around the head of his dick, licking it like a Popsicle, all the while maintaining eye contact with him. Suddenly I plunged him back deep in my mouth and his head fell back on the bed as he moaned louder and shot into my mouth. I continued licking him until he was clean and then I moved up over him until I was laying on him and breathing him in. His hands found my ass, then my waist and then he flipped me over so that he was laying on top of me now...

Back at the coffee house he was asking me a question, but I hadn't heard it. I was back in his apartment, snuggled in his arms. I brought my mind back to the present.

"I asked where your sons are today," he repeated.

"They both went out of town for a few days. They went to visit some amusement parks," I told him.

His eyes bore into mine and I knew he was trying to judge whether I had meant that as an invitation to him, or if I was merely answering his question.

We talked for three hours that summer afternoon. I wanted so badly to reach out and touch him, but I didn't have the nerve to be so bold. Thirty years was a long time. Maybe he didn't find me attractive any more. Maybe he didn't remember how in love we once had been. As I followed him through the coffee house and out the door, I thought back to that sweet spot on his body—that area at the small of his back, just before his ass began. I remembered the patch of soft downy hair and the small indentation that led to his fabulous ass. As we got to the door I saw him look at me in the reflection in the glass. He had seen me looking at his ass and he gave me a shy smile. I didn't want him to go, but I didn't know what to say to keep him with me, so we hugged good-bye, promised to keep in touch, and we each walked back to our cars.

Late that night I lay on my bed, remembering how good it had felt to fall asleep with him all those years ago. He had had a twin bed but we didn't need more room. We would have been glued to each other had it been a double, or a queen or a king-size bed. I remembered our arms and legs wrapped up in each other. I remembered how we spooned when we slept, how I hugged his arms into my cleavage like a teddy bear.

Bump! I heard something hit my window. The house was completely quiet and I froze, wondering what had made that sound. 

Bump. Bump. Bump. I heard it again. I turned off the light and went to the window. And there he was, standing in the moonlight, throwing rocks at my window just as he had done when we were in college. I opened the window and called out to him, "My roommate's not home! This time you can come in."

He laughed and said, "I thought you'd never ask." 

I raced down the stairs. It wasn't until I threw open the door that I remembered that I was in my nightie. The look on his face and the heat in his eyes reminded me just how little I actually was wearing. He came into the house without a word. I took his hand and kissed his palm, then hugged his arm, holding his hand in both of mine and hugging it up against my throat. We stood there looking at each other and then I turned and led him up the stairs to my bedroom. 

I went over to my bedside table and lit a candle, then turned and he took me in his arms. His mouth felt so familiar and yet so new. His tongue teased my lips and then thrust into my mouth. I pulled him down on to the bed with me. I'm not sure how, but we had our clothes off and were lying together naked before I knew it. He stopped kissing me, lifted his head and looked at me. 

"I've changed a little in thirty years," I said reluctantly. 

"You're more beautiful than ever," he said as he smiled into my eyes, his hands roaming my body. 

My hands wandered down his back and found that sweet spot I had daydreamed about just a few hours ago. Ah, it felt so good. He felt so good. 

His mouth and hands found my nipples and he took me just to the edge before he raised his hips and pushed into me. I wrapped my legs around his waste and we moved together. I had missed the passion that this man gave me. We pushed and moved together until suddenly he rolled over and flipped me on top. 

"I want to look at you," he whispered.

I sat up and let him look as I moved slowly at first and then faster and faster. His hands found my breasts. My hands pushed against his chest as I pushed him in and out of me. I wanted to watch him while I drove him to ecstasy, but I couldn't keep my eyes from rolling back in my head. And then we were both coming at the same time and each was calling out the other's name. It sounded so good, my name on his lips. It felt so good, having him inside me. Our bodies gradually slowed until we stopped moving and I lay down on top of him, wanting to keep him inside me just a little longer. He caressed my back and I nuzzled his neck. Thirty years is a long time, but we had found each other once again, and finally all was right with the world.