 The phone rang. Dang, she'd just changed into her pyjamas! Cheryl answered "Hello?"

"Cheryl, I know you're not on call but we need you to come in to fix the analyzer. Victor can't. His wife says he's passing a kidney stone."

Poor Victor. He'd passed a kidney stone about four weeks prior and after being tested, had been told three more were present and would likely come out at some point. Usually she'd be upset with being called when it wasn't her turn to be on call but she'd take the call over passing a kidney stone any day.

"What's wrong with the analyzer?"

The shift foreman told her the error and sure enough, it wasn't something she could solve on the phone. Behind him she heard a voice call out.

"Hey Cher, if I had to come in here on a Saturday night, you have to come in too!"

"Who was that?"

"It's Steve, he's in because mill #4 is down."

"Dang, bad night, eh?"

"Yeah. So you're coming in?"

"I'll be there soon."

After they hung up, Cheryl hurriedly got out of her pyjamas and into jeans and a sweater. She grabbed her keys and headed out. On the way to the factory, she smiled as she remembered the texts she and Steve had exchanged just the night before.

Steve was a maintenance supervisor who'd been hired four years prior as a maintenance worker. In his first few years, Cheryl had associated his name with another face, someone she didn't like as much but once she'd gotten the two workers figured out and gotten to know Steve a little more, she liked him. Since he'd become a supervisor, they'd had more opportunities to talk and Cheryl had grown to really like him. It didn't hurt that he was easy on the eyes and had a cute tushy. And then, there was the affectionate side of Steve that she really liked. At first, it had surprised her that he was so touchy-feely but having been single for a while, she really enjoyed his touches, a side hug here, a hand on the shoulder there, things that nobody would question at work.

On the Friday, they had been in a training session and sitting next to each other. Cheryl had noticed a round object in his pocket and had written down a question in her notebook, asking what it was. She was really hoping that it wasn't a can of chewing tobacco. He grabbed her pen and wrote down "gum, want one?"

Cheryl had declined and had continued to doodle in her notebook while the training went on. Then, she noticed that Steve was sitting with his hands over his crotch and leaned over and whispered in his ear "I can't help but wonder why guys sit with their hands on their crotch... Is it that you're afraid the jewels are going to run away?"

He'd laughed and shaken his head and then whispered back "my hands are the only company they get lately".

Her first reaction had been a silent "What?" And it was quickly followed by "Heck, I'd keep them company any day!" But she couldn't really say that. Noticing that the teacher was not impressed with the whispering, Cheryl had written in her notebook "Let me know if I can help."

He'd smiled but then, the teacher was asking people to participate so the exchange stopped there. The course ended and they had gone in different directions, their respective offices being on different floors. The rest of the afternoon had been busy and it was once she was home that she noticed that he had texted her to wish her a good weekend. She answered and over the next half hour, they'd exchanged very flirty texts, almost making her late for dinner with a few of her girlfriends. The flirting had been to the point of hinting he'd like more than friendship so she'd been distracted all evening and teased about it but she'd kept the reason to herself.

When she got to the factory, Cheryl parked close to the door and went in. She got her tools from her office and went to the analyzer. She was greeted by the lab tech who was rather grumpy about his little routine being interrupted. She went into the adjacent control room and told the shift foreman that she had arrived. Then she went back to the lab and started taking the analyzer apart to fix the problem. Steve showed up and laughingly asked "Do you know how to use that?"

He pointed at the tool she was holding. She shook her head, laughing. "Typical male."

"You like me anyway."

"Do I now?"

"Too bad this is such a fishbowl."

"Why?"

"If we had any privacy, I'd show you how typically male I am and how much you like me."

"Would you now?"

Before Steve could answer, the shift foreman came to get him to go see the workers on the mill.

Within half an hour, she had the issue fixed but now, the analyzer had to warm up and stabilize. She went into the control room to inform the shift foreman of her progress. Steve was there and greeted her with a smile and a discreet wink.

"Hey Tom, I've got the analyzer going. Well, partially anyway. I'm going to take advantage of this to go up to the fourth floor and change the water filter and top up the tank on the water chiller."

Steve asked "Do you need any help?"

"I'd love that. The water bottle is rather heavy."

Steve followed Cheryl to the fourth floor, carrying the heavy bottle of water while Cheryl brought up the spare filter and a screwdriver. They got to the chiller and Cheryl turned the chiller off and then took the cover off. She then removed the inner cover and took out the screwdriver from her pocket to change the filter. While she worked, he asked "how come you never let your hair down at work? It's always in a braid or tied back. Even to come in here tonight, you tied it back."

"Early in my career, I would wear different styles but then there was this one production coordinator who wouldn't stop pulling on my hair or touching it. I started tying my hair close to my head so he couldn't reach it easily yet that didn't stop him. It took a while and some pretty drastic measures for him to finally stop doing that and by that time, I'd gotten used to having my hair tied back. Besides, it's safer for long hair to have it tied back close to the head."

"So you really don't you like people touching your hair?"

"Oh, I like it! Work just isn't the place for that kind of liking, that's all."

"What do you mean?"

"Do you need a drawing?"

As the meaning sank in, Cheryl finished changing the filter, added some water to the reservoir with his help and then and put the covers back on. Then, she asked "So? Did I use the screwdriver right?"

"Yes and it deserves a reward."

He reached for her and pulled her into a kiss. She promptly returned the kiss. He reached for her hair and softly played in it, making her moan. They kissed for a while and then he held her in a tight hug. She could feel his erection though their jeans. He was definitely male. But this wasn't the place for anything further to happen. He knew it too. He pulled away and said "How much longer do you need to be here?"

"About an hour. You?"

"Same. Come see me before you go home? I'll stay in my office when we're done here."

"I will."

They went back down and after he dropped off the water bottle in the storage cabinet where they'd taken it, he went to check on his workers. Cheryl went back to the lab and continued her work on the analyzer. After it was going, she helped the lab tech catch up on his samples and then got ready to go. She went into the control room and chatted with the shift foreman a bit. Mill #4 was back up and running so Steve was likely still in his office waiting for her. She bid the shift foreman and crew good night and headed down to the main floor.

She found Steve in his office, cleaning out papers and such from his desk. She teased him "Wow, that's not a luxury."

"Hey, my job is to be in the field supervising, not to shuffle papers. Besides, I have to make room for you on the desk."

He had this gleam in his eyes. Surely he didn't mean to take her here? He put another pile of paper aside and then came to her. He kissed her and then said "Don't worry, everybody else has gone home."

"Not the production crew!"

"They have no reason to come here and besides, I'll lock the door and thanks to Tony, the window is broken so it's patched up with a sheet of plywood. Nobody can see in here."

He locked the door, shut off the lights and could only see her from the glow of the hallway lights coming in through the little window above the door. He went to her, pulled her jacket off and set her bag on the floor next to the door. And he pulled her into another kiss, more insistent and passionate this time. And he played in her hair. She felt like she was melting. There was no way she could fight this. She wanted him as much as he seemed to be wanting her.

He interrupted the kiss just long enough to pull her sweater over her head and quickly remove his own sweater. He still had a t-shirt on so she pulled that up too and they had to interrupt their kissing once again. Soon, he had one hand in her hair which had come loose and another hand on her ribs, just below her breast. He was teasing her, knowing by her movements that she was eagerly anticipating him moving that hand up.

So she did the same to him, moving her hands to his hips, caressing his cute bum and coming close to his hardness but avoiding it. He knew it and he played the game a little longer but soon caved. He moved his hand up and caressed her breast and rubbed her nipple through the bra and soon got it to a hard peak. Meanwhile, Cheryl's hand moved over the hard lump in his pants and rubbed it gently. 

He let go of her lips and, as he was pushing down the straps of her bra, he kissed his way to her mounds, causing her to moan. Her hands went to his belt and though she tried, she couldn't quite get it so he helped her while his tongue teased her now exposed nipples. Once his pants were down, along with his underwear, she wrapped her hand around his hard cock. She pulled away from his grasp and squatted down to be at level with it. She rubbed her hand back and forth a few times and then took him into her mouth. That got him to exclaim "Oh God, Cher!"

She licked and sucked and played with his cock for a while, her other hand either caressing his bum or his balls. She could hear his breathing changing with what she was doing. It was clear he was trying to hold back. She slowed down and he then pulled her back up and kissed her passionately again.

It was his turn to go for her belt and jeans. He also needed help but once the jeans and undies were out of his way, he pushed her onto his desk and took off her boots and clothes. He pulled his chair and sat on it to have access to her core. He gently caressed her all around and teased her with little kisses. Then, he licked, and sucked and caressed her. He put his fingers inside her, making her moan even more. He pulled her clit into his mouth and flicked his tongue rapidly on it and she had a tiny orgasm, causing her to groan and tense up a bit. 

He stood up and plunged into her in one decisive, fluid movement. She gasped in surprise and he pulled out slightly but she stopped that by wrapping her legs around him and pulling him back in. He gently fucked her for a while, his hands playing with her nipples, driving her wild. Then, he said "Cher, I don't think I can hold on much longer. Tell me what you need."

"Don't hold back. Just do it. I want you so bad."

"But..."

"No buts, just take me. This is really good."

He plunged into her harder and deeper and soon, he was groaning his release. He stopped moving and stayed immobile for a moment, catching his breath. He pulled out and grabbed some tissues for her and for himself. Then, he sheepishly said "I have to ask you something..."

"Sure."

"Is there any chance you could get pregnant from this? I know I should have thought of that before but I was just so horny."

"No chance at all. I have an IUD. It's fine."

As they talked, they both got dressed.

"Another question?"

"You don't have to ask permission to ask questions, just ask!"

"Are you disappointed?"

"What? No! I really enjoyed this!"

"But you didn't come, did you? I came too fast. I'm sorry, it's just been such a long time for me."

She went to him, grabbed his face in her hands and kissed him. Then she said "Sweetness, I never ever come my first time with a guy. But this time, I actually had a mini orgasm when you were going down on me and that is extremely rare. Don't worry, eventually, I'll get there. You were great. My body is just a little slow to respond, that's all. Doesn't mean I didn't enjoy it, cause I sure did."

"So, you would do this again then?"

"Yeah, but maybe not here. I kind of like the comfort of a bed, you know..."

"Me too but this had been a long time fantasy of mine, to take you on a desk."

"Long time?"

"Yeah, now how about we head to your place and I'll tell you all about it?"

"Sounds good to me!"