 I was so tired, it took all my focus to stay awake. I don't know what made me think I could leave work late and still be okay drive to Vegas. A group of my best girl friends were meeting out in Sin City for Labor Day, but as I had just gotten a new job, I didn't feel right asking for Friday off. They were already there, and as I drove on the darkened highway, I wished I had bought a ticket and flown. Now, here I was, maybe two hours away from Vegas, out in the desert, by myself with no one to talk to, falling asleep! 

Yawning, I cranked up the radio and blinked a few times; it wasn't enough. I turned the AC up to high, trained the vents to hit me on various parts of my body. That seemed to work a little, but I caught myself starting to drift off about ten minutes later. 

Cursing, I brought my car back into its lane, grateful I was traveling late at night. No one was around me, which was perhaps my only saving grace. I was thinking I had gotten away with my little slip when I heard a siren and saw flashing lights in my rearview. Fuck me!

Putting on my blinker, I navigated to the side of the road. I sat there for a moment, frozen with fear. Did the cop see me swerve? I jumped in my seat when the officer knocked on my window. Slowly, I rolled the window down and looked up at him. Broad shoulders, chiseled face. Yummy.

"License and registration please." Good voice, too, and big hands. I stared at the fingers gripping his little notebook for a moment before responding to his request. Fumbling in my purse and glove box, I swore at myself again. I'm getting pulled over, and all I think of was the cop was hot? What the hell is wrong with me??

As I handed my license and registration card to him, I noticed his eyes narrow. Look calm, look awake, I chanted silently. Look innocent. But I was having trouble looking the police officer in the eye.

"Do you know why I pulled you over ma'am?" I shook my head a little, worried. The cop gestured back down the highway. "No? You swerved across two lanes, ma'am, and did it while speeding."

Crap. Two lanes? I grimaced as he glared down at me. That wasn't a little slip. No wonder he pulled me over.

"Have you been drinking..." he paused to look at my license, "Ms. Carter?" He stared at me intently, head cocked to the side to better see my face.

"N-no, officer." Great Lana, that was convincing. Even I heard the tremble in my voice. 

"Wait right here." He headed back to his vehicle, and I smacked my palm against my head. Stupid, stupid! Noticing for the first time that my stereo was still blasting, I turned it off then looked around. The policeman was in his car, checking everything. I fiddled with my purse, turned down the air, played with the hem of my skirt before he finally returned.

"Ms. Carter, are you sure you haven't been drinking?" His body was imposing, one hand resting on the roof of my car as he leaned down to hand my cards back to me.

"No, officer."

"Great, then you wouldn't mind stepping out of the car, would you?" I blinked in surprise and looked at him fully. His face was stony; he wasn't joking. 

"Um...no, sir." I unbuckled myself and got out of the car.

"If you'll move to this side, please." I followed him to the passenger side, the part furthest from the road. He had me do the standard drunk driving test; walking in a straight line, asking me questions. I must have convinced him of my sobriety, surely I did, as I performed them perfectly, but I was shocked as he instructed me to place my hands against my car.

"What?" 

"Please place your hands on the roof of your car," he repeated, all business. When I did so, he kicked my feet further apart and stepped close to me. "I'm going to pat you down, then take you into the station to do a breathalyzer test."

What?! No, no, no. I turned to face him directly, gazing up at his face.

"Officer, there's been a misunderstanding. I'm not drunk! I haven't had any alcohol at all! I'm driving to Vegas to meet some girl friends, I left work late, and I'm just tired. That's why I swerved a little. Just some exhaustion, you understand, right?"

"Ma'am, please turn around." This time he forcibly turned me. "This will go smoother if you just cooperate." 

I couldn't do anything, and fighting was obviously going to make this worse, so I faced my car quietly. At least he didn't put on the spotlight, and had turned off his headlights. This way, most of this humiliating experience would be blocked from the other cars that occasionally drove by.

I felt his hands on my shoulders, moving up my neck, under my long hair, over my scalp. They felt more like a caress than a grope, and I relaxed a little. They traveled back down to my shoulders, around my neck, down my arms. Slowly, ever so slowly, he moved his hands back up then across my chest, just grazing my nipples. 

I shivered a little; my nipples had gotten hard earlier when I had the air blowing on me, and had yet to soften. His touch sent warmth zipping down my body, down to my sex. This wasn't so bad.

I felt him hesitate a little, then press his hips against me. Ohmigod, he was hard! I felt it against my ass, which I realized was thrust outwards in what must have been an enticing pose. I jolted, but one hand spread out on my belly and held me still as he rubbed himself against me.

"Shhh. Calm down. I'm going to continue an on-sight investigation, and if I'm satisfied, I can let you go. Otherwise, if you resist, I'll handcuff you and take you down to the station." 

On-sight investigation? What was he talking about? Shouldn't this just be a traffic violation? I had never been pulled over before, so I was unsure of the procedure. I watched some cop shows on TV, and knew policemen drove with video cameras on their dash and did pat down people on the side of the road. But this wasn't the proper procedure for pulling someone over, right? 

I felt him shift, and he placed his handcuffs on my roof, directly in front of my face. It was a visual exclamation point to his statement, and I thought of my mini vacation. A jail cell in a town where I knew no one was not how I pictured my weekend going, so I stood still.

"Just relax," he whispered into my ear, laying his hat beside his cuffs. He started his 'pat down' again, his fingers stroking through my hair over and over. I loved it when people played with my hair, and sighed softly. I heard him laugh quietly, then kiss my neck, running his tongue along my ear. 

His hands once again moved across my chest, but unlike last time, they lingered on my breasts. Ever so lightly, he moved his palms over my hardened tips, back and forth, back and forth. No other part of his hands touched my breasts, and he took his time teasing me. I felt my pussy grow moist, and I couldn't deny that I wasn't enjoying this. 

"I saw these poking through this thin shirt of yours. They are begging to be touched." I groaned, my legs closing. I wanted to rub them together, rub my clit, but his feet stopped me. He adjusted my hips so they stuck out more, so they were cushioned against his own. "Uh uh, Ms. Carter. You are not to move from this position, do you hear me?"

One hand left my breast to slap heavily against my ass. I let out a yelp and bobbed my head up and down. He smacked my ass again.

"I asked you a question, ma'am. Do you understand?" He pushed my skirt up over my hips, then settled against me. I realized that during his pause earlier, he had either removed or pushed his pants down his legs, because his erection now rested freely between my legs.

"Y-yes, officer." I murmured. I could feel the heat from his cock through my silk panties; any earlier hesitation on my part was now gone. I wanted to feel him in me badly and I wasn't going to jeopardize my chance.

"Good." Both hands now moved back up to my tits. I was wearing a shirt that crisscrossed in the front, and he undid the ties, pushing my bra down. Massaging, lifting, stroking my breasts at his leisure, I felt his mouth travel all across my neck, suckling the skin there. He was thrusting in between my legs, his head occasionally brushing my clit. 

"I can already feel how wet you are. I can feel it through your panties." He moved down my body, his fingers running in my skirt's waistband, over my ass, down my legs. His hands gripped my ankles, moving them further apart, and I realized I could feel his breath on my pussy. The idea made me burn. I was so hot, my body so tense, waiting his next move. I wanted to feel his hands all over my body, wanted to feel him fuck me, that my mind was only focused on fucking. Every other thought fled my mind.

Slowly, I felt him kiss my mound, his tongue running over the wet spot on the crotch of my underwear. A fine tremor was moving through me, and he must have felt it, because he laughed.

"Now you're ready to obey, hm?" Casually, he spanked me again, then tugged my panties down my legs, stretching the material. Moving quickly, his mouth met my pussy, and he devoured me, lapping up the wetness, his hands alternately squeezing my ass and rubbing my clit. I felt his tongue dip in between my folds to find my clit. He reached around to continue fingering my clit as he licked deep into me. His free hand came up to slide a finger in my opening, pumping a few times before pulling out. 

I groaned, first because I wanted to feel something thrust into me, then because that wet finger began circling my asshole. I realized my eyes were closed, so I opened them, looking downwards, and was rewarded with the sight of his cock, so hard it was not only standing upwards, but almost pointing backwards to his belly. It wasn't overly long but it was thick and beautiful; just the thought of him plunging it into me, coupled with the sensations of his mouth and hands, had me cumming all over his face.

Standing swiftly, he gripped my hips and shoved himself into me. He slid in easily, my juices making it easy. He set a rapid pace and I pushed back to meet him. He gripped the back of my neck gruffly, twisting me so his mouth could settle on mine, his tongue parting my lips, his hands stroking the entire front of my body. They moved up to my breasts, twisting and pinching my nipples, before rubbing my clit.

"You will not speed any longer, will you, Ms. Carter?" He spoke against my mouth, fucking me harder. 

"No, officer," I managed to mumble, resting my head against his shoulder, his arms encircling me tightly as he leaned over me. One hand moved down to my pussy, first slapping my clit lightly, then rubbing it fully with his palm, over and over. I had not dared to lift my hands off my car; instead, they scrambled over the surface, looking for purchase, finally gripping one door handle and the roof. I shoved back at him again and again, till I felt myself spasm around his cock, this second orgasm more intense than the first.

I cried out as the orgasm rocked me, and I heard him grunt, moving in deeper than before, till he finally shot his cum into me. I felt his cock spurt again and again, and reveled in the wanton feelings. 

Gradually, both of our breathing returned to normal, our bodies settling. I felt his cock plop out of me, and heard him dress. Still shocked at the situation, I reached down to fix my bra and shirt. Reality was beginning to set in. I couldn't believe I had just fucked someone on the side of the road, out in the open. And that someone was a cop!! Feeling awkward, I kept my body turned towards the car, even as I felt him pull my panties back up and my skirt back down.

"I'm satisfied that you haven't been drinking tonight, so I won't bring you down to the station. However," he cleared his throat, "It really isn't safe to drive while you're tired. Do you need a place to sleep?"

Surprised, I looked up at him. A smile was curving up his lips, and he looked friendly, despite my initial fear and worry. My gut said trust him, so I nodded, and grinned back.

"That'd be great. But aren't you on duty?" His grin only got wider as he collected his cuffs and hat off my car.

"I'm off duty. Been off duty for about an hour now." He winked at me, and I realized he stopped me on his way home. That was why he left the spotlight off, and I was willing to bet the video camera on his dash was turned off as well. "Follow me."

I knew I should be horrified at the situation, that I should feel awful about what just happened. But instead, I found myself satisfied and interested, so, laughing, I got into my car to follow him down the highway.