 She spotted him across the room. It was only a quick glance but she knew he was there. When she looked back for a second time he was gone.

It was her first night out with her girlfriends since the baby had been born. Bubs had been left with her partner for the night with him knowing the possibility of her coming home to him was extremely low.

As the night wore on she continually felt a heated gaze drifting over her body and was getting excited to know who it came from.

Him -- they hadn't seen each other in over a year, in which time he had married. It was strange that she find him in this night club, on his own and watching her from a distance.

It was no surprise that the distance was kept, because tonight of all nights was her night out with the girls. They didn't like him much, not after last time, when the fighting got bitter and twisted and they were left to deal with the aftermath of what had happened. If the girls had their way, he would never have gotten as close as she could feel him right now.

It was on a trip back from the toilet that he made his move, slipping quietly from the shadows into her pathway. He stood there, towering over her with his 6 foot something frame, eyes taking in all of her womanly form gazing back up at him. Slowly he started taking steps towards her, gently forcing her backwards into a dark corner where very little could be seen.

Without words or hesitation, she wrapped her arms around his neck, pulling his face down to meet hers in a passionate longing kiss. His lips were just as she remembered them, fitting perfectly with hers. He pulled her closer, moulding her with his hands to fit against him seamlessly. With every second of the kiss the heat between them grew, the heat that always grew between them whenever they were this close. She felt his hardness against her and as his hands slide down her body, reaching the hem of her skirt, where he traced it against her leg softly, she moaned into his mouth, causing the hardness against her to grow even more.

She kissed him harder as she felt his hand move up and under the hem of her skirt to her arse, which he cupped pulling her up even closer to his body. Now on tip toes, the heat between them was extreme. It was only then he pulled away and disappeared into the crowd leaving her standing there with a shocked expression on her face and a note in her hand.

Her heart skipped a beat as she opened the crumpled piece of paper in her hand, reading slowly

"Take your time and enjoy the night with your girlfriends -- when you are ready to leave, I will be waiting outside for you"

She blushed as she composed herself enough to return to her group of friends, knowing it would be hard to pretend around them that this event had not occurred.

The rest of her time at the club was a blur. She danced and laughed with her friends, knowing he was waiting, waiting for her, waiting to feel her naked against his hot body, waiting for the delights she knew were to come once they were alone together again.

When the time was right she said goodnight to the girls, fawning a slight headache and a need for sleep. Making a quick stop in the ladies room to make sure everything was in place, she headed for the exit to the club where she found him sitting waiting for her, just as he said he would be.

Again without words he took her hand and guided her towards his car. Opening the door for her, she felt his hand on the small of her back as she slide into the open passenger side. The car was new, which surprised her because she knew how much he loved his old beast. She was however not surprised that his new one way surpassed the look and capabilities of his old one.

The nerves of the moment kicked in as he started the engine and headed for the car park exit, making everything that was happening real. She refused however to question this, knowing if she did, she could ruin the rest of the night for herself.

They drove in silence, every so often glancing at each other or stealing a quick touch on either a leg or arm. There was no need for words, just the simple presence of each other was all that was needed.

The hotel he had chosen was not far, but it seemed to her like an eternity had passed. It was familiar to both of them as they had graced its address on a number of occasions when they were together. It was however amusing to her when they bypassed the check-in desk that he already had a room organised, is if he had known this would happen.

She resisted the urge on the ride in the elevator to take him right there and then. The urge to touch him and to feel him was hard to overcome.

She watched silently as he unlocked the door, seeing the slight tremble in his hand as he ran the card through the automated lock. Smiling to herself, she followed him into the dark room, kicking off her shoes and dropping her handbag on the nearest table.

While she had her back turned, he came up behind her, wrapping his hands around her ample breasts and kissing her gently on the spot of her neck he knew she would respond to. Her nipples hardened at the whisper of breathe on her neck as he breathed in the familiar scent of her vanilla body wash.

In one swift move, he spun her around in his arms, picked her up and pressed her against the nearest wall, making it apparent he could not control himself any longer. She gave in and wrapped her arms around his neck and her legs around his waist. The weight of his body pressed against hers left his hands free to wander over her body, making their way from her arse to her breasts and then to her face, where he looked deep into her eyes, reading the look of wanting and needing she was clearly showing him.

The kiss that followed was full of passion and lust and she felt the stirring of his groin against hers, making her feel the glorious wetness of her own loins she knew he enjoyed.

He lowered her to the floor and before she had time to think, they swiftly removed each others clothing until they were both completely naked. Not wanting to wait any longer, she placed her hands on his strong chest and pushed him forcefully backwards until he was backed up against the still fully made bed where she pushed him with enough force for him to fall backwards. She straddled him, not quite allowing him access to the place she knew he wanted to be and with her gentlest touch, started kissing his neck making her way down his body to the package the awaited her eager mouth.

She took him in her hands and with long gentle strokes she caressed him, making him relax back into the bed and moan. Just to tease she darted her tongue out touching the tip of him. She then looked up at him and seeing him there with his eyes closed she took him as far as she could into her mouth and started to work the magic he had missed since they were last together. He noticed that although she was as good as he remembered, she had also learnt a few new tricks which caused him to moan louder.

She could feel him getting close and pulled away, not wanting the pleasure to be over so soon. She heard him groan with disappointment and smiled to herself because she knew he had appreciated the attention he had been getting.

As she lent back, he sat up and grabbed her by the arm, pulling her onto the bed next to him. With a squeal of delight, she giggled as he rolled over onto her, pinning her beneath him. He had decided that in response to her efforts, he would tease her for just a little longer, building the anticipation of what they both knew was coming. 

He kissed her yet again and let his hands wander down to the sweetness between her legs, glad to see that she was already wet and willing. As he found his target, she moaned and slightly arched her back against his body. He continued with working his fingers while he moved his kisses and directed them to her nipples, where he took one then another into his mouth, alternating between sucking on them and lashing them with his tongue. Her breathing got heavier and her moaning got sweeter and as he knew she was getting close he entered her with his finger, causing her to cross over into the sweet surrender of her lust.

As she was coming down from her high, she took his face in her hands, looked deep into his eyes and smiled sweetly before gently sighing and kissing him. She felt him move in between her legs and lifted herself slightly to allow him the access he had so desperately wanted since he spotted her earlier in the night. As their kiss deepened, she felt his tip at her opening for a moment before he plunged himself deep into her warm wetness. Gasping with sheer pleasure at the feeling of him filling her, she wrapped her legs around him and met his every thrust.

His thrusting became harder and deeper and she could feel the inner core of her soul start to fire which signalled the pure and utter pleasure that was very soon to follow. She felt him explode deep within her, heard him growl deep from within himself and she exploded around him, clenching him within her so hard he was unable to move, taking her turn to growl just as deeply as he did.

It was only then their first words for the night were uttered to each other.

"Hey" he muttered

"Hey to you too" she muttered back trying to control a slight giggle

Basking in the glow of what had just happened between, he curled up behind her, taking her in his arms, holding her close to him and feeling the warmth she emitted from her whole body and together they fell asleep, content.

She awoke the next morning with a gentle stir only to find herself alone. She briefly wondered if the previous night had happened, but the scent of him was still lingering in the air along with a mixture of the hot breakfast on the table he had made sure was there for her when she awoke and the steam of a recently had shower.

Rising from the bed, she pulled on the robe he had placed on the chair closest to her and made her way to the awaiting food. On the tray was a folded piece of paper with her name written across the front.

Opening it she saw two words, simple and plain

"Thank you"

It was then that she knew that it would never happen again.