 She was waiting for me at the Cruise Ship Terminal, our usual rendezvous, leaning against the rail and peering out over the harbor. A tiny Asian woman, Sue was always smartly dressed and on this occasion wore a sheer blouse, lace trim bra, and a skirt tight at the hips and flared at the knees. High heels set off her bare legs nicely. The thought or sight of her always filled me with desire.

We were in our mid to late fifties when we first met online and as an unlikely a pairing as one could imagine. We both had families down to the grandkids and neither of us had physically strayed from our marriage vows. We had been raised with almost Victorian values. The permissiveness of today's world brought to us via the Internet suggested that we had missed something in our sex lives. We met on one of the many chat sites that evolved during the early 2000's.

Sue was of Chinese ancestry with an Indonesian upbringing. She had arrived in this country following her marriage and the birth of her children. She was cautious during our first online meetings, and I had difficulty imagining that anything mildly erotic would develop between us. But I was to discover that I was not her first online lover, and in fact she had been exploring that particular site for several years.

Neither of us was seeking a physical affair. In fact she made it quite clear that while online erotic exchanges excited her, she had no desire to meet for sex. I was of the same mind, and was just looking for some pleasure in the form of hot chat.

However, once one enters this online world and your mind is freed from normal controls, sexual fantasy can take over your very being. Our exchanges became more and more erotic as our relationship evolved. She was too nervous to use video but did begin to provide me with increasingly erotic photos of her breasts, body and ultimately her pussy. I provided her with many different views of my cock, all of which seemed to arouse her.

We explored areas that included activities one or the other of us had not experienced before, although I had probably lived out more than she. She was curious about oral sex; particularly fellatio and it soon became a regular part of our foreplay. I was curious about anal sex, but she was reluctant to explore that activity. Euphemisms like "Lil Bro" and "P" soon became "cock" and "pussy", and then I discovered that telling her that I would "fuck" her aroused her to a much higher degree than "make love" to her.

We fantasized about where we would meet in secret; a remote cabin in the bush, on board a cruise ship in the Mediterranean, in a motor home, in the bathroom of a restaurant. We became very practiced and the scenes very real.

Susan was the first to suggest that we meet in person. Just for coffee you understand, no fooling around or touching. This negotiation lasted some time before we finally made our first meeting downtown in the heart of the city, where Susan commuted daily to work in a lingerie store.

The first meeting was awkward, although she was much more relaxed than I. How does one discuss banal subjects while sitting across the table from a woman who I had "fucked hard" the night before online. The meeting did nothing to dampen the raw emotion that we felt during our nightly exchanges, and in fact provided more food for our imaginations. We met for coffee several more times. Stolen touches and rubs worked their way into our meetings and our first kiss came one breezy day when we were virtually alone at the Cruise Ship Terminal, which had become our preferred point of rendezvous.

I reserved a suite at a high-end hotel overlooking the Cruise Ship Terminal and asked her to join me for lunch. I did not tell her that lunch would be served in my room until we met. She was reluctant to accompany me to the suite and I had to assure her that nothing would happen that she did not want to happen before she would enter the elevator with me. I was aching to fuck her, but really only expected to be able to kiss and fondle her a bit. 

We were more relaxed after sipping some wine with lunch and stood side by side at a window overlooking the harbor. She turned suddenly towards me and reaching her arms around my neck surrendered for a long tongue-lashing kiss. Within minutes I had stripped her naked and was fumbling with my own clothes. 

She dropped to her knees beside the sofa, presenting her bare ass and pussy as she bent her upper body over the cushions. Doggy would not have been my first choice but I did not argue or hesitate to take advantage of the glorious invitation, hunching over her back like a big hound. I will remember forever that first entry as my cock worked its way into her pussy. Just writing that made it ache.

She was the first to get off and that allowed me to fuck with abandon and without my normal fear of quick ejaculation. We remained joined together for minutes after, with me collapsed over her back. There had been no words spoken since our kiss, and all that she said now as we caught our breath was, "You're very big Jim." I had never thought of myself as being "big" but did feel a surge of ridiculous pride that she thought so. 

I was expecting remorse in some form, maybe an accusation of being tricked, or a wish that it had not happened or something negative at least. But as she raised herself up onto the sofa, turning to her back and pulling me up over her she was smiling. "That was not supposed to happen," she said, "but it was wonderful." She had claimed previously that she had never had sex with anyone but her husband who she had married at a very young age.

Our first physical encounter had not been very elegant or very erotic, but it was satisfying to both of us. I was ready for more afternoon meetings but while we resumed our passionate online affair, she would only agree to join me every few months. I was pretty much locked and loaded at all times, but it appeared that she had to build herself up with our online fantasies. 

But life was good, and she was probably very wise to control our physical meetings as we both had other lives to live. While we expressed terms of love and affection during all of our trysts there was no suggestion of a life together forever; it was all completely concerned with sex. 

Most of our times together were of short duration lasting from 60 to 90 minutes. Occasionally she could get someone to cover for her at the shop and we might make it to 5 pm when she had to catch her bus home. Our sexual activities evolved to replicate our online fantasies, not always successfully but we accepted any disasters with humor. 

Oral sex became a standard part of our live foreplay and she was always desperate to go down on me. She liked me to pull out of her pussy and come on her tits and mouth. She continued to be squeamish about me licking her, but she did come to enjoy a little tongue during foreplay before pulling me off. We tried an awkward version of '69' but it was only good for some laughs afterward.

This scenario continued for several years. Almost continuous online meetings interspersed with quarterly encounters in the hotel. The physical meetings fired up our online ones, and vice versa. Thoughts of being naked with her filled my mind constantly. Susan seemed to have the same passion and always cast the deciding vote when it came time for a real.

I was content; it was as if I had two separate lives, my regular full life at home, and this separate passion filled life with Susan. I have read that males are able to compartmentalize their lives more easily than women. Sue did have more trouble with it than I.

And then we hit a dry spell. It began with me leaving the country on a long vacation. I suspect that we both felt relieved to escape the demanding obsession of our nightly online affair. There were times that I was going online simply because I thought that I had to, and I am sure that Sue encountered the same situation. It seemed on occasion that we were only going through the motions and some online meetings no longer contained real passion. They became less frequent on my return, filled with excuses from both sides for sickness, family problems, visitors and so on. We did not meet physically during that entire period.

I believe that we both sensed that it was time to move on from each other and agreed to meet for what we both expected to be a final afternoon together, although the agreement was implied more than stated. I reserved the hotel suite without telling Sue, not wanting her to feel pressured to have sex, while hoping against hope that she would choose to spend some time with me.

And so here I was, and there she stood. She looked so beautiful and tenderly appealing. I had always had a thing about the femininity of Asian women. She was tiny but full figured; I could almost get off just thinking about her bare legs and beautiful round little butt. Her eyes were so expressive and could change from humor to pleasure to intense desire in seconds. I loved being on her and in her, looking into those orbs as I ran my cock in and out of her tight tunnel. I could sense to the second that moment when she wanted to get off by the look in her eyes. 

Her orgasms could be spectacular as she slammed her heels into the back of my thighs while digging her fingernails into my ass, and all combined with her shouts and moans as she left this world in the "little death".

She turned her head towards me as I sidled up beside her, glancing over my shoulder before offering her lips for a soft kiss. She murmured, "Hello my love, so nice to see you again." We did not attempt to discuss the past few months and the apparent lessening of our mutual desire. We slipped into that world where nothing else existed but the two of us.

We were silent for a few moments, eyes locked, and basking in the return of that exquisite soft feeling that had been our trademark for years. She was sideways to me, leaning ahead on the railing as I slipped one hand along the small of her back, every vibe in my body wanting to slide it down to cup her ass cheek. She sensed it as well, and smiled, "Careful lover, we're not alone here, or haven't you noticed."

I bowed my body forward to rub my erection on her hip. She never moved, returning the pressure as I whispered, "I better get you off the street then." She peered upward over my shoulders to 'our' hotel and looked back at me, her eyes expressing a soft question. I nodded, "How long do you have."

"Until my bus at 5:00," she whispered, "maybe 6:00."

I pulled her closer, slowly rubbing my cock up and down on her hip, my glance falling to her breasts and then back to her sultry eyes, "We better hurry then, we have lots to do."

We scurried on our way with me clutching a briefcase to give the impression that all was strictly business. We walked separately while every nerve in our bodies demanded we rub together. I dropped the briefcase to the floor as I pinned her up against the closed door of our suite. My hands dove down behind her and slipped up under her skirt, along that soft velvet skin to her ass. Her arms went around my neck as our open mouths met in a desperate demanding kiss. We stood there like that for minutes, not able to get enough of each other but not breaking to stop and regroup.

"Slow down sailor, been at sea for long?" she said as she pulled back from me, her eyes both serious and smiling. She rubbed herself up and down against my hard cock, the head of which was trapped up under my belt. "Let's take our time."

"I want it all today lover," I murmured, "I want everything in every way." 

"You can have it, I am yours, anything you want, or I want," she said, and then with a smile, "Almost anyway."

"Damn, no bum fuck then?" I groaned. But I didn't really care; my requests for anal sex had always been in the form of a tease. Well, sort of a tease.

We moved away from the door, still clutching each other, kissing and feeling as I unhooked the clasps on the waistband of her skirt, dropping it in a pool around her feet. I moved her in front of a full-length mirror and she watched as my fumbling fingers struggled to release the thousand tiny buttons on the blouse. She loved watching me undress her and I loved doing it. 

I turned her away from me to face the mirror as I unhooked the front hooks on her bra and allowed her beautiful tits to tumble out. They are not large tits, but appear big in relation to her tiny body. Her nipples were like little fingers, bulging straight out and pointing at the mirror. Our eyes met over her shoulders as I slipped my hands under her arms and clasped both tits, the nipples jutting out between my finger and thumb. She is so beautiful and to my mind is more beautiful naked than dressed. 

We ground together, she pressing her butt back against my hard cock as I massaged and squeezed her tits and nipples. She was down to panties and heels and she murmured, "I must look like a hooker in my high heels, but I love the way you look at me naked." 

I slipped my hand down her belly and worked in under the band of her panties and walked my fingertips down her mound, teasing and parting her little bush hairs as I rubbed her prominent mound. I gave her room to spread a bit and then pushed two fingers between her legs and alongside her slit, rubbing and teasing the soft skin without touching the lips. "Jim, please, touch it, it's burning for you."

I moved my middle finger to rest along the length of her slippery slit and rubbed gently. I looked at her in the mirror, her eyes were shut and she was biting her lip as she waited for me to hook the finger into her hole. She cried out as I pushed it into her, finger fucking her until my entire finger was buried before sliding the second finger in alongside of the first. I could feel her knees weakening as I moved them in and out, trapping the nub of her clit between my slippery fingers. She was soon in rhythm, moving her hips back and forth as I stroked her.

The mirror image remains like a photo in my mind, my naked lover draped over my arms, my one hand between her legs, the other grasping a full tit and my head visible over her shoulder as she turned to seek my lips. 

She twisted around to face me, pushing me back as my fingers slipped out of her pussy. She ripped at the buttons on my shirt, releasing my belt and unzipping my fly. She forced her hands inside of my boxer shorts and pushed everything down to the floor. We stood sideways to the mirror as she pressed into my arms, rubbing her tits on my chest, her arms around my back and raising her face for a deep-tongued kiss.

"My turn," she smiled, her teeth bared like a rabid dog, she slipped her hand between us and closed her soft fingers around my balls, rubbing her wrist and forearm up and down on my cock. How this lady could change from a shy timid woman to a horny demanding slut in seconds amazes me to this day. 

She kissed her way down my chest and belly as she lowered down to her knees. Holding my cock like an ice cream cone, she ran her tongue around my knob while peering upwards at me. She said that she loved to see the sweet agony on my face as she pleasured me with her mouth and tongue. She took it deep, held it for a few seconds before pulling slowly back off of it, once again checking my reaction with crazy teasing eyes. She scraped her teeth along the tender skin of my knob, as if threatening to bite.

I held her head and fucked her mouth a bit, and then pulled her upright along my body. I lifted her and lay her crosswise on the bed, her feet on the floor as I spread her legs.

While she appeared to love going down on me, she was not as comfortable about my tongue in her pussy. I enjoy bringing a woman to the edge before fucking her. And I did so now, dropping down between her spread legs to my knees, shifting her legs over my shoulders and kissing my sway from her knees to her pussy along that 'oh so silky' skin of her inner thighs.

I breathed on the slit, rubbed it with my nose to bare it and part the lips. Susan stiffened, anticipating my lips or tongue and then relaxed as I ran my tongue from the bottom of her slit to the top, pressing my tongue down flat on her clit in passing. She grasped my head and pulled her pussy against my mouth as I sought to penetrate her with a rolled tongue. 

"No more, no more, you will bring my juices," she cried, as I kissed my way up her body again, finding and sucking hard on her nipples. Her breathing slowed again, enjoying the nipple play until that point that her focus returned to her pussy and my cock. She rubbed her pussy against my stomach, urging me higher so that she could capture my cock between her legs. 

Susan enjoys foreplay up to a point but then suddenly becomes desperate to have my cock in her. And once it was in her, she was ready to go for orgasm. I preferred to play and tease until that point where orgasm became inevitable. I loved to pull it out, tease her clit with my knob, rub my cock between her tits before sliding it back into her. These different preferences led to more intensity and pleasure for both of us.

I rose slowly, partially hunched over her, lifting her legs to my hips while allowing my cock to rub her thighs, belly and pussy. Susan reached down and grabbed my cock to rub against her hot wet cunt. I held back, not allowing penetration, enjoying the feel of her greasy pussy lips trying to capture and swallow my cock.

"You're my slut baby, so horny, wanting me in you. Do you want it Susan? Do you want my hard cock inside of you?" I popped the knob of my cock into her and she clasped her pussy lips tight around the head as if never wanting to release it.

"Tell me baby, is this what you want? You have to tell me." I loved teasing her. She was seldom vocal while we fucked, usually just emitting soft moans and grunts, and I loved to hear her beg for it. Despite the almost unbearable need to fuck her now, I held back, simply circling my knob around inside of her, while she desperately dug her heels into the back of my legs trying to pull me into her. As usual, I won the battle of wills at this point.

"Yes, yes, I'm yours, I'm your slut, please Jim, please." A pause and then those words that always put me over the edge when I am in a woman, "Fuck me hard."

The result is always the same no matter who the woman is at the time, but I admit to feeling a more powerful reaction when the words come from the lips of a normally shy and timid woman like Sue. I virtually plowed my way into her, driving it deep and fast, pushing her back on the bed with each stroke until we were fully on it. She opened wider, her legs reaching upwards over my back as I crawled higher up until I was driving my cock straight down into her. We didn't stop until my first belt of cum set her off as well.

What Sue cuts out of 'foreplay', she more than replaces during 'after-play'. She wanted me to stay in her, her legs locking me in place, her arms and hands stroking and caressing me, while her lips and tongue were busy wherever she could kiss or lick. Even after her pulsing pussy squeezed out my limp shaft, she pressed against me, willing it to get hard again.

I rolled off of her, but she stayed motionless and spread eagled on her back. I returned to her tits, nuzzling and licking, rubbing my face in them while floating a hand over her body, caressing her bare legs, up the inner thigh and then plundering her pussy with two or three fingers. Her crotch area was sticky and gummy. I clutched her entire pussy, pressed the heel of my hand down hard on her mound and fingered her crazily. She loved it. 

This is the point where the 'after-play' may become 'foreplay' once more. I have never quite figured out what the trigger is with her. I am usually still limp, but she will either roll out of bed to clean up in the bathroom, or roll to her side facing me and lift one leg up over my hip, spreading and exposing her pussy. I have come to learn that this means 'game on'.
