 On the 10th of April of 1991, Nick took Theresa Ann Black, Nicks his very pregnant wife to the Hospital where she delivered Julianna Lynn Black -- a healthy pink newborn baby girl. Two days later, the couple brought their little baby home to their apartment for the first time.

As you can guess, nobody in the household got a lot of uninterrupted sleep over the next 3 months.

Two months after arriving home, Nick was scheduled to take the promotion examination for SSgt called the WAPS test, Weighted Airman's Promotion System. He just barely had the 3 years time in Service qualifying him to test. Fortunately for him, the year before the Chief, his father-in-law, clued him in on how to study for the PFE, the Professional Fitness Exam. He filled out an order slip for a PFE study guide from the Air Force Times and sent it in to a company who advertise in the weekly magazine. Using the guide to tell him how well he was studying instead of relying on guide for answers to questions was the secret to success according to the Chief.

In addition to the hint on how to study for the PFE test, the entire time Nick was in the UAE during the war MSgt Goldman coached him on things he needed to know for the SKT, Specialty Knowledge Test. He told Nick that you don't study for your job; you study for your boss's job. By the time Nick got home, he knew more about the regulations than any other Senior Airman around.

In August, Nick received a call from the Orderly Room, that's where the Squadron Commander, the Squadron Adjutant, and the First Sergeant 'lived'. They told him that he had an appointment in 1 hour to see the Squadron Commander, Lt Col Ransom. Nick wondered if he had screwed up something, this was the first time he had been given a formal summons to report to the Commander. So, he told his coworkers he needed to head over to the 421st Squadron (where he was assigned) to see his Commander.

When he arrived, he had to sit outside the Commander's office for about 10 minutes and he was sweating bullets. He had no idea what he had been called in for. Just before he was called in to report, Major Kleinhaven showed up and was escorted directly into the Commander's office. Nick figured that the major was having another one of his hissy fits and planned on getting him in trouble for it. 

Nick walked into the office and stood 3' in front of the Commander's desk. He popped the prescribed salute and spouted out, "Airman Black reporting as ordered, sir!" Lt Col Ransom saluted back and immediately responded, "At ease, airman." In this situation, one always assumed the position of parade rest instead of the commanded at ease. The Colonel smiled at him and said, "No, I really meant at ease, Nick" With the colonel using his first name Nick knew that was a good sign. If he was up for an ass chewing, it would have been 'Airman Black' all the way.

The Commander had one of those print-outs in his hand, the green and white computer paper they printed everything out on in the personnel office. With Major Kleinhaven present he finally had a pretty good idea what was happening. The Colonel handed him the sheet of paper and asked him if he had any idea what it was about.

Nick took the print-out from him and read the first line. It said, "Senior Airman Nicholas M. Black, 235-88-9225, 421st Fighter Squadron, Hill AFB, Utah, has been selected for promotion to the rank of Staff Sergeant. Airman Black, upon verification of eligibility, will be assigned the line number of 11293..." Nick was ecstatic! He was being notified that he was being promoted to Staff Sergeant. He let out a loud, very unprofessional, WOO WHO! Both the Colonel and Major shook his hand while smiling, congratulating him on his promotion.

With such a large line number, a sequence number determining who got promoted when, it was going take him almost a full year before he actually got to sew on the stripes. After he was dismissed he read the message in detail. It seemed he got an unheard of score of 86 on his PFE, and a 76 on the SKT, he was had the number 1 score that ranked him within his career field. He knew the average scores were high 50s. He had full points for EPRs, Enlisted Performance Reports, so the only detractor he had was the low time in grade and time in service points.

When he got back to the Flight Surgeon's Office, he made the announcement to all his coworkers and received a lot of congratulations. MSgt Goldman smiled and said, "Hey Nick, I knew you could do it! Way to go, bud!" Then Goldman pulled out his own green sheet and announced that he had received orders. Meaning he was being transferred. It seemed the Air Force needed him to move his family and himself to Fairchild AFB, 12 miles outside of Spokane, Washington. Nick was sad to hear the MSgt would be leaving. He really owed the man a lot.

Sergeant Goldman cautioned him, "When you put on your stripes, you can expect a transfer too, either you or Sergeant Alderman. They don't need two SSgts in the same SME. That was a wakeup call for Nick. People in the Air Force moved, a lot. Of course after 3 years at Hill, he was ready to move on anyway. He just hoped Terri would be up for it.

With SSgt Alderman's permission, he headed home early to break the news of his promotion to Theresa.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

MSgt Goldman wasn't the only one with a transfer; the Chief received orders also, the chief and the rest of his family would be moving to Mc Dill, AFB, in Tampa Florida. This was close to where he was going to retire. He was originally from Florida, and he owned 20 acres of land down there. He had pulled in some favors and landed the assignment. He would reach his 30 year maximum time in service and be forced to retire in a little over 3 more years.

The 'rest of his family' was getting to be a smaller and smaller list. Garrett, Terri's little brother who graduated that spring and was 18, left for Lackland AFB, San Antonio, Texas, for basic training. He had a guaranteed job to become a Cryptographer once he graduated from his technical school. He had been really excited to follow in his father's footprints.

Samantha, Theresa's little sister, had turned 16 the previous November and was going to be a junior in the fall. She was quite upset with the Chief's orders, the kids had been moving all their life and Hill was the first time they put down any roots. The Chief had been stationed at Hill for a nearly unprecedented 5 years; that was a third of Samantha's life and considering the third she couldn't remember, it was more like half. 

The Chief was to report to Mc Dill in December, so he had a good 5 months before the actual move. 

Sammy pleaded with first Terri and Nick to stay with them at Hill. When they told her that she would be welcome to stay with the couple and their baby, she went home to try to wheedle her way into staying by convincing the Chief and his wife Julie that it was in her best interest. She quickly got the answer, 'NO!' 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Terri had been working out religiously to tighten up her 'baby' belly. Nick really appreciated that she went to the effort to keeping herself looking nice and trim. He would have told you in secret that it really helped out in the bedroom. Terri and he had to abstain from sexual intercourse for a month and a half after she delivered Julianna, but after that they resumed a vigorous sex life. There was rarely a day went by that they didn't end up in the sack fucking at least once.

They started getting more adventurous too with their sex play, one of the most unusual was when Nick snuck her into the clinic after hours and he put her in stirrups on an examination table. 

Nick gave her a paper gown and had her strip naked. Terri put on the flimsy thing with instructions to climb onto an examination table in the doctor's offices they picked. Stripping naked in the afterhours doctor's office was turning her on. She could feel her pussy start to moisten up as she got more and more aroused. Nick stepped out of the room while she undressed, just like she was a real patient. She liked the fantasy when he explained to her what he wanted to do and she was going right along with it.

When Nick reentered the room, Theresa was laid out on her back on the examination table with her head and shoulders propped up about 20 degrees. The gown was opaque, but Nick could tell she was completely naked underneath. Terri didn't have it tied up in the back per instruction, so she had about an inch of skin visible all along the table from her shoulders past her shapely butt. The gown only went down about 8 inches lower than the bottom of her butt, so she kept her legs close together, keeping her modesty and going along with the whole fantasy. What Terri would have been 'enduring' providing it would have been a real pelvic exam was driving up her passion in this pretend version. Nick came in and draped her just like a female patient would have been covered using draping techniques. Only in real life the technician prepping her would have been a female. While covering her, Terri's breasts and vagina were never exposed to view. 

Nick wanted it to be as authentic as possible making it seem like it was a real exam. Acting as the medical assistant who was prepping her, he covered her with a sheet and had her pull the top of the paper gown down under her breasts, so when the sheet was pulled back her boobs would be completely assessable. Then he took a towel and draped it over her naked pussy, but he did it under the sheet so she was never exposed. With the towel in place, he finally helped her get her naked legs up in the stirrups, which pulled her legs up and out opening her up like a flower under the towel. Finally he draped her legs with two smaller sheets over each leg once she was in position. She was ready for the doctor to come in and do his job.

Nick exited the room, leaving Terri alone in the room temporarily. She laid their spread, exposed, and ready to let Nick do whatever his devious mind could come up with. She was now absolutely wet in anticipation. She never knew the stirrups could be so fun.

Nick once out of the room, put on a lab coat and came back into the room in the role of the doctor. He started by doing a breast examination. Like a doctor with a good bed side manner, he told her what he was going to do and that it required that he expose her breasts. Terri just giggled. 

Once he had the sheet pulled back, he could see her lovely titties. Her light pink areole were all scrunched up and her nipples were on high beam. At first he grabbed one and then the other, and started examining her for lumps, bumps, and abnormalities. Then he took his hands and reached up under the gown and palpated her abdomen, checking for masses or abnormalities. 

Then, deviating from role, bent over and started sucking some extremely hard nipples. Terri was still nursing, so Nick got a lot more than he had bargained for while suckling. After the first mouthful, he could assure you that 'mothers' milk tastes nothing like cow's milk.

Several minutes later, pulling the sheet back over her total loved boobs, he moved down between her legs pulling up the doctor's stool to sit on. He sat on the stool just like one of the doctors would have done performing a pelvic examination. He went through the whole examination process, a digital examination her pussy, he slipped two fingers inside her vaginal opening and up into her hole until his fingers were all the way inside her. He felt her vaginal wall using a 360 degree rotation. Then he held his fingers up against her cervix and pressed down on her lower tummy, feeling for masses in her uterus.

Theresa, feeling him insert his finger up inside her pussy started to feel really randy. She started to tremble and feel her delight build as he moved his fingers around inside her. Then Nick ran his fingers up and around her cervix and she almost came right then and there. She was amazed on how hot she was getting playing patient. She hadn't played doctor since she was 11.

Then Nick did something totally unexpected. He took and put an examination glove on and then doped up a finger with KY jelly. Then he started rubbing Terri's clit with is the fingers on his gloveless hand to keep her ardor up. This was bringing Terri closer and closer to an orgasm. Then Nick took the gloved hand and pushed his index finger through her anus and up inside her rectum. Just like he had done with her pussy, he did a 360 degree palpitation of the wall of her bowel. Terry could feel the sparks start to radiate from her vagina out through her body. She was really close. It was the sexiest female examination that Terri had ever experienced, and the funny thing was other than the clitoral stimulation and the nipple sucking, Nick was doing it just like the doctor would have.

After totally checking out her rectum. He retracted his finger and peeled the glove off and tossed it in the garbage. Next, he took the plastic speculum and coated it well with KY jelly, not that Terri needed it since she was so wet. He slipped it up inside her vagina. Once he had it inserted up inside her, he opened it up and locked it in place, he actually got down with a penlight and checked out how she looked up inside her vagina canal. From a medic's point of view, it was pretty fascinating. He actually got to see what her cervix looked like. Again, he continued to gently rub her clit during the whole thing. She moaned and trembled in response to his ministrations.

Once he was done playing doctor, Nick wiped Terri's pussy down with a towel. She was feeling on the edge, all the playing around in her pussy and Nick rubbing her clit was driving her wild. Then Nick proceeded to do the 'unprofessional' part of the exam. He moved his mouth to her pussy while sitting on the doctor's stool between her legs and he moved his mouth onto her pussy. In addition to the KY jelly up inside her vagina, she was generating copious secretions from being so very aroused. Terri gasped when she felt his lips start to kiss her pussy, she knew the second he got onto her clitoris that she was going to cum and cum hard.

Nick sucked the building juices off her lips and from around her opening. Then he started to lick and suck on her lovely labia. Her fluffy pinkness was driving him nuts and his sucking on them drove Terri bananas. He really liked to eat pussy and Terri's was the best. As he moved his mouth closer and closer to her swollen love button he inserted two fingers back up inside her hot wet vagina and started massaging her 'G' spot. He was sure it would drive Terri over the top as he moved his mouth over her clit and began to tease it with his tongue. 

That's all it took for Terri. She felt her pussy start to convulse around Nick's fingers and it blasted out through her body. Her legs started to shake causing the stirrups to rattle. Strong contractions in her tummy caused her body to keep doing crunches without her willing it. She writhed and squirmed on the table as her orgasm poured over her. 

Nick exclaimed, "Oh shit Terry! You just squirted me in the face!" At first he thought it might have been a big drop of urine, since it came out of her urethra, but some go in his mouth and he was relieved to find out that it was sweet girl cum, just lots of it. He added, "That's the coolest shit I've seen in a long time. Wild!"

Nick continued to suck her clit and massage her 'G' spot, keeping her high with a rolling climax. Before she was done, she squirted him again, only this time he caught it with his mouth and ran it around inside his mouth like he was wine tasting. 

Finally, spent, Terri had to cry uncle, "Nick, no more, I can't take any more!"

Nick knew it was time for the endgame. So, he dropped his pants and underwear quickly, he had already had them unbuttoned for the occasion. Then he pulled out the little stand at the base of the table and stepped up into place. He ran his hard cock through her wet lips several times and then finding her vaginal opening, an easy thing to do with her spread open like she was, and he sank his hardness all the way inside her until their pubic bones collided.

Theresa loved having her husband enter her. She always felt so full when he would shove his 7 inch cock up inside her. She always felt completed when her man would stuff her full with it. Nick was feeling his ardor too, and set a quick rhythm as he began fucking her as he stood between her legs that were spread out wide in the stirrups. He had tossed off all the drapes and pulled the paper gown off her so he could see her naked on the table.

Terri gasped out, "Oh my gawd Nick, fuck me, fuck me hard. Fill my pussy with your big cock!" She whimpered and moaned and added, "Oh shit, this feels nice. This whole fucking thing is great!"

In just minutes, feeling the mushroom shaped flange sliding up and down through her love canal, Terri was quaking away again in the stirrups, writhing on the table wetting both Nicks pubis and her own. Nick was starting to breathe hard and she could feel the telltale signs that he was getting ready to cum. Then she felt it. She felt his cock start to throb up against the walls of her vagina and his hot spunk splattering up against her cervix, bathing it in sperm. The microscopic pollywog cells chased up her cervix looking to be the one that fertilized an egg; that's how Julianna's little brother was created.

After Nick was done pumping his semen up inside his lovely blond wife, he just held himself inside her until he finally flopped out as he shrank. Then he got down between Terri's legs again and lapped up the mess. He caused her to have another rolling orgasm as he finished up business. After cleaning her up with his mouth, he helped his trembling wife get her legs out of the stirrups. 

Terry got down and quickly went onto her knees. She was still really pumped from the wonderful orgasms she experienced, so she wanted to reward Nick for coming up with such an exciting fantasy. She quickly grabbed his flaccid penis and sucked it inside her mouth. She suck their juices off him sucking him in all the way down to the root. She was happy as hell as she felt him twitch, twitch again and then start to grow.

She went down and bathed his testicles in her mouth, and she kissed and licked his once again hardened cock. She found the little soft triangle under the head of his penis and started tickling him with her tongue, then she worked her tongue in the little slit at the end. Nick was enjoying every second of it, and for the first time he could remember, Terri seemed to be enjoying giving him head too.

Terry pulled his cock back in her mouth and started to suck and twirl him with her tongue as she started to bob up and down on his long shaft. He tasted so good after fucking her, and he smelled even better. She could smell his man smell and the smell of their sex. She sucked him hard until she could feel him starting to get worked up again, then she spit him out. She was sucking him to get him ready, not to get him off. 

She pushed him back so he sat down on the examination table, and then she climbed up into his lap in their favorite position. It gave her control, but at the same time was so very intimate. She pulled his hard cock up into her vagina, and sat down on him experiencing the fullness of having him inside her all over again. She could never get enough of having his cock in her body.

She started to gently work up and down on him. At the same time she ground into him by rotating her hips and rocking forwards and back. Then she just let herself go on autopilot as she started visualizing herself fucking that cute new 18 year old airman that just arrived on station to work in the Flight Surgeon's office. She loved her husband with all her heart, mind and soul, but the idea of screwing the new kid at Nick's work was driving her insane. That's when she hatched the plan.
