 "I can't believe I am even thinking about this" Mike's said outloud to the empty car as he dialed the phone. 

After a few rings, a cheerful "I MISS YOU!!!!" rang out. Mike's stomach sank as some guilt settled in, and he very nearly backed out. But the anticipation and hope of things to come took over. "I miss you, too, Baby" Mike responded to his loving wife but pushed forward before he could back out, "But I have some bad news. The late shift guy called off today, so I have to work. Hopefully not the full shift, but at least a little". He could tell from her response Leslie was disapointed, but he knew tonight was the only night he could do this if he wanted to. And he definitely wanted to. 

Mike and Leslie have been together 6 years, married for 5. With two young children at home, you would think things would have slowed down in the bedroom, but if anything they have gotten better. They grew closer as a couple, and with that growth came an increased trust and love for eachother. But it also meant longer and longer of being with the same person. Mike had to admit, if you were going to be with just one woman for the rest of your life, Leslie was the perfect woman to be with. Tall and curvy. The funniest woman he had ever met. Smart and witty. She was over 7 years younger then him, having begun their relationship shortly after she turned 18, but it progressed so naturally. The only issue they ever had was her jealousy. 

Leslie couldn't stand the thought of him even looking at other women. And while she in the past loved watching porn(and had a nice collection of it herself), Mike hadn't always been the most discreet or thoughtful. It took him a while before he realized what he was losing, and he definitely smartened up. And once he showed her how he could be trusted, things got oh so much better. 

It started slowly. Leslie started turning porn on more often and going down on him while he watched it. Pretty soon she was encouraging him to talk to other girls online while she went down on him. One night, she really surprised him by pulling him into the bedroom. She turned the light off, and started talking dirty to him, one of her favorite things to do. But this time instead of talking about them, or a threesome with another girl, she was talking just about him and another girl. She asked him to tell her about a girl from his past that he wanted to be with, what he wanted to do to her, and how badly he wanted it. Before he knew it, he was sliding his cock into her from behind picturing it being this hottie from his past. Leslie and Mike went wild for eachother the next few days. Talking about women from his past that he wanted to fuck, and Leslie would spread her legs for him and let him indulge his fantasy. Pretty soon things were progressing further again. Leslie would start pointing out hot girls while they were out. Then when they got home, Mike would fuck her while she described really hot scenes of Mike and these other women. 

It wasn't too much longer until things tapered off a bit. Real life got in the way, the way real life often does. And though Leslie never went back to her jealous ways, she wasn't exactly shoving it in his face either. She would wait, hoping he was going to say something about it again, but Mike didn't. Finally, she couldn't stand it anymore, and really wanted to get things started again. 

One night, as they were relaxing, Leslie brought up how long it had been since he had talked to another woman online. And how much she loved watching him stroke his cock while talking dirty to this stranger. And just like that, they were back into things. Leslie often talking about how great it would be to have a threesome. But Leslie was insatiable. Pretty soon the thrill of talking about a threesome wore off, and she started thinking about them having an actual girlfriend. She gently brought the subject up to Mike. At first he dismissed the idea. A girlfriend involved time and feelings. Something he didn't think he had for anyone but Leslie. But she eventually convinced him of how amazing it could be, and to at least be open to the idea. 

But, in true Leslie fashion, soon this wasn't enough. Soon she was talking about just him having a girlfriend. Someone to talk to, laugh with, and sleep with. And soon enough they were talking about him loving another woman. Leslie couldn't get enough. She loved hearing Mike talk about how much he wanted to be with other women. Feeling him pounding her pussy while he pictured another woman. Even after he finished, they would spend hours talking and stroking, playing and coming. Her often squirting uncontrollably all over his hand or mouth. But they never took it past talking.... Well, that she knew off. 

What Leslie didn't know is that Mike had been talking to someone local online. One night after she fell asleep on the couch, he was about to log off line, when he received an IM.

"IzaBee90: Hi, there"

"MFM79: Hey, how are you?"

"IzaBee90: Great. Bored. How are you?"

"MFM79: Same. What are you up to tonight?"

"IzaBee90: Just sitting around. You?"

"MFM79: Same. "

Mike very nearly exited out. It was late and he hated these conversations that went no where. The kind where a woman is in a chat room, and then makes you work for it to talk to them. And god forbid you say anything dirty. Thankfully her next IM came through before he did. 

"IzaBee90: I'm so horny. I just moved here for college, and haven't met anyone yet. All I do is go to school and go to work."

"MFM79: Hmmmm, maybe I can help you with that. Tell me about yourself". 

"IzaBee90: Well, I am short, only 5'2", dark wavy hair to my lower back, 110 lbs, nice round ass, and uhhhh.... Pretty large chest."

"MFM79: How large?"

"IzaBee90: 34 D"

"MFM79: Sounds really good."

"IzaBee90: Thanks. Hmmmm, what else? I am 19. A college Sophmore. I work as a bartender whenever I can. You know, the whole poor college student thing, haha."

"MFM79: 19, huh? Uh oh. I think I might be a little too old for you. I am 30"

"IzaBee90: Nope, not too old at all. I told you, I don't really know a lot of people, and age doesn't really phase me"

Mike wasn't stupid. He knew people lied a lot online. But he didn't really care since it was just talking. They kept talking, for hours actually, until he finally had to pry himself away. But the next day he kept thinking about her. She had confessed that she wasn't very experienced with sexual things. She grew up in a really conservative home. And most of her experience was quick backseat fumbling, or more recently reading and chatting online. And if there was one thing Mike loved, it was teaching. 

They kept talking almost everynight. Sometimes sexual, other times just chatting about their day. They knew they weren't far from eachother, just a couple towns, and the more they chatted, the more tempted Mike was to do anything. But as open as things had become for Leslie and MIke, he hadn't been able to bring himself to tell her about Izabell. He didn't quite know why. But he was pretty sure it was the thrill. The chase, the secrets, the sneaking. The combination of all of it, and just how incredible Izabell seemed, was an intoxicating mix. Before too long, Iza and Mike started talking during the day. It started out with just him logging on to chat on his phone during his lunch. Then his breaks and lunch. And then he found himself leaving himself logged into chat on his phone all day. He just couldn't get enough. She would message him when she got up in the morning with how wet she was. He would sneak off to the bathroom to relieve himself while she described what she was doing to herself in excruciatingly sexy detail. 

The weeks passed, and as amazing as things were going, Mike knew he wanted more. Iza and him had rarely talked about meeting. They talked about what they would do to eachother, but never when or where. Mike was hesitant to push things further. Partially out of fear of scaring her off, and partially out of fear of finding out that she isn't who she said she was. But he knew it couldn't go on like this for long. The late night talks, the sneaky stroking while she describes the wet tightness of her pussy. And when he and Leslie did have sex, he couldn't stop picturing Izabell. Which, he had to admit, might not be the worst thing ever, since he found himself pounding Leslie's pussy like he couldn't get it in deep enough. 

Mike knew he had to pull back, though. As much as he loved talking to Iza, it was getting to be too much. He was spending so much time thinking about her. And taking some pretty big risks talking to her as much as he was. Plus, Leslie wasn't frigid in bed. She liked it nightly, at least once, and it was definitely no small come. Mike just wasn't sure how much longer he could keep this up. Everday he told himself there was no way he was going to sneak away the way he had been. But everyday she said something that turned him on so bad he couldn't help it. Leslie was smart, and he had a feeling she knew something was up, but thankfully she didn't push it. He knew for sure she didn't know how far things were going. Mike knew if he was smart, he would stop talking to her. Atleast cut the time in half. He intended to tell her this, too. Yup. He definitely INTENDED to. That was until they actually started talking. 

"IzaBee90: Hey Babe! How are you?"

"MFM79: Uhhhh, pretty good. How are you?"

"IzaBee90: NERRRRVVVOOOUUUUSSSS!!!"

"MFM79: Why? What's up?"

"IzaBee90: Well, you know how I really like you, right?"

"MFM79: Uh huh" 

The nervous pit sat in Mike's stomach like a lead weight. 

"IzaBee90: Well, I was thinking...."

"MFM79: Yeeesssss???"

"IzaBee90: I want to send you a picture. And maybe get one from you"

Unfortunately, this did nothing to get rid of the weight Mike was feeling. Did he want to see her? What if she wasn't anything close to as she described? Not just would it be a turn off, but how could he talk to someone who would lie like that? Although it would help him break away. Plus, could he really say no? His curiousity got the better of him. 

"MFM79: Yes, that would be great"

"IzaBee90: Ok, here goes."

While the picture screen loaded up and said it was receiving, Mike nervously fidgeted. He wasn't sure how he would respond when his fantasy girl wasn't a fantasy anymore. Or what he would do if she was the opposite of how she described herself. He knew all along that she had to be fake, she was definitely too good to be true. And once the picture loaded up, he saw she had been lying. She was even more gorgeous then she described. There was no way this was for real. Regardless, a deal was a deal, and he sent his picture. He all of a sudden got very nervous thinking about what she would think. He was attractive enough. Leslie went crazy telling him how hot and sexy he was. But if Iza really looked like that, then would she want to talk to him still? All of a sudden Mike felt back in middle school, trying to work up the courage to pass the cute girl a note. 

"IzaBee90: You look exactly like a pictured you! So sexy and manly. I love your beard! I am not normally a facial hair kind of gal, but it is hot!"

Mike couldn't believe it. This gorgeous goddess was telling him how sexy he was. Once again Mike was left wondering if her photo was a random one picked off an internet search. Soon, that would be answered.

"IzaBee90: Earth to MIke?? You haven't said anything! Did you not like my picture?"

"MFM79: No, I loved it. You are gorgeous!"

"IzaBee90: Really? Thank you. I was thinking now that we exchanged pics, you might want to talk on cam sometime?" 

Well, that has to be a good sign, thought MIke. If it weren't really her, why would she offer to get on cam? 

"MFM79: Yeah, that would be awesome. It would just have to be later tonight, if that is ok?"

"IzaBee90: Yeah, that would be perfect. Gives me time to get ready. I should go study and get ready. I can't wait!!!"

IzaBee90 has logged off.

Mike sat and looked at the screen for a while. Was he really about to do this? All of a sudden he remembered his vow to pull back. Just this one time, he said. Just once, get it out of my system, and then I will tell her we can't talk anymore. But even as he said it, he knew that wasn't true. Try as he might, she was in his head. And, if he were being completely honest, he wasn't even sure he wanted her out. 

Shortly thereafter, Mike feigned a yawn, and said he was tired. Leslie came upstairs with him, and the snuggled and talked about their days. And when she reached for him, as she always does, he resisted, saying he wasn't feeling well. Thankfully Leslie accepted this, and snuggled in, and shortly feel asleep. As MIke got up to go downstairs, his anticipation high, he stumbled, nearly knocking over the fan. My steady it, holding his breath waiting for his wife's questioning voice, but was greeted with her soft sleeping snores. He had never been more thankful of her heavy sleeping. Once, he finally got downstairs he waited, expecting to hear the creak of the floor as his wife got up, but once again, just silence. He logged on to the instant messenger, happy to see she was already on. 

"IzaBee90: Hey there, Sexy Man"

"MFM79: Hi, Gorgeous"

"IzaBee90: Are you ready for this? I am so excited!"

"MFM79: Me, too. I am sending the video request."

Cam request sent to IzaBee90....

At the last second Mike decided the cover the lens, just in case. A wasted effort, because when the screen loaded, there she was. It wasn't a scam. She wasn't a liar. She was amazing. 

"Hey, can you hear me?" Iza's sexy voice floated in the air. 

"Yes, can you hear me?" Mike softly spoke.

"Yes, but you are talking so quietly. Is she not asleep?" Iza knew about Leslie. And thoguh she never pictured herself talking to intimately to a married man, it fit. She didn't have time for the demands and fuss of a traditional relationship. And she trusted MIke that they were open. She asked him before why he didn't just tell her, but he didn't really have an answer. She was pretty sure he just liked the excitement. Since she didn't think things would ever get as far as they had, she had never really pushed. And now it just seemed.... Right. 

"No, she is, I just don't want to wake her. This is just.... Perfect"

"So what do you think?" Iza asked as she stood up. It was then that Mike looked and actually saw what she was wearing. And then he tried to swallow past the huge lump in his throat. Which was nothing compared to the one in his boxers he was desperatly trying to hide. 

"You look amazing. I can't believe you remembered." Long ago, in one of the first conversations, Mike had mentioned to Iza about his love of school girl outfits. And seeing her in her knee high socks, very short red plaid skirt, and very sheer white tshirt, he had never seen it look better. Her amazing body, covered in that hot outfit, her tossled hair, and naturally beautiful and innocent face looked way better then any of the jaded overly made up women you normally see trying to pull off the look. 

"YAY! I am so happy you like it!" She said bouncing a little, giving him a nice show of that chest. And though her tits weren't overly huge, on her small frame they looked so much bigger. He could see her hard nipples straining through the sheer t shirt, which also showed him that she wasn't wearing a bra. And it was obvious by how perky they were, that one was not always needed. 

"I definitely do. I especially like that little bounce you were doing" Mike said as she bounced some more for him, both of them laughing. 

"What else do you want me to do for you?" Izabell asked as she brought her knees up, giving him a perfect view of her plain, yet incredibly sexy, red panties. 

"Oh, I can think of a few things..." Mike said as he slowly brought the lap top down, showing off his rock hard dick. He held his breath, waiting for a response. Immedietly Iza's hand went down to her panties, slowing rubbing up and down through the fabric. Eventually, her legs relaxed to the side showing of her panty clad pussy better. 

"Oh my god, you are the hottest thing I have ever seen" Mike told her as he watched her hand slowly teasing herself. Iza bit her lip, partially because she was so turned on, and partially because she wanted to ask if she was hotter then his wife. She didn't know how he would feel about that, and she defintely didn't want to put a stop to things. 

"Thank you. So is that for me?" She asked teasingly. "Can I..... Can I see it out of the boxers?" She asked, blushing. 

Slowly, Mike slid his boxers down, as his sizable cock sprung free, as if to show it's happiness to stretch out. 

"Oh GAWD, that looks sooooo good" She said and her hand started rubbing faster. 

"Your turn now, Sweetie", Mike softly said. "Take your shirt off."

Izabell stood up, slowly stretching and making a presentation of it. Bending over then reaching her hands over her head and arching her back. Then slowly she pulled her shirt over her head, letting her tits bounce as they were freed. She started to pull her skirt down when Mike stopped her. "Leave it on" He said. "I like it"

"Ok, Baby, whatever you want."

"Anything?" Mike questioned. He wanted to do so much, but at the same time didn't want things to be over. And he definitely didn't want to scare her away. 

"Would I have worn this if I wasn't willing? So, what do you want, Baby? What can I do for you?" The sexy way she said it was almost too much for MIke. He could tell she was trying to be confident and sexy, but the break in her voice and the fidgetting hands were a giveaway that she was as nervous as him. Not just was she incredibly sexy, but oh so sweet and endearing. 

"Can I see your pussy? Will you pull your panties to the side for me?" He quietly asked. Iza bit her lip and nodded slowly, before spreading her legs again, this time pulling her panties to the side. She looked so soft and smooth. 

"I thought you said you were just trimmed?"

"I was. But I, uh... I knew you liked totally smooth. I am sad I didn't do this earlier. It is so smooth and nice feeling. I can't help but rub it." 

"Mmmmmm. I almost don't even know what to say." MIke answered honestly. A mulitude of feelings swirled around. Pride that she is that interested. Horny as hell at that gorgeous shaved pussy on the screen in front of him. And something more. Warmth. It was more then just the flattery of first the outfit, and now the shaved pussy for him. The warmth of her remembering those details. And that she went through the work of putting this together. A quick flash of his early promise to pull away ran through his mind, but quickly left. He was long gone, and he knew it. And yet, it didn't seem to bother him as much as it had before. "So you like to rub it now?"

"Oh yeah! It is really smooth! And I can feel the wetness so much better."

"Show me" Mike said. He tried to control his tone, and make it sound more like a polite request, but even with the effort, he knew it came out more like a command.

"Yes, Sir!" Izabell responded with a mock salute, half joking if it weren't for the heat in her eyes. Iza spread her legs further now, pulling her panties over as she slowly and gentley rubbed her pussy up and down. "Like this?" She asked. She wanted things to be perfect, and had never done anything like this for anyone else. 

"Yes. Oh, that looks so good. I wish that was me touching you. Do you want to go faster? Or harder?" 

"Yes, but the panties"

"Take them off" Mike interupted. Iza stood up and hooked her fingers in her panties. then she turned around, back as close to the camera as possible before bending over and sliding her panties down. The position gave MIke a perfect view of her round ass, puckered hole, and the shiny wetness of already very damp pussy. "Baby, I have to warn you, this is not going to last as long as I would like..."
