 The sun laid a blanket of light across Tom’s 4-poster bed. It was late morning on Friday, and the blanket of warmth would remain for several hours yet…well into the afternoon.

Denise flopped herself down with her arms out, in the middle of the bed. She loved being there on Tom’s bed. She managed to escape there for at least one afternoon every week.

Today was that day! Denise had her own key and had let herself in. Tom would be home anytime now. Denise’s heart pounded in anticipation.

Within minutes, Tom was in the bedroom and had shed his tie and loosened his shirt buttons.

“My darling!” he whispered. “I had almost forgotten how lovely you are.”

He lay down beside Denise, took both of her hands in one of his larger ones and held them high above her head. His other hand sought and quickly undid the buttons of her silk blouse. Denise was not wearing a bra today and as her blouse opened; her pink tipped breasts tumbled out in full view.

Tom showered kisses on every inch of exposed flesh. Denise moaned. “Kiss me! Let me taste your kisses.”

“Now, now…! Not yet, my baby!” Tom whispered as he released her from his hold and got to his feet.

Denise watched Tom’s every move. He removed his shirt and tossed it into the laundry hamper. She loved watching him. He did everything with such precision. She weakened at the sight of his chest. The broad expanse of curly hair that covered him until it reached one thin line that went all the way down….

Denise felt desire rush through her limbs.

Tom pulled off his pants and socks. He folded the socks together and they followed the shirt into the hamper. He folded his pants and hung them on the hanger. He quickly shed his jockey briefs as well.

Denise never took her eyes off him. When he was naked, she urged him to her, but he donned a pair of denim shorts.

“Oh, my baby!” Denise groaned. “Come here with me. I have missed you so much.”

“Patience, my lover! Here, let me look at you.”

Denise’s blouse was still open and her bare breasts were thrust high. Her arms were still high over her head as Tom had left them. Her skirt had ridden up and her nylon, clad legs were enticing her to him.

Tom felt the familiar stirring in his groin.

“Undress for me, please?” Tom walked over to the stereo and put on some music. The room quickly filled with the strains of Genesis’ Ripples…

He pulled Denise to her feet and encouraged her to take off her clothing. In spite of his obvious ability to restrain himself, he was anxious to see her nakedness. She turned him on so much… like no other had before.

Denise wanted to play. She pulled of her blouse and her full breasts swayed as she moved. She moved away from Tom ever so quickly, and forgetting for the moment that he had wanted her to strip for him, they tumbled onto the bed.

As Denise’s arms again went over her head, Tom was ready. He pulled two soft ropes from under his pillow and even before Denise could react, he had each wrist secured to a post. Her breasts heaved. Her nipples were taut…

“What are you doing?” Denise’s playfulness quickly turned to panic as she struggled against the bonds that held her. Tom kissed her fears away.

“Let me love you sweetie as you have never been loved before…. Give in to the experience, my baby. It will be so good… I promise!”

Tom’s hands quickly went up under Denise’s skirt and carefully removed her hose and panties. He placed a full cushion underneath her buttocks. His hands massaged her legs as he also secured a rope around each struggling ankle and tied them to the posts.

“Let me up, Tom! Fun is fun! I am not comfortable with this, at all.” Denise’s voice was pleading. 

Tom was right there to reassure her. “I promise you that I will not hurt you…. Have I ever hurt you? You can trust me…” He glanced at her as she lay on the bed, completely spread-eagled before him; her skirt had ridden up around her waist. Her hips were moving, trying to close her legs. She was totally exposed to him. He savored the look of her slim hips, her pubic covered mound. He was pleased. So would she be... She just didn’t know it yet.

Denise continued to struggle. Her skirt was twisting all about her. Tom’s hands looked for the buttons of her wrap-around skirt and in seconds, it too was gone!

Ohhh! She was naked! It was much easier than he had ever imagined.

“You are indeed lovely, my Pet! You are my special lover.” He got up and walked out of the room and left Denise to her thoughts.

Denise was showing signs of panic. This was not how she had planned the afternoon. She and Tom had been lovers for a several months and she had always felt in control. She found herself in a helpless situation. What did he intend to do?

She didn’t have long to wait. He came back into the room and he was carrying a tray with a wineglass and a bottle of wine. He poured a glass and took a sip. He placed his arm beneath Denise’s head and lifted her up. He put the wine to her lips. “Here, drink this. It will help you relax.”

Denise was unable to help herself. The wine trickled down her throat.

“Are you frightened of me? There is no need. I want you to feel all the pleasure you possibly can.”

At 21 years of age, Denise cursed herself for getting involved with a man 13 years older than she was. She was definitely out of her league. 

Tom lit a cigarette. As the curls of smoke reached Denise’s nostrils, she could tell that it was not an average cigarette. It was hashish.. She had tried it once before. She became a little scared. Nobody knew where she was. She was completely at Tom’s mercy. She had fancied herself in love with him. She didn’t know him at all!!

Tom came and sat besides Denise. He inhaled a draw of his joint and then he cupped his hands around Denise’s nose and mouth and blew softly into her nostrils. He kept his hands closed until she was forced to suck in her breath. The smoke was potent… He did it 3 or 4 more times.

“Here, Baby! Have a sip of wine.” He could see that the smoke was having an effect. It was almost time.

“Denise… Look at me sweetheart! Look at me! I promise you can trust me. I won’t hurt you… I promise.”

Again, Tom left Denise to collect her now, muddled thoughts. She felt warmed by the sun yet she also felt cool. All she wanted was Tom to love her for a little while. Her heart was beating frantically. Her mind was filled with bright colors as the sun danced across her body.

Tom returned, and he had something in his hands. Denise couldn’t see what it was. He moved the cushion beneath her bottom to make sure she was at ease and then he began to lather her pubic mound with gel. It was hot! 

“Oh Tom, please don’t…please!” Denise struggled again with renewed strength.

Tom waited until she subsided and he started in. In adept strokes, he shaved away all her pubic hair… carefully ensuring the smoothness of her lips. Denise was scared to move so it made the job much easier. When he was done, Denise’s private parts resembled that of a young girl’s. 

Denise started to cry. 

“Please don’t cry my sweetheart… please! I just want to make you so happy.” He lit another cigarette and again administered the smoke filled pleasures to Denise’s brain. He left her briefly this time.

“Let me go Tom! You’ll be sorry!” Denise’s protests were feeble. 

Tom touched her fully erect nipples with his thumbs and forefingers. He sucked one between his lips. He watched Denise’s reaction. She was trembling.

He placed himself between her legs and blew soft cool air onto her pussy lips. With no hair, they parted so easily. Tom placed a kiss right on the hood of her clitoris and sucked her pussy lips, as well as the clitoris into his mouth. He felt her hips jerk.

The afternoon was just beginning. He smiled to himself. Tom took Denise’s string of pearls and undid the clasp. He placed the beads in a little pile between her legs. He placed the beads on top of her clit and pressed her lips together around the beads. Then he pulled … ever so softly. Each pearl bumped her clit... One after the other… Bump! Bump! Bump! Denise shuddered as Tom pulled the string of bead completely through her lips. He reached down and licked where the pearls had touched.

“Oohhh!!!” Denise moaned. 

Tom could see the sun shining directly on her pussy. “You should see what I see, Baby! Your pussy lips are pouting. I can see them contracting. I imagine how my cock would feel in there right now.”

He licked some more… The smoothness of her shorn pussy lips made the assault a pleasurable one. Tom’s tongue darted in between her lips and around her clitoris. He started to suck the entire area into his mouth. His licking was direct and within a very short time, Tom could feel the tenseness building in Denise’s body. At the moment that he saw her tummy contract…. He pulled away.

“Oohhhh! Tom! Don’t!” Denise’s cry was for release.

“Not yet my sweetie….not yet!” Tom soothed Denise’s face and lips with kisses, and he reached back down and blew cool air onto her pussy… careful to avoid sending her to orgasm. As soon as the feeling subsided, he licked her again. This time he nibbled on her lips and clit. Denise thrashed about … only able to move a little. She was quiet… He watched her reaction… she was trying to fool him… She was close to orgasm. He stopped immediately.

“Think you can trick me don’t you? I know your body so well. I want to tease you until the sun goes down.” He cupped her little round bum in his large hands and placed wet smacking kisses on her pussy. She shuddered. He stopped.

“Poor Baby... come on… talk to me.” Tom said.

Denise was breathless. “Please Tom. Please let me up. Please. You are driving me crazy!” Tom stopped her tirade with kisses on her mouth. He stood up and rubbed the head of his penis back and forth on her moist mouth and lips. 

He pulled the pearl beads between her pussy lips again. He could see her strain to reach that plateau of pleasure… but Tom kept it just out of her reach. He could see the perspiration beading on her forehead as he teased her. She was so close to reaching orgasm, but he couldn’t bring himself to let her cum. He would let her rest for a little while.

The afternoon was still young….