 Tracey Prosser had driven to the beach that warm, autumn evening, after completing her school marking. She had taught for 10 years and was aware that her pupils saw her as bossy, but she did not mind that at all. Tracey liked order in her classroom and in her life. However in the past few months her ordered life had fallen apart. Her relationship with fellow teacher Ben had ended four months earlier. The separation was still raw and the manner of how it came about cut deep into her pride.

Tracey had been with Ben for six years, since she was 27 years old. He had been everything she desired in a man. Good looking, humorous, intelligent and a considerate lover. They had many fun times, but had not fully committed, maintaining separate apartments until a year ago. At this point Tracey decided she needed a little more from Ben. She was thinking marriage and wanted to start a family. She would soon become aware of a fatal flaw in her perfect man. A fear of commitment.

The more the year progressed the more Ben withdrew from her, although she did not really recognise this until the relationship ended. He appeared to have more work commitments than previously and places to be a weekend that did not include Tracey. Instead of their sex life increasing, as Tracey thought it would, it declined to once or twice a week.

Then came the bombshell. Ben said they needed to talk, but had then proceeded to do all the talking. He told Tracey he had met another woman through work, they had not had sex, but they had a strong attraction to each other. Tracey's heart sank and she burst into tears. Ben consoled her and then her logical personality type kicked in.

"We can work this through and come out stronger," she had said, or words to that effect.

They made love and Tracey was reassured. However her confidence was short lived as a day later she had enquired with a mutual male friend of theirs.

"Look I'm not going to let you be made a fool of Tracey. Ben's being screwing this woman most days for the past six months," the friend told her candidly.

A huge argument ensued, full of accusations and tears. Ben accused her of being a control freak, leading the relationship in the direction she wanted, without consulting him. He maintained he had been forced to find solace in the arms of another. Ben then departed and did not return.

Tracey was devastated, her self-esteem shattered. She went through all the emotions. Anger, denial, depression, with a sense that she was a failure, all pervasive. Friends were well-meaning and attempted to console her as best they were able. Aware she was an attractive woman; they wanted to pair her up with suitable males. However, for four months Tracey had not felt at all attractive and had rebuffed any matchmaking.

Her friends were correct in their assessment of Tracey. Despite wearing glasses, she was pretty, with shoulder length brown hair and a cute chipmunk face. She looked younger than her age. The narrow rectangular glasses complimented her high cheek bones and brown eyes. Her lips were full, with the top one in a bow shape and the bottom plump and slightly curled. She was slim, with B cup breasts, but flared at the hips. Despite working out regularly Tracey felt her bottom was a little too big, although Ben had not agreed. She tanned well, but had to watch herself in the mid-summer sun.

On this day Tracey decided the wind was a little chilly so she would merely sit in her late model Honda hatchback, read the book and look up to enjoy the view. The road ran beside the beach, with a Park on the opposite side. She had done this a couple of times before and found it very therapeutic.

Tracey had been parked in her car for about 20 minutes, largely engrossed in her novel. It was an adult novel with a fair amount of sex. Despite having no thoughts of sex for four months, Tracey felt a slight stirring in her lower stomach as she read. She was wearing normal attire for the weather. A mid-thigh length, yellow and white sun dress, with narrow straps. She had on a silk bra and panties, bare legs and flat sandals. 

Shortly, Tracey glanced up at the sea glistening in the sun. Her gaze then shifted to the other side of the road, where she noted a man jogging shirtless around the park. He was youngish, probably early 20's Tracey guessed. She made sure she was again watching on his the next lap. This time she looked more closely and noted he was good looking, with short cropped hair, a toned torso and wearing very short running shorts. Tracey's libido might have been lower of late, but she liked what she saw and could no longer concentrate on her book as she awaited his return. However, on his next lap he stared directly at her and she looked down quickly, horrified that her voyeurism had been noticed.

Tracey kept her head down and tried to concentrate on her book. Next minute there was a tapping at the passenger side window. She knew it would be him and her face reddened. She slowly looked up and there was her runner, smiling in a friendly manner. She turned on the ignition and cautiously lowered the window half way.

"Hi, I saw you watching me and thought I'd come over and introduce myself."

"I wasn't watching you," Tracey stammered.

"That's Ok," the young man said dismissively, "I suppose you're here for the view."

"Yes, it's a great view."

They then got into a light banter about the scenery and the locality. Tracey began to relax, drinking in the only view she was interested in right at this moment. Her erotic novel, coupled with the sight of this Adonis had stirred something that had remained dormant for months. 

Tracey lowered the window all the way and he leaned on the door. His head and shoulders filled the entire window. His muscles were clearly defined and coved in a sheen of sweat. She could smell him. Despite the exercising it wasn't strong, merely a nice masculine odour, much like a man would exude when having sex. Tracey tried to push this thought from her mind when the young man spoke again.

"Would you like to see the best vantage point?" 

"Where is that," Tracey replied, happy to have her thoughts brought in check.

The young man opened the door, sat himself in the passenger seat and said, "I can show you."

At this point the prim and proper, logical side of Miss Prosser would normally be asking he get out of her car immediately. However his close proximity and odour was overwhelming her senses and good judgement. An engaging, half-naked younger man, well defined and covered in a light sweat, only inches from her side. She began to feel a little faint and was embarrassed to note the tingling in her lower stomach grow stronger.

"That would be nice," she replied. "Which way?"

"Straight ahead and into the Park."

Again Tracey's correctness came to the fore and she said, "I don't even know your name."

"Dan," he said putting out his hand, "And yours?"

"Tracey," she replied taking his tanned hand and squeezing it lightly.

Touch and eye contact were a mistake and Tracey recognised this immediately. The fluttering in her loins increased ten-fold and she blushed. She lowered her eyes, but this merely brought into focus his toned thighs, running shorts and the bulge his penis made as it pointed her way. She looked up and caught Dan smiling at her, so she rapidly looked forward, through the windscreen and started the motor. 

They drove along conversing about the scenery,

until they entered the park, which was basically a bush clad hill, with a number of paved roadways and bike tracks.

In the back of Tracey's mind she knew full well that this scenario was risky. Taking a half naked man, she barely knew, into her car was not wise and neither was driving him into a secluded park. It was naughty and Tracey was not a naughty girl. She was a cautious teacher, adhered to the philosophy that every man was a potential rapist and Dan's friendly demeanour did nothing to quell her disquiet. She needed to know a little more about this man in her car.

"How old are you?" Tracey nonchalantly slipped into the conversation.

"23 years old," Dan replied smiling at her, "I'm an Electrician with Wood and Cooper."

"Oh, that's nice," said Tracey,feeling more at ease with the situation, now she had a little more knowledge about him. 

Any apprehension Tracey might still be feeling was rapidly taking a back seat to the fact that a good looking, half-naked, younger man was finding her interesting.

"What will I do if he reaches over and places a large hand on my breast?" she thought, "or runs his hand up my inner thigh?"

"Pull in just here," Dan said, intruding on her thoughts.

Tracey slowed and pulled into a gap in the trees with a view overlooking the sea and setting sun. They were only meters from the road, but no other car could pull in beside then. Tracey put on the hand break and turned off the engine.

"There, isn't that beautiful," said Dan looking out at the vista.

Tracey had to agree it was a magnificent vantage point and settled back in her seat. She relaxed slightly.

"A beautiful woman and a beautiful view," Dan said and he turned to her, placed a hand lightly on her shoulder looked directly into her eyes. An unmistakeable, "Now I'd like to kiss you," look.

Tracey hesitated for a moment, her heart racing, all her instincts telling her she should remain in control of the situation. She should pull away and inform this young man he was way out of line. However she had other feelings as well. The book she had been reading, the beautiful vista before her, the warm car, the male odour, the sweating body, but most of all the feeling in the pit of her stomach. All these combined to override her caution and Tracey's resistance crumbled. She found no words or will to resist, closed her eyes, pursed her lips and moved her head toward his.

The meeting of their lips sent another jolt through her and her heart fluttered. When their tongues began to dance, her nipples started to tingle and grow. She placed a hand behind his head and pulled him in tighter, raising the passion in the kiss. For his part, without any invitation he moved his right hand directly to her left breast and began to lightly massage it.

As they continued to make out like teenagers, the heat in the small car rose. Tracey's nipples had hardened and were now clearly visible through her light silk bra and sundress. The sensation between her thighs made her clench them together and she could feel dampness down there. She let her free hand wander over his nicely muscled, hairless chest.

At this point, just as Tracey was hoping he would, Dan moved his hand to her shoulder strap and pushed it down. Then he slid the hand into her dress and under her silk bra back onto her breast. She drew in her breath sharply as he alternately tweaked her erect nipple and massaged the breast. She then altered her position slightly to offer him free access to the left breast, which he gave the same treatment. He then moved both hands to her bra straps and pulled them down her arms, before lowering the cups, allowing both breasts to fall free. She moved her arms free of the straps as Dan moved his mouth down to kiss and suck on each nipple.

Naked from the waist up, Tracey was now completely intoxicated by the attention her young lover was giving her body and instinctively moved her own hand to his semi erect cock. She began to massage it through his silk running shorts and was pleased to feel it grow in her hand. 

Without stopping his attention to her breasts, Dan moved a hand to rest under the hem of her skirt, which sat half way down her thighs. He then moved his lips to her throat, while gently revolving her so that their naked chests meshed together. His hand began to slowly move up the inside of her thigh, kneading and massaging the softness he found there. Tracey parted her legs to allow him access. She had not been with a man for four months, was now completely in the zone as she felt her sexual juices rising toward boiling point.

Dan's lips caressed her throat and his naked chest moved up and down, massaging her breasts. His hand had reached her silk panties and he hesitated. Tracey could not stand it and she raised her hips and pushed them toward his hand, bringing his fingers into light contact with her swollen outer lips. Light touch was not enough for Tracey, she needed more. She quickly moved her hand off his cock and across to where her skirt was now pushed up to the top of her thighs. She placed her hand on Dan's and pressed it into her panties and crotch. He began to make circle motions, hard against her labia, brushing her clitoris with every rotation.

Tracey's eyes were tightly shut, her nipples hard and tingling, her loins on fire from the touch of this stranger. She was already rising toward climax when he slipped his hand out from under hers and up over the top of her panties and down onto her naked flesh. She slid her hips forward to give him better access, at which point he slipped his middle finger into her soaking wet vagina. Dan then commenced a slow steady up and down motion with his index and third finger massaging her outer lips. His palm moved on her swollen clitoris, while his middle finger hooked around, moving in and out of her vagina.

This was too much for Tracey. She gave herself over entirely to the feelings she was experiencing. The lips on her neck, the hand massaging her breast, the fingers on her most private area, the smell of his sweat and her arousal. She moved her hips up in down, in unison to her young lovers hand, grinding herself into it, as his finger rotated within her. 

Tracey had surrended all control to her young lover. Her eyes remained tightly shut. As her climax came upon her she let out a loud long moan and saw snow-flakes. Her vagina clenched, over and over, against his finger. It was one of the most intense orgasms she could recall and she kept her hips moving to prolong the experience.

As Tracey slowly came back to herself she pulled Dan's head up, away from her breasts and searched for his lips. As she did this he slipped his hand out of her panties, which she was not happy about. He then brought both his hands up to her naked breasts and roughly massaged them, as they engaged in another wet, passionate kiss.

Dan was suddenly more urgent in his actions and she knew what this meant. He was as turned on as she was and she felt a feeling of satisfaction that she could achieve this. This was quickly replaced by disquiet at the realisation that he clearly wanted to fuck her. 

Serious, logical, Miss Prosser began to return, as she came down from her orgasmic high. Tracey knew she could not allow him to enter her. In her mind it just wasn't right to fuck someone you'd just met. In addition, she was in the middle of her cycle and had no wish to be impregnated by a young stud. However, she felt an obligation to provide him the relief, which he had just given her. In fact she had a need to have this young firm cock inside her somewhere. So Tracey fell back on what had served her well as a late teen into her early twenties.

While continuing to kiss him Tracey moved her hand back to Dan's crotch and again touched him lightly through his running shorts. He was now quite firm. She moved both hands to the sides of his shorts and he raised his butt to allow her to pull them down to mid-thigh, freeing his cock. She broke their kiss and looked down. His cock lay on his thigh about 7 inches long, thicker than Ben had been and surprisingly it was circumcised. She could see pre cum at the hole. She moved her hand and lightly ran the tips of her fingers up and down the length. Her touch caused him to give a soft sigh. Tracey knew she was now once again in charge and she enjoyed that feeling.

Tracey was no stranger to oral sex. She had managed to maintain her virginity into her twenties by becoming very proficient at pleasuring a man with her tongue and mouth. She liked the taste of a cock and the feeling of it filling her mouth. Most of all she just loved the control she exerted over the man at such times. 

Tracey moved her hips away from Dan so she could lower her head toward his lap. Dan sensed what was coming and he moved a hand to the back of her head and lightly massaged her scalp. She saw his cock twitch and grow, as it awaited her touch. 

"Horny young men," she smiled to herself and knew he would not last long. 

She got down adjacent to Dan's cock and wrapped her hand firmly around the lower half of his shaft. That still left four inches for her mouth, which she knew she could handle without a problem. She brought the cock to her face and rubbed it over her soft cheeks and across her lips. This action made his cock rock hard and Tracey revelled in the fact that she could do this to a man. She looked up at him and began to move her hand slowly up and down the lower end of the shaft. His eyes met hers full of urgency and anticipation.

Tracey felt him release his breath and the cock twitched against her cheek. Tracey then moved it to her lips, brought saliva into her mouth and allowed it to dribble out onto the tip of his cock, mixing with Dan's pre cum. All the time she continued to massage with her hand.

Tracey recalled young men and their urgency and was aware she shouldn't linger. She blew lightly on the head, before moving her flat tongue to where her hand held his cock. She ran her tongue slowly up the bottom of his shaft to the top, all the while maintaining eye contact over the top of her glasses. She placed the tip of her tongue inside his slit, while drooling more saliva onto his already well lubricated helmet. As she pursed her lips and brought them to the helmet, Tracey noted Dan still looking down at her, his eyes wide with expectation. This was what she wanted to see. Tracey knew she had him right where she wanted him. She was in charge. Miss Prosser was back in the classroom and if all boys were well behaved, they would be rewarded.

With this thought at the forefront of her mind Tracey tightened her grip and gently slid her lubricated lips lightly over Dan's bulging helmet. She massaged it with her lips and swirled her tongue around it, before plunging the cock deep into her mouth, until her lips hit her hand. She held it there for some seconds, moving her tongue along the base, while he pushed up into the top of her throat. Tracey could not hold it there too long and Dan groaned aloud as she tightened her lips around the shaft and sucked hard while retracting the shaft from her mouth. As she reached the top she let her tongue slide out over her bottom lips and lick the underside of the helmet. At the same time she again raised her eyes to look up at him, giving her best seductress look.

As Tracey repeated this process she was confident he was close to finishing. She began to speed up as he actively began moving his hips, attempting to hump her mouth. She knew what would send him over the top and moved her free hand to his balls and began to gently massage them. This was too much for Dan. Tracey felt him harden even more and knew what was coming. She quickly returned her lips and tongue to the top two inches and of his cock. Within seconds the he pulsed once then began to blast cum onto the roof of her mouth and down her throat. This time when she glanced up Dan's eyes were shut tight in ecstasy. Tracey swallowed and sucked for all she was worth. The boy would not forget this little lesson in a hurry.

Tracey wanted to swallow the entire load, but she was out of practice and some slipped out and ran down Dan's cock. She continued to suck hard before plunging down to capture the escaped cum with her lips. Dan pulsed even after his cum had finished spurting forth. Tracey continued to bob up and down until all twitching ceased and he relaxed the hand on her head. She knew he was spent. She completed her job of cleaning his cock and swallowing his sperm, before coming off his cock with a loud, "Plop".
