 Once upon the bed It's been a couple of hours now and your breathing is once more deep and even. I slowly got off the bed and tiptoed to the dressing table...my heart beating fast as I rummage inside the drawer...there...I've found it!!!

I walk back towards the bed and look down on your naked sleeping form and resisted the temptation to kiss your lips as I didn't want to wake you...at least not yet. Very slowly and carefully I take one hand and cuff it to your bedpost, now the other one. Now that is done and still your sleeping, good! Bending over you, I very gently run my tongue over your lips, kissing my way lightly to your chin and then back again. You start to squirm a little, but I press my lips against yours harder--my tongue probing your lips and slipping inside your mouth. Gosh my love you taste so good. My tongue explores your mouth as you moan and instinctively responded to the kiss, our tongues dancing together.

I start to suck your tongue and finally, with a start, you wake up--realizing that you were not dreaming. You open your eyes wide, and smile. I lean down further and start kissing you again...my hair brushing over your nipples. You moan and try to reach for me, and just as you do, you realize you can't move your hands. Looking at me questioningly I tell you, I want to pleasure you right, and I don't want to be distracted by your hands all over me, at least not yet. I want this to be a time you never forget!

Leaning down I started to kiss you again, running my tongue over your lips...nibbling them lightly while my hands caressed your nipples. I start to get hot too!! Kissing my way from your mouth, I took another route, moving to your face. I moved my tongue over to your eyes, then made my way to your ear. My tongue is swirling lightly on your ear lobe, my fingers pinching each of your nipples lightly as I started to suckle your earlobe: pausing now and then to gently swirl my tongue into your ear.

After a few minutes I made my way from your ear down your chin, my fingertips still playing with your rock hard nipples. You try to catch my mouth with yours, but I deftly evaded you and went for your neck instead. Nibbling on your collar bone and kissing my way down your chest, my tongue replaced my hand and flicks out and licks first one nipple and then the other. 

Taking your nipple between my teeth I chew it gently as my hand slides up and down your inner thighs, not touching you anywhere except your thighs. I hear you growl in protest...squirming against the restraints, and I'm loving it. I know you crave more than what I'm giving you, but I'm not quite ready yet. Suckling on your nipple you arch upwards toward me, pleading for more contact which I refuse to give.

I started to kiss my way down to your tummy. Your muscles flexing as my tongue delves into your navel, licking it, and you groan--begging me for more. As my fingertips very gently find and tickle your balls, with a loud moan you jerk and stiffen, your breath now starting to come in gasps, as I let my knuckles rub against your shaft, while I continue to tickle your balls.

Your hips start bucking on their own accord as you beg me to give you some release. I am so tempted, but just not quite yet...I want you to always remember this night and remember me!

Very gently, I grasp your throbbing cock in my hand bringing it towards my lips, blowing softly on the head before letting my tongue slide out and finally over the entire head of your cock. This makes you moan loudly as I bathe your cock head with my tongue, my fingers still working on your balls. My tongue licks up all your pre-cum that you ooze. You taste just as good, and even better than the last time! 

I tell you how soaked I am...aching for you...want to see?? 

You gasp, "Yes!!!" 

I stood up, moving towards the head of the bed. You can see how wet I am by my glistening pussy that is closer to you now. I bend over with my breast dangling over your face, my nipples are rock hard and aching. I whisper and tell you to suck my nipples to which you eagerly complied. You start to suckle on one, then turn your attention to the other. You suck on my nipples as my hand finds its way back to your cock. 

I wrap my fingers around your throbbing shaft and start to stroke you, slowly at first then harder and faster. As I speed up my stroking, you suck my nipples that much harder, stopping once in awhile to nip at them gently with your teeth causing me to moan loudly. I push my nipples at you harder. My hand milking your hard cock faster and faster still. I feel my control loosing it power over to you, and I have to call a halt. I am hot and aching like crazy for release, but I haven't finished with you yet.

Pulling away from you I straddle your feet, and slowly leaned forward with my mouth aimed at your rock hard cock, now coated and slick with your pre-cum. My tongue flicks out over your penis head making you jerk. God you taste so fucking good. Again my tongue washes over your cock head, then all of a sudden when you least expect it I swallow your cock, thrusting your hardness the whole way down my throat, making me gag a little...but soon get used to it. 

With your hands still held by the restraints you can do nothing but buck your hips...fucking my mouth with your huge shaft, making me take it further down my throat as I start to suck you, stroking your cock with my lips and my tight throat. I swallow, which tightens my hold onto you, as your hips arch higher. I release your cock to move my mouth lower and start to suck your balls deep into my mouth, rolling them around and tugging on them as I continue my assault on your cock.

Now I start using my hand, but I suck on your balls a little longer rolling them around in my mouth. Before moving my mouth back to your hard dripping cock, and sucking you in deep again, my hand is fondling your balls. I massage them as I continue to milk your throbbing shaft.

I can feel you tightening which means you are about to cum! This has turned me on even more. I love the taste, the feel, and the sound of your pleasure. Nothing gets me any hotter than pleasuring my special guy. I work your cock with my mouth even harder now, massaging your balls, squeezing and rubbing them. Your hips are bucking wildly now and your growling louder. I could have sworn we could be heard by the neighbors, and I'm loving every minute of it!

With one final thrust, you shove your cock ever so deep down my throat, as I feel your hot cum hitting the back of my throat and sliding down it. You can feel my moans running up your shaft as I swallow every drop of your cum. 

I come up for air, and lying on top of you, I kiss you deeply as you try to catch your breath. Your breathing coming in short raspy gasps...but I'm not finished yet!

Moving upward, I position my hot pussy on top of your face. I need you to lick me, love. I can see your more than willing, arching upward trying to get me into your mouth. I leaned over, kissing the marks on your wrist (caused by your wild pulling earlier), as I free you from your cuffs. Once free, you grabbed my hips roughly hauling my soaked pussy down to your mouth.

Holding me tight you assault my hot pussy with your tongue, delving deep into my hot steamy folds, tongue fucking me hard with your stiffened tongue. I squirm...hardly able to stand the sensations your tongue is creating within me. As quick as you can, your tongue withdraws from my pussy and attacks my throbbing clit, making me jump and scream.

I squirm harder now trying to escape your tongue as it assaults me endlessly, but you continue to flick back and forth relentlessly over the tip of my clit. I'm on fire and I can barely stand this. The pressure is building hard and fast. The feeling is almost unbearable as you punish me with your tongue. My clit's so swollen and throbbing, screaming for release as I swivel my hips. First bucking against your tongue and mouth, then trying to move away from the steady sensations. My moans became louder, turning into screams as you hold me in place. You suck my throbbing nub into your mouth, rolling it around and flicking it endlessly. Your grip on my hips is almost punishing as you hold me tighter against your mouth--suckling and biting my clit. My cries are driving you wilder as I beg you for release. "Honey please...I am so wet now."

Your face is covered in my juice as I buck my hips fast. My slit is throbbing so hard it almost feels like its going to explode. You release my hips with one hand and ram a finger deep inside my pussy as you suckle my clit hard. I cry and jerk hard against you, ramming myself harder and faster down on your finger, as your tongue flicks across the tip of my burning clit.

My cries now are really loud, the neighbors can probably hear, but apparently you don't care as you continue to finger fuck me good. You're tickling my clit hard and fast now with your stiff tongue. I stiffen and lunge down hard, burying your fingers to the hilt in my hot pussy, as finally I find some much needed relief.

As my soaked pussy contracts tightly around your fingers, sucking at them with my orgasm, my screams slowly turn to loud moans as my body convulses in absolute passion. My whole being on fire as you continue to fuck me with three fingers now. In and out, then rotating them around and around. Your face is now coated in my love juice as your tongue has licked me clean. 

I leaned forward against the headboard, so drained from the most amazing climax I've ever had, and this was supposed to be your night, the night you'd never forget. But I can tell you lover, that it's going to be a night I will not forget either.

Suddenly you grab me, swinging me around and pinning me to the bed on my tummy. You force my legs wide, your cock head now rubbing along my slippery slit. Rubbing over my clit and causing me to moan again as you start to slide back and forth. Sometimes you almost slid into my pussy and then back out again. My breath still ragged. I plead, "God, love...quit teasing me now, please! FUCK ME! Fuck my hot pussy hard and deep!"

You tell me to beg, "Beg me baby." You smile, and tell me what you want me to do to you!

"Please fuck my pussy...fuck it hard! Make me all yours! Please lover!" I plead with you.

My little cries are driving you wild and the heat on your cock head is getting to you too. Slowly, way too slowly, you start to spread my pussy lips with your throbbing shaft. Spreading me wide, I can feel your hardness...your heat...feel you throbbing between my pussy lips as you slowly slide deeper 

Moving my ass back towards you trying to suck you deep into me, you grab my hips tight, and with a brutal hard lunge you slam your throbbing shaft to the hilt in my pussy taking me from behind. My screams echo off the walls as you pound me. Punishing me...showing me just who it is I belong to. Telling me I'm going to feel this fucking for the next few days between my legs. Your balls are slapping my clit and your cock head hitting the very back of my pussy. 

I can feel the pressure building again as I hear you let out a loud growl deep within your chest. Your hips buck wildly as you pummel my pussy with your throbbing dick, as I feel our hot cum mingling together. 

It was a while before we could move. Curling up together, we lay that way basking in the after glow of such hot sex, knowing it won't take long, and its going start all over again...