 Wow, sometimes shit happens fast! But, even I couldn't have foreseen this story coming true. See I'm a married guy who has an active imagination and a super-charged sex drive to go with it. If I could have discovered a way to make money with my cock when I was younger, believe me, I'd have retired long ago. But instead, most of my escapades are in my head. Or on these pages.

One week ago, while cruising the message boards of this fine site, I came across an interesting sounding woman from "So. Cal." that desired a discreet relationship. Hey, being from "So. Cal." myself, I though I would bounce a PM or email to her. It worked!

The unbelievable part of this is that she's from my neighborhood, a few blocks away! What could be more convenient (or stupid?) than that? I won't bore you with the hot email exchanges that we had over the course of four days, I'll simply get down to the parts that I know you will find...say...interesting? If you're like me, it's a good thing that you can scroll down these pages one-handed, huh?

So, I'm married, she's married and we both live in the same neighborhood. Her partner works nights, mine sleeps nights (and god help me if I should "touch" her in her sleep). Problem is, mine also seems to have a third eye on me during the night, so I can't just slip out unnoticed. So I negotiated a "date" from my internet babe, scheduled a "business trip" to San Diego, reserved a room at a local hotel, and tried not to cum in my pants for the next four days.

To prevent any surprises, let's just say that I'm a semi-athletic man of 47 (salt and pepper), horny, and "normal" in every way. "Sweet" is a self-described "big girl", 43 years old, large chest, horny, but otherwise "normal" in every way. We had never met in person, she had a couple of "cock" shots of me, but I had not seen a picture of her. This was to be her first extra-marital "tryst", while it was the second or third for me (hey, what goes on in Vegas, stays in Vegas!). Needless to say, on Thursday evening, the anticipation was running high.

We met at the prescribed time at the local 7-Eleven, which is across the street from her condo. I wore my red sweatshirt and stood near the magazine rack waiting for her to arrive. At the appointed time I felt someone timidly tap me on the back and say "Hi Tall, it's Sweet." I simply turned around, smiled at her, took her by the hand, and led her to my car (gee, what if I was an ax murderer?).

I held the door open for her as she prepared to get into my car, but before I would let her pass, I took her head in my hands and kissed her on the forehead, telling her that I wanted her to have a "wonderful evening". She simply smiled and slid down into the seat. When I got in, I could tell she was nervous, but excited. Her breathing was deep and I swear I could hear her heart.

Sweet was "pretty", with shoulder length dirty blond hair, big tits, nice full lips, sparkling clear eyes, and a pretty decent body. She hadn't had any kids, so the extra weight that she was packing wasn't "stretched" over parts of her body, she was simply built "solid". 

As I pulled out of the parking lot, I extended my right hand, palms up, to her to see if she would take it. In an earlier email, we had described what we would do during the 10 minute drive to the hotel, and I wanted to see if she would remember. She did. She softly placed her very warm hand in mine and held me for a minute, then took my hand and rubbed it across her breasts. I knew that she had come to play! Reaching into her blouse, I explored her DD's on the outside of her lacy bra, feeling firm fat nipples popping up to greet me. My cock began to harden at this point, so I removed my hand, grasped her left hand, and led it to my lap. Silently, Sweet unbuttoned and unzipped my jeans and grabbed the shaft of my cock (she had asked me not to wear underwear, her fantasy). She had me out and hard in no time and she stroked me until she started the pre-cum flowing. When she felt this, she coated her finger with my "juice" and sucked it into her mouth.

The evening was progressing like some type of ceremony! She took the next step, reaching under her knee length skirt and rubbing her slit, which apparently had become quite wet in the 7 minutes since we had "hit the road". I could hear her gasp as she ran her finger up against her slit. Then, she withdrew the finger, moved it to my mouth, and simply said "taste me". I could smell a faint scent of arousal, and her finger tasted nice. This was going to be a great night.

Almost on cue, we drove into the hotel parking lot and parked in front of "our" room. I had checked in earlier (remember, I was supposed to be out of town on a business trip) and had dropped off various supplies, including condoms, KY (she might want anal), and a six-pack of cold beer (hey, she ordered it, not me!). I jumped out of the car, walked over to open her door, and led her to our room. As soon as the door was closed, she pinned me against it and smashed her lips against mine.

"I have been looking at your cock all day and I can't believe how horny it made me, but I wouldn't touch myself. Now I want to have it."

After we kissed, she sat on the bed, fully clothed and told me to undress for her. I pulled the red sweatshirt off and she got her first look at my shaved upper body. Everything is shaved except the hair on my arms. "Oh, you even shaved your pits for me! You are going to be my slave, aren't you?"

I simply smiled and began unzipping my jeans. Now that I was on display, my cock had softened and was hanging long and limp when I shed my jeans and socks. I turned around and let her see my shaved stomach, cock, balls and ass. I was truly decked out to slave for her pleasure.

When she had her limit of looking, she stood and told me to "lie on the bed, slave". As I reclined, she removed her blouse, bra and skirt, leaving her panties for the time being. Like I said before, her tits were big and she had extra weight all around, but she was solid, not "flabby" like the classic BBW's that I've seen. Her skin was nice with no "child-bearing" stretch marks. However, her huge tits, the largest I've ever seen, pointed downward, heavy and full, capped by huge dark brown nipples that contrasted nicely with her skin tone. My cock began to show its appreciation.

Sweet plopped down on the foot of the bed and roughly spread my legs, making a bee-line for my cock. When she got there, she seemed to examine me for a long period of time, rubbing her fingers under my shaved balls and moving the skin up and down my shaft. She giggled at the thought of a grown man, shaved bare like a little boy, then she lowered her mouth and ran her hot tongue across my balls, up the main vein of my cock, and around the helmet, which was quickly turning purple with desire. Very slowly, she engulfed me and began the slow head bobbing that has become the universal sign of "cock sucking". While it felt good, I could tell she didn't get into this very much (later I learned that her hubby didn't approve of "oral"). But she was willing to experiment. As soon as I began to feel a little bit too good, I asked her to stop...for I had other plans for my first load of cum.

Again, she followed our email "script" by removing her panties (which were soaked, by now), crawling up the bed, and straddled my head. Then, she very slowly lowered her thick hanging lips toward my waiting mouth. She had a hair patch above her clit, but her lips and everything below was shaved smooth. I love the texture of pussy lips against my tongue! She stayed far enough away so I could just lick and sometimes suck one of them, but she didn't let me near her clit, yet. I just closed my eyes and let my tongue be used for her pleasure. Her slit was dripping by now and I could taste her slippery juice as it ran down her lips into my mouth.

Sweet jumped off of my face and lay beside me, and we spent a few minutes kissing and rubbing against each other. Then, I broke our embrace and began to move down her body with my first "stop" being her big brown nipples. For five minutes, I alternated between them and I sucked, licked and gently bit them until they both stood hard and erect, like little brown cocks on her chest. I can't help it ladies, but this never fails to turn me on like nothing else. If I would have spent any more time giving blow-jobs to the little brown cocks, I would have cum all over her thighs. So I ventured below.

I took my time making my way down to her steaming cunt, but when I arrived, I fucked her with my tongue, as deep as I could reach, while pinching and pulling on her thick lips with both hands. She really started bucking her hips at me by this point, so I decided to reward her with her first orgasm. My tongue darted from her slit to her clit and I attacked her with full force. At the same time, I ran two fingers from my right hand into her slimy, wet cunt, feeling the ridges behind her pubic bone in my attempt to reach and rub her G-spot. It didn't take long before she trapped my hand inside her very tight lips with her thighs and she reached down to hold my head in place...firmly attached to and sucking her clit. It came hard and noisy as she grunted loudly, stiffened and tried to break my nose with her lower body, but I stood firm, held my ground and let her finish. Then, I stopped touching her altogether to let her relax.

By now, my cock was dripping, er, flowing pre-cum and I knew that any attempt at fucking would simply lead to a 30 second ejaculation, so I again followed our script. I climbed up her body and straddled her, just below the tits and began to jack my cock. She flashed a very wicked smile (her first time seeing a guy beat-off) and ran a hand under my balls "to help". It didn't take long before I exploded all over her beautiful brown nipples. 

"Hey Sweet, may I clean your nipples for you?"

She answered by reaching up and grabbing me by the hair. She then led my head down to her breasts and "allowed" me to lick my mess from her chest. For me, this was the ultimate submission, but for her, it was the first time that a man had "given himself" to her (her hubby was a get hard, fuck fast, sweat, cum, and go to sleep kind of guy). She enjoyed the attention that I gave her nipples as I licked her clean. When I finished, I gave her a deep kiss and felt her hips begin to roll...again.

I'm not quite sure how we got around to it, but soon, she was sucking my cock back to life. When it was hard, she simply said "now fuck me."

Always being prepared, I reached onto the nightstand and grabbed my trusty cock ring. I wanted to make the veins bulge so she could feel all of me. At the same time, the cock ring makes me so hard, that it's very difficult to cum. When I wear it, I can usually fuck for 20 minutes to a half hour without spilling a load.

Sweet wanted to start on her back, so she scooted her ass to the end of the bed and I stood on the floor between her legs. After wrapping my now turgid cock, I sliced into her in one stroke, listening to her gasp as I did so. Her legs wrapped around my waist and held me tight against her, inside as far as I could reach.

"I've never felt the heartbeat of a cock" she whispered as she closed her eyes and reached up to pinch and pull her nipples. I just held myself inside of her. I knew from experience with other women that she would tell me when to begin stroking, by relaxing her legs slightly. In the meantime, I softly rubbed the outside of her thighs where they connected to her hips and tried to flex my cock inside of her (guys, you know what I mean...next time you're pissing, stop the flow...it's the same motion and the girls love it). After what seemed like an eternity, she opened her eyes, relaxed her legs just a bit and said "Ok, now fuck me hard!" So I did. I pumped into her for a few minutes until my shaved cock and balls were soaked with her wetness, and she was a gusher. She grunted on every stroke and had it not been for my trusty cock ring, I would have cum just from the sound.

But I didn't cum, in fact, my cock was so hard, it tingled like an arm that had fallen asleep. Just about the time she really began rolling her hips, I pulled out of her and told her to turn over, which she did in a heartbeat. As she rose to her hands and knees, I reached out and playfully slapped her large ass, watching the jell-o like movement of the fat, within. Then, I bellied up to her ass and plunged cock-long back into her cunt. At the same time, I reached for the tube of KY that I had left on the edge of the bed. After squirting a cool dab on her rosebud, I coated a couple of fingers on my left hand. Then, without warning, I plunged my index finger deep into her ass. This is obviously what she was waiting for as she dropped onto her belly and her entire body went stiff with pleasure. I stopped my cock stroking for the moment, trapped deeply inside, but I continued finger fucking her ass...which seemed to be making her very happy.

About this time, I reached down and unsnapped the cock ring, which simply stuck in place, held by our combined sweat and her copious cunt juices. I began thinking about attacking her ass with my cock when the inevitable occurred, I came. 

As soon as I was finished, she turned over on her back and spread her legs. Through some pre-encounter oral agreement, I had obligated myself to clean her with my tongue. I licked everything wet off of her lips and slit while enjoying the taste of our combined juices. Sometime during this process, I remember her surrounding my ears with her warm thighs as she enjoyed her third orgasm. At that point, she simply went limp and I found a towel to clean my face.

Taking her back to the 7Eleven, I wondered if we would have another encounter, although we had vowed not to talk about it in the car (another good pre-meeting agreement to have). She silently exited the car and disappeared into the night. I started to drive home until I remembered that I was supposed to be on a business trip. So I went back to the hotel and plopped down into the bed for a long night of sleep, but not until I had coated my cock with the new "warming" KY Jelly and coaxed another load onto the sheets!

I pity the maid who was tasked with cleaning that room!