 Have you ever felt your body waking, no longer in deep sleep, but your mind is yearning to stay locked in the dream you're in? I've spent the past four months craving Donovan's hands all over my naked body and this dream feels real... If I wake up now I'm gonna need to play with my jewels before I can even begin to start my day. Oh yes... I said what I said! There's as much pleasure doing it for myself than a man doing it for me! I've been single for over a year and in just a few minutes I'd free up any sexual tension I'm feeling and be good to go!!

But I didn't need to work on myself, I realised this was no dream, this was real... A man I adore, he makes me cum right now and his not even inside me yet. I can feel heavy breathing on my neck; his fingers pinch my hard nipples and his hardness pushing against my pussy. I pushed back against his cock and he whisper's in my ear "Damn Michelle, I want you so bad."

I met Donovan close to two months ago. He was queuing up in front of me in Waitrose holding a basket containing healthy groceries you wouldn't catch me consuming. My lunch was a chicken mayo sandwich, prawn cocktail crisps and a bottle of cloudy lemonade; this is as healthy as it gets for me. He looked at me clutching onto my items; handbag over my shoulder, iPhone in hand and applying Carmex to my lips whilst standing in six-inch heels. He smiled at me nonchalantly.

"You don't need a basket for all that?" he asked.

"No, I'm good" I looked away, searching my phone partly for new emails and partly to show disinterest.

"You first..." he said pointing to the available self-check-out till. Alright, he didn't have to tell me twice. I hurried to the till; I had twenty minutes until my next meeting and I was craving caffeine. I paid for my items while sensing his attention on me. I have no time in my life for a man right now and certainly not a man as fine as him! I'm not a woman to be played. These men can't be fucking trusted!

I walked up to the Nero express, the waiter knew me well, "Caramel latte Michelle?" she asked the question, but it didn't need a reply, she was already steaming the milk.

"Card or cash?" I took out my card.

"Cash" huh... the fine (but not for me) guy was holding the cash over my shoulder, handing it to the lady serving me.

I wanted to protest, but that would be causing an unnecessary scene, so I picked up my coffee "Errrm Thanks..." I kept it stepping.

"Hey, Wait! Let me just get 2 minutes of your time," he asked. "You can get one minute. I'm in a rush, so you're going to need to walk and talk!"

He walked beside me. "How do you walk so fast in those heels? Slowdown please." Amused and a little intrigued I stopped. "Listen, I know it's not my place to be approaching, let alone stopping a woman as beautiful as you on her lunch break" his teeth were perfectly aligned, his eyes were shiny and those big shoulders... Damn he was fine!

"But how can I just let such an attractive, sophisticated woman walk by and not at least ask your name? He queried.

"Michelle. And you know, we're in Knightsbridge! Look around you..." I whispered. "Attractive and sophisticated women everywhere..."

"True, very true" he looked around nodding "But I don't want to know they're names, that's the difference Michelle" oh... smooth too! He had my attention "And I know you look at me with all you're your assumptions!" his eyes fixed on mine "But I'm an honest man and I'm just asking for a conversation, on the phone, over dinner, whatever you prefer?"

DONOVAN

I've been dating Michelle for almost four months now and I must admit I hold her in high regard. Everything about her feels right so I'd be a fool to lose this, then what... go back to the strained passionless liaisons I used to deal with?

I've never met a woman who can hold it down like she can, professional career, two kids, nice home and she still makes time for me. That's a one of a kind woman, a man like me needs and can appreciate.

It wasn't long after opening my new Gym that I set eyes on Michelle. I was bored of playing the field with women who had no vision in life or stuck up bitches who think they're pretty looks alone can make me financial support there Gucci obsessions. Nah, a man like me needs unity, real love and intelligence, all the things Michelle possesses.

After 4 months of dating the excitement of spending our first weekend together is real! I'm on route to Islington to collect everything I need to ensure my culinary skills are on point. I'm on a mission to guarantee she has a good time and praying I'll finally see her climax. I've kept it nothing but respectful up until now, but I can't hold out any longer and I want to satisfy her needs as much as I do my own.

Driving back to East, my phone starts ringing. I look at the screen and see it's Candice calling for the third time this morning, I'm ready to switch up on this bitch! How can I make it any clearer I'm not interested!! I answer with the same attitude I've used for the past 6 months "Yo, what do you want Candice, I'm busy!"

"Hi Donovan, listen, I'm moving back in with my parents, there's a bag of clothing and an old mobile and charger you left here months ago. Do you want me to throw them away or can you come and collect them?"

I roll my eyes. I don't have time for this, but I do have a few bits at Candice's place I've been meaning to collect for a while.

"Yeah keep them I'll collect them in a few hours."

I arrived at Candice's block of flats in Hackney around 6 ish. I need to make this fast, I have a delivery at the Gym at 8 pm and I still haven't eaten. Candice opens the door in her nightgown; her presentation is lacking as usual. Don't get me wrong, she looked good when we were introduced by a friend of mine a year back, but I soon found she didn't have any depth or real love of life. I couldn't be down with that. I let her know from the get go that I wasn't interested in a relationship and she let me know she was just looking for a good time. So that's what it was, a mutual sexual interest, I'd drop by every now and again. But I cut that out a few months later when I realised she was catching feelings.

"Come in" she turned and walked into the kitchen. "You been good Candice?" not too fussed whether she replied. She hadn't packed a thing, so I knew instantly she was playing games.

I jumped into my car with my bag of belongings an hour later. I shook my head disappointedly at the mistake I just made. Fuck it, I won't be seeing her again, Michelle made it clear I have one chance and I'm determined to make it work.

MICHELLE

The look on his face made me blush "You look beautiful" he said after observing me attentively. I was feeling both exuberance and anxiety at the thought of the weekend to come.

"Your taking me to watch Chicago?" I asked as we arrived at the Pheonix Theatre. I'd told Donovan over two months ago that I was keen to see this production.

"Yeah baby, you said you wanted to watch it right?" he asked.

"You don't miss a trick" I smiled approvingly.

I really did want to watch the show; the reviews were amazing and a friend of mine was raving about it for weeks. Yet, I hadn't really been watching at all. I felt a teenage butterfly affect just to sit with Donovan, he might as well had been the only person in the room, and when he reached for and held hand my mind was in overdrive.

It's been a while since I've been with a man, but I feel comfortable and well respected with Donovan so I'm just looking forward to the play ending so we can get to his place promptly!

"You know, I've never been to the theatre before so I'm glad you said you wanted to watch this show because I really enjoyed it," Donovan said.

"Well, I'm glad you feel like your experiencing new things because of me," I replied, then realised how that might sound... I looked at Donovan who was wearing a beaming smirk. I didn't correct myself, I have every intention of giving him new experiences anyway.

DONOVAN

I didn't ask Michelle if she was hungry because I didn't want to give any clues to the surprise I had waiting for her. She didn't ask if we're going to eat either, so I just hope she was hungry because I spent all day cooking and arranging the dining area for her.

"Oh Wow!" She looked around the candlelit room in awe "Did you do all this," she asked.

"Yes of course I did, I hope you are hungry."

A while later we took our wine glasses to the sofa and spoke about the play, our jobs, highs and lows of our lives to politics, humanitarian and cultural natures. This is what I loved about being in Michelle's company, the conversations just flowed effortlessly. I was deep into a topic about singularity, I realised I was speaking to much and turned to Michelle. She was fast asleep, I looked at the clock 3.30 am, Damn, time flew tonight. I carried her into my room and laid her on my bed; she was even attractive when sleeping. She opened her eyes as I made my way out of the room.

"Where are you sleeping?" she asked, "On the sofa babe, I have a throw-over I'll be fine in there" I told her.

"No, don't be silly, this is your bed, sleep next to me I don't mind" she tapped my usual side of the bed directionally.

I went to the bathroom to brush my teeth and freshen up, when I came back to the room Michelle was deep in sleep again. I laid next to her, she smelled so good I had to fight every urge I had not to wake her and do what I wanted... more than I want anything right now!

MICHELLE

Have you ever felt your body waking, no longer in deep sleep, but your mind is yearning to stay locked in the dream you're in? I've spent the past four months craving Donovan's hands all over my naked body and this dream feels real... If I wake up now I'm gonna need to play with my jewels before I can even begin to start my day. Oh yes... I said it ladies! There's as much pleasure doing it for myself than a man doing it for me! I've been single for over a year and in just a few minutes I'd free up any sexual tension I'm feeling and be good to go!!

But I didn't need to work on myself, I realised this was no dream, this was real... A man I adore, he makes me cum right now and his not even inside me yet. I can feel heavy breathing on my neck; his fingers pinch my hard nipples and his solid erection pushing against my pussy. I pushed back against his cock and he whisper's in my ear "Damn Michelle, I want you so bad."

I leaned up, took off my top and skirt confidently, I asked, "Is this what you want Donovan?" he nodded and opened his mouth, but no words passed his lips, I had him speechless. I rolled my thighs on him, so my clitoris collided with this hardness "Oh," he moaned. I grind on him until he couldn't take the teasing, then sliding my body down I used my mouth over his erection to motion him to remove his boxers. He removed them fast, eyes on me with anticipation.

His cock was fully erect, long and thick. I licked the bottom, close to his balls, and his hips bucked. I spun my tongue around the head and looked up to his face and smiled. I closed my mouth and worked him back against my tonsils until my lips touched my thumb at the base of his cock. "Ahhhhh, Oh, Baby!" he cried. I pumped my mouth onto him using a comfortable rhythm and met his thrusts when I could, tears welling up in my eyes and rolled down my cheeks. He grabbed my hair and fucked my face with each movement of his hips. Using my wet mouth, lips and tongue, I had him like putty in my hands.

DONOVAN

My mind is racing after the chrome she just gave me, I can't wait to give her what she deserves. I grab her from under her arms and hoist her until she's sitting up against the headboard, holding her up in place with one arm. I kiss and bite softly on her lips and use my other hand to pull at and rip her knickers, making her gasp. I lowered my lips to her neck whilst playing with her and inserted my finger inside, her pussy feels tight, hot and wet. I kiss and growl into her neck while sliding my fingers in and out of her until I feel her cum. I'm meeting her bodies demands, she lifts her hips and moans with the sensations I'm giving her.

Grabbing her waist, I pull her down, lick her erect nipple and make my way down between her legs. Using my tongue to manipulate her pussy I'm taking back control, I lick and suck until I take all her nectar and she asks, "how do I taste baby?"

"You taste as sweet as you look Michelle" I softly bite, lick and motion my tongue in and out of her until her moans are cries. She holds my head and jerks her body, pushing herself against my mouth whilst I penetrate my tongue in and around her.

MICHELLE

I need him inside me now, so I place my hand under his chin and direct him to my face. Wrapping my legs around him, I tug him towards me and roll over until I'm on straddled on top. The sensation of his cock entering me is overwhelming. I hold his arms down, so he can't move them and slid up and down Donovan's dick, taking his complete fullness inside, I'm gyrating down on him feeling all of him side "this feels so fucking good" I tell him. I bounce so his cock is rotating in and almost out of me "Ahhh... you bitch, yes! Ah... ah!" I don't want him to cum yet, so I switch motions and slowly circulate around him.

His expression is crazy hot, I watch the intensity build in him, he can't take no more, and flips me under him. The tension has him in beast mode. "Open your legs," he told me demandingly. I did, he lifts my leg and I splayed over him and Donovan plunges into me. I laced my fingers through my hair; I love how his holding me, how deep his cock sank into me. He took it out and rubbed my wetness all over my swollen clitoris.

Pushing back into me, his motion is rapid, clenching me tight with one hand and slapping my arse with the other "Fuck..." I bucked my hips, but he pushes harder into me.

He growled "You like that, don't you?"

"Oh... Oh, yes" I whimpered, unable to stop repeating the word "Yes, yes, ah yes" with how good it felt. It feels like an electrical current is running through my vagina. I can't move my body; he grabs my neck "gahhhhhh" his lets out a satisfying roar and I feel a pulsating sensation from his cock.

His heart was beating heavily on the hand I placed on his chest. We both fell into a contented sleep. I woke at 6.15am needing a glass of water. I made my way back to lay beside him when his phone buzzed on the chest of drawers next to me. I looked at the screen

'Hi, I just wanted to let you know Thursday was amazing and I hope it's not the last time I see you, Candice xx'

I read it again, huh... I felt sick. Donovan had made me trust and even believe I can love a man again. I felt a mixture of disappointment, rage and sadness that he'd ruined what we potentially could have become.

Making my way home I felt sick, I only had myself to blame. I should never had allowed myself to fall for him. He said and did all the right things, and I fell for his charms like a fool. Never will I trust a man again, another lesson learned!

DONOVAN

I stirred and reached over to feel Michelle, but she wasn't next to me. Maybe she woke and decided to make breakfast, I smiled.

I went to the kitchen and then searched the rest of my apartment. Huh, that's odd... why would she just up and leave like that, weren't we suppose to spend the entire weekend together... Maybe she texted me I thought, she probably had something important come up. I picked up my phone and seen the message on the screen. Damn!! I instantly knew why Michelle had left. The message told her everything, I couldn't deny it, and she doesn't deserve any lies. I just blew my one chance...

"Shit!!" I truly fucked up.