 I just finished pounding the last stake into the ground and hurried to lay out the sleeping bags and pillows into the tent as I looked around to survey my surroundings. Everything looked perfect! The wood was stacked for our campfire, the cooler was set out packed with all the food we needed. My guitar was propped up next to the lawn chairs I had brought. Yes, everything was perfect. 

I sat down and began to daydream about how amazing this little getaway would be. My boyfriend, Alex, had been working such long hours and we needed this time away. The school year would be starting again soon which meant our time together would be even more eaten up with work. I tried to plan each detail carefully to make this trip memorable for both of us. 

I glanced at my phone, he would be here soon I imagined. I refrained from telling him what we would be doing and just insisted that it would be a surprise. Alex is the one of us who always has the surprises up his sleeve and now it was my chance to turn the tables and plan something for him. I plugged the address into his GPS on his phone that morning and told him to call me if he needed further directions. I could not wait to see him and hoped he would have as much fun as I hoped he would. 

Suddenly I heard tires on the gravel path and turned my head to see his jeep coming into view. My lips curved into a slow grin. He was right on time and I stood to greet him as he pulled up to my van. 

He opened his door and hopped out to bound over to me, "What in the world were you thinking not telling me what you had planned? I'm clearly not dressed for camping." His mouth was set into a broad smile with no hint of exasperation, merely surprise.

I looked slowly up his body taking in how handsome he was dressed in his work attire. I noticed the way his dress pants sat low on his hips with his white, crisp shirt tucked neatly in the waistband and how the bright white contrasted with this summer's tan. The fabric fitted nicely over his broad shoulders and toned biceps. The single unfastened button at his throat made me desire to go over and unbutton the rest. 

Smoothing the cotton material over his chest, I rose up on my toes to meet his lips in a single kiss. His lips felt entirely too enticing and I wanted to linger but I had an agenda planned in my head. I pulled my lips away and looked up into his gleaming blue eyes, "Well hello to you too, mister." My mouth turned up at the corners into a bright smile. "Don't you worry your handsome head about anything. I completely have you taken care of."

I turned to reach into my vehicle and pulled out a pair of jeans and a flannel shirt for him to put on. I laid a pair of sneakers on top as I handed the pile to him, "There you go, darling. Go ahead and change and I'll meet you over by the fire. Oh, and I'll try not to peek." Reaching up I laid a soft kiss on his cheek before turning to walk away. 

I just finished starting the fire and waited for the embers to grow warmer as the cool air fanned it. Soon it would be blazing and warm and it would absolutely look brilliant after the sun set. I sat down on a log and looked around just as Alex approached me. Just as I suspected, he looked just as handsome, maybe more so, in his rugged attire. 

"I hope you don't mind, I grabbed one of your flannels to wear too. I was afraid it would get chilly tonight." 

His eyes moved over my clothing and his lips broke out into a teasing grin. "I don't think my shirt ever looked as good on me as it does on you." He sat down, wrapping an arm around my waist and leaned over before whispering in my ear, "Do you really think I'd let you get too cold?"

His slipped under the hem of my shirt to stroke my side. I instantly felt my body warming from the inside out. I turned to press against him and slip my arms around his neck. Pulling his lips to mine as I whispered, "That is such a stupid question." 

The second I felt his lips on mine, I felt his hand moving up my side letting his thumb stroke over the lacy material of my bra. I tilted my head and my fingers tangled into his hair. My lips parted allowing my tongue to search for his. They found one another instantly and began to dance and glide along one another. I felt Alex's hand cupping my entire breast and began kneading my flesh softly. Slipping the cup down with his thumb, he caressed my nipple with his index finger. 

My body did not want to stop but my head made my lips pull away from his. His eyes met mine in a questioning manner. "Honey, I want this night to be perfect. I have planned everything and I just...well, I want..." I heaved an exasperated sigh when the words refused to come out. 

Alex chuckled and tipped my chin up to have my eyes meet his, "Baby, it doesn't matter what we do, you and I both know, it will be perfect. I understand though." 

He smoothed my bra back into place and, reluctantly, pulled his hands away from my body. Running the pad of his thumb over my lower lip, he sat back and smiled reassuringly, "So, tell me what you have planned."

I glanced into his captivating eyes as I began to explain what our evening would entail, "Something I loved as a kid were those "choose your own adventure" books. Do you remember those?"

He thought for a moment and nodded but all he could utter was, "Uh-huh." I could tell he was pondering where this might be going. 

"Okay, think of this date as a choose your own adventure." Grinning up at him, I added, "I hope you don't mind hotdogs...don't worry I brought ketchup." I winked up at him as I handed him a stick. 

He smiled widely enough so the corners of his eyes crinkled a bit, "Sounds wonderful... fire, some hot dogs. Wait, I have to cook my own?" He chuckled knowing my kitchen skills leave a lot to be desired. 

"Fine fine...give me your stick", I muttered while biting back a laugh. I watched his eyes as I chewed my lower lip. I sensually wrapped my hand around his stick holding it firmly. He gulped a bit then shook his head. I raised my eyebrows, speared two hot dogs, and held them to rest over the flames.

I scooted my body closer to him, close enough to catch his masculine scent. I whispered seductively, "And while I do this, your first choice...coffee or hot chocolate?"

He chuckled once more, "Your stick handling caused my heart to flutter a little. I'll go with hot chocolate. Your date is fun...so far." He threw me a glance that made my face instantly warm into a reddened blush. He grabbed my knee and gave it a soft squeeze. 

After propping up the stick between two rocks to let them cook for themselves, I turned to touch his cheek and nudged his lips to meet mine is the softest of kisses. I love how easily things were between him and me. There has always been such a calm, playful aura that makes being with him comfortable. 

"Okay, I'm going to get our drinks but I'm not getting up twice. So for dessert...s'mores? Or campfire chocolate bananas?"

He took my kiss and returned it eagerly, "Hmm... that's too bad... I like watching you get up.

I laughed heartily while my eyes gleamed, "So what'll it be?"

As I turned to walk away, he grabbed my ass giving it a little pinch that caused me to jump. "S'mores, I love 'em. I'll watch the hot dogs."

I whirled around to meet his eyes and stole one more kiss before I moved away to rustle through our things. I grabbed a thermos, two buns topped with our individual condiments, graham crackers, chocolate bars, marshmallows, my acoustic guitar, and a blanket.

Juggling everything, I gingerly walked back to our spot. Planting myself beside him, I handed him his bun and placed everything else beside me."

"Your hand was on my bun... I like that," he chuckled as he watched my eyebrows rise up. 

"Oh really, well my hands are going to be on more than just your bun tonight, baby," I winked and it was his turn to have his eyebrows rise.

He coughed slightly and changed the subject, "A guitar? Do you play? I know you sing."

"I play enough to get by. I practice a song over and over until I know it well enough," I explained as I picked up the stick to turn it over finishing our hot dogs. I turned to him and tapped his off the stick into his bun trying not to burn my fingers. I then pressed my body against his arm to kiss his lips slowly. I slid my hand over his chest, slipped my fingers inside his shirt between the buttons, and quickly pulled away. "Okay enjoy your hot dog," I grinned teasingly up at him.

I watched him shiver from the brief contact. "Your kiss leave me gasping and wanting more but I suspect I'll need my strength, so I better eat," he spoke softly then leaned over to whisper, "By the way, you feel good, April. I like how you touch me...and feed me."

I opened the thermos to pour cocoa into the lid and set it on the other side of him. I wrapped the blanket around our shoulders making only the briefest contact, picked up my guitar, and started to strum softly. I met his eyes, letting him see all the emotion they could speak, "Just listen to the words...they are perfect for us."

His eyes never left mine, as my voice began to hum softly. My eyes closed as I sang out words of comfort, of love, of being more secure in his arms than I have ever felt. My heart beat more quickly as I felt his eyes still on me. 

As the song came to an end, I knew he understood. He smiled and applauded, "That was sweet April."

I blushed softly and set the guitar back down beside me. 

"Okay...enough singing." I leaned closer to whisper in his ear, "While I make the s'mores, you decide the next part...hiking...swimming...or night fishing?" 

As I unwrapped everything I needed, he pondered aloud, "Hiking? Well not at night. Swimming? I guess it would be some skinny dipping. Fishing? Tempting, very tempting but I don't want worm guts on my fingers and then touch you... or vice versa."

I countered back, "One, I brought flashlights. Two, yes it would be skinny dipping. Three, I brought hand-sanitizer. So, all options are available."

I slipped the marshmallows on the stick and propped it up high enough between the rocks so they would not burn. 

Before starting on dessert, I climbed into his lap and straddled his hips. Suddenly unable to keep my lips from his, I wrapped my arms wrap around his neck.

"Good. I was getting hungry for more kisses. My appetite for love is ravenous tonight," he whispered huskily.

Between kisses he muttered, "Skinny dipping, definitely," before pulling me closer and letting his lips devour mine.

While my lips were under his, I gasped, "Skinny dipping? Over fishing?" My lips spread into a grin against his. 

"I like to surprise you sometimes," he answered as he grabbed my ass and squeezed while we kissed. 

Only then did I pull my lips away and kissed his nose quickly before moving my lips back to his and then delved back into his lips. While his tongue stoked mine, I reached down and fiddled with the graham crackers. I unwrapped the chocolate bars and broke them in half as I pushed my body closer to his. I rested each square of chocolate on a graham cracker as my legs wrapped around his waist.

He murmured barely audibly, "You are quite coordinated to be making s'mores and kissing me at the same time." His strong hands pulled me closer to him allowing my pelvis to grind against his.

I gasped at the suddenly feel of his arousal starting to grow and groaned lowly against his lips, "You need to eat."

Breaking our kiss, I turned only my torso away to grasp the stick, running my hands carefully up it watching his eyes. I picked up the chocolate laden graham cracker and another naked one to sandwich a marshmallow between them. Turning back to him, I watched his eyes smolder as my mouth formed a small circle and I began to blow gently on his dessert.

He chewed his lower lip, "How is it that you turn making s'mores into a sexual seduction? Oh yes, it's you" 

I saw the hunger growing in his eyes and could tell how hungry he was becoming...for much more than a s'more. I slipped my lips to his and kissing him slowly but let my tongue tangle with his. I pulled away and my breath staggered as I placed the cooled treat to his lips.

He took a big bite of the s'more letting it crunch and crack in his mouth while the chocolate and marshmallow oozed out and dripped all over his mouth and chin. 

As I watched him savor his dessert, I sucked in a breath, "Anything can be a sexual seduction...especially between us." Watching him chew softly, I swiped my index finger over his lower lip to wipe away the trace of chocolate. Then I slipped the pad of my finger between my lips to lick it off. 

I leaned in to whisper, "Your next decision...underclothes...or no underclothes...while we swim." I flicked my tongue softly at his chin while I awaited his answer. 

He moaned gently, "mmm I like it when your mouth is on me ... licking up the sweetness from my chin." Lost in the moment, he added, "Oh April, that's an easy one... completely nude.

I moved my lips to the curve of his neck while flexing my hips in his lap and, finally, tugged on his earlobe. Whispering as my tongue stroked the edge of his ear, "Have you had enough to eat? Or do you need more?"

With a sigh he responded, "Can I have s'more?"

Moving my hands over his shoulder blades with my nails digging through his shirt, I replied, "Baby, you can have all you want." I turned to make him another dessert.

He grabbed my wrist and buried his lips in the curve of my neck. Nibbling wildly before letting his tongue lewdly assaulted my throat, he explained "No, I have an appetite for you...s'more of you." He then pulled my mouth to his and, bit my lower lip, and sucked on my tongue before pulling away and adding, "That will hold me...for a while."

Being so entranced in the moment, I gasped for air and leaned my forehead against his. My breath staggered, "So, how about we swim. Or do you need time to let your dinner settle?"

He met my eyes, "Oh no, I'm ready." He reached to unbutton my shirt. "We have to get properly undressed for nude night swimming."

I began to unfasten his buttons as well. I glanced away from his eyes to his freshly exposed skin. My eyes moved back to his eyes, then to his chest. I began undoing the last one then slid my fingers up his chest, over his shoulders, and, finally, down his arms to rid him of the fabric. My fingers slid down his chest and to rest on his torso as my lips moved to press kisses over his collarbone while my index finger encircled his nipple. My teeth nipped salaciously at his nipple before pulling away.

He quickly shrugged out of his shirt and worked with mine to expose my upper body. I slid off his lap and stepped aside to unfasten my shorts. I glided them down my hips to fall on the ground before I stepped out of them. 

He reached around to unclasp my bra and slid the straps off my shoulders while I was standing in front of him. I felt his strong arms reach around to pull me close enough to allow his tongue to poke through his lips to tease my nipples. I gasped libidinously the second his tongue began swirling and arched my back giving him more. Just as he started to suck on one, his hands moved to find the waistband of my panties and slid them down over my hips to slip to the ground. 

My fingers eagerly moved to the front of his pants to, deftly, unfasten and unzip them. Slipping my fingers to the opening, I began running my knuckles over his cock wantonly. As he stood up his jeans dropped to the ground. Reaching down to cup my pussy then squeeze it firmly in his hand, he whispered in my ear, "Ready for a swim my naked lover?" 

I gasped as he slid his index firmly between my slit as my arms wrapped around his neck pulling my body closer. I knew if we continued, we would never get to swim. I moaned against his ear, "I have never been more ready to swim...for you." He smiled a knowing smile as I pulled away causing his drenched finger to slip from me. 

I grinned up at him, "Let's go." With that I took off jogging toward the lake but made a quick turn to yell, "Grab the blanket!"

As I sprinted, I looked back to watch him bounding after me. When I reached the shore, I kicked off my shoes and hopped in quickly. My legs splashed water until I was up to my knees. I shouted, teasingly as he was ridding himself of his sneakers, "Come on slow poke!" 

As I turned and continued to wade out deeper, I felt his strong arm come around my waist as he playfully caused us both to tumble into the water. We both came up sputtering and laughing. Through my giggles, I stammered as I planted my feet on the ground, "Thanks for trying to drown me, mister!" I turned and splashed him as I as I backed away until I was only treading water.

He followed me out while pushing water at me and commented, "But you look cute all wet." I giggled and he chuckled until his strong arm came around my waist, dragging me to him. He growled in my ear, "You planned a pretty good date, baby."

I grinned back at him with a wink, "We could have gone fishing or hiking; but, I'm pretty sure we still would have ended up naked."

He rolled his eyes and flashed me a dazzling grin in response, "Yes, imagine that, us naked." His voice lowered, "but the water feels good...and so do you."

Our laughing died down the moment our eyes met and in that instance our looks shifted from joking as they grew serious and lusty. My arms wrapped tightly around his shoulders and I glanced up into the moonlight taking in its beauty. As my gaze moved back to his, I noticed how the moonlight made them gleam as they darkened from his growing desire. 

Without warning, his mouth came down on mine hard. His lips crushed mine underneath his and I felt his teeth bruising my lips while his tongue found mine. With firm strokes our tongues danced perfectly. We kept tilting our heads until our lips sealed and took turns tongue fucking each other's mouths. 

I gasped between our kisses while my arms tried to anchor myself around his shoulders. His lips ignited a fire deep inside of me. My nails dug into his shoulder blades as my legs wrapped around his waist possessively. Pulling myself in against him, I felt the water swoosh from in between us. His right hand slid down to grasp my ass and pull me in even more tightly. In the warm water, I could feel his dick nudging my mound voraciously. 

I reached my left hand in between us to wrap my small hand around his shaft as my right anchored tightly across his shoulders. Squeezing him as I moved my fisted hand up and down his length, I felt him growing, getting thicker in my palm. Moaning against his lips, he slid his left hand down to cup my pussy. He squeezed momentarily before slipping his thumb to torture my clit. The second he felt me raise my body up, he slid his middle finger inside and pulled his lips from mine to murmur in my ear, "I love when you're wet...inside and out."

I wound my right arm snugly around his neck as I buried my nose into the right side of his neck. Nuzzling my forehead into the crook, I concentrated on us stroking each other. I let go of his firm cock and slid my hand to the back of his head as my lips moved to find his. Just before we kissed, I whispered, "It's been a few days, baby."

Before he could answer, my lips claimed his and our tongues began to war. The intensity kindled my inner fire even stronger as my thighs spread and my pelvis pushed against his, sandwiching his hand between our bodies. 

He gasped, "A few days? Since what?"

I sputtered as my tongue lasciviously tortured his in hungry, devouring kisses, "Since you were inside of me where you belong."

He groaned audibly and took that as his cue for his fingers to leave me. He moaned, "Yes, I wanted to hear you say that. Let's remedy that two day problem." 

He then grasped himself and rubbed his engorged cock up and down between my pussy lips. As we bobbed in the water, he guided his head to where it should be, where I needed him. As he did this, his tongue overtook mine, exploring and piercing my mouth. 
