 There have been those nights when everything is just right - the mess of clothing gathered from the rail naturally going well together, and just hanging so perfectly-right for that particular mood of the moment. Those days always swept me along as if for the ride, starting with looking casually at the mirror on the way out - seeing myself stood there, edgy enough to stand apart, ensuring that I'd be an instant focus, or at least the most interesting visible-stock in any bar. It's no boast, but interesting gets the conversation going better in certain places - so Byronesque in black with a short-clipped Mohawk, definitely qualify in that respect – and on those nights, I have generally walked back out into the night, with company to share more than some conversation with.

Other days of course, just didn't gel at all, not because I was trying so hard that it was painful for others to watch – but simply that the ladies weren't ready to bite just then, or take the morsel dangling there casually before them.

Nor do I pretend to understand all the terms of attraction – I value my sanity too much, and so carry on in my own way - sometimes being lucky, sometimes not. But having said that, the illogical exceptions do hold a fascination for me…I mean those times when you just walk right into a kiss, one that comes at you from out of the sun, unseen, unexpected, and unbelievable.

The most memorable had been three days before my last move to another city – on a six month placement – and perhaps that said it all really, regarding the why of how it all happened.

As is traditional, several of my friends, acquaintances, and various peripheries all agreed to gather that night in our favorite meeting spot, Mac's Cool Bar, having decided to share a few good beers in even better company – it was just an adieu, after all. We had the expected good time, ending innocently enough with three of us, then just two; myself and an absolutely stunning lady I'd met several weeks, (and four days, three hours and twelve minutes, or so) before.

She wanted to call into the local wine-bar for a final coffee – and even though it was apparent by then that nothing further was going to happen between us, I agreed. Odd that, I remember thinking at the time - an offer of coffee without meaning something else other than coffee, but having had a few beers, I decided not to say anything stupidly smart. It was no problem, we'd all had a good night together anyway, so I was happy to simply extend the evening and its conversation.

A little later, I got the warning pangs of a bad headache stalking me – a sure sign of fatigue – so with regret and a bit of melodrama, I explained about the headache, and bade the new mixture of company a very good conclusion to the evening; feeling in my bones that by leaving her behind, one of them would get just that - no more than he hoped, but way more than he probably expected.

‘Wait a minute, and I'll walk as far as my car with you.' Her words were unexpected, and that huskiness caught me every time I heard it, giving me a tightening twinge where it's nice.

I smiled a little wanly, looking as pale as I felt: ‘Thanks, but you stay – have fun in my absence - drink a toast to the bravely fallen hero.' Despite my misgivings for leaving her in the present company, and what my feelings said about where that would lead, I didn't want to be responsible for dragging her away from that chance – even if it meant depriving myself of her company for a few more minutes. ‘We could do the coffee thing tomorrow or Monday though.'

‘It's no problem, I really have to be going too – so I might as well leave and walk with you.'

Subjective seconds later, we were both outside, her showing nursely concern for my condition as we strolled gently up the late-night street, still thronged and at full-bore with a scattered flow of crowds heading out clubbing, or off for a few cans more at an impromptu party.

Making the three minute walk in ten, we arrived at her car – denoted as hers by a proud pat on the roof as she turned back to face me: ‘Here we are, and here's my baby. Thanks for a beautiful evening by the way – and it's certainly a lovely bar - I'll have to go in there again to keep your seat safe and warm against your return.'

I smiled quirkily, keeping my hands in my coat pockets by force of will: ‘Thanks to you in turn for showing up - y'know, I didn't really expect it.' I smiled again.

‘How could I not come, after you asked me. It was a warm welcoming to the group, in a strange sort of way. It made me feel a part of it all for the first time since I started coming.'

I felt a little caught out by that, as if just turning the page to discover my version of the script was somehow missing a few passages – had I been that obvious in my inviting her? I thought quickly back over the scene at the time.

‘Have you far to go from here? I can give you a lift if you direct me, and if it's eastwards of course.' Her light laugh and change of tack cut into the incipient pause before it could become a significant one.

‘No, you're fine. I'm off south, and it's only a ten minute amble from here.'

‘What, back the way we've just come?'

I shrugged lightly and nodded: ‘The extra walk has done me good - and I could hardly leave you to come out here alone - now that wouldn't have been fair.'

‘Ahhh…thanks.' And just like that, we were hugging like the oldest of friends soon to be parted for the first time. It was strange - I hadn't even noticed my arms moving to where I felt them now - around her waist. She completed the moment with a pleasing sigh into my shoulder.

Drawing back after a moment, turning my face to look her in the eye as I did so, I saw her do the same - then everything smoothed down into that electric slow-motion state of realization, and anticipation…synchronizing into a kiss that melted body into body. I was in slight shock, mind numbed into a thought-free place, but my senses were all on full alert and roaring, blood rushing in response to the sudden adrenaline flood - it's noise counter-pointed by the tickle of breath, felt with light, accompanying shivers dancing across my ear-lobe.

Our embrace grew tighter still, thighs and bellies pressing with equal-matched pressure of eagerness against each others' – the difference, my erection between us growing in one smooth-flow down into the vale under her Mons Veneris, clearly pointing to where he wanted to go. Her hands were roving over my back and neck, rasping over the short-shorn stubble of the shaven parts – mine in turn, were in the small of her back, and on the upper slope of her behind, holding them with gentle pressure and making light stroking motions that drew the breaths deeper, and in more rapid succession from her.

For all the passion and wordless need being expressed, our lips were still softly touching, sweet, firm jello, counter-pointed by her darting tip of a cool, hard tongue, playfully sparring with mine in light familiarity.

A moment…an hour later, we parted to look at each other. ‘Oh – why now, when I'm about to go away?' I groaned in a stage whisper, as I gave her another quick hug.

‘It's a magical moment, just let it take us where we want – I didn't expect this either…or for such passion from you.' She still sounded a little surprised as she murmured it, and I laughed lightly. ‘Yeah, the hair does tend to give another impression.' She squeezed me back, and we went into another kiss, slower, more pointed, and her hand slid down my side - flowing around to follow my full erection down to its tip, giving that a light squeeze too. Her teeth nibbled my lips, and with a deft stroke, her tongue licked between them, in a way that made me harder still.

‘I can't stay all night, but I'll come back to your place for a while.' I hadn't asked, but I wasn't going to point that out - so we got in her car, and I directed her to my flat.

Everyone else was thankfully asleep by then, and I was able to get us comfortable without all the extra considerations involved with needing to be polite to flat-mates. A kiss in the living room, another in the kitchen lead us quickly to the bedroom – and another kiss; this time without jackets or the constraints of others' ribaldry on the street to distract us.

With slow and gentle moves, we spent some time getting to know each other, first through then under our clothing – which having become superfluous, came off. First was her red top, and with no bra to slow things down, I could look on her in just skin-tight stretch fabric leggings, her pale skin pearlescent against the black. Ash-blond hair curled long and endearingly in different ways around each breast, caught on nipples dark and rigid with expectation. I was the first to be fully naked though, needing to release him from the tight jeans where he was wedged very long and hard, trapped immovably down the leg between fabric and thigh. In a kneeling position before her, I eased them carefully down over him, and freed he came smoothly upwards as the last dammed up suffusion of blood rushed into place. She rose up too on one elbow, and took him in her other hand, mouth lightly enveloping only the tip with that lovely, soft wetness that is so sweet a feeling – then drawing me back down with her and sucking lightly, her tongue tickled at me lightly down the underside in slow envelopment.

Taking him out, she placed a soft kiss on the tip: ‘Hello there beautiful.' It wasn't me she was talking to, 'that's enough for now, but behave yourself and I promise you more later.'

I took my cue and replaced him with my own lips on hers, moving them with kisses slowly along jaw-line, then down the smooth arc of her neck and into the clavicle hollow - taking my time there, I built her closed-eyes moans to where I wanted them - one with each breath. Satisfied that I had her full attention on where my lips were slowly going, I took them on a trek of discovery over her soft upper slopes, then higher around the trembling peaks, and then down ever so slowly onto the sloped valley of her belly.

Moving ahead of them, my hands gently caught the waistband and rolled it lower, just in advance of where those kisses would fall, tacking across and then back again in prolongment of pressure-pleasure. Nibbling on her fine hairs as they became exposed to the air of my room, I concentrated on pulling the last of the barrier down away from her prize, sending an unexpected dart of my tongue down into the tight cleft between fabric and over her moist clitoris in a controlled slide – she moaned and bucked with a light spasm. I withdrew my tongue and struggling in disharmony to help me, she got he leggings and entangled slip off, opening her legs smolothly under me.

I could smell her light scent and knew she was very wet, but despite the kick of knowing that, I still wanted her wetter, so that I could slide into her all the way, without having to take it by inch-at-a-time stages of introduction.

Sliding my hands lightly from her waist down to her smooth and slender hips, I sank onto my forearms for the last approach. Leading my kissed down just alongside her lips, I focused on licking the moisture away as I went, but not touching the really sensitive petals of her flower, or its bud. Then I climbed back up the other side in a repeat performance, by which time she was moaning and writhing in an attempt to get me where she wanted – I had her in a good immobilizing grip though, and took my time, just loving her complaining whimpers.

Drawing back, I blew lightly down between her ass cheeks, along the anus - then up over her pubes, having become charged by release from constriction under her panties, and now enjoying the freedom of air. Lowering my head, I flicked long eyelashes several times across her clit - the surprise move making her grunt and jerk again with involuntary response – after which, the next thing she felt was my tongue go into a holding pattern around and around it – drawing her focus back and leading us onto where we were now going.

I tasted her in such a way, and knew that she must have come just then, her moisture washing in little waves onto my tongue as I took it down between her lips, extending it as far inside as I could reach. My upper lip pressed in this way just above the hood of her clit, raising it in further swelling, knowing the blood could not escape back out again - so I teased at it very gently, sucking on her mini-erection and that got her panting again.

Focusing on taking her back up to a proper orgasm, I listened to the rising chorus of moans and little cries as they built in tell-tale expression of how close she was. Then she went silent, thighs clamping my neck hard, hands gripping my head into immobility - calves hooked over my back, as she arched upwards with her pelvis, lifting me with it. I shifted position and delivered the last few deliberate strokes of my tongue, held at the apex of a triangle she'd made from our two linked bodies.

Her orgasmic cry was almost a voiceless wail, and came from as deep within her as the tremors of release themselves – she slowly eased off the pressure with her thighs, and her hands went into a limp stroking of my poor abused neck and head - strength returning to her movements slowly, in proportion to the calming of her breathing.

Wordlessly she released me as her thighs relaxed and opened fully - with her feet at my waist, she drew me forward – achieving that wonderful sensation of a perfect, unguided entry. Without thought or effort, finding my nirvana as she enveloped me in the way I'd hoped, in one long smooth-slide of hard flesh entering the warm-wetness of a blissful, ready softness.

Keeping it gentle still, I lifted myself up on extended arms, so that I could slowly but implacably thrust to the maximum of my length, feeling her cervix rubbing past the tip with every inward slide. Letting it build naturally, I shifted through a few variants of the same position, before ending in a close clutch of a warm hug - rocking over her with my thrusts moving her clit up and down in time to our mutual thrusts.

I could feel her cheeks flushed and hot with orgasmic build up, as well as our closeness - and that sent me over the top - speeding the pace as all pretence at control was lost in the moment. I began thrusting harder, hearing her cries rising along with my need to flood her.

With muscles tight, I held her and sped the last of my energy from me into a focused peak of effort, feeling the inner itch turn to that wondrous moment of calm, just before the storm - when everything gets drenched.

At my last thrust, held deep inside her, she gripped me and came again – the heat of her juices enveloping me, and calling my own out to join hers.

Needless to say, the rest of the night was taken up with more of the same – both of us seizing the moment to the full, until daylight drove her away again – home, to sleep before work that night, and leaving me to lie there, wondering if any of it could really have happened.