 The air was heavy with the humidity and the heat was unbearable. There was no breeze to stir the drooping leaves on the trees outside the open window. Even the crickets' and frogs' usual cacophony was subdued. Moonlight slanted across the restless woman on the bed. She dozed fitfully, all the time aware of the thick air, the damp sheets, the discomfort. She had fled the city right after work, not even bothering to go to her apartment before she left. She had hoped that a breeze coming off the lake would provide some relief but what little there was came from the wrong direction and was blocked by the thick trees surrounding the cabin on three sides. Sweat coated her naked body as she rolled from her side to her back, arms and legs flung wide. Beads of perspiration, caught in the thick mat of curls between her legs glistened in the moonlight. She startled to full wakefulness, noting a difference in the room, a new sound. Lying still, she listened, fear flooding through her as she recognized the sound of breathing coming from the shadowed corner of the room.

"Is someone there?" 

"Don't be afraid. I won't hurt you", came the whispered reply. 

"What are you doing in here?" 

"Do you know how beautiful you are, lying there? I was only going to watch you for a while and not disturb you. But when you turned and I saw your beautiful breasts and wet mound, any hope of that was lost. I'm sorry I frightened you. Let me make it up to you." 

"No, just leave me alone. Please," she begged. 

"I can't do that. You're so hot and uncomfortable. Let me help you." 

The voice was deep and soothing, and, in spite of her fright, she found herself wanting to hear more. 

“What? You can control the weather, make the temperature drop?” 

A deep chuckle rumbled from his corner. "Ahhhh. You'd be surprised what I can do." 

The sound of him rising from the chair and moving toward the bed sent spears of electricity throughout her body, and she wasn't sure whether it was fear or excitement. 

He stepped into the moonlight but his face remained in shadow. Just his shirtless torso and lower body were visible to her. Her mouth went dry as she noticed his broad chest covered with dark hair that traveled down his flat abdomen and into the top of his cut-off jeans. Unable to stop them, her eyes continued their downward route over the bulge straining the zipper and down his thickly muscled thighs. 

"Like what you see?" 

Embarrassed, she looked away and, suddenly remembering her nudity, grabbed the damp sheet to cover herself. 

"No, don't," he said, snatching the sheet away. "Its too hot for that." Fear shot through her again as he sat on the edge of the bed. She noticed for the first time that he held a large, insulated drink cup in his hand. He removed the lid and reached inside. Turning toward her, he touched her for the first time and she gasped at the contact between the ice cube he held in his hand and the hot skin of her abdomen. Goosebumps crawled across her skin, just ahead of his hand as it moved up between her breasts and over either side of her neck. The ice left a trail of cool water as he circled first one breast then the other with the ice, coming to the edge of the areola but no farther and she felt her nipples harden with their desire for its touch. Her fear forgotten, a moan escaped her lips as he bent over her, taking one nipple into his mouth and sucking on it while running the ice cube over the other. The contrast between hot and cold almost put her over the edge and she sobbed out loud as he abruptly pulled away and stood up. He quickly unzipped his cut-offs and stepped out of them as he again dipped into the cup of ice. She lay gasping on the bed, eyes half closed as she noted his large cock, finally unfettered, jutting from the bed of dark curls at his groin. Reaching out, she stroked the silky skin, from the base to the head, wiping the bead of pre-cum from the tip with her finger. This time it was he who moaned as she put her finger to her lips and her tongue snaked out, lapping up the milky drop. He stretched out beside her and, beginning at her naval, started a new trail of ice, down her lower abdomen, across her mound and down first one leg, then the other. She opened her legs to him as he ran the ice up the inside of one thigh, across her outer lips, now wet with more than perspiration and ice, and down the other. 

"Are you cooler now?" he whispered in her ear, just before he sucked the lobe into his mouth. She shuddered as he blew his warm breath over her wet earlobe. 

"No, I'm still on fire," she moaned. 

"Hmmmm, let me see if I can find out where," he chuckled and she almost screamed as he drew the ice cube up between the lips of her pussy and over her throbbing clit, rubbing the hard nub rapidly with the ice. The freezing ice on her clit was almost painful at first but pain soon gave way to unbearable pleasure and this time she did scream as she crashed over the edge into one of the most incredible orgasms she'd ever experienced. 

"Oh, Baby, you're so beautiful when you cum," he murmured into her ear. 

Still trembling from her orgasm, she mustered enough strength to roll him over onto his back and then lay across him, reaching over the side of the bed and taking an ice cube from the cup. She kissed him for the first time as she ran the ice over his chest, over first one nipple then the other and followed the dark line of hair down to his groin, first with the ice, then with her tongue. He watched her, his breathing fast and hard, almost panting, as she stopped briefly, taking the ice into her mouth while she stroked his balls. Then, she quickly replaced the ice with his throbbing cock, and sucked hard as she massaged his balls and the smooth area between his sac and his anus with the ice cube. Sensing he was nearing his climax, she slipped what remained of the ice cube into his anus, causing him to call out hoarsely, nearly sitting up in the bed. When he had recovered somewhat, he reached down for more ice, finding only a couple of small slivers left he reached between her legs and pushed them into her dripping pussy then pulled her over to straddle him, impaling her on his rock hard cock. He moaned at the combination of fire and ice and called out as she rocked on him. His moaned brought her close to the edge again and as he thrust up into her, she increased her rhythm until they were both bucking like some wild bronco. She came first, soaring over the brink and the clamping of her inner muscles caused him to follow her quickly, both crying out in unison. She collapsed on top of him, his softening penis still twitching inside and his arms circling her. They lay like that until their breathing had quieted then he stroked the hair back from her face, lifted her head and kissed her gently. 

"How'd you like my surprise, Hon?" he murmured. 

"I thought you weren't going to be home until Wednesday," she whispered, tears streaming down her face. 

"I told them I'd be back on Monday... had something I had to take care of at home. I left a message on the machine, but when I got there, I could tell you hadn't been home. I figured you'd be here." 

"Good thing my boyfriend left early, I guess," she grinned, winking at him. 

He growled as he slapped her bare ass hard. Squealing, she jumped off the bed and ran out the door toward the lake. He was right behind her and, tackling her just as she reached the edge of the water, they both went under. Coming up, sputtering and laughing, they kissed.

It was obvious to the owl in the tree by the edge of the lake they weren't done playing games yet.