 My second erotic story, also the follow up to my original. I think this is quite a bit better than my first attempt, and I hope you feel the same. So sit back and enjoy.

"How's the pasta?" Nikki asked, taking a sip of her Merlot, her face bathed in the soft glow of the candlelight. I swallowed the mouthful of rotini I had been chewing and wiped my lips with the white napkin.

"Excellent. Almost as good as mine. "I smiled, replacing the napkin on the table. She reflected my smile and pushed another spoonful of the tomato-covered spirals into her mouth. Her ruby red lips glistened in the dimly lit dining room of her modest two-story home as she slowly chewed the pasta, savouring it. She closed her eyes and let out a little sigh of approval at her meal. "I just love sun-dried tomato sauce. What recipe do you use?" I asked her as she placed her utensils on her empty plate. 

"Oh, some celebrity recipe out of TV guide. I forget which celebrity, but I think it was some empty headed hunk who has all his food made by four star chefs." She dabbed her napkin across her luscious lips.

"Well, that certainly narrows the field." I downed the last of my wine and began gathering my dishes. It had been nearly three weeks since my chance first encounter with Nikita Arkeyedov on that hot July day, when we both very romantically slammed into each other on our bicycles. We had become very good friends since then, and great lovers. We shared a romantic evening with each other each Saturday, much deserved after a long week of work for both of us. I was the manager of a local video-game store, and she was a fitness instructor at the YMCA. Brains and brawn, I chuckled to myself as I opened the dishwasher and lined my plates into the metal bars. Nikita was far from being an airhead, though. 

She had a bachelors degree in philosophy, not to mention an educational degree and her fitness training. I bumped the dishwasher door shut with my knee and turned the dial to "normal load". I stood in the kitchen for a moment, staring out the window above her sink at the dark night sky. There were very few clouds, and the bright stars bore brightly against the black canvas of the sky. The moon was full, casting a soft grey glow across the suburban neighborhood. I checked my watch. Nearly ten o'clock. Many houses were darkened, save for a few golden windows that flickered with the blue haze of TV screens. Aside from a few cars parked in the driveways of their owners, the streets were deserted and silent. There was the occasional chirrup of a cricket or two, but aside from that, the night was serenely quiet. 

"Yo, Jason, are you going to join me or what?" Nikkita popped her head around the division between the living room and the kitchen. I snapped out of my daze and turned away from the window. 

"Yeah, I'm coming. I was just admiring the... beauty of the night." I raised my arms and curled my fingers, bearing my teeth and doing my best Dracula impression. Nikki giggled and walked over to me, swaying her hips seductively and licking her lips. She was wearing a tight leather mini-skirt, one of my favourites, that she only wore for me when we were dining together. She also wore a white blouse that was unbuttoned at the top, giving me an eyeful of cleavage. She was wearing a lacy white bra under the thin white fabric, the intricate patterns clearly visible through the cotton. She wrapped herself around me, lifting her right leg up to rub against my thigh. "Ahh, my dear, you have a most beautiful neck..."I leaned forward and began to nibble on the side of her tanned neck. She craned it to one side to allow me to lick and nuzzle her creamy flesh.

"Mmmm. Now now, save some of your energy for later, Count." She pulled away from me just as my penis began to swell in my black dress-pants. She turned and went back into the living room, beckoning for me. I obliged and followed her, gazing at her tight, round ass as she slowly walked, knowing that I would have to be patient, for Nikita hated to be rushed. She proceeded to her television and opened her video stand, scanning the array of cassettes and DVD cases. "What would you like to play tonight?"She asked, as I seated myself on her leather sofa. 

"Oh, something violent. Preferably with shooting." She ran her fingers along the row of plastic containers and stopped on a blue one, drawing it out of the stand. 

"Unreal Tournament it is." She opened the case and pushed the tray release button on her Playstation 2 console perched atop her TV. The DVD tray slid out with a gentle whir, and she placed the disk into place. She tapped the button again, and it slid back into the dark unit. She grabbed the remote and hit a few buttons, and a blue screen appeared on the television She turned on the Playstation 2 and scooped up the two black controllers, handing one to me as she sat down next to me on the couch. 

We were both video-game fanatics, Nikki being fortunate enough to nab one of the infamous PS2s when they were released. I only had a simple Dreamcast unit, on top of my gaming computer, but there was no need to buy a Playstation, seeing how I had hers to play with. We both watched the screen as the titles flashed by, and we both selected our characters. What a sight we must have been, I chuckled to myself. A beautiful woman and her boyfriend sitting on a sofa, playing video-games at night in our dress-clothes. Not that I could complain. The shootout began, and we both began frantically tapping buttons and control sticks as we raced through the environment, pumping each other full of lead and plasma at every opportunity. 

"Boy, this is bloody hard to control with a freaking gamepad." I said, as she blew me into a geyser of body parts and pulpy blood with a rocket. "I'd prefer the PC version to this one anyday." I popped back into the game after a moments delay, back from the dead to shoot again. 

"Oh, excuses excuses. You just hate to be beaten by a girl." She decapitated me with a sniper rifle, gaining another point and re-enforcing her lead. She was smiling as she blew my character into oblivion, while I was still trying to master the difficult controls. BOOM. I was gone again. Then the announcer broke into the silence and proclaimed that player 1 had won. I tossed my controller onto the coffee table and leaned back into the soft cushions of the sofa. She got up and walked over to the console and turned it off, returning to my side. She curled herself onto the couch and leaned against my chest, placing her arms around me as the adrenaline shock of the game wore off. "Beat you again." She smiled, tightening her grip around me and lifting her head to gaze into my eyes. 

"I'm still better at fighting games, mind you." I leaned forward and kissed her, all the buzz of the violence melting away as our lips met. I brushed aside her long brown hair and savoured the taste of her mouth. We broke apart and she let out a long sigh, relaxing and cuddling up closer to me. She finally noticed the lump that was forming in my crotch. 

"Ohh, looks like somebody is happy to see me. What would you like to do tonight, Jason?" She ran her fingers along my chest and massaged my abdomen with her delicate hands. I could feel the tingling anxiety building in my chest as she stroked me gently.

"Hmm, I think we should go into the bedroom, for starters..."She smiled warmly as she continued to rub her hands across my body. "And we'll figure out what to do from there." She pulled herself off me and stood up, straightening her skirt. She proceeded up the oak staircase towards her bedroom, and I followed her. We went into the bedroom, a medium sized room with a large bay window overlooking the area. I once again paused to gaze out across the expanse of darkness that covered the city. The stars shining high above in the sky, reflecting the twinkling glow of countless buildings below. I had always loved the tranquility of the night, of pure darkness. It's no wonder I am a fan of horror movies and dark, twisted games. My favourite weather was, strangely enough, thunder and lightning storms late at night. Nikki tossed herself onto the lace-adorned cushions of her rather large bed and spread herself out in the soft material, relaxing and letting out a soft moan as she sank into the comforter.

"Say, I've got an idea." I broke the silence, without removing my gaze from the darkened window. "Why don't we have a bath together?" I turned around to face her, sprawled on the bed with a look of deep longing in her eyes.

"Mmmm, that is a good idea..." She sat up and let her hair fall around her face, knowing that it turned me on. "I'll get the water running. Don't go away, now."She stood up and walked past me to the adjoining bathroom, the soft scent of her vanilla perfume tantalizing my nostrils. She closed the door behind her, and after a moment I heard the loud rush of water being drawn. I sat down on the bed, where she had been lying, and leaned back into the fluffy material. She certainly had excellent taste in mattresses, I though to myself as I sank into the warm comfort of the deep red blankets. I closed my eyes and exhaled, all my tension melting away into the soft bed as I lay in it, limbs in every direction. I relaxed there for several minutes, listening to the sound of the running water. Then, it stopped abruptly. I sleepily rose out of the cozy rut I had made in the blankets and watched the bathroom door. A moment later, it opened, revealing Nikita in all her glory.

She was wearing a red lace bra and matching thong, the thin material straining against her voluptuous breasts. Her nipples were stiffened and poked through the cotton lace. She placed her hands on her hips and leaned against the doorframe, posing for me as I sat in quiet awe of her beauty. The lump returned to my groin as I scanned her tanned body, across her piercing eyes, her delicate lips, her toned abdomen and her muscular legs. She beckoned for me and disappeared into the bathroom again. I stood up and began loosening my belt and kicking off my shoes, trying to remove my clothing as soon as possible. 

When I walked into the bathroom, I was greeted with the warm and humid air emanating from both the soapy water in the bathtub and a dozen or so candles that were lit around the room. The soft glow of the flickering flames danced across the walls, casting eerie shadows and bathing the room in a golden light. Nikki stepped forward and pulled me against her. We locked lips and kissed passionately, our tongues darting in and out of each others mouths as we rubbed each other with our free hands. She slid her hands between us and began unbuttoning my shirt. 

We continued to kiss, our saliva mingling, our mouths becoming one. She finished unbuttoning my dress-shirt and pulled it out of my pants. My cock was now stiff and pressing against her bare thigh as she pulled my shirt off my shoulders. We broke apart as she pulled my undershirt off over my head, messing up my spiky hair. I moved down to her neck as she unzipped my fly and began pulling down my pants. I nibbled and suckled her tender flesh, tickling it with my tongue as she worked away at my underwear. Soon I was completely naked, my clothes in a loose pile next to the door. My erect penis was standing straight out, pushing against her as I nuzzled her. She pulled away and motioned towards the bathtub.

"Hey, it was your idea to take a bath together. Lets not finish this before we even get wet." She stepped next to the tub and turned away from me. She reached behind her back and unclasped her bra, pulling it off and tossing it aside. She then slowly slid her panties off, down her thighs, her legs, and finally plucking them off her feet. She stood there, completely naked and facing away from me, as she stepped into the bubbly water of the bathtub. She slipped one foot under the thick, white foam, then bent over to grip the edges of the tub, giving me a peek at her glistening cunt, already moist with her arousal. I was still standing next to the door at full attention, watching her delicately slip into the steaming water. She turned as she placed her other leg into the tub, easing herself down and finally exposing her delicious breasts to me. She finally settled into the bottom of the tub, her large breasts half submerged in the water and bubbly foam. I walked over and slipped in as well, being careful not to bump her as I entered on the opposite end. I settled into the warm water, relaxing as it enveloped my body. The soft, white suds of the bubble bath tickled my arms and chest as I sat, half submerged in the oversized Victorian-style tub. 

"So, how's work been lately? " She asked me, snapping me out of a light daze induced by the warm water and dim lighting. I stretched out my arms along the sides of the tub and lowered myself deeper into the water, placing my legs on top of hers. 

"Well, I can't complain. Business has been moderate most of the summer. Not that much interest in video-games when everyone is on the beach." I ran my foot across her thigh, and she adjusted to give me better access. "But there are always some die-hards that come in, rain, sleet or snow." She looked at me and smiled as I continued to stroke her with my foot, running my toes across her smooth skin underneath the water.

"Hey, you're sleeping with a die-hard here." She settled back against the porcelain. She was a frequent customer at our store, especially after we had met, always coming in for the latest Playstation 2 title. We would often talk shop about the latest games, so it would at least look like I was helping a customer and not flirting with her. "Soooooo, what do you recommend from the latest lineup of releases?" She began to slowly trace her finger in circles around her stiffening nipples.

"Oh, if I were to recommend something, it would have to be Max Payne." I watched her fingers as they ran across her dark areolas.

"So it's finally been released, huh?" She began caressing her breasts, putting on a little warm up show for me.

"Yeah, three years in development. Unfortunately for you, it was released to the PC first. It will make it to the PS2 eventually." I gave her a smug grin. I was a PC gamer, even though I owned a console that I never used, and she was strictly console, standing by her precious Playstation 2. We usually danced around the subject, but it came up once and awhile for a heated debate.

"Oh, don't get me started on that again." She closed her eyes and leaned her head back as she cupped and stroked her breasts. My hand wandered down to my penis, still erect under the water, and began pumping the shaft slowly, up and down, releasing some of the tension that had been building throughout the evening. Nikki lowered one of her hands under the water and towards her groin, and I could tell she was stroking her soft, pink cunt by the expressions on her face. She grinned and giggled, then sighed and moaned as she worked her unseen hand across her tender lips. She continued to rub her nipples with her free hand, switching between either breast at regular intervals while she continued to masturbate under the bubbly water. I was jacking off, too, my hand slowly working faster as I watched her please herself in front of me. If one thing turned me on, it was watching a woman masturbate, and Nikki knew this. 

"Save a little for me, eh?" Nikki was really getting into it now, her hips gently heaving up and down under the water. She moaned and cooed in delight as she slowly brought herself closer and closer to orgasm. I could feel my own climax building in my stomach, my abdomen tightening and my balls contracting. I stopped stroking my penis, fearing I would blow my wad too early, and sat quietly, watching Nikki masturbate at the opposite end of the bathtub. I watched her intently as she heaved up and down, her legs sliding against mine under the water. Her groaning and sighing increased, and beads of sweat were now forming on her face and neck. Her hair was a tangled mess as she bounced up and down, her arm pumping vigourously and she furiously rubbed her clit. Water splashed out of the tub and onto the floor around it while she thrust her hips up and down.

She grasped the side of the tub and began to cry out through her gaping mouth. She stopped momentarily, and let out a scream from deep within her throat. It was a cry unlike any other, part sigh, part screech, that drove me wild. Her primal urges coming out in one explosive moment as a powerful orgasm ripped through her body. She shook and convulsed, splashing water in all directions, gasping and moaning as her body went into a state of pure ecstasy and sensual pleasure. She shot her hips out of the water, pointing her cunt straight at me, the pink lips swollen and pink, her engorged clit poking through them. She held the pose for a few moments, water dripping off her shapely form as the orgasm subsided. She quivered and relaxed, letting out a long sigh as she eased herself back into the water. She cupped her breasts with her hands and massaged them gently as her breathing slowed and she began to return to normal. She finally glanced at me, after being completely oblivious to my presence throughout her little adventure.

"Mmmm, sorry about that. I got a little carried away. Hope you don't feel left out over there." She was smiling, her wicked, naughty smile, like a child caught doing something they shouldn't be and not knowing how to react. 

"Oh, don't worry. I'm content just watching you play." I leaned back against the porcelain and propped my arms on the edges of the tub. "Feel free to get carried away whenever you like." She lifted herself up and stood upright before easing herself down, belly first into the water. She slid down the tub and lifted herself over me, then lowered her glistening body onto mine, straddling my erection between her legs and wrapping her arms around my neck. I could smell her arousal above the vanilla candles that surrounded us. Her long hair floated on the surface of the water as she nestled her head against my chest, her body rising and falling as I breathed. 

"Uhm. So you like that, huh?" She ran her fingers along my spine, making me shiver and groan as she rubbed my reck.

"Don't ask questions to which you already know the answer." She pulled herself forward and pressed her lips to mine. I ran my tongue across her lips, teasing her mouth before entangling my tongue with hers. She squeezed my stiff cock with her legs, pressing her warm thighs together so that it rested against her cunt. She moved up and down, ever so slightly, so that she gently stroked my cock while rubbing her cunt at the same time. I moaned slightly into her mouth as she continued to rub my penis between her legs, and she finally stopped, spreading her legs apart again. 

"Can't have you cumming before you even get to taste dessert, now can we?" She lifted herself off of me and stepped out of the tub, grabbing a white towel off the nearby rack. She patted herself down with the soft, white material, and rubbed her hair dry as well. I followed her lead and did the same, both of us standing naked on the bath-mat drying ourselves off with towels. Her tanned body was absolutely stunning in the candlelight, water running down her limbs and dripping onto the floor. She pushed her breasts upwards with the towel and examined herself in the mirror. I stepped behind her and wrapped my arms around her waist, leaning my head forward to rest against her shoulder. 

"God, you're beautiful, Nikki." I began swaying my hips and pressed my body against hers. "You have to be the best thing that has happened to me in my life." She turned her head towards mine and gave me a peck on the cheek.

"Flattery will get you nowhere, Jason." 

"Maybe not, but it sure helps me to get laid." She giggled and spun around to face me, pressing her body to mine. I slid my arms behind her and began massaging her lower back, working my way down to her firm ass cheeks. She tickled my ear lobe with her tongue and nibbled my neck as I ran my fingers along her creamy smooth skin. She reached behind me and firmly grabbed my naked butt with both her hands and began massaging them, working her hands along my buttocks and thighs. "Whoa, someone's getting feisty." I managed to blurt out, still a little shaken by her sudden move. She turned her head up to mine and gave me that naughty grin once again, licking her lips with delight as she palmed my ass.
