 Thanks to all who leave meaningful feedback. I enjoy emailing with you.

Your enjoyment of this story may depend on your knowledge of the scoring involved in golf.

*

Bob Segar: "Even now, she's still in my heart, she's still in my soul."

+ + +

I have turned into a recluse. I used to be outgoing, and I loved to spend time with friends and family. It's been a year since I emerged from the medically induced coma.

I have been in physical therapy since leaving the hospital. I also meet weekly with a counselor. She's helping me to understand the psychology of getting over the accident. Her approach is to have me tackle my issues, one at a time. Getting them resolved, one by one, will give me my life back. Gone are the days when I felt like taking my life. I guess I'm making progress.

I repeat the same activities, day after day. I start my day at the local cafe, before the sun shines, then push my golf cart around the nine hole course. I have the course to myself until I finish the first nine. Most days I spend the second nine watching three Asian ladies ruining a good walk. I'd like to say they are playing golf, but even saying they look like they were killing snakes doesn't adequately describe how bad their swings are. I could ask to play through, but it's more fun watching them. Fact is, my days need the entertainment they are providing.

Before the accident I was a scratch golfer. I have limited range of motion now, and I've had to change my swing to accommodate. Slowly, my game is returning.

I go to therapy, three times a week, after golf. Some days I shop for groceries. I always retreat to my rented house and read books. I'm not much of a cook so it's usually a can of soup and a salad for dinner. I have no friends here and haven't had a desire to make any. I don't keep in touch with my previous friends. My counselor tells me it's a form of shell shock. I am mentally unprepared to renew friendships, for fear of tragedy.

My name is Adam. I was fifty when the accident changed my life. I was married to Beth and both of our children are in college. What I remember is returning from a business trip. I used to travel about once a month. I was one of my company's best negotiators.

I landed on time and called Beth, who was waiting in the cell phone lot. I stepped outside to wait for her. She greeted me enthusiastically, as always, and we headed for home. Beth always drove. My last memory is a stop light turning green. We were second in line, behind a sedan. When I regained consciousness I was hooked up to several beeping machines. I had been in a coma for close to a month.

I learned that an eighteen wheeler, loaded for a major retailer, had run the red light and T-boned our car. Beth did not survive. 

Beth and I were soulmates. We were best friends, lovers, and partners in whatever we were doing. I often dream of our last weekend together. On the Sunday, before I left for my trip, we had a quickie in the morning. After lunch Beth was putting some cookies in the over when I goosed her.

"Stop that. You just got it!"

"I think you have more of what I want."

"Don't you ever get enough?"

"Hmmm, let me think" as I felt a little side boob "Is it even possible to get enough?"

Slapping my hand away "Later big guy, maybe."

Our love making, that Sunday night, is my favorite memory. There are huge gaps in my memory. I don't remember getting married. My counselor says I should not get my hopes up for a complete recovery.

I was naive to believe the offending company would make things right. I eventually hired one of those ambulance chasers to put their feet to the fire. It was worth it. My share tops a few million. Even if I wanted to return to work, I can't. My depression, memory loss, and inability to concentrate still plague me.

I've started getting flashbacks to the accident. I will wake, in a sweat, with a fragment of the accident.

+ + +

I find that I'm actually looking forward to watching the Asian ladies on the golf course. Every day they wear matching warm-up outfits. They stretch, assemble their push carts, and load their clubs. They chitter chatter non-stop, in whatever their native language is. They are always friendly but never say more than 'Hello', in English. One day, on the lake hole, one of the ladies slipped and fell into the lake. Her friends were trying to fish her out. She was never in any real danger as the lake is very shallow. I hustled up to the edge of the lake, waded in about six feet, and pulled her to safety.

"Thank you much" in very broken English. 

Her friends were laughing, giggling, and I would guess teasing her. She was obviously flustered. They didn't finish their round. I didn't either. My shoes and socks were soaked.

The next day, after my opening nine, the ladies were waiting on the first tee. I really couldn't tell, by looks, which one had done the fish impersonation. Once I made eye contact with each, only one had trouble looking back at me. I embarrassed her further.

"Are you okay today?"

"Thank you. Yes. You play with us?"

Against my better judgement "Sure."

Lots of 'da da da de' 'da da do' 'de di do da', in whatever language that was. The other two ladies smiled.

"This is Sue and Kim and I'm Lisa."

She made Lisa sound like Leeeesa. She was the deep sea diver. All three were dressed about the same with long pants, collar shirt, and visor. None of them were five foot tall and they were all thin as can be. Standing next to them I'm a giant. I'm 6'4 and down to 250 lbs. My doctor tells me I need to lose more weight.

I don't know body measurements all that well, but maybe they were 28-22-30. No need to wear bras, they were all less than A cups. All three were probably my age, maybe older.

"My name is Adam" I said in something other than natural English. What a doofus, no reason for me to speak in broken English.

It was fun playing in the same group. They'd get frustrated, pick their ball up, and drop it on the green.

"You good golfer. Tell us what we do wrong."

I gave them a few tips, but a few tips was about a million short of what it was going to take. It was still fun.

Afterwards Lisa had a lemonade, Kim had an ice tea, and Sue had a diet cola. I drank water. I learned that they were from Korea. They worked, six days a week, as cooks in a posh restaurant. The restaurant was closed on Mondays. They worked from two until closing, at nine. Once they had the kitchen cleaned, they went home. They were friends in Korea. Kim immigrated thirty years ago, eight years before the other two. All three had become citizens about twenty years ago. They each wore an old glory flag pin on their visors.

Kim touched my ring finger "No wifey?"

I simply shook my head no. I realized I was tearing up.

Sue said "You sad?"

"She died. Are you ladies married? I don't see rings."

Lisa spoke the best English.

"We had arraigned marriage, in Korea. We ran away. You walk funny."

I explained the car crash, and learned a little more about each before it was time for me to head to therapy.

The next day Kim was wearing loose fitting shorts. The day after that all three were wearing shorts. Little by little the golf instructions were getting through to them. Each of the ladies was hitting a good shot every once in a while. They were still taking ten to fifteen shots per hole, even with cheating.

Every day there was lots of 'da da da de' 'da da do' 'de di do da', in Korean.

It was about a week later when Sue wore perfume. The next day all three smelled lovely. Lisa was the first one to have a chance for a bogey. I told her I would buy her dinner, if she made the putt. She three putted. She was quite flustered. On the ninth hole I had about a fifteen foot putt for birdie.

Lisa said "I make you dinner if you make putt."

"And what do I owe you if I miss the putt?"

"You buy me dinner. You not a cook."

After I sank the putt there was lots of 'da da da de' 'da da do' 'de di do da', in Korean. All three ladies smiled.

"Lucky shot Mister Adam. Monday night?"

For the first time since Beth died, I was going on a date. I had three days to get my act together.

At golf the next day Lisa wore a bra. It changed her from an A cup to at least a C cup. To say it looked completely fake is being kind. Of course, the following day, when Sue and Kim wore bras, they looked equally silly.

Kim was the first one to break 100. Most cheating was now not allowed. They whined when I took away gimmee putts. The ladies were very competitive, amongst themselves. I was truly enjoying the flirting, from all three.

After golf, on Monday, we decided that dinner would be at 6 pm. I was ready to go by 3 pm. I couldn't concentrate enough to read books. It amazed me how nervous I was. I had been keeping my son apprised of my little Korean golf academy. The teasing I was getting was brutal.

The ladies lived in a rented three bedroom house. They had lived there for the last ten years. Lisa greeted me wearing a traditional Korean hanbok dress in yellow jeogori, the color worn by unmarried mature women. Thankfully I had spent Monday afternoon doing research on Korean customs. I gave her an orchid corsage.

They had me remove my shoes at the door. Kim and Sue, both with hair done and dressed sexy, had me sit, took my socks off, and washed my feet. I was barefoot the rest of the evening. The ladies were quite gifted in their artistic hobbies. All three made, and sold, their pictures, pottery, napkins, art work, stuffed toys, and cloth greeting cards. It was show and tell night for all three. I began to understand why, even after twenty years, they had not learned English. They had neither a television nor a radio. They worked together, lived together, and played together. English was not a priority for them.

Dinner was delightful. I understood why the posh restaurant was so popular. Whatever liquor they served me had given me quite a buzz. I thanked Lisa for a lovely evening. She kissed me on one cheek and then the other. I gave her a gentle kiss on the lips.

That Monday was the last day I ever took my antidepressant drugs. These ladies were the perfect therapy for me. 

I decided I would buy a house and started looking. There were a few, on the golf course, but they were big houses with four or five bedrooms. Nothing in my search area impressed me. I wanted a small studio or one bedroom place, something simple. I still owned the house I lived in, when I had my accident, but it was too depressing to spend time there. I was not ready to stay there again, maybe ever.

Tuesday, Sue wore very tight shorts, with a hint of a camel toe. On Wednesday, Kim and Lisa wore tight shorts. Kim had a pronounced camel toe. It was very difficult to maintain eye contact. Against my better judgement I told the ladies to wear loose fitting clothes since there were kids at the course. I was rewarded with pouty looks.

On the golf course, the ladies were making great progress. On the four days I didn't have therapy, they would stay at the course. For another hour I would tutor them, on the driving range. On one of the Mondays, the therapy office called and cancelled my appointment. When our round was over the ladies asked if they could see where I lived.

They shared a car, and took turns driving. I had them follow me back to the house. It was pretty obvious they had not seen too many bachelor pads. The dishes were stacked up, the laundry basket was overflowing, and the trash had built up on the counters. There was lots of 'da da da de' 'da da do' 'de di do da', in Korean.

Each of the ladies started working on a problem area. Kim, in the kitchen, opened the refrigerator.

"Where your food?"

"It's there, just the lettuce and salad fixings."

There was lots of 'da da da de' 'da da do' 'de di do da', in Korean.

"We come eat with you tonight."

When they left, after almost two hours, my place was in awesome shape. Almost as good as the day I moved in.

I showered and folded the clothes, when the dryer finished. The ladies returned just before six. Each was carrying two bags. They had brought several days' worth of food. All three had changed into very cute short skirts and sexy blouses. I had them tell me more about their artistic works. After dinner they cleaned up and loaded the dishwasher. I gave, or maybe it was I received, a very short sweet kiss from each.

I found a five by seven framed picture, of Sue, under my pillow, with a red heart in the corner. I put it on my dresser.

+ + +

Sue was the first one with a legitimate chance for a par.

"What you give me if I make putt?"

"I'll buy you dinner."

With nerves of steel, Sue missed it badly. There was lots of 'da da da de' 'da da do' 'de di do da', in Korean.

Much like Lisa had done, when I lined up my putt on nine, Sue said "You make putt I give you kiss."

"And what do I owe you if I miss the putt?"

"You give me kiss."

There was lots of 'da da da de' 'da da do' 'de di do da', in Korean. Kim and Lisa were not happy with Sue.

"Quiet ladies. I still have to putt."

Through the constant giggling, I missed.

"Hope you kiss better than you putt."

"When would you like your kiss?"

Sue tilted her head upwards, closed her eyes, and puckered her lips.

I stepped in and placed my lips on hers. Her tongue pushed passed my lips and her hands held my head in place. We did tongue battles as I pulled her close for a hug. I felt a tingle in my loins.

From Lisa and Kim, there was lots of 'da da da de' 'da da do' 'de di do da', in Korean.

I snickered, when we separated after the kiss. One side of Sue's bra had imploded. I think she cussed at me, while blushing. She put her hand under her shirt and corrected the imbalance. She shook her finger at me, blushing even more.

A few days later Kim needed to make a four foot putt for a par. None of the ladies had made a par.

"You take me to dinner if I make putt?"

"OK, you make me dinner if you miss."

She lined it up, back and forth, stroked it right towards the cup, and left it one inch short. Exasperated she uttered "Shit."

All three immediately covered their mouths and looked at me.

I just smiled. There was lots of 'da da da de' 'da da do' 'de di do da', in Korean. All three blushed as they smiled at me.

"Monday 6 pm" Kim announced.

When Monday rolled around, the ladies said "We clean your house. When you be home?"

I handed Sue my key. I had another in my car. "I trust you."

I returned to find my house looking spotless again. There were cakes and pies on the counter and the refrigerator was packed with food. The laundry was done, folded, and sitting on my bed. Oh, and now I had an eight by ten framed picture of Kim, and an eight by ten framed picture of Lisa on my dresser. Each had red hearts in all four corners. Sue's five by seven was dwarfed.

Much like the previous date, I was ready to go by 3 pm. I couldn't concentrate enough to read books. It still amazes me how nervous I was.

+ + +

"Sounds like somebody's going to get lucky" my son teased.

"No, it's not like that. We're just friends."

"L-O-L, yeah, and I'm your daughter."

+ + +

Kim greeted me wearing a traditional Korean hanbok dress in yellow jeogori. I'm guessing they only have one of that dress, and all three could wear it. I gave her an orchid corsage.

I removed my shoes. Lisa and Sue, both with hair done and dressed sexy, had me sit, took my socks off, and washed my feet. I was barefoot the rest of the evening.

Dinner was delightful, no surprise about that. All three made sure I drank plenty of liquor. I had quite a buzz. I thanked Kim for a lovely evening. She kissed me on one cheek and then the other. Unlike Lisa, when I kissed Kim, she grabbed my head and stuffed her tongue in my mouth. When I pulled her close, she thrusted her pelvis into my groin. I was getting aroused and Kim knew it. She ground her pussy into me.

"Thank you Mister Adam. See you tomorrow."

When the door closed I heard lots of 'da da da de' 'da da do' 'de di do da', in Korean.

I tossed and turned all night. I had dreams about each of the ladies.

It was a Thursday when things got interesting. Although none of the ladies had a par yet, all three had broken 100. Lisa had even done it two days in a row. Every time one of them had a chance for a par, I was reminded that it was possible. Normally, when in a sand trap, it would take the ladies several whacks to extract the ball. I still let them cheat, picking up the ball and throwing it out of the trap, if two whacks didn't work. Sue was in the green side sand trap on the ninth.

"Mister Adam, I make this I get par. What you give me?"

Laughing I said "Anything you want."

Well damn. She sank the shot from the bunker. Her first par ever. All three were jumping around and hugging, in the sand trap. There was lots of 'da da da de' 'da da do' 'de di do da', in Korean. We had to rake the entire trap.

I gave her a hug and kissed her on the forehead. "What does Ms Sue want?"

"You spend night with me."

There was lots of 'da da da de' 'da da do' 'de di do da', in Korean. Kim and Lisa covered their mouths. They were not at all pleased with Sue.

"When would you like this to happen?"

"Tonight! You come at ten."

If I thought I was nervous going to dinner with them, I was wrong. This was much worse. I was so excited, the wait was unbearable. I went shopping and bought a package of new boxers. No need to show up in something old and tattered. I shaved around 6 pm and splashed a little after shave on. Then I thought better and washed it off. Then I changed my mind again and put just a dab on. You'd think I'd never been with a woman.

I arrived early, but when the house was dark, I circled the block. They arrived home around 9:45 pm. I wasn't due until 10 pm. It was killing me to wait.

Sue greeted me wearing a robe and slippers, her hair was pinned back. I left my shoes, and socks, at the door. Wasting no time, Sue hooked my arm and led me into her bedroom. I noticed she had all of her milestone score cards framed, even the one from earlier today. What really took me by surprise were two photos of me, including one of me coaching her. I was a marked man. She closed the door, pulled my head in for a kiss, and then rubbed my cock through my pants.

Once the kiss was over, she undid my belt buckle, unzipped me, and pushed my pants to the floor. I pulled my shirt up and over my head and dropped it on the floor. Sue climbed onto the bed, laid her head on her pillow and patted the bed next to her. I slid up, took my spot, and smiled at her.

Sue unfastened her robe to reveal her naked body. My hands roamed freely and her breathing quickened. I made of big deal of nibbling her nipples and playing with her boobs. Her puffy nipples, my favorite, were rock hard. She was more than moist. Her hand slipped into my boxers and grabbed my cock. She squeezed it, sat up, and worked my boxers off. She pumped up and down on my cock.

"Very nice" she said smiling.

Then Sue said something, in Korean, quite loudly. A few seconds later the door opened and Lisa, wearing a robe and using a towel to dry her hair, entered the bedroom. She crawled up on the bed and put her hand on my cock. She slid her hand up and down a few times.

"Nice cock" Lisa said.

Some chitter chatter, in Korean, and Lisa left the room. Sue licked the tip of my cock and continued pumping. A minute later, a knock on the door, and Kim entered, also in a robe and using a towel to dry her hair. She also climbed up on the bed, squeezed my cock very hard, and pumped it a few times. 

"I like" Kim said as she left the room.

Sue resumed licking and pumping my cock. When she sensed I was getting close, she moved her head away, and I shot a few streams high in the air. I heard giggling from the hall. After Sue cleaned my cock I crawled between her legs. She smelled wonderful. Her bush was trimmed nicely and her juices were very tasty. I licked up, down, in, and around and was rewarded with a very vocal orgasm. I was performing for my audience, who were whispering in Korean.
