 Denise opened her eyes and looked around. She was alone in the room. She was still tied to the four posters on Tom’s bed. She couldn’t remember ever wanting anything so much, as she wanted Tom to unleash the passion that he continued to build up inside her.

Tom knew what he was doing. He knew exactly when his next touch or lick would send her over the edge into total sexual pleasure. He made sure he stopped short every single time. Those times that he brought her just a little too close, he would get up and leave her and allow the passion to subside.

Tom teased her unmercifully. “I bet if I untied your hands now, they would go straight to your pussy. Would you like me to untie you, Denny? Do you want to cum? Just a little bit more time, my Baby… Just a little longer.”

Denise wasn’t sure how much more she could stand. Tom had been gone now for a nice while. She could see the clock when she turned her head. It was quarter to four. She had to leave by seven o’clock. Her mind started spinning! Why didn’t he come back? How much longer would he leave her in this exposed position?

In desperation, she called out. “Tom….! Tom-mmy…!! Ple-easse.. Tommy!

Tommy appeared in the open doorway.

“You are ready for more, my Little Lover…? Tell me… Tell me what you want….”

“Please, Tommy… please?” Denise’s eyes pleaded with her captor.

“Please….? No problem… that would be my pleasure.” Tom licked him fingers noisily, and traced a moist pathway from the very wet opening of Denise’s pussy, between her lips, right up to the fleshy nub that was her clitoris. He placed his fingers back in his mouth, making little sucking, kissing sounds, as he licked Denise’s juices off his fingers.

“You taste soo-oo yummy…! I want more….!”

Denise wasn’t sure she would be able to keep from cumming… no matter what. She was so ready. Tom had taken back at least four orgasms. As much as she wanted to be free of her restraints, she so wanted those warm waves of release.

“I think we should take a snapshot for our album.”

Denise struggled, yet again. The soft ropes tightened around her wrists. Each time her arms relaxed so did the tightening. She stopped struggling. She was beat.

Tom’s fingers probed Denise’s wet warm pussy.

“Let’s see….hmmmm!” Tom withdrew his fingers and again licked them individually. He gently pulled back the fleshy hood of her clitoris, exposing the glistening pink organ, and he licked rapidly.

“Ohhh… my Baby… doesn’t that feel good?” He watched her face as he licked. “Nice, isn’t it? Look at me! Look…!”

Denise felt the approach of that glorious warmth…

“Look at me, Denny…Babee! Look in my eyes. He sat up and reached for the camera. Flash! The pinpoint of color from the flash remained in Denise’s vision, as she thrust her hips forward… again and again.

“Please Tommy… don’t…. please don’t… I can’t stand it!”

“Ohhhh… my sweet Baby… do you wanna cum now?”

Denise nodded, “Yes… ohh yess!”

“I can’t…. Sweetie!” Tom’s voice gently teased her. “ I want this to be the BEST ever. I won’t tease you for much longer. I love you…. But I can’t stop yet…

He kissed her forehead, her nose, her mouth and his lips sought out Denise’s nipples. He pushed her breasts together and sucked each nipple, in turn… back and forth… back and forth.

Tom could feel as Denise pressed her hips against his arm.

Flash! Tom snapped the camera again and again.

Denise’s head fell back on the pillow in exasperation. This had gone on long enough! “Stop…NOW! LET ME UP! I hate you for this!”

Tom silenced her protests with a devouring kiss. “I love you, Denny…. I love you!” He slid down the length of her body, until he was again between her legs. His fingers and tongue competed for the most tantalizing and teasing touch.

His fingers slipped between the cheeks of her bottom. All the pussy juices that flowed from her pussy had trickled to her ass and Tom’s middle finger inserted the opening.

“Oh my God, Tom! Don’t! Please…!” Denise’s hips moved from side to side trying desperately to get away from Tom’s hands.”

Tom’s slippery finger pushed a little farther in, and at the same time, he licked between her pussy lips. “My cock is so hard! I can’t wait to feel your tight bum against me.” Denise banged her hips against Tom’s face.

“TOM! STOP! I mean it!!” Denise was now afraid. “Tom…..!” 

Tom’s finger probed deeper still.

“Stop!! You promised! You promised you wouldn’t hurt me… STOP… I… I… stop!! Denise was starting to become hysterical.

Tom focused on her fright immediately. He quickly and gently, withdrew his finger. He quickly undid the ropes that secured her wrists. He cradled her into his big arms.

“Oh my Baby…I’m so sorry! I went too far… I’m sorry.” Tom rocked her back and forth. “I love you… Shhh-hhh!! I’m so sorry!!” He held her in his arms and he kissed her lips, eyes and cheeks. His kisses became more demanding, and Denise, her hands now free, responded to him. 

“Wait…!” Tom reached down and released Denise’s ankles from their restraints. 

Denise quickly rolled over and knelt up on the bed. She pushed Tom back unto the pillow and began kissing his neck and chest. Hmm-mmm! How he excited her.

Tom’s erect penis nudged Denise’s side. She leaned down and licked from the base of his penis, along the shaft, right to the head, and then she sunk her lips down over Tom’s hard cock. Her tongue never stopped licking all the while.

Tom lifted Denise’s head and shoulders to where he could kiss her on the mouth. He encouraged her to swing her leg over until she was straddling him

He placed his hands underneath her ass and moved her bottom to where he could reach here love lips. They were swollen and here clitoris was rigid… a mini hard-on! He assured her wetness. He lifted her ass and urged her to sink her pussy lips down over hip hard cock…

After several sliding in and out movements, Tom pushed his cock entirely into Denise’s body. As she gasped.. Tom laughed out loud.

“Ride me, Baby! Fuck me!” He pushed his face between Denise’s full breasts and coaxed her in a whispering voice, to slide up and down on his cock.

Denise was breathing harder and harder…almost panting. The perspiration formed a shiny sheath on her face and chest. She rode Tom as hard as she could. She started her ascent as she climbed increasingly nearer that place that had been withheld from her too many times to count.

Just as Denise felt, and heard the blood rushing to her head and ears, in one swift movement, Tom pulled her away from that precious place and placed her on her back.

Before she could cry out in protest, Tom held her bum in his hands and he found her hardened clitoris with his tongue and lips.

“Oohhh!!” Denise’s breath escaped her and she was incapable of breathing as spasm after spasm shook her body.

Flash! The camera. Tom watched as her orgasm took over. Her tummy contracted again and again. The tears seeped from the corners of her eyes. Tom continued to gently lick her sweet tasting pussy, until her chest stopped heaving and she breathing returned to normal.

“I love you, Denise… I love you so much, my Baby. I am not complete without your love. Please stay with me.