 I sat down at my usual seat in my favorite diner, grabbing a late breakfast, early lunch on a lazy weekend day. It was crowded as usual, and I looked around. One of the nice things about living in a college town was that a diner like this was filled with a lot of different people, not just old coots like me. Not that I am ancient, but I am old enough to be the granddad to some of the college students, and a number of the servers in the place had come to me for advice about careers, apartments, relationships and other life issues, like they would their own grandparent. Or weird uncle.

Looking around I noticed a group at a table by me, one young woman facing me had cute tiny dark blue shorts and a tshirt. She was sitting crosslegged on the chair, a position that would have killed me, I thought as I looked at her shapely legs. A tiny thing, I wondered if she weighed a hundred pounds dripping wet. My look and pondering must have been obvious because when I looked up, our eyes met. A smile crossed her lips. One of the men she was with was talking non stop and she did not look that interested in what he was saying, so we looked at each other for a few seconds and their food arrived. Pancakes for her, a variety of eggs, sandwiches and sides for the others.

As she took her first bite of the fluffy cakes, she looked over once again. She set her fork down and proceeded to undo her pose from the chair and I couldn't help but notice a gap between her shorts and leg and a view of lacy white panties beneath. Unashamed, I looked and then met her gaze again. She was smiling and it was obvious she knew what I was looking at. Another forkful of pancake popped into her mouth.

My food arrived, a basic scrambled eggs with bacon and toast combo. And more coffee. A necessity on any morning, but it was especially helpful today.

As I started on my food, The young woman got up, again offering a good view of her panties under her shorts and headed to the restrooms, down the hall at the back of the restaurant. The place actually had three, a mens' room, a womens' room and a family one which was always the "overflow" spot if both of the others were full. They rarely were, so it was not used much. She went into the womens' room and returned a few minutes (about half a cup of coffee) later. I looked over and saw her open her bag, the combination backpack, purse, utility bag that every student uses. She made a point of unfolding what she was putting in the bag, visible only to me, and it was a tiny pair of white lacy panties. Just like the ones she had shown me a few moments before. She returned to the pancake still on her plate and took a forkfull into her mouth as she smiled over at me. Her companions were still having a discussion about whatever they had been talking about. I doubt that either of us cared what they were saying.

As I took a bite of my own food, I saw her spread her legs in my direction. Now the gap of her shorts revealed no white fabric, but just soft skin. She was obviously shaved and was giving a little show which was directed at my booth. And I was the only one there. Our eyes met and again we both smiled.

We both continued eating and watching each other even as the other diners talked, ate and went about their day oblivious of the little show that was playing out just beneath the table. As she cut into another bite of her pancake, she raised a little and moved her foot and heel under her. From my angle, I could still see a gap in her shorts, leading up to her junction of leg to her torso. Her fork went to her mouth and her other hand moved beneath the table to the hem of her shorts. I figured she was about to tug the gap closed ending my free view, but to my surprise, she moved it slightly to the side, opening it a little more and moving a finger beneath. I saw a flash of small pink lips as her finger brushed them and began a slow teasing rub around her exposed slit. She had my full, undivided attention.

"More coffee?" the server asked. The voice surprised me and I must have moved a little. "I'm guessing not, you already seem a little jumpy!" she continued.

"Just half a cup, Hon. I just didn't see you sneaking up to ambush me." I wasn't about to tell her the real reason I hadn't seen her coming. 

I took a sip of the molten brew and looked over the top of the cup to see that the pancake was nearly gone, but she was still looking over at me, rocking on her heel and sliding her finger around the gap of her shorts. My own pants were becoming increasingly tight as I thought about what I might do with the sweet pink set of lips that were being attended to by her finger. 

To let the coffee cool a little, I got up and headed back to the restrooms. As I approached the table with the young foursome, the young woman I had been watching stood and cut in front of me, also heading to the back. I heard a soft but unmistakable "Follow me. Follow me in."

We went into the back hall and she went past the womens' room and opened the middle door marked "Family" and slid inside. I took the door knob, holding the door open and moved past seeing her inside and looking at me. "Seriously, you want me with you?" I asked, almost wondering if I had lapsed into a dream.

"Yes." was all I heard, all I needed to hear. As I closed and locked the door, she continued. "I'm close, having you watch me is a big fucking turn on. Help me finish. I want to cum hard...mind if I call you 'daddy'?"

"Call me whatever you like, hon. I'll be happy to help." I replied. She straddled my leg in the small room as we embraced and I could feel her rubbing herself against my leg. I bent down and kissed her, tonguing her mouth, going in as deep as I could. I put my hands on her small waist, my fingers nearly touching. As I moved my mouth away, I lifted her onto the vanity with the sink. As she stood there, her shorts were at face level to me.

"Oh, that was a smooth move. Finish me off, daddy. Your little girl needs it. I need it Baaaaad..." she held the last word for a moment.

I reached out and pulled the shorts from her hips letting the slide down to her knees. She thrust her shaved pussy forward and I slid one hand behind her as I pressed my face to her crotch and used the other hand to spread her wet lips. My tongue darted out tasting her and I grabbed her ass bringing her forward. She ground herself into my face as I licked and teased her with my tongue. I slid a finger inside her and licked around it as I slid it out and then back in, joined by a second. She was wet and her pink slit closed tightly around my fingers as my tongue licked a hard little button at the top of her lips. 

After only a few moments of the combined licking and fingering, I felt her tense and heard her begin to moan as I continued to finger fuck her fast and lick her slit, tasting her juices. I felt a spasm on my fingers and I slid them in as far as I could letting her rock on them, nearly lifting her off the sink. She bit her hand as she came, stifling the "Oooooooo" that escaped her mouth.

As she became limp, I lifted her off the sink and unbuckled my pants. My cock had hardened and the tip was moist as I unzipped and lowered my underwear. "Time to repay Daddy. How do you want it, honey? I'd love a good suck."

She dropped to her knees, grabbing my cock in her hand and kissed the tip. As I watched, she opened her mouth and took it full into her mouth. Her tongue rolled around the tip as she sucked, going down fully and then slowly pulling back. I would not last long with this kind of attention. As she bobbed her head up and down on my hardness, I could hear a door open on one side. Others would be using the bathrooms. I hoped our absence hadn't been noticed. But I didn't much care. I had other things on my mind.

I used one hand to hold the back of her head and I thrust in time with her. Her mouth was working itself around my dick, taking it in and reluctantly letting it slide out. As I had thought, it only took a moment longer of having such attention on me and watching my cock slip in and out of her mouth before I started to cum. She held her mouth open and my tongue rested on her pink tongue. It spurted a load of white cum into her mouth and then another and another.

She closed as I finished and sucked the last drops off my cock as it began to deflate, then opened her mouth to show the mouthful of my jizz. As she rose, she closed her mouth, threw her head back and swallowed.

I grabbed her naked ass and pulled her to me and kissed her once again, tasting my salty cum in her mouth. As I released her I smacked her ass and we both bent to pull our clothes back up. "Don't forget to wash your hands, hon." I said with a wink to her. I opened the door and there was no one in the hall, so I made my way back to my booth. 

A moment later she followed and rejoined her group who had continued and never even noticed her being gone. I took a sip of coffee, found it had cooled, finished it and slid out of the seat. At the counter the hostess had my check and asked "Was everything alright? Have a good breakfast?"

"Never better. Best meal I have eaten here, ever." I replied. "And that table of four back there? I'd like to take care of their check as well. Can you add that on? I remember how it was to be a broke college student."

The hostess replied "I can do that, that is so nice of you. In fact the one girl there - with the blue shorts? She will be working here soon. She just got hired as a server."

"I guess I will be a regular then." I said as I turned to leave. A huge smile on my face, thinking about the possibility of future lunches there.