 It happened again today. Sandy asked me into her office. She asked, "if I thought about that day in the stock room?"

"Sure I do Sandy almost every night. Why do you ask?" 

"Well I wanted to know if you would do it again?"

I could not believe it she wanted me again. I was not bound to say no to her. she was stunning today. Dressed like a schoolteacher. White button-up shirt and a floor length red skirt. I could not tell what kind of panties and bra she had on if any. 

"We can not do it here no matter how much I want you. We have to be a little more discreet about this."

We have a conference call with a customer this afternoon I thought.

"Let me handle it the surprise will be better for you." I told her.

The day went on and she was more touchy than normal. 

Then the call came. Sandy came to my desk "time for the conference call." We went to the conference room. I pulled the blinds and locked the door. Sandy did not notice me do this. Earlier I called the office manager and reset our reservation for the room two more hours. 

Instead of sitting across from her I sat down right next to her. She smiled and hit the speakerphone. We greeted the customer. The meeting was going fine. Then I decided to make my move. I put my hand on her leg she looked at he and smiled. I slowly rubbed her leg. Slowly raising her skirt. She slid her perfect ass up on the seat. She still had to talk to the customer. My plan was to make her cum before we got off the call. I had one edge of her skirt all the way up to mid thy. She was wearing stockings not pantyhose because I could see the top of them. 

"What are you doing we have customer on the phone?" She asked after muting the phone.

I kissed her and whispered to her "I am going to make you cum before this call is over and you can not stop me. Just think of something else and try not to. You will love it trust me."

With that I un-muted the phone." Sorry about there was something we had to handle." The customer said that they understood. Right like they knew I had my hand up my bosses skirt sure. Sandy started to do the presentation. I slipped my hand up her skirt. To my surprise she spread her legs. I knew she wanted this as much as I did. I could feel the moistness in her panties. They where shear lace panties I could feel her skin through them. I started to tub her pussy lips slowly in circles pressing ever so slightly. I could see her taking a deeper breaths and her yes where closed. She was still talking. I was imp rest at her control. I decided to take it to the next level I slipped her panties aside a slowly slip my middle finger into her two knuckles deep. I wiggled my finger around as I pulled it in and out of her. Her hands gripped the arms of her chair. Her knuckles went white and her legs stiffened. She was cumming I could feel her muscles constricting and there was a light whimper that escaped her lips.

"Sandy what was that last thing you said?" the customer said. 

"She wanted me to handle the rest of your questions." I told them.

As I was dealing with them and their questions Sandy regained her composure. I guess she decided that it was her turn. 

She interrupted "Gentlemen I have take care of some things so I will leave in has hands." 

I pick the headpiece to the phone. Sandy did not leave the office. She wrote on a sheet of paper "MY TURN"

I smiled and winked mouthed " go ahead try."

With that she did. She knelt down in front of me and slowly undid my belt and slowly pulled it from the loops of my pants and set it on the floor. I smiled and answered the customer's questions. She undid the button of my fly. Slowly she pulled my zipper down I was starting to get hard. She could she the bulge in my briefs she started to pull my pants down. I looked at her at smiled and stood up. She pulled my pants down to my ankles. She quickly grabbed my briefs and pulled them down. My 6" prick sprung out. I sat back down not missing a beat with the customer. She started to play with my dick. Massaging it and licking it I wanted her to put me in her mouth. She didn't though she was happy to play with it more. I was finding difficult to answer the customer's questions. "Gentlemen pardon me but someone is at the door." With that I muted the phone and look at Sandy. She looked up at me and smiled. "What's wrong you can't take it?" 

"No dear I can take you doing that all day. You will have to do better then that to distract me." I smiled back at her and un-muted the phone. "Sorry gentlemen where were we. The locations that you have chosen are established sites" I looked down at Sandy and winked. Then she pushed it to the next level taking my full length into her mouth. Her mouth was so warm and wet I almost came right then. She started to suck and bob her head up and down on my dick. I could only last a few more minutes. Lucky for me I was ending the call. Now I wanted her. I wanted to be in her. Then I came my jizz filling her mouth. I was shocked again when she swallowed all of it in one gulp. 

" You made it. I could have sworn I had you there when I started. That always works on my husband." 

"Know that my be sweetheart, but he would not be still hard and planning to fuck you like I am" 

She stood up " and how is that." 

"Throu those sheer lace panties of yours. Just like you where a virgin again." I told her. 

"But my husband gave me these." She protested.

" Now if your husband was taking care of you. You wouldn't have me in your mouth and swallowing my cum." I said as I pulled her skirt up. 

She just nodded yes and kissed me. I picked her and sat her on the conference table. She spread her legs "I want you in me I want to feel you cum in me. Please fuck me." She purred. 

With that I step up to her and kissed her. She guided my dick to her covered pussy. The head of my dick slid on her panties I pressed then into her panty-clad pussy. It made it even tighter. Then the panties stop giving. I started to push harder. Then the sound of the lace ripping Sandy gasped a pulled me tight to her. "Oh it feels like the first time. Minuses the pain God it is so good." 

I started to pump her. I pumped faster I could see her breast bounced under her shirt. 

" Sandy you know I think your perfect. Everything the right size and so tight." Just then I felt her musicals clinched. 

"I can not take any more. Please are you even close. I have never been fucked like this before." she panted. I was still pumping away in her. She came four more times in the hour that I was fucking her. Then I came Sandy screamed in pleasure. 

"That was the best that I have ever had. You are single damn their lose my gain" 

It was well after 6 when we left the conference room. I went back to my desk there was a note on it. "I know what you two where doing. I will not say any thing about it and did not leave Sandy a note. I even covered for you two when her husband called. I just want you to do that to me next." It was from the hot Asian office manager. I think I am starting to love my job.