 Steve was sitting in his office chair, thinking about his intimate adventure with his secretary Amanda in the hotel room. As his mind replayed the events like a movie reel Steve's cock began stirring. God, she was hot. 

Since that day, they had dated many times and always ended up fucking all night long. They had even tried a few different positions and acted out some of their fantasies. He wondered what their next escapade would be. It was then that he remembered the invite to a swinging party he'd received in the mail from his friend John. The event would take place two weeks from Saturday. He hadn't really thought about going until now.

He would mention the party to Amanda and ask if she wanted to go. After all they could re-enact her favorite fantasy. Steve saw the image in his mind of her being tied up. He quivered all over and felt his dick grow harder, straining against the zipper of his pants.

"Oh God," he uttered. "She could even have her first threesome."

Steven picked up the phone and called her. "Amanda, can you come into the office for a moment? I have something I need to ask you."

"Be right there, boss."

Steven repositioned his cock and pulled himself up to the desk to hide his growing member. When he heard her knock on the door, he acted like he was working.

"Come in." 

Amanda walked into the office. Even in her conservative office attire she looked sexy.

She sat down in the chair in front of the desk with a pencil and steno pad in her hands. "What can I do for you, sir?" she asked.

Steve cleared his throat and felt sweat roll down the back of his neck. God, he was more nervous then a teenager about to ask a girl on their first date. 

"Well, I have something to ask you, and it doesn't concern the office."

"Ok, what's up?"

"I've been invited to a swinging party at a friend's house two weeks from Saturday and I was wondering if you'd like to go." 

"I'm not sure. I've never been to one before," she paused with a questioning look on her face. "Would I have to participate in any sexual activity while there?"

"That's all up to you, as some people just go to watch and others join in the fun. I thought you'd like to go just to see what it's like. If you don't like it we can always go someplace more private, like my place, and fuck," he replied with a devilish grin.

She thought it over for a moment and then flashed him one of her seductive looks while purring, "I think I'd like to go, Steve. After all I might enjoy that kind of party. However, I prefer to watch and see how things are before I join in on the fun."

He got up and walked around to where Amanda was sitting and helped her stand up. Steve pulled her close and kissed her passionately. He whispered, "Okay, we can do that. Mmm, baby, you smell so good. God I am so horny. How about I come over to your place tonight, and we can talk about what we could do at the party." 

She blushed, "Oooooh you, all you want to do is fuck, I can see it in your eyes. Be at my place around six p.m. okay? After all, you are not the only horny one in this room."

He wanted to shout, "Okay," and ravish her body right then and there, but decided to maintain a calm atmosphere at work. He kissed her again and walked Amanda to the door. He whispered, "See yah tonight, sexy."

Amanda opened the door, gave him a wink, and left the office.

Steve thought things over for a few minutes before sitting upright like someone pinched him on the ass. "I wonder what Amanda would do if I brought Sharon, my dominatrix friend, over tonight with me? Maybe I should ask her first," he thought. Steve then shook his head and grinned mischievously. He'd just show up at her door and surprise her with the idea. 

After work, Amanda ate a light supper and washed the dishes. She then walked into the bathroom to take a long bubble bath. Amanda wanted to look sexy and fresh when Steve arrived. After pampering herself for about an hour, she dried off, wrapped the towel around her body, and headed for the bedroom.

Once there, she walked over to her full-length mirror and dropped the towel. While ogling her body, Amanda ran her fingers down its sexy curves. "Not bad for an ole lady. Babe you still got it, you're sexy as hell!"

She walked over to her dresser, opened the top drawer, and began searching through the many colors of lingerie. "Oh my, I have so many sexy teddies it's hard to decide what to wear."

She finally decided on a purple one with its sheer lace, spaghetti straps, and snap crotch. The color would accent her hair and eyes, and make Steve drool from more than his mouth. After putting the teddy on, she covered herself with its matching silk robe. Amanda didn't need to wear a lot of clothing, because as soon as Steve entered the door, they'd be discarded anyways. 

Amanda had just finished dabbing her favorite cologne behind her ears when the door bell rang. Oh God it had to be Steve. Oooooh, he was so fucking handsome and she couldn't get enough of his body.

She walked into the living room toward the door saying, "Hang on, I'm coming!"

When looking out the peep-hole she saw that it was Steve and opened the door without hesitation. Amanda almost passed out. There stood Steve with another woman. Amanda invited them in and as they sat down on the sofa, she flashed Steve a look that was filled with daggers. "How dare him!"

He saw that she was upset and spoke to her with a calm voice. "Now don't be mad, love. This is Sharon I brought her over so she could tell you more about John's party. 

Amanda blinked, and then blushed. "Ah-oh-hum, well I'm not sure I want her here darling. After all, it was just supposed to be the two of us tonight."

"I know, but just hear her out, and then if you want her to leave she can. Sharon didn't come with me, but rather drove over here in her own car. 

"Okay. 

Amanda excused herself, saying she was going to make some coffee. 

Steve patted the seat next to him and said, "No need for that, honey, come sit down." 

She did as instructed and soon the three of them began talking. Amanda asked, "Sharon, what do you do at these kinds of parties?"

Sharon replied, "First off let me tell you a little about myself. I am bisexual. I will try almost anything once, except for piss, animals, and children. I often use pain mixed with pleasure, but not the excruciating pain. When I go to parties like this I love to play the role of a dominatrix. I usually show up accompanied by a male and female sex slave, and together we put on a pretty good show to get things, heated up. Steve has been one of my sex slaves and we had a lot of fun doing it." 

Amanda found the conversation arousing. Her nipples began to swell, and her crotch grew damp. She fidgeted in her seat and said, "Ooooh, that sounds interesting,—but---I---.would never do---anything like that."

Sharon laughed and explained, "Most people say that, but end up having a blast, because I do not inflict a lot of pain."

Steve felt his cock stiffen and just couldn't help interrupting the conversation. "I have an idea, why don't we role play and see what happens."

Amanda looked at him and then over at Sharon. She could sense that they too, were aroused. After licking her lips and looking at them with a come fuck-me look she purred, "I think that this a great idea. What do I do?" 

Sharon spoke up and asked, "What do you feel about being blindfolded and tied up?"

Amanda quivered all over with anticipation and responded, "Oh My God, this is so exciting! I have a fantasy about being tied up and blindfolded. Ooooh Steve, please forgive me for being angry. I want you to strip and watch the show, for now."

Steve stripped and sat down in the winged chair by the sofa. His dick was already getting hard and oozing with pre-cum. He licked his lips and said, "Fuck, I love watching things like this!"

"Shhh, Steve, be quiet and watch or we might just have to tie you up."

As he watched, Sharon kissed Amanda and then placed the blindfold around her eyes and made sure she couldn't see. Then she told her to stand and remove her lingerie, saying, "I cannot tie you up with that stuff on. Just let me know if it's too tight."

Amanda stood and Sharon helped her out of her clothing. She then placed her hands behind her back and let Sharon tie them together.

"That's not too tight, is it?"

"No, they're alright," Amanda replied.

Afterwards she was helped to sit back down on the sofa. With her hands bound and her eyes blinded, Amanda couldn't see anything. As she waited for things to begin, it seemed like an eternity before anything happened. She quivered and felt the sweat running down her back. Her nipples hardened, aching to be touched, and her clit throbbed. 

"Oooooh God, will someone please have their way with me!" she cried.

All of a sudden she was slapped hard across the ass and a female voice spoke. "Who gave you permission to talk bitch! You must not talk until I give you permission, got it?"

Amanda quivered with both fear and excitement. God, this is just how her fantasy unfolded. 

Then she felt the occasional brush of a hand across her breast. She wasn't sure if it was Steve or Sharon. Then someone held her tit up and kissed it before sucking it into their mouth while someone else spread her feet further apart. Amanda wasn't sure but she thought someone sat down on the floor in front of her. Oooooooh fuck, she hoped it was Steve, because he sure knew how to eat pussy!

A hand came from behind and to her tits. It touched each one and then settled on one nipple, giving it a good hard pinch. 

Then all of a sudden it stopped and no one touched her. Again it seemed like an eternity before anything happened. 

Then Amanda felt someone's head against her thigh and a pair of thin arms pulled her forward, until her ass rested on the front edge of the sofa.

A tongue slides along the full length of her pussy as someone's finger glided across her ass. Inside her mind Amanda was screaming, "Ooooooh, aaarrrggghhh, FUCK ME, make me your slave!"

Then she heard Sharon's voice, "You like that, don't you, bitch? You're permitted to speak."

"Yes, my mistress. Please have your way with me."

"I see that you indeed know your place, my fucking slave. Now, no more talking, you belong to me now!"

Sharon then looked over at Steve and nodded so Amanda wouldn't know he was joining in on the fun. She then pointed at Amanda's lips and gave him the hand signal for fucking her mouth and winked. 

Steve understood what Sharon wanted because the two of them had done this before. Hell, he'd even been one of her slaves. When she signaled him by winking, Steve knew he was to fuck Amanda's mouth. Ooooooooh fuck, he almost lost his load right then and there. 

Sharon then knelt between Amanda's legs and began tantalizing her pussy. As she flicked her tongue across its sensitive clit aggressively, two of her fingers went inside her vagina. 

Amanda was brought closer and closer to an earth-shattering orgasm. She couldn't hold back any longer. She opened her mouth and yelled, "Eat me, bite my clit, ooooooooh fuck, I'm going to cum!" 

And just as her body quaked with a climax, she felt Steve's cock against her lips, smearing them with precum. Amanda opened her mouth and sucked his cock in deep and hard until her lips touched his pubic hairs.

He held her head ramming it in, while telling her how much of a pretty cum slut she was. 

She reached up and fondled his full balls, then stopped for a moment to wet her index finger. Then Amanda continued to deep-throat Steve. 

As her tongue and teeth drove him crazy, Sharon wet her index finger, teasing his anus and entering it. As her finger-fucked Steve's ass, he shouted, "Ooooooooh, fuck my ass, baby, deeper--harder!" 

When her finger went all the way inside his ass, Steve held her head close to his body and exploded streams of hot cum down Amanda's throat. 

She hungrily drank his jism not wanting to miss a drop. 

Slowly Steve removed his cock from Amanda's mouth and then kissed her deep and hard.

Sharon watched the two of them for a moment before getting up. She went to get something out of her goodie bag. 

When Sharon returned she gave Amanda an order. "Bitch, I'm going to untie you now and remove your blindfold. After that you will need to pleasure your mistress."

Once unencumbered she saw Sharon on the sofa with her legs spread wide and her pussy glistening with moisture. She moved up between her mistress's legs and began to lick her pussy, cleaning it well hoping it would please her mistress. 

"That's it, bitch, clean me good, even my asshole! Then you must fuck me deep and hard with that dildo lying next to me."

Sharon purred with delight and began shaking all over, knowing she was close to climaxing. When she Amanda shoved the dildo slide deep and hard inside her hot hole, Sharon screamed, "Oh fuck," covering the toy and Amanda's whole hand with her cum.

Steve ogled them both and felt his cock stirring again. "Hey ladies, what do you think about the three of us putting on a show like this at John's party?"