 The phone rings, so I answer... couldn't have been more shocked to receive a phone call from her just a few days before Christmas... we'd once been an 'item', but hadn't really had much contact in a while, for reasons best left unsaid... we caught up on what had been going on in our lives for a while, then she asked if I had plans for Christmas Eve... totally shocked, not knowing what else to say, I told her I didn't, and found myself saying 'yes' to her invitation to dinner...

The next few days passed in a blur, and before I knew it, I was knocking on her door... nervous as hell, but the good kind of nervous, looking forward to seeing her again... wondering what she was up to, and why she'd decided to call me out of the blue like that...

My questions were answered when the door opened... there she stood, as beautiful as I remembered, and possibly more so... long auburn hair framing her sweet face... Santa hat perched jauntily on top of her head, green eyes sparkling, lips formed in a little grin as she watched my eyes go wide in surprise... she was wearing, barely, the outfit we'd got for her right before we lost contact with each other...

It was a Santa suit, but unlike any he'd ever wore: red silk push-up bra, white fur trim almost but not quite hiding the tops of her nipples which were already hardening... matching red silk panties, the kind where the straps rest high on the hips and, I noticed as she did a slow turn for me, the kind with the single strip of fabric that disappeared into that amazing ass cleavage... I felt myself growing hard almost in spite of myself as she completed her turn and my eyes continued on... long, trim, muscular legs – already beautiful curves accentuated sharply by the red satin 4" spike heel shoes she was wearing...

Finally able to gasp "hi Lora" as she laughed, taking me by the hand and leading me inside her apartment, closing the door behind us... pushing softly on my chest, she guides me back to the chair where I sit, watching, almost unable to move... she walks over to the stereo, turns on some music, and turns back to me... "I've been wanting to model this for you for awhile now, so just sit back and relax"...

She leans over and places a small, soft, almost chaste kiss on my lips as her body starts to move to the beat of the music... chuckling to herself at what must have been an almost comical look of shock on my face... her hands sliding up and over her flat, taut-muscled stomach... eyes locked on mine as she cups her breasts, thumbs making small circles over the fabric stretched tight over her nipples, causing them to harden more...

Lifting her breast to her lips, tongue darting out to flick the exposed portion of first one nipple, then the other... smiling at me when she stretches her arms over her head, hands clasped, hips grinding side to side so seductively in time with the music... turning suddenly, bending sharply at the waist, legs splayed, hair hanging down as she looks back at me, seeing my finger crook at her, beckoning her to me...

She reaches between her legs, running the very tip of her middle finger over the silk covering her sex... leering at me, teasing me before she stands... turning back to face me once again, walking toward me, hips moving saucily side to side until she's right in front of me... everything I can do not to just grab her and take her right there, the reasons for our loss of contact now the furthest thing from my mind...

Almost as if she can read my thoughts, she laughs and in one quick motion lifts her left leg high, bringing her foot down on the back of the chair right beside my head... grinning up at her, love the way her leg looks like that... spike-heeled shoe planted firmly on the back of the chair next to my head... leg crooked just so at the knee... other straight, muscles taut, supporting her... hands resting on my head to help hold her steady...

Hooking my fingers into the red silk fabric of her panties, pulling them aside slowly... gradually exposing her smooth-shaven lips, so swollen, seeming to pout at me, already moist, showing me her desire.... easing my tongue from between my lips, tenderly gliding just the very tip of it over her sex, bottom to top, culminating with a quick little flip of her clit...

Pausing, pulling back, turning my face up towards hers and grinning at her evilly, whispering "shall I go on?"... chuckling as she nods her head emphatically, eyes squeezed shut tight, long auburn tresses bouncing around her face, control of the situation passing so easily, so quickly from her to me....

Darting my head forward quickly, lips forming a tiny little "o" as they plant firmly on her swollen, hardening clit... sucking gently, softly, moving my head side to side, pulling the little nub with me... pushing her clit out with my tongue, then quickly sucking it back inside, again and again, over and over, moving slowly, almost lazily on her...

Dipping my head a bit, tongue extended fully, sliding it along the crevice of her ass, over that sensitive patch of skin that separates it from her pussy, pushing forward as it contacts her lips, sliding inside her... stopping only when my lips are firmly against hers, kissing her deeply, passionately on that most sensitive of body parts... feeling her sweet nectar flowing from her so freely, coating my tongue, my lips, my nose, my cheeks, running down my chin...

Pulling back again, noting the quizzical, frustrated look on her face as I lift her leg from the chair, settling it to the floor as I stand... pausing just long enough to place a small, soft, almost chaste kiss on her lips, body never losing contact with hers as I move behind her...

Gently pressing a hand between her shoulder blades, bending her forward at the waist, her arms extending and hands finding the back of the chair, supporting her in this position... kneeling slowly behind her, easing her panties over her hips, pulling them free of her slightly parted thighs, holding them at her feet to allow her to step out of them before I cast them aside...

Resting there on my knees, looking at her, seeing her look back around her outstretched arm at me... admiring the view of her sweet, round, firm ass, jutting so proudly... the way her legs part for me without being bidden.... how those red satin spike-heeled shoes accentuate the muscular curve of her legs...

Leaning forward, hand grasping the backs of her thighs just below her ass, parting her legs further still... bringing my head forward until my nose just touches that sweet patch of skin below her sex... inhaling deeply, letting her sweet, spicy, musky scent fill my nostrils...

Smiling, feeling the shivers coursing through her body and hearing her gasp at my touch already, though I've yet to even begin pleasuring her... strong, hard fingers digging into her thighs as I extend my tongue with excruciating slowness, letting it graze along the swollen lips that seem to almost try to reach out and pull me into her......

Kneeling behind her, strong hands parting those sweet, perfectly formed ass cheeks... sliding my tongue from between my lips and stiffening it... pressing my head forward, letting my tongue graze of her smooth-shaven pussy.... starting at her clit, just starting to peek out at me... gliding it over her lips, almost but not quite parting them... spreading my legs to make my stiffening cock more comfortable as it hardens from the feel, scent, and taste of her sex... pausing for a second to tenderly flick back and forth over the patch of flesh that separates pussy from ass before proceeding higher, dragging just the very tip along the crevice between her cheeks....

Feeling her clench a bit and then relax as I repeat this motion, again and again... toying with her, teasing her, mouth moving almost lazily over her... taking a moment at the end of each stroke to savor the taste of the sweet nectar gathered on my tongue...

Smiling, crouching down a bit and leaning my head back... tongue protruding from my lips and stiffened like a miniature cock... raising my head slowly, penetrating her gently, tongue parting her lips a little at a time.... stopping only when my lips come to rest on hers, chin pressed firmly to her clit... moaning against her as I feel her flexing her pussy around me... smooth, sweet, musky, oily-slick juices flowing from her so freely, coating my lips, my nose, my cheeks, running down my chin...

Moving my head up and down in a slow, steady, firm rhythm... fucking her with my mouth, much as I will later with my cock... feeling her legs tremble and her body shake as she meets each of my upward thrusts by settling her hips down, grinding her pussy into me...

Sliding my hands up her body, following the outward then inward curve of her hips... fingers digging into her flesh with the most sweetest of pressures, tracing the outward swell of her ribcage, letting my hands find the silk fabric covering her breasts... gently, almost hesitantly, allowing my hands to search for the pert little nubs that jut from them... softly, barely touching, grasping her nipples between thumbs and forefingers and slowly rolling, moving in the sync with my mouth on her...

Hearing her moans, feeling her body alternately tensing and relaxing as the waves of pleasure wash over her, knowing she's enjoying this as much, if not more, than I am... 

Lifting myself from my knees, tongue slipping from her pussy as I rise, letting the tip drag over her, leaving a trail of moisture through the cleavage of her ass, between those two cute little dimples just above her hips, and along the entire length of her spine, hands lifting and guiding her upright... standing there, fingers interlocked on the smooth, soft flesh over her belly, pressing the growing bulge in the front of my pants to her, nose buried in her long auburn tresses, whispering so softly, sweetly in her ear, calm voice belying the passion that threatens to explode out of me, "My god, Lora... my god... I'm going to have her like this all night, you know that, don't you?"

Taking her hand in mine as I turn her, kissing her softly before we begin to cross the room... not looking at her, but knowing she can't take her eyes from me as she wonders what's to come next, smiling a soft smile to myself as the thoughts race through my mind...

Pulling her to me as I turn to face her, our knees barely brushing the silk sheets that cover the huge four-posted bed... lips finding hers, kissing her almost chastely at first, lips barely touching her, feeling each other's heartbeats through our chests... letting my tongue dart out, tasting her sweet mouth and her even sweeter sex simultaneously, gently flicking the tip over hers... hands sliding up her back, finding the clasp of her bra and unfastening, parting our bodies just long enough to slide the straps over her shoulders and let it fall to the floor before pulling her back to me....

Feeling her hand steal between us, stroking the bulge at the front of my pants, moaning a bit at first, then circling her wrist with my fingers and pulling her away gently... lips parting from hers, whispering as my eyes bore into her, "Plenty enough time for that later, sweet..."

Lowering her to the bed before me, kneeling beside her, wrapping my hands around her waist and guiding her to a comfortable position... smiling at her as her head comes to rest on the pillow, that amazing mane of auburn hair splayed out around her face... head cocked somewhat to the side, looking at me coyly... her arms crooked, hands laying on the pillow next to her head... one leg stretched out straight, other bent at the knee, foot resting flat on the bed... reaching down to run the tip of a finger along her jaw line, smiling at her, mischievous look in my eye as I move to the foot of the bed, peeling my shirt from my body and casting it aside as I move....

Standing there, reaching down and picking up one of the 4, long, soft, silk scarves there... chuckling as I see the reaction in her eyes, knowing she'd put them there just for this purpose... running the silk through my fingers, eyes narrowing as I stare at her, feeling through her gaze her attempt to seemingly will my ideas from my mind.... lifting the remaining scarves from the footboard, I return to the bedside, hearing the small gasp escape her lips when the bed settles as I lower my knee to it, body leaning over hers...

Dropping the silk in a pile next to her on the bed, lifting one denim-clad leg over her, straddling her hips, sitting on her softly and looking down at her.... dropping my bared chest to hers, nipples softly grazing against each others' as I let our lips touch, tongue probing against hers.... sliding my hands over her ribcage softly, up the underside of her arms, stretching them above her head....

Sliding my body higher on hers, legs spread wide, stretching the fabric of my jeans taut over my shaft... reaching down and picking up one of the scarves, grinning at her as I lean forward, bulge at the front of my jeans almost but not quite brushing her lips... letting her feel the heat radiate from me, smell my man-scent as my hands work on hers... crossing one of her wrists over the other, wrapping the silk around them, tight enough to hold them securely together, but not so tight as to hurt...

Second scarf used to wrap around the first between her wrists, then tied to the headboard... her arms pulled tight, straight above her head... pushing my hips forward a bit, brushing the front of my jeans against her lips before I lift my leg back over her, kneeling beside her on the bed, looking down at her... breasts jutting proudly... creamy-smooth skin of her belly jumping with nervous excitement... eyes wide, watching my every move... looking down, noting her inner thighs glistening with her moisture....

Reaching out, running a finger through that moisture, feeling her squirm and try to push her hips down to my hand, but I pull my hand away before she can.... starting to lift my finger to my lips, then pausing.... grinning, looking at her as I lower my hand to her breast, spreading that sweet nectar over a nipple... bending, one hand supporting her head, the other lifting her breast, guiding it to both of our lips simultaneously, our tongues joining to clean her....

Standing, moving to the foot of the bed, gazing at her as I grasp one of those delicate, perfectly-turned ankles of hers... stretching her leg gently, spreading it at a 45-degree angle to her body, pointed directly at the footpost nearest me.... wrapping the silk from ankle to footpost, again and again, tying off the ends tightly.... slowly easing around to the other side of the bed, hearing her soft whimpers and watching her body writhe as she tries to think of a way to get me to work faster... chuckling to myself as I pull the other leg at a matching angle to the other, tying it as well, knowing patience never was one of her strong points....

Standing at the foot of the bed, right in the center, gazing down at her.... unconsciously leaning forward so that the front of my jeans rubs against the footboard, massaging my almost painfully hard cock through my jeans... her so beautiful there before me... long auburn hair framing her face... dark eyes flashing at me, opened wide... lips parted, nostrils flaring as she tries to control her breathing... full, sweet, soft breasts, topped by those pert little rock-hard nipples, pulled to the side a bit by gravity... stomach muscles quivering and shaking... every muscle in her legs outlined... her sweet, pouty, pussy lips throbbing, clit fully exposed, small dark spot forming beneath her as her juices flow...

Turning, crossing the room, walking out the door... smiling at the frustrated, confused sigh I hear behind me... returning just a moment later, oaken box in my hands, topped with a large silver bucket of ice... setting them down on the nightstand, then seating myself next to her on her left side... right foot planted firmly on the floor, right hand resting on my thigh... left leg cocked and resting on the bed... reaching down with my left hand, letting it wander between her legs, softly grazing just the tip of my middle finger along her slit, feeling her lips actually try to reach out and pull me in, sensing her growing hunger, her need... leaning down, lips softly contacting hers, breath filling her mouth as I whisper "Are her ready, Lora?"...

Resting comfortably there on the bed beside her, just the very tip of my middle finger dragging almost lazily back and forth over the outermost edges of her slit... watching her, so beautiful like that, bound hand and foot, waiting for me... seeing her take in a breath, voice a little shaky and a little frustrated at the same time as her answer, "Yes, god yes... just hurry"... laughing at her, her lack of patience is going to be the root cause of such sweet suffering for her... 

Dipping my finger inside her, eyes locked on hers, watching them go wide and her back arch as I push it completely inside her, stopping only when the knuckles of my other fingers rest on her lips.... slowly moving it back and forth, then withdrawing it, seeing and hearing her non-verbal protests when it leaves the sweet, silky, moist folds... reaching out to her face, running the tip of my finger over the sexy curved outline of her full, red lips, spreading her sweet nectar on them... bending down to kiss her softly just as her tongue darts out to gather that nectar... both of us cleaning her together in a long, slow, hungry, passionate soul kiss....

Sitting upright again, eyes traveling over her body... the flush spreading from her cheeks, along her neck, over her breasts... the quivering of her arm and leg muscles as she strains against the bonds that hold her.... the way her nipples jut straight up from the tips of her breasts, rock hard... how she struggles to bring her legs together so as to somehow get some kind of relief for that throbbing, aching, so-wet pussy.... wanting to just rip my pants off and take her, right here, right now... long, slow, deep thrusts inside her, interspersed with occasional periods of short, rapid, ball-slapping pistoning of our sexes together until we both just explode together.... but making myself wait....

Turning to the nightstand and the oaken box I placed there.... lifting the lid, my broad back blocking her view as her strain to see what I'm doing... not seeing her, but knowing there's a look of both anticipation and frustration on her face when she hears the hissing scratch, followed by silence... sitting like that for a moment, letting the item I just prepared get ready for her... listening to her moan, feeling the bed move as her struggle to position herself so her can see around me... chuckling to myself, enjoying this so much when I hear "damn you Scott... damn you" in a lusty, throaty voice...

Lifting the item and turning my attention back to her, watching her eyes go wide and her jaws go slack when she sees the item I've retrieved... holding it upright directly at a spot a foot above her breasts so she can see it clearly.... a thick, long, red pillar candle... nice little spout of flame topping it, melting the wax into a widening pool around the wick.... rotating my wrist slowly, letting her see the little wave of wax that runs to the edge and then back again as my hand moves... hearing her gasp when a little runs over the edge and down the side, but cooling on the candle before it can drip to her flesh....

Tilting my hand over, starting at a point just below her throat and running a stream of wax the entire length of her torso, stopping just past her navel.... hearing her soft scream, feeling and seeing her body writhe and buck as the sweet pain/pleasure courses through her.... hearing her soft, breathless words of protest, knowing she doesn't mean them when I lift the candle above a breast, letting the molten wax drip onto the nipple that stands so proud there... seeing the little nub actually shiver on its own as the heat attacks it, causing it to harden even more... letting the wax drip over her cleavage, candle tilting further, pausing over the other breast and coating that nipple as well... wax greying as it cools, contracting around her flesh....
