 For too long now I've craved you and been addicted to you. How many times must I have stroked myself thinking of you? In my thoughts night and day there you are, popping up when I least expect it, when I thought maybe I had moved on and forgotten.....kidding myself. I've fantasized about touching you, kissing every bare inch of flesh on your body. Talking to you, laughing with you, seducing your mind and your heart....then your body. How many times have I played this scenario in my mind? Every last lovely, filthy, sexy, erotic, enticing, intimate detail and emotion explored.

One day. Meet me. One of those large, uninspiring corporate hotels, you know the type of place you must have stayed in them often enough. The kind of place we can blend into the background and be completely unknown except to each other. I'd wear a dress, not too formal and nor too casual. Something flowing and light. Red, my favourite colour. Four inch heels, silky smooth lightly tanned bare legs. Some new lingerie, picked out especially for you. Lacy and daring, a contrast to how I would feel as I walk through the lobby towards you. I would desperately be trying to keep some control over my poise despite my legs feeling like jelly. You'd be at the bar in a dark grey business suit looking cool and controlled on the surface yet slightly unsure and vulnerable beneath. You'd smile and stand to greet me. Would we hug like a couple of old friends or perhaps a brief demure kiss...on the lips or on the cheek?

We'd have a drink in the bar. Something strong and warming, dutch courage to steady our nerves (who am I kidding; my nerves). Sat down. I want you to look at me, across the table. I want you to really look at me, the way I look at you. I'd study every movement you make, your expression, your lips. The way you look at me would sends waves of electricity to every nerve ending. I'm terrified, unsure and completely thrilled by the web of lust and desire we've been trapped within for so long. I barely dare believe we're actually here, so close. So close I can smell your delicious aftershave. So close that I could reach out and touch your skin, your hair, your lips. I wonder how you'd feel at this moment. 

You'd request a room in a quiet part of the hotel. We would close that door behind us and the real world would be locked outside too. This would be time for us, and only us. No disturbances, no distractions, our world and we are the only two people in it. The curtains already drawn and a pair of lamps provide gentle illumination. I notice you've pre-ordered some champagne. Chilled Veuve Cliquot in an ice bucket by the bed. How did you know that was my favourite? Had I told you and forgotten, had it somehow cropped up in one of our long, drawn out conversations? Did you come up here and arrange all of this before our drink in the bar? Is the champagne for now or........after? My head is spinning with excitement, anticipation, nerves.

I'm aware of our awkwardness! Standing in the middle of the room, silent, not knowing exactly where to look or what move to make next. Perhaps this was a bad idea, maybe it was just never meant to be......I look up and smile at you then look down at the floor embarrassed. You step towards me, brush the hair away that has fallen in front of my face and tuck it behind my ears. Instinctively I lift my face towards yours. Your lips, those lips that have been a part of my dreams for so long fall on mine. Our first kiss, my lips instantly dry up craving the moisture of your mouth and tongue. A long, slow, passionate, much anticipated first kiss....neither of us are in a hurry for this particular moment to end. As that rush, a mix of adrenalin and desire, kicks in the kiss becomes more intense, more electrical. You draw me closer. My nipples harden as I become increasingly aware of you pressing your chest against mine, your erection hard against my hip.

Still in the middle of the room your hands tentatively, tenderly move towards the zip at the nape of my neck. Such a sensitive area, the thought of your fingers brushing against my skin is gives me goosebumps. I want you to unzip my red dress, slowly. I would relax my shoulders and allow the dress to seductively, slowly slip down landing in a heap around my feet, leaving me stood before you in nothing but my lacy scarlet underwear. I want to gauge your reaction, watch the hunger in your eyes and the bulge in your trousers. Would you be aware of how exposed and vulnerable I feel or is this the kind of thing you've done a dozen times before? What is it you would want from me now? Should I unhook my bra? Allowing the straps to slide down my exposed shoulders and arms before landing softly on floor. That was always a part of the fantasy wasn't it? You stood behind me, your hands gently cupping each breast my nipples hardening against your warm palms. What would you say to me? Would you be talking to me, telling me how much you want me, how much more you want from me? How would it feel to have you brush your lips against my nipples, you tongue tracing my soft flesh, circling each hard bullet, hungrily sucking them filling me with intense desire. My soaked panties moulded to my skin.

Would you pick me up in your arms and lay me down in the middle of that large bed? Your fingers grasping at the waist of the ruby red lace lingerie, easing it over my thighs and down my legs. You'd be knelt on the floor still fully dressed. I imagine you raining kisses down on my ankles working your way up to my calves, then inside my thighs. Would I smell as sweet as you'd imagined or sweeter, would I taste as sweet as you'd imagined or sweeter? How would it feel to have you ease my thighs wide apart and have your lips pressed against me, your tongue flicking endlessly against my clit. Would my body tense as your tongue pushes it's way inside or would I move and shift myself to help guide your mouth to where I want and need it to be? Your hot breath on my thighs would drive me insane, I wouldn't be able to control my cries of pleasure as I ride your face. Would you enjoy hearing my involuntary screams as you make me cum for the first time and the second and the third....?

Now I want you naked. Me on the edge of the bed with you standing before me. I watch you remove your tie before letting it slide through your fingers onto the floor. I slowly unbutton your shirt and kiss your stomach as you ease it off your shoulders. I sit back a little and watch as you remove the rest of your clothes. Seeing you naked for the first time, seeing your cock hard because of me I can't help but feel satisfied. Later I want to touch you, stroke you, kiss you, suck you and return every ounce of pleasure you've given me but before that, more than anything, I want to feel you inside of me. I want to feel your cock teasing my pussy, easing my wet lips apart and thrusting deep into me for the very first time. How does that feel? I want you to fuck me. Slowly at first with deep rhythmic thrusts, then faster and harder, more intense in response to my gasps and cries. Your hands entwined with mine are pushing me down into the bed whilst we urgently fuck, my legs wrapped behind you locking your body onto mine. Telling me with your eyes you want this as badly so that when you cum intensely, desperately and urgently as my pussy spasms around your cock it feels like you're a part of me. Talk to me between exhausted heavy breaths, tell me you want us to stay like this, entwined together, relaxing together in the afterglow waiting for the delights yet to come....

Would you like that?