 "Great!" She muttered under her breath. "Where's an umbrella when you need one?"

She didn't even have a jacket or a sweater that she could use to shield herself against the worst of the unexpected summer downpour.

She took one more furtive glance around the warm, and more importantly dry, coffee shop where she had enjoyed a very long lunch. Perhaps this was karma's way of punishing her for stretching her sixty-minute lunch break into a ninety-minute bitch session.

Her coworkers had opted to head back to the office on time, but Sophie couldn't be bothered to follow the rules. 

Just ask Harold, her former boss. She had talked him into a long lunch break more than once. Harold was a legendary defense attorney, and he had fucked her into submission more times than she could remember. He had fucked her once or twice on his enormous mahogany desk, a handful of times on the microfiber couch that had sat under the window in his corner office and on one very memorable occasion in his private bathroom. 

Ah, those days were over. Harold had transferred to the New York office almost a year ago. That had meant Sophie had not only waved goodbye to Harold but also to all that steamy office sex that had broken up the monotony of the work week. There were certainly new prospects, Chris Wood in research for one, but none of them had the balls to get down and dirty on company time, or furniture.

"Enough stalling!" she whispered to herself as she opened the coffee shop's front door. She ran the entire way back to the office. When she burst through the first bank of glass doors, she was winded and soaking wet. Her open-neck white blouse was all but see through; and although Sophie hadn't noticed that her nipples were poking through the fabric, the security guard stationed at the entrance sure had. He was now in possession of a semi-hard dick. He thanked god he was behind the information desk when she turned around and sent up a quick wave. 

"Where in the hell am I going to get a towel?" Sophie asked the empty elevator. The elevator was walled in dark brown carpet reminiscent of coffee colored corrugated cardboard so she couldn't even check her appearance before stepping off onto her floor. Thankfully the office was quiet and...empty? 

"Where is everyone?" Sophie wondered. "Whatever! At least I don't have to explain myself! Not yet anyway." She needed to find something to dry off with, and quick. 

Sophie wanted to get seated at her desk as soon as possible, that way she could attempt to look like she had been there for the last hour. This made the firm's bathroom a little out of bounds. The only other place with some paper towels was the staff room, or what some people liked to call the "break" room. Sophie made a bee-line for it now, praying there was hot coffee. She had started to shiver under the ever blowing central air. She made herself a silent promise that if she got out of this without incident today, she would do better from here on out. No more long lunches!

"Why can't I be like everyone else? Why can't I come back to the office when I am supposed to? Jesus! Is it so hard to follow the rules?" A voice from behind her answered, "I am glad you aren't like everyone else." Sophie's heart skipped a beat. She had just stepped into the staff room and was searching the cupboards for a new package of towels, the damn dispenser was out. She didn't turn, too afraid she would give herself away. Instead, she continued opening and closing cupboards. 

"Where is everyone?" she asked the voice, as nonchalantly as possible. 

"They have all gone upstairs for the quarterly report. Did you forget?" This time it came from directly behind her. 

"Shit!" Sophie thought. "Quarterlies are today! Now I really am in trouble!"

"Susan told me I didn't really need to be there this time, it's no biggie. What about you?" she replied, hoping to come off as unaffected, "Why aren't you up there?"

"Well, actually I am down here looking for you. Susan told me to come down and see if I could find you."

"So much for that," Sophie thought.

"Oh, she must have forgotten. God dammit! Trevor, do you know where there are some extra towels?" 

"As a matter of fact, I do." Sophie could hear a smile in his voice.

She was startled to see him standing so close but relieved to see he was holding out a new package of towels. Sophie snatched them from his hand and began to leave the little room. Before she reached the door Trevor stepped in front of her. 

"I would much rather you stayed wet, Sophie." 

"I bet you would Trevor but I think we'd both better get upstairs before we lose our jobs," she countered, smiling.

"Oh, I don't think they'll miss us if we stay down here a little bit longer." He reached out and brushed his thumb against her hardened nipple. Sophie quickly recoiled from his uninvited touch. 

"Jesus Trevor! Who do you think you are?" she exclaimed. Her surprise was more at herself than it was at him. Her body was responding even as she was backing up. She could feel a burning starting to creep into her belly and that wild girl in her head was begging, "Please! Please! Let him fuck you!" 

Trevor stood there with a knowing grin on his lips. He obviously had no intention of moving. 

"Sophie, I have been thinking about what I would do to you if given the chance for quite awhile now, and this just happens to be the perfect opportunity. How long has it been since someone satisfied you?" He had taken off his jacket and was hanging it on the back of the closest chair. 

"Trevor, I think that's beside the point. Anyway, it doesn't really matter because this little fantasy you've played out in your head is not happening, at least not today. Look at me. I have got to get dried off and come up with some kind of plausible story before that meeting ends."

She sat down on one of the low sofas and took some towels from the wrapper. They weren't ideal, but at least she could use them to get her hair to stop dripping. They might even allow her to turn her shirt back to the once opaque white it had been this morning. Her skirt hadn't gotten that wet, but her patent leather black heels had tiny specks of dirt all over them. She undid the little gold buckle that sat slightly above her ankle and slipped them off. Using the damp towels she had used to dry her hair she quickly wiped each one clean.

Trevor walked toward the door now and Sophie thought, "Good! At least he's coming to his senses!" Her hopes were quickly dashed when he leaned out, snatched the doorknob and closed the door, thumbing the lock as he pulled it shut. 

"Is this really happening? This is such a bad idea!" Sophie's rational mind squealed.

It was plain to see that Trevor meant business when he turned from the door. Sophie felt hot all over and her mind was racing, looking for a way out. Her body demanded she stay right where she was. She didn't know what she had expected but found herself somewhat disappointed when Trevor sat on the opposite end of the brown and cream floral print sofa. 

"Did you expect me to give you the bum's rush or what?" Trevor said. 

Sophie caught a twinkle in Trevor's eye and cursed herself for being so easy to read. 

"I'll be clear", he continued, "if you want me to take you by force I'll happily oblige you, but I don't want you to come up for air and decide this is too risky and leave me here with a raging hard-on and nowhere to put it." 

"Was he taunting her? Too risky?" That was a dare if Sophie had ever heard one. Still she had her reservations. 

He moved closer and laid his hand on her bare knee. It was warm and inviting and when he brushed his thumb across her leg she tried to fight the fire that spread up her thigh and deep within her belly. She did her best to hide what she was feeling; she didn't want Trevor to know he had won. 

Sophie stood up and took the paper towels over to the dispenser. Trevor didn't look worried and made no attempt to move. She began filling the dispenser.

"How long are you going to keep this up Sophie?" Trevor asked. "I know you want this as much as I do. So why don't you come over here and sit on my lap?" 

"You know, Trevor, I've seen the way you look at me. I've caught you starring at my ass and undressing me with your eyes, like last week at Chance's going away party, but I had no idea you had the balls to pull a stunt like this. Did you really see this going your way?" she asked.

Now that she was done filling up the towel dispenser she started gathering what she needed to brew a pot of coffee. 

Never too early to start thinking about a cover story. 

Instead of bending her knees to reach down for the filters and coffee she parted her legs and bent over at the waist. If he was going to sit there watching her, she may as well get his engine revving. She didn't hear him move from his seat on the sofa but before she could get the canister of coffee from the shelf he was standing behind her. He reached down and pulled her up to meet him.

"Do we really need coffee? We don't have all day, and I don't need you over here waving your ass at me to get turned on. I've been thinking about fucking you since the day I came to work for Kastle, Smith, & Backlund. I get hard watching you walk by! So this little play for power is pointless."

He pushed her hard into the counter, and Sophie gasped for breath. She could feel his need pressed between her buttocks. Her body started to respond. 

She wasn't giving in that easily. She started to push away from the counter wanting to face him, but he was much too strong. He wasn't letting her go anywhere. 

"You can stay right there," he whispered in her ear. His tongue flicked in and out over the curve of her ear. When he got to the lobe he took it gently into his mouth and nibbled it. Sophie tightened her grip on the counter. She was not used to being dominated, and she wasn't sure she liked it. His mouth was hot against her skin. He kissed the back of her neck and sent a shiver down her spine. Maybe this time she would let him take control...he certainly seemed to know what he was doing. 

Trevor stood behind her and inhaled the scent of her hair. He could almost make out what may have been coconut. Her chestnut hair fell well past her shoulders. He brushed it away from her neck and began planting kisses on her pale skin. He started right below her ear and worked his way along her hairline as he untucked the front her damp shirt. It was Sophie's white blouses that first drew Trevor to her, well that and her ethereal beauty. As long as Trevor could remember he had been aroused by a woman in a white blouse, the kind they wore to the office. Something about the way he could almost see what was underneath. Today Sophie's white blouse had little ruffles on both sides of the button band and around the cuffs. And today he was finally going to get to see what was under it. He felt his way up her taunt abdomen and slipped his hand inside her bra letting his palm softly stroke her nipple while he massaged her breast. 

Sophie moaned and she tried again to turn. Trevor pushed her harder into the counter with his body, gyrating against her in a full circle with his hips. He grabbed a handful of her ass and let out a grunt. 

"Damn girl! You've got such a hard body!" He let his hand slip down to the outside of her left leg and dug his fingers into her flesh again rubbing his dick against her ass. He pulled her skirt up a couple inches and took half a step back to allow her room to move. He nudged her inner thigh with his hand. 

"Spread your legs," he instructed her.

She breathed an inaudible protest and hung her head hoping he would finally let her turn around to face him. 

"Why don't yo—." 

Trevor took her swollen nipple between his index finger and thumb and lightly rolled it. He kissed up the side of her neck flicking his tongue in an out, keeping pressure on the inside of her thigh. When she still refused to yield he pinched her nipple hard. Sophie gasped and quickly complied with his request. He slid his right hand from her bra and used it to unhook his slacks. Sophie could feel his cock; it was rock hard. Her pussy ached for it. She heard his zipper but instead of freeing his swollen manhood he adjusted his position.

She bit her lip to keep from crying out as he slipped his forefinger between her pussy lips. 

"No panties? I should have guessed." He used two fingers to rub her swollen clit. She widened her stance to accommodate his hand. 

"Does that feel good?" Trevor asked. She didn't trust herself to speak, instead she half moaned "Mmm-hm." He used his left hand to unhook her bra and again found her nipple. He tugged on it, and then rolled it between his thumb and forefinger before taking her tit into his hand firmly kneading it. Using his other hand he took two fingers and sharply entered her. Sophie gasped with pleasure. He quickened his pace. She leaned her body into his and reached back searching for his prick. She slipped her hand inside his unzipped fly and rubbed his throbbing member. Trevor pushed down the top of his underwear so he could better feel her hand on his skin. He ran his fingers up under her hair, lifting it off her neck and lightly nipped her with his teeth. Sophie loved it! She showed her appreciation by tightening her grip on his dick and firmly pumping up and down several times.

Trevor couldn't wait any longer. Sophie's twat was slick with her juices. He wanted to make her feel his own need. He used both of his hands to pull her skirt up the rest of the way. 

"I'm gonna fuck you so good," he told her. Sophie's once pristine charcoal skirt was now bunched up under her skinny braided leather belt. 

Trevor pushed down his own trousers and light blue boxer briefs. He griped his rock-hard shaft. He hadn't wanted a woman like this in quite some time. He wanted to take his time with her, he was going to make Sophie feel every inch of him ramming into her wet pussy. He put his hands on her hips. She backed into him spreading her legs and arching her back. He used his thumb to probe her dripping hole and then slowly dipped his head into her. He felt her ass tense under his hand; and for one terrifying moment, he was sure he was going to cum all over her. He pulled back from her and was pleased when Sophie gasped.

"No!" she moaned. She backed towards him hoping to keep him inside her, but Trevor was way ahead of her. The minute she moved toward him he slammed his cock into her with full force. Sophie inhaled sharply and let out a loud moan. 

"That's right!" Trevor cooed. "Take it all." 

He was balls deep in Sophie's warm cunt and he had no intention of moving just yet. He wanted to stand there, still, for a moment enjoying his present situation. Sophie was not yet contented. She didn't want to be still, she wanted to be fucked. She tried to rock her hips forward. Trevor caught her, pulling her back towards him as he pushed his own hips forward struggling to keep his composure...and control over the situation. Sophie squirmed and again tried to pull forward. This time he let her, but only a little. As soon as his dick started to slide free he pulled her back onto it. 

"Until you stop moving we are going to stay just like this," he said. Sophie stopped breathing and stayed as motionless as possible. 

"That's better," he whispered. He kissed her neck and then very slowly pulled back until his stiff cock was almost completely free of her wet folds; just as before he thrust his shaft deep into her pulling on her hips as he did. Sophie remained still though she wanted so badly to move.

He moved forward and pressed his chest against her back, holding her tight against the counter. Reaching around, he took hold of both her hands, lacing his fingers between hers. He raised them above her head and placed one on either side, palms down on the upper cabinets. Trevor moved in and out of her in slow, short strokes stabbing at her pink wetness as he completely freed her shirt and unbuttoned it. With her bra hanging loose he was able to take one tit in each of his hands. He massaged them as he slid in and out of her tight pussy, keeping the same lazy rhythm. Sophie felt like screaming. 

Everywhere he laid his mouth tingled with wetness and each time he entered her she had an intense urge to sit back against him, to quicken his pace, to take him deeper into her, to fuck him harder...but she was stuck. This is torture! Sophie thought. Sex torture! 

Just when she thought she couldn't take it anymore Trevor moved his mouth up to her ear. 

"Sophie?" he taunted. 

"Uhhhh," she moaned. 

"Do you want to move?"

"Oh, yes." She replied in a pleading voice.

Trevor's smiled and laid his hand on the right side of her face, tilting her mouth up to his own. He covered it in a kiss, sucking at her bottom lip as he pulled away. 

"Then move!" he said as he let go. He smacked her on the ass and readied himself for her response.

Sophie bucked backward toward Trevor taking her hands down from above her head and gripping the edge of the counter. She arched her back and pumped up and down several times on Trevor's thick cock. She backed up from the counter until she could bend forward and further arched her back. She wanted to open her aching twat as wide as she could to accommodate Trevor's thrusts. She was consumed by lust. She felt herself getting closer to orgasm. 

"Ohhh" she moaned, "Oh, God. Oh, fuck me." Her new position afforded Trevor the perfect view. He planted his hands on each side of Sophie's ass and pushed up on her butt cheeks, spreading them open so he could watch as each stroke filled Sophie's dripping wet pussy with every last inch of his fuck stick. His cock pulsed inside her as she rocked back to meet him with each stroke. Sophie slipped two fingers between her swollen pussy lips and found her throbbing clit. She lightly drew her forefinger across it and then, using her middle finger, she pushed down on it, rubbing in circles, keeping rhythm with Trevor's thrusts. 

Trevor pounded into her, quickening his pace as his balls started to tingle. He bent forward and gripped Sophie's shoulders pulling her body hard against his own each time he entered her, pounding hard against her ass. Sophie arched her back further and squeezed Trevor's rock-hard cock as deep inside, the walls of her pussy started to quiver. 

"I'm going to cum," she breathed. Trevor groaned as he fucked her hard and fast. The sound of her lover responding to her body was all Sophie needed to send her into a mind-shattering orgasm. Her stomach tightened and spasms wracked her body. As her twat contracted she gripped the counter to steady herself and moaned with exquisite pleasure. 

Trevor loosened his grip on her shoulders as Sophie's body shuddered and held her around the waist. Her cunt tightened its hold on him, and he felt the first surge of his climax over take him. He could feel the release start deep in his stomach and he pulled back from her. As his muscles tensed he pushed deep into her body shooting her full of hot cum. He pressed his body hard against her ass, his balls emptying inside her. He withdrew his dick three quarters of the way and quickly sunk it back inside her once, twice and a third time as he felt all the tension drain from his body through his dick hole.

Trevor laid his body out across Sophie's back breathing in the scent of her shampoo as he buried his face in her hair. He wished they could stay like that all afternoon. He knew that was wishful thinking but allowed himself to stay that way until Sophie moved. She took his arms and wrapped them around her middle, he hugged her tight. She turned her head and tilted her mouth up toward his; he kissed her gently pressing his tongue into hers. She longed for 10 more minutes of this delightful afternoon. Resigning herself to reality she broke the kiss and squeezed his arms against her sides with her own. 
