 Disclaimer: All individuals in this work of fiction are above the age of 18 years.

Followup to "One Fateful Night" It might be helpful if you read that first.

Please comment if you enjoyed and even if you didn't, but try to be constructive :)

Thanks

*

It had been six months since that fateful night. Since then Julien and Anna spoke everyday on the phone and skyped at least twice a week. Julien had made a handful of weekend trips back home where they were able to see each other but now it was summer. Anna was on vacation from college and Julien's job was such that he was able to do most of his work from his laptop, at least for a couple weeks. He was actually on a plane right now, heading back to his hometown in southern California. His folks had moved to Florida to be closer to him, and he was tasked with putting the final touches on some paperwork for the sale of their house. Strangely enough, he was going to be staying at Luka's and Anna's place for the two weeks he was in town. Luka, who still didn't know about Julien and Anna and who was also home for the summer, was waiting at the airport to pick him up.

Before he left Miami, Julien spoke to Anna on the phone and they decided that they had to tell Luka about their relationship. They agreed that they would tell Luka at the end of Julien's two week trip, figuring that option offered the least chance of confrontation. 

Now, as he strolled through the airport terminal on a Monday evening, suitcase in hand, Julien couldn't help but feel nervous. He was pleasantly surprised when he saw his beautiful Annabelle waiting by the doorway, simply dressed in jeans and a white tee. Upon seeing him, Anna ran towards her man, wrapping her arms around him as he kissed her on the lips. Their embrace was brief, Julien pulling away and looking around,

"Where's Luka," he inquired. 

"Oh, he got called out to work for a bit so he had me come get you," Anna explained. 

The couple smiled and embraced again before heading out to the parking lot. Anna held the car keys up to Julien,

"Wanna drive babe?" she asked.

Julien nodded, "I think I like the idea of being chauffeured around by you," he teased. 

He placed his suitcase in the trunk of Anna's white camry and they were off.

"So how are your mom and dad?" Julien asked as Anna cruised along the freeway. 

"They're fine, happy to have me and Luka home for the summer; kinda bummed we didn't go with them to San Fran to see my aunt."

"How long are they gone for?" Julien asked.

Anna turned to him and saw the sly smile on his face,

"They won't be back till the end of the week, dirty boy," she replied.

Julien burst out laughing,

"What?! I didn't say anything," he defended as Anna also began to giggle. 

As they drove up Anna's white pebbled driveway, the couple noticed Luka's black truck in the driveway.

"Guess he's back," Anna commented as she pulled up beside the truck and put her car in park. Julien got his bag out the trunk and they walked to the front door. Entering the two-story house, Anna and Julien were welcomed by Luka who was on the couch watching television. The well-built man was immediately to his feet walking over and hugging his lifelong friend.

"Hey man, great to see you, sorry about the airport. Work, you know how it is," Luka greeted.

Julien returned the hug,

"Nice to see you too man, don't worry about it, the squirt did a fine job," he said, smiling at Anna over Luka's shoulder. 

Julien placed his suitcase at the base of the stairs and the three sat down in the living room and caught up. After the group had downed a couple of beers, Anna looked outside and saw it was getting dark.

"So boys, what do you want for dinner?" she asked, almost motherly.

"I dunno, maybe I could go pick up a couple burgers from Sparky's?" Luka offered, referring to a local burger joint they had been going to since they were kids.

Anna and Julien nodded in agreement. Luka got his car keys and headed to the door,

"Wanna come for the drive Jules?"

Julien hesitated,

"Uhh nah I'm fine, I think I'll just hangback and get settled," he replied.

"Come on I'll show you to your room," Anna piped in, grabbing Julien's hand and walking towards the stairs. Luka waved goodbye and headed out to the driveway. Julien grabbed his suitcase and followed Anna upstairs.

Julien enjoyed watching Anna walk up the stairs in front of him, her cute butt squeezed into her tight jeans was quite the sight. When they got to the top, Julien reached out his hand and pinched Anna lightly on her right cheek. The brunette squealed, reaching behind her and playfully swatting away Julien's hand. 

Julien smiled as Anna led him to the guest room, remembering now that Anna's room was adjacent to it, sharing an adjoining bathroom. Luka's room had a bathroom of its own and was further down the hall, their parent's master bedroom and an upstairs office between them. As they entered the guest room, Julien shut the door behind him and Anna. Anna immediately spun round and wrapped her arms around Julien. She leaned in and they kissed, much more passionately than they had in the airport. Julien released his grasp on his suitcase and placed them behind Anna. Gripping her firmly on her butt, Julien lifted her off the floor and she wrapped her legs around his body. 

"I missed you so much babe," Anna whimpered in between kisses.

"Me too," Julien replied as he walked them over to the bed, collapsing upon it. Julien laid ontop Anna's body as they continued their intense making out. Anna's hands were roaming across Julien's back, his in turn, traversed their way up her stomach and were gently rubbing her breasts. Anna groaned into Julien's mouth when she felt him squeeze her nipple through her shirt. She could feel Julien's erection pressing against her thigh as she ground against him. 

It felt like minutes had past but must have been longer because Julien and Anna soon found themselves scrambling to the sound of the front door opening. They both got up at once and began straightening out their clothes and patting down their hair.

"Holy shit! I can't go down there like this," Julien exclaimed in a hushed whisper, staring down at the definite bulge in his jeans.

Anna giggled and reached down, placing her hand on Julien's hardon, straightening it out and pressing down on it.

"Baby you're not helping," Julien admitted.

Anna released him,

"Take a few minutes, I'll tell him you're in the bathroom," Anna whispered as she exited the room and walked downstairs. Her face was visibly flushed when she walked into the kitchen and began to unpack the bag of food that Luka had plopped down on the counter. 

"Jules got settled?" Luka asked, his head buried in the refrigerator.

"Uhh, yeah, he'll be down in a minute," a flustered Anna replied. 

Anna set three plates out on the dining table and distributed the burgers and fries. Luka placed a couple of beers on the table and took a seat. Anna sat beside him and looked at her brother with deception in her eyes, wondering if he had a clue. Julien was down momentarily and sat opposite Luka and Anna. They all ate and conversed. As their meal wound down, Luka helped Anna clear the table and the three found their way to the living room.

"So Jules, what's the plan for tomorrow?" Luka asked.

"Well I have to head over to the real estate office for around noon to sign some papers," Julien replied, "After that I think I'll be free for the rest of my two weeks," he continued. 

"Good, well I have to head into the office in the morning, but I should be free to do something later in the week. Anna will be here to drive you around though," Luka stated as he placed his arm around his sister's neck, playfully squeezing her. 

The three continued chatting and eventually Luka and Julien switched on the ps3 and began playing some Call Of Duty. Anna smiled as she watched the two grown men caught up so intensely in the game. She thought back, she had been watching these two play video games for over a decade, and they seemed every bit as childish now as they did back then. 

After a while she got up and began to head upstairs,

"I'm gonna take a shower and head to bed, see you guys in morning," she announced, "Boys and their video games, I'll never understand it," she chided as she walked off.

"Night Anna!" Julien and Luka chanted in unison as they sat up in their seats, concentrating even deeper on the television screen.

Half an hour later, after Luka had been sniped for the tenth or eleventh time, he threw down his controller on the coffee table,

"Alright, that's enough for me. I better get to bed, gotta be up early in the morning. I'll see you when I get back, maybe we can hit the batting cages or something."

"Alright man, see you tomorrow," Julien replied.

Julien played for another fifteen minutes then went upstairs. 

He got some sleeping clothes out of his suitcase, t-shirt and boxers, and headed to the bathroom. 

Anna was curled up with her laptop in bed, browsing the net, when she saw the light in the bathroom creep from under the door. She smiled mischievously and switched off her computer and set it aside. Trying to be as quiet as possible she peered out of her doorway down the hall. Luka' door was closed, his light off. Anna tip toed over to Julien's room, carefully opening the door and sneaked in. She closed the door behind her and made her way over to his bed, slipping under the covers. She smiled to herself as she waited patiently. 

Julien had just gotten dressed after his shower. He was brushing his teeth, smiling as his eyes wondered about the Anna's bathroom; it was so girly he thought to himself. When he was done, he dried his face on the hand towel, switched off the light and headed into the darkness of his room. Anna had to use all of her focus to contain herself when she heard Julien enter the room. Her heart skipped a beat when Julien raised the covers and slid in beside her.

Julien felt her presence immediately,

"And what do we have here," he whispered, turning to face Anna, "I thought you went to sleep?" he asked as he kissed her lightly on the lips.

"And I thought you two would never finish with your video games," Anna confessed before slipping her tongue into Julien's mouth. She pulled him close, his body warm from his shower. Anna slid her black terrycloth shorts along with her pink cotton panties down her legs. Julien did the same with his green boxers, then reached over the side of the bed to his bagpack which was on the floor,

"I think I have some condoms in here," he explained before he felt Anna's hand pulling him back.

"Jules you remember when I had us get tested a couple weeks ago?" she innocently asked.

Julien nodded.

"Well after we got the results, I started on the pill right away, my little welcoming present for you," she explained.

Julien smiled, "My naughty little angel," he complimented as he kissed Anna's forehead.

Anna grinned as she rolled onto Julien, straddling his stomach. He could feel her wetness against his skin as she inched backwards. Finally, Anna had her hot sticky cunt positioned over Julien's throbbing cock. She let her lips slide across his tip a couple times, smearing her lips with his precum. In one swift motion, Anna lowered herself onto Julien, moaning as his manhood slid deep into her. She sat there ontop of Julien with him buried deep inside her. 

Julien saw Anna lean down and raised his head up to meet her. They kissed.

"I miss the feeling of you inside me," Anna moaned.

"You feel so wonderful," Julien replied as he slowly began to raise and drop his hips, sliding his cock in and out of Anna. The two resumed kissing, their tongues entwining themselves. Anna had to force herself to stop from crying out as she began to rock her hips back and forth atop Julien.

"Ohh baby you're so wet," Julien groaned, his crotch being soaked in Anna's warm juices. Julien began to thrust hard and fast into Anna.

"Ahh fuck Jules, I'm gonna cum," Anna announced, placing her head besides Julien's and burying her face in the pillow he laid on. She gyrated her crotch against Julien crying out into the pillow as her pussy clamped down onto Julien's cock. Julien grabbed on to Anna's ass cheeks with both hands and continued to pump hard into her as her cunt gushed warm cream over his cock. 

"Ohh god baby! Yes!!" Julien groaned as his cock began to twitch frantically in Anna's tight pussy. Seconds later his body shuddered and Julien's cock began to spew his semen inside Anna. 

Anna raised her head from the pillow and kissed Julien on the lips again and again till his body came to rest back on the bed. Julien rolled Anna onto her back, planting a kiss of his own on her glowing face.

"Wait here, I'll be right back," he whispered as he rolled out of bed and walked over to the bathroom. Julien returned a minute later clutching a hand towel. He sat on the edge of the bed and raised the sheets off Anna's body. He slowly and tenderly began dabbing the towel against her crotch, swabbing the lips of her pussy. Anna could feel the warm dampness of the towel. Julien watched as Anna's pussy continued to spasm and convulse, remnants of her orgasm, and begin to ooze with his semen. Using the towel, he wiped away the mixture of his and Anna's cum, again and again till he saw no more. He got up again and went to the bathroom. Julien wiped his cock with the unused end of the hand towel then tossed it into the laundry basket, then returned to Anna. 

Sliding back into bed beside Anna, Julien put his arm around her, hugging her close to him. Anna snuggled up next to Julien, resting her head on his chest and pulling the covers over their bodies. 

Anna tiptoed her fingers along Julien's stomach,

"I missed that a lot," she confessed, her breathing still a bit heavy.

"So did I," Julien replied, "Are you staying the night?" he questioned.

"I wish I could, but I think I should get back to my room."

"Oh, I see how it is, I'm just your booty call and then you're out the door," Julien teased.

Anna giggled, "Maybe we should consider telling Luka sooner so we don't have to sneak around anymore."

"While I do like the idea of sneaking around I think you're right. Do you think we should do it tomorrow?" Julien asked.

"Yeah, that way we can actually be a couple, you know, boyfriend and girlfriend," Anna reasoned.

Julien smiled and kissed the top of Anna's head, recognizing her innocent need to be referred to as girlfriend,

"Okay baby, we'll do it tomorrow."

Anna looked up to Julien and kissed him before getting up,

"See you in the morning then, sleep tight," she said before tiptoeing back to her room. The two fell asleep in their separate beds, comforted, but still yearning for each other's touch. 

The next morning, Julien was up around 10am. He brushed his teeth and went down to the kitchen. Anna was over the kitchen sink, washing up some dishes. Julien smiled as he admired her tiny round butt jiggle in her shorts as she scrubbed a frying pan. He walked up behind her, wrapping his arms around her waist and pressing his body against hers. Julien groaned as he pressed his morning wood against Anna's soft butt cheek. He cleared Anna's long hair to one side and lowered his head, kissing her on the curve of her neck.

"Morning sweetie," he whispered into her ear.

Anna just smiled and continued to wash up the dishes,

"Good morning, and good morning to you," she replied, wiggling her but against Julien's hardon.

"Want me to fix you some breakfast?" she offered.

Julien broke his embrace of Anna and walked to the fridge,

"I'm fine, just need some juice. Did Luka say what time he'd be back?" he asked as he grabbed a bottle of orange juice off the refrigerator door.

"Umm yeah, he said this afternoon."

"Okay well we should be back around the same time then we can tell him."

"Sounds good," Anna replied, turning off the faucet and wiping her hands in a kitchen towel. "I'm gonna get dressed," she continued before heading up to her room.

Julien downed a glass of OJ then went upstairs to change and also gather some paperwork he had for the real estate people. Anna and Julien met back up in the living room about twenty minutes later and were out the door. Julien opted to drive. The real estate office was forty-five minutes away. Once there, Anna sat in the waiting room while Julien sat in the agent's office signing what seemed like and endless stack of papers. When he was finally done, Julien and Anna left and were back on the freeway.

"Wanna get some lunch?" Anna asked.

"Sure, what do you feel like?" he replied.

Anna thought for a moment,

"There's that new seafood place coming up on the left, my parents said they were good."

"Seafood it is," Julien concurred, turning left when Anna pointed out the street. 

The couple sat in the quaint restaurant enjoying their lunch.

"Kinda like our first date," Anna commented.

Julien thought back to that day in Miami,

"I guess that was our first date, although we haven't actually gone on a real date. Whenever I'm here we're sneaking around," he replied.

"Well hopefully that could all change once we tell Luka today," Anna somberly said, looking down to her plate of half eaten food.

Julien reached out and took Anna's hand in his,

"Annabelle, would you do me the honor of going on a date with me tomorrow night?" he asked.

Anna raised her head, a beaming smile across her face,

"I'd love to," she replied. 

The two finished their meal, Julien paid the check, and they headed back home.

When they got there, Luka still wasn't back. The couple sat in the living room, chatting about how to spend the next two weeks. A rush of nervousness overcame them when they heard Luka's truck pulling up in the driveway. Sat on the couch in the living room, the two simultaneously released each other's hand when they heard the keys in the door knob.

They watched as Luka walked through the door and into the living room. He smiled at them and they smiled back.

"Hey guys, how'd everything go at the real estate office?" Luka asked.

"Good man, everything was fine," Julien replied.

"So what's going on? You ready to hit the batting cages Jules?" Luka asked.

There was an awkward silence. Finally Julien cleared his throat and began to speak,

"Um Luk, there's something that Anna and I need to tell you," he began.

"What? That you two are dating?" Luka casually said.

Anna and Julien looked up at him with stunned faces.

"You knew?!" Julien astonishingly asked.

Luka smiled,

"Well, since Anna got back from Miami six months ago, I haven't seen her happier, and you haven't made so many trips back home since leaving almost ten years ago. We put two and two together and figured it out." Luka explained.

"We?" Anna interjected.

"Oh, mom and dad, they know too," Luka chuckled.

Anna sunk in her seat, visibly blushing.

"And you're okay with it? Because I want you to know I wasn't taking advantage of your sister or anything, I really do care for her." Julien professed.

"Well I don't need the gory details but as I said, I've never seen her happier, and I know you'd never hurt her, so yeah, I'm okay with it. Besides you know I'd break your legs if you hurt her," Luka joked.

Julien smiled up to his friend. 

Anna got up off the couch and hugged her brother, whispering "Thanks Luka," into his ear.

Julien stood up and Anna turned to him,

"See, that wasn't too bad," she stated before giving him a peck on the lips.

"Ughh....this is what I meant by gory details," Luka exclaimed, twisting his face in faux disgust. 

"And I know you'll probably be sleeping in the same room, at least till mom and dad get back, but could you please keep the noise to a minimum, for my benefit," Luka continued. Anna turned to her brother and playfully punched him on the arm, her face red with embarrassment. 
