 Julien staggered down the streets of South Beach trying to figure out where he had parked. He wasn't as much drunk as he was exhausted. It had been a heavy night of partying and he was drained. Just moments ago he realized it was past 3am and decided to call it a night. He parted company with his friends and exited the smoky confines of a nightclub, into the open streets of the early morning. The south Florida air was unseasonably cool; the winds coming off the water rushing against his face were a great refresher. Squinting his dark brown eyes, Julien breathed a sigh of relief as he recognized the side street where he had parked up ahead. 

He made his way along the street admiring the wonderful scenery that was the South Beach strip at night. Just as he approached the side street he took notice of a young girl sitting on the sidewalk. She was sat on the curb in front of a restaurant which, by the look of things, had closed up hours ago. Julien also noticed that this section of the strip was unusually desolate. The girl had her head hung between her knees and as Julien made his way past her, he could clearly hear her sobbing. Julien had reached the corner. He looked down the street and saw the parking lot where he had parked. It was the opposite direction however, that he headed. His good conscious kicked in and he walked back over to the girl. Standing in front her, he looked down and saw only her brunette hair. He cleared his throat to announce his presence,

"Umm, excuse me Miss, is everything okay?" he asked in a soft voice.

The girl slowly raised her head and looked up at the stranger. Julien's stared down at the face looking back at him, tears streaming down her face. His eyes immediately widened. 

"Anna!" he exclaimed in disbelief. 

The girl's eyes also widened, bewildered at the sound of her name coming from this stranger.

Anna, was Annabelle Stravinsky, the younger sister of Julien's best friend Luka. Julien being twenty-three years old made Anna twenty. He had known her since they were kids, when he first met Luka, but hadn't seen her since he left his home state back when he was nineteen. He didn't even know Anna was in town.

Seeing the confusion in her eyes, Julien tried to explain.

"It's me. . .Jules."

The nicknamed jogged her memory and Anna replied with a faint smile.

"What are you doing here?" he blurted out.

Anna's smile quickly disappeared and she erupted into hysteria. Tears flowing, she rambled off a babbling story of going out clubbing with her friends and being separated. She waved her phone around pointing out that the battery was dead. Anna's state of extreme upset conveyed to Julien that she was drunk beyond her normal limits. 

He knelt down, coming face to face with her,

"Okay Anna, calm down, everything's going to be fine. Do you know where you're staying?"

She replied with the name of a hotel.

"Okay good, I know where that is, I'll give you a lift. Just please stop crying, everything's gonna be okay," he responded, gently wiping the tears from her cheeks. 

Julien stood up and extended his hands to Anna. She reached out and placed her dainty palms in Julien's and he pulled her to her feet. They began their way to Julien's car. Julien immediately noticed Anna could not make it on her own. She only went two steps before her high heels buckled and she tipped sideways. Julien was swift to grab her, saving her from hitting the asphalt. With her arm across his shoulder, and his around her waist they slowly made their way. Julien opened the passenger door of his black MAZDA3 and gently placed Annabelle in the seat. He secured her seatbelt and then got into the driver's seat. The engine roared and they were off. The drive was quiet. Julien looked over to Anna; she could barely keep her eyes open. 

Fifteen minutes later Julien pulled into the parking lot of a quite posh hotel. He parked the car and looked over to Anna. Her eyes were shut.

"Anna we're here," Julien announced.

There was no response.

Julien nudged her gently but there was still no reaction. After a harder nudge and calling her name Julien gave in, she was out cold. He looked to the roof of his car despairingly, regretting not asking what room number before they left. He decided to go check the lobby and ask around. There was an old lady sitting behind the receptionist's counter but it was no use. Julien gave Anna's full name but apparently the room was in her friend's name. Without knowing the name, the lady couldn't locate the room. Julien thanked her and headed back to the car. 

Getting back into the driver's seat Julien was shocked to see Anna had thrown up all over herself. Her shirt was covered and a little was dribbling from her mouth.

"Anna. . . . Anna," he tried again to wake her up but it was no use, she was passed out again. Julien reached over and retrieved a tissue from the glove compartment. He wiped Anna's mouth and looked down at her shirt; it was way too much for a simple tissue. He made the only decision he could and headed home, Anna would be able to call her friends in the morning and he'd drop her back to the hotel. 

Julien's house was a quick twenty minutes away thanks to the lack of traffic at this hour. He pulled into his garage and shut the engine off. He tried again to wake Anna but his attempts were futile, he would have to carry her in. He opened the front door to his house and then went back to the car for Anna. Her petite frame was difficulty-free for Julien to lift. As he walked towards his front door, Julien chuckled to himself imagining what a neighbor might think seeing this scenario. As he entered his house, Julien kicked the door closed and headed to the guest room. 

Julien laid Annabelle down on the bed. He was really surprised that she was so out of it; she must have drunk alot, he thought to himself. He looked down at her and saw her vomit covered shirt. He couldn't let her sleep like this, and there was the added bonus of not having her roll around his sheets getting puke all over them. He began unbuttoning her black fitted shirt, feeling somewhat guilty even though he was acting with the best of intentions. Sliding the shirt off her body Julien couldn't help but notice Anna's wonderfully petite breasts held in a rather sexy looking purple demi cut bra with black vertical pinstripe lines. He immediately forced any carnal thoughts out of his head, reminding himself that this was his best friend's little sister, a best friend that he had known since before Anna was born and that he in fact always looked at Anna as a little sister of his own. 

Julien exited the room with Anna's shirt still in hand; he rinsed it out in the laundry sink and then tossed it in the washing machine with some of his own clothes he was meaning to wash. Julien retrieved and clean old t-shirt from his room and went back to the guest room. It was quite a struggle but he managed to get the t-shirt on Anna's motionless body. Lastly, he leaned over and undid the straps on Anna's black high heels. Holding Anna's delicate feet, he slipped the shoes off and placed them at the side of the bed. Julien positioned Anna in the middle of the bed and covered her with a blanket. He placed an empty waste basket next to the bed hopeful that Anna would not need it. Julien looked Anna over a last time before leaving the room.

As he entered his bedroom, Julien retrieved his cell phone and dialed Luka. After a few rings, a familiar deep, but groggy, voice answered,

"Somebody better be dead Jules."

Julien laughed, "Yeah, sorry to wake you man, no one's dead. I just thought you should know, I was out clubbing and came across Anna on the street," Julien began to explain.

"Ohh yeah, I was meaning to tell you that, she's on spring break or something, she's been there for the week, I think she leaves in a couple days," Luka interrupted. 

Julien went on to explain the whole ordeal of the past hour.

"So I just wanted someone to know where she was incase her friends thought she was missing and called your folks or something," Julien concluded.

"Wow, so she was pretty plastered huh? Ahh well, nothing we didn't do at her age right?" Luka asked rhetorically, "So she's alright?" he continued.

"Yeah, she's fine. She'll probably have a rough morning though," Julien chuckled.

"Well thanks for the call man; I'll let her friends know if they call. Sorry the squirt wrecked your night, but thanks a lot, you're a lifesaver."

"You know it was nothing. Talk to you later I'm gonna crash."

The two friends said their goodbyes and hung up.

Julien stripped down to his boxers and collapsed into his bed. Fifteen minutes later he was fast asleep.

------------------------------

Sunlight beamed through the nearby window. Anna found herself squinting as the light hit her eyes dead on. She groaned and stretched her body, rolling around in the comfortable bed. She opened her eyes and looked around the room. She was confused by her surroundings. Looking over to a bedside table she saw a clock saying 1:15pm. She groaned again and buried her head in the soft pillow. She rolled out of bed and walked around the room. As she stood up she finally took notice of her splitting headache. She combed her hands through her hair and also noticed the jersey she was wearing, not recognizing it as her own. Anna walked over to the dresser drawer where she saw the black shirt she had worn the night before. It was clean and neatly folded. Resting on top the folded shirt was a new toothbrush and an advil bottle, beside it, a bottled water. It finally dawned on her, the memories of last night rushed back to her . . . she was at Julien's place. She immediately poured out two advils into her hand and washed it back with the water. Anna picked up the toothbrush and her shirt and walked over to the adjoining bathroom. 

After freshening up herself Anna emerged from the bathroom. She was now wearing her black shirt from last night; it was still warm from the dryer. She walked out of the guestroom, through the living room and into the kitchen. That is where she was greeted by the sight of Julien, dressed in only his boxers and a white t-shirt. He was standing over the stove cooking up some eggs. 

"Morning," she whispered. 

Julien switched off the stove and spun round, 

"Well Well Well, morning sleepyhead, and here I thought I was bad for sleeping till half noon." 

The two exchanged smiles. Julien approached Anna and they hugged. In what should have been a moment just like any other, their embrace felt somewhat awkward to them both. 

"So Miss Party Hearty, you come to Miami and don't even bother calling up your old pal Jules?" Julien teased.

Anna just smiled embarrassingly. 

"You want some breakfast?"

"Uhh...I don't think I can," Anna replied.

"Just have a little, you'll feel better, I promise," Julien insisted placing just a spoonful of scrambled eggs in a plate and handing it to Anna.

Anna did not protest and took the plate. She sat at the quaint kitchen table and slowly began eating. Julien joined her with a much heartier looking plateful.

"So I think I should let you know I called Luka, I hope you're not mad, but I had to let someone know where you were."

"No that's fine, no big deal," she replied. "Umm...this might be weird, but, what exactly happened last night?" Anna continued.

Jacob almost choked on his mouthful of juice,

"You don't remember?"

Anna shook her head.

Jacob wiped the juice that had dribbled from his mouth before going on to recount the events of last night. By the end of his account Anna's face was red with embarrassment.

"Oh my God! I can't believe I was that much trouble. I'm soo sorry Jules," she professed.

Julien smiled, "Don't even worry about it Belle, I've been in worse shape in my day."

When they were finished eating, Julien cleared the table,

"Well if you're ready I can drop you back at you hotel." 

Anna helped Julien with the dishes and then they headed out to the car. The two chatted about college, their childhood, basically just caught up on each other's lives on the drive over. Before they knew it, Julien was pulling into the hotel's parking lot. Julien pulled up to the hotel's lobby and Anna opened the passenger door. She looked back at Julien, then leaned over and kissed him on the cheek,

"Thanks again Julien."

"Anytime squirt," Julien replied, eliciting a childish smile from Anna. 

Anna shut the door and Julien watched as she walked into the hotel before pulling off. 

----------------------------------------

Julien went about his Saturday like any other, running a few errands, getting some work done and hanging out with friends. When he got home it was almost midnight. He was about to hit the sack when his phone rang,

"Hello?"

"Hey Jules, Anna here."

"Hey, what's up?"

"Oh nothing, I was just about to go to sleep and was thinking of you."

Even though Annabelle couldn't see him, Julien was blushing,

"Oh really."

Anna giggled, "Listen, I'm leaving the day after tomorrow to go back to school, and I wanted to take you out for lunch, as a thank you for all you had to go through."

"Well you know no thanks are necessary, and besides I thought you were on spring break with your friends?," Julien replied.

"Oh, I think we've done enough partying, and besides, they're gonna be here for another whole week, I'm here for one more day and I'd really like to see you," Anna explained.

"In that case, I'd love to have lunch with you," Julien replied.

"Great! Pick me up tomorrow, say 1pm?"

"Sure thing, see you then."

The two hung up and went to sleep. 

--------------------------------------

The next day Julien was up around 11am. He showered and dressed and got on the computer to check his emails. After getting caught up in sending out work emails Julien checked his watch and saw it was just past noon. He hopped in his car and set off to the hotel. As he pulled up he saw Anna sitting on a bench in front the hotel. He waved over to her and she walked towards the car. Anna wore a white sundress that ended just above her knees. She wore her hair down which was long enough to reach just above her elbows. Julien had to admit to himself, she looked absolutely beautiful.

The two hugged when Anna got into the car and Julien drove off. They pulled up to a sea food restaurant on Julien's recommendation. Julien and Anna chatted and laughed over lunch, mostly at the events of two nights ago. 

"So what are your plans for the rest of the day?" Julien innocently asked.

"Nothing really, I kinda needed a day of rest, too much partying I guess."

"Who you? Too much partying, I'd never guess. . ." Julien sarcastically said.

The two erupted in laughter, the bottle of wine they downed having a jovial effect. 

"Well your welcome to hang out at my place, grab some desert or something, watch a movie maybe," Julien offered.

Anna's face brightened, "Sure, sounds like fun."

After paying the bill which Anna insisted she did, they proceeded to the car. When Julien opened the restaurant door for Anna, they were greeted by howling winds and pouring rain. Anna tried to hold her hair down which was flying in all directions.

"That's Miami weather for you," Julien quipped. 

He continued, "Well we can wait it out or I'll make a run for it and pull the car up."

Anna looked across the parking lot to where Julien's car was parked. She smiled before running out into the rain towards the car. Spinning around she yelled to Julien,

"Are you coming or not!"

Julien smiled at her whimsical sprit and followed suit.

As they both stood outside the car in the pouring rain, they couldn't help but laugh as Julien fumbled in his pocket for the car keys. He finally managed to open the car and they both got in. They were both soaked. Julien looked over to Anna, her hair was plastered to her face haphazardly, she smiled back at him; she looked so amazing. Julien turned the ignition and drove home. When they pulled up into the drive way, Julien and Anna had to run through the rain again to make it to the door. They burst into the house and stood in the living room, catching their breath from the laughter. 

Julien looked up and down Annabelle's body, it was quite the sight. Her dress seemed painted to her body, it clung to every curve. Anna followed Julien's gaze and saw what had him captivated. Her dress had become almost see-through. She could see the bump of her hardened nipples poking all the way through her bra. She couldn't help but notice Julien's body as well, his t-shirt was skin tight thanks to the water, accentuating his broad chest and muscular arms. The feeling of water rolling down her body and Julien staring at her had Anna feeling exhilarated. Julien caught himself staring and immediately diverted his eyes,

"Umm. . .I could toss your clothes in the dryer if you like," he awkwardly offered.

Anna smiled, "Sounds like a good idea," she replied, looking down again, seeing a pool of water forming as water dripped from their clothes.

"Think I could borrow that t-shirt again, and some pants maybe," she continued.

Jacob searched his mind before replying, 

"T-shirt yes, pants. . .I'm not sure if I have anything that will fit.

"A pair of boxers will be fine," Anna replied rather nonchalantly. 

"Okay then, sure thing." 

Julien went up to his room and retrieved a t-shirt and a grey pair of boxers. 

Meeting Anna in the living room, he turned over the clothes,

"You know where the guest room is, and there are towels in the bathroom, I'm gonna change." Anna thanked him and they both went in separate directions. 

Annabelle immediately stripped out of the soaking dress, laying it on the bathroom counter. She stared at herself in the mirror. She smiled at the sight of her wet body, she could see the dark rosiness of her nipples showing through her white bra, and the lips of her pussy clearly outlined against her black thong. Anna stripped nude and toweled herself off. After drying her hair as best she could, Anna slipped on the t-shirt and pulled on the boxers, amused at the gaping hole in front. When she stood up straight the flap in the boxers wasn't an issue. Anna wrapped her bra and panties in her dress, grabbed it and headed back out to the living room. 

As she entered the living room, Julien was making his way down the stairs, his wet clothes in hand. He was dressed in a white t-shirt and shorts.

"Make yourself at home," he instructed, "Just give me those wet clothes and I'll toss them in the dryer," Julien continued stretching out an open hand. 

Anna placed the wet bundle in Julien's hand and sat down on the couch. Julien walked through the kitchen over to the laundry room. He place both his and Anna's clothes on top the closed washing machine and opened up the dryer. As a matter of habit he grabbed the clothes item by item and placed them into to dryer. When he got to Anna's dress her grabbed it at the top and picked it up. While he didn't mean to, the dress unrolled and out fell Anna's bra and panties. He was a little surprised, but didn't really know why; of course she would need her underwear dried. It then dawned on him that this meant she wasn't currently wearing any underwear. Julien tossed Anna's dress into the dryer then picked up her underwear from the floor. He took a guilty moment and examined her panties; he could not believe Anna would be wearing something this sexy. He tossed them in and turned on the dryer. 

When Julien returned to the living room he found Anna curled up on the couch. He noticed that the boxers she wore had ridden up her legs. She had retrieved a medium sized tub of rocky road ice-cream from his fridge and ate from it with a spoon. Anna smiled at Julien as she sucked on the end of the spoon,
