 I work in a large industrial plant where various departments have to work together on projects to get the job done right and on time. On this particular project we needed the help or assistance of another engineering department that we normally don't deal with. My job puts me in the position of being an assistant to my department head at times. I don't have any authority, but get the cheap thrill of attending some pretty boring meetings and having to deal with the assistant heads of other departments who also have no authority and cannot make decisions. The assistant department head of the other engineering department was Pam Goodman. I had seen her around for several months. She was very sexy, had a great body, and being and engineer herself, was no dummy. I would also like to point out that she had always appeared very professional and never flirted that I had ever seen. Now keep in mind that this is the nineties and making a pass at a woman at work can get your ass in deep shit if you aren't very careful. Sexual harassment and all that. If you tell the wrong woman she has a great ass, it could be you last day on that job.

Recently I have had a number phone conversations with Pam. After the first few, she started sounding rather sexy on the phone and dropped a few sexual innuendoes, but they weren't too blatant. The more I had talked to her the more innuendoes she had used and the more blatant they had become. It was like she had sex on the brain and I was turning her on even though I was being very careful about what I said. Maybe she had picked up that I was watching what I said, figured I would love to have flirted with her but was afraid to, and took it as a challenge. The last call was the one that got even more suggestive. During the conversation I had to admit that I had forgotten to get something done and that it had been a hard day.

"So, who made you hard today?" she asked.

"Made me hard today? Interesting choice of words."

"Did you see some woman showing a little cleavage or something?"

So much for my wondering if that juxtaposition of words had been an accident, though I had been pretty sure it wasn't. "No, I said I had a hard day, not that I got hard today, though that did happen too."

"Like I said, who made you hard today? I know you had a hard day, but who made you hard? I would think that would be a high point in your day."

"Oh, I'd rather not say." As little as I knew her at this point I wasn't going to tell her it was her cute ass walking down the hall that had given me the hardon. This conversation was getting interesting, but I was defiantly going to let her lead it.

"You're no fun. I thought you might have gotten flashed or something. Ever had that happen? Any of the women here ever flash you?"

"No, I can't say that that has ever happened. I wouldn't mind it, but it hasn't happened yet. Why, have you ever done any flashing here?"

"Maybe."

"Not telling?"

"No. Maybe you ought to pay more attention. It goes on around here a lot more than you might think."

"You're kidding?"

"No. It's not like women go around flashing the whole place or anything. They just flash someone they want to have see them. Sometimes it's pretty subtle. Like a woman wearing a loose low cut blouse over a very skimpy bra and then leaning over to talk to some guy she is interested in and making sure he gets a good look down her front. I guess the smaller breasted and daring ones don't bother with the bra. Sometimes she manages to show him her undies, and sometimes she won't have any undies on and will manage to make sure someone special sees her bare bottom."

"Oh, okay, then they are showing themselves to a potential boyfriend or lover for the most part."

"Pretty much, but some of the flashers are married and when you flash you never know who is going to see for sure. There are also a few die hard flashers working here. I have see a few who just flash for the hell of it. You know, regular exhibitionists."

"My kinda girls." I sighed, "It's a real shame, but I have never seen one. That would certainly brighten up a guy's day."

"Ya gotta look. They're here! If I've seen them, the guys must have seen them too."

"Okay, I'll keep my eyes open for them."

That sort of ended that line of conversation and she got back to business. That call was concluded pretty quickly after that. We were supposed to attend a meeting the next day with our department heads, a VP, and a few other people. I don't know why we were supposed to attend when our department heads were going, but it was probably the usual excuse of keeping us up to date. It had all the earmarks of being a real sleeper. I have attended a few of these kinds of meetings before. You really wish you had a pillow.

The meeting was the next day, right after lunch. Being that it was right after lunch, it was going to be difficult to stay awake for this one. I got to the conference room a few minutes early and took a chair (they were nicely padded swivel rockers) near the foot of the table. It was long table and since there weren't going to be all that many people, I just figured I would let the real bullshit artists take the seats near the head of the table. That way those who were interested could bullshit and suck up to the VP at the same time.

Not long after I took my seat a few others came into the room. All known bullshitters, and true to form, they got seats near the head of the table. A few others came in and distributed themselves around the table, but tended to stay away from my end. Pam came in a few minutes later. She was wearing a rather short skirt, low heels, and a pretty tight sweater that really made her B cup breasts very noticeable. She was looking hot today. Much to my surprise she sat at the foot of the table. She had a pile of three ring binders with something in them that she was going to pass out later in the meeting. She put these on the table to her left and sat down. After getting her other papers in order she pushed her swivel chair away from the table a little, turned her chair toward me, and looked like she was ready for the meeting to begin. "You ready for this?" she asked.

"I suppose. It will probably be a real sleeper."

"You never know. Some meetings are just better than others." she said with a wicked grin.

There was something about the way Pam said that and her grin that made me wonder what she was thinking about. There wasn't anything sexual about that, but after that conversation with her yesterday I had to wonder. There was no one close to her on her left and she was turned toward me some. What could she be up to?

My wondering was cut short by the entrance of the VP and the last two people. All of which sat at or near the head of the table, or at least as much as they could. Everyone sat down and Mr. VP got things going by putting up a few overhead foils and started explaining what we were doing and where we were going - ancient history. I turned to see if Pam was any more interested in this than I was. She was watching alright, and seemed to be absorbed in what was going on. She still had her chair turned toward me and was looking off to her left to see what was going on. She had leaned back in her chair. I had a pretty good view of her shapely legs. Now if she would just part her legs a little I was willing to bet that I could see what color panties she had on. Right on cue, she shifted a little in her chair and moved her legs apart some. I couldn't exactly see what color her panties were, but they were probably dark. I did see something else interesting though, she didn't wear pantyhose, she had on those thigh-high stockings. I was getting a pretty good view of her!

I turned my attention to the discussion at the head of the table so as not to get caught by either her or someone else. A couple of the new people had asked a few questions and were getting a rather lengthy explanation by Pam's boss. I paid attention for something like the next ten minutes, but then I caught Pam shift a little in her seat out of the corner of my eye. Wondering if the view had gotten any better, I first glance over to see if she was still watching the discussion; she was. I turned slowly and looked at her lap. The view had improved alright, the skirt had moved up a little and I thought I could see that she didn't have any panties on! Wow, I could feel myself getting hard having seen her bush! I wasn't sure if she was flashing me or if she was just being very careless.

It was difficult, but I turned my head back in an attempt to pay attention to what was going on in this meeting. I had to have some idea of what this meeting had been about when it was over. A little later I noticed that her hand had gone to her lap. Well, that was probably the end of the view. She had probably adjusted her skirt to cover herself. I waited another minute or so and then couldn't help but steal another look at her lap. Holy shit! She had hiked her skirt higher, showing her bush even more clearly, and that hand in her lap waved its fingers at me! Flashing hell, she was putting on one hell of a show. I glanced back at the discussion at the head of the table, and then back to her. She took a finger and slowly lowered it between her legs and then very slowly crooked it and slid it up her fur covered slit. She slowly moved it up and down her slit a few times, and then took two fingers and spread her pussy lips wide so I could see the inner lips and her erect clit peaking out of its hood at the top. By now I had an erection that was killing me! I also had no idea what was going on in this meeting, but got the idea that it was about over. I couldn't pay attention to it now, and just had to sneak another glance at her lap. If the last look hadn't been erotic enough, her legs were spread wider and she had now inserted a finger into herself and was slowly pumping it in and out. This put new meaning to the expression "getting off on meetings!"

Finally she was called upon to pass out the binders she had with her. Just as cool as you please she took the finger out of herself and with a flick of her hand straightened her skirt. She stood up and passed out the binders. A few minutes later the meeting was over. Everyone got up and started out. She scooted around to her left, ignoring me, and caught up with her manager, acting as though nothing had happened. I used my new binder to cover the fact that I had a raging hardon and left for my office.

That had been an interesting meeting. All I could think about was Pam in there playing with herself and making sure that I could see her doing it. She was quite an exhibitionist and I had enjoyed every second of it. I didn't know she had that in her. I wondered if she did anything beyond tease and show off. Now here I was back in my office horney as hell and with a hardon that wouldn't go away. I was thinking of unzipping my pants and taking care of the problem when the phone rang. "Hello." I said picking it up.

"Nice meeting huh?" It was Pam.

"It wasn't dull. I didn't know you were into that sort of thing."

"Into what thing? Showing off or flashing?"

"Yea, that."

"I don't do that everyday or for just anyone. I told you there were some of us here. Did you like it?"

"Yea I liked it. I had so much fun watching you that I have no idea what went on in that meeting. Do you not wear panties at all, or was that just a little treat for me?"

"I usually do. Not always, but most of the time. I went into the ladies room and slipped them off just before I came into that conference room. Did you get hard watching me?"

"No kidding! I was very happy to have that binder to hide it with when we left that conference room. It would have been very embarrassing otherwise."

She giggled. "I wish I had seen it. I just love knowing I got you all excited and hard. Are you still nice and hard?"

"Yea, I'm still hard. Talking to the one who got me this way isn't exactly making the condition go away! Did you get pretty wet doing that?"

"You bet! Couldn't you see from where you were?"

"No, I wasn't that close to you."

"Hmm...I thought you would be able to see that I was really wet. So, what are you going to do with that nice hardon?"

"Nothing. After I stop talking to you it might go away." Yea, in about a week.

"That would be a waste. You aren't going to get yourself off right now?"

She was really kinky. I think she thought I was going to jack off while I was talking to her on the phone. "What? While I am talking to you on the phone?"

"Sure. Ever hear of phone sex? I never put my panties back on and I am playing with myself right now. I thought you would have your office door closed and you would be jacking off."

"You're playing with yourself right now?"

"Sure. I have the office door closed, my panties are off, and I am sitting here behind my desk like a good working girl. I just happen to have my legs as far apart as I can get them under this desk while I slip a finger into myself and then slide that nice wet finger up to my clit and rub it. I have been doing that the whole time I have been talking to you."

"You're kidding?"

"No! I'm really getting pretty excited too. I'm very wet now and my clitoris is all swollen up and sticking out of its little hood so I can pet it. I run my finger over it a few times and then slide my finger down to my little fuck hole and get it wet again and then back up to my clit. I could probably come pretty soon but I like being almost there while I talk to you. You sure you don't want to take you nice stiff cock out and get off with me?"

Damn she was kinky, liked to talk dirty, and loved phone sex! I still wondered if it was all talk or if I was ever going to get in her pants. "I don't know. I have never gotten off while talking to someone on the phone before, much less right here at work! What if my boss comes in and wants to have me go somewhere with him? It would be a little embarrassing to stand up with my dick hanging out."

"Your dick would be sticking out if it's hard, and your manager is off with mine and that VP. They will be tied up the rest of the afternoon. Now get it out and tell me what you're doing!"

What the fuck. I was so horney now that I just had to get off. This was an insane idea, but I finally gave in to her and unzipped my pants and let my cock out. Fortunately there was a box of Kleenex on my desk. This could get messy. "Okay," I said, "it's out and I am stroking it."

"Is it nice and hard?" She really sounded excited now.

"Yea, and I am stroking it pretty fast now too. The head is all swollen. I can't last long."

"I'm really wet now." she panted. "My clit is sticking out as far as I have ever seen it. I'm rubbing my fingers over it so fast now... I wish I could play with my nipples... I'm gonna come pretty soon too... I hope we get off together... Oh God this is so hot!...tell me what you're doing."

"I'm stoking it."

"Stroking what?" she whispered.

"My cock!"

"Don't be so vague. Tell me you are stoking your nice hard cock. Tell me about the swollen head. I want to hear it!"

"I'm stroking my nice hard cock. The head is all swollen up and it is kinda purple and there is some pre-come oozing out now. I think I am gonna..."

"I just love pre-come!"

"...come pretty soon... It's getting real close."

"Tell me when you shoot that nice hot white come out the end of your nice hard cock... I just love it when guys do that. ...I want to get off at the same time...I'm so close it's hard to hold off!"

As few seconds later I did come. I told her a huge load shot out the end and landed on my desk. Actually I had grabbed a few Kleenex and shot a huge load of come into that instead, but she really liked the fantasy version.

"Oh...yeeeesssss...Oh God...I'm coming...I'm coming soooo hard!" She really kept her voice down. It was just above a whisper.

There was a short period where no one said anything. There was just heavy breathing on the phone.

"We gotta get together and do the real thing." I finally gasped.

"The real thing? As in you wanna fuck me? You want to get naked with me and fuck me?"

"No kidding! I just got off, but I still want to put something deep inside you."

"Hmm...what would you like to put deep inside me?"

Christ she never quits! "My hard cock. I want to put my hard cock in your wet twat!"

"Oh,...my wet twat! That's better." she purred. "Are you going to fuck me real hard and come inside me?"

"I'm going to ram my hard cock into you until you scream and fill you up with my come."

"How about this afternoon?"

"Really?"

"Yea. Everyone leaves here about four. Come over here a little before that. We can use my office. I have had a fantasy about getting laid in my office."

"I'll be there!" I had a fantasy about getting laid in my office too, but right now any office would do. Hers would be just fine. "By the way, did you have your door closed when you got off? Somehow I get the impression you didn't."

"No, I just told you it was closed. It was wide open. That's why I couldn't play with my nipples. I kinda get off on jilling off at my desk with people walking by. Somehow it makes masturbating a lot more exciting. I just love playing with myself when there is the possibility that someone might walk into my office... Did you really shoot off all over your desk?"

"I should have guessed about the door. I didn't come all over my desk, just the first spurt hit it." I lied as I put my cock back in my pants and zipped up.

"God I wish I could have seen it. Gotta go. See you just before four." and she hung up.

Someone must have come into her office. I took that wet gob of Kleenex and dumped it in the trash in the men's room. I wasn't going to have my office smelling like come or sex. It was now two thirty and I couldn't wait for four to get here. I thought the people in her area stuck around till five, but I suppose they come in early so the get out early or something like that.

I found a few things to do until just before four, but mostly I thought about her and what she had been doing during that meeting and on the phone. I had a hardon all afternoon. I have never seen a woman put on a show like that anywhere let alone at work, and I had never had a woman talk like that on a phone before. I found it even stranger that we had both gotten off while talking to each other on the phone! Maybe I was a little kinky too and just didn't know it.

I got to her office about ten to four. Some other guy was just leaving with and arm load of papers. Looking around, I saw quite a few people still in this area. If they were going to leave at four they weren't showing any sign of being in any hurry to get out the door.

"Come on in and have a seat." she said.

There were two chairs in front of her desk so I sat in one. "Is this place really going to clear out pretty soon?" I asked.

"There'll be a few stragglers, but most of them will be gone by five after the hour. I have to deliver these files to Jim." she said. "I'll be right back." She picked up a stack of file folders and left the office.

I looked around the place a little. The desk was in the middle of the room and facing the door. I suppose that did make it easy for her to jill off at her desk without anyone being able to see; as long as there weren't any facial contortions or moaning as she was coming. I wondered just how often she really did that. The desk didn't have much on it, just a small stack of papers, one of those large desk pads that people doodle all over, and a desk lamp.

She came back about five minutes later. "There, that's it for the day. Now," she said closing the door, "I'll just turn off the overhead lights and leave the desk light on. What little light shows under the door will make it will look like I have gone for the day. No one saw me come back in so anyone passing this office will think I am gone. It also gets a little more intimate in here with the overhead lights off." She sat down in the other chair in front of her desk. "Did you think about me this afternoon?"
