 It was Friday, the day before Christmas Eve, and I had only just gotten the mistletoe that afternoon. I had gotten a great deal more than we needed, and as I arranged and glued a bunch of mistletoe to a sprig of holly, a couple of cranberries, three jingle bells and a few tiny gold ornaments and tied it all together with a red velvety ribbon for our entryway's arrangement, I had a wild idea. I made similar arrangements for every light or ceiling fan you can stand under in the entire house and one special one I could hang around my neck; without the holly, for obvious reasons. I dutifully hung the arrangement in the entryway and squirreled the rest away for later.

We finally finished cleaning and setting up the dining and living rooms for our annual Christmas party the next night, and took a warm relaxing bath together; after which I hurriedly (needlessly, as I would find out later) put on my robe and went to hang the rest of my mistletoe ornaments throughout the house. The one around my neck hung just where I wanted it to, between my belly button and the top of my cock. I turned on Harry Connick Jr.'s Christmas album and got us each a drink. I was standing in the entryway below the mistletoe when she came strutting down the hall. I say strutting because the three and a half inch tall red stiletto pumps she was wearing with her terrycloth robe made her hips sway sensually and the hem of her robe dance wickedly as she walked towards me. Wow! What a sight, her 95 pounds are spread deliciously over her 34C-24-34 five foot three inch frame, but her sparkling blue eyes and radiant smile are what truly makes her beautiful-and boy was she smiling brightly. I was so mesmerized by her glowing beauty that I didn't even think that her stiletto heels were out of place following a day's end bath. She glanced up at the mistletoe, and then back at me and asked, "Are you waiting there for me?"

"We didn't get a chance to test drive it earlier, so I figured I would hang out here and see what happened," I replied. She wrapped her arms around me and we shared a languid kiss, nothing frenzied or rushed, but deep and passionate nonetheless. It lasted about thirty seconds, but felt so much shorter, and as our lips parted I kissed her cheek and then her ear lobe. "I love you," I whispered into her ear; she hugged me a little tighter and kissed me again, a little longer this time but still controlled. Kissing that way always turns her on, and since turning her on was an essential part of my plan I lingered on her lips. I handed her a drink and wrapped my arm around her waist to guide her towards our family room. 

Another mistletoe arrangement hung in the center of the arched doorway and she pivoted into me as she moved underneath it, "Shall we test this one too?" she asked playfully as she tilted her lips up towards mine. "But of course", I replied and pulled her up against me as we kissed. The flushing of her cheeks, the fullness of her lips against mine, her quickening heart rate beating against my chest and the increasing warmth of her body pressing against mine let me know that she was getting aroused.

"I think we should enjoy our drinks in by the fire," I said after our lips broke apart this time. The Christmas tree looked fantastic as the reddish gold flickering firelight highlighted the ornaments, tinsel and brightly wrapped packages. I set my drink on the table as we slipped through the door and as Loretta stepped under the first of the two ceiling fans in the room I wrapped my arms around her and kissed her behind the ear. My cock was beginning to thicken and pushed against her back. She pushed back into me as she twisted around to kiss my lips again. She gave me no clue if she felt the ornament pressing into her along with my swelling prick. 

I reached for the belt to her robe "Naughty, naughty! Aren't you worried that Santa might be watching?" she said as she playfully pushed my hands away. "By the way I like all of the mistletoe you've hung up, and I think I'm just going to have to kiss you under each bit of it" 

I quickly ushered her beneath the other ceiling fan for our next kiss. This time she slowly ground her pelvis against my now stiff cock as we explored each others lips; she was obviously very turned on. I glanced at the television-and there we were on screen in front of our Christmas tree kissing passionately; the small red light on the digital camcorder stared back at me-it was time to hatch my plan. I turned a little to improve the televisions image of us, "So, I get a passionate kiss tonight beneath each and every sprig of mistletoe, do I?" I asked as innocently as possible. 

"I think you've earned it, after all you have been a good boy this year haven't you?" she replied. 

"I think I've been a very good boy this year," I said as I slowly unbelted my robe and began to shrug it off of my shoulders. 

"What are you doing?" she asked as my robe fell away and the red velvety ribbon holding my hidden mistletoe came into view. She relaxed her hug a bit to let my robe fall completely off, and giggled when she saw my mistletoe talisman dangling in front of my black silk boxer shorts, now pushed over to the side by my hard cock trying to push its way out. She adores these shorts; keeping them perfumed with my after shave lotion-they are the only pair of underwear, male or female, in the whole house. Her smile broadened and she smartly reached for the belt to her robe and slowly undid it, "You're not the only one with a sexy surprise around here tonight Bucko!" she announced as she sensuously slipped her robe off. It made a dull thumping noise as it crumpled onto the carpet; and there in front of me stood my wife of 17 years in a red velvet Santa's helper baby doll teddy complete with white feathery trim around the hem.

She looked incredible, "Wow! You look fantastic. Did Santa send you here to give me Christmas early?" I asked. 

"Maybe" she laughed and stepped back into my arms to hungrily kiss me, I could feel her heart racing as she pressed herself against my chest and her heat as she straddled my leg, the feathery trim tickled and covered me with goosebumps. She held my cock in her left hand and said, "I did say I would kiss you beneath all of the mistletoe, didn't I?" She nibbled her way down my chest and stopped to tease my nipple, she held it between her white teeth and tugged on it lightly before sucking it into her mouth and twirling her tongue around it. My left hand rested lightly on her cheek and trailed her as she slowly made her way down my torso-kissing, licking, and nibbling, the whole way. Her hand slowly pumped my cock. She balanced herself with her other hand on my hip as she slowly squatted down to rest her gorgeous ass on top of her red pumps. 

The hem of her teddy was pushed up as it fell off of her sexy legs and I quickly glanced at the television screen to see if she had anything on underneath it. The little lightning bolt shaped patch of pubic hair above her pussy was clearly visible on the screen. She looked up at me and said, "We seem to have a problem here. The thing you would most like to have kissed down here isn't under the mistletoe anymore, but rather next to it." She pushed her face into the boxer shorts and inhaled deeply smelling the after shave, "God that feels fantastic" I said as the cool breeze she created swirled around my balls.

"If you liked that, you are gonna love this then," she replied and sucked the head of my silk covered cock into her mouth. She continued to pump my cock as she sucked on it through the boxer shorts. 

"That's it, suck my cock. Get it good and wet so I can fuck you with it," I rasped at her. She gets very wet very fast when she sucks on my cock although she denies the fact it excites her so much. "Is your pussy getting all wet and creamy so I can fuck it? Oh yeah that's it, oh my god that feels fantastic." She slipped her hand up the leg of my shorts and cupped my balls as she twisted her head around my cock. After several minutes of her spiritedly sucking on my cock I said, "Now reach down there and check your pussy. See if it's wet enough to be fucked yet. Just keep sucking me while you do. Mnh, Oh yeah-like that, just like that." 

She also gets really turned on when I talk dirty to her; so while I talked and she sucked my cock her pace began to build. I felt her free hand slide smoothly down off of my hip and again I stole a glance at the TV screen, her hand slipped deftly between her legs and she opened her swollen pussy lips with two fingers and dipped a third into her juicy hole. She slid it in and out a few times before adding the other two to open her pussy up completely for a couple of bonus strokes. It looked absolutely incredible; as she lifted her slippery fingers to my mouth she slipped her mouth off of my cock and asked, "Do you think my pussy is ready for you to fuck?" 

I greedily sucked her sweet nectar off of her fingers before I pulled her up to her feet and kissed her. She kept stroking my cock through the boxers, "Turn around." I told her. I ran my hands up her sides and cupped her breasts rolling and squeezing her nipples through the velvet teddy, she ground her round ass back into my cock. Firelight danced wickedly on the shiny trail my boxers smeared on her beautiful tanned ass cheek. 

I pulled the ottoman over in front of her, "Bend over and put your hands on this." I said, and then I put a piece of Christmas candy on the back of each of her hands, "You can do whatever you want to; just don't let these fall off of your hands, okay?" "I'll try" she panted back. I kissed her deeply, our tongues wrestled together and I began to suck on hers. I pushed her feet together and with her bent over at the waist like that her swollen pussy pouted lewdly out from between her legs. The feathery marabou trim clung to the orbs of her butt cheeks resting just above the crack of her sexy ass. She looked absolutely irresistible, ready to please and be pleasured-the sensuousness she exuded was nothing short of inspirational.

I knelt behind her and put one hand on each of her sweet ass cheeks with my thumbs turned inward towards her puckered asshole and gently pulled outward. I licked up the length of her slit; her wet shaved lips glistened in the firelight. I then drew little circles with my tongue around her mound, "Lick my pussy" she commanded, "Stick your tongue in me, fuck me with your tongue, ooooh ahh that's it." I did what she told me to do and she started bending her knees a little as she hunched her shoulders down getting my tongue just where she wanted it, "Oh, yes-s-s-s! Suck on my clit, suck it, oh yeah-that's it, ooooh mmmm." I sucked on her bulging pussy lips and then ran my tongue up to her lovely little sphincter giving her a quick rim job. 

I stood up and lined up my silk covered hard on with her open pussy. "I guess the question now is; have you been naughty or nice?" I asked as I slowly raked her twitching pussy lips with the head of my cock.

"Oh, I've been both naughty and nice this year; and sometimes, like right now, naughty is nice isn't it?" she cooed back at me as she pushed back at my cock with her quivering pussy. "Now be a good boy and fill me up with that wonderfully hard cock of yours." My engorged cock did not slip neatly into place as usual, despite her well creamed pussy; the silk boxer shorts I was still wearing made it take a little longer to get inside of her. She loved it though, "Oh my God, that feels so-o-o good! Don't stop." she moaned throatily. I looked down as I continued to push slowly in and watched with fascination as the lips of her pussy clung tightly to the moist silk and got pushed inside also. I stopped where I was and a few seconds later her puffy lips popped back out around my silk covered shaft punctuated by a happy little "Ooh" from my wife and a delighted twitch of her hips. I pressed forward and watched again as her pussy was turned outside in and popped back out twice more before I was fully inside of her. 

The heat from her pussy was amazing, it felt hotter than I ever remembered, and the addition of the impromptu boxer short condom made her feel exceptionally tight. I continued to rest my left hand on her smooth ass cheek with my thumb aimed at her little brown bunghole. My mistletoe talisman dangled just above the crack of her ass nestled in the white feathery hem of her teddy.

I paused like this for only a few seconds but it seemed like so much longer, I was letting her get used to the added material stuffed inside of her and trying to control myself at the same time. She then started to hunch and roll her hips again. I slowly pulled back until only the tip of my cock was still inside of her and then just as slowly pushed back in. The wet silk clung to my cock and glistened in the golden firelight. I repeated the process increasing the tempo with each delightful stroke until I was pounding away at her and the Christmas music was being drowned out by the wet slapping sound of my pelvis against her ass at the culmination of each stroke. 

The mistletoe bounced wildly to and fro ricocheting, first off of my pelvis, and then off the crack of her ass and occasionally flipping off of my hand or wrist. The jingle bells punctuated the air; blending in with the sounds of the Christmas music, Loretta's moaning and our bodies slapping as they jingled with the peculiar rhythm of our wild fucking. I slid my thumb over her sphincter and pressed lightly, I couldn't hold out very much longer it felt so damn good. Her second orgasm was nearing. "Mmmm, unh, oh yes-s-s-s, again like that yes-s-s, fuck me, unh, harder-ooh that's it." she practically howled, "Oh yes, that's it! Right there, like that! Ohhh! Oh Yes-s-s!" Her hips began to buck wildly and her pussy spasmed frantically around my cock, the Christmas candy bounced off of her hands and into the floor. Her body shuddered completely and her legs began to buckle. I clung to her hips and enjoyed the ride as my cock exploded; shooting spurt after spurt of jism deep inside of her. 

Her face was flushed red as she straightened up and she glistened with a fine sheen of perspiration. I circled her waist with one arm and kissed her neck and ear, "That was fantabulous" I whispered into her ear, "How did I ever get so lucky?" Her pink flushed breasts jiggled wickedly in time with her rapid breathing and my cock remained semi-hard inside of her.

"Let me show you just how lucky you've gotten," she hoarsely whispered as she slowly reached behind her and softly pushed me back so my half erect cock slipped out of her. The coolness of the air on the soaking wet silk clinging to my cock felt great. She turned around and again began stroking my cock, she had a look in her eyes that I had not seen in quite a while; she was absolutely radiant-glowing with carnal hunger and pure lust. She let go of me long enough to get hold of the waistband of my boxers and peel them down my legs. She bent over at the waist as she pushed the silky wet mess down to and over my ankles. As she did this she caught the head of my cock with her full red lips and sucked it back into her mouth, her hair danced wildly around as her tongue swirled around my stiffening cock. I kicked the boxers out of the way and her hand was once again milking my cock in time with her bobbing head. 

She let my cock slip out of her mouth and said "Lay on your back in front of the fire". I checked the TV as I lay down to make sure this was also in view. She straddled my waist and holding my cock straight up she aimed it at her puffy red pussy. She gazed straight into my eyes with a lascivious grin on her face and fell down onto me impaling her hot steamy pussy onto my hard cock in one quick movement. She held her hair up out of her face and began to bounce up and down on me, "Now play with my tits, twist my nipples and pull on them, make me come all over your cock again."

I had one nipple in each hand twisting and rolling them between my thumb and forefinger, pinching them and pulling on them to where they stretched her tit almost straight out. She bounced feverishly up and down on my cock as she continued to frantically roll her hips around in wild crazy circles. The flickering firelight made her even more beautiful, "That's it fuck me," I hissed "Fuck me; harder." I slipped my hand down to massage her hard little clit with my thumb, as I did this I pressed on the front of her pubic mound with the rest of my hand. I could feel my cock inside of her sliding in and out as she kept riding up and down on me, it was great. She again squealed as she began to cum and lithely fell over backwards; driving my cock directly into her g-spot. She put her hand over mine to rub her clit harder as she ground her hot pussy in frenzied little circles around my pole. She lay back like that for several minutes, her heaving breasts glistened in the firelight and her hard nipples pointed at the ceiling bouncing atop her wonderful full tits as she shuddered in delight. Contented little oohs and ahs escaped her mouth as she subtly gyrated her spasming pussy very slowly around my hard cock.

Eventually, she held her hands up towards me so that I could help her sit back up. The look on her face was one of complete euphoria; a pleasant mixture of sexual contentment and total relaxation. Her delicate cheeks were flushed a dark pink and her eyes were glassy and half closed in a blissful trance; the light film of perspiration replaced by sheen of sweat. She let out a sexy little contented moan as her flowing pussy shifted around my cock still buried deep within her and she realized it was still very hard. She lay down on top of me, her moist velvet teddy sticking to my skin felt fiery hot to the touch. Her magnificent breasts peeked over her bodice still and her rock hard nipples pushed into my chest. Her fingers wandered through my damp hair on either side of my head as she continued to slowly circle her juicy pussy around my cock. She made little contented mewling noises as she lightly kissed my face and neck, her cool damp hair pleasantly dragging across my neck and shoulders. Her panting breath caused goose bumps to cover my neck and shoulders as it slowly returned to normal. 

She rolled away from, and off of me, in one smooth deft motion; happily I noticed it was away from the camera so she was still onscreen-this was working out better than I had hoped for. Her knees were a deep crimson and had the texture of the carpet pushed into them. Her soft warm hand began to once again stroke my slick prick. "Mmmm, you ARE being a very good boy tonight!" she whispered deeply. She looked so sexy! Her moist skin shimmered in the glow of the fire as she pumped my cock and gazed into my eyes. "Perhaps Santa sent something extra special for you."

"God, I hope he did," was all I could come up with to say. 

"Oh trust me he did. You don't think I'm dressed like this for me, do you?" she replied and began kissing her way down my body. She gracefully pivoted on her hip and half sat up as she did and was soon licking the slit in the tip of my cock with her little pink tongue. She slowly pumped it up and down as she held it up to lick, twisting her hand around it as she did so. The thick creamy coating of pussy juice made it very slippery and it felt fantastic. "We taste so good together" she half muttered, and then slipped the head of my cock into her warm mouth "Mmmm". I ran my hand up the back of her thigh towards her happy little pussy as she twisted her tongue all around the rim of my swollen cock head. Her right knee rose slowly up to allow my wandering hand access to her luscious pussy. 

The look of her, bent over sucking my cock with her leg held up precariously balancing on the toe of her sexy red pump so I could fondle her drenched pussy, was breathtaking and I was glad it was all being recorded on DVD so we could enjoy it again together later. My hand found her pussy and I easily slid two fingers deep inside of her and began to massage her g-spot as my thumb rested over her swollen clit. Her hips responded on their own; wrenching towards my exploring hand. Her mouth let go of my cock, her warm breath on my wet cock an intoxicating gale of enjoyable sensations. "Mmmm, oh yes, anh yes-s-s." She whispered to my twitching penis as her hips gyrated. "You are going to have to stop doing that if you want me to be able to concentrate on this. It's very distracting"
