 Disclaimer: All individuals in this work of fiction are above the age of 18 years.

Would greatly appreciate if you read the previous chapters.

Comments are always welcomed.

I think this will be the final installment to this series, hope you enjoyed it. 

*

I woke up and rolled over onto my side. Anna's hair was growing back; it reached the base of her neck now. I placed my hand on her neck, rubbing her warm skin with my thumb. It had been a late night; Anna's flight was delayed and didn't come in till 1am. I picked her up and we went straight to bed once we arrived at my place.

Anna responded to my gentle rubbing and turned to face me,

"Morning," she whispered.

I smiled in response.

"A whole week on our own, I can't believe it," she continued as she placed her hand on my face, rubbing my cheek.

Normally on a Monday, I'd be rushing off to work, but I managed to secure the week off, although I would have to put in a couple hours from home.

After breakfast Anna suggested that we hit the beach so we set out to get ready. I had just put on a white tee and my green swim trunks and was sitting on the edge of the bed checking my email on my phone. I looked up and watched as Anna casually strolled into the bedroom from the bathroom, completely naked. She wasn't even trying yet managed to look incredible sexy. Her skin was lightly tanned and toned all over. Her perky breasts tipped with dark pink puffy nipples looked amazing. I leaned back on the bed and just admired the view,

"I can definitely get used to this," I commented as Anna rifled through her suitcase for something to wear. She looked up to me almost unknowingly, and then smiled. Anna retrieved her swimsuit and some clothes then returned to the bathroom. When she emerged again, Anna was fully dressed, white tank top, her polka dot bikini top visible through it, and daisy dukes jean shorts. We packed a bag with beach supplies and jumped in the car. 

We were lucky enough to find a parking spot only a street over from the beach. I filled the parking meter with change and Anna and I started our trek towards the beach. Anna spread our beach towel on the sand, anchoring it with her flip flops. I removed my t-shirt, placing it in our bag, then watched as Anna shimmied out of her shorts and tank top. I fished a bottle of sunscreen from the bag and began to cover my arms and shoulders. Anna held out her palm and I squirted some cream into them. She rubbed her palms together then roamed them across my chest and stomach. When she was done she rubbed her neck and cleavage. She turned for me to do her back. I squeezed some sunscreen into my hands and then pressed my palms against Anna's back. Her skin was warm and soft. My hands travelled from the top of her shoulders down to the small of her back. I briefly slipped the tips of my fingers beneath the top of her bikini bottoms, feeling the curve of her bum before kneeling down and doing her legs and thighs. When we were done, I tossed the bottle of sunscreen on our towel and we walked towards the water. 

We were both enjoying the cool waters in the south Florida heat.

"So there's something I've been meaning to tell you. I was gonna wait till the end of my trip, sort of a happing going away present," Anna tentatively stated.

I looked at her inquisitively, 

"Well. . .what is it baby?"

"My mom called me while I was at the airport yesterday waiting to board," Anna began, "I got a letter at home, I told her to open it, it was an acceptance letter for grad school."

"Wow Anna that great! Congrats baby!" I exclaimed, genuinely excited.

"That's not the best part," she continued, "It was an acceptance letter from UM!"

"Miami?!? What? Are you serious?! You didn't even tell me you applied," I responded, a beaming smile across my face.

"I didn't want to get our hopes up," she explained, before I wrapped my arms around her. 

Still hugging, we pressed our foreheads together and stared into each other's eyes. Our lips found each other,

"I'll be moving down in the summer, after my last senior semester."

"Wow, I guess I'll have to give up all those other girlfriends if you're going to be around to check up on me," I teased.

Anna punched me in the stomach beneath the water,

"Jerk!" she retorted, before we kissed again. 

"This is amazing news," I stated, pulling Anna close as she wrapped her legs around me. 

Anna chuckled, 

"I didn't think this amazing though," she replied as she rubbed her stomach against my developing hardon. 

My burgeoning erection must have sneaked up on me, with all the kissing and hugging. We started to look around, as if the same thought struck us both simultaneously. We were pretty far off from shore. Being a Monday, the beach was sparsely occupied, and most of the crowd was located closer to the shore. Anna turned her gaze from the shore back to me and we kissed. A few minutes later, I positioned myself behind Anna and we both faced the shore. With just our necks above water, we tried to look as normal as possible as slid my trunks down to my knees. Anna lowered herself onto my lap. I slid her bikini bottoms to the side and pressed my cock against the lips of her pussy. Upon feeling my penis against her lips, Anna pushed back, forcing my cock deep inside of her. With my cock buried in Anna, I released my grasp on her bikini bottoms and placed my hands on her hips. Above water, we made every effort to keep our heads still, beneath; I was slowly thrusting into Anna's warm cunt.

"I can't believe we're doing this," Anna moaned, "This is so hot," she confessed as she gyrated her body on mines. 

We both stifled our moans as circles of gentle waves moved outwards from our position. The warmness of Anna's body was in stark contrast to the cool beach waters. Our slow, discrete rhythm ensured a prolonged fucking session, but eventually, I felt Anna's pussy contract around my cock. I knew I could let myself go, I pushed hard into her, my cock pulsing as she drained me. Our climax, while subdued, was no less satisfactory. I pulled out of Anna, and tugged on my trunks, pulling them up to my waist. Anna turned to face me and we kissed. I lowered my hands, passing my fingers over Anna crotch. Even over her bikini bottoms, I could feel the warmness of her engorged lips. 

Anna and I made our way closer to shore then lingered in the shallows for a bit. We eventually made our way onto the sands and laid out till we were almost dried. We got dressed and caught a bite to eat at a nearby Cuban café. Anna and I sat on a sidewalk table having our lunch,

"So were your folks happy about you moving down here?" I asked.

"Yeah, they said they were really proud," Anna replied.

"What do you want to do tonight?"

"Oh I don't know, I'm kinda beat, quiet night in sounds about right," Anna offered.

I smiled guiltily at her,

"Sounds good to me. Oh I forgot to tell you, a couple of friends are going to a club tomorrow night, wanted to know if were in?" I asked.

"Sure thing, I just hope it doesn't end like the last time I went clubbing in Miami," Anna joked.

"Oh I don't know, I'd say that night turned out okay," I replied while sipping my water, then reaching over the table and taking Anna's hand in mine. When we were finished with lunch, Anna wanted to check out some of the stores, so we took a stroll up and down south beach. About an hour later, we were in my car heading home.

When we got home, Anna helped me with some holiday decorating and we set up my Christmas tree. We sat on my sofa, admiring our handiwork, staring at the beautifully decorated tree in the corner of the living room.

For the rest of the evening, I was busy on my laptop with work stuff while Anna lounged on the sofa watching television. When I was finally done, I looked over to Anna who had fallen asleep. I checked my watch and couldn't believe how late it was. I gently placed my hands under Anna's body, lifting her petite frame. Making the trek upstairs to my room, I set Anna down on the bed; she must have been beat, she was out cold. I took a quick shower and went to sleep. 

The next morning I received an unexpected call and was disappointed to learn I would have to go into work for about an hour. I left a sleeping Anna a note explaining my whereabouts, telling her I'd bring back lunch. There was a mini-crisis of sorts at work, but it was resolved fairly quickly. I left work with my mind at ease that I wouldn't have to come in for the rest of the week. Picking up some Chinese take-out, I made my way home. 

As I entered the house, I found Anna on her laptop in the living room. She looked up at me nervously and quickly closed whatever it was she was looking at. She set her laptop aside and following me into the kitchen. After lunch I made a call to my buddy, Jason, confirming we were on for the club tonight. As nightfall approached, Anna and I began to get ready to go out. I was sitting on the bed, lacing up my shoes when Anna walked in from the bathroom,

"So, what do you think?" she asked.

I looked up to her, she was staggeringly beautiful, a tiny black dress, held delicately on her shoulders by spaghetti straps. Her four inch heels on her black stilettos gave her additional height, and somehow, the positioning accented her gorgeous ass. She did a little twirl, the skirt of her dress teasingly flying in the air. The fact that the dress was backless and there was no sign of a bra didn't go unnoticed. The dark red lipstick she wore was the cherry on top in my opinion. I stood up and continued to stare, 

"Baby, you look amazing," was the only thing I could come up with. 

We hopped in the car, and headed to the club.

Once inside we greeted my friends. The room was bursting with people, we didn't really have a chance to converse, given the loud pulsing music, so we just had a drink then Anna pulled me to the dance floor. We weaved our way through the crowd till we were at the center of the dance floor. Anna turned and smiled at me as she began to sway her lithe body to the beat of the music, staring at me provocatively. I did my best to keep up with her almost expert dance moves. After several fast paced songs, Anna and I were lightly coated in perspiration. Hours passed like minutes, frequent trips to the bar ensuring an uninhibited feel to the night. A slow ballad was a welcome change and I pulled Anna near, placing my hand on her bare back. She rested her head against my chest, the aroma of her perfume filling my nostrils. I could feel Anna gently grinding herself against me. She seemed satisfied with the results as she lowered her hand briefly, gliding it across my quickly forming hardon. Anna returned her hands to my shoulders then looked up to me with a devious smile. I leaned in and kissed her soft lips. 

As the music turned to fast paced once again, Anna resumed swaying her hips. I lowered my hand from the small of her back to her ass, feeling the soft petite curve over the frilly material of her dress. I lowered my head, kissing her on her neck. When I positioned my fingers against Anna's pussy, she gasped and pulled my mouth to hers, caressing my tongue with hers. The place was so crowded, my fingering was perfectly disguised. I could feel my fingers being soaked by Anna, but was abruptly stopped as she placed a hand on my probing arm. She broke our kiss and began to lead me to the bar. I was confused as we maneuvered our way through the crowd, going past the bar to the darkened corner. When Anna pulled me into the men's bathroom, I was confused no more. We moved quickly, Anna pulling me into the last bathroom stall. I locked the stall behind me, then turned to my sweet. 

I urgently pressed Anna against the side wall and pushed our lips together. My hands roamed across her body, squeezing her breasts teasingly. It didn't take me long to lift up Anna's dress and to begin massaging her pussy through her sopping red satin panties. I pulled my mouth from Anna's and listened to her breathing intensify as I used my fingers to stroke against her swollen pussy lips in a circular motion.

"Please baby," Anna moaned.

I complied, pulling her panties to the side, and sliding two fingers into her warm vagina. I immediately targeted Anna's engorged clit with my thumb, simultaneously sliding my fingers in and out of her. Seconds later, I pulled my hand from Anna's pussy, just as crudely and abruptly as I had slid it in.

Anna groaned in disappointment,

"Ahh fuck, please don't stop."

I was quickly to my knees, pulling Anna's panties to her ankles and kissing my way up her thigh, licking her juices as they rolled down her flesh. Soon, my head was beneath her dress. I listened to Anna's delightful moans as I kissed her opening. I flicked my tongue back and forth across her slippery clitoris, and I felt her hands on my head, over her dress. I licked Anna's insides, sucking on her moisture and playing with her clit between my lips. Anna soon arched her back against the side of the stall, pressing her cunt firmly against my face. I heard her muffled shrieks as she squirmed her body, then felt her creamy cum trickle into my mouth. I continued licking every drop Anna's pussy offered till she became still. I felt her lift her dress and pull me to my feet. Still leaning against the stall, she looked spent, but she pulled me in and kissed me hard, then licked my lips, tasting her juices. 

I stared at Anna's glowing face and began to undo my belt buckle. Anna saw this and aided my efforts, pulling my jeans and boxers down around my thighs. Anna aggressively sat me down on the closed toilet lid, my cock throbbing and pointing straight up. I watched as she lifted her dress up around her waist, then, facing away from me, begin to hover her body over mines. In one motion, she pushed down and my cock entered her dripping cunt. We both gasped as Anna began moving up and down, every once in a while, remaining seated with my cock drilled deep inside her, squirming her body around. I knew I wasn't going to last very long when Anna rapidly increased her pace. I tried to hold back my moans but it was futile; Anna's tight pussy sliding up and down on me was immeasurable pleasure. With a final groan, I held onto Anna's waist and released myself inside her. Anna ceased her movements and leaned back against me as I held her. Our hot breaths filled the tiny stall as Anna finally lifted herself off my lap. I reached for some toilet paper and wiped the cum drooling down Anna's thigh. Anna pulled up her panties and I did the same with my boxers and jeans. We faced each other and attempted to straighten ourselves out, trying to look as acceptable as possible before we reentered the club. We both knew it would be obvious what just happened but still wanted to feel as if we were trying to hold on to some sort of dignity. 

I exited the stall first making sure the coast was clear. We made a B-line towards the bathroom exit, trying to look inconspicuous as we faded into the crowd. For the rest of the night, Anna and I couldn't help but blush every time we made eye contact. As 2am approached, we said goodbye to my friends and jumped in the car. The first five minutes of the drive home were complete silence. I finally broke that silence,

"So, that's twice now we've had public sex, pretty soon the bedroom will seem so boring," I joked. 

Anna held my free hand in hers, 

"I'll never be bored with you sweetie," she replied. 

I pulled into my driveway twenty minutes later and Anna and I headed straight upstairs. We showered and got dressed, me in boxers, and Anna in a t-shirt and panties. We laid in bed staring at the moonlit sky outside my window, Anna's head on my chest. 

"Babe. . .can I ask you something without freaking you out?" Anna abruptly asked.

"Of course Anna," I immediately replied.

There was a brief pause before Anna spoke again,

"Have you ever wanted. . . uhh Have you ever tried," Anna stammered before another pause.

I place my hand on her head and turned her to face me,

"Baby, nothing you can say will freak me out, I promise," I comforted.

I watched as Anna took a breath,

"Have you ever had anal sex?" she bluntly asked.

I looked at her, trying to hide my astonishment,

"Umm no baby, I haven't," I replied truthfully.

"Have you ever wanted to?"

"Well, it's not like the though never crossed my mind," I began to respond.

"I think I want to try it," Anna interrupted, "I want you to feel like my body belongs to you, in every way, because that's how I feel about you," she clarified.

I paused and thought for a moment about Anna's words,

"Baby, you know I would never ask you to do something you didn't want to, and you know I am happy with everything we have right now. I already feel like you're mines, you don't have to do something because you think I want you to or because you feel obligated," I clearly explained.

"No, I know you wouldn't ask me to do something I was uncomfortable with babe, but I kinda want to. Is it something you're willing to try?" Anna timidly asked.

"Well, if I'm being honest, then yes, but only if you're completely comfortable," I replied when Anna cut me off,

"I want to," she stated assertively, "I've been reading some, I dunno, I guess you could call them guides, or tips on the subject."

"Is that what you were doing when I came home this afternoon?" I asked.

"Yes," Anna confessed. 

Anna now moved her head from my chest to the pillow beside me, facing me,

"So, what did the guide say?" I inquired.

Anna smiled,

"Well, they suggested we took a shower or bath together before, just so we're both comfortable, you know, cleanliness wise,"

I watched as Anna blushed as she spoke the words.

"What else?"

Anna took a breath before she continued,

"Well the number one rule was lots of lube. It also said it might be best for beginners if l laid on my side, like I am now, not just jump straight into doggie." 

We both chuckled, before Anna continued,

"As far as penetration, take it slow, obviously. Start off with something small, a finger or tongue," Anna watched my face intently when she said "tongue", presumably looking for an adverse reaction. When there was none, she finished her sentence,

"till I'm accustom, then onto the show I guess."

"Wow, sounds like you've done your research," I commented, leading to Anna blushing again.

"So do you think I'm a freak?" she asked.

I wrapped my arms around her and kissed her,

"Of course not, infact I'm pretty sure this is normal for couples."

"So what do you think?" Anna asked.

"Well, I'm game if you are baby."

We both smiled as Anna snuggled up to me and we went to sleep.

The next morning, we both slept in, on account of the late night partying. We found our way to the kitchen around noon and had some leftovers from the day before. In the afternoon, we made a trip to the mall; Anna wanted to pick up a gift for my folks for when we went to their place for chirstmas dinner. I dropped her off and told her I'd meet up with her in a half an hour, then set off on a private mission of my own. 

About forty minutes later, I was strolling through the mall in search of Anna. I finally spotted her at the entrance of an electronics store. I snuck up behind her, slipping my hands around her waist. I giggled when she jumped, startled at my presence. When she turned and faced me, she jabbed me in the stomach with her elbow, then kissed me on the cheek. We made our way through the mall, hand in hand, admiring all the Christmas decorations. About an hour later, Anna finally found a suitable gift and we sat down at a starbucks for a drink, coffee for me, café mocha for her. We chatted and smiled as we watched all the kids playing in the nearby play area. Another hour later, we made our way to the parking lot. 
