 Part 4: The Sprint

Kristi halted her efforts, smiling at me as she leaned up out of my lap to see where we were, quickly recognizing her neighborhood.

"We're almost there," she offered. "Almost time for the next challenge," she added excitedly.

Kristi lived in an apartment on the second floor of a two-story building, and I planned on parking the car in the lot at the back of the complex. My initial suggestion to Kristi was that we just hop out of the car, run back to the trunk, retrieve our clothes, and dress as quickly as possible before someone might see us. Now I was having ideas of making this challenge a bit more difficult.

Depending on how close to the stairs we could find a parking spot, we had before us: an open parking lot to traverse, a flight of stairs to climb, and a short walk down an open second floor landing (that overlooked the community pool), before we would find our way to Kristi's apartment place. Now if we just quickly changed back into our clothes at the car after we parked, the chance of being seen was minimal, as only those who might be in the parking lot or coming down the stairs would have a chance of seeing us, and then only momentarily until we could quickly don our clothing. I surmised the cars speeding by on the street were of little concern.

However, if we attempted the whole distance au natural, with that much ground to cover it was certain we'd be seen by someone. The thought excited me, but we would have to hope her neighbors were cool or else we could find ourselves some trouble. I briefly weighed both options as we pulled into Kristi's parking lot. We both noticed there didn't appear to be anyone there amongst the cars. Kristi noted this with a sigh of relief.

"Looks like there's no one around at the moment. We may be in luck," she said. "We should be able to get our stuff out of the trunk and back on our bodies before anyone notices."

"But what if we want to be noticed?" I asked.

She looked at me incredulously. "It's one thing to be exposed in the privacy and safety of your own car," she started. "It is something different entirely to be so outside the place you live. I'm not sure if I can take that chance."

"I know it's a risk," I agreed, "but if we leave all our stuff in the car and just make a mad dash to your apartment, I think we'll be OK. We'll probably be briefly seen, but it will be over before you know it. And if we are quick, you might not even be recognized."

"Yeah, until I open the door to my apartment and we dive in buck-naked," she concluded.

I knew it was pretty risky, but it could be quite the turn-on too. I offered that suggestion to Kristi as well.

"Besides," I continued, "it's not like someone is going to call the police or anything. The worst that could happen is that you get some wisecrack remarks from your neighbors some day." I looked her over once before adding, "Plus, you said back at the store that you owed me one for getting naked first."

She pondered all this for a minute as we sat naked in her parking lot. Then, as if we were on some psychic plane together, she turned to me and we both said to one another, "Anything goes."

"OK, let's go for it," she added. "We need a kiss for good luck." She then leaned over to me, and slipping her hand behind my neck, pulled my mouth to hers and began a wonderfully soft, wet kiss, our tongues gently intertwined. My erection, which had subsided a bit in the last few moments, was now again gaining strength. I got lost in the kiss, and all the potential pleasures to come, but was brought back to reality as she slowly closed her mouth and pulled away from me, grabbed her house keys and said, "Let's go!"

By opening the car door, she startlingly bathed our naked bodies in the soft light of my car's dome lamp. Before I knew it, Kristi quickly hopped out of the car and slammed shut the passenger door, the light going dark. I watched her naked form dart around the car and move swiftly towards the stairs leading to her second-floor apartment. I decided I'd better get moving too or else I'd be left out there all by myself in no time. I also grabbed my keys, our bag of recently-purchased goodies, and jumped out of the car and quickly closed the door. As I ran after her, I instinctively clicked the car alarm button, not realizing the loud 'boop-boop' the alarm made when activated might clearly attract attention. Kristi looked back at me with a look that acknowledged just that danger. But she was already atop the stairs and turning the corner to her apartment. She momentarily paused, quickly looked back at me, and was then gone from my sight.

I just as quickly scaled the stairs and reached the corner she had just disappeared around. As Kristi had done, I paused to peek around the corner. Her apartment was maybe five doors down the landing, and I watched as her cute, naked ass was already passing door number three. There was no one else on the landing between myself and her apartment, though I noticed some movement on the ground level of the far end of the courtyard. There was clearly someone else out and about. I decided it was now or never, and promptly chased after Kristi down the landing to her apartment.

She had reached her apartment door, and with a quick glance in the direction of the movement I had seen at the far end of the complex, she inserted her key, and unlocked and opened the door. As expected, she was inside the apartment without delay. I did not expect what happened next. Kristi had darted inside and was waving me in from the safety of her apartment. However, when I was maybe 10 feet away from joining her, she abruptly slammed the door shut. And then...click!

The loud slamming of the door was surely heard by anyone outside, and possibly by anyone inside the adjacent units. Just as surely as I now heard Kristi's hysterical laughter from behind the locked door before me. I looked in the direction of the movement I had seen moments ago, and sure enough, a young couple was staring up at me from the courtyard below. Because of the angle, I was unsure of how much of me they could see, but by their expressions, it was clearly an eyeful. I didn't want to attract any additional attention, but I wanted in the apartment, so I banged once on the door with the back of my fist and quietly, yet forcefully said, "Open the door!"

I could still hear Kristi's laughter inside, so I knew she was still standing by the door. But then it got suddenly quiet, and I got worried. Thinking she may have disappeared into the back of her apartment, and standing their buck-naked outside her apartment door, I considered my options. Just as I was about to run back to parking lot and the relative safe cover of my car, I heard another click, and Kristi opened the door. I pushed my way past her, and still giggling her cute little naked ass off, she shut the door behind me.

Part 5: The Preparation

Out of breath, and still a bit miffed at being locked out naked, I deftly scooped Kristi up, and with a squeal from her, threw us both down onto her spacious couch. My naked body pressed firmly atop of hers.

"Thanks a lot," I said to her sarcastically as I looked into her sparkling green eyes. "I hope you enjoyed that!"

"Immensely," she replied with a beaming smile. "Did that couple downstairs see you?"

"I am pretty sure. I could see them, and the look on her face told me she could clearly see at least some of me!" I informed her. "Do you know them?"

"I think they live down at the end of my floor actually," she said.

"Great. Well at least it'll be you that will have to explain things should they ever ask any questions" I replied, squeezing her ticklish sides. This caused another squeal, not to mention a lot of squirming as well.

"It was your idea to get us noticed," she pointed out.

"So it was." I put both my hands on the sides of her head and leaned in to her for another kiss. This time the passion level was even higher, with our hearts pounding from both the run, and the thrill of the exposure we had both just experienced. The kiss was far more frantic, wetter, and faster than before. I changed sides twice as we kissed, our breathing increasing along with our heart rates. My cock was now completely aroused, gently nestled amongst Kristi's pubic hair, lightly grinding into her clit. I was a bit surprised at this, as in the past, after some initial reluctance she had usually maintained a well-groomed pussy, either nicely trimmed or completely smooth. But though there wasn't an inordinate amount, it was clear it had been allowed to grow-in naturally for some time. I let my hand drop down to it and rubbing my hand over it and her ever-moistening lips and asked, "What's this?"

"If you need to ask me that, we're going to have some problems tonight," she retorted sarcastically.

"Not your pussy, silly girl...the hair around it," I replied. "That's not like you."

"Guess I've been lazy," she answered. "And with no one else around to enjoy it, I guess I felt it wasn't worth the effort."

"Well I'm now here to enjoy it. Want me to help clean things up?" I offered helpfully.

She furrowed her brow and asked, "Right now?"

"Sure. We could jump in the shower together, clean things up. It could be great fun," I persuaded.

"Well I guess we could," she said, again furrowing her brow as if thinking. Then I saw the light bulb go off in her mind. "But I get to return the favor!" she added cheerfully.

Several years ago when we had first hooked up, Kristi had reluctantly allowed me to shave her pubic area completely smooth for the very first time. I went on and on about how hot she looked as I did it, and gave her some fantastic head once I was done to prove it. She certainly enjoyed the experience, but also claimed at the time to never have seen or been with a guy who was completely shaved himself, and begged me to do it for her. I promised I would some other time, but as things happened, I never got around to it. Now I was being asked to finally pay the piper.

"You want to shave me down there?" I asked her.

"Yes! And your chest too!" she added.

I had never even thought about shaving my chest before, but her suggestion intrigued me. As far as shaving my pubes, I had done it occasionally in the past, and wasn't completely against it. In fact, the thought of allowing Kristi to do it for me now was starting to turn me on. "OK, whatever you desire tonight, right?" I finally answered.

"Sweet!" she replied enthusiastically. "Come on."

She grabbed my hand and led me towards her bathroom as I admired her shapely naked ass from behind. We grabbed a couple of towels out of her linen closet, and Kristi also grabbed a couple of brand-new disposable razors and a can of shaving cream from her medicine cabinet. She set everything down on the counter and then leaned in to her shower to get the water turned on. 

Facing me again, she could see that the water was not the only thing turned on as clearly evidenced by the raging hard-on I was sporting before her. She reached one hand down to it, gently caressing it in her palm, and wrapping her other arm around my back, pulled me close to her naked body, pulling my chest into the erect nipples of her tits. This time it was she who initiated the kiss, leaning into my lips for a long sensual encounter. It was all I could do to keep from taking her right there and then. But I somehow managed to keep focused on the task at hand.

I separated from her and asked, "Is the water ready?"

She stuck her hand under the now steaming stream and replied, "Yup. Are you?"

"Ready if you are."

"Let's do it," she said, thoroughly enjoying her double entendre. She pulled back the shower curtain and climbed in under the water, leading me in as well with her hand. She looked so hot under the water, her naked body now completely glistening with hundreds of small droplets. I watched them run down over her shoulders and onto her breasts, some drops falling directly to the ground from the tips of her erect nipples, others continuing their path down her stomach and disappearing into the safety of her hair-covered mound. I thought there was no way my cock could get any harder, but after witnessing that scene it seemed to grow in both length and girth. With my glance lingering between her legs, I was reminded to grab one of the razors and the shaving cream and get to work.

I squirted a generous amount of the shaving cream into my hand, and slowly lowered it to her awaiting pussy. I gently massaged it in, spreading it liberally around her lips and clit, as well as all around the area to north of it. Kristi closed her eyes and leaned her head back into the water, letting out a very long sigh. She was clearly enjoying the application of the cream between her legs. After a few circles around her lips, I allowed myself to lightly penetrate her with a finger, letting it slide up and down the length of her aroused pussy. This brought on a strong inhale of air by Kristi, who was getting more and more turned on as I caressed her. At this point I decided I had teased enough, and it was time to get down to business.

I squatted down, and with her pussy just inches from my face, began slowly removing the hair that surrounded it with light, quick strokes of the razor. I made quick work of the hair above her pussy, small hunks of it washing off with each pass. In a matter of just a few minutes, I had removed every trace of the hair from the area around her mound. Now came the trickier and more sensitive parts around her clit and lips.

"Spread your legs for me a bit baby," I requested.

"Be careful down there," she gently warned with a smile as she complied with my request.

"But of course," I assured her. "I have the steady hands of a surgeon."

I now had the access to her more inner areas that I needed, and with one hand gently pulled back the aroused folds of skins to remove the hard to reach hairs hidden beneath. Her pussy was glistening with her own excitement, making the area slick and easily lubricated. With first a series of very careful strokes on one side, and then a few more on the other, her wonderfully aroused anatomy came more into view. In a few minutes more I had removed all traces of the pubic hair from Kristi's lovely pussy. After removing a few more wisps from the area just underneath it, my handiwork was done. "Step back into the water a bit further," I instructed her, rinsing away the remains of the shaving cream and cut hairs still clinging to her moist skin. She looked hot!

"Now that's much better," I said to her as I stood up and pulled her waist into mine. "Now you'll be able to feel everything," I added as I ran the backside of my erection against her clit and up and down between her moist lips.

"Mmm...I must admit, that does feel nice," she agreed. And with a glance downward added, "And it looks clean and neat too."

"Sure does. Clean as a whistle," I confirmed with a smile.

With a smile just as big she answered, "And so will you when I'm done with you. It's your turn now big boy."

I groaned with just a hint of hesitation. "OK, ok. Just be gentle with me," I asked.

"For now I'll be gentle. But I can't promise anything when we get out of the shower," she said with a wicked grin.

Without switching places, Kristi stepped back as far as she could and pulled me under the hot water. It felt good on my chest, stomach, and cock, and the gathering steam added a large measure of sensuality to the situation. Being shorter than both me and the shower head, Kristi was able to remain in front of me without getting in the way of the water. She grabbed the shaving cream now, and pushing me back out of the water lathered me up completely from my neck down to my balls. I thought it looked like I was wearing a shirt made of whipped cream, and quickly learned Kristi had the same thought. "A couple of cherries for your nipples and we'd have ourselves quite the sundae," she quipped.

"Ha, ha, very funny," I replied. "You better get started before this all washes away."

"You can't rush an artist," she argued, and began a series of slow, short strokes with her razor to the pectoral area of my chest. I am not a really hairy guy to begin with so it took but a modest effort for her to clean that area up. With several more careful strokes around my nipples, she was done with that part.

Rubbing her hand over my chest she said, "I've always loved the look of a smooth chest. And nothing goes with a smooth chest like a smooth stomach," she added with her mischievous smile.

"Glad you are enjoying this so much," I replied sarcastically.

"Hey, this was your idea. But you are right...it is damn fun!" she said laughing.

She continued down my chest, one hand gently resting on my stomach, her other quickly removing my "treasure trail" that led past my belly button and down to my cock. She had now removed everything to that point, and was ready to remove my pubes. She rinsed the razor and said, "Now the fun part!"

She took my rock-hard dick in her hand and gently moved it to one side. With the same skill and effort as I had exhibited minutes earlier, she quickly began removing the hair from around my cock. I looked down to seem the humorous view of having hair on one side, and none at all on the other. But Kristi soon remedied that situation by pulling aside my cock once again, and attacking the remaining hair I had left on the other side. In moments, I now had but the little bit of hair on my shaft and on my balls. She stroked her hands across my stomach area gathering up the remains of the shaving cream, and with some slow teasing strokes, lathered up my cock and balls for this final chore. She said nothing, but sitting on her heels as she kneeled before me, she looked up and smiled. As I smiled back down at her, without using her hands she suddenly raised her head up and took my cock into her mouth, and in one long motion slid it all the way into her mouth, her lips essentially kissing my newly shaved lower stomach. I groaned with delight as she just as quickly slid herself off of it. Sitting back down, she again smiled up at me, a small line of shaving cream across her top lip, and continued her work.

She carefully manipulated my cock, removing all the hairs from the sides and underside of my shaft. She then took my balls in her hand, and rolling them gently in the hand, began removing what I had there as well. She quickly finished up and again caressed her hand over the now-smooth area to check her handiwork. There was still a bit of hair below my balls on the area between and around my asshole. She spread out some of the shaving cream into this area and between my ass cheeks, allowing herself to press a finger gently against my asshole. She then began removing all this hair as well, continuing until she reached the top of my legs where she stopped and let out an audible 'hmm.'

"What?" I asked her.

"I have an idea," she answered. "Hold still."

I obeyed without question, and she began removing more and more hair from the top of legs in the area around my balls and asshole. Then she made two long strokes, a few inches down my leg and nowhere near my pubic region.

"Hey, hey. Where you headed there girl?" I asked.

"Well, I know having your chest and pubes shaved was not the biggest of deals for you," she started. "But I bet you've never considered shaving your legs. Now that's something I am sure would make you uncomfortable, and besides, it's something I'd like to see!" she concluded excitedly.

She was right. Never in my life had I ever imagined shaving my legs. Concealing a shaved pubic area was a piece of cake, but as we lived in a warm-weather climate where I always wore shorts, hiding shaved legs would not be so easy. I must admit that I wasn't really keen on the idea, but as I looked down at Kristi's excited face, I knew I was going to let her do it.
