 Part 7 – The Outfits

With both of still winding down from the pleasure of our intense orgasms, I looked into Kristi's beautifully flushed face and quizzically asked, "Dressed? I thought we were quite enjoying this nudity thing."

"Did you forget about the wonderfully sexy outfits you just bought me?" she reminded me.

"Ah, the lingerie," I now remembered. "It would indeed be hot to see you all dressed up again," I concluded.

"Not to mention seeing you jam that package of yours into the leather thong we got you," she added. "Well then, what are you waiting for? Go get our stuff!"

I had left the bag with our outfits out in the family room of Kristi's apartment, so I had to get up off the bed to go and retrieve them. As I did, Kristi took her hand and, SLAP! gave me a good smack on the ass.

"Ow!" I yelped. "What was that for?"

"I just wanted to see you jump," Kristi answered with a laugh.

"That's going to leave a red mark for sure," I replied. Kristi just looked up at me with a goofy smile.

I made my naked way out to the other room and grabbed the bag of sexy clothes, lotions, and toys we purchased earlier in the evening. Opening the bag with both hands I peeked in and saw not only the outfits, but the big fleshy dildo and strap-on harness as well. This caused me a little shudder of fear, though my cock twitched to life as well. I had always enjoyed a little finger play at the back door during sex, but was not sure if I was ready to take on the monster staring back up at me from that bag.

As I made my way back into the bedroom, I noticed Kristi had lit several candles in the room that now bathed her naked body in a romantic flickering light. She was sitting on the bed, her left heel tucked under her ass. Her face lit up as she saw me enter the room with the bag and said, "Come over here and sit next to me and let's see what we've got."

I sat down next to her and opened the bag with both hands, much as I had just done out in the living room. She reached into the bag and first pulled out the white lace-up corset and white g-string panties. Looking at it with a furrowed brow, Kristi seemed to be considering the garment. "Sexy...very 18th century," she finally added with a smile.

Next she reached in and pulled out the leather thong. Spinning it around on her index finger, she called out, "Woo hoo! You need to put this thing on NOW!"

"Really? You really want to see me in this?" I questioned, knowing that I was only delaying the inevitable.

"Squeeze that clean, smooth package of yours into it pronto mister," she commanded.

I stood up and playfully grabbed the thing from her. I yanked off the price tag and stepped into it, pulling it up over my cock and balls. It was very tight, and form-fitting, yet surprisingly comfortable. The look on my face must have portrayed my thoughts as Kristi said, "See, it's pretty comfortable, don't you think? Having that thin piece of material up your butt crack is actually pretty stimulating," she offered with a smile.

She was right, though my cock and balls were obscenely accentuated and enhanced by the garment. With that thought in my head I answered, "True. Though it is not exactly appropriate attire for a group sleep-over."

"It depends on who's in the group," Kristi devilishly replied. "Regardless, it is completely appropriate for tonight," she added in sexy voice.

"So what are you going to wear?" I asked, changing the subject. 

She reached back into the bag and pulled out the purple corset and garter set. Holding it up in one hand and the white corset in her other, she looked at both and then turned to me. "What do you think?" she asked.

Both were extremely sexy, and though she currently sat before me completely naked, the thought of her dressing up in one of them started to arouse some movement in the front of my tightly snug g-string. I really would have been more than pleased to see her in either outfit, but the corset held some intrigue for me. "How about the corset," I offered, "I'll even help you get into it," I added helpfully.

"You know what," she replied, "I agree. I even have the perfect shoes to go with them!"

"Sweet!"

She stood up and pulling off the tags on the garments began to dress. She first pulled on the white g-string. Seeing her standing there topless in nothing but the small white garment was unreal – she looked so good! Noticing my admiration of her she joked, "We're quite the pair in our g-strings, aren't we?"

"Two of a kind," I replied as suavely as I could.

She then grabbed the corset and slipped it over her front. Pulling it as taught as she could, she turned her back towards me. "OK, now I need your help. Cinch me up. But be gentle," she added.

"Of course," I assured her. "Just let me know if it gets too tight or uncomfortable."

"Will do. But I'm a tough broad, so don't worry too much," she said with a sly grin.

I began tugging and tightening the strings through each loop hole in the back of the garment, slowly but surely forming up Kristi's torso. At one point I gave a good tug and she let out a mild grunt. "You OK?" I asked.

"Fine. It's just not everyday you transfer your body into the shape of an hourglass," she replied, quickly adding, "Keep going. You're almost there."

This is exchange highlighted one of the reasons I think I wanted to see her in this outfit. I am really not into the whole S&M or bondage scene, but the idea that this garment was binding Kristi and causing her some mild discomfort was erotic to me. Sort of like when I've worn cock rings that constrict the growth of your erection, and make everything feel much more sensitive.

It was with these thoughts going through my head as I finished up the final loops of the corset and began to tie her off. "Just a regular knot like I'm tying my shoes?" I asked her.

"That should work," she answered. "Maybe a double knot if you've still got a lot of slack."

I tied off the knot and announced, "All done!"

She turned around and faced me again, and my, what a sight. Her full 36B breasts looked a whole cup size larger, enhanced and lifted in the garment. Her waist looked tiny, all cinched up by the constricting laces, and her entire torso looked like the perfect hourglass. I looked her over and whistled. "Wow, you look amazing," I offered.

The mild look of apprehension hanging on Kristi's face quickly melted into a large warm smile. I am sure she knew how hot she looked, but like any woman, confirmation of that fact was reassuring. 

"Almost there. Now the shoes," she said. "Turn around," she instructed me as she made her way to her clothes closet.

As she rummaged through a few shoe boxes, I couldn't imagine anything enhancing the outfit much further. I snuck a peek over at her ass while she was bent over fussing with the shoes she finally found. Her cute round ass cheeks obscenely bisected by the tiny white fabric of the g-string. Right then I decided we had made a good purchase.

"OK, all set," Kristi announced. "I had to buy these for a wedding a few years ago, and at the time I thought 4" heels were just a tad slutty for a bridesmaid, but I think they complement this outfit perfectly!"

She turned towards me and struck a very sexy pose, her leg muscles now well-defined by standing in the white 4" heels, and a hand on her cinched-up hip. She looked like she walked right out of a Frederick's of Hollywood catalogue. My cock was straining to grow in its little leather pouch.

"You could be a lingerie model," I said.

"Sure, the first 5'5" lingerie model on the planet," she joked, doing a little spin and walking across the room in front of me.

"Well we could pretend," I offered.

"What do you have in mind?" she asked quizzically.

"I think I need to take some pictures of you all dolled up like that. What do you say?"

I could tell she was both excited and concerned at the same time. "Well even though I look damned hot, I still wouldn't want pictures of me like this floating around," she replied. "But if you agree to leave them on my camera just for me, then why not? It's over there on the desk next to my computer," she said gesturing across the room.

I wasted no time hopping up and walking over to her desk where I found her digital camera connected to her computer. Found in our current situation, this raised my eyebrow. "Uploading some interesting photos to your hard drive?" I asked sarcastically.

She noticed the camera was still connected to the computer, and slyly smiling back at me answered, "It's amazing what guys will do for you in exchange for certain types of pics."

"And you're worried about people seeing you dressed like that?" I retorted. Making a mental note, I let it go at that as I presently had more important concerns to address. Namely, getting Kristi photographed in as many sexy poses as I could manage. 

"Give me that one with your hand on your cocked hip again," I asked her. "That one was a good start."

She did as I requested and then proceeded to honor all of my requests for poses. She bent forward for nice shots of her cleavage; bent away from me for great shots of her ass; let me get close-ups of the outfit's shaping effects on her waist and breasts; and gave me sexy, pensive shots of her face under tousled hair. I could tell she was enjoying this immensely, at first in an entertaining way that would make her giggle, but now in a more serious way that was clearly turning her on. After ten to fifteen minutes or so, I finally put the camera down.

"Some of these are awesome," I said to her as I scrolled through the images.

"Just some?" she shot back playfully.

"Well of course they're ALL hot, just some get me harder faster than others," I said trying to dig myself out of the hole. "Come see."

Kristi took a seat next to me on the bed, and leaning her head on to my shoulder, looked down at the LCD screen which was filling with the images of her that I just took. "You look great. How does it make me feel seeing yourself in a photo like that," I asked.

"It was great fun to pose for them," she started. "But the more you took the more of a turn-on it became to pose for you. And now seeing them on the screen, well, let's just say these panties are going to be drenched unless I take them off soon."

"So take them off," I suggested. "Here let me help," I offered.

Getting down on one knee in front of her, my head eye-level with the bottom of her corset, I reach up and took one side of her g-string in each of my hands. Looking down at me from her seated position on the bed, Kristi gently lifted her ass up off the bed just a bit so that I could gently pull the panties off her hips, slowly sliding them off of her and down her legs. As I pulled them down past her thighs and knees, I looked up at the lips of her pussy which I noticed had settled in nicely next to one another. Clearly visible from her barely-separated lips was a liberal amount of moisture - she hadn't been kidding. Finally sliding the panties off over her feet I looked up at her and said, "Hand me the camera."

I knew when I saw her cleanly shaven pussy glistening before me that I had to take some pictures of it. Kristi immediately understood and apparently welcomed my plan, for as she handed me the camera, she parted her legs ever so slightly to give me a better view. In doing so, the swollen lips of her wet pussy pulled apart a bit further too and I witnessed something I had never seen before.

In all the porn I had ever read, I always assumed as just a cliché the claim that a woman could get so hot that her own juices would run down her legs. While I had experienced plenty of women getting wonderfully wet when sufficiently aroused, I had never seen one actually drip or flow. But I swear as I moved in to take a picture of this beautiful sight before me, I pool of moisture forming at the bottom of Kristi's opening began to slowly ooze out and run down her inner thigh. It was the hottest, most incredible thing I had ever witnessed. And of course I properly captured it with the camera.

After snapping a few pictures I said to her, "Wow, you are SO aroused."

With a hungry look on her face she looked down at me and replied, "I need you inside me now. Get up here," she added offering me her hand.

I took it and pulled myself off the floor and stood before her. She put her hands on my waist and quickly yanked the leather thong down my legs. I helped her pull it down and stepped out of it.

"Lay down on the bed," Kristi instructed.

I eased into bed next to her and lied down on my back. Kristi got up on her knees and facing me, straddled my body. She then took my fully erect cock in her hands and pulled it up toward her so the head was pointing to the ceiling. Holding it place, she carefully lowered herself down on to me, enveloping my cock with her hot, wet pussy. She was so wet and slick she easily slid all the way down to the bottom of my shaft, letting out a soft, needy sigh as I watched my dick disappear inside her. She looked so hot in her corset, and it felt so good to be inside her, I was in heaven.

She then leaned forward, and placing both hands on my shoulders, began to slowly gyrate her hips in such a way that my cock was sliding in and out of her, up and down her slit, and grinding on her clit all in subsequent strokes. Again I could feel her grabbing me with the muscles of her pussy. Between that and the gyrating motion, it was like she was jerking me off with her pussy. It felt so good, almost too good, and after a few minutes of this, I thought I should warn her so.

"You feel so amazing, but you better ease up or I going to explode inside of you," I warned.

"Don't you cum inside me yet," she warned back. "Sit still."

Kristi then leaned up again and into her original position, my cock still buried inside her. She pulled off of me just a bit, and placing her hand at the base of my cock began stroking us both at the same time with her fingers. She'd start at the bottom, and brush three fingers up my shaft to the point where I entered her, up through her wet slit, around the top of her clit, and back down again. She did this slowly at first, but then began to pick up the pace. It felt great, but since I was only setting stimulation at the base of my cock, and she was frantically rubbing her clit with this motion, Kristi was clearly the bigger beneficiary of this mutual masturbation.

She closed her eyes and tilted her head back a bit while continuing to frantically masturbate with my dick inside her. Her breathing became shorter and I could tell she was close to another orgasm. She now began to let out some regular moans with each stroke, mixing sharp exhales with animalistic, "oh's!" Not fifteen seconds later she tensed her entire body, and while still stroking us, achieved her climax. Since I was not really moving, yet still deep inside her, I could feel her pussy spasm, and release even more moisture if that was possible. I looked down at my cock and could see a mixture of clear and white fluid begin oozing out of her and down my shaft.

She now stopped stroking and instead began to slowly rock on me, finally leaning forward and collapsing on my chest. Her breath was short and quick, possibly due to the extra constriction of the corset. "You OK?" I asked her.

"Wonderful," she replied. "Though I may need out of this thing soon, I'm sweating like crazy!"

"You're the one who wanted to play dress up," I reminded.

"Yeah, well I think play time may be over for now," she answered still trying to catch her breath. We lay like that for some time, both of us nodding off for a half hour or so. 

Part 8 – The Offer

When I awoke, Kristi had her head tucked under my chin, her warm breath on my chest, the floral scent of her shampoo in my nose. We had such a wonderful time to this point, I wasn't sure where we'd go from here or what was next. Would we just sleep the rest of the night away in each other's arms? Or would there be more hot, playful, sexual fun to be had? It was difficult to imagine anything topping the evening's activities so far.

Kristi must have sensed me awakening and began stirring herself. She lifted her head off my chest and looking up at me said, "Hi there," in a wonderfully scratchy and sexy voice.

"I HAVE to get out of this thing," she said of her corset as she rolled off of me. "It's sexy and all, but it's certainly no sleepwear!"

"Not ready to trade in your nightgown for it, huh?" I asked chuckling.

"I sleep in the nude, so certainly not," she answered devilishly.

"Oh you minx," I teased. "Sit up and I'll help you out of it," I offered.

"OK, thanks," she replied as we both sat up on the bed.

As I began to untie and loosen the laces in her corset, the pressure on her torso released and she let out a long sigh adding, "WHEW! Thank you!"

"That better?" I asked as she removed the loosened garment from her body.

"Much!" she answered thankfully. "Look at all these marks!"

She was referring to the many places on her nude form where the corset had been confining her torso. There were some very clear indentions and lines from the seams and tight materials in the garment. It was kind of cute and sexy at the same time.

"They'll be gone before you know it," I assured her.

"Battle wounds, I guess," she joked with a smile. "Want something to drink?"

"Sure."

She hopped off the bed with a renewed energy and made for the door of her bedroom. As she passed through it I happily watched the tight jiggle and sway of her cute little ass. As nice as this backside view was on her way out, the front side of her on the way back in was even better. The sight of her walking into the room nude holding two bottles of water, with her smoothly shaved pussy and breasts jiggling slightly with each step was enough to get me aroused again, and my cock began to quickly grow as I lay there completely exposed to her.

Without immediately noticing my emerging erection, she sat down next to me and handed me the water. "Here you go stud," she teased. "I wouldn't want you to become dehydrated, because I'm not done with you yet," she added with a sexy wink.

It looked like I had my answer about whether or not the night held anything further in store for us. "Oh? What did you have in mind?" I asked.

Reaching over to the bag of "goodies" with a smile a mile wide, Kristi made a big show about lifting it high in the air and letting the remaining items drop out. Laying there on the bed before us were a big fleshly dildo, a strap-on harness, and a big bottle of lube. I think my 'gulp' was audible to us both.

But not only did this "equipment" fall out, a small business card dropped out as well, gently coming to rest next to my hand. As I picked it up Kristi asked, "What's that?"

I looked at it and replied, "It's a business card from the sex store. They must throw them in with everyone's purchase."

"But there's handwriting on the back," she pointed out. "What's it say?"

Flipping over the card, I read the handwritten message aloud:

"Off at 10:30. Call me if 'anything goes'. ♥ Charlotte"

Kristi and I just looked at each other for a second with blank faces. "What do you think THAT means?" I finally asked.

"Well obviously it sounds as if she'd like to be part of 'anything'," she replied answering my dumb question.

"You mean like a threesome?" I asked somewhat hopefully.

"Duh," was all I got back from her.

I waited a minute before asking the big question Kristi knew was coming. "So what do you think about that? Want to take her up on her offer? She seemed like a fun gal."

Kristi now looked very at me with a very serious expression on her face. I could tell she was pondering the idea and considering all the ramifications. I would have loved for her to agree to the idea, but I couldn't imagine she would. Would she? She finally spoke up.
