 It’s hot and muggy, and I’m tired. 

All I want is a cool shower and a nap. I stand under the spray a long time, gradually feeling my skin cool. 

I run soapy hands over my big belly and large breasts. I love the feeling. I used to hate this body for it’s unrelenting curves. Used to lie awake at night praying for a flat stomach and tight hard ass.

Until I met you.

Until you taught me that it’s my body that turns you on. Not some supermodel.

I feel the usual tingling in my nipples, and between my thick strong thighs as I drag the washcloth lazily over my body. This is nothing new. Showers always leaving me feeling vaguely horny…sometimes very horny. 

I step out of the shower and stand wet for a moment considering my options. I can nap, or I can go into the kitchen and straddle you where you sit, reading the paper. The idea hardens my nipples, but it seems like too much work. I throw a towel down on the bed and throw myself, belly down, onto it. I love letting the air dry my skin while I nap.

I drift into a light doze only to be startled awake by a soft slap to my bare ass. I’m too tired to rise so I mumble something and you laugh. Grabbing my ankles you drag me the bottom of the bed so my legs hang over the edge and my ass is right there, within easy reach.

My big round ass, that you can’t seem to get enough of.

I know what you have in mind…

“Too tired,” I mumble, even though I can tell my pussy is dampening already. I can already smell that familiar musky smell, so I know you can too. You know I am not really telling you to leave me alone.

“I’ll do the work,” you laugh again, running your hands over my ass. You reach for the pillow, the big throw pillow that has worked so well for this before. I muster enough energy to help you slip it under my belly, raising me to a comfortable position…a position that puts you in control, puts you in deep…makes me cum, every time. 

You reach for the vanilla body lotion I keep by the bed and I feel your hands on my back, smell the wonderful relaxing aroma…I wonder how it’s possible to feel so drowsy and so excited at the same time.

You work the lotion down my back, over the soft sides of my full breasts and down over my ass until suddenly I feel your fingers, spreading me, sliding in easy. I moan with appreciation. You turn your fingers, searching for the soft spongy spot inside that you know so well. You have a talent for hitting it just right.

I feel the shock of pleasure spread through me and hear your voice as if from a distance.

“Ahhh, right there, huh, baby…there it is…” You’re so proud of yourself when you make me weak like this. You stroke it gently, working it until it becomes a sweet ache.

I mumble into the pillow beneath my head…I’m so close I could just let it happen…

But the one thing that feels better than your fingers in my hungry pussy is your hard, thick cock…

You can tell I’m close…that quickly…”Want to cum this way, angel?” you ask, leaning over and licking the back of my neck…

I want to say wait…I want you to fuck me…but when you kiss my neck like that I go off…I can feel my pussy clutching your fingers, dousing them with my juices. I moan into the pillow, spiral off and then back down, slowly while your fingers keep up the soft stroking, your mouth still working my neck.

You love that I cum so easily when you touch me…almost as much as I do.

You stay there, deep inside me, letting me come down completely, letting me enjoy the soft pulsing of my satisfied pussy. Enjoying it yourself.

You pull your fingers slowly out, and I feel your affectionate kisses down my spine. I want to turn and look at you but I am too comfortable.

“I wanted you inside me…I couldn’t wait…” I tell you, pouting. 

I hear your laughter, buried in the skin at the base of my spine…

“Not a problem…” you say, moving away and hustling out of your clothes.

“I’m not moving…” I tease you, wiggling my large ass for affect. “I’m too tired.”

You slap my ass again and then I feel your hard cock sliding between the crack of my ass, I feel you bathing yourself in the wetness of my recent orgasm and I moan…I don’t know If I’ve got another one in me, but I don’t care. I just want that wonderful nasty cock inside me, fucking me, stroking me…filling me with you. “What do you want, angel?” you tease, making me say it.

“I want you to fuck me…” I tell you.

“Turn over then,” you tell me, that tone in your voice telling me you are going to push me hard this time…push me to say the words you want to hear…

I drag the words out “No, I want you to…fuck me…this way…”

“You do?” you ask. No mercy. 

I take a deep breath, I can feel your balls against my wet pussy as you stroke the crack of my ass, feel it twitching so I know how close you are yourself. You’ll wait though, damn you. Just to make me say it.

“Yes, fuck my cunt with your big cock!” I say…surprising myself. 

You groan, shift, and with a good deep thrust you drive home, so easy because I am so wet for you.

“Like that baby? Like it?” you ask, your voice so hoarse I know a squeeze of my pussy will send you over. I’m tempted to close around you, grab you tight.

Why rush?

“Yes, yes, yes,” I chant, surprised to feel an orgasm build so quickly after that last one. It’s a slow build but if you can keep it up I know it’ll happen…

“Slow baby…slow…” I groan…hoping I can get there before you can’t hold back anymore…

Your groan is accompanied with a slight laugh. It’s torture for you to slow down, Your balls are twitching, gathering themselves for the explosion…

Banging against the soft generous cushion of my ass always brings you to the edge so quickly…I love the sound of your balls as they smack the wet skin of my pussy, as they try to get inside me where your cock is driving hard.

”Oh shit…” you moan, trying hard to hold off. Wanting so much to give me even more pleasure.

“Please baby…” I hear myself beg. 

“You wanna cum, angel…right now baby?” Your hand creeps beneath me, brushes close to my clit…

“Yes baby, please, make me cum now…” The words are almost enough to do us both in. Your fingers go straight to my hard swollen clit, rubbing in that wonderful circular motion that always sends me flying.

“C’mon c’mon, c’mon…” you chant in rhythm to your hand and your hard cock thrusting deep into my tight pussy.

I let it happen, the waves of pleasure drowning out your voice…I feel you ramming hard and fast now, hitting my g-spot with your swollen purple head. 

It’s almost too much, your hand and your cock…both orgasms colliding, your body slamming into me. You let out a groan and I feel you shoot your load, filling me with your cum.

I scream your name, a mass of nerve-endings and exquisite pleasure…

You stop, buried deep, your cock in a stranglehold as my pussy grasps around it greedily.

It’s a long time before we can move. I’m raw and exhausted…

And drained.

“Way to go, angel!” you sigh, as I roll off the pillow and take you into my arms for a hug.

“Way to go, stud,” I answer….”now for that nap…”