 I opened my eyes and looked at the clock on the nightstand – it read 4:03 AM. It was a warm night and the bedroom windows were open, the curtains billowing lightly in the breeze, soft moonlight illuminating the room. There was a stirring in the bed beside me. She leaned over me, her naked breasts brushing my bare chest, and placed her lips on mine. She was pushing some kind of tablet into my mouth. It tasted like mint. 

"Good morning, lover," she whispered, "It's only a breath mint. You can't be too careful, you know." 

She smiled.

I rolled the mint around in my mouth. I pulled her head toward me and kissed her, our tongues intertwining as we passed the mint back and forth between us. 

"I understand," I said, smiling back. I felt her climb on top of me, reach down to grab my dick, and then slip a condom over it. She said, "What do you think? Feel like having some more fun??" I had a feeling that this was going to be the beginning of a really good day. 

She rubbed the tip of my dick around the lips of her pussy a little and then slowly lowered herself down, settling her weight on me. She let out a soft moan. 

"You know, I really had a lot of fun last night," she said. She started to move up and down slowly, grinding her pelvis into mine, her tight pussy just squeezing even tighter against my throbbing dick. We kissed again.

Last night she had been tending bar at D.B.'s Bar and Grill, a mysterious-looking brunette with a wonderful figure and soulful eyes. I asked her what time she got off and she had smiled playfully and said, well, that would depend on me. Needless to say, we hit it off pretty well and I spent the entire night chatting her up at the bar. After the place closed I followed her home and when we got inside, she wheeled around, pushed me up against the door, closing it, and quickly yanked my pants down around my ankles; then she proceeded to give me the best blowjob I'd ever had. The evening only got better from there.

"Me too, I'm glad I finally struck up the nerve to talk to you," I said.

We didn't say too much after that, grunting and moaning being our only form of communication for the moment. We settled into a slow and steady rhythm, picking up speed occasionally and then sliding back into a wonderfully slow groove. I could just make out the details of her lovely body in the moonlight, her slender waist and firm, full breasts, the large nipples erect. I reached up, palming her tits and tweaking the nipples with my thumbs. She raised her arms above her head, pulling her long, dark hair up in a pile, as she closed her eyes and concentrated on my dick sliding in and out of her wet pussy. Her tits jiggled softly with the force of her movements and pretty soon it seemed like we were both approaching the ecstasy of orgasm, when she stopped abruptly and said, "What was that?"

I paused and was about to say that I hadn't heard anything, just keep fucking, when she put her hand to my lips and said, "Shh, wait."

I listened intently for a few more seconds and then I heard it: the unmistakable sound of a door closing somewhere downstairs. She moved her hand away from my mouth.

"I thought you said your husband was out of town," I hissed. 

"He is... or was. Evidently he came back early and didn't bother to tell me," she said. 

"He probably thinks I'm cheating on him and is trying to catch me in the act," she added.

"Well, you are and he is about to," I said, an edge of panic in my voice.

"Shh."

She looked over her shoulder at the bedroom door, seemingly waiting for something. Then she turned back around and looked down at me, brushing her hair away from her eyes and smiling, sensing my anxiety. 

"Relax," she whispered, "I know him. He'll go to the bathroom first. We have time. Just wait."

She sat there on top of me – both of us breathing heavily, my dick still shoved way up inside of her – for what seemed like an eternity and I was about to say fuck it, jump out of bed, grab my clothes (wherever I had carelessly tossed them last night), and jump out the nearest window, when I heard a door close somewhere nearby and then the sound of an exhaust fan running. 

"See, he'll be in there for a while. It must have been a long trip," she said. She leaned down and kissed me, adding, "I'd say we have at least ten minutes, maybe more."

So, what the hell, we continued fucking. It was hard to say no when my dick was buried deep in her pussy. And for some reason it was more exciting now; perhaps, perversely, because of the possibility we would get caught. 

She came at least once while she was jumping up and down on top of me, at times her ecstatic moans becoming worrisome. I kept expecting the bathroom door to fly open at those moments and see her angry husband glowering at us from the doorway with murder in his eyes and a wad of toilet paper in his hand. I rolled her over then and fucked her missionary style, mostly so that when she got too loud I could lean down and shove my tongue in her mouth to shut her up.

After a few minutes passed she came again (man, she had a hair-trigger pussy) and then, before I could do anything, she immediately pushed me aside and scurried around me to the end of the bed. She was on all fours facing the dresser against the far wall, shaking her ass at me as she looked around and said, "Now fuck me from behind. Hard."

I couldn't get to her fast enough. I rushed over with my stiff cock in my hand and shoved it into her, her pussy so welcoming I nearly blew my load inside of her right then. We picked up where we had left off, humping like mad. I grabbed the firm flesh of her ass, slid my arms up along her waist and cupped her breasts, as I fucked her just like she had asked: hard. We were going at it faster and faster, her hair swinging back and forth and droplets of perspiration forming on our naked bodies, both of us grunting with the pleasantness of the effort, when the bathroom door quietly swung open throwing a rectangle of light on the floor at the foot of the bed.

We both froze and I swear that my life flashed before my eyes. I knew we were doomed and waited breathlessly for the screaming and the yelling to begin. Now, I don't know how her husband didn't hear our grunting and moaning or the fevered squeaking of the mattress or the knocking of the headboard against the wall – perhaps because the sound of the exhaust fan coming from the bathroom muffled the noises we were making, I'll never know – but all he did was simply shuffle slowly, almost zombie-like, into the bedroom on his way to the dresser, rubbing his eyes with his fists and yawning. He trudged over to the dresser that was facing the bed, pulled open a drawer, grabbed some socks or underwear or something, closed the drawer and made the (thankfully) short journey back to the bathroom, still rubbing his eyes and yawning the entire way, the wad of socks or underwear or whatever it was still clutched tightly in his fist. When he reached the bathroom, he closed the door behind him and, a few seconds later, flushed the toilet. Then the shower started. 

"I can't believe it, he didn't even look over at us," I said, my dick still buried in her pussy.

"Now he's taking a shower, we probably have another ten minutes or so."

"Maybe I should just go ..."

"Oh, fuck no, you're not going anywhere just yet," she said, spinning her head around to look at me. "Don't go soft on me now," she added, smiling mischievously, "just keep on fucking me, mister."

What could I do? Even though it had been a close call and sticking around for any length of time after that incident with her husband would be an extremely stupid thing to do, I felt emboldened by our luck and so, predictably, I continued to fuck her.

It didn't quite take ten minutes, but when she came, she came hard. I pulled out, yanking the condom off my dick, and shot my sperm all over her bare back as I reached down and massaged her pussy with my free hand. When I was finished soaking her I got up off the bed and stood looking down at her, trying to catch my breath, clutching my still-hard cock in my hand.

"Oh baby, that was so good," she said, as she lay down on her side at the end of the bed and smiled dreamily up at me. If she were a cat, I believe she'd have been purring.

"Thanks, you were fantastic. I think I ought to go now, though," I said, as I began the careful search for my clothes.

She slowly got up from the bed and headed toward the bathroom door, pausing to look over at me. She smiled again and said, "Okay, I'll call you when hubby's out of town again. Sound good?"

But she didn't wait for a reply. She opened the bathroom door and walked inside. I heard the sound of her voice saying, "Morning, honey. Mind washing my back for me??"

I quickly found my clothes and put them on, rushed downstairs, and got the hell out of there.

*  *  *

She slid into bed next to me, naked, and slowly ran her hand down my chest and over my stomach, stopping when her hand encountered my dick. She began stroking my morning woody tenderly.

"Good morning," she said. "Just getting in?"

It seemed like I had just closed my eyes. I had gotten back to the apartment around six o'clock this morning, brushed my teeth and taken a shower and crawled into bed to get some sleep before I had to get up again to go to work. I had slept only fitfully when I heard her come in the front door and then, moments later, slip into the bedroom, out of her dress, and into bed. I looked at my watch – 7:14 AM. 

"About an hour ago," I said, "I don't have long, though. I have to be to work by ten."

"That's okay. What I have in mind will only take maybe ... half an hour or so," she said. She giggled lightly and smiled, still pumping away at my cock. Her laugh was somewhat endearing coming from a woman approaching forty – my age – almost girlish in its way.

"Mmmm, that feels good," I said, smiling and settling myself into the pillow. After a moment I said, "Don't take this the wrong way, okay? – I'm really glad to see you – but ... I don't seem to remember giving you a key to my apartment." 

Her hand stopped jerking my dick. Her smile dimmed perceptibly and she half closed her eyes, giving me a level stare, like, are you serious? She was the landlord's wife and had access to the keys to all the apartments. That was how she had gotten in. We had been fuck-buddies for a while now, ever since I moved in last summer and had seen her lying out by the swimming pool in a really skimpy aqua blue bikini and beckoning me with her bedroom eyes. But she had never just let herself into my apartment before, and it was a little unsettling. Maybe it was time to move.

"Are you complaining?" she said, the hand around my dick resuming its pumping motion, although she seemed to be doing it harder than before, with an almost subtle violence. "I can stop if you want", she said. But she didn't, she kept on going, which, I might add, I didn't mind in the least. And she was definitely doing it harder now.

"No, don't stop," I said and smiled. I pulled her to me and we kissed, her hand still working my cock. "I've been waiting for you. I just figured you'd knock, that's all. It's no big deal. Forget it, okay?"

She seemed to accept that and her smile slowly returned. We kissed again. She gently pushed away from me and pulled the covers back, eyeing my cock greedily, and moved into position between my legs. She closed her eyes and started sucking me off, a little timidly at first but then really getting into it, making slight slurping sounds and humming lightly.

I continued to look at her, studying her features in the early morning light seeping in through the blinds as she bobbed her head up and down on my dick. She was a very attractive woman, slender but curvy, with big, full breasts that were great for grabbing by the handful and massaging. But her face – there was nothing at all wrong with it, you understand, she was absolutely gorgeous – but there was something about her face ... looking down at her, I was suddenly struck by the realization that she looked a lot like her daughter.

I had met her daughter a few days ago, in the front lobby by the mailboxes, just leaning up against the wall, fooling with her phone in one hand and rolling her tongue around a lollipop – honest to God, a fucking lollipop – in the other. That must have been what made me think of her: her mom sucking on my dick like it was a tasty lollipop. This girl, her daughter, looked to be about twenty – well, at least eighteen (I hoped) – and could be a model, easy, wearing a skintight bikini that barely covered her curves. The same aqua blue bikini that her mom had worn, it looked like. She had kept staring at me as I opened the box and got my mail. I said hi to her and smiled, she smiled and said hi, and then she had introduced herself to me, saying her name was ... what did she say her name was again? Shit. It was... it was ...

"Ohh ... Lori," I said out loud.

My fuck-buddy, this girl's mom, stopped in mid lunge and slowly raised her eyes up to meet mine, wrinkling her forehead. It was sort of funny, in a way: she was just calmly looking at me like she had something to say, but my cock was all the way deep in her mouth, Christ, her throat, it felt like, so she was finding it a little inconvenient to say anything at the moment. She slowly drew her head back then, away from me, sliding her lips along my dick – her eyes locked with mine the whole time – her tongue flicking the tender flesh at the tip as she removed my cock from her mouth and said quizzically, "What was that?"

She kept hold of my dick and began pumping it again, wiping her mouth with her free hand and still looking at me, waiting for an answer and it better be good.

Think stupid. 

"Ummm ... I said – uhhh ... Oh, Lor ... dy ... that feels good." 

What the fuck?? Where did that come from?

There was a pause.

"'Lordy that feels good'??" she said, looking at me like she wasn't sure what to make of that. I wasn't sure either. She paused again, considering, still yanking hard on my cock. A small smile appeared on her lips then and she said, playfully, "Don't be weird. I thought you said something else." And that seemed to be the end of it. She put her lips around my cock again and started sucking away.

But I kept thinking about her daughter. She had asked me if she could come up to my apartment for a glass of water or something, pausing before the 'or something' part and looking at me the same way her mother had looked at me when I first met her at the pool last summer – and ended up in bed with her that night. 

Her body was like her mother's, a nice figure with really great breasts, the aqua blue bikini riding up into her beautiful ass, a nice bronze tone to her skin. She had long dark hair, though, as opposed to her mom's slightly shorter, dazzling blonde. I let her into my apartment, watching from the doorway as she looked around, appraising, giving me a nice view of her goodies, like she was a showcase model, only she was the display, the prize. She sure looked like one.

"Nice place," she said.

"Thanks."

She walked to the refrigerator and opened it. "Got any beer?"

"I thought you wanted water," I said. 

She looked over at me and stared for a moment, deadpan, before saying, "I said," – again the pause – "'or something'. Remember?" She smiled. I smiled back and watched her grab two beers and bring one over to me. 

We had sat on the couch drinking our beers and talking – though she would mess with her phone every once in a while, like she couldn't live without the damn thing – staring into each others eyes and smiling, talking about nothing really, just small talk, when she suddenly looked around and said, "Where's your bedroom? Can I see it?" just like that, out of the blue, getting up then and saying, "Is that it?" as she headed for the bedroom door. I couldn't believe it. I followed her to the bedroom and stood in the doorway, watching her.

Her mother was really working my dick with her mouth now, possibly sensing the excitement I felt at remembering the way her daughter walked toward the bed and lay down on it, spreading her legs and touching herself, saying, "I'll bet this is a great bed to fuck in ... isn't it?" and saying it like she already knew that it was.

I grabbed her mother's head and stopped her, saying, "We have to fuck – now." I pulled her toward me and set her on her back, feverishly snatching a condom from the bedside table (I like to keep them handy, you know) getting it open and putting it on, getting on top of her then and sliding my dick inside, the image of her daughter on my bed – this bed – fused into my mind. I remember her daughter had rolled over and crawled on all fours to the window over the bed, grabbing the headboard, cell phone still in hand (of course), and looking out, saying, "Nice view," giving me a really fabulous one, a view of her ass, right there, waiting ... 

I rolled her mother over then, at the memory of the sight, and started fucking her doggy-style. She let out a low, throaty moan that was punctuated by my thrusts, then grabbed the headboard and shook it, hard, pushing her ass into me to meet the force of my blows. 

Now, I regret to say – and I'm sure you'll be just as disappointed to hear – that nothing happened between her daughter and me that day; she had gotten a phone call and suddenly had to leave. I remember, she walked past me – still standing there in the bedroom doorway, practically slack-jawed with awe and disbelief – and headed for the front door when she paused and said into the phone, "Hold on a minute." She turned around slowly, then, and walked back over to me, a big grin on her face. She looked right at me, covering the cell phone with her other hand, and said, "I want you to know something." 

She moved closer to me, licking her lips, and said, "I get so ... hot," emphasizing the word slowly, leaning in even closer to whisper it in my ear, her breath warm on my skin, saying, "thinking of you and my mom, in there," pointing to the bedroom now, "fucking ... like ... mad." 

She pulled back slowly and looked at me for a moment, still smiling, possibly trying to gauge my reaction, and then she turned around abruptly and walked out the door, continuing her conversation on the phone.

I let out a very loud "OHH" as I came, hard, and she screamed out "Christ, yes!!" even louder. When we were done, we lay back against the headboard, panting, the sweat cooling on our hot bodies.

"Wow," she said, "that was really amazing."

"Yeah, that's exactly what I was thinking."

She slowly got up and started getting dressed. "Sorry. I'd love to stay but I have to go pick up my daughter now."

I thought about her daughter again and smiled. I said, "Your daughter, huh? You know, I met her the other day. Did she tell you?"

She looked at me a moment and said, "No," eyeing me suspiciously now.

"Yeah, she seems like a really sweet girl. Tell her I said hi, okay?"

She hesitated and stood there looking at me, smoothing the dress down her body, pushing her breasts tight against the fabric, her still-hard nipples practically poking through it. 

"Sure," she said, still looking at me funny. "I'll see you later, okay?" and she turned and walked out slowly, looking a little confused, like there was something else she wanted to say but couldn't remember what it was, looking back once, probably wondering just what exactly I was smiling about. 

And I continued to lie there for a long time after, just smiling and dreaming about that aqua blue bikini and what was waiting there beneath it.

*  *  *

"I want you to come over here," she said, standing there with her hand out and her index finger pointing down to a spot somewhere in front of her, a hint of playfulness in her tone. She paused to look me right in the eye, with a big grin set wide on her face, before she said, "And eat my pussy."
