 Walking into the store and gazing around trying to decide where to go first I nod at the saleslady before she can come over and bother me then notice the man standing amongst the night outfits. Taking my time to check Him out I let my gaze wander over his tall body thinking He's a bit taller then me, putting Him at around 6'2 my gaze takes in the wavy brown hair and trim shoulders and waist His legs are long and very nice looking. Shivering a bit as I make my way across the room I smile and feel myself get wet at the thought of His body and mine joined. Laughing at myself I shake my head and move over to the bras looking and trying to decide if I should chose the royal Blue or Green. 

Grabbing both off the rack I walk to the changing rooms glancing over at the man I am startled to see Him watching me. Blushing slightly then lifting my head I walk straighter and with a bit more sway to my hips till I move down the small walk way and enter a room. Undoing my shirt and sliding it off I try on both bras smoothing them over my nice size D Breasts admiring myself in the mirror and deciding to take them both. Putting my shirt back on and gathering my stuff up I open the door and walk out only to run in something that felt like a wall, 

Staggering back I drop my purse and bras, sighing and leaning down I start to pick them up, looking up to see just what it was that I ran into. My eyes meet long jean covered legs sliding up them, I lean back on my heels and look into the darkest chocolate brown eyes I have ever seen, it was the guy I was admiring in the store. Blushing and gathering my stuff I stand and stammer out my apology. 

"Oh I am sorry I didn't see you there and I was in a hurry and well..." sighing as I stand I look at Him only to see His amused smile. 

"No it’s my fault I am sorry, I was looking for you and wanted to talk but never intended this" he gestures with His hand at the floor where my lipstick that I had forgotten to grab was sitting. In one fluid movement He leans down and grabs it putting Him at eye level with my very short skirt and long legs. He smiles up at me as he straitens back up handing me the lipstick. 

"Thank You" is all I can say as I shift from one foot to the other all too aware of the growing wetness that his nearness is causing, then remembering His words and smiling softly "You were looking for me??" I ask 

"Yes Ma'am I was I was going to ask a favor of you" he said as He watched me making me squirm from the thought that He knew exactly the sensation He was causing and loving every minute of it. 

"Well what can I do for you?" I replied then notice the black silk teddy He was holding, all I could think at that moment was that He had great taste 

Holding the teddy up He smiles "Well I need your help you see, my wife and you are the same size and I need to see how this fits, would you be willing to try it on for me?" My heart crashes as I hear the words wife spill from His mouth then mentally kicking myself as I think a man this good would be married. Taking a moment to ponder His request over I almost shrug as I think its a way to be around Him a bit longer knowing how wrong it was but unable to deny the power He has over me. 

"Of course if You could give me a moment I could try it on and let You know how well it fits" taking the teddy from His hand I turn to move into the room again when I get pulled back a bit and realize he hasn't let go of it. 

Spinning around I see an amused look on His face "I think you misunderstood, I want you to model it for me" 

Feeling His words hang in the air I shiver slightly and nod my understanding unable to say anything as I get ever wetter and feel the need to run my hands over my body to pleasure myself, He drops the hold He had on the outfit letting me move in the room again, I step out of my skirt and pick it up placing it to the side. Pulling my arms out of the blouse and sliding it off my shoulders I lay it on the skirt and step into the outfit, pulling the sheer material over my skin and then around my panties and bra. Adjusting it and opening the door I see Him standing where he was when I entered the room. Slowly I open the door, He looks for a moment and walks over gently pushing my shoulder and making me turn in a slow circle then stopping me as I face Him again.

"Very nice but there's something wrong" I hear Him say "Ohhh that's it would you remove the undergarments it just doesn't look right and I can't possibly judge it with them on."

Blushing bright red and thinking how bad this outfit might get soiled I start to tell Him then feel His fingers on my lips silencing me then one word. 

"Please" 

That one word stops all my thoughts and I turn again moving in the room and closing the door behind me not bothering to see if it latched. Unbuttoning the material between my thighs I slide my red panties down over my long legs hooking them on a toe and tossing them on my clothes. Bending down I redo the buttons on the outfit then reach up and slide the straps off my shoulder so that I can take off my bra. Tossing it in the pile with the rest of my clothing I begin to shiver as the straps settle on my shoulders again and sigh as I feel my dripping wet pussy soak the material as I knew it would do. 

I turn to grab the door and gasp seeing Him standing there watching me. I take a step back as he moves in and pushes the door closed behind Him. I hear it shut with a click that sounded deafening, but amazingly not scared in the least. More then a little aroused I stand there unable to move not knowing what I would do if I could, would I throw myself at this married man that is turning me on or would I run for the door and embarrass myself in front of anyone else in the store. As I think these thoughts He reaches out and runs his right hand over my breast and I feel my nipple harden at that touch. Closing my eyes in embarrassment I feel His nudge again on my shoulder and knowing what he wishes me to do I turn slowly feeling his eyes on me. Coming back around to face Him again I keep my eyes down as I stop and He speaks again.

"Very very nice I think I shall get it" 

Turning to grab my clothes He stops me with a hand on my arm, I look at His hand then look up, He's standing so close I can smell His aftershave and feel my knees weaken a bit. He says nothing else but slides his hand over my tummy and between my legs making me moan silently as his fingers glide over the wetness gathered there. Shaking from His touch He leans down and brushes His lips over mine casing me to lean back against the wall as He pulls His mouth away and continues running His fingers over the material at my thighs causing them to get wetter with my juices. 

Unable to stop myself my legs spread apart enough so that He can cup my pussy with His hand and grind His palm against my clit as His fingers push against me. I feel Him move His hands and hear the snap of the material as He undoes the 2 small buttons. Suddenly He's pressing 2 fingers into me, a small gasp escapes me and I close my eyes. I feel His fingers slide in working there way into my body till there fully inside and I am trying to grab the wall behind me and hold on from the pleasure He is causing. 

He moves to His knees watching His fingers slide in and out of me slowly as He brings His face closer and I feel His breath upon my skin brushing against the small amount of hair I leave there. Without warning I feel His tongue run over and around my clit making me moan louder. Placing His finger over my lip I finally remember where we were and nod my understanding so that He does not stop what He is doing to my body.

I close my eyes again and place one of my hands in my mouth biting down on it. His fingers speed up moving in and out of me faster then I feel myself being stretched as he slides a 3rd finger into me making me move my legs farther apart. My other hand grabs His hair as my orgasm threatens to overcome me. His mouth begins to move frantically over my clit the sensations causing me to grind my hips against His face. He shoves His fingers again then again and finally one last thrust deep into me as He bites on my clit sending me over the edge. Biting down on my hand hard so that any noises I might make are muffled I feel my body shake and my juices flow out of me. My eyes close tightly as I vaguely notice His tongue bathing me as my body slows down. Releasing my hand from my mouth I absently notice the teeth marks while I sigh in complete satisfaction. Looking down at Him and seeing His eyes staring up at mine I smile softly as He stands and licks His fingers. 

I reach out and grab his hand guiding it to my mouth "May I??" I whisper. Seeing His nod I Move it closer to my lips my tongue darting out licking the tip of His finger then slowly sliding it into my mouth with a soft purr of pleasure. My tongue slides up one side of His finger the back down the other as I remove it from my mouth only to slide then next one in. Finally, dropping His hand I blush as I start to realize what I have done in a store and with a married man, Quickly covering myself up with my hands I look up at Him and see His amused smirk. 

"No need for that pretty one" I hear Him say "in fact I must confess that I saw you enter and was hoping for something like this to happen, and before you ask yes I am married but I would like for you to come home with me and meet my wife. You see, she's bi and will love you and I can promise more of what you have just enjoyed." smiling He stands back and waits for my decision. 

Standing there I think over what He has said, knowing deep inside that I would give anything for this to happen again. Nodding my acceptance He smiles and walks out with one last look back. 

"I will be waiting for you at the counter take that off and bring it with You I will be buying it and thank you" with those final word He turns and shuts the door leaving me standing in the changing room disheveled and satiated.

Slipping out of the outfit putting it aside then dressing I look back to make sure I haven’t forgotten anything I was wearing then I grab the outfit and reach for the door having forgotten the bras.

Opening the door and half expecting to see a pissed sales lady or mad wife there I am slightly surprised that the area is empty, Making my way out to the sales desk I see Him standing there his eyes on me watching me make my way to his side. Giving me another of those drop dead smiles he motions for me to place the outfit on the counter as he chats with the sales lady. Taking it she swipes it over the machine her eyes never leaving Him and I cross my fingers hoping she doesn’t notice the wetness in the crotch of it. I sigh quietly in relief when she folds it and places it in a bag. Grabbing the bag he flashes her one last smile then takes my arm gently but firmly in his hand.

"Ready dear" He says and I give a small jump as I realize He is speaking to me. 

"Umm yes Love" I hear myself reply then follow Him out of the store and to a bright red car in the parking lot. Stopping at the door he smiles and nods his head to my little blue car parked alongside it.

"No need for that tonight I will bring you back tomorrow to get it, it will be safe enough here" with those words he opens the door and watches me slide onto the leather seat chuckling as I try to adjust my skirt so it does not ride up. Closing the door he moves around the car and climbs in.

Laying my head back I take a deep breath trying to relax my nerves. Closing my eyes I hear the car start and feel the purr of the motor we back out and leave. I’m surprised to notice that it’s starting to get dark and the car is thrown into shadows from the failing light. 

I sense more then see His hand as it moves to my thigh running down to my knee and back up inching my short skirt higher till He has worked it up far enough to slide His fingers around my pussy touching and feeling the wetness soaking through the panties. Slowly He slides his fingers up and down over my clit making my breath speed up. His hand pulls away making me whimper as my body shudders from the sensations He had been causing in me. Without warning I feel His hand slide up the side of my neck and around to the back of my head pulling and urging my face into His lap. Reaching out with one hand I unzip His pants slowly purring softly as He goes back to sliding His fingers over my wetness caressing my clit over and over making my hips thrust at Him with each touch. 

Pulling His zipper down all the way and undoing the button I reach in and pull His cock out carefully, seeing the size of it I gasp out loud and Hear him chuckle then feel Him move around a bit as he gets comfy. Moving forward I start by running my hand up and down His length, my hand gliding over that soft skin feeling how hard He is under that softness. My tongue finds its way to the head of His cock licking the tip slowly then sliding down to the base of it and back up again. Slowly I lean closer lowering my mouth down onto Him till just the head is in my mouth and I can suck on it softly feeling His hips jerk in response as my tongue glides around and under the sensitive head. Pushing more of Him into my mouth I feel my mouth widen beyond what I have had to take in before making me wonder just how much of Him I can handle.

As I urge more of His hard cock in my mouth His fingers begin to speed up on my clit making me shiver and moan quietly. 

"Be as loud as you want now pretty one there is no one but you and I to hear" 

Pushing my hips against His hand I lower my mouth on Him a bit further sliding up and down a few times to get used to His size then let my tongue run over Him exploring every inch as I do so getting His taste and purring at it. Moving my mouth down lower on Him I start sucking at Him pushing Him deep down my throat then pulling him back out hearing his intake of breath as He awaits the hot warmth of my mouth again and the tightness of my throat as I force Him deeper into it. 

Closing my eyes I work at taking Him in deeper moving past halfway and I feel Him lift His hips trying to shove that last bit of his cock into my mouth. Noticing a change in the speed of the car I realize that He has brought it to a stop. I lift my head up to see if we had reached our destination when He pushes back down on it and moans. 

"Continue please I needed to stop to concentrate on this pretty one" with that He begins to slide His hand under my panties and caress my clit once more rubbing it and making me gasp. My mouth moves on Him again taking Him farther with each slide back down, while He meets each down stroke with a push of His hips up to my mouth and I am unable to keep my teeth from scraping his thick cock. I hear Him moaning louder while His hand on me speeds up. 

Feeling my orgasm approach I begin to move with intent on making Him cum. Sliding Him in and out faster sucking deeply as I do so letting my tongue slide over His sensitive underside of the head.

I hear one last groan from Him and He shoves up forcing himself deep in my throat as He begins to cum coating my mouth with his seed. His free hand grabs my head and holds it there as His other hand moves over my clit squeezing it as I start to cum again my thighs closing against His hand. The hand in my hair pulls me off of his cock letting the last of His cum spray my face and I scream out as another orgasm overwhelms my body and I cover His hand again with my juices.

Moving around just a bit I feel the dampness of the seat under me as I lay my head on His leg, His cock still erect lays against my face occasionally dripping on my cheek and lips. 

Taking His fingers from my wet pussy He reaches down to my face running it through the cum and then bringing His fingers to my lips watching as my tongue slides out and around the offered treasure. He moans softly as I clean them again, 

Pulling away slowly He helps me sit up again and adjusts Himself sliding that beautiful cock back in His pants. Grabbing a Kleenex he reaches over and cleans His cum off my faces then kisses me softly. 

"My wife is going to love you pretty one, she will have You do all this and more to me and in turn she will have her way with you, pleasuring and being pleased, touching and exploring" running a hand over my face He smiles softly and cups my chin "it will be an enjoyable night" 

With that He turns starts the car and takes off putting us one step closer to meeting her.