 Friday night, finally, and I was sitting at my favorite table, at my favorite bar waiting for Marie, my favorite server, to bring me my steak, salad and second drink. I watched a sweet milf and the guy she was with, come into the bar and head for a dark table in a corner. After they had ordered their first round, she got up and headed for the Lady's Room. I couldn't help but stare at her tits as she passed by, because they were clad in an electric blue and fuchsia, half-cup bra that cradled her large, milk-white breasts as they bounced and swayed in the fine lace, determined to escape from it. 

She wore a sheer, nearly transparent, white silk blouse that did virtually nothing to hide her charms and a black, patent leather skirt that barely covered her round, plump ass and her tanned legs and her four inch heels finished the package nicely. She was what some guys would call 'thick", not rail thin, she had curves and she bounced in all the right places. On top of all that, she was a ginger. Her short hair was a gorgeous shade of red and I couldn't help but wonder if it was natural.

She caught me looking again on her way back to her table and stopped, smiled, winked and said, "Hi, my name's Katie. I hope you're enjoying the show."

I chuckled at what she said as I smiled back and said, "Hi Katie, my name is William, but my friend calls me Bill, and yes, I am enjoying it very much. You are an extremely attractive woman and I thank you for sharing your charms. Can I buy you a drink?"

"No thank you," she said, still smiling as she started to walk away. "I am with a friend, and he would not appreciate someone else plying me with alcohol. He has plans to do that himself and I am going to let him. Hope you have a good night."

With that, she walked back to her table, where, judging by the way he looked at me, her friend was questioning her about me. I found it humorous to say the least, but when the waitress brought my second round and dinner, I focused my attention on eating. About half way through my salad I had to go to the head so I could get rid of the water, coffee, and tea I had been drinking at the dive shop where I worked all day. I was standing at the pisser when the redhead's friend walked in and came up behind me.

"You best keep your eyes off Katie, my man, unless you want your ass kicked." The guy said.

"First, get the fuck out from behind me; second, if you don't want guys checking out your date," I said "You should go out with ugly women. She has great tits, which she is proudly displaying, and to ignore them would be damn rude. Now, unless you want me to reach down your throat and rip your lungs out, get the fuck out of my way."

Lover Boy was a bit taken aback by my charming personality, and the punch to his sternum that sent him reeling back into the wall and gasping for breath as I walked past him and out the door, and then it hit me...I forgot to wash my hands. I went back in to wash up and Lover Boy, who was moving towards the door, looked at me with just a bit of fear in his eyes.

I hit the faucet and as the water heated up said, "Forgot to wash up, hum, they're out of soap. Good thing I didn't piss on my hands."

I rinsed my hands, dried them on a paper towel walked out, and was headed back to my table when I literally ran into Katie as she came around the corner. Her tits smashed into my chest and, I must say, they felt as good as they looked.

Taking a step back, I said "Hello again, please excuse me. I didn't see you coming."

"That's okay. Is my friend, Frank in there? He said he needed to pee, and hasn't come back to the table yet. Our dinner is there, and I want to order some more champagne." She said with a giggle that told me she had already been enjoying her bubbly.

"Yes, I think he was doing a little more than just "peeing" as you called it. I am sure he will be out in a minute or two. Can I walk you back to your table?" I said as I took her by the elbow and gently turned her around.

"Sure, I wouldn't want to get lost." She replied with a smile. 

"That smile! God, she has a great smile. But I better stop finding reasons to like her. Wouldn't want Lover Boy, what did she call him...Oh yeah, Frank, wouldn't want Frank to kick my ass." I said to myself while trying not to look at her tits, at least, not obviously anyway.

"You just can't keep your eyes off of them can you?" Katie said with an alcohol assisted giggle. "I bet you can't tell me what color my eyes are, can you?"

"They are a brownish mix. The left eye is slightly darker than the right. It's very unusual to have eyes that are different colors." I said as we reached her table and she scooted in, flashing me just a little peek of panties the same color as her bra.

"Well, my dinner is getting cold, so if you will excuse me, I will get back to it." I said as I started to turn to go back to my table.

"You know my eye color, you surprise me. I thought you were just staring at my boobs. Are you sticking around after you finish eating? They have a great band tonight and the dancing is really fun." Miss blue panties said to me.

I replied, with just a bit of a smile crossing my face, "I don't dance very well, but I don't mind watching people who can."

The entire scene had taken, maybe, five minutes from beginning to end and as I sat down to finish eating; Lover Boy Frank came back from the head, giving me a dirty look as he walked past, still rubbing his chest. I watched him sit down in the booth with Katie and lean over and say something to her. Whatever it was, she frowned and shook her head "No". 

Frank scowled at her and I heard him say "Finish your damn dinner and then we are outta here."

She put her hand on his and sadly said, "But you said we were going to stay for the dancing and I have been looking forward to it all week. You know I love to dance. I'll make it worth your while." 

"I said, we are eating and then leaving. That's what I am going to do. If you want to stay here and shake you tits, you can. But, if you stay, 

we're done." Frank said angrily.

"DONE! What on earth is wrong with you?" Katie replied with a trembling voice.

"I am tired of you dressing like a slut when we go out. Every guy we see wants to fuck you, because you dress like a fucking slut!" Frankie boy snapped.

"YOU ARE THE ONE WHO ASKED ME TO DRESS LIKE THIS!" The, now angry redhead fired back at him. 

"You have always said you liked watching other men's reaction to how I look when we go out at night. Why are you so pissed off about it tonight, I don't understand." Her voice had softened and the trembling had returned.

Everyone in the restaurant was now looking at them and I couldn't sit there and keep my mouth shut any longer. I have been told, several times, that I am missing that filter that is supposed to exist between the brain and mouth, and I was about to demonstrate that fact again. I put my napkin down on the table, took a hit off my drink, pushed my chair back and headed for the table where Katie and Frank were arguing.

Reaching their table I said, "He's pissed because I punched him in the chest when we were in the head, um, restroom. He came in while I was piss...relieving myself and threatened to kick my ass if I didn't stop looking at you when you walked past me. Apparently, most guys are usually afraid of him when he threatens them for checking you out. I don't scare, I deal with situations. 21 years in the Marine Corps taught me to do that. Your turn, Frankie boy."

Frankie boy was sitting there with a really stupid look on his face and just as he seemed to be getting ready to say something, the fire came back to Katie.

"YOU HAVE BEEN THREATENING TO BEAT PEOPLE UP FOR LOOKING AT ME, WHEN YOU ARE THE ONE WHO WANTED ME TO DRESS LIKE THIS! You asshole, no wonder guys would be so mean to me when we go out. They have been thinking that I am a tease. "

"And YOU, Mr. Bill" She said to me. "You let me think everything was fine when I talked to you after you came out of the restroom. Why did you do that?"

Her question caught me totally off guard, and it took a second to formulate a response that made sense. I finally looked her right in the eyes and said, "I didn't want to embarrass him, so I let it go. It would have stayed that way, if he hadn't started being such an ass to you. I don't like it when men treat women like he's treating you, so I put my two-cents in."

I turned to walk back to my table and finish my dinner, when I heard someone get slapped. I turned to see Frank holding his cheek and looking like he was going to punch Katie, who also realized what was about to happen and had already started to recoil from Frank.

"THAT, would be a mistake that you might not recover from, Frankie boy. I guaran-God-damn-tee it." I said loudly enough for everyone in the place to hear. 

"You best slide on out of that booth and haiku the fuck out of here and if you follow thru with that punch, I am going to fuck you up so bad your momma won't recognize you, bitch."

"That's it! I'm out of here." Frank said as he slid out of the booth. "You comin'?" He continued looking at Katie.

"No, I don't think I am. I can't believe you did these things, after telling me to dress like this. I need to figure out how I feel about this stuff." She said.

"If you don't leave now, we're done, bitch." Frank fired back at her.

As tears rolled down her cheeks, Katie said. 

"Don't you call me that, you asshole. You know what? We're done now, just go away and leave me alone."

"You're right; we're done, so fuck you." Lover boy said.

"That's it, hit the bricks." I said, stepping in between Frank and Katie, who was still sitting at the table.

"Yeah, I'm outta here." Frank said as he turned on his heel and headed for the door. "She can pay the fuckin' bill." He said to the Cashier as he walked out the door.

I looked at Katie, who was sitting at her table trying not to cry and suddenly heard a voice saying; "You know what, you are better off without that prick. Would you like to come and sit with me, while you finish your dinner?" She looked at me and smiled sadly and that's when I realized that I was the one who had been talking to her.

At that point, I figured I may as well go for broke on the gentleman bit, as I stepped to her side of the table, held my hand out and waited. Katie looked at me for a couple of seconds and then said;

"Why not, but would you mind if I brought the champagne with me?"

I smiled the best smile I could, "I think you should, it's open and needs to be paid for anyway, so grab the bottle and come with me."

She slid out of her seat with the bottle of champagne in her hand and I stuck my arm out for her. She slid her hand into the crook of my arm and we walked the few feet back to where I had been sitting. I flagged Marie, the waitress, down, asked her to bring Katie a fresh glass and a fresh meal, since hers had gotten cold. I also told her to charge the Champagne and the fresh meal to my card.

"Okay, Bill, I can do that, but what about the Dickhead's stuff?" 

"Ask Stevey if he'll hold the check. Dickhead will be in to pay it in a day or two." I told her, "And I will cover your tip for it." I continued.

Marie leaned down, gave me a kiss on the cheek and said; "You are so sweet."

"Don't say that too loud, you'll ruin my reputation." I said, and patted her on the ass as she walked away.

"You must be a real regular here." Katie said as I poured a glass of champagne into the fresh glass Marie had brought.

"I eat here far too much, I must admit. But I am not that great of a cook, and most nights I just have soup and a quesadilla. Sometimes I put some chicken in it, but most nights it's just cheese, salsa and avocado."

"Don't you have someone to cook for you?" She asked as she took a sip from her drink.

"If you mean, do I have a girlfriend, then the answer is no. There aren't that many women who will put up with my shi...crap, so I am usually by myself."

"Well, I truly appreciate you stepping in tonight. Frank has been acting like a dick for weeks now, and now I know why. He has been looking for an excuse to breakup with me, while making me look like the bad girl. I think he has a new girlfriend and, if she's the person I think, she's 10 years younger and 20 pounds lighter than I am. He would have hit me if you hadn't stepped in." Katie said as she stopped talking to take a drink of her champagne.

She swallowed the fizzie liquid and continued, staring at the glass she held in her hand, "I guess I gave him the excuse he wanted tonight. At least we weren't living together. THAT would be a disaster." 

"You say he would have hit you, has he hit you before?" I asked innocently.

"Yes, he has and lately, it's been more frequent. Usually, he just slaps me, but tonight he would have used his fist. I know I should have broken up with him when the abuse became more frequent, but I really liked him and thought he would stop." She said, finally looking away from the glass and at me.

"I'm so sorry. I have been nothing but trouble for you tonight and now I am telling you my life's story. "

"That's okay," I said, "I am very glad I was here to help. I REALLY hate men who abuse women, and I would hate to see that pretty face bruised."

"You really are sweet." She said with a soft smile.

"Hey, hey, there's no need to be insulting." I laughed, but secretly I was feeling like I had done something right and maybe, just maybe, it would shorten my time in purgatory. Yes, I know the church no longer talks about purgatory, but I am old school, raised Catholic by my Grandmother, so Purgatory is still in my mind and God knows I have done plenty of things that will require centuries in Purgatory before I atone for all my sins.

"Well, here's your dinner, Katie. Why don't you sit back, relax and enjoy it. Lord knows you've earned it tonight." I said as her fresh meal was placed in front of her.

"Hey, I didn't order lobster, it's too expensive." She said as she stared at the huge crustation that had been placed in front of her.

Marie smiled and said "Stevey says it's on the house, because any friend of Bill's is a friend of his." 

After taking a long drink from my tequila, I looked at the lovely redhead sitting with me and said, "Go ahead, sweetheart, enjoy your supper and when the music starts, maybe you'll do me the honor of a dance or two." 

Katie seemed pleased with her meal, but was three, very tall glasses, into her champagne and looked at me over the rim of the glass at her lips, smiled that smile I had already come to love and purred, "I would be more than happy to dance with you." 

Now I haven't had the opportunity to dance with a lady in several months, let alone make love with one, and this lady was having an effect on me unlike anything I have felt before. I was sitting, staring into her eyes, feeling my dick straining to tear through skivvies and trousers, and wishing I could stick my tongue down her throat as my hands roamed over her curves from top to bottom. Shit, I had known her for less than two hours and I was already in love with her. 

Katie set the champagne glass down and looked right into my eyes as she reached across the table and rested her hand on mine. She didn't seem to notice the missing finger or scars running up my hand and arm, or the one on the side of my face where the shrapnel and blast from an RPG had nearly killed me as it blew me forty feet across the flight line as the helo I was preflighting burst into flames. Sometimes, at night, I still heard the explosions and the screams. 

The screams, I finally figured out, were my own, as I tried to get up off the deck and get my gunner out of the flames, but I still heard them. That's why I sleep alone; even hookers usually don't last the night. But this lady didn't seem to even notice them as her fingers softly traced circles on the back of my hand while we made small talk while we waited for the band to start. I was completely lost in her eyes, her laugh and her smile; I hadn't even glanced at her breasts since she finished her lobster. Fine Jarhead I am, swept off my feet by a damsel in distress; I would never live this down at the VFW.

After what seemed like hours, the band began playing and I rose from my chair, took Katie by the hand and led her towards the dance floor. She had downed a full magnum of champagne with dinner, and was definitely feeling the alcohol. When we reached the floor, I raised her hand over her head as she gently turned into my arms and put her head on my chest while we did a slow dance to "Dancing in the Dark". No one else seemed to notice as they flailed around us and we just turned, almost like we were waltzing, oblivious to the world.

It felt so damn good with our hips just touching and her tits gently pressed into my chest. Her perfume, "Obsession" I was sure, filled my nostrils as I attempted to breathe as much of her into me as I could. I was really glad I had heart punched ole Frankie Boy, and could only think about what a fuck-stick he was. He had thrown this lady away for someone younger, never understanding that what he had was better than anything his "new love" could ever be.

Katie and I danced for hours, with her raising her hands in the air and shaking her tits, or turning with her back to me and rubbing her ass against my crotch. We danced slow and we danced fast, and finally, Stevey closed the doors and told me to get the fuck out. I had continued to buy her champagne, whenever she asked for another glass, and she was reasonably well drunk as we walked out the front door and heard it locked behind us.

"How are you getting home?" I asked. But instead of a verbal response, Katie placed her hand on the back of my head and pulled my mouth to hers.

That first kiss probably lasted a good minute, as our tongues sought each other out and then twirled and danced while our lips moved as if searching for a way to make it all last forever.

Finally breaking the kiss, Katie looked up at me and said;

"I am too drunk to drive, I don't like cab rides, and I was really hoping you would take me back to your place. I'll even sleep on the couch if you want." She whispered the last with her head laying softly against my chest, while my hands roamed over her back, settling gently on her shoulders and messaging them.

"Oohhh, that feels so good. I've been bent over a computer all week and it kills my shoulders." She purred, while I thought about whether to take her home with me.

My place ain't really that spectacular, if you know what I mean. In fact, I live in a loft in what used to be a luxury hotel in the 50s and 60s. I have a bed, a bathroom, and a small counter-top with a sink, a microwave,a little frig, and a coffeepot. My cloths, such as they are, hang in the little closet from hotel days, and, on occasion, you can hear the planes coming in to land at the local airport. It's not exactly where you want to take a lady, either just to sleep, or to have sex.

"Are you sure you don't want me to take you back to your place, Katie?" I asked her, though I hoped her answer would be "No."

"Unt uh. I want you to take me back to your place, because I will be safe there. Frankie may be waiting at my place, and he will hurt me bad this time. Please, I will even sleep on the floor if you want." Katie half begged.

"Okay, baby, you can come to my place. I'll sleep on the couch and you can have the bed." I told her this, as I fished my keys out of my pocket and headed towards the parking lot. 

As we got to the car, Katie asked me for a napkin. I usually keep several in the door pockets in the car, so I opened the passenger door and, sure enough, there was a stack that had probably come from some fast-food place. I handed her the napkins and she slurred; "I will be right back." 
