 I was a young separated mother with young children living in my small hometown where there is nothing to do and I MEAN NOTHING! There are men around, sure, but none I would look at twice.

I was doing everything possible to make money for my children and myself so that brought me to type up term papers back in the days when computers were rare and not everyone owned one.

A friend in the next town suggested to one of her friends that I could and probably would type up her son's senior English term paper and probably could do it quickly as this young man had procrastinated for quite some time and was pushing the envelope on the due date.

She called me and a time was arranged for him to bring it to me at my home. It was during the early part of a Saturday that this young man drove into my yard. I was outside working in the yard and when he got out of his vehicle, I could tell that he had just left some sort of sporting event as he was covered in mud and dirt.

Turns out he plays soccer and was in a tournament. He was quite handsome with a young boyish look that you knew meant once he hit his mid-20's he would be rather handsome. He was a gentleman and extended his hand for me to shake and then noticed the dirt and tried to hurriedly wipe it off. I remember smiling and asking him into my home. Once at the backdoor, he was kind enough to remove his shoes but that posed another issue; his socks were filthy too. Again, we chuckled and he leaned down to remove those also.

I then invited him into my study but then I quickly assessed that I could not invite him to sit down on the couch so I did what I could only think of and asked if he would like to take a shower.

He quickly answered with an enthusiastic smile and said, "Yes." He went back to his car and found fairly clean clothes and came back in.

I led him down the hallway to my bedroom and into the bathroom which in terms of today's architecture was quite small. I showed him where my ex's body wash was (hadn't thrown it out yet) and told him I would go get the towel for him.

Now I was in my 40's with curves and a fairly nice figure (so I had been told). I and my ex did not share a normal sex live and I had come to the conclusion it was on him and not on me. I was to put it mildly quite horny and in need of a young, hard cock and there it was in my shower. I had seen his looks earlier and reasoned he was 18, legal and I was needy. When does an 18 year old male ever turn down sex?

Which led me to my next move...

When this young man opened up the shower door, there I stood with the towel in my hands. I suggested that since he had a rough day of competition, he might need a nice rub down and with very little thought told him to turn around so I would have his back. I began with his hair and gave it a nice rub down before moving down to his neck, then shoulders, and all the way down to his legs. I then sat down on the toilet lid that I had pulled down and asked him to turn around.

And there meeting me "face to face" was a nice, long, hard cock front and center. I have always been very oral and seeing what I had dreamed of for days, months the temptation was too hard to pass up. I had no problem placing my hand under his manhood and I leaned forward with my mouth wide open. Years later I can still hear his gasp and then his moan as I relished the opportunity to enjoy my first oral experience in way too many years! Without thinking of consequences I devoured his cock and finally realized his hands were in my hair guiding and dictating how he wanted it. And I smiled! And yes, you can smile with your mouth stuffed full of young, juicy cock!

He finally pulled out much to my chagrin and asked if we could take it to my bed. He helped me up (such manners) and I took his hand to guide him to my bed as my other hand was unbuttoning my blouse. When I turned around to face him his mouth found mine and I devoured his along with his mine. His hair was dark and full and my hands went into his hair bringing his face even closer. I was so hot I could feel the cum dripping into my panties! My bed was high and we both climbed up. He began to help me in stripping off my clothes and then his face went straight to my puss. All I could do was moan and grind myself into his mouth. Sheer heaven and release with each of his licks! I am and have always been very orgasmic so with each of his licks I was coating his face and mouth with my wetness.

Finally I had enough and began to beg for his hardness to go inside me. Forget asking to make love or for him to be gentle! That would be for another time and another day. Today I just needed to be fucked and harder the better! He fulfilled my every wish and desire on that issue and his cock came at least three times in the course of the day.

Somehow I took my head out of the clouds and realized that I had children to pick up and he had to go back home. Return to reality was rude and tough but then he reminded me that his paper still needed to be typed so we made plans to get together the very next day and I had time to find a place for my children to go.

Do I need to tell you that yes, this happened again the next day but it might shock you to hear that he and I saw each other over the course of 10 years.

I still think of him often and smile to myself of the joy and release we gave to each other. I chose to believe that he enjoyed as much as I those times we spent together and I hope that someone is cherishing him for the fine young man he is!