 "Why is it so hot today?"

I know complaining is pretty unattractive, especially for a guy, but I couldn't help it. Today's weather got to a scorching 107 degrees and it's barely eleven in the morning. I don't know how we were going to make it any further along the street before we melted into the concrete from this infernal weather.

"Why did you have to break your car?" asked Janet, obviously disconcerted by the weather too.

She was sitting on the handle bars of my bike while I sat on the seat pedaling the two mile distance between our houses. Three days ago I had been celebrating my eighteenth birthday with my buddies and ended up blowing my clutch, which meant a car-free weekend. If I had known I would have to resort back to riding my bike just to hang out with Janet, I think I would have been slightly less carefree. The lack of A/C was definitely getting to the both of us and we had barely been riding for fifteen minutes.

Janet and I have known each other since we were twelve years old as new-comers to the same community. I had accidentally ran into her on my bike and instead of yelling at me she just laughed it off and gave a helping hand. Ever since that day we spent the rest of the summer taking turns at each other's houses, mainly spending time at my house since I had a pool. So we continued this tradition every summer, with each summer being more fun than the last. This summer was different though because it was our last summer together before we leave for college. She got accepted to Brown and I decided Stanford would work out for me. We have been trying not to make a big deal out of not seeing each other at the same school--even though we always hung out with different people--anymore, but we could definitely feel the hints of separation now that we only had a few more weeks left to just hang out.

"Scott are you even listening to me?" asked Janet as she turned to face me.

It wasn't until her shifted body weight got the best of the bike that I snapped out of my train of thought and tried to catch hold of the bike before it fell. I had no such luck which resulted in Janet jumping off of the bike so I wouldn't get too scraped up when i hit the ground. 

"Nice job genius," she said sarcastically.

"I would've been fine if your fatass didn't screw up the rhythm of the bike!" I retorted in the same sarcastic tone, flashing her a smile to show I was kidding around.

"Oh well, at least we can walk from here since your house is like right there," she said and began sprinting down the street leaving me to check up on myself and the bike. 

When I finally did make it up my driveway I tossed my bike to the side of the garage against the wall and hurried inside to see that Janet had already turned the music on and was bouncing around the kitchen getting us each a glass of ice cold lemonade. I walked over to the sliding glass door that led to the backyard and peered out to where the pool was. 

"Hey," I shouted over my shoulder, "it looks like the pool guy's done cleaning the pool!" And I walked to the counter so I wouldn't have to keep yelling. "So I'm going to head upstairs and change into my trunks. You okay down here?"

"Yeah I'll be fine, I'll just get these two glasses onto some trays and head on out to the backyard since I'm already in my suit," she replied.

I gave her a small nod on the head and bounded up the stairs two steps at a time to not keep the pool waiting. When I got to my room I stripped down as fast as I could, grabbed my white and dark blue trunks and pulled them on. I did a quick one-over at the mirror to make sure the trunks fit fine. They seemed to be okay for being a year old and I couldn't help but look at myself. I wasn't too bad looking if I had to say so myself. I was 5'10" with an athletic body, thanks to varsity soccer, and a nice tan. I spotted the bottle of sun block at the foot of the mirror and bent to get it since I should definitely block my skin from the hot sun. The trunks stretched a bit over my ass when I bent down; I guess they were a bit tighter than I thought. I had better be careful not to get too excited over Janet's body or she might actually see my hard-on through these things. Over the past few years Janet's definitely filled out in all the right places, which had me stealing glances every chance I could get.

Uh oh. My cock was already starting to perk up at just the mere thought of Janet, I better control my thoughts or we'd have a pretty awkward situation on our hands. I shook off all my stray thoughts, grabbed two towels and headed back downstairs. Janet was already outside drinking her lemonade when I got downstairs so I just continued my way outside.

"Oh good you're finally down here," she said once I jumped down into a lounge chair, "the water looks so inviting."

"Oh yea you're right," I said and I quickly emptied my glass and sprinted towards the pool making a huge cannonball right into the deep end without a single glance back at Janet. The rush of cool water was nothing short of a much needed relief that slightly took my breath away as I swam the length of the pool's floor. It was the perfect temperature for such a hot morning. Coming back to the surface Janet was still drinking the last gulps of her lemonade and quickly shed her oversized shirt and shorts. Although the water took my breath away, her body had me stunned. She had on a skimpy white bikini exposing her tight flat stomach--of which sported a ring around her newly pierced belly button, compliments of her 18th birthday present to herself--, cupping her not to big but not too small breasts with the perfect amount of cleavage, barely covering her nicely shaped ass, and surely showed off the most beautiful legs ever. And to top it off, she had a flawless tan. All thoughts of trying to keep myself in control went out the door as my cock started to get hard again. But before I could take another glance she sprinted towards the pool and did a perfect dive barely a foot away from where I had entered the pool. 

"This water is perfect!" she exclaimed when she finally broke free of the water's surface. 

"Yeah it sure is," I replied.

"Oops...but I lost my bikini bottoms when I dove in. I knew the bikini was a little too small."

Did I hear her right? She lost her bikini bottoms? And as if the gods were answering my question I could see them floating lazily at the edge of the pool to my left. I can't believe this. Just the idea of Janet being naked from the waist down got my cock at full mast before I could do anything about it. Janet had noticed where it was floating too and waded over to where it was. But instead of putting them back on she surprised me by tossing them onto the deck. As if I wasn't shocked already she kept going by pulling her bikini top over her head and tossed it next to her bottoms.

"Might as well not take any chances of them falling off again," she declared so nonchalantly that I thought I had entered into some alternate universe. "Scott are you okay?" she asked when she saw that I hadn't said a word, and started moving towards me.

"JANET!" I exclaimed when I finally caught my breath, "what are you doing?"

"I'm skinny dipping. Haven't you ever done it before?" she asked with a playful smile on her face.

"Well, no I haven't but-- "

"Oh you should try it. It's so exhilarating!" she exclaimed. And with that she reached underwater for the drawstring on my trunks and started to pull them down all the while casting me the sexiest, mischievous glance. If my cock wasn't already hard it would have sprung up at the sight I was beholding. "Hey now!" I laughed, trying to act as casual as she was, "I can at least do that on my own." I didn't want to be embarrassed by her discovering how hard I was so when she reluctantly let go of my shorts I pulled them all the way off and flung them next to where her bikini lay drying. To be honest it felt so good to be so naked in the pool. I couldn't help but feel like I was breaking some rule and I got a bit sheepish. I just felt so free and a smile etched its way onto my face.

"Feels good huh?" Janet asked.

"Oh yea," I replied.

"How good?" she said in a slightly lower, lustrous voice as she put her hands on the outside of my upper thighs and slowly felt her way to my throbbing cock. "Mmm that good huh?"

"J-Janet," I stuttered, "what are you doing?"

"Something I should have done summers ago." Then she leaned into me, put her arms around my neck and kissed me. 

Her lips were so soft on mine and I felt like all my wildest fantasies were coming true. If this is what she wanted, well then I shall give her whatever she wants. I had no room for complaints here now that the hottest girl I've ever seen in person was kissing me full on the mouth. Her kiss was nice and soft at first but then got increasingly deeper and I returned the gesture by pressing even harder against her as I put my arms around her waist. Her mouth slightly opened and I took it even further by sliding my tongue into her mouth. My tongue wasn't the only thing exploring: my hands began going up and down her back and finally made their way down and I got two handfuls of her beautiful ass. A small moan escaped Janet's mouth as she grabbed a tighter hold around my neck and wrapped her legs around my waist. I could feel her hot pussy against my pelvis, barely an inch above my cock. Still kissing her, I moved her to the topmost step of the pool, which was slightly submerged in water. I broke the kiss and slowly made my way to her neck. I kissed and sucked her skin leaving small red marks as I continued down to her breasts. One small lick around her right nipple and Janet began moaning softly. I knew I was turning her on and kept it up by taking her whole breast into my mouth, licking sucking and caressing it, all the while Janet was moaning and her legs started to wrap themselves around me once again. I continued across her chest and did the same thing with her other breast and once both nipples were nice and hard I kept going further and further down her torso. Upon approaching her hips I kissed each one and stood back a little to get a good look at her wet pussy.

Janet put her legs back onto the step and leaned back onto her elbows, ready for what we both knew was coming next. What I saw before me looked so hot I could just fuck her right there and it wouldn't be anything short from amazing. But instead I leaned down and starting kissing my way down her thighs. I could hear Janet moaning again and I knew I was doing this right, so I stopped right as I got to the bottom of her ass. I stuck out my tongue and licked from her asshole all the way up to her clit. "Oh Scott!" gasped Janet. I just smiled. She was so slick and tasted so good I couldn't resist her any longer. Taking a deep breath I reached for her aching lips, spread them apart a little and stuck my tongue as far into her as I possibly could. Her pussy was so nice and warm I just kept pushing my tongue deeper and deeper, resulting in gasps from Janet's mouth. I changed it up a bit and started sucking her clit while rubbing her lips with my fingers. Her pussy was so slippery though that my fingers kept getting daringly close to going inside her. Janet seemed to be about ready to explode so I let four of my fingers slide all the way inside her pussy. Janet's legs spread even wider as she tried to speak, but no words could come out of her mouth except for "oh gosh." I moved my fingers in and out of her vagina with slow movements at first but once Janet's hips started bucking to make my fingers go in faster I picked up the speed and licked her clit as intensely as possible. 

I could feel her clenching her pelvic muscles and I knew she was going to cum soon. I put my whole mouth over her clit and began sucking and licking it with all my might while pounding her pussy with my fingers. "Oh my god. I'm cumming!" Janet screamed. I could feel her body start to quiver when her juices began gushing out of her pussy. I didn't stop though. I kept up my rhythm at a fast pace wanting her to get the best orgasm she's ever had. Legs fully wrapped around my shoulders Janet couldn't take it anymore and moaned so loudly, I'm sure the neighbors knew what was going on. I stopped pumping my fingers in her pussy and began licking up all the juices that were running down her lips and into the pool. Body still sensitive from the orgasm this made Janet go into another full fledged orgasm making her moan even louder, drowning out the music that was still playing in the background. Even more juices began flowing and I licked her dry. Once the orgasm finally subsided I kissed my way back up her torso. Janet pulled me all the way up to her face and kissed me, tasting the juice that still remained around my mouth. 

"I've never had multiple orgasms before. You are amazing," she breathed into my ear. "I'm so hot right now. But now I want you to cum for me."

I didn't need to be told twice. My cock was throbbing so much that it hurt. Janet stood up and led me out of the pool. She grabbed her towel, folded it and put it underneath her knees right in front of me. Looking down at the scene before me was so hot I could just cum right here right now. But I tried with all my strength to keep my body under control to enjoy every second. Janet kissed the tip of my cock licking all around it to make sure it was fully hard. She took hold at the base near my pelvis and began licking my cock as if it was her favorite popsicle. The pressure she made on my cock with her tongue was so irresistibly hot. And then without any warning she took me completely in her mouth. I could feel the tip of my cock touching the back of her throat and she didn't even gag. This girl was truly talented. She looked so hot with me fucking her mouth that I was practically on the edge of an orgasm. I started thrusting my hips to increase the speed and she held on like a champ, following her mouth with one hand sliding on my cock and the other hand playing with my balls. I couldn't take it any longer and warned her just in case she wasn't the swallowing type. 

"Oh I'm gonna cum!" I moaned.

But without missing a beat Janet kept right on pumping faster than ever and I could feel my balls getting tense. And then my orgasm exploded, sending streams of cum into her mouth. Janet stopped pumping and held half of my cock in her mouth as she swallowed every single drop. She lightly sucked the tip of my cock to make sure she got everything. When she was done she wiped her mouth with her towel and stood up as my satisfied cock slowly began to soften. I pulled Janet into me in a tight embrace 

"Thank you. That was epic."

"I'm glad to hear that," she cooed.

And we began kissing again. I gave her the biggest hickey on her neck that she is going to either need a lot of cover up or wear turtlenecks for the next few days. I'm pretty sure she'll pick the former considering this weather. We were a flurry of roaming hands and tongues and in no time I got hard again. I wanted to fuck her so badly and my cock was up and ready for another round so I pushed her towards one of the lounge chairs and let her get comfortable. She spread her legs wide for me and with the sexiest voice she said to me, "Fuck me Scott. Fuck me so hard that I'll be screaming your name."

Without a second thought I practically jumped onto the lounge chair between her legs and began kissing her some more. Then I positioned myself and thrust myself so hard into her pussy that Janet let out a sharp gasp of pleasure and possibly pain. She reacted by putting one leg on my should and the other around my waist. And so I thrust inside her just like she wanted me to. I was slamming my cock into her so hard and so fast that even I was getting close to orgasm. Janet was moaning so loudly and she was screaming all kinds of dirty words at me that got me even hotter, thus making me pump even faster into her pussy. 

"Oh yes Scott fuck me!" she screamed. 

A few seconds later I could feel Janet's body getting tense and rigid. I knew she was almost there. And then it happened. Her orgasm triggered mine and we both were shaking uncontrollably as we moaned louder and louder and each thrust was getting slower and slower. And finally it was all over. Gasping for breath my cock was softening up while still inside her pussy. Neither of us moved for several moments as we gazed at each other, sweaty and spent from the heat of the sun and of the moment. I slid my cock out from Janet's pussy and I could feel the juices staining the lounge chair as it oozed from her swollen lips. 

"Oh no I'm sorry! I should have remembered and grabbed the towel," said Janet, worried.

"Don't worry we can just rinse it off with the hose," I reassured her. 

Feeling a little better Janet leaned into me and kissed me one more time before she stood up and grabbed her towel. Juices were running all down her legs, and with one swift motion she wiped it all up and started heading towards the house.

"Hey where are you goin?" I asked.

"I think it might be time for a shower ," she said, and she blew me a kiss and winked before she turned and stepped inside the house. I couldn't pass up a shower with Janet so I followed her, practically tripping over the other lounge chair to get into the house. These next few weeks are probably going to be the best few weeks of my life.