 As she walked through the door the complete quietness halted her dead in her tracks. “It’s never this quiet here,” she thought as she continued into the living room. Stopping to peer in the den she called out, “I’m home!” There was no answer. Starting to fear the dead quiet, she hastened her steps into the hall and made her way toward the back of the house. At each closed door she stopped, listening, dreading what might be on the other side. As she reached the last door on the left, the master bedroom, her heart was beating hard and fast. Slowly she turned the knob and pushed the door open just an inch. From inside, she could see faint glowing. Fearful, but curious, she pushed the door completely open and tried to catch her breath. Never in her life had she seen such a romantic or beautiful scene as the one laid out before her. Every flat surface was covered with candles of all shapes and sizes, burning, glowing. The soft amber reflection cast by the flames leapt as a tiny breeze fanned with the opening of the door.

Out of nowhere, her husband grabbed her by the wrist and forced her flat against the wall by the door. Using one hand to close the door, he used the other to keep her pinned where she stood. Once the door was closed he used his other free hand to move her second hand to join the first above her head against the wall. Pressing his body flat against hers, he moved his free hand down to lift her skirt and push her panties down past her hips. His lips met hers forcefully, moving her mouth open to meet the feverish probing of his hot tongue. She moaned, arching her back and forcing her pelvis against his swollen manhood. His free hand left her panties and his fingers traced a curved line down the crease between her hip and love triangle.  Increasing desire caused her to quiver ever so slightly inside, moistening the folds of her already throbbing slit. Slipping a finger inside her, she threw her head back and gasped, dripping sweet love juices onto his hand. Pulling his finger back, he lifted his hand to her lips, pushing the slick finger to her waiting tongue. She happily pulled his finger into her mouth, applying suction as he began to love her mouth rhythmically with his finger.  Pulling his finger from her hot mouth, he reached to his back pocket and pulled out a pair of handcuffs and reached up to securely cuff her wrists above her head. Once cuffed, he led her by her hair to the bed and pushed her to the mattress. Reaching above her, he pulled a length of nylon rope from between the mattress and headboard and tied a strong knot around the links between the cuffs.

She struggled against her restraints as he stood and pulled a sharp knife from the nightstand. Lying completely still, she watched wide-eyed as he began to carve at her clothing, releasing her from the bonds of the cloth around her. Once completely naked, he stood again at the bedside and looked down at his beloved. He slowly and methodically began to undress, watching as her eyes caressed every inch of his naked body. Hungry with desire she looked up at him and slowly ran her tongue over her hot, inviting lips. Needing no further encouragement, he knelt on the pillow next to her face and thrust his stiff cock into her hot waiting mouth. She began to devour the shaft inch by inch, swirling her tongue around the tip while applying gentle suction before thrusting her mouth deep over his pulsating shaft. He let out a deep groan as a rising tide of passion began to overcome him. Ever so slowly he began to increase the tempo of his thrusts as he made love to her mouth. He gasped as he shot a large, hot load deep into her throat. She sucked and licked, enjoying each drop as he emptied himself inside her mouth.

Lying next to her catching his breath he looked at his wife with longing and desire. Slowly he began to kiss her, starting at her foreheads and moving down, stopping at each eyelid, cheek and her mouth, before descending to her neck. As he nibbled the hollow of her throat, she closed her eyes and moaned softly. He continued his trail of pleasure moving down to each nipple, biting and teasing them with his tongue. Arching her back, she moved her hard nipples closer to his mouth, begging him to tease her to ecstasy. Wanting to keep her begging, he lifted his mouth from her nipples and continued to move down over her stomach, stopping to dart his tongue into her navel. Gasping she begged for more, becoming wetter and hotter with each passing second. He continued the journey to her pleasure patch below, but bypassed it with a tiny flick of his tongue that caused her to cum wildly. Running his tongue down the inside of one thigh, he stopped to kiss behind that knee, then moved to the other leg and retraced his path from behind the knee to just below her welcoming snatch. Her breathing was rapid and erratic, her heartbeat fast and loud. When she thought she could take no more torture, he settled himself between her legs, gently biting her swollen clit as she ground her hips up to meet his mouth. Pleasure overcoming her, she rhythmically moved her hips, beckoning his hot tongue to the center of her womanhood. After long agonizing minutes, his teeth left her clit and gently nibbled on her labia, making her gasp and moan, wanting more. With her begging becoming more insistent, he finally fulfilled her wish and ran his hot tongue down the length of her slit before plunging it deep inside her. Her orgasm was torrential, sending a flash flood of love juice over his lips into his waiting mouth.

Hard again by this time, he slowly moved over her and gently pressed the tip of his hard cock against her waiting snatch. She moved her pelvis forward, trying to impale herself on his hard, pulsating cock. Sensing her need, but still in control, he moved back slightly, keeping just the tip firmly against the opening of her waiting pleasure center. As she threw her head back and let out a long, deep moan, he thrust deep inside her. She screamed, in complete and utter ecstasy as a huge, rocking orgasm shot forth from the center of her being. Slowly, he began to thrust inside her, occasionally hesitating at the opening to tease with his hard tip. After long, hard strokes, each climaxed together, forcing themselves together for an incredible, earth-shattering orgasm. After their lovemaking was complete, he laid on top of her, still inside her, both basking in the aftermath of their love. Slowly he raised his head and searched her eyes for the intense love he knew lived there. A long kiss sealed the bond of the passion the two had shared.