 Did you ever have something happen to you that was so unbelievable in not only how it happened but that it happened at all? Something that when you look back upon it you still find it difficult to believe and if it weren't you that it happened to you wouldn't believe it? Well, this is one of those stories.

Occasionally in New England you'll get a hot day in spring where the temperature exceeds 80 degrees. It doesn't happen often, even in May, but this was the third day of above 80 degree weather and I decided it was a perfect beach day. This happened quite a number of years ago not long after I'd gotten divorced. I got to the beach around 9 and it was vacant. I thought certainly on such a hot spring day and it being a Saturday as well at least a few people would be there but that wasn't the case. The beach I like to go to is a little remote so even in the hot July and August days it's not crowded.

I brought a blanket with me to lay on, a cooler with a few cokes and a sandwich for lunch and a book to keep me entertained as I gave homage to the sun god. About an hour after I got there I someone else was actually on the beach, a woman walking her dog. I watched her as she slowly approached. She was wearing shorts and a light snugly fitting shirt. As she neared me I saw she was quite leggy and very buxom as well as quite pretty. She had it all including my undivided attention. Even in her leisurely pace she seemed to have a certain swagger in her step, something which said I really like who I am. Her dog, a large black Lab sauntered along with her seemingly unaware of the seagulls some dogs would have found irresistible or the flotsam that was washed up on the shore that other dogs would have had their nose in.

She was only 20 yards from me when I noticed her blouse open enough to reveal her ample breasts. I was in lust. As I stared she caught my eye and ten yards later said, "Hi" in a very friendly tone. I responded in kind but was too flummoxed to think of something clever to follow that up with. She seemed unaffected by my staring, maybe and hopefully was a little complimented, but passed by without further comment.

As she walked away from me I watched her for the longest time sighing to myself how gloriously beautiful she was. She had longish brown hair which was pulled back. Her large breasts brought out a beautiful figure. She seemed very fit. He legs looked sleek as runner's legs would be. But she also had these bedroom eyes, dark, mysterious, beautiful and full lips that begged to be kissed. After a while I returned to my book but I couldn't sweep her image from my mind nor did I particularly care to do so. I tired of reading my book but not of the fantasy of her image in my mind. My hand moved to my cock and stroked it on the outside of my bathing suit. It felt good and I yearned for release. I looked up and down the beach. Seeing no one anywhere I pushed my bathing suit down and stroked my naked cock. I closed my eyes to get the image of the woman back into my mind. As I slowly stroked my cock I moaned a little as I thought of how fine she looked. I was also running little fantasies through my head of how I should have responded to her and then what we'd do to one another.

I was lost in my thoughts when I suddenly heard, "Oh my!"

I opened my eyes quickly and tried to cover myself at the same time and said, "Oh shit! I'm so sorry." I saw it was the woman who had passed me a little while ago.

Of course I couldn't quickly pulled my bathing suit up but did so in several awkward moves. "You really shouldn't do such things on a public beach you know," she said in a scolding voice.

"I know and I'm really sorry." She didn't seem angry nor even put out which I found curious at that moment. But she remained silent as if waiting for me to say something. I fumbled out the words, "I um, I, damn, I am so sorry." Her continued silence bothered me but then I wondered why she hadn't just moved quickly past me. Then finally in a joking voice I said, "It's all you're fault you know."

"Really," she said sarcastically. "How's that?"

"Well, when I saw you walking by with your dog I couldn't help but notice your um," I stammered trying to get the right words out, "great figure and how beautiful you are so I couldn't help myself."

"Really," she said again in disbelief.

"Yes. By the way, what happened to your dog?"

"My sister's walking him out to the point while I go down here to the deli."

"Oh," I replied lamely, "um, anyway, I'm sorry I offended you."

"You haven't offended me at all. I just don't believe it was me you were thinking of while you were doing that."

I seem to run into women all the time who have a self-image considerably lower than how I see them. This astonishes me. But usually this sort of a discussion happens well after I've met them and not immediately upon meeting them so I knew she was self-confident because of the way she quickly challenged me and my ideas. I liked that. I also have this theory that women in general are actually much hornier than men but are far more subtle in how they express it.

"My name's Denise."

"Nice to meet you, I'm Peter."

I stood up and shook her hand and then asked her to sit and chat with me a while which she did. We went through all the usual small talk, where do you live, what do you do, etc. After about twenty minutes of talking I found we didn't have much at all in common. Usually there's something but I was finding nothing. She was an excellent conversationalist, though, and led the entire conversation. This suited me just fine.

I had had a very hard time keeping my eye contact with her as we chatted. I kept looking down into her cleavage and I know that on several occasions she caught me doing this although she never said a thing nor did she look annoyed with me either as many women would have and rightfully so.

"So there's something I can't figure out about you," she said.

"What's that?"

"Whether you're just an exhibitionist or some mad rapist."

"Well I can assure you I'm no rapist!" I replied strongly.

"No, I didn't think so," she replied, "but you are truly fascinated by my boobies aren't you."

I couldn't believe she had just said that. "Well, yeah" I replied a little feebly.

Denise quickly looked to either side of herself and then leaned over a little and pulled her shirt apart giving me an even better look at her boobs. Even though she was seated the manner in which she flashed me caused her to lose her balance slightly and she fell into me. As she fell towards me she put both her hands on my arms to stop herself. Then she looked up into my face and said, "oops."

I thought she'd quickly move back but when she didn't I decided to take a chance and gave her a quick kiss on the lips. I'd fantasized it at least a hundred times just while she'd been sitting there so I had it deeply in my mind as something I really wanted to do. After the kiss I looked into her eyes for her reaction. I didn't get anything near any reaction I thought I would.

She got up and said, "follow me." I quickly got up and pulled the blanket around the stuff I'd brought with me except for the cooler which I grabbed separately. She walked back towards the dunes and when we got just a little way into them she simply said, "here."

I put my stuff down and she helped me spread the blanket back out. But before we could sit back down she wrapped her arms around me and gave me one long hot kiss. One kiss led to a second and a third. It was during that third kiss that I summoned up my courage and placed a hand on her full breast. She reacted immediately by breaking the kiss and swatting my hand away. I was certain she was mad but no.

"Naughty boy," she said with a bit of a grin. "No touching without permission." I was about to beg permission when she said, "now lie back and do as I say."

I lay back down on the blanket and looked up into her big brown eyes. She got down on all fours and moved over the top of me and said, "that's better." I looked from her eyes down to her marvelous breasts and then back up to her eyes. Denise moved down slightly so that her breasts just barely touched my stomach and then dragged them up my body until we were face-to-face again. Then, as her breasts continued to press into me she kissed me again. She saw me reaching up and said, "remember what I said, no touching."

I was all right with that and put my hands back to my sides. Denise was a fabulous kisser and several times she stopped kissing me on the mouth only to move to the side of my face and then to my ears and back to my mouth. I was incredibly turned on. Even though I didn't see her looked down that fact didn't escape her eyes and she said, "feeling pretty good huh?"

"Oh yeah," I replied in a dirty way.

Denise again dragged her breasts down over my body. She moved them all the way down to the tops of my thighs and then moved up slightly. She brushed her breasts over my hard cock several times before moving slowly back up my body. I didn't think such a thing could turn me on quite so much but it did and I thought I was going to explode right there in my bathing suit.

Then as she stared directly into my eyes Denise moved a hand down over my cock and as she clutched it she said, "What do you say we give him some air."

"Okay," I replied excitedly. Denise hadn't actually waited for me to respond as she had hooked her fingers into my bathing suit and as I lifted my hips she quickly pulled it off my body. She reminded me of a cat the way she moved down and then back up over my legs to my cock. She grabbed my cock with her hand and ran a finger over its tip playing with the pre-cum that lay there. Then very quickly she put her mouth over the tip of my cock, ran her tongue around it and pulled off it. As she did so she made a bit of a popping sound, her way of making a little fun of what she was doing.

"Not bad," she said with a smile. Again she lowered her body she her breasts just barely came into contact with my cock and then moved back up my body and kissed me. But this time as she kissed me she moved her hips so she ground them lightly against my hardness. It was maddening and I desperately wanted to take her right then and there but she had been very firm about not touching and I didn't want to do anything that would stop her so I stayed put.

Then, unexpectedly, she said down so her ass was right on top of my cock. As she looked me directly in the eyes she slowly unbuttoned her blouse and removed it. She then reached behind herself and unsnapped her bra letting it fall from her body. Her breasts were beautiful and even larger than I had thought. But they were also obviously very firm from the way the stood out from her body. The sag they had naturally in them was more than offset by their fullness and firmness.

Denise got back on her hands and knees and again moved her breasts up my body starting at my thighs, lingering over my cock where she took pains in having just her nipple touch my cock, first one nipple then the other. Then she continued to drag them up over my stomach and breast. I could now feel their weight on my body and it felt wonderful. She moved them all the way up to my face and there she quickly moved them from side to side over my face. I opened my mouth and stuck out my tongue catching one of her nipples as it passed over. She shuddered and said, "oh!" Then she grinned again and said, "be good."

I moaned, "how can you ask such a thing when you're doing that!"

"Because I know what you want and you'll do whatever I say to get it."

She had me. She was absolutely right. She stood up and in one move pushed her shorts and panties down and kicked them off. Her beautiful untrimmed pussy came into view. She squatted back down and then got back on all fours. She moved so her pussy ever so lightly touched the tip of my cock. Even so I could feel its heat and dampness. My mind yelled at me to thrust my hips upward and bury my cock into her waiting pussy. Not wanting to break her rules I held back, painfully so.

I was beginning to think Denise was some sort of a gymnast as she was able to hold her pussy right where it was and at the same time lower her head enough to kiss me. As our passionate kiss started she also was able to deftly move the crease of her pussy up and down the tip of my cock without ever allowing me to penetrate her. I honestly didn't think it would matter because I felt I was going to come regardless.

Then she moved up so she was kneeling with her legs straddling my face. As she lowered her pussy onto my face I licked it greedily. I smelled her scent first and then tasted it. Each was very light and extremely pleasant and of course both were a complete turn on for me. As I licked her pussy and sucked on her clit I heard her moan for the first time. I loved eating pussy and I tried hard to show her just how much I loved it. It didn't take long for her to start grinding her pussy into my face as she got more turned on. But just as I thought she was going to rise to her climax she stopped and moved back down and kissed me.

"So that's what I taste like," she said as she broke the kiss. "Not bad."

Denise was really good at looking me directly in the eyes while she did something else at the same time. She had moved her hips so her pussy was right over my extremely hard cock and then moved her pussy down so just the tip entered her. I was no sooner inside her that little bit when she quickly pulled away from me and then allowed just the tip of my cock to enter her once again. She did this several times before saying, "feels good doesn't it."

"Oh yeah!" I said enthusiastically.

Denise took my hands and placed them on her tits and said, "I think this is what you've been waiting to do." Actually it had become the second most important thing I wanted to do but she satisfied the first by lower herself slowly onto my cock as soon as my hands touched her tits. She had placed her hands on my shoulders as she very slowly lowered herself onto my cock and then raised herself back up again. She slowly increased the speed that she fucked me. I kneaded her breasts as she fucked me. Her nipples were large and hard and I could tell very sensitive as she shuddered when I lightly pinched them. Just as I thought I was going to explode inside her Denise rolled off me and onto her back and said, "fuck me!"

I scrambled between her legs and quickly pushed my cock into her pussy. I started fucking her as fast and as hard as I could. I could see her breasts jump up towards her face each time I slammed into her. She closed her eyes and started saying over and over again, "oh yeah oh yeah!"

The brief respite I'd had from moving beneath her to on top of her had given me a second wind and held me off from coming. But now it was obvious she was going to come. Feeling like it time to take over I said, "Oh Denise your pussy feels so good. I know you love feeling my cock in your hot cunt." The coarseness of my language only seemed to push her higher and I could suddenly feel her pussy grasp at my cock as she yelled, "I'm coming!"

I continued to slam my cock into her as hard as I could and yelped back, "I'm coming too!" I felt that marvelous surge of cum from my balls expanding through my cock and exploding into her pussy. I felt like I was gushing and it felt like she responded to that gushing too as she was thrusting her hips upward to meet my hips as the slammed into her.

As my orgasm subsided I continued to fuck her pussy trying to stay as hard as possible for as long as possible. I did it for a short while but I feel both the need and desire to roll over and take her into my arms. I did exactly that soaking in the delightful feeling of her lush naked body pressing into mine. We lay there silently for several minutes before she said, "so you really don't remember me."

This comment caught me totally off guard so I said, "I don't know what you mean."

"You don't remember me."

I shook my head no and said, "how could I?"

"Because we were best friends back in grade school and before."

Then it came flooding back to me. When we had gone through the schools and such things it hadn't occurred to me to go any further back than high school but as I went back just a little further I suddenly realized who she was.

"Holy shit!" Was the only thing I could say. The Denise I remember was gangly and a bit homely actually but she'd been a tomboy and a lot of fun. Besides which, was does a child care about looks? "So what happened to you?"

She explained how her father had sent her off to parochial school and then off to a good college prep school. Even though the parochial school was a short distance from my primary school the two groups seldom mixed. So it was at that time I lost contact with her. I had to admit that over the years I had wondered what had happened to her but I never expected to see her on that beach.

"I knew who you were when I walked by the first time but I was surprised, and just a little hurt, that you didn't recognize me."

"I'm sorry," I said heartfully.

"It's all right. I mean it's been close to 30 years since you've laid eyes on me so it wasn't reasonable for me to expect you'd remember me just like that."

"Yeah but you knew who I was." I said apologetically

"Well, I'm like that. So you think I turned out pretty good huh?"

"I'll say!"

We spent the rest of the day becoming reacquainted in between sessions of fabulous sex. We looked around several times to see if we were still alone and we never saw another soul on the beach that day.

I was shocked, to say the least and even though it was reasonable, when she brought up the Widow Porter who after all had lived almost across the street from her. That wasn't a story Denise heard that day but when she did it had quite the effect on our relationship.