 It was a gloomy day when the call had came in that you were moving on with your life. I asked you if I could see you one last time and you agreed. I went to your house later on that night not sure of what I was going to say or do. I did know that I needed to touch, taste and kiss you one last time. That same old lump in my throat was starting to act up again along with the tears that were forming in the corners of my eyes as I turned down this so familiar street. 

I went to the main door and buzzed your apartment; you let me in and I suddenly was having second thoughts but continued my journey slowly. I looked in your eyes and saw just as much sadness as I saw in mine as I stared in the mirror earlier. My hand reached out and stroked your face letting you know that it was all right. I had been hurt before but this was so different. I needed you one last time. I stepped closer to you so that our chests were touching. My nipples hardened. I took your face into my hands and brought your lips to mine kissing you tenderly, you opened your mouth allowing me in; I could feel the moisture starting to wet my panties. I moved my lips to you ear and whispered, " Make love to me one last time baby." You just unbuttoned my shirt and pulled my tits from their corral, freeing them at last. You nibbled, and licked them, as you never have before. I was trying to undress you but with your mouth at my breasts, it made it difficult. 

I decided to give up as I unzipped your pants I reached my hand into your pants and pulled out your soft penis. I thought to myself just how much I would miss that fine piece of machinery. You had removed your lips from my chest, and stepped back looking at me I dropped my skirt revealing a sheer pink g-string. I stepped closer to you and knelt down before you I swallowed and then kissed the head of your tool, opening my mouth I entered it inside moving my mouth until the whole shaft was in. I closed my lips around it and slowly pulled my lips back up to the tip then back down wanting to remember every inch. I began to move faster as my hand moved to your balls gently teasing them. I had your cock touching the back of my throat as my tongue moved around. You grabbed my hair and shoved my head down more but I didn't gag, I could see the muscles tightening in your legs and knew that you would be shooting your load down my throat soon. I wanted to taste your cum badly and taunted you finding your g-spot so that I was swallowing your cum after a few more strokes. 

As you pulled me up I was licking the rest of your cum off my lips. That is when you picked me up and carried me to the bed and laid me on my back, you removed my bra, planted a kiss on each breast and went to my panties. I had quite a noticeable wet spot now and as you pulled them down your thumbs brushed my clit sending a much-wanted exhilaration up my spine. You brought my panties to your nose inhaling the scent you have loved for so long. That is when you suddenly dropped them and parted my legs so that you could face dive into my pussy. Your tongued entered inside and moved around sending a moan from my mouth. Your tongue moved to my clit and flicked it fast causing louder moans to escape. It wouldn't be long before I offered you my juices. You knew that and began sucking my swollen clit. "Baby make me cum! " I begged. Your tongue continued working on my clit as your fingers found my pussy inserting them deep inside, making me squirm with delight. Your wet finger moved down to my asshole, and you gently inserted just the fingertip at first and then more I felt my body beginning to quiver as the power of my orgasm was taking over. " I'm Cummmmming baby", as I thrust my clit into your face more. "Ohhhhh baby", as I continued to pump my juices out of my body. You moved your face to my pussy licking up what you could, and that is when I was trying to pull you up to me but changed my mind and told you to get on your back. 

I hadn't ever seen your cock that hard before and wasted no time sliding my pussy down your pole. I pinned your wrists down with my hands, as I planted a kiss on your neck, and then began moving my hips. My tits were making circles of their own, brushing your chest as I rode your cock. I sat up and grabbed my tits bringing them to my mouth sucking my nipples, and pulling at them. I suddenly dropped them and swung around the other way so that my hand could fondle your nuts. I leaned forward so that my hands were on your knees as you grabbed my ass cheeks and gave one a little slap. 

"Ohhhh yesssss" came out of my mouth you lifted your head so that you could watch as my pussy sucked your cock. I was ready to cum but wanted to wait for you and that is when I could hear your moans becoming louder. I reached back once again grabbing your balls. I was egging you on wanting you to fill my pussy with wads of cum. I could feel your cock pull back as it was ready to shoot, and I let go leaving your dick in a waterfall of my juices OHHHH YESSSSS, I'm CUMMMMMING BABY. My pussy muscles making sure they sucked your dick dry, wanting to leave nothing behind. I turned myself around one last time placing my hands behind your head and resting my tits on your chest, I planted a long kiss on your lips.

Thank you baby, my voice crackling and tears running down my face. I told you that I loved you as I was getting dressed. As I was leaving I paused and looked back and said, "baby relationships come and go but memories always remain" and with that I left never turning back...