 This is my first attempt at writing an erotic story, and it may not be perfect ( in fact, I'm sure it isn't) but I enjoyed writing it, and hope you enjoy reading it.

* * * * *

It was a ordinary July day when I had my "encounter". It was hot and muggy, the humidity all but unbearable. As I did on many days during summer vacation, I went cycling. Today was no exception. I had gone into town by bike and purchased a new game for my Dreamcast console (being the video-game fanatic that I am) and was on my way home on my usual route. Until the last stretch home my ride had been uneventful. As usual, I was drenched in sweat from the waist up, my short brown hair in a tangled mess underneath my snug helmet. My legs were sore and tired after three hours of continuous exercise, not to mention the fact that my ass was so sore from the stupid bicycle seat that it may as well have fallen off twelve miles back. The sun bore brightly on my tanned skin, adding yet another shade to my caramel coloured tan. 

Just before the homestretch I came to my favourite part of the journey, a lovely little wilderness park nestled between a suburb and a busy highway. The thick, lush trees blocked the sunlight and shaded the well-worn gravel trail that wound through the park. I had only just entered the park, and was admiring the wonderful scenery around me. I wasn't paying attention to my driving (I never did, for that matter) as I drifted into daydream land, my thoughts fueled by the sweltering heat and burning sunlight. I didn't hear the distinct sound of gravel crunching underneath the deeply treaded tires of another mountain bike quickly coming towards me from the opposite direction. Apparently, the other cyclist was just as preoccupied as I was, as I heard no warning shout or reaction before it happened. I suddenly became aware of another person on the trail. By the time I happened to glance forward, it was too late. A flash of white and silver whizzed past in a blur, and something slammed into my chest, knocking my bike out from under me. I tumbled to the ground on my back, jamming my bookbag into my spine. My head struck the gravel hard, but thanks to my helmet I din't lose consciousness. My prescription sunglasses flew off my head with the impact, leaving me sore, disoriented and nearly blind on the ground . I laid there for a few moments, trying to gather my thoughts and figure out just what happened. Just then, a face appeared above me, scanning my features.

"Are you alright? Say something! Can you hear me? Please, God, say something..." A feminine voice pierced the quiet of the forest.

"It's alright, I'm fine. Calm down, Miss. You're scaring ME." I realised my glasses were missing and craned my neck around searching for them (not that I would see them) 

"Looking for these?" The woman reached to the right and plucked something off the ground. She handed the dark object to me and I fumbled around with them for a moment, realising they were my glasses. I slid them onto my face and was taken aback by what finally focused into view. The woman hovering above me was tall, slender and muscular, her tight lycra shorts accentuating her bulging thighs sitting atop her magnificent legs, a sure sign of a hardcore cyclist. She was wearing a tiny tank top that left her toned abdomen exposed, displaying a tiny silver belly button ring on her tanned skin. Her bulging breasts were barely contained by her white tank top, and her laced bra was clearly visible through the tight fabric. Her face was one of stunning beauty, with deep, piercing green eyes, firm cheeks and carefully trimmed eyebrows. Her long, silky brown hair hung down from underneath a shiny red bicycle helmet and partially obscured her face. I laid there, agape for a moment before she interrupted my examination. 

"Are you sure you're fine? You look a little strange." I was transfixed by her stunning beauty, and watched her red lips move as she spoke. 

"Uh, yeah, yes, yes I'm fine. Just a little dazed from the fall, that's all." I stammered, trying to seem nonchalant. She outstretched an arm and I placed my hand into hers. She pulled me off the ground and helped me to my feet. I brushed the dirt and grit off my clothes and slid off my bookbag, dropping it to the ground. I unbuckled my helemt and pried it off my head and shook my hair loose. I took a deep breath and rubbed my stiffened neck. After a few moments, I turned around and faced the mysterious woman. I caught her examining me as I stretched out my acheing muscles. She quickly averted her gaze to cover up, and I pretended not to notice so as not to embarass her. I noticed a small gash on her lower leg, out of which a small amount of blood was trickling out. 

"Looks like you got a little gash there, Miss. You aren't hurt, are you?" I tried to break the akward tension by pointing out her injury. 

"Oh, no. I'll be alright. It's just a little cut." My eyes met hers, and this time it was my turn to look away. They were so stunningly seductive, so deep and longing. 

"Here, let me have a look at it. Just to make sure you don't have something lodged in it" How romantic I must have seemed. Talking to a gorgeous woman about having things jammed into open wounds. I stepped towards her and kneeled down to look at the wound more closely. It looked alright to me, so I stood up in front of her. "I guess you're right. Looks okay to me. By the way, my name is Jason." I stretched out my arm and she shook my hand firmly.

"Nice to meet you, Jason. I'm Nikita, but everyone just calls me Nikki."She smiled warmly, exposing her pearly teeth. "Sorry about that, I really wasn't paying any attention to the trail." I noticed her bike lying next to mine on the ground.

"Oh don't be silly. It was entirely my fault. This wilderness can be distracting sometimes. Plus the fact that I'm as blind as a bat and deaf as a post." She smiled again, and I could feel something welling up inside me as I gazed into her eyes. My view drifted towards her chest, at her magnificient breasts. I shook my head and tried to control myself. "So, uh, do you cycle often, Nikita?" Obviously she did, as anyone could tell with one glance at her sculpted legs.

"You'd better believe it. I love bicycles. There's nothing like flying down the road with the wind whistling across your body with nothing but a steel frame separating you from the ashphalt." She was obviously trying to take her mind off something, and she looked nervous.

"I think you've got it to a tee, Nikita. I wouldn't describe it any other way. "

"Oh you're too kind. And you don't have to be so formal with the 'Nikita' business. Just call me Nikki." She seemed to be relaxing a bit. "Um, would you like to come back to my place to dust off and maybe have something to drink? You look pretty tired. I live just up at the other end of the park, if you'd like to take a break." My, she was getting awfully friendly, I thought to myself with an inner smile.

"You read my mind"Oops. That sounded a little desperate "I mean, I really would like to relax. I've been cycling all day." I walked over to my bike and lifted it off the ground. Nikki did the same, and she bent over to pick up my bookbag for me, giving me an eyeful of cleavage. She handed it to me as I pushed my helmet onto my head and tightened the straps. "Thanks."I said, as I tossed it over my shoulder "Lead the way." She mounted her bike and started pedalling ahead of me, and I followed suit. 

***

Nikki lived in a very respectable suburb just a few blocks away from the entrance to the park. Her house was a small, two story unit with a well groomed lawn and a brick face. A black Mercedes Benz SLK convertible was parked in her driveway, and I couldn't help but peek into the beautiful machine, being a Mercedes owner myself. We parked our bikes in her garage, which was filled with bicycle tools, accesories and lubricants neatly set up throughout a tiny workshop. She was obviously a fellow enthusiast, and I knew I had struck gold with this one. 

I followed her into the house, and the sweet smell of vanilla greeted me as I entered. The rooms were adorned with beautiful cultural art from around the world, particularily african tribal sculptures and masks. Rich wooden and leather furniture abound in her home, complementing her collection of art. I followed her into the kitchen, where she fired up a well-worn coffee maker. She sat down on a stool on one side of a counter that cut across the room, and I pulled up one on the other side and sat across from her. 

I glanced around at the surroundings slowly and finally broke the ice. "I love your art collection. I must known where you get these wonderful pieces." By now the coffee maker was gurgling loudly in the corner.

"Oh, I travel around from city to city, hunting down relics in anitque shops and relief organization stores. I just love the look of African tribal art. So primitive and yet so refined. Plus it's cheap and looks good on the walls." I laughed softly and and leaned forward onto the counter.

"So what does a woman like yourself do for a living? I'm sure you didn't nab a Mercedes like that from a cracker jack box." I could smell the sweet, pungent smell of her anti-perspirant mixed with the scent of her sweat. The odour was so arousing to me, and I could feel a hard lump forming in my shorts. I tried to supress my thoughts and continue with the conversation.

"Well, I'm a fitness instructor at the YMCA, but I have a few part time distractions." She smiled and leaned forward even further, sqeezing her arms tight against her breasts. "What about yourself?"

"I'm the manager of the local Electronics-Boutique. I might as well say that I'm a video-game fanatic." I felt slightly embarassed at my statement, the general perception of gaming being a sure sign of geekiness. 

"Really? I have a Playstation 2 myself. I like to kick back and play something violent after a long day." I glanced back into her living room and spotted her console sitting atop her television, surrounded by DVD cases. I couldn't believe that someone like her could be interested in video-games, of all things. 

She stood up and walked over to the coffee maker, withdrew the now filled pot and opened the cupboard. She plucked two ceramic mugs from the shelf and placed them onto the countertop, filling each with rich, black coffe. She replaced the pot and scooped up the mugs.

"Let's drink in the living room, it's much more comfortable." She motioned at one of the large leather sofas. "Take a seat. Would you like anything in your coffee?"She asked.

"No, I like my poison black. Any additives just prevent the caffeine from getting into my bloodstream." Again she smiled. Finally, someone who enjoyed my dry wit. I sank into the black couch and let out a deep sigh. The material was so soft, not to mention overstuffed. It was a welcome relief from a hard bicycle seat. She sat down next to me and handed me my mug. I blew over the surface and took a sip, the rich and sharp flavour catching me off guard. "My, this is damn good coffee. And you made this in one of those dreadful machines?"

"It's a Columbian dark blend. None of that supermarket stuff, I had this ground fresh." And she knew her coffee as well. Could this get any better? I looked around the room and spotted an open DVD case sitting next to her Playstation. It was a black case with a single white label stuck to it, reading "X-Citement Adult Videos". I remembered an adult video store in town of the same name, and turned to her.

"An adult movie? My, someone's a naughty girl."I grinned and took another sip of my coffee. She blushed heavily and tried to cover it up.

"Um, that was a gag gift from one of my friends." She fumbled with her coffee mug and became agitated. I placed my hand over hers.

"Hey, don't worry about it. There's nothing wrong with a little self indulgence. I would be lying if I said I hated pornography myself." She relaxed a little , but I decided not to push my luck. This coffee was getting me wired and loosening my tongue. I may as well have been drinking vodka. "I notice you don't have any pictures of men on any of your mantels. Doesn't a lovely girl like you have a boyfriend?" She chuckled and looked into my eyes.

"No, I'm afraid not, fortunately for you. Men always seem to be after my body and never take the time to get to know me. They don't care that I'm a fitness instructor, or that I have a degree in Philosphy, or that I enjoy cycling. They just want to get laid."She was getting angry, but she noticed my embarassed expression. "Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to put you down or anything. It's just that I have never had any good experiences with men. It's nothing personal" She pulled a little closer to me and set her mug on the coffee table. "You seem to be a really nice guy, Jason. You're not trying to seduce me with pick up lines or shameless flattery. You're just listening."

"That's what I'm here to do. I would be lying if I said I didn't find you drop-dead gorgeous, but I always respect women and TREAT them with respect. You seem like an intelligent, thoughful woman, and the last thing I want to do is make you feel like a dirt." She pulled even closer to me. 

"Oh, you're honest, too. I like that." I placed my coffee mug on the table and she began running her fingers through my temples. "I feel so comfortable talking to you, like I can just let my emotions out."

"That makes two of us."I wrapped my arm around her and she slid next to me on the couch. "Maybe we could meet for dinner, or maybe a movie sometime?" She pulled her legs onto the couch and kneeled over me.

"Oh, I think I can do one better than that."She moved her lips towards mine and gave me a quick tap. I dimply sat there, my mouth partially open. She broke the uneasy silence. "I'm sorry. I'm feeling a bit lonely. I'm moving too quickly." And I was feeling lucky then.

"No, no. It's alright."I pulled my legs onto the couch and slid them under her. She hovered over me with her legs spread apart and her face above mine. I wrapped my arms around her and pulled her close, locking our lips together. She closed her eyes and darted her tongue in and out of my mouth. I slid mine into hers, and we began kissing passionately. She began sighing and moaning softly as I worked my tongue around hers, wrapping her arms around me and pulling me closer. She broke away from me and kneeled over me again.

"Jason, I want you to make love to me. Now, here. I want you. Please take me!" I was astounded at her plea. She was obviously horny, and I was going to be her outlet (this is an EROTIC story, after all), . The lump in my shorts grew larger as she flattened herself onto me and began removing my sweaty T-shirt. My cock pressed against her thigh, and she moved her leg slightly to rub it through my shorts. I groaned and started pulling up her tank top over her head. She stretched her arms above her and allowed me to pull it off, exposing her bra which strained against her wonderful breasts. Not too fast now, Jason, I though to myself, let's show the lady a good time. I leaned forward and began kissing the side of her neck, casuing her to coo and groan with delight. I began working my way down, licking her soft skin and rubbing her back with my hands at the same time. I moved down to her shoulders, when to her chest and along the top of her breasts. I carefully unclasped her bra from behind and she lifted herself, allowing me to remove it. Her huge breasts slid out of the lace fabric onto my chest. They were round and plump, topped with dark pink nipples that were quickly growing stiff. I leaned further forward and began licking and sucking those beautiful nipples, gently at first, then proceeding to nibbling and gently biting them. She became more and more vocal, moaning and sighing as I worked my tongue across them. I could feel them getting harder under my tongue, and once they were fully erect, I began working my way down. Nikita lifted herself and turned, laying herself on the couch. I got up and laid down on top of her, as she had done, and started licking and massaging her toned abdomen. I played with her belly button ring with my tongue, to which she giggled and began working away at my pants. I stopped her.

"Ah ah ah. I'm not done with you yet my dear. You must be patient." I smiled and slid my hands into her bicycle shorts, carefully inching them down her muscular legs. As I removed them, the strong odour of her cunt juices filled my nostrils and further aroused my cock, now near the bursting point in my tight lycra shorts. I could feel my sensitive head rubbing against her shapely legs, and again she was shifting her thigh to stroke my stiff meat. Precum was soaking through my thin boxers and staining the black fabric, further increasing the stimulation as she rubbed my crotch. I wanted nothing more than to rip off my shorts and fuck her senseless, but I wanted to make sure she had fun, too. She settled on removing my shirt and stroking my back as I began working away at her crotch. She was wearing a pair of mniscule white G-string panties, soaked through with her delicious liquids. She was certainly aroused, so I must have been doing something right. I slid down and bit onto the side of her panties, and slowly pulled them down. Her smell was stronger than ever, tempting me, beckoning for me to give it to her. I removed them and tossed them aside, taking a moment to take in the beauty of her delectable pussy. She had it completely shaven, and she had done it recently, because her skin was silky smooth, without a trace of stubble. She spread her legs apart to allow me access, placing one leg over the top of the couch , and propping the other one on the glass coffee table. We were still wearing our sneakers, but it meant nothing to us now. She reached down with one arm, spreading her cunt wide with two fingers. I took the hint and lowered myself between her legs. I inserted a finger into the glistening pink mass, slowly working it up and down to open her delicate flower. She moaned and gasped in delight and began slowly convulsing as I entered her with my finger. I then inserted a second, followed by a third, by now she was screaming and shaking, thrusting her hips forward and burying my face in her pussy as I worked my way around. Then it was time for the coup-de-gras. I located her clitoris and began to slowly lick it up and down, inspiring even more reactions from my partner. She wrapped her legs around my head and pulled me into her crotch, thrusting her hips forward again and nearly drowning me in her juices. I continued to lick her clit.

"Yessss, YES! Keep going, ohhhh FUCK! For Christ's sake don't stop! I'm goiiiinng to CUUUUUMMMM!!!........" She was screaming and shaking as I worked away at her delicate bud. She began to contract and shiver, squeezing the life out of me with her powerful legs. My face was now covered with her liquids, and I savoured every drop. I love the taste of female arousal, and nothing pleased me more than being able to eat out a gorgeous cunt. Soon she lost control. "YEEEEEESSSSSSS!!! OHHH MYYYY GODDD!!! JASON, GIVE IT TO ME!!!" She shook and bounced on the couch, throwing her hands back through her hair. Her juices splattered across my face as she went through a powerful orgasm. She soon began to relax and sink into the soft leather of the sofa. I finally worked my way out of her leg lock and slid across her shivering body, reaching her head. I leaned down and kissed her passionately, my face still dripping with her fluids. She began to lick them off my face to my delight, and I simply closed my eyes and enjoyed feeling her tongue run across my face. I then remembered I was still weaing my shorts, so I sat up and pulled them off, along with my boxers. My cock sprang out with such force that it flung precum across Nikita's stomach. She smiled at the sight of my above-average 7 " penis and raised her arm to stroke it. She grabbed my veiny member and pumped my shaft several times, sending waves of pleasure through my body, before she lifted herself up off the couch and turned over, kneeling in front of me on her hands and knees. She lifted her head into the air and arched her back, thrusting her fantastic ass in the air towards me.
