 The drive back to the restaurant was a slow, cautious one after the night in the snow bank. They both agreed it was amazing that neither of them were hurt or suffered from the cold. As she went over the events in her mind, her face began to blanch, and then became suffused with color.

She savored the memory his touch and his taste, and when he glanced over at her, the blush on her cheeks quickly spread to her hairline. When she met his eyes, he knew exactly what she was thinking about and his own body reacted to pictures in his mind’s eye.

Shaking his head, he firmly put his mind back on his driving, ever mindful that the danger was still at hand, and she was still his responsibility.

The trooper led the way in his SUV, and he followed the SUV’s tracks to stay on the road. It was snowing again, lightly for now, but the promise of heavier snow was very much present. He was concentrating on the drive, and she was concentrating on him.

As she stared at his profile, she again thought about the night before, stuck in that snow bank. It had been a dangerous situation, but she never really felt threatened. She knew he would take care of her, and he had. He spent the night watching over her, keeping her warm and safe. She looked at his hands on the steering wheel, guiding the truck with confidence and experience, and thought of how those same hands had caressed her last night, so very gently and lovingly. His lips, now pursed in concentration, had kissed her and tasted her skin, until she had let go of her feelings and reveled in the sensations he was building in her. 

She knew in that instant that snowstorms were now her most favorite weather phenomenon.  She would never be able to look at snow the same again, not without thinking of last night. Just the thought warmed her all over, all over again.  

He held tightly onto the steering wheel and tried to concentrate on the road. It was increasingly hard to do, as he felt her eyes on him. His mind wandered back to last night, to the silence and cold that had enveloped them as they tried to stay warm. He recalled the smell of her hair, the softness of her skin, and the taste of her lips. He had to drag his thoughts back to the road, before they turned to the feelings of her hand and mouth on him, because he was reacting to his thoughts just as he had to her last night. The blush caused by his thoughts slowly crept up his neck to his face, and she wondered just what he might be thinking, knowing full well that his thoughts followed the same path her’s had taken. 

He startled her when he began to speak, “I am sorry about last night” he said. “I didn’t….”  and then stopped speaking when she laid her hand on his arm. 

“Please, if you are going to apologize for getting stuck, don’t. It wasn’t your fault.” Then taking a deep breath, she continued; “If you are going to apologize for what happened in the back seat, DON”T YOU DARE!!!”  

He quickly turned his head to look at her, and decided against apologizing for anything, because of the look on her face. It was at once excited and hurt, almost sad, and yet so beautiful, that he almost bit his tongue to keep from uttering anything that would cause that look again. 

She took another deep breath, and tried to explain it to him. He really did look confused!  “I am a grown woman, perfectly capable of making decisions for myself. I was with you last night because I wanted to be. Damn the storm! I have no regrets about how I feel about you or when I am with you.” As she stopped to take another deep breath, his face melted into a smile that took that breath away. “I wouldn’t change a thing about last night” she said in a small voice, “except maybe for the temperature. A few degrees warmer would have been nice.”

The sound of his laughter filled the truck when he threw his head back, delighted with her proclamation. This was going better then he had ever dared to imagine! He turned to look at her, and watched the expression on her face change from embarrassment to relief to happiness. Suddenly, it was as if the sun had appeared from behind the snow clouds, and was shining in her eyes.

As they reached the restaurant where they met last night, they realized they hadn’t gone as far as they thought. He waved to the trooper, saluting him as thanks for the help. As the trooper drove off, their eyes scanned the parking lot. They spotted a large mound of snow and knew her car was buried under it. It would take a lot of digging and melting to even find the roof and wheels!

He parked the truck and climbed out. He trudged his way around to the passenger side door and had to break the ice around the handle to open it. Giving her his hand, he helped her down, sliding his arm around her waist to help her keep her balance. When she was steady on her feet, he took her hand and led her back through his tracks around the front of the truck, then proceeded to forge through the mounds of snow to the front door. The snow was pristine white, untouched by man, and it was a shame to mar the silent beauty of it, but they couldn’t just stand outside!

As he opened the door and let her pass in front of him, the wonderful smells of breakfast reached his nose. The aroma of fresh brewed coffee and the smell of bacon, eggs and biscuits and gravy were almost more then he could bear. The waitress looked up and smiled at them, beckoning them with her head to come on in. As they took off their coats and sat down in the same booth as last night, she approached them with the coffee pot in one hand, and two breakfast plates in the other. 

While they ate hungrily, she stood by with the coffee pot, ready to refill the cups as soon as they were half empty. He finally asked her how she knew they were coming back and she explained. “The weather can turn really fast around here. Since we are in the middle, between the big cities, the troopers use our place as a staging area when it gets bad. I have a scanner in the back, so I heard when Sam called the station to report he found you. He said he was bringing you here, so I started cooking!”

Breakfast never tasted so good! The coffee flowed freely and it didn’t take long until they were both satisfied and warm down to their toes. They looked at each other, waiting for the waitress to clear the table, before trying to discuss what was to be done next. 

He held her hands and said solemnly, “We will never get your car out of the parking lot. Even if we could dig it out, I don’t think it would start without a jump. It may be several days before you can drive it home.”

“I have never been one to fret over what I can’t change,” she said, “so I am not going to start worrying about that just now. What I do want to know is where we are going to sleep until this snow lets up. I didn’t bring any extra clothes, because this wasn’t planned as an overnight date.”  

The waitress returned with the coffee pot in time to hear the last part of the conversation. “I don’t mean to interrupt, but I have a couple of spare rooms out back. This used to be a small roadside motel, before the owner shut it down. It isn’t fancy, but it is warm and clean. I keep it that way, just in case. I will be happy to make up a room for you, if that’s ok?”

The relief in their eyes was enough of an answer for her. “You just sit tight for a few more minutes, and I’ll get a room ready.” When she saw the blush creeping up her neck, the waitress leaned over and said, “I’ll get two rooms ready, and you can take your pick, ok?” 

Smiling shyly, she said “Thank you, for everything. We would really be out in the cold without you!” and glancing at her name tag, added “Dora.”

Dora said “Don’t mention it!” and laughed as she walked toward the kitchen and the back door. Seeing the looks passing between the two at the table had warmed her heart, and she was glad she could help.

He took her hands again, and started to apologize, but had second thoughts about it. Instead he said, “If I have to be stranded somewhere, I am glad I am stranded with you.” The look in his eyes was so sincere that she blushed again, and squeezed his hands. She said, quietly “I never thought I would say this, but I am enjoying being stranded, because of you. This has been quite an adventure!” The look in her eyes told him it wasn’t over yet, either!

Just as he had when they first met, he raised her hand and kissed her palm, pressing her hand against his cheek. Tilting her head slightly, she gave him that Mona Lisa smile and his heart melted again. 

Dora returned a few minutes later, and found them sitting on the same side of the booth, his arm around her and her head resting on his shoulder. She was almost asleep, and he gently roused her enough to put her coat on and walk to the back door. Dora led them to one of the rooms in the little motel, opened the door for them, and he escorted her in. He took her coat off and laid it on the chair by the door, sat her on the edge of the bed and took her boots off. Reaching behind her, he pulled the bedspread back and helped her into bed. He snugged the blanket up around her neck and leaned down, kissing her forehead.  She sighed, and snuggled down into the comfortable bed, falling asleep almost immediately.

He stood and watched her for a few minutes, to make sure she was all right. He felt an overwhelming sense of tenderness wash over him, something he had not felt in many years. He was grateful for the feelings she was arousing in him, thankful that she was melting his heart after so many years. He was actually feeling very happy, snowbound in the middle of nowhere.

Dora had handed him two keys when she left, one for this room and one for next door. There was also a door connecting the two rooms, and he made sure it was unlocked from this side before he left. He closed the door quietly and trudged through to snow to the next room. Opening the door, he looked around. He hadn’t had time in the other room, but he noticed some details in this one. 

As Dora had said, it was clean and warm. The sheets were fresh; the towels were clean and smelled great. He opened the connecting door a crack, just to check on her. She was sleeping soundly, exhausted from the long night in the cold. He closed the door silently, and looked across the room. The bed looked so inviting; he had to lie down for just a few minutes……

When he opened his eyes, it was almost dark in the room. Glancing at his watch, he realized he had slept for hours, needing the sleep as much as she did. Before he turned the lamp on, he laid his head back on the pillow and thought of the beautiful woman next door. He let his mind wander; her hair, her eyes, the feel of her skin. He could still taste her on his lips and he closed his eyes to savor that sweet taste as he licked his lips. His thoughts were taking him somewhere he wasn’t sure she was ready to go yet, so he sat up on the bed and reached for the lamp. 

His eyes became accustomed to the light slowly, as he blinked from the brightness. He looked around the room again, taking in the rest of the details he missed when he first entered. There were silk flowers on the dresser, an obvious concession to the winter weather, but a nice touch just he same. There was a small TV hanging from the ceiling, but it wasn’t plugged in. The remote was on the bedside table, in a holder that was screwed down. 

He got up from the bed and crossed to the connecting door once more. He pushed it open and found himself looking at an empty bed. He was startled at first, and pushed the door open farther. He was relieved to see the bathroom light on and he could hear her humming through the bathroom door. He heard water splashing and assumed she was taking a bath. The picture in his mind was a tantalizing one and he backed out of the room before he could get caught. He didn’t want her to think he was spying on her.


In the tub, she was surrounded by bubbles. Dora had left a basket of bubble bath, soaps and shampoo on the counter for her. Her red hair was piled on top her head and she was reclining against a rolled up towel under her neck. She raised her leg and watched the water and bubbles run down from her foot. She felt wonderful! Her nap had refreshed her more then she expected, and now she was totally relaxed and happy. 

Her mind flashed to the man next door. When she woke up, she set about exploring her room. She discovered the connecting door and had turned the knob to find it unlocked. He was stretched out on the bed, his shirt untucked and rumpled, his belt hanging from a hanger on the coat rack. His hat was in the chair and his boots kicked half under the bed. He had obviously been as tired as she was!

Returning to her own room, she closed the door quietly and headed for the bathroom. Dora had left her a robe to put on, with instruction to take a hot bath and relax while her clothes were washed. She left them in the basket by the door, and Dora picked them up and took them to the main house. 

The water began to cool and her bubbles were disappearing fast. She stood up in the tub and reached for one of the big fluffy towels left for her. She slowly dried herself off, loving the feel of the soft towel on her skin, and the lovely smell it was wrapping around her. She heard the water come on next door, and knew he was up too. A plan began to formulate as she let her hair down and she quickly finished in the bathroom. She donned the robe to keep warm and headed for the connecting door. 

He was singing in the shower when she entered the room and she stopped to listen for a minute. He wasn’t bad but he certainly wasn’t the next American Idol!! His choice of songs caught her attention and she smiled. He was singing “I Can Love You Like That”, or at least attempting to, and she took it to be a sign. She jumped on the bed, grabbed the remote and turned the TV on. She turned the lamp off and the volume down on the TV. The effect was subdued lighting without sound and was almost romantic.

She remembered some candles that Dora had included in the basket for her and ran to get them. She lit one and put it on the dresser; the other went on the table next to the bed. The fragrance wafted through the room and added to the ambience. She was quite pleased with the over all affect. 

She heard him stop singing and turn the water off. Quickly, she arranged herself on the bed, the remote in hand and turned the sound up just a little. She was completely covered by the robe, and her hair was spread out over the pillows. The whole arrangement made a very fetching picture.

Tying the towel around his waist, he opened the bathroom door. He was surprised to find the lights off and it took a moment for his eyes to adjust to the dark. He stopped short when he saw the TV on, then noticed the candles burning with soft flames. His eyes traveled around the room, coming to rest on her, reclining on the bed. His eyes lit up and a slow smile spread across his face.

She returned the slow smile as she watched the bulge growing under the towel. He didn’t try to hide his reaction to seeing her there, although he did blush a little. She patted the bed beside her and he moved to sit next to her. Their eyes locked and the sparks began to fly. She sat up and leaned toward him, her gaze never shifting from his eyes. She gently pressed her lips to his and watched his eyes close as he wrapped his arms around her. The gently kiss seemed to last forever but was over too soon. 

He stood up and, taking her hands, raised her to her knees on the bed. When she was steady, he took her face in his hands and kissed her again. He tasted her lips, tracing their outline with his tongue before sliding it into her mouth. She leaned into him, wrapping her arms around his waist and sucked his tongue softly. He moaned and put his right arm around her, crushing her to his chest. With his left hand moving to the back of her head and his right arm around her, he lowered her onto the bed. 

His kisses were like magic and she couldn’t get enough of them. What started out gently soon became filled with passion. He kissed her eyes, the tip of her nose, her forehead then her mouth again as his body took over. He kissed her ear and down her neck as her hands roamed over his back, the muscles rippling under her fingers as he moved. He kissed the pulse above her collar bone after pushing the robe out of the way. His tongue and lips felt like fire on her skin and she was melting.

Her robe was still tied and it resisted being pushed out of the way. It became a treasure hunt; his hand pulling at the shoulder of the robe while his lips and tongue sought the treasure beneath. When the robe finally relented, she arched her back and his hand cupped her breast, bring it to his lips. His tongue circled her nipple before he closed his lips over it and she moaned softly. He swirled his tongue around the nipple in his mouth, savoring the taste and feel of her skin. Her fingers curled in his hair, holding his head to her; the other hand moved down his arm and covered the hand cupping her flesh. 

He raised his head and looked down at her. The site before him was magnificent. Her breasts were heaving, as she took shallow breaths. Her skin was pink from his beard rubbing against it and her nipple was peaked, begging for more. He could not remember when he had been so aroused or wanted a woman so much. Yet he felt a tenderness for her that almost scared him. He was hesitant to continue; he didn’t want to take advantage of her if this was not what she wanted. This was a totally new feeling for him and he was not quite sure what to do next.

She saw the look in his eyes and answered the question for him. She reached down between them and covered his ridged manhood with her hand. She rubbed him up and down over the towel and pulled his head back up to kiss his lips again. She licked his lips with the tip of her tongue and slipped it into his mouth. The hesitation he felt vanished as he gathered her into his arms again, throwing one leg over hers. She used the hand between them to untie the towel, remove it and drop it to the floor.  She then untied her robe and let it fall open. 

He grabbed the cuff of the sleeve and held it as she pulled her arm out. He dropped the sleeve and ran his hand down over her hip and thigh. He marveled at the softness of her skin, the rounded curves and muscles. She threw her arm around his shoulder with enough momentum to push him to his back with her on top of him. She shook off the other arm of the robe and let it drop.  He felt the weight of her breasts on his chest, her nipples poking into his flesh. She kissed him; very slowly but thoroughly, then pushed herself up on her arms and pulled her knees up on either side of him. Her hair was hanging over his face and chest as she rose, tickling him and hiding her face. 

He stared at her. She took his breath away. With great deliberance, he reached up with both hands and covered her breasts, taking the bulk of the weight in his palms and his fingers splayed over the top. He kneaded them gently as she arched her back and leaned into his hands.  She was sitting on his lap, with his manhood poking up between them, as he lay there. With one heave, he sat up and buried his face between her breasts, kissing first one, then the other, sucking and swirling them with his tongue, each in turn.  She ran her fingers through his hair, then down over his shoulders, holding on to them so she could throw her head back without falling. 

She reached between them and wrapped her fingers around his swollen rod, feeling the moisture seeping from the tip. She slid her hand up and down several times, ran her fingertip over the tip, then brought it to her lips. Looking him in the eyes, she licked her finger and sighed, sending him over the edge. In one swift movement, he turned her over, back down on the bed, still between her legs. She wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled him down on top of her, kissing him passionately. He felt her pull her knees up and found himself poised for ecstasy.  He did not hesitate this time, but thrust into her, burying himself inside her with one push. She locked her legs around him, and held him there, then slowly rotated her hips against him. He began a steady, slow thrust into her, each thrust bringing him closer to exploding. As his passion accelerated, his pace quickened into short hard thrusts. He looked at her face, watched the expressions change and knew she was on the verge of an orgasm. He controlled himself until he felt her muscles tighten around him, and when her breath caught and she moaned, he let himself go. 
