 I'm not so coordinated at fence climbing, but thankfully he'd cracked the gate so slipping through a small opening was much easier. True to his word, he'd left the back door unlocked too, so it was nothing to creep through the quiet yard, twist the doorknob slowly, and slip inside the dark house. 

I'd never been here, but he'd told me to walk through the kitchen and then take a right, that I couldn't miss the bedroom because the only other door led to the bathroom. Stepping carefully across the linoleum floor, doing my best to tread lightly lest I hit a squeaky floorboard, I made my way out of the kitchen. Glancing through the doorway, I glimpsed the shadowy living room. Veering right, I followed the short hallway to a door that was cracked open. Holding my breath, I peered through the opening carefully. 

To the right of the door, I saw a bed mounded with blankets. A dark mop of hair rested atop a pillow closest to the wall, and the side of the bed closest to the door lay empty, covers thrown back. Pushing the door further open, I stepped into the room. Still not daring to breathe, I slowly dropped my bag to the floor and began slipping off my shoes. Once I stood barefoot, I padded to the edge of the bed. I shed my oversize sweater and pushed the straps of my slipdress off my shoulders, letting the thin fabric pool around my feet. 

Breathing out slowly between pursed lips, I crawled onto the bed. Leaning over the figure lying prone, I whispered a little prayer it was him and not his girl. Not that I'd mistake that hair, but it's better to be safe than sorry. 

His long eyelashes lay on his cheeks, casting shadows down them. His full lips were tilted up with a slight smile. He was on his side, back to me, with his hands under the pillow beneath his head. Breathing a sigh of relief, I gently slid into the covers behind him, pulling them up and over my shoulders as I fit my body as close to his as I could. I was here... it didn't matter if he woke up... that was kinda the whole point anyway... wrapping my left arm around his waist, I pressed as much of myself against him as I could. 

Grabbing onto my left hand with his, he began to roll onto his back. Rubbing his eyes with his right hand, he shifted his gaze to look at me. His full lips twisted into a wide smile as he realized it was me and not her. 

"I could smell you before I felt you. Cinnamon and clove," he mumbled sleepily. 

"You smell like sleep," I whispered as I nuzzled his neck. 

Adjusting positions, he wrapped his left arm around me as I curled into his side. His hand idly traced the line of my back and curled around my hip. 

"Hmmmm.... you have nothing on," he said as he lifted the sheet to glance down the line of our bodies. I'd already felt that he didn't either, but I looked, too, to confirm it. 

"Nor do you." I smiled. 

His hand traveled up and down my back and around my hip while we lay there quietly, savoring the moment, stolen as it was. 

I looked at him and laid a gentle kiss at the corner of his mouth, noticing his eyes were once again closed. I knew he wasn't asleep since his hand was still roaming along my back and hip, but if it hadn't been, I would've thought he'd fallen back to sleep. Opening his eyes slowly, he looked down to meet my gaze. Smiling again, he leaned his head down to kiss me gently. The press of his lips to mine sent chills racing down my spine. His lips were so warm and soft. 

I couldn't stop myself from licking his lips in an invitation for more active exploration. Taking my cue, he cupped my face with his right hand and shifted to lean toward me more, his lips slanting against mine more fully. His tongue slid between my lips and we began a slow and almost lazy dance of tongue and lips. I nipped at his bottom lip, gently pulling it with my teeth before releasing it and licking at where I'd bit. His moan set my blood to racing through my veins. 

Sensing my body's reaction, he rested his hand on my chest, right at my heart, and felt it thumping wildly. Pushing me back, he moved me to lay flat on my back. Leaning over me, he rested his head where his hand was. Time felt suspended as he listened to my heart slow to a normal beat. When it had settled, he shifted to kiss me again, while also sliding a hand down the length of my torso. His hand slid down my rib cage, across my waist, grazing my hip before beginning to slide lower down my leg. Tracing his finger up the inside of my thigh, he slid his hand between my legs. I spread my legs to give him more room to feel me. Taking it as the invitation it was, he pressed his palm against me, feeling the heat and wetness he was causing with every kiss and touch. 

My senses were confused trying to focus on both his mouth and his hand. Clutching at his shoulders, I whimpered. I wanted more, so much more, but didn't have the words to articulate my need. Bucking my hips a little, I tried to spur him to move his hand and not just press against me. 

Knowing what I was trying to accomplish, he tsked at me, "be patient, cutie pie," he chuckled as he slid his hand back down my leg. Having broken the kiss, he sat up. I watched as his eyes raked along my body. I couldn't interpret the look on his face, so I asked, "What are you thinking?" 

Meeting my gaze and holding it for a long minute, he said nothing. Keeping his eyes locked on mine, he shoved the blankets toward the foot of the bed with his feet while pulling my feet further apart so he could kneel between them. I was just about to ask again when he bent down to kiss my left thigh. He rested his head on my leg and looked up the line of my body at me. "I'm thinking how much I want to taste you. How it's been so long since I've had you in my bed, naked, wet, and panting with desire for me." 

I swear I tried to keep my eyes from rolling into the back of my head so I could watch him lean forward to lick a wet line in the crease between my pussy and thigh. It was involuntary. He licked along the other crease, making me squirm. "Stop squirming..." he growled against my thigh. "I ... can't..." I gasped as he continued to lick so close, so close... 

Sliding both of his arms under my thighs, he grabbed my hips with a bruising grip. "You can and you will." He whispered before diving into the center of me. 

His lips and tongue made a meal of me, making an already wet situation that much wetter and hotter. Bucking against his face, I tried to grind myself into him, only for him to nip at my clit, forcing me to settle down or risk unenjoyable pain rather than the punishing pleasure he was raining on me. Trusting me to stay as still as I could, he moved one of his hands to slide two fingers into me, making me shudder to feel part of him inside of me. He'd always known how to undo me. 

He took his time making love to me with his mouth and hands, and after making me cum he slowed the motions of his mouth to smile up at me. I was panting and sweaty from need, but I met his gaze. "Holy fuck." I breathed. 

"Indeed..." He smirked. Sitting back up on his knees, he grabbed one of my hands to pull me to a sitting position. 

"Uhm... not sure I can sit upright right now," I laughed as I slid bonelessly back to the bed. Pulling at my hand again, he wrapped an arm around my back and hauled me to my knees in front of him. He wound a hand in my hair, tilted my head back, and kissed me mercilessly. I could taste myself all over his mouth and the scent of sleep and sex wafted off his skin.

I ate at his mouth, trying to swallow every small sound he made as he did to my mouth what he'd just done to my pussy. My knees were shaking, so I wrapped my arms up and around his shoulders to steady myself and get as much of me touching as much of him. All down the line of my body, I could feel his skin, always so much warmer feeling than mine. It'd been so long since I'd made out with anyone like this, I felt clumsy and awkward, but I pressed my breasts to his chest, my stomach to his, and between our hips, I could feel the length of him trapped between us. Shifting my hips back, I straddled his legs, pushing him off of his knees and onto his ass. 

He sat with me in his lap, never letting go of his grip in my hair or around my waist, never breaking the kiss that was burning me alive with passion and need. I could feel his heartbeat everywhere, or maybe it was mine? I couldn't really tell... all I know was something was missing. Sliding my hips back again, I slipped a hand between us and grasped him. His breath caught in his throat as I stroked him gently. Lining him up at my entrance, I slowly danced my way onto his length until he was buried inside of me as deep as he could be. Only then did he break the kiss and look at me. 

Resting his forehead against mine, he stared into my eyes and mine blurred. With shaking hands, he cupped my face tenderly. We didn't move; we barely breathed... we just felt our heartbeats against each other, feeling inside and out whatever it was between us that was happening. Gently, so gently, he kissed me. Tongue against tongue, in a broken language, telling each other how much we wanted each other. Slowly, so slowly, he broke the kiss and lay back on the bed. He lifted his hips to move us to the center of the bed and then lay still letting me know the rhythm was mine to call. 

Rising up on my knees, I let him almost slide out of me, before settling back down on him. I repeated this, excruciatingly slowly, until he blew his breath out in frustration. "Please..." he rasped. 

"Please, what?" I smiled down at him as I slid back up his length. Hovering above him with just the tip of him inside of me, I watched him struggle for words. With a quick grace I will always envy, he wrapped an arm around me and switched our position, him on top. He ground his hips down, pushing himself further into me. Pushing his upper body off of mine, he looked at me intently. I smirked up at him, knowing he was going to set a punishing pace. I couldn't wait. 

He leaned down to kiss me and then was off and running... his body pounded into mine with that heavy sound of serious fucking. He rolled his hips with each thrust, creating friction on my clit and hitting so close to my cervix that I was dancing on the edge of orgasm in no time. Reminding myself that he wasn't mine to mark, I kept my hands fisted in the bedsheets. He alternated between kissing me roughly on the lips and throwing his head back with abandon as he focused on the rhythm. I could feel him losing control only for him to slow down and go still, kissing me intently. It seemed he wanted to prolong this moment just as much as I did... 

I struggled to keep my eyes open to watch him work... he was so fucking hot with his hair swinging in his eyes, sweat dripping down his collarbone, full lips pulled back in a victorious smile... I wanted to engrave this in my memory so I could pull this moment out when I was lonely and aching for him again. I could feel his pace becoming erratic as he dropped all of his weight on me and kissed me hard one more time, between his mouth and his dick I couldn't hold back the orgasm that was building, and just as I rode the crest, I felt him pull out. 

I watched his face curiously and breathlessly as he stroked himself with one and hand steadied himself on the bed with the other. He came in his own hand, small drops fell on my hip. I felt the warmth of him while watching his eyes open and close rapidly. He dropped onto his side next to me, wrapping an arm around my waist and tangling his legs with mine. We lay there a moment catching our breath before he grabbed a shirt near the bed to wipe us both off. 

"I missed that." He whispered in my ear. 

"Me, too," I sighed. 

As the silence stretched between us and I began to notice the room around us, I felt him watching me. Some things I recognized from when we were together; other things were new to me and threw me off balance.

"Hey," he whispered, using a finger to shift my face toward him.

"Hey, back," I whispered. 

"Don't... " 

"I'm not..." I sighed. 

"You are." he sat up next to me and grabbed one of my hands in both of his. We made serious eye contact as I sat up too, facing him. 

Dropping my head, I whispered, "I am," and glanced around meaningfully. "How can I not? You're not mine." 

Pushing me back onto the bed, he crawled on top of me. Heart to heart, chest to chest, stomach to stomach, hip to hip, I could feel both of our heartbeats pounding against each other like they wanted to rip free and beat together. He kissed me hard enough to bruise my lips, and I whimpered inarticulate pleas to keep him at it. He entangled as much of himself with as much as me as he could manage and still allow us both to breathe, and it still wasn't enough. 

Wrapping my legs around his hips, I tilted my hips up and with little effort, he slid back inside of me. We rocked together gently, finding a less punishing rhythm this time around, savoring the touch and taste of each other as much as we could. The movement was slower but no less intense. 

He broke our kiss to whisper in my ear all manner of heartbreaking confessions that I can't bear to repeat... and it was his final whisper "I love you," that pushed me over the edge into another orgasm, shattering me all over again. He slid out from between my legs just as he was about to cum, and the silence was broken with our panting again. 

Hours later, when I crept out the front door, we'd done this dance at least three more times, and each time was both easier and harder. I left with his scent all over me and his whispers of love keeping me warm while I went back to an empty house.