 Waking to the warmth of Jamie's naked body wrapped around him was becoming a habit. But an unbelievably pleasant one, Clark decided smiling as he gently brushed back her long, blonde silky hair to get a look at her face, still deep asleep in dream land. And god, she was beautiful. Insanely long lashes resting on those high cheekbones, skin so perfectly smooth and pale, and with the prettiest pink lips, that were utterly irresistible. 

And now he had to decide what to do to keep her. 

Gently pressing his lips to hers, he smiled at her sexy little whimper, and the way her long smooth leg instinctively wrapped around him, her hot little pussy already damp on his thigh, as though even asleep, she wanted him, too. Reaching between them, he ran his hand teasingly along her folds, spreading her open so he could push the tip of his finger inside her, slowly working it in and out, he smiled as her soft little mewls turned to moans, rocking her sex against his hand, her lips sought his, as she reached up and stroked her hand over his stubbled cheek, murmuring contentedly against his mouth, "Mmm, I just love waking up with you." 

Although he'd come to realize that he just plain loved her, waking with her hot little body ready and willing in his arms was like icing on an already pretty damned delectable cake. His thick heavy morning wood aching to fill her, Clark cupped her sweet ass giving it a squeeze, and reaching lower, he lifted her thigh over his hip till she was spread open nice and wide, just the way he wanted her. 

And just from the incredible sensation of pushing his cock inside her, his eyes actually rolled back in his head. There was no denying it. Nothing had ever felt this good. Surrounded in all that tight heat, her inner muscles clenching as he flexed his hips and filled her - damn, it was like the best thing he'd ever felt. But the tightness in his chest as he gazed at her looking all flushed and so damn sexy, told him this wasn't just sex anymore with her, somehow things had changed between them, and it had become so much more. 

And the feel of her hot little tongue trailing a path up his neck to his ear, had him groaning. Fuck. Talk about paradise. He'd definitely found it with her. Sliding his cock into her slick little pussy was like slipping into heaven. Insanely tight and hot, it always felt so amazing with her - every fucking time. 

Rubbing a teasing little circle around her clit with this thumb to help get her off, he picked up his pace and really began to pummel her, slamming his eyes shut as a wave of mind-numbing bliss washed through him. Feeling himself exploding inside her like the craziest fireworks ever; he took her mouth in a fiery kiss as he thrust in deep and froze. His cock pulsing hard with his release, he watched her quivering every bit as hard, actually shaking in his arms as she came. Holding her tight, pressing his lips to her cheek, both of them panted breathlessly as their hearts nearly beat out of their chests. Skin to skin, buried in her nice and deep, smiling at how gorgeous she looked all flushed and sated, Clark thought if this was how he eventually met his end, he'd be okay with it, because he couldn't imagine a more perfect way to go. 

But when she tipped her head and looked into his eyes, smiling that wicked little grin of hers, he'd already come to know meant trouble, and then tried pushing him onto his back for a little extra bit of fun, as much as he'd have loved to linger in bed with her a while longer, and of course play some more, especially to discover what she had in mind, he knew they had to stop. They had a junk trip to take, with friends waiting, so one of them had to be strong. And unfortunately, it was him. Smiling up at her pretty face, he shook his head back and forth, letting her know it wasn't going to happen. Chuckling at the way she wrinkled her cute little nose, playfully pouting her disappointment even as he pulled her to his chest and hugged her hard. God, she had to be the sweetest woman alive. 

Rolling her onto her back and then getting to his feet and picking her up and tossing her over his shoulder like a sack of potatoes, he loved the feel of her laughing against him, especially with the comical way she squealed in protest when he gave her ass a little smack, telling her, "Time for a shower, my little sex kitten. Remember we've got people waiting for us, so it's time we got ready to go." 

Running her hands down all those nice tight muscles on his back, Jamie tried her damndest to reach down far enough to paddle his ass right back, but he was just too quick, depositing on her feet in his bathroom before she got a chance to retaliate. Grinning at her, knowing what she was up to, Clark reached in and turned on the shower then tipping up her face, he kissed her, telling her, "Don't worry. We can always take up where we left off later. And you'll get your chance." 

Jamie narrowed her eyes, slowly nodding. Now she was counting on it. But watching her plot her revenge, all he did was laugh and pull her into the shower so he could have the pleasure of washing her from top to bottom - especially looking forward to running his soapy hands over her lush, toned little bottom, oh - and of course those perfect perky tits. 

God, she really did have the best body ever. 

Later, once they'd driven across the island to Aberdeen Harbor, Jamie's eyes went big when Clark walked her along the dock to the huge white luxury yacht moored beside so many others just like it. Staring up wide-eyed at the hulking white vessel, gleaming in the bright morning sun, waving her hand at it, she said, "I thought you told me we were taking a junk trip. I was expecting some kind of little sampan thing with sails, not a monster of a thing like this." 

"In Hong Kong, lots of boats are called junks," Clark explained with a casual shrug. "And this is my junk." Jamie grinned and looked around him to get a look at the junk in his jeans making him laugh as she wiggled her eyebrows teasingly. 

Chuckling, at her antics and shaking his head, he said, "Come on, you," taking her by the hand and leading her up the ladder onto his boat. 

Once onboard, he took a moment to introduce her to Tao, a middle aged man with a delightfully engaging smile who Clark explained would be piloting them around for the day from his post at the helm on the upper deck. Then Clark shot a smile as Luis, a wiry young man coming bounding up the steps from down below. "Hey, Luis, we have everything we need?" Clark asked him. 

Luis nodded, sounding slightly breathless, undoubtedly from all the last minute running around he'd been doing to prepare for Clark's guests. "Yes," he said, "and Marcus is busy working on lunch. So everything's good." 

After being introduced to him, too, Jaime looked around the deck, scattered with chairs, imagining there'd be lots of people joining them. Never having been on anything so big or luxurious, it occurred to her just how wealthy Clark really was. Although he didn't act like so many of her other well-to-do clients, with their noses in the air, there was no escaping the fact he travelled in very different circles than she did. Way, way different circles, since she was still getting back on her feet after having been swindled by that creep David she'd been foolish enough to get involved with. And a tiny part of her began to wonder if she even belonged with him. 

Once Tao and Luis went back to their posts, slipping his arm around her, Clark pressed a kiss to the top of her head and told her, "There are a couple of staterooms you can change in below decks whenever you want to get into your bathing suit." 

Gazing out at the other boats heading out of the harbor, she said, "I might just wait till we're out on the water." Deciding it might be a good idea to have her clothes on when she met his friends, especially for the first time. 

He nodded, his face suddenly breaking into a smile when he spotted a few of his buddies heading along the dock toward them. "Well," he said, as the first one came aboard, "long time no see, stranger," clapping him on his back and firmly shaking his hand. 

Jamie stared wide-eyed up at the tall, handsome musclebound blue-eyed blond with the most amazingly bronzed skin as Clark possessively squeezed her to his side as he made the introductions. "Jamie, this vagabond is Steve, who's just come back from a year abroad." Looking past him, confused, he asked, "You're on your own today?" 

Steve shrugged. "I invited Tina, but who knows if she'll show." 

Turning to Jamie, wearing an unabashedly affectionate grin that spoke volumes about how he felt about her, Clark said, "And this lovely lady is Jamie." 

Steve lifted a brow at the possessive way Clark had his arm wrapped around her, telling him, "You know if you let go of her for a minute, I might actually be able to say hello." 

Jamie laughed and extended her hand and told him, "A pleasure to meet you, Steve." 

Giving her a slow once over, without letting go of her hand, Steve said with a sly grin, "Believe me, the pleasure's all mine, Jamie." 

Even as a few other people were coming aboard, Clark shot him a look as he quietly murmured, "Back off, asshole." 

Steve just laughed, accepting an icy cold beer from young Luis, who would also be catering to their every need for the day. Then Steve, with a questioning nod of his head at Jamie, asked Clark without words if she was the real deal. And Clark responded with a nod his head to the affirmative, letting him know he was definitely serious about this one. 

Burly, bearded Bruce was one of the next to board, after helping a strikingly beautiful raven-haired Becca precede him up the ladder. Jamie quickly realized that Clark's friends all seemed to come from similar backgrounds, judging from the pricey looking watches most of the men were wearing, and the designer duds and expensive looking jewelry dripping off the women. 

Thankfully everyone seemed pretty friendly though, all greeting her with warm enthusiasm as they were introduced by Clark. But she couldn't help but notice how they all seemed to be carefully sizing her up, too - either just out of curiosity, or possibly even wondering if she was good enough for their friend. No one gave outright her the stink eye though, which Jamie took as a good sign. 

Once everyone was onboard and accounted for, Clark gave Luis a nod of his head and he then went up top to let Tao know they could head out. 

As soon as they'd gotten underway, Jamie closed her eyes, finding the breeze coming off the water felt so welcomingly refreshing. Still unaccustomed to the extreme humid heat of Hong Kong, even in September, she was glad to find some shade from the unrelenting sun under the overhang from the upper deck. After accepting a glass of chilled white wine from Clark, he said into her ear, "I'll show you where we can change whenever you're ready." 

She nodded, thinking it might be cooler in a bikini, since most of the others had already changed. And from what she could see both the men and women had amazing bodies, like all they did was work out and stand around looking gorgeous all day. Biting into her lip, feeling a little self-conscious, she wondered how she'd ever be able to measure up. 

Finally deciding it was just too hot to be in jeans, or to care what anyone else thought, she pushed up on her toes and said in Clark's ear, "Maybe we should go and change." 

With a nod, he put down his beer. Holding his hand out for her to precede him down the stairs, he led her into a stateroom that she noticed even had its own head, with a sink and toilet behind a partition. Glancing around at the white and blue décor, Luxurious didn't even begin to describe his yacht. It was like sex on the water, it was just so well appointed. 

Coming up behind her, Clark took hold of the hem on her little white top and began to lift it over her head, pressing his warm lips to her neck. And the slow deliberate way he did it, had Jamie smiling over her shoulder at him. Surely they weren't going to go at it with his guests all up on deck, were they? Then she felt the damp heat of his tongue gliding up to her ear, sending a delectable shiver down her spine, confirming her suspicions. But what literally drove it home was the steely hard pressure of his erection tight against her backside, thrust perfectly into her seam of her jeans. And oh, damn, with the way he'd gotten her pulse racing, never mind the heat pooling between her thighs, suddenly she couldn't have said no to him if her life depended on it. It was crazy the way he could turn her on, with just a touch of his hand, or even a just look. Damn, but the man was lethal. 

Turning around, reaching for his glasses, slipping them off and tossing them on the bed, she playfully murmured, "This could get rough." And she sure as hell wasn't talking about the waves outside. 

Softly chuckling against her lips as he drew her closer, till they were chest to chest, gazing down into her pretty blue eyes, he whispered back, "Actually I'm counting on it." 

Both of them naked in a heartbeat, his hands on her hips, he turned her to face the built-in dresser with a large wall-mounted mirror above. His heated gaze reflected back at hers, he pressed his lips to her shoulder and slowly licked, moaning as he savored the taste of her. Reaching around and tweaking a nipple between his fingers as his other hand travelled a delectably warm path over her belly to her mound, he whispered, "Just look at you - so damn sexy. No wonder I can never keep my hands off you." 

Her gaze locked on his in the mirror, his perfect body looking so buff, she murmured, "Oh, god, same goes." Her eyes falling shut, she uttered a desperate little moan at the feel of his fingers slipping into the heat of her pussy. 

Wanting her to see what he was seeing, he breathed into her ear, "Open your eyes, baby. I want you to watch us make love." Gently nipping at her neck, he began to work his fingers in and out of her tight little pussy. "Now you can see how we look together when I'm inside you - and how incredible you look as you come apart in my arms." 

Eyes riveted on his, she nodded, her heart pounding, blood racing through her veins like a tidal wave of lust as he brought her closer and closer to climax, overwhelmed and desperately beginning to tug at her own nipple as he finger-fucked her, thrusting her ass against his cock, she began to helplessly pant. It was just felt so insanely hot, seeing every last thing he was doing to her. 

Just seeing her like this, full lips parted, breasts heaving, and restlessly squirming with need was getting him achingly hard. Pulling his fingers out of her, he replaced them with his cock, sliding into her nice and slow, to really draw out the incredible feeling of pushing inside her. Her eyes never leaving his as he filled her more and more with every thrust of his hips, he just couldn't hold back and told her what he was feeling, murmuring against her ear, "Damn, I love you, Jamie." 

Her heart squeezing in her chest at how incredible it felt to hear him say it, it would have been so perfect if only she had the courage to say it back. But she was still conflicted, that niggling fear of committing herself always in the back of her mind, just in case... 

Wrapping his hand around her calf, he lifted her leg, setting her knee on the edge of the low dresser, exposing the wonder of her glistening pussy to his gaze, flexing his hips harder, he pushed in deep, blown away by the erotic sight of his cock sliding in and out of her tight little cunt, seeing his every thrust reflecting back at them in the mirror, he thought he'd come on the spot. Never in his life had he seen anything hotter than Jamie, circling her arm around his neck thrusting out her breasts and begging for his mouth as he fucked her hard and deep, while they could see themselves so intimately joined. 

As the rush of impending release raced through him, his heart nearly beating out of control, squeezing her tighter, digging his hands into her flesh, picking up his pace, he plundered her pussy with everything he had. Tongues tangling in a fiery hot kiss, arms cupping the fullness of her breasts holding her close, her body beginning to tremble, whimpering desperately against his mouth, her cry of elation swallowed in their kiss as he felt her coming hard around his cock, as his dick pulsed and pulsed and pulsed, shooting off inside her, filling her with every last thing he had. Damn, what a ride. 

Nothing was more perfect than this with her. So erotic and wild, even more with the hum of the engine and the laughter filling in the air from above them, he finally lifted his head and looked into her eyes in the mirror. Looking sexier than any woman had a right to look, delectably heavy-lidded and sated, her whole body sagged against him, as she muttered, "I don't think I've ever come that hard before." 

And neither had he. Pressing his lips to her cheek, smiling at their reflection, he murmured, "I know. If we were alone right now, I think I'd never want to leave this room, because fuck that was hot. And now all I want is more." 

Happily grinning with her heart still pounding wrapping her hand around his neck smiling into his eyes, as she fought to breathe, she murmured breathlessly, "You can say that again." Now she wondered if she'd be able to walk enough to make it back up on deck. 

Once they finally got back up and re-joined the others, Jamie bit into her lip looking up at Clark as most of his buddies gave them knowing looks, and teasing little wiggles of their eyebrows, as every last one of them checked her out in her tiny pink bikini. Aware what they must be thinking, about why they took so long in his cabin, Jamie accepted a juicy shrimp from Marcus, keeping her eyes on the islands coming into view she popped it into her mouth, trying her damndest not to blush - or laugh about getting caught. 

"So, looks like someone's landed the biggest fish in the pond," Steve said out of the side of his mouth to Bruce, smiling appreciatively at the sight of Jamie's rocking little body. 

Chuckling, Bruce muttered back under his breath, "Yeah. And I've got a pretty good idea what she used for bait." 

Narrowing his eyes on his buddies, Clark told them, so only they could hear, "Hey, for your information, you jerks, she's actually a super nice lady, and smart as a whip, too." 

Steve laughed, "So, then I guess we're wrong, and you're holding out and waiting to consummate your relationship until after you're married, and you didn't just nail her in your cabin." 

Watching Jamie striking up a conversation with one of the other women, Clark couldn't hold back a sigh as he ate up the sight of her taught little body clad in her tiny little swim suit. No damn wonder he was always hard around her, with a body like that. Finally he said to his friends, "Believe it or not, it's about way more than sex with her. But you'd just have to know her like I do, to understand. There's just something about her. She's like no one else I've ever met." 

Eyebrows wiggling suggestively, Bruce asked, "Does that mean you'd be willing to share?" 

"Yeah, when hell freezes over," Clark nearly growled at him, playfully punching his friend's shoulder. "No, you dick, I'd never share Jamie, not in a million years." 

Nodding, looking impressed, Steve said, "Then it must be serious. Because I don't think you've ever really given a shit about anyone you've gone out with before - at least from what I could tell." 

He could be right, because until Jamie, Clark had never even considered anything long term. One night stands had mostly been the norm for him, and if he needed a date for a function, there were plenty of women he could call. A confirmed bachelor who'd always laughed whenever one of his friends got hitched, he sure as hell wasn't laughing anymore. 
