 My suite has a small study, with a desk and phone next to a built-in bookshelf. That room is also lined with windows looking over the lobby. Sean has gone to this room and lined the floor with cushions and pillows, making a soft nest for lovers to share. There is a small area, directly in front of the wall of windows, that he left bare, pillowless. He has carried candles in there and the room glows softly, smells delicious, and is so inviting. This is where he leads me when he takes my hand. I walk behind his naked body, admiring his form and feeling my desire building as we move through the suite. He is gorgeous from behind, his ass tight and nicely shaped. I make a little running step and move closer to him, placing my lips against his back, wrapping my arms around him. He turns and holds me close, breathing against my hair, and whispering sweet words to me, making promises of thrills to come. Then he takes my hand again and leads me to the little study and his surprise.

The drapes are open and I can see the twinkling white lights strung in the rafters of the lobby. I can also see lights still on in the offices opposite. Again the fantasy of making love while being observed comes into my mind. I wonder if there is still one poor worker across the way, weary from a long day, looking for a distraction, who might glance over and see my open drapes and our naked forms pleasuring each other. We stand in the entryway, kissing and touching, Sean bending to me as his lips meet mine and devour them. I press against him, feeling the hard heat of his cock against me, hearing his ragged breathing as he runs his large hands over my soft, naked skin. I want him again. I want him now. 

He guides me to the pillow nest covering the floor and we sink into the softness. There are so many sensations, coolness from the air conditioning, heat from his excited body, softness of the pillows under me and hardness of his body above me. The radio is playing "Breathe" by Faith Hill, probably the sexiest song ever sung. I concentrate on Sean, listening to his breathing and feeling his heart pounding against my breast. His mouth is everywhere. Kissing my lips and forcing them apart, his tongue becoming part of me, moving in soft long strokes in and out of my hungry mouth. His tongue traces my lips, wetting them and painting them with his taste. My tongue plays with his, seeking and then hiding, encouraging him to search my entire mouth, sweep his delicious tongue everywhere.

I feel myself sinking into him, becoming one with him, our bodies joined and unlikely to separate again. He moves over me with such skill, touching all the spots that bring me pleasure and make me moan. He settles between my open thighs, his mouth just next to my warm curlies, his breath stirring them. I feel his breath, then the very tip of his talented tongue as it reaches out and starts tracing my slit. His hands hold mine and his tongue is the only part of his body touching me, licking me. His tongue continues up and down, delving deeper with each stroke. The sides of his soft tongue glide over my inner lips, making the tissue swell and open further, inviting him into my most secret part. God, just the tip of his tongue is making me wriggle and moan with delight. I wish I could just pull his face deeply into me, but another part of me is enjoying the incredibly tantalizing massage. Our fingers are interlinked, my legs spread open and my sweet lover is slowly taking me to that point where I am lost to all reality. Now, he spreads his tongue, making it flat and smooth, and it slides up and down my pinkness, lapping at my clit, which is now at full attention. It is engorged beyond belief, throbbing and aching for release. 

Occasionally, Sean will stop and look up at me, a smile on his shiny face, and lick his lips with such delight. He returns to his work, happily burying his face in my curlies and his tongue in my hot pinkness, lapping again at the renewed juices. Now, his tongue moves further, finding my pussy lips and plunging into me. Ah, his tongue is so talented, moving in and out of me, making my hips thrust against him, making me beg him for release. But he knows his business, takes me right to the brink of coming and then stops his ministrations. I am a mass of need, my entire body aching to come. I ask him to help me, to let me come, to give me the touch I need to go into that heavenly haze. But he has other plans. He kisses my sweet mound one more time and moves up my body, kissing all that cool skin that has been waiting for his touch. His face is shiny with my juices and he kisses me deeply on the mouth, sharing my taste. I lick his face clean, my tongue happily lingering on his soft lips and chin. I can feel his cock resting between my legs, cushioned by my curlies, throbbing against me. 

Now he is kissing my neck, my shoulders, turning me slowly until he can reach the nape of my neck, that most tender spot. He brushes my hair away and kisses me there, slowly and sensuously. I shiver with desire, my hips still moving against him and then the pillows, my need growing once again. Ah, his sweet mouth moves down, following my spine, lingering finally at the soft hollow right at my waist. How does he know my sweet spots? It is as if he has a map, with all my favorite spots marked. His hands are holding my hips, his mouth is making love to the small of my back, his tongue and lips moving together to make me shiver with desire. I lift my hips from the pillows, moving my ass up into the air, my legs slightly spread, wondering what his response will be to that invitation. Sean quickly responds. His mouth moves down my soft cheeks. His tongue traces the curves, the hollows. I am moving into that glorious haze of sensuality, lost in the feeling of Sean touching me and making me his. I have a fleeting thought of the open window, the possibility of being watched, but even that is nearly lost in my desire for this man.

Somehow, the music works its way into my head and I am aware of the song being played. Sean stops his exploration and moves up to lie beside me. Once again, I feel his mouth touch mine and I am lost in the moment, sinking into him, feeling only his succulent mouth against mine. 

He stands and pulls me up with him. Without a word, we moved together, holding each other tightly and begin to dance. His mouth moves over mine, his body presses against me, filling me with desire. This is the dance we started in the bar earlier, finally moving to completion. We are moving together, dancing as if we have been together always. I feel his engorged cock against me, I can feel my moisture wetting my thighs.

Sean turns me to the windows. He moves behind me until he is pressed flesh against flesh. His hands reach around and cup my breasts, pinching the brown nipples and making them ache. His face appears over my shoulder in the reflection, his lips moving on my shoulders and back. As he kisses my back, he moves away from me. His hands on my waist pull me back until I am slightly away from the glass, bent forward. His fingers reach between my thighs and spread my legs, opening me for him. I feel his heat as he moves to me, I feel the hardness of his engorged cock as it approaches me. His hands tighten on my hips as he moves into me, slowly at first, just teasing me with the velvety head, moving slowly up and down my slit. Then he moves faster, moving up and down and in and out. Yes, finally, into my lovely, needy pinkness. I can see in the window the reflection of his cock, its movements into me and the shininess as it is pulled out again. I can't help myself and start thrusting back against him, feeling his groin as it rubs against my ass, softly at first, then with more force. I want this man. I want him deeply inside me.

I call out to him to fuck me, fuck me hard and deep. I am using words I have only used in my mind, saying aloud all the things I have only read before. I tell him my cunt is hungry, it is so needy. I beg him to fuck me hard, make me ache, fill me with come. He is pounding into me now, I feel the impact every time his groin slams into my soft ass cheeks.

His hand leaves my waist and moves down my tummy, into my curlies. I feel his fingers enter my slit and search for my demure clit, finally finding it and starting a circular massage. It throbs to life under his magical touch, growing hard and needy. My hands are flat on the glass, as I just revel in his touch. His cock continues thrusting into me, his fingers circling my now-distended clit.

I know I am so close, so ready to come. I am striving for that feeling, that point of no return, when my body will just take over and help me reach release. Then I hear him. Sean is whispering to me, telling me to look across the lobby, look into the office across from us. I look up and see the man, his body so very still in his desk chair, his eyes focused on us, watching intently as we make love. God, knowing we are being watched is the final touch. I can feel my legs locking, the heat traveling up their length and my center begin the spasms that shake my entire body. My pinkness clamps onto Sean's cock, pulling it deeper still. I cry out, calling his name, my throat aching as I feel the moans ripped from me. I feel I am looking right into the worker's eyes, as I come and throb. Sean is completely still through all of this, waiting. Suddenly, I feel his cock pounding into me, swelling and throbbing as his come fills me. My muscles are milking him, draining him. 

As our breathing returns to normal, I feel Sean slip from my warmth. He pulls me into his arms and down into the pillow nest, covering us with a quilt. His hand curves over my still throbbing mound as I settle my head on his shoulder. 

To Be Continued...