 I read a story recently about a girl that was described as "wholesome". A very attractive, blond, blue eyed girl with a great figure, good sized breasts, that just seemed clean cut and wholesome but was also very sensual. It reminded me of a girl I dated years and years ago, back before the pill and before I ever met the girl I married and am still married and faithful to.

Lois was a nurse, in California but originally from Minnesota or Dakota or somewhere in the Northern midwest. She was slightly tall, perhaps 5'8" or so. Blond, blue eyed. Truly blond, almost platinum on her head and still blond in her pubic hair, as I later discovered. Descended from some Viking goddess probably. Large breasts, enough that it was about the first thing you noticed about her. Not triple Ds or anything wild but probably Ds and all up front and standing up proud. At the time I thought that she would likely end up with a weight problem eventually, she just looked the type and she would need some stomach to support those breasts when they started to sag.

But there was no weight problem then. Very trim figure, lovely long legs. A pretty farm girl next door kind of face more than a raving beauty. And, yes, wholesome would be a good word to describe her looks. 

Anyway, I was 26, she was probably two years younger but, truthfully, I never asked and never found out. We dated three or four times but hung around with each other as well as others at parties and at the beach a dozen times or more. She was striking in a bathing suit. Her bottoms never matched her tops. I think she probably had to buy larger bras than came with the bottoms as a set. Fairly skimpy two piece bathing suits were as popular then as they are now. I was single and so was she. It was a couple years before I met someone that made me think about getting married but looking back, I think Lois was looking for Mr. Right, right at the time I dated her. 

She was fun to be with. Good at games on the beach and in the ocean, got along with everyone at parties. And she was definitely sexy. Each time we went out, our necking or petting or whatever you want to call it got a little heavier. I was not a great lover. Not experienced in seducing females. I had managed to have sex a number of times but looking back, I'm sure the female was usually the aggressor, or at least helped me move things along a little further than I might have on my own. Lois didn't come after me but she never stopped me. By the time what I'm about to describe happened, I had felt her bare breasts and had got a finger, briefly, to her genitals. 

I had about decided that she was probably interested in having sexual intercourse. She was a nurse, had some education, had probably had some sexual experience of some sort along the years before she met me. But I wasn't aware of anyone actually fucking her, maybe she was solely dating me, at least for the moment.

I had a dinky little apartment. One room with a small bathroom. One wall had a sink, refrigerator, dishwasher and some cabinets. There was a small Formica topped table and two chairs. I had a single bed, not much more than a divan or whatever, and a little dresser. I had a six year old Ford convertible. I had a decent job but was still at the lower levels. Lois and I had been at the beach with several others and we drove in my car to my apartment. I had somehow managed to get her to come with me and visit my apartment. I can't remember what excuse I made but whatever, it worked. She came with me to my dinky little place. We ended up laying facing one another on my narrow bed, making out a little.

I had my hand up under her skirt, holding her bare ass cheek. Well, almost bare, she still had panties on but I slid my hand under them. Truthfully, I was willing to just move along as far as she'd let me. I don't think I actually believed I was going to fuck her. She was just so darn wholesome and clean and smart and sexy that I wanted to but didn't expect to succeed. But she must have decided that we were ready. Or at least, she was ready. Because she sort of helped me move my hand around from her butt to her pussy. It wasn't obvious but looking back, there was no way I would have done it without some indication from her that made me feel that I could. 

So, here we are, laying on our sides, facing one another, kissing and hugging and me fingering her pussy. And she says, "I probably need to tell you that I've done this before."

Wow! What is she telling me? I have to assume that she's telling me she's fucked before. Truthfully, that doesn't surprise me or bother me at all. So have I. But why is she telling me? There's no need to. It does mean, I guess, that we're going to fuck, that she's willing. I don't know why else she'd bring it up. It may mean that she thinks I'm serious about her and she needs to be honest with me. Well, I'm not really that serious. I mean maybe I could be eventually but at the moment I'm just making out with a sexy girl. So what do I do? I've got to move ahead and fuck her, of course. I can't have a sexy girl like this ready and willing and pass it up. And I can't lay here and keep thinking very long, I've got to react to what she's just told me. 

So I kiss her. Kiss her good. Then kiss her cheek, her shoulder, kiss down on her breasts, covered by a bra and a T-shirt, Push the shirt up and kiss her bare stomach. I then almost slid off the bed and kissed down her stomach onto her legs, kiss down her leg and then back up and kiss her pussy, covered by panties and skirt, then move back up and kiss her on the lips again. In the process she moans some and when I kiss her pussy area she actually shoves her hips up at me a little. I then said something that wasn't like me. I have no idea where it came from. "We should take our clothes off and really get into this, don't you think?" 

As soon as I said it, actually when I was about three fourths into it, I thought that it was really dumb. But surprisingly, she gave a big smile and sat up and swiveled away from me and started taking her clothes off. So I stood up and did the same. We're then both standing there naked, looking at each other. "You have a gorgeous body, Lois," I say and step to her to put my arms around her. She's really not looking at me but at my cock, which is as erect as possible, and she smiles and says, "You do too." And we kiss and hold one another, my cock pressing into her stomach.

I have no idea where my perversion comes from but I love pussies. I love to taste and feel pussies. Here's this terrific body in front of me with amazing breasts and all I want to do is get at her pussy. So I back her up a little as we're kissing and then, as we break the kiss I sort of lead her to sit on the bed facing me so I can kneel on the floor and get between those shapely legs and get my face to her pussy.

The first pussy I got my mouth to was on a red head, who definitely maneuvered me into eating her. The hair around her pussy was fairly sparse, she was all pink and pretty but her labia, her pussy lips, were sort of wrinkled and brownish. Her insides were all pink and I both learned a lot with her and enjoyed licking her and fingering her. My next one ws a dark haired girl that had so much black hair that it was a little tricky to get my tongue to her, I had to hold a lot of hair out of the way and still got hairs in my mouth. My next one was a brunette and she did something the other two didn't, she shaved her pussy. 

Now, here I am looking at the most beautiful pussy I've ever seen. All pink and clean looking. Sort of a powder puff with a crease down the middle with blond hair mostly above the actual gash I'll feast on. "Lois, you have a beautiful pussy. You could be photographed for some porno magazines," I tell her just before I get my tongue to her.

I use my fingers to pull her open and get my tongue into her and start licking, moving my tongue as quick as I can, licking up and down inside her. As she starts to get wetter and more open, I slide a finger into her vagina and start finger fucking her and get my tongue and lips up to her clit and start working on it. I want to get her to an orgasm as fast as I can. I've figured for a while that if you can get a female into orgasm, you've got her hooked. I want to fuck this gorgeous body over and over and over and the best way to do it is get her hooked and available to me. 

And it works. It doesn't take more than four or five minutes and she's in orgasm, pushing out fluids, bouncing her hips, holding my head to her pussy and yelling her head off. I slide up over her and start pushing my cock into her very lubricated pussy. She wraps her legs up around me and holds me with both arms as I pound into her over and over and over. I work as fast and as hard as I can. Nothing slow and sensual at this point, I want to keep her in orgasm and thinking this is the best sex she's ever had. Finally, I'm about ready to cum and I realize that I'm bareback. I have no condoms so I hope it's the right time of the month, otherwise we're working on being parents. 

After I cum, I kiss her. She slowly unwraps from me and I pull out and lay on my side facing her. She turns to me and we hold one another and kiss. "I need to go clean up for a moment," she says and scrambles off the little bed and heads to the bathroom. I can hear the toilet flush and she's headed back to me. Cripes she has a great body. And then we're laying there, facing one another. I put my arms around her and kiss her again. She cuddles up against me.

"Lois, you are one sexy woman," I tell her. "I should probably apologize. You have a fabulous body and I didn't take the time to work my way around it, instead I just dived in to your pussy. I'm not sorry, you're delicious, but I need to let you know how much I appreciate the rest of your body, too." And it is a fabulous body. The breasts alone are worth a prize of some sort. I use both hands to begin softly massaging those big things and move my head to begin kissing and then licking them. My first breasts were on the red head I mentioned before. She taught me all I know about sex with a woman. I thought her breasts were perfect. Something like maybe C cups. Spheres on the bottom part. The tops were like ski jumps coming down off her upper chest, sliding out to the nipples. Once she got aroused and her nipples hardened, it was like they were where the ski jumpers would leap off, it was almost like they pointed up a little. But Lois put hers to shame. Lois's must be D cups anyway. They're like two large grapefruit attached to her, big and round. They're wider than her chest. From the back I bet you can see them extending out wider than her back. And they're not exactly round, I mean they attach to her so there's some shape fairing out to her body, with really noticeable cleavage in between them. I bet they would make a perfect titty fuck. I'll have to try that some time.

Anyway, I'm sucking on a nipple and she says, "You said I have a beautiful pussy. Do you mean it's something better than average or are you just saying nice things because you know I'd like to hear them."

"I meant it," I say, lifting away from her nipple but continuing to massage her breasts. "I'm not a gynecologist so I haven't seen thousands but I've seen a few more than I probably should have, all up close. In general, female pussies are not beautiful, at least not what most people would think of as beautiful. They're all sexy. But usually the outer lips are sort of discolored, or at least darker than the surrounding skin, and usually sort of wrinkly and often with a lot of hair that's in the way. Yours is almost like a pink powder puff, very attractive, with a small mop of blond hair above it. Really blond, too. If there ever is a contest for the prettiest pussy, you should enter it. I hope I manage to spend a lot of time with it." Then I'm back to working on her nipples, sucking and licking, enjoying her lovely, large breasts.

She lets me continue, moaning a little, obviously enjoying what I'm doing. 'You're not done, I guess" she says to me. I'm now feeling her nice, firm ass and kissing her flat stomach occasionally and then going back to making love to her tits with my mouth and fingers. I never really reply, just grunt, I'm too happy sucking nipples. "Can you get it up again?" she asks.

"Oh, yeah," I tell her, "eventually."

"Maybe I can help get it up again," she says with a dirty grin. She reaches down and manages to get her fingers around it and starts pulling on it a little, sort of playing with it. "I don't really want you to stop," she says, "but I want to get at you." She starts turning around some and sort of sitting up a little, that dislodges me from her breasts. She gets her face down near my cock, that's actually starting to stir a little by then. The way she's positioned, I get my hand to her butt. A really nice, firm butt that I'd noticed earlier sits up high, like a boys, rather than hanging down. I feel it a little and kiss it a couple times. She now has hold of my balls and gets her lips around the head of my cock.

She massages my balls and licks around the head of my cock that's inside her mouth. It grows and grows, quickly, and it's only a few seconds and she has a fully erect cock in her mouth. She slides her head down and takes almost all of it into her mouth. Licking and sucking, she slides her mouth back up it and then down again. Her hands keep working on my balls.

She pulls her lips off me and uses a hand to hold my cock as she looks at me. "Could you stand next to the bed so I can aim your stuff on my breasts once I get you to cum?" she asks, then grins and adds, "Please?" So that's what I do. I stand next to the bed, she sits on it, her feet to the floor, and gets her mouth back to my cock and starts in on a terrific blow job. This sure can't be her first time, she's way too good at it. Sucking back and forth, sort of milking me with her lips while she uses her hand to jerk me off on whatever part of my cock gets exposed as she moves her lips back and forth on me. Her other hand continues to work my balls. Just as I had purposely worked fast to make her cum when I ate her earlier rather than sort of leisurely enjoy it and making it last, she's doing the same to me. She may or may not enjoy what she's doing -- probably does -- but she's trying to get me to cum. And she succeeds. Just before I do, she must sense it coming, she pulls her head away and aims me at herself as she jerks me off with her hand. She has good aim, I land some on one tit and then the other.

When I've shot all I'm going to she takes me back into her mouth for a final couple sucks and then, grinning, lets go and starts rubbing my cum into her breasts. "A girl told me this is good for your breasts," she says. "next time I should probably do you first and get a bigger load, you probably shot your largest amount into me earlier." I'm just standing there, watching her massage those lovely big boobs. Then, sitting on the edge of the bed, she spreads her legs and says, "Could you please do me again like you did earlier?" then still smiling she adds, "Please?"

So I kneel down and get my face into her crotch and start on her again. I actually like eating pussy, it's all very sexy some how. So I do everything I can think of with her, purposely not hurrying. I want her to cum, of course, but I want us both to take our time and enjoy it, too. So I lick and finger her and suck on her clit. She moans and puts her hand on the back of my head holding me to her. Then her hands let go of me and I can feel her shift and glance up to see her leaning back on the bed, her hands playing with her nipples as I work on her pussy. Her moans turn into unintelligible sounds a little louder. It still doesn't take more than five or six minutes and she's in orgasm again, her hands back on my head, her hips jumping a little. I use my whole mouth to try and suck her whole pussy into my mouth and then sit back, she's cum all over me and we're done.

Once we're dressed and I take her back to her apartment, she tells me that she loved every minute of it and wanted to make sure we would get together some more and do it all over and over. Which is exactly what I wanted, too. And we did. She had two room mates so we always ended up at my dinky little place, naked. The next time we got together, three days later, once we got naked she started by blowing me again and getting my load onto her tits. From what she said, I think it's something she had done fairly often before. I'm beginning to think she's had a lot more sexual experience than I thought but she sure is sexy and I enjoy all of my time with her.

Over a couple months, we must have been naked together a dozen times. Probably a couple more times than that. It was great. All of these next times, I used condoms and kept hoping that the first time was the right time of month for her. The last few times, though, didn't take as long and seemed a little more hurried as if she had something else on her mind. They also started being spaced a little further apart. I would call and she'd be busy rather than anxious to be with me again like she was at first. The last time, I ate her then she blew me and got the load on her breasts, and then I ate her again. We didn't fuck for the first time. Then, she was always busy when I called so I quit calling. I would just as soon continued having sex with her, she has a great body but it wasn't a huge problem to have it end. In reality, it was all going to end at some point anyway.

It must have been almost a year later that I ran into one of her room mates from back when I was dating her. We were in a bar that had dancing and she was a nice looking girl and let me know that she remembered me from when I dated Lois. They weren't room mates any more. We talked a little, danced a couple times and an hour later she was in my same dinky little place, naked, and I was on my knees eating her. She had a nice pussy, dark hair but trimmed very short, made access easy. A little gamy and tasty from sweating as we danced. This led to all the normal stuff, fucking and her sucking me and fucking some more. It all worked out good so we got together several more times.

It came out in bits and pieces but I learned that Lois had told her room mates about me and how great I was at oral sex. So this girl was all set to have me eat her as soon as we met in that bar. Lois also had commented that she wanted a guy with a really large cock and mine was just normal so she would have broken up with me sooner except she loved getting eaten so much. Apparently Lois had purposely been trying to find a guy with a huge cock so she occasionally sort of auditioned guys and had been with a couple others while she was also seeing me. She found one and as far as this girl knew, they were still together, Lois had moved in with him. She was hoping to get pregnant and make it permanent but this girl didn't know whether she succeeded, she hadn't talked to her in months.

I had never even thought about the size of my cock before and girls had never indicated anything other than they liked it. But I guess I've had it in the back of my mind a little ever since, even though I've managed to father three children with my wife and she seems happy with it.