 The company I work for requires me to work very late to meet some of our clients deadlines. It was during one of these crunch times for a client that they put me up in a hotel close to the office to accommodate the 16 hour days. On this particular project they sprung for hotel rooms for everyone who lived too far away to drive safely hour after putting it too many hours at work. I can only assume this was all billed back to the clients. 

Well after a long day of crunching codes I was finally released to head to the hotel and get some sleep. Problem is I hate hotel rooms unless I'm in them with my wife and we are fucking our brains out. Yea I'm married and I love my wife very much. We've been married for ten years and our sex life is still very good if not as frequent as we would like it. I'm 45 six foot tall and a little overweight but who isn't. There just never seems to be as much time as either of us would like and lately these long days are really cramping our sex life.

Ok back to me not being able to sleep in a hotel room alone. So I found myself down in the hotel lounge nursing a beer and thinking about a whole lot of nothing. I hear someone arguing at the front desk yelling about a messed up reservation and think well at least someone else is having a bad day too. 

I order another beer and begin to think this day needs to end. One of my coworkers comes into the lounge and orders a beer for herself. I see her and wave her over to join me. Let me take a minute to explain her. Teri is a nice looking lady about 38 very petite brunette with shoulder length hair and a small chest. She comes over and we sit drinking our beers in silence for a little while. Teri then tells me it was her in the lobby yelling. Apparently there was a mix up with the reservations and she did have a room reserved for her by the company and when she tried to book a room for herself she was told they didn't have any more rooms available for her to rent for the night. I offer her a bed in my room as it has two queen size beds. She smiles and declines as I assumed she would with us both being married. We order another beer and continue to talk about work, our marriages and life in general. Before we know it we have shared many beers and talked for several hours. The lounge is now closing and it is way too late for her to drive home safely. This time she ask me if my offer still stands. 

What's a guy to say?

When we get in the room she ask if she can take a shower to relax. I say sure and let her know I'll get ready for bed out in the room while she showers. While she is in the bathroom I change into some pajama pants and slide into my bed and try to fall asleep. After some time I do drift off with the TV on for noise and light for Teri. When Teri comes out of the bathroom I stir a little but don't move from my comfortable spot in bed. She comes around into my line of sight wearing a man's button down shirt. I assume it is her husbands as it's not mine. Now almost every guy will tell you that any woman wearing a man's shirt is damn sexy no matter what. I'm a guy so I take notice.

Teri slides into her bed and begins watching TV and I drift back off to sleep. I'm awoken again but this time I'm not sure why but I know the lights are out and the TV is off. So what woke me up this time? I notice the curtains are not quite pulled shut and there is some light coming in from the parking lot lights. As I look around I hear something that catches my attention. I can hear an ever so slight noise of sheets rustling. I assume it is Teri trying to get comfortable in her bed but it has a cadence to it that is unmistakable. She is rubbing one out right next to me. I'm instantly hard thinking about it and try to stroke myself without moving too much and drawing attention to myself.

She lets out a slight moan and I can see her bring her knees up but still under the covers. She is really getting into pleasuring herself but still trying to be quite. I'm stroking my cock with as much restraint as ever trying not to be noticed. Teri brings her hand up above the covers to cover her mouth. I can hear her moan into her own hand as she tries to muffle her own orgasm. This has got to be one of the hottest things I've seen in a long time. I've got my own live sex show going on just feet from me and my cock has never been harder. As Teri's orgasm slows down some she rolls her head to the side and looks in my direction. Fuck I'm caught! I can she her smile faintly in the little bit of light that is in the room. Then I hear her voice "Do you need to finish too?" 

"Yea I'm sorry but hearing you really got me going."

"Go ahead, we all do it. But before you finish can I watch you?"

WHAT?

"Sure I guess so"

Teri begins to move in her bed to sit up and she turns on the bedside light just as I pull the covers back. Now I already admitted I'm a little overweight but I'm not that afraid to show my body but I didn't think she was turning on a light either. So there I am now on my back cock in hand and she is sitting on the edge of her bed with her shirt unbuttoned looking at me. The first thing I see are her breast with look to be an A cup. My wife is a DD and I love playing with hers all the time. Teri's nipples are the majority of her breast and they stand out so proud just begging to be sucked and played with. My eyes travel down her body and I admire her flat stomach and then her neatly trimmed bush. Just a tiny little triangle right above her otherwise bald pussy. 

I continue to stroke my cock while looking at her and admiring her body. Teri smiles at me and then brings her feet up on the bed with her legs spread wide apart for me to see all of her. I pump myself a little faster with her added visual stimulation. Without breaking eye contact with my cock she leans back a little and begins to slowly play with her pussy for me. As she sinks her fingers in and out to match my rhythm I can smell her arousal. I'm a man who loves to eat pussy and can do it for hours so the smell of her is music to my nostrils. As our speed picks up she begins to talk dirty to me. "Yea, fuck that cock. Think about my pussy while you fuck your fist." This brings me closer to the edge. Teri then pulls her fingers from her dripping pussy and licks them while telling how great she taste. That's it, I let out a roar and cum. My first shot shoots up high and lands on my chest with a splat. The second shoots straight into her mouth as she jumps off her bed and wraps her lips around my cock as I continue to pump shot after shot of cum into her mouth. When I finally stop she pumps me a few more times just to make sure she got it all. When she finally takes my softening cock out of her mouth she shows me what she has caught then slowly swallows the entire load. I thank her as that is all my mind can think of doing after that performance. She replies, "My pleasure" and climbs back into her bed.

As we both now lay in our own prospective beds I ask her if she has ever done anything like that before. She tells not even once but she also admits she has never shared a hotel room with another man before either. She shuts off the lights and we both lay in the dark for a moment. After a brief time Teri ask me if she can ask a favor. "Sure at this point I don't see why not."

"Will you come over and lick my pussy? I came but it's just not the same when you have to do it yourself."

"Sure thing" Who was I to say no to that kind of request?

As I climb into her bed she pulls back the covers and takes her shirt off completely. I start on her hard nipples sucking on them and biting them a little. She starts moaning and sliding all over the bed. I decide to up the ante a little for her and slide two fingers deep into her and move then along her G spot. The next thing in know Teri arches her back and comes completely off the bed except for her head and the heels of her feet. Her pussy clamps down on my fingers to a point I think she might break one of them. Her voice is a harsh grunt followed by a silent scream as her body thrashes around on the bed. As she comes down and slide lower on the bed and slide my tongue into her dripping pussy just to savor the juices. She grabs my hair and thrust her pussy into my face. I've never had a woman fuck my face with her pussy but we were both loving it. Her second orgasm with me hit just as I sucked her clit into my mouth. This time she screamed out in ecstasy while she flooded my mouth with her nectar. This time I came up for air and to let her calm down a little. As I slide up beside her she thanked me and then grabbed my face and kissed me deeply. Our tongues wrestled back and forth for a while as she collected as much of her juices off of me as she could.

When we both calmed down a little she asked if that was my hard cock on her thigh. I admitted that seeing her cum so hard was a huge turn on for me and that yes I was hard again. She then rolled over on top of me and slammed her soaked pussy on my cock. We both let out a very audible groan as I sank into her tight wet pussy. 

She told me I was bigger than her husband and it felt good to be stretched a little. Her hips kept up a great rhythm on my shaft while she controlled the pressure on her clit. She asked if I was close to where I explained my second nut takes a while to come out. She just smiled and ground down on me as hard as she could. After keeping pace for so time she asked if I would fuck her from behind. As we switched positions I finally got to see her ass for the first time clearly. She had a very nice ass for being such a petite woman. As I slide into her from behind I smacked her ass and pulled her cheeks apart so I could see myself sliding into her. On a hunch I slide my thumb around her anus and she loved it. I slowly sank my thumb into her ass with the help of her pussy juice as lube. This send her over the edge and she screamed out as she came again. This time she clamped down on my cock holding it in place as she was sent over the edge. I told her I could hold out much more and she asked me to not come in her pussy as she was not on anything. I told her I had a vasectomy so there was no risk of pregnancy from me. 

Teri screamed to fuck her harder and cream all over her married pussy. I pumped into her as hard and as fast as I could until I could take no more. I sank my cock into her as deep as it would go and unloaded my second load of the night into her. 

We both were panting and trying to come back to reality when I realized when I came I drove her down into the bed and I was laying on top of her. We both rolled to our side with my cock still in her. As she looked over her shoulder she asked if I would just spend the rest of the night in her bed as it was senseless to jump back over to mine.

We fell asleep spooning with my hand on her breast and a satisfied smile on both of our faces.