 Sinking tiredly into the comfortable Executive Class seat on a non-stop flight to Hong Kong stifling a moan, Jamie Foster's head just felt so full, her mind flooded with what she'd left behind; the cheating, lying sleaze ball she'd almost married, and of course what lay ahead for her, the job of her life in one of the most exciting cities of the world, that she could now look forward to. 

And she just thanked whoever was looking out for her that she hadn't gone through with marrying that low-life David, who turned out to be nothing but a train wreck masquerading as a successful entrepreneur, who hadn't worked a day in years, that she also discovered, secretly smoked more pot than Cheech and Chong ever had combined, who just for fun, also had a penchant for screwing around with other women. And to top it all off, was caught red handed trying to clean out her bank account. 

What a prize he turned out to be. And of course, with her abysmal track record with men, she was beginning to realize she could really pick 'em. But at least they'd never tied the knot, actually shivering at the thought of being saddled with a waste of space like him. 

But since she was starting over in a brand new city, clear across the world, Jamie decided she wasn't going to get serious with anyone, maybe ever again. Sure, she might be up for some fun - 'cause who didn't like some sexy fun - but definitely nothing more. She'd more than learned her lesson about getting too involved after that near miss with conniving David. 

And wouldn't you know it, the moment she'd made that promise to herself, what had to be the most gorgeous man she'd ever set eyes on, took the seat across the aisle from her, giving her the sexiest grin imaginable, instantly making her groan. Oh, damn. 

Of course he had to have that sexy Clark Kent thing going on, that she could never resist. His dark framed glasses only making him look that much hotter, and in just a white dress shirt and deep gray tie, having already shed his suit jacket, she could tell he had a body like the man of steel, too. So toned and fit, he had her fighting not to lick her lips. He was just everything she didn't need right now. But the errant lock of dark hair that hung over his forehead, only accentuating his striking blue eyes, had her longingly staring, no matter what she'd just sworn to herself. 

And she soon realized the flight crew must have picked up on the fact there was a total hottie sitting in Executive Class too, since they were already buzzing around him like bees to a hive. But she could see he was doing his best to be patient, only rolling his eyes after one of them almost crawled into his lap, waving her ample boobs in his face, to supposedly push up his window shade up for him. God, could she possibly be any more transparent? And from the uncomfortable look on his face she'd probably even whispered something in his ear, like if he had any interest in joining the Mile High Club, that she'd be happy to help him with that, too. 

And as the uncanny Clark Kent look-alike tried his best to be polite with the overly attentive flight crew, Jamie was busy waving her hand at each one that passed, desperate for something to drink since the bottle of water she'd had, had been confiscated at the security check. But with Hot stuff consuming all their attention, not one of them even noticed her, and then they were gone. And damn was she ever feeling parched. 

But gorgeous must have noticed, since he leaned across the aisle that separated them and asked, "What was it you wanted?" 

"Just some water," she told him. 

Nodding, he pushed the button on his arm rest and held up his hand, and within two seconds, not one, not two but three eager women were hovering over him, grinning like idiots, eager to serve him in any way he saw fit. Then he quickly took the wind out of their sails, when he smiled over at her and said, "The lady would like some water." 

With a disdainful wrinkle of their little upturned noses, they all gave her a curt little nod, but at least one of them thankfully returned with the bottle of water she'd been dying for, along with a glass. Leaning across the aisle Jamie thanked him. But he leaned over too, and met her halfway, and whoa, up close, unbelievably, when he levelled those striking blue eyes on her, he was even more gorgeous than she'd first thought, actually making her heart skip a beat. 

Smiling into her eyes, obviously aware of the effect he was having on the flight crew, he said, "Maybe I should come and sit beside you, at least till you've gotten your dinner." 

Jamie laughed and nodded. "Might not be a bad idea." And damn if he didn't follow through and plunk that gorgeous toned ass of his in the seat right next to hers. Wow. Now she was really in trouble with him in touching distance. 

Extending his hand, he said, "It's Clark, by the way." 

Hearing that, her eyes actually popped. He had to be shitting her. It was just too much of a coincidence that he was the spitting image of Superman's alter ego and even had a name like Clark. Unable to stop herself, Jamie said, "Just tell me your last name's not Kent." 

"No," he said, chuckling, "it's Philips, but I've been told I look just like him." 

Eyeing him up close trying her best not to pant, she said, "Yeah, I'd say you're a dead ringer." Jeez, what an incredibly good looking man. 

"Okay, now that we've established who I am..." Still smiling, he tucked his glasses in his pocket and waited. 

She couldn't help but smile back at the teasing twinkle in his eye, especially now that she could see them better without the frames. Then once she finally figured out what he waiting for, slightly embarrassed, she said, "Oh, and I'm Jamie, Jamie Lockhart." 

Not even realizing she was still holding his hand, until he squeezed hers and said, "A pleasure to meet you, Jamie." Feeling even more foolish, she finally let go of him. But gee did it ever feel nice to touch him. No small wonder the flight crew were all creaming their panties over him - even the gay ones. 

"So, is this your first trip to Hong Kong?" 

Her head snapping up from where she'd been staring at their hands, she said, "No. I've been a few times, just for interviews. But now that I've accepted a job there, it looks like I'll be calling it home for at least the next few years." 

She noticed him start to smile, his eyes seeming to warming when she said that. "Good. Maybe we could have a drink or a bite to eat sometime, since I live there, too." 

"Really?" Wow. How great was it to meet her first possible hook-up before the plane had even left the ground. 

Checking her over, Clark's gaze shot to her left hand and he was so damn glad she wasn't wearing a ring, seeing as his heart nearly stopped in his chest the moment he saw her, and already he knew he wanted to get to know her better... so much better. 

And aside from being gorgeous, he could tell she was a real blonde, her hair was so fair, and with the prettiest most unusual shade of violet eyes he'd ever seen, that looked to be all natural, too, since he couldn't detect any contacts. There didn't seem to be anything phony about her, like so many other women he knew. Slim, with a nice set of curves, he could already imagine her out of her clothes, preferably on her back and smiling up at him, as he... 

"...So, you'll be living on your own?" he finally asked, deciding he'd better start talking or he'd get so hard thinking of what he'd like to do with her, she'd notice. 

She nodded yes, and asked, "You?" 

"Yep," he said, with a smile, "it's just me." 

Excellent. Nodding thoughtfully, Jamie took a long gulp of cold water, picturing all kinds of kinky fun they could be having together. And imagined from the looks of him, he'd be amazing in bed, since he probably had enough experience with women to write a book. And wouldn't be hung like a turtle, either, not with a buff body like that. 

As the plane began to slowly back away from the airport, Clark noticed his pretty new travelling companion's entire body tensing as she squeezed her eyes closed, anxiously clenching both her hands and her jaw. Concerned, leaning over he took hold of her hand again, and whispered reassuringly in her ear, "Hey, I've got you, you're okay." 

Peeling open her eyes, looking into his, Jamie confessed, "I know it's silly, but I'm a little afraid of flying - especially the takeoffs and landings." 

"Okay, then just imagine something else; something you really enjoy doing, and before you know it, you'll be in the air." 

Grinning to herself, she already knew what she'd really like, would be to see him out of his clothes, preferably poised over her with a steely hard erection. But that was probably something she should keep to herself - at least for now. Finally done taxiing, and into position, as the engines began to roar, preparing for takeoff, Jamie squeezed his hand even harder, but still flinched as the plane accelerated along the runway, her stomach threatening to heave, she swallowed hard just to keep down the water. 

Watching her doing her best to stay calm, although she was starting to tremble, Clark had an idea what would take her mind off where she was. Taking hold of her chin, he turned her face up and then pressed his lips to hers. Her eyes opened for a second looking surprised, but thank goodness she didn't pull away. Then when he sank his hand into her hair, and pulled her closer, he smiled against her mouth as she tipped her head giving him better access and opened for him, instantly deepening the kiss. Damn. All he wanted to do was help her calm down, but was she ever making him hard - and from just a kiss. But what a kiss it was turning out to be. 

Finally, after a long session of hot, tongue tangling fun, Jamie lifted her head and grinned, telling him, "Thanks," especially seeing as they were now in the air, and she could finally relax a little. 

Cocking an eyebrow, he couldn't imagine what she was thanking him for, since he didn't think he'd ever enjoyed kissing a woman more. And the fact that they'd only just met, only made the whole thing that much hotter - so much fucking hotter. 

And she'd gotten him so aroused, he didn't even noticed he was sliding his hand over her smooth, stocking-clad knee, slightly pushing her skirt up, as he asked, "So, are you okay now?" 

Her eyes dancing with amusement, she nodded. "Yeah, I'd say I'm good." So damn good. Whoa, what a kiss, though. Of course she'd enjoyed plenty of kisses before, some of them pretty hot, but none even close to that. 

And if you asked him, he'd say she was more than good, she was fantastic. Damn, and now all he wanted was more. His hand was still busy stroking her thigh, with a mind of its own it seemed, until she looked down at where he had it, then back up at his face, and then they both laughed. Finally he removed his hand from her leg, but then reached for her hand again, telling her, "You start to feel nervous again, you just tell me, okay?" 

Nodding her head, she'd be sure to do that, especially if meant they'd be kissing again. Still, Jamie couldn't believe how crazy this whole thing was. They barely knew each other, and already she wanted him more than any other guy she'd ever known, her panties already embarrassingly wet, after just one kiss. And she began to wonder about this Mile High Club business she'd heard about. 

It seemed the moment they reached cruising altitude, the pretty brunette who'd practically dry humped him in his seat playing around with his window, came up beside him again, and sounded disappointed when she looked at them and remarked, "Oh, you've changed seats." Then narrowly eyeing their joined hands, she told him, "You know it's a long flight, so you might find it roomier with the two seats you had across the aisle." 

Shaking his head, Clark squeezed Jamie's hand tighter, and said, "No, I'm fine right here, thanks." 

Disdainfully wrinkling her nose, the woman asked him, "Then is there anything I can get you?" 

Clark looked over at Jamie and asked, "What would you like to drink?" 

"Some white wine would be nice." 

Turning to look up at the flight attendant, he said, "The lady will have a glass of white, and I'll have a Corona if you've got it." 

And with a quick nod she was gone. 

Smiling that drop-dead sexy smile again, Clark said, "So, how about you tell me everything I need to know about Jamie Lockhart." 

Heaving a breath, not sure how much she wanted to share, Jamie told him, "Well, I'm originally from Toronto, but relocated last year to Vancouver for work, and now the bank I work for has decided I'd be a good fit for this job in Hong Kong. So here I am. And what about you?" 

Eyeing for a minute, he was surprised she was only willing to touch on her work life, and not give him anything more - which only made him more curious, since he already had a pretty strong feeling that he was going to be spending a lot of time with her. So, it would be good to know who she was. But he imagined there'd be plenty of time for that - hopefully. 

Nodding his head, he finally said, "I've been entrusted to take over my family business, since I was an only child. And although I was born in New York, I grew up all around the world. My parents enjoyed being on the circuit, as a lot of expats call it, which I enjoyed, too. It was a great experience living in so many different countries. But eventually, in my late teens, we settled in Hong Kong, which I love, and then when my dad passed away two years ago, the family business was mine." 

She squeezed his hand. "Oh, sorry to hear about your dad." Then a moment later, she asked, "But do you enjoy running your business?" 

He nodded, a little surprised she'd ask that, since no one ever had. "I do. Right now I'm making some changes, shaking things up and making it more my own." 

He seemed more than comfortable with himself, she sensed that right off the bat, and Jamie figured he had money, but he didn't seem to wear it, like so many wealthy people did. And he'd ordered a beer, not twenty year old Scotch. Smiling over at him, already, she decided there was a lot to like about him. Even aside from the fact that guy really knew how to kiss. 

And when the attendant came back and asked if they'd like beef, chicken or salmon for their meal and they both went with fish, once the brunette left them their drinks, Clark said to Jamie, "You know, if you enjoy seafood, then you're going to love living in Hong Kong. I'll have to take you out on a junk trip. It'll be a fun day, and we can even swim off the boat in the South China Sea. And later we can stop in one of the seafood restaurants on one of the Outlying Islands. And I guarantee you, it'll be some of the best you'll ever have. I've gone with friends and had fifteen courses, with almost nothing but amazing seafood." 

Jamie loved the idea of that. "Wow. That does sound good." And it wasn't lost on her that he was already making plans for them - which she really didn't mind, since she was really hoping she'd see him again after they'd landed. 

Once they'd eaten and both had a second drink, Jamie, having trouble keeping her eyes open, smiled when he noticed, and thoughtfully put their arm rests up and pulled her against him so she could rest her head on his shoulder. And then dropping a kiss on the top of her head, he said, "It's a long flight, so you might want to try and get some sleep." 

If she still could, now that she was snuggling with him. Because - oh - my - god, up close like this, he even smelled amazing, too. Turning her head, she took a whiff, and actually felt her pussy getting wet again just from the uber masculine scent of him. And when she awoke a few hours later, she realized he'd put a blanket over her and his head was lightly resting on hers now, too. And it felt nice, to be so close to him, really nice actually. 

Well, now that they'd kissed and basically slept together, she figured there was only one thing left to do. And hopefully soon, since she had a feeling that a guy who could kiss the way he did, would be amazing in the sack. 

After Clark had thoroughly kissed her again, ostensibly just to get her through the landing, lined up at customs in Hong Kong, comfortably holding each other's hand, he said, "Hey, I forgot to ask where you're staying." 

"Oh, I think it's the Park Lane. All I know is it's across from Victoria Park, where I stayed the first time I was here." 

"Yeah, I know it. It's a nice hotel. So, have you got a ride into the city?" 

She shook her head. "The bank offered to send me a driver but I told them I'd just take the bus." She leaned close and quietly confided, "I didn't want to come off as too high maintenance before I even started." 

He laughed. Probably a good idea. But she didn't strike him as demanding; in fact he couldn't remember ever feeling more at ease with a woman, she just seemed so down to earth. And already it was like they'd known each other for years, and not just a few hours. "Well, I can take you. My driver should be waiting out in front." 

Smiling up into the warmth of his blue eyes, she squeezed his hand and said, "Thanks," already having a good feeling about him. 

And once they got out of the airport, Jamie liked the fact that Clark seemed to have a rapport with his driver. Clapping him on the back and shaking his hand like a friend, as soon as he saw him, and even taking a moment to introduce them. "Jamie Lockhart, this is my old friend and driver, Tommy Lee, and Tommy this is my new friend, Jamie." 

Tommy, a slightly chubby graying man, grinned from ear to ear as he shook her hand and said, "Very nice to meet you, Miss Lockhart," before he winked at his boss making Clark chuckle and nod is head. 

Unaware of their little interplay, Jamie said, "It's just Jamie, Tommy, and it's nice to meet you, too," before she quickly scooted inside and across the lush cream leather backseat once Clark opened the rear door of the shiny black Mercedes sedan for her, seeing as the police were busy circling, ready to hand out tickets. 

And once they got inside, Clark took her hand again and gave it a squeeze then leaning close he brushed a kiss to her cheek, telling her, "Now I can hardly wait to show you around. And I think you're going to like it here." 

With him, she had a feeling she was going to love it. Of course she'd enjoyed the fascinating city when she'd come before and everyone she'd met seemed pretty nice, but now that she'd met him, she had a feeling everything would be different than she'd first imagined. She wouldn't be so on her own, struggling to figure things out, and if she was lucky she might even have him to show her around. She grinned, biting down on her lip, and hopefully so much more. 

Once they crossed the massive bridge that took them off the island away from the airport, and were headed toward the city, Clark asked her, "Are you tired?" 

When she shook her head, and said, "No, not really, surprisingly I slept pretty well on the plane." She knew it was most likely because she felt relaxed and safe with him snuggled up nice and close beside her. With him to help her through it, it had to have been to be the best flight she'd ever had. 

"Then once you get settled in your hotel, why don't we go have some lunch? You've got Food Street right by your hotel, so there'll be lots to choose from." She quickly nodded, already on board, as it occurred to her as she looked him over again, that she actually liked him, aside from his insanely hot looks, and was looking forward to spending time with him, too - loads of it, actually, if he'd be up for it. 

As they'd made their way through the stop go and traffic of busy Central Hong Kong, crawling their way east to Causeway Bay, her eyes were as big as saucers the entire trip. It was just such a bustling city with people milling everywhere she looked, and every inch of space seemed to be utilized. And coming from a green place like Canada, she noticed there wasn't any grass, or even a tree to be seen, just building after building each one taller than the next, but some of them real architectural gems. And there were just so many neon signs. The whole place was enthralling. And she could even smell the flavors of the food in the air, whetting her appetite. Already, she had a feeling Clark was right, and she was going to love living here. 
