 Note: This story is very, very short and fast paced. More importantly, it is all 100% real! Hope you like reading it as much as we enjoyed our 'lunch'!


Francesca sighed. From the moment she had stepped into the office the phone had not stopped ringing and each problem seemed to grow arms and legs. She sipped her coffee and looked at her phone. Nothing. Deciding to cheer herself up she decided to text Michael. 

'Hey sexy, having crap day at work. You up to much? X'

She smiled as a reply came back instantly.

'Just getting ready for work. Let me come and give it to you before I go! X' 

Francesca grinned.

'Mmm, you serious? I'd love to go back to work after lunch with a stomach full of spunk!'

'Deal. I'll be at the office in twenty minutes. I can't stop long though."

Francesca felt her heart flutter. She was always excited about seeing Michael and she quickly ran to the bathroom to check herself over. Standing in black trousers and a sheer cream blouse she admired her cleavage. She brushed her black, straight, shoulder length hair and topped up her lip gloss. Her blue eyes were enhanced by smokey shades and eyeliner. She pouted and smiled at the mirror with a devilish smile.

She watched the clock for the next fifteen minutes and ran to the street outside as Michael called. She approached his car with a smile and noticed he didn't look happy. She admired his muscular body through his uniform. Seeing those gold stripes turned her on every time she saw him. She got in and smiled expectantly.

'You okay?' Francesca asked quietly, her eyes and lips sparkling in the sunlight.

'Not really, I've got to be in earlier, I can't stay any longer than' he pauses and checks his watch '5 minutes?'

'What? 5 minutes? But we can't go anywhere or do ANYTHING then! Kiss me!' 

Michael leant forward and gently kissed Francesca's lips, savouring the sweet taste of her gloss. He drove out of the industrial estate and pulled over by a newly built vacant office building. Michael left the engine running as Francesca kissed him passionately, gripping his cock through his trousers. Michael moved her hand and frantically unzipped the trousers and released his flaccid cock. With no hesitation Francesca eagerly sucked the soft tip and held the base firmly in her fingers. His cock didn't stay soft for long as Francesca worked her tongue around the head and down his shaft. Precum oozed onto her skilled tongue and Francesca savoured the sweet taste, eagerly working her lips right the way down to the base of his cock, forcing her to gag on him. Michael moaned louder as she gagged, he was desperate to cum, knowing that he only had moments to spare before he had to get to work.

Francesca relentlessly sucked, her head bouncing up and down as she hungrily sucked him. Her hand cupped his balls and her other gripped his shaft, her hand following her mouth and wanking him as though her life depended on it. Michael roughly gripped Francesca's hair and she moaned in pain as he gripped harder. He was so close to cumming, he needed to explode in Francesca's sweet, young mouth. She was such a good cock sucker. He couldn't believe how deeply she was sucking him now. He knew he was going to explode soon as Francesca sucked even harder and faster.

'Careful babes don't get make up on my uniform!'

'Mmmm feed me your cum, fucking cum in my slutty mouth!' Francesca cried, surprising herself at how debase she had become.

Michael didn't need any more encouragement and yelled as his hot cum sprayed Francesca's throat. He could feel the movements of her mouth as she swallowed the first spurt and the second and he shuddered as she gently pulled away from his cock, taking care to ensure she had cleaned his cock of cum. She looked down at his cock and admired the clean head, before turning to Michael and opening her mouth.

'Mmm look alllllll gone. Am I a good girl?' Francesca playfully whispered, a devilish glint in her eye. Michael frantically fastened his trousers and straightened himself.

'Come here you sexy bitch.' He whispered, kissing her on her lips while forcefully grabbing her breasts. 'I've got to go now babes, that was amazing!'

Francesca grinned and leaned over to kiss Michael. The scent of her perfume lingered in the air as she climbed out of the car and waved, before turning and walking back to her office. Michael watched her arse move as he waited to turn out of the street. He couldn't believe it, she had only been in the car for 5 minutes! He smiled as he sped to work.

Francesca looked at her watch as she sat down at her desk. She couldn't believe she had just let Michael use her to swallow his cum. She licked her lips and smiled to herself. Her day had become a whole lot better!