 Bobby sat in the wicker chair and sipped his beer. His best friend, Roger, was drinking a few with him. They were watching football on Roger's big screen TV. Roger's wife, Marissa, was busy bringing food and more beer to the two. Every time she was a little slow, Roger would get angry and yell at her. Such was life in the Filipino community in the little town in the San Joaquin valley.

"C'mon Roger, lighten up. She's going as fast as she can," said Bobby.

"Not fast enough!" exclaimed Roger, his Filipino heritage getting the better of him. The more he drank, the meaner he got.

Finally, Bobby could take no more. "I'll be back when you can be nice, maybe you should go to bed," he said as he walked out the door and got into his car. 

Bobby could not understand Roger's impatience with his wife. Marissa was gentle and kind and she did everything for Roger. She had borne him two beautiful daughters. Bobby suspected that the lack of a son was Roger's main problem. He also knew that Marissa had been forced on him by Filipino tradition. His first love was still in the Philippines. Bobby really liked Marissa and hoped he could help her. He had talked to Roger several times. Roger had to listen because Bobby was 6' 4" and Roger was an even 5'. He was certain that Bobby could kick his ass and he was right!

Bobby walked into his house and opened another beer, pondering what to do about Roger. It wasn't really any of his business, but he was slowly getting the idea that he would have to rescue Marissa.

Two weeks later at 7:00 PM on a Saturday night, there was a meek tapping at his door. When he opened it, there stood Marissa. She was weeping openly, had a black eye and her nose was bleeding.

"Come in here!" Bobby commanded. As he led her to the living room, he wondered what had happened to her. She sat on the sofa crying loudly. "What happened," Bobby demanded as he turned off the TV.

"Roger hit me," she whimpered.

"Why?" Roger asked softly.

"I, I, I guess he didn't like his supper," she stammered. She was almost incoherent.

"I've had enough of that son of a bitch!" Bobby almost shouted. "I'll go over there right now and kick his dumb ass!"

"No, no please don't leave me alone," she cried. "Can I stay at your house tonight? Please?"

"You know you can. Where does Roger think you are right now?"

"I told him I was going to mama's house in Palm Springs."

"Let's have a look at that eye. Have you eaten anything?"

"No." she said demurely.

"I'll order a pizza and we'll take care of your eye while we wait. Come over here in the light, lie down and let me take a look."

She slid down the sofa and lay down. He leaned over her and took a long, careful look at her eye, deciding that time would heal it. Retrieving a cold, wet compress from the bathroom, he got her nose to stop bleeding. She sat up and he sat beside her. He put his arm around her and she leaned into his chest. She was almost lost in his arms. She was only 4' 8" and weighed a whopping 90 pounds.

"I could kill that asshole for hurting a beautiful little flower like you," Bobby whispered to her.

"Oh Bobby you have always been so nice to me. I don't know what I would do if you weren't here."

The doorbell rang and the pizza was delivered. She dived right in as if she hadn't eaten in a week. He got her a soda from the 'fridge. They ate silently until the entire pizza was gone. 

She resumed her position on the sofa and beckoned to him. Without hesitation he sat next to her and once again put his arm around her. He hugged her with both arms and she kind of melted into him.

She trembled a little and looked up into his eyes. "Make love to me, Bobby," she sighed.

With no reluctance at all he started unbuttoning her blouse. "Roger deserves this," he thought. To her he said, "Are you sure this is what you want?"

"I have wanted you for years," she replied, "but I was afraid that you would think I was a slut if I told you."

"I have wanted you for a long time too, but I was afraid if I told you Roger would get pissed off and I wouldn't see you anymore. I couldn't have that!"

She quickly peeled off his t-shirt. There was a sharp intake of breath when she saw how hairy he was. Roger had almost no body hair. She dragged her fingers through it and tugged at it lightly. "Wow!" was her only comment. She wondered what other surprises Bobby had hidden away beneath the rest of his clothes. It didn't take long for her to find out.

Bobby stood up and removed her bra. She had small, perfect little tits. They were just exactly right. He leaned down and tenderly kissed them. Then he took off her skirt and shoes. Her legs were beautiful and just properly proportioned for her little body.

She pulled off his jogging shorts and his boxers. Another loud gasp escaped her as she stared at the 7" cock in front of her. She had only heard about equipment this size; she always thought it was lies meant to scare her.

He peeled off her panties and gazed upon a perfect hairless pussy. It was not unusual for oriental girls to have little or no pubic hair, but every time he saw one, he was fascinated. "Open your legs," he said gently. 

"Are you going to do it now/" she asked with a trembling voice.

"No, first I'm going to show you something you'll love." He dived on her bare pussy. He started by licking the inside of her thighs, coming close to her vulva but not quite touching it. He drew back and looked at her little pink asshole. "I'll save that for later," he said to himself as he resumed his trip up her legs. His hands were busily massaging her tits. He inhaled the fragrance of her womanhood. It had a beautiful, aphrodisiac quality. He gently kissed her pussy lips and then licked her slit hard.

She was moaning. Roger had never kissed her pussy, much less licked it. New sensations traveled up to her brain. About that time, Bobby reached her clit. He spread the hood open and licked the tip very gently. Her mind exploded into a thousand little, horny pieces. He sucked her clit between his lips and rapidly flicked his tongue across it. Her hips were bucking wildly as she lost control of her mind.

Bobby lapped up the pussy juice that was draining profusely from her snatch. Boy did it taste great! He continued to lap and lick and suck until he could feel her getting tense. Her muscles hardened up as she experienced the most violent orgasm she had ever had.

"Roger was nothing like this!" she thought. She vowed to return to Bobby no matter what her situation. She looked between her thighs and saw Bobby smiling at her. "Oh god Bobby, I've never felt anything like that before," she exclaimed.

"We're just getting started honey," he smiled.

She saw that his cock had gotten very hard. She reached out and wrapped her fingers around it. Her little fingers gently stroked it. As she played with it the fear of it left her mind and was replaced by primeval lust. "Please Bobby, don't wait any longer. I must have it now!" she shouted.

He picked her up and carried her to his bed. She lay nude upon the covers. A perfect little woman. "How could Roger be so goddamned stupid," he thought as he lay down next to her. She turned to him and offered her lips which he greedily accepted. Their first kiss. It was one of the sweetest he had ever experienced. He rolled over on her tiny form, supporting himself on his forearms. Once again, they locked their lips together.

When the kiss broke she said softly, "Now, do it now."

Bobby rubbed his cock against her nether lips and started to push forward. The head slipped in and he stopped to see if she would take it.

"More, more, give it all to me," she begged.

He slowly slipped it into her. She was wriggling and moaning, crying softly. He stopped again. "No, no, I'm okay. I'll tell you later," she whispered.

He sank his whole shaft into her pussy. She groaned and grunted a little. "So big, so nice, don't stop. Move it faster."

He started to slip in and out of her. Soon she called for more speed. He went faster, she demanded more. She felt so good. For a woman who had two kids, she was incredibly tight. He concluded that Roger must be hung like a mouse.

She was now meeting his every thrust. So skillful, so slick, so tight. He regretted not making a move on her sooner. She was panting hard. Her pussy had his cock in a death grip. He knew the end was near. "I'll be there soon," he panted, "Where do you want it?"

"You must give it to me! I don't want any leaking out. I want it all in me."

He felt her pussy starting to flex around his cock. The end was near for her too. Her breathing was rapid and ragged. So was his. She bucked her hips up and screamed, "Yes, yes, yes." He slammed his dick all the way into her and started squirting his baby juice into her. "Don't pull it out. Leave it in me," she whispered. 

They coasted down from the wild orgasm. He left it in her. She smiled at him and he got a funny feeling deep within himself. "What was the crying about?"

"It suddenly occurred to me that this was the first time I ever made love to anyone but Roger. It was so much better than him. We must do this a lot, every chance we get."

"I'm for that," Bobby replied. "What about your family?"

"They don't have to know. I have always been quiet and shy, so they would never suspect I have a hot lover hidden away."

"I hope we can make it work," said Bobby. "I don't want to quit either." He felt himself starting to swell again inside her.

"Oh good, round two," she remarked as she felt his dick growing inside her. She squeezed him as tightly as she could.

"My arms are tired honey," he said, "You get on top for a while."

"What will I do? I've never been on top before."

"We'll just roll over so I'm on the bottom. Use your imagination." It was going to be so much fun teaching her uninhibited sex!

They rolled over and she settled onto his dick. "Oh that's different!" she exclaimed. "You can get to parts of me you couldn't before. Oh boy!" And with that she started bouncing up and down on Bobby's rigid cock. She was having a great time. Her fight with Roger was drifting away from her memory. 

They didn't stop fucking each other until 2:00 AM. By then they were both worn out. She curled up in the shelter of his arm and went to sleep. She was snoring lightly, like a puppy.

"What a fine, fine woman," Bobby thought as he drifted away into dreamland.

The telephone rang at 8:00 AM. "Hello," answered Bobby.

"Bobby, it's me, Roger. Have you seen Marissa?"

"No what happened? Did you lose her?"

"No, I got drunk last night and hit her. She said she was going to her mother's place in Palm Springs, but when I called, she wasn't there."

"I don't know where your wife is, pal, but I do know that you have got to slow down on that drinking and stop leaning on her so hard. From what I've seen she's a really sweet girl and you treat her like a dog. She doesn't deserve that. I'm sure she'll come back in a day or two. Maybe she went to her cousin's house in Las Vegas."

"I hadn't thought of that. Thanks Bobby," he said as he hung up.

"Boy, you're one great liar," Marissa grinned from the pillow.

"Force of habit," Bobby replied. "You know you'll have to go home eventually, don't you?"

"I know. I wish I could just stay here, but my girls need me. When I go back, would you take me?"

"Sure thing honey," I vowed.

They spent that day and night screwing each other to death. It was like a honeymoon. In a way, it was a honeymoon. It was their first experience with each other. 

Morning came. Marissa said, "I guess you better take me home now. I don't want to go. Let's do it one more time."

"Your wish is my command," Bobby replied as he rolled onto her. 

His cock slid easily into her well fucked pussy and she moaned her approval. She returned his thrusts, wanting more of his love. Unbeknownst to Bobby, she had fallen in love with him. Roger was the last person she wanted to see. They had a final shower together and got into his car. He could tell she wasn't very happy about this, but he knew she had to go back.

Roger answered the door on the first ring. "Where the hell have you been?" he roared and made a grab for her. 

Bobby grabbed the front of his shirt and hoisted him off the ground. He said in a low menacing tone, "The days of you beating Marissa are now officially over. If you touch her and hurt her again, I'll be right over to kick your ass. After that, I'll call the cops and have you arrested for assault. DO YOU UNDERSTAND?"

Roger was pissed off, but he was also scared. He had never seen Bobby like this. "Where has she been?" he meekly asked.

"I don't know and I don't care," said Bobby, lowering Roger to the floor. "She showed up at my place this morning and asked for a ride home. Look at that eye. Goddamn it! You better get off the sauce and start being a husband. If you want to be my friend, that's fine, we can still have a few beers together, but you've got to stop being a mean, miserable drunk."

"I'll try, Bobby, I'll try."

"I'm going to leave her here and I better not hear that you abused her."

"I won't, I promise."

Bobby headed for home. He was still shaking when he got there. "I should have just taken her in and not given her back." He told himself. He knew he'd be kicking his own ass forever.

Three weeks later, there came a gentle rap on his door. He hoped it was her. He had dreamed of her every night. She owned his soul. He opened the door and his heart leaped like a gazelle. There she stood. No black eye this time.

He stared at her and his mouth was gaping open as she said, "Well can I come in?"

"Oh yeah, forgive me. I was just so taken with you being here."

"I can only stay a couple of hours," she quietly whispered.

"How has Roger been treating you?" Bobby asked, concerned.

"He doesn't hit me anymore, but he won't make love to me either. I don't care. I don't love him anymore."

"So, you have saved all that wonderful pussy for me."

"I hadn't thought of it that way, but I guess I have," she laughed. "Come on, we don't have much time!"

"I haven't been out with anyone either. I don't think I could concentrate on other women when I think about you all the time," Bobby said as he removed her shirt and bra. He tenderly kissed her little tits and sucked her nipples one at a time. She moaned and yanked off his t-shirt.

They stumbled into the bedroom together. As the rest of their clothes hit the floor, Bobby asked, "Why don't you divorce him and marry me?"

"Not until my girls are of age. I don't want to leave them unprotected in his house."

"They could live with us," Bobby panted as she dropped to her knees and engulfed his cock. "Oh god, you're going to kill me." He moaned.

She smiled around his dick and winked at him. She bobbed her head up and down taking in as much of him as she could. His toes curled, his nuts retracted and he started cumming. Three weeks of stored up love juice shot into her mouth. She attempted to swallow it all but some still dribbled out and down her chin. She pulled him out of her mouth and continued stroking him with her hand.

He picked her up and laid her gently on the bed. She automatically spread her legs in happy anticipation of coming events. She didn't have to wait long. Like a starving man on a hamburger, Bobby immediately started licking and kissing her feet and sucking her toes. She didn't even suspect that people did this to each other. Her pussy was wet in a flash. It felt so good! How come she had never thought of this?

He licked up the inside of both her legs and kissed the backs of her knees. His tongue laid a wet trail directly to her waiting pussy. He tenderly licked her vagina and then plunged his tongue into her hungry cunt. He could feel her trying to grip his tongue with her pussy, but it was much too slick.

"Don't stop," she whimpered. "I want more, more."

Bobby happily obliged her request. He slid his tongue up her vagina and licked her urethra. He grasped her clit with his lips and sucked gently. She went wild; thrashing so hard she almost bucked him off. Somehow he managed to keep her clit between his lips and rapidly stroked the tip with his tongue.

"Oh, yes, yes, yes, yes!" she screamed as she came all over his face.

He drank all of her sweet offerings and licked yet some more. She had an orgasm again. He slithered up her body like a reptile and soon his cock was at the entrance to her heaven.

"Now Bobby, please don't make me wait. Do it now!!!"

He shoved his full length into her and she grunted in appreciation. Immediately he started stroking her. She was emitting little mouse like squeaks. He increased the speed of his strokes. She met every thrust. "Nobody has ever felt this good," he thought. 

All too soon, he started to tremble. She was also near her climax. They thrust together in a wild, rapturous mutual orgasm. He collapsed on top of her, forgetting how small she was. "You're squashing me," she whispered.

"Oops, I forgot," he replied as he rolled off.

They showered and dressed. She prepared to leave. "God, I hate to see you go," Bobby remarked.

"I know honey, but it must be this way for a while longer."

"How much longer?"

"Kathy, my oldest will be eighteen in two years. Then there will Kim the year after that."

"Three years," Bobby moaned. "That's like a prison sentence!"

"I know honey, but I'll be in that prison with you. There are always conjugal visits, you know," she grinned.

"When can I see you again?" Bobby asked.

"Just as soon as I can make it happen. I'll try to hurry!" and with that, she walked out the door and was gone again.

It turned out that she could make it every two weeks or so. Bobby looked forward to her bi-weekly visits with happy anticipation. During each visit, he tried to talk her into divorcing Roger and marrying him. 

For the next two years, Bobby waited anxiously for her daughter, Kathy to graduate. Finally, the big day came. Bobby went to the ceremony. The girls had always thought of him as "Uncle Bobby" and they liked him a lot. When Kathy came down the steps from the podium she hugged them all fiercely. "I'm off to college this fall," she said excitedly. "I can't wait!"

Marissa whispered in Bobby's ear, "She can't wait to get out of the house. I don't blame her. I wish it was me."

"One more year, sweetheart, one more year." Bobby replied and sat back with a smile on his face.

Marissa continued her romantic soirées through the summer. At the end of July, she showed up one day with Kathy in tow. This totally confused Bobby. "What's up? Have you two run away from home?"

The two women exchanged doubtful glances and didn't say anything for a full minute. Kathy broke the silence. "I know about your arrangement with mom. I have something to ask you."

Bobby was completely puzzled and a little irritated. He really had no idea of what was going on. "What did you tell her?" he asked Marissa.

"I told her everything," Marissa said.

"Why?" he asked cautiously.

"Listen to what she has to say and then if you want me to go away, I will."

"Okay, but this had better be good!" he exclaimed. 

Kathy quietly said, "A few weeks ago, I told mama that I really wanted to go to college, but I was afraid of the boys I would run into there. I knew that sooner or later one of them would pry my panties off. I don't want to give my cherry to some college stud that will take it and then brag to all his friends. I also heard that the first time hurts a lot so I wanted to find someone that I really liked a lot. I told her that 'someone' was you. That's when she confessed your relationship with her to me, and why you had it, and everything."

"Me? I am older than your father. You are like a daughter to me. I don't know if I could do it."
