 "Talk dirty to me, bunny," Steve requested.

"What about, baby?" Lori asked as she rubbed her all-natural D-cup breasts up and down Steve's hard cock.

"Tell me one of your fantasies." He played with her long red hair.

"One of my fantasies?" She licked a circle around the head of his penis. "I wish there were three of you sometimes."

"So I could mow the lawn, take out the trash, and do the dishes all at the same time?" He laughed.

"No! Although that would be nice. No, so all of you could fuck me."

"Really?" She had his attention.

"I've always wondered what it would be like to be gang banged. All filled up and still wanting more. Three or four or five or six of you all over me and making me do whatever you wanted."

It didn't take Steve too long to squirt all over his wife's freckled breasts as she described her fantasy in lurid detail. He was amazed at how fast the idea brought him to orgasm. Right after the orgasm though, he felt a twinge of letdown. He knew the fantasy would stay that, just a fantasy.

They were new to the city, thanks her to job transfer, and they knew no one. They were far from friends, and he certainly wasn't going to call up strangers from the worldwide web or swinger's magazines to satisfy his wife's curiosity.

They were still unpacking from the move. Steve was digging through a box of books when he found his coffee table book of Bettie Page photographs. He smiled as he flipped through it, remembering the used book store he'd bought it in, and the delight he felt as a teen and even now as he admired Bettie's timeless beauty.

Then he saw a great fetish picture of her tied to a large ottoman, and a plan was formed. Rushed with excitement, Steve jumped up and looked around for another box. He tore off into the bedroom, while Lori called from the kitchen.

"Are you all right?"

"Fine!" He called back as he flipped open boxes near the bed. He dug through shoes, stationary, candles, and Lori's collection of Madonna CD's until her found it. It was a simple box clearly marked "BEDROOM". He tore it open and reached in to pull out one of Lori's dildoes. It was a thick silicone one, with nubs at the base. He pulled a small vibe out of the box, a butt plug, and still more toys that were in Lori's collection. It was a good sized menagerie that she had built through college. She hadn't used most of them in over a year.

Steve hefted the box under his arm and grabbed a silk scarf from a nightstand. He marched straight to the kitchen. Lori was there, putting away canned goods into the cabinets. She was dressed in a floppy cotton shirt and cute work-out shorts. Her long red hair was up in a pony tail, and she didn't notice him as she crept up behind her.

"Hey! What are you doin'?" She asked in her Texas drawl as he draped the scarf over her eyes.

"Quiet," he growled. Once the blindfold was secure, he led her by the hand to the living room and pushed her down by the shoulders until she kneeled by their large ottoman. Lori usually liked to be dominated, and she was not objecting. She was smiling with wild curiosity.

"What am I supposed to do?" She asked.

"Suck my cock, bunny," he ordered and roughly pulled her forward by the hair, which she also loved. She laid across the ottoman, her mouth already open for him as he slid between her lips.

"Mmmm, this is nice." She patted the ottoman as she licked at him. Her mouth slid up and down on him as his strong hands slid down her back. He squeezed her butt and gave her a quick spank, which made her gasp in delight. He slid her short down, and she obliged by pushing them down further and casting them across the room.

"Get your pussy all wet and slippery for me, bunny," Steve commanded. She responded immediately, rubbing her clit and teasing her slit. Her other hand held him in her mouth, squeezing him at the base and tickling his balls. Her lips smacked and slurped all around him.

She grew wetter by the moment. Her fingers started sinking into herself, and she swirled hot juice around her clit. Steve groaned as her loving mouth worked up and down on him. He smiled and watched as Lori reached back to sink her fingers into her wet puss.

"Where are you going?" She asked as he slid from her mouth. She could hear him moving around the ottoman and kneeling behind her.

"Not far," he told her and slid his hard cock inside her. She gasped. He seemed bigger than usual. He was hot tonight, and he was going to let her have it, that was for certain.

Steve's cock slid back and forth with ease in her wet cunt. He grabbed her roughly by the hips and pumped back and forth. The ottoman jerked on the Oriental rug and her hands groped about to steady the both of them.

Lori gasped in shock as she felt cool gel splash down between her ass cheeks. The cold lube quickly warmed up on her hot skin as Steve's thumb worked it over her tight hole and teased her ass.

"F-found my t-toys?" She stuttered as he continued fucking her.

He didn't answer. He simply slid a gel butt plug, shaped like a five inch cock, into her ass. She let out a long sigh and scratched at the Oriental rug. He slowed his hips to a stop and pumped the plug in and out of her. She grunted like an animal and thumped on the carpet. He shoved it back inside and began slamming into her again.

"Oh yes! Fuck me!" She groaned. "Fu - "

Steve cut her off by grabbing her pony tail and jerking her head back. She smiled and groaned as he pulled at her hair and pushed his cock into her again and again. She panted and turned her head, hoping to catch a glimpse of him through the blindfold. Soon, she felt another jelly cock, this one much larger, sliding across her lips and plunging into her mouth. She greedily sucked at it as Steve plunged it in-between her lips at nearly the same speed as his cock inside her juicy puss.

"You wanted gang banged, so you're going to get it," he growled into her ear. She nearly purred her pleasure on the fat toy cock between her lips, but whined as he slid his cock out of her. He grabbed her nearest hand and put it between her legs. Her fingers needed no encouragement to rub all over her clit.

Steve slid her seven inch jelly vibe into her clit, turning it up full blast. She giggled and grabbed it, sinking it deep inside her with slow, deliberate thrusts.

She lost track of him for a moment, until the fat six inch toy cock slipped from her lips and Steve's took its place. She licked and sucked hungrily at him, but he was soon joined by the fat cock again. Both pushed and slid all over her face. She switched back and forth, trying to give attention to both while her hand pumped the churning vibe inside her. She wrapped her lips around both heads as best she could.

Steve suddenly disappeared and left her with the fat cock between her teeth. He snatched the vibe from her and soon she had three cocks in her face, and another still in her ass.

Lori licked at the three cocks, two still tasting of her sopping cunt. They slid all over her face like snakes. They slapped her cheeks and prodded at her cheeks and chin.

"C'mon, bitch, suck us all," Steve ordered. The sound of his words drove her wild. She turned her head this way and that, getting at them as best she could. She grabbed at them, trying to shove them all into her aching mouth.

Steve disappeared again. Lori kept at the two toy cocks in her hands. She licked and sucked on both alternately as Steve lifted her up to a kneeling position and then turned her around. She was shoved back onto the ottoman, and she grunted as Steve slid his hard cock back into her.

He rammed away at her like a man possessed. She gulped and slurped at the two cocks she held in her mouth. She felt another, thinner, but still long, slide between her breasts and Steve kneaded them together. Her head was spinning. Her body was tingling all over. Her cheeks ached and she didn't care. She bucked against him and they collapsed off the ottoman to the floor as they came.

They came together in hard, sharp bursts. They cried out and rolled their eyes back in their heads. Lori tossed the dildoes away and Steve's hips never stopped moving. She tried to push herself away, before she passed out, but he held onto her. He clutched at her breasts and pumped until his hips were too weak to continue. They soon fell asleep on the floor.

Steve woke up later. His face felt like it was stuck to the Oriental rug, but he managed to sit up. He looked around for Lori, but she wasn't there. There was a note on the coffee table, however. He snatched it up and read.

"I went to the toy store to get you some things. See you soon."

He headed to the kitchen to replenish his fluids.