 Authors note:

This is part of the 1 Mans Adventures series. This, as all the other stories in this series, prior and forthcoming, are all at least partially true. The acts in these stories actually did take place, the names have been changed and the memories magnified. However, the places and acts described are actual events that have happened to me during my lifetime. The stories have no chronological order, instead are written as I recall and fantasize about my experiences.

If you enjoy reading this, or any other 1 Mans Adventure stories, I would love to receive your comments, reactions, and any pictures you would like to send. I can be contacted via email at the email address in my author profile. Click on my name above to access it.

* * * * *

1 Man's Adventures: Any Friend Of Wife Is A Friend Of Mine

My wife, Jeannette, had stayed close with her friends from high school through the years. Sure, they had gone separate ways during college, but in the years following, all had stayed pretty close. So it was often that the various groups got together.

We were all in our late 20's, all trying to find our "Soul Mates" (I of course had already found mine). Stacy and I had always had a flirtatious thing going on. Jeannette never noticed, or if she did, never said anything. I met this group of friends soon after we started dating, and if I can be blunt, Stacy always said to everyone who was within ear shot that I was the perfect man and she wished she could find someone like me.

Jeannette and I have a pathetic sex life. Put simply, I'm into it, she isn't. At the point of this escapade, we had been married for 3 months and hadn't had ANY sex. You aren't reading it wrong. NONE. I can't even say she wasn't interested. She loved being touched (nothing inserted. Just rub right there, honey...) but she was scared to actually have sex. She wasn't really in to touching me, oral was just a thing that was disgusting... 

This particular group is a small group. Jeannette (and me), Jen, Stacy and Rod. Jeannette's gorgeous, someday, if I ever get to have sex with her, I'll write about that and describe her to you. Jen and Rod aren't very attractive, and they don't count anyway because I haven't fucked them. Stacy, is not what one would call attractive, really. But there's something about her that's oddly sexual. OK. I'll just be blunt. She has "cock sucker" lips. Big pouty lips, and a wide mouth. From the very first time I met her I had that impression. Aside from that she's not ugly, but not attractive either. Just "doable". She's kinda heavy set although not really fat, kinda small tits, big hips, big ass... Just a big girl without being fat.

Anyway, we were out for dinner with this group, Stacy and I always got along well, and were sitting next to each other. Jeannette, Jen and Rod got up to use the restroom. Stacy and I hung out at the table.

"I'm going to be blunt. If you don't want to answer you don't have to. OK?" She obviously had something on her mind. 

"Sure. Ask away." "How's the sex life now that you're newlyweds?" "We never had sex before, and haven't had since. Jeannette's still a virgin. That about says it all, don't you think?"

"NO WAY! I don't believe it." She looked stunned. When I didn't respond, she realized I was serious. And moved ahead carefully. "So... You haven't had sex for 3 years?"

Now, here's where it gets touchy. Of course I had been with other women during the dating years. But not since I had been married. I was still hopeful that she'd get into it and all would be OK, but that was delusional, and I was quickly finding out that it wasn't going to happen. BUT. I didn't know where this was going to go, and didn't want to arm Jeannette's friends with information that would get me in trouble.

"Nope. I've been waiting trying to stay faithful to her, but frankly, it's getting more difficult every day." "So you would cheat on her?" "If the right situation came along. But it never will, so I'm just spending a lot of time with 'myself' if you know what I mean." "The right situation?" "It's simple, Stacy. I would never do anything to hurt Jeannette. So, there would have to be three conditions met for me to be with another woman. A) There would have to be NO chance Jeannette would find out. B) The woman would have to understand that I love Jeannette with all my heart, will never leave her, and not want to date. Just be a playmate. C) No chance of any diseases or kids. And since those three things can not happen, there's no way I'll ever do it. But if they did, I would in a second." "Well... It could happen. You just have to find the right girl." "Yeah. I'm gonna put up a sign that says wanted: fuck buddy -- if you want a relationship go elsewhere."

She burst out laughing. "No, silly. I mean, you have to pick someone who'd be dis..." Just then the other girls came back and our conversation was over for the night.

Jeannette was a graduate student at the time, and one night a week had classes from 5-9. When she was at night class, the phone rang. It was Stacy. "I wanted to continue our conversation from the other day..." "OK..." "I was saying, you need someone who'll be discreet, someone who wouldn't want to hurt Jeannette or you. Someone who's in transition in relationships or married and unhappy. Someone who just wants a good time." "Oh, yeah. That could happen. I'll just bump into a woman that meets those criteria." "How about me? I'd never do anything to hurt either of you, I'm looking for Mr. Right, but he isn't available right now, I'm on the pill, you know me..."

I was shocked. Stacy had just told me that she'd want to hook up. I had fantasized many times about her lips wrapped around my cock, and it was twitching now thinking about the prospect. The deal was settled, We'd try it and see what happened. If it didn't work out or was uncomfortable we would just walk away.

The next Thursday when the wife was at class, the doorbell rang. I knew who it was. I was dressed in sweats, and a tshirt that I lounge around the house in. Stacy looked as good as she ever did... Tight jeans, tshirt... I invited her in. We talked for a few minutes, I offered her a drink. It was clear that neither one of us knew quite how to go from casual friends to fuck buddies (especially in the house of her best friend with the best friends husband!).

"What did you have in mind... Your bed or what?" "Yeah. I figured we could go in our bedroom, and I'd change the sheets like the good husband I am after we're through."

And off we went. We started kissing passionately, her tongue dancing with mine. My hands roaming over her body, cupping her tits, grabbing her ass, and pulling her closer to me. Her hands were working on removing my t-shirt. 

Now, if you've read other stories in the 1 Mans Adventure series, you know what I look like, and can skip ahead. The rest of you should read on. I'm about 6'9, 180 pounds, short brown hair, broad shoulders. Average size uncut cock (about 5 inches and pretty thick) -- just average in every way.

As the t-shirt went over my head, Stacy's hands were roaming over my chest, fumbling with my belt. This girl was anxious. I began pulling her shirt up too. After all, it wasn't fair that I be naked and her not. I got the shirt up over her head, continued kissing her while she was fumbling with my pants and unhooked her bra. 

Now is where I'm supposed to tell you that she had tits to die for. But, these are saggy tits with puffy nipples. Not bad, not perfect 10 quality. But hey. Who's complaining. Tits are tits.

I promptly took them in my hand and started massaging them, making the nipples respond and stiffen. She had my pants off, and my harn on was straining against my shorts. Her hand was massaging the lump that was forming, and I gotta tell you.... It felt incredible. This girl knew how to work a cock. She moved down, fished in my shorts and pulled out my rock hard cock. Without a word she swallowed it whole and began working it in and out of her mouth.

She let it out of her mouth just long enough to yank the shorts down before pulling it back in to her warm, wet mouth and working her tongue skillfully around my growing erection. My "cock sucker lips" statement was absolutely true. This young 26 year old woman knew what she was doing. Bobbing her head up and down on my cock, her thick pouty lips wrapped around me was so sexy. They were so soft, the suction she was applying was intensified by the seal of her lips around me. She could take the whole thing like nothing massage my cock with her tongue and play with my balls like it was as natural as breathing.

I managed to pull her up, and convince her to "strip tease" the rest of her clothes off while I watched. I crawled into bed and watched her slowly remove her pants and slip the panties sensually down her body. She was ready to go. Her pussy was glistening and the neatly trimmed triangle wasn't doing much to hide the fact that her lips were open and ready for action.

She crawled into bed with me, dangled her tits over my face and let me suck on the nipples which made her crazy. Her nipples are very senxitive and she loved having me suck gently on them and roll the nipples between my lips with my tongue circling them. I pushed her back to give equal treatment to both breasts before making a move to eat her out. 

She grabbed my head and shook hers. "I don't like that. Just fuck me."

I was disapointed as I love eating pussy and consider myself pretty talented at the act, but she wasn't into it, and time was short. 

She rolled us over, positioned herself right above my cock, wrapped her hand around it, and began to lower her wet pussy on it. First she rubbed it all over the parted lips getting it all wet with her juices. I grabbed her ass and pulled her down on me. My cock slid into her pussy so easily. It was tight, but so wet that there wasn't much resistance. Just a nice warm feeling all around my cock. She started rocking back and forth, building up steam before going wild. She was riding me like there was no tomorrow. I noticed her looking down watching my thick cock slide in and out of her pussy. She loved watching it as much as I do. There aren't many things more sexy than watching cock drive into dripping pussy.

She came while riding me like that, but fortunately was ready for more because I just can't get off that way. As much as I LOVE having a woman ride me, I rarely cum from that alone. I flipped her over on her hands and knees and went to work from behind. Grabbing her hips, plunging my hard cock into her pussy and having her look over her shoulder while I rammed in and out was erotic as hell! This girl was a hot little fuck. I just kept pushing away into her, hearing her moan in that sexy voice that just begs a man to go harder and faster. 

I was just about ready to explode, and I wanted to give those "cock sucker lips" a chance to finish what they had started." I begged her to cum once more for me. I could tell she was close and knew that would push her over the edge. Her moans got more heated, her voice kept raising in tone, and she started bucking when her pussy started massaging my cock.

As much as I loved feeling her cum on me, I wasn't going to hold out much longer and wanted her to finish. (Pretty sensitive, huh?) She started begging for me to cum. I told her I was ready but wanted her to turn around. I quickly pulled out, she flipped around and presented her face right in front of my twitching cock. It was swelling without any encouragement and she knew what that meant. She wrapped her hand around the base of my cock, stuck out her tongue, and began licking the bottom. She rested my cock on her tongue and in a real seductive voice said "Cum for me.. All over my face and in my mouth. I've wanted to feel and taste your cum since the first time we met."

That was it. I couldn't wait any longer. She kept jerking me off while her tongue worked it's magic, and my cock erupted all over her face, all over those perfect lips and in her mouth. The first shot spurted all over her face. A long line of cum that went from her forehead all the way to her lips was so erotic. Then she pulled my wildly spurting cock into her mouth and worked those sexy lips up and down on it just like her pussy was only seconds before. She was simulating a fucking motion with those hot lips and milking every drop of cum from my spasming cock.

She quickly got dressed, and ran out. I changed the sheets and found her panties wrapped in the pile of sheets. Jeannette was due home any minute and I didn't have time to chase Stacy down to give them back. I put them in my closet in the back, and later on in the evening took them into the bathroom and shot another load of cum right in the crotch thinking about how sexy it was fucking my wifes friend in our bed...

The next day I had e-mail from Stacy thanking me for an incredible fuck, asking for a repeat, and making sure I had found her missing panties so Jeannette wouldn't. I informed her that I had, and had a surprise for her, but that, of course, is another story. (A hot one too... You'll like it!)