 Her head sinks softly into the pillow when he places his hands on either side of her and leans down to kiss her goodbye. "Just one more for the road. . ." she pleads as he straightens up, tucking his shirt into his jeans. "I'd love to, but I'm late already" he replies. Looking down at her while she lay on the soft white sheets, he’s overcome by just how beautiful she looks with her hair flowing over her shoulder, her hand rests on the pillow, fingertips against her cheek. The lips he just kissed still a bit swollen from their passion a few moments before. Oh god, how he would love to just immerse himself into her. . .sink and be lost in that passion forever. 

"I'll miss you." she whispers. She sits up and her hands lightly graze down her breasts as she swings her legs over the side of the bed. Her long tan legs gracefully drape over the edge of the mattress, her toes barely touching the floor. He bends to kiss her neck, she arches in response, exposing her long neck to him. Soft sighs rise in her throat as his gentle warm lips find every sensitive nerve. He feels her pulse against his lips and bites lightly at the beating under her skin. 

"I already miss you and I haven't even gone," he says, resting his cheek against her neck. Kissing the top of her shoulder, tasting and biting softly at the smooth skin. She runs her hands up his neck and kisses his ear. 

"Just one more for the road," she repeats. " It can be quick . . . I like that too, hard, fast and to the point."

"Baby . . . Please" She runs a hand along the inside of his thigh, fingers gently squeezing. She moves her lips to his neck and nibbles down to his shirt collar. He stands, but she doesn't stop, persistent, she unzips his jeans . . . pulling them down over his hips as quickly as she can before he can stop her. 

But she' s not fast enough - he grabs her wrists and pulls her hands over her head, holding her wrists with one hand and dropping his pants with the other. She leans forward taking him into her mouth with eager aggression, pulling him in as far as she can take him. He holds her hands fast and guides her head with the free hand. Her slippery wet mouth glides over him in smooth rapid pulses. She moves faster and with more urgency, he gets harder. Flexing his hips and pushing into her gorgeous mouth for all it's worth. Feeling her tongue sliding along the base to the head, circling the head before plunging him deeper into her mouth again. 

He lets go of her hands . . . she him into both hands, gently massaging, pulling away then grasps him tighter and faster. He's getting closer to cumming . . . strokes faster and steadier, putting the head into her mouth . . . stroking, slippery from her lips . . . she feels his pulsing. He is cumming, groans deep and thrusts into her mouth as he ejaculates . . . her tongue is soon coated and she swallows, sucking slowly. 

He drops to his knees and roughly pushes her back onto the mattress . . . grabbing her knees and pulling her legs apart, he lands gentle, teasing kisses, slipping his tongue inside her lips, teasing. Her hips move closer, rising to meet him. Taking her in softly while his fingers explore warm and soft. His hand moves down, spreading her open wider, and tucks a finger inside. Moans rise uncontrolled. Two fingers strokes smoothly, his tongues flicking quickly and lightly creating bursts of electricity that shoot from her groin . . .to her toes. She’s dizzy, his lips move over her, tongue once again licking slowly, but persistently. Steady bursts of white heat shoot through her as she cums as his lips caress. Hands grasping the sheets in her ecstasy, arching her back. He doesn't stop right away, but drives her mad with torturous orgasms. The hot waves keeps coming - she feels she will lose her mind soon. 

He pulls away, "God, I can't get enough." He stands and dresses again. 

"Just one more . . for the road" she reaches a hand out to him as he walks out the bedroom door . . .