 "Tell me, what are you thinking right now?" I asked, teasing a little.

He didn't pause or hesitate. Immediately he replied, "Kissing you. I can't stop thinking about kissing you."

I smiled, even though he couldn't see my smile over the phone.

"Hurry, " he said in a hushed tone, like it was a big secret.

"Exactly where are you going to kiss me first?" I asked, still smiling as I pulled into the driveway.

His answer didn't really matter much. I just wanted to listen to his voice.

"First your lips, " he said barely above a whisper. "Always those luscious lips." His voice poured over me like smooth Kentucky whiskey and honey. "I want to spend an hour just kissing you. Feeling your lips pressed against mine. Gently sucking your bottom lip between mine."

He knew that I liked listening to him talk. That he could turn me on with just his voice. He probably didn't know why though. There is something about southern men, at least older men, especially educated ones. Not the country redneck accent that I grew up around with the men who own four-wheel-drive pickup trucks with rebel flags and nascar stickers on the back window. No, something still decidedly southern but more refined. The way he dropped the r's and dragged out words in a slow and deliberate manner put images of an old south plantation owner sitting on the front porch watching the sun rise over the cotton field in a seersucker suit and a straw hat. Mint juleps and the Kentucky Derby and big pitchers of lemonade on way too hot afternoons. But when he whispered in my ear, there was a slightly rough quality. Slightly gravely, maybe from years of smoking, a habit long since dropped, or maybe it was just the rough edge from all those years of being a type-A, in control, listen to nobody kind of control freak. Another habit he had broken out of necessity, not choice, when his own mortality not only came knocking on his front door but sneaked into his front parlor and stuck around long enough for a cup of tea. That is always enough to make a wise man slow down and re-evaluate priorities.

And the re-evaluation had been good for his soul. Or maybe not his soul as much as his body. Because, in the end, he realized that the important thing he was missing in his life was touch. Or more specifically, touching someone that you really care about. Not just sex, hot steamy sex where you bend your secretary across your desk then slap her on the ass and send her back to work. But sex where you connect on some deeper level, where you want nothing more than to crawl into bed beside her and press your naked body to hers and spend the rest of the afternoon trying to kiss every inch of her bare skin.

I leaned across the seat and grabbed my bag off the back seat. The bag I bought for the first time I met him for an afternoon of those kisses. Just like a woman, I had to have a bag of essentials before I could meet a man at a hotel. Lingerie so I could be sexy for him, make up and a hairbrush so I could put myself back together afterwards, a toothbrush, lotion, maybe a sex toy or two. On a good day I would toss in the leather hand and ankle cuffs. Occasionally there was a bottle of wine or a container of strawberries. Just the essentials. But no way could I walk in the door wearing heels and a short skirt carrying a gym bag, and a suitcase, even a carry-on bag, just seemed to carry too many expectations. So I bought a bag, a pretty fabric bag in a French toile print, and left it packed in the trunk of my car waiting for his call. Luckily he called often.

"Then, gently, brushing my lips down your neck," he continued, as I stepped out of the car and locked the door behind me. "Tracing your collar bone with my tongue, " he whispered. I almost giggled, wondering if every business associate who had felt screwed over in a deal and called him an asshole as soon as the door closed behind him, every secretary who had been yelled at for the slightest infraction, every wife, girlfriend, or lover who had been dismissed as soon as he had been satisfied leaving them to fend for themselves, wondering if all of those people could see him now if they would even recognize him as this man who was describing every slow deliberate move that he was going to make as he showered my body with kisses.

I walked to the door and paused, pushing my rhinestone studded sunglasses down on my nose slightly so I could peer over them at him. I unbuttoned the top button on my silk blouse and placed on hand on the door facing, leaning in slightly. "Open the door already, " I demanded, still trying to sound sexy.

The door swung open, and there he was. I felt my heart flutter a little as his eyes met mine. All that effort to look sexy just went out the window as he reached for me and my knees went weak. His hands went to either side of my face, stroking, cradling, then pulling me towards him. He paused slightly, looking into my eyes, then moved towards me till his lips were barely brushing mine. The kiss. The first kiss. The first one always took my breath away, such a combination of tenderness and passion.

He pulled me inside and closed the door, never removing his lips from mine.

He was a man of his word, I thought with a smile, as he laid me back on the bed and slowly, oh so slowly, started unbuttoning the buttons on my shirt. One by one the buttons were released, with his lips gently pressed to every inch of bare skin as he uncovered it. Painstakingly slow, the kisses moved down to my stomach. Barely brushing, skin on skin, pushing the waist band of my skirt lower as his lips searched for a new spot to kiss.

I could feel that he was teasing me. Making me want his mouth lower but not putting it right where I wanted it. Moving down to my thighs, kissing all the way up to the top of my thighs then stopping just short of what I really wanted.

I started to squirm, trying to wiggle my way closer to his warm mouth. But he could tell what I was doing and would pull back without actually touching my panties. I whimpered in protest. An almost silent plea escaped my lips. He pulled back. I could tell he was enjoying making me want it way too much, and I was at his mercy.

Or was I?

No more waiting for him to get ready to satisfy me.

I moved my hands to his head and twisted my fingers in my hair, pulling him towards my warm pussy. He resisted, still intent on teasing me. But I wasn't going to let him. I rolled over onto my knees, pushing him to his back in the process. He looked surprised as I straddled his chest and took his head in my hands. I smiled down at him, loving the mixture of shock and lust in his eyes. Slowly, I moved until my panty-covered pussy was right over his face. He inhaled deeply, then stretched his tongue out towards the wet crotch of my silk panties. I stayed just close enough for him to lick me through the fabric, knowing he could barely taste me but that taste was enough to make him want to plunge his tongue deep inside of me.

"Is that what you wanted?" I asked with a sinister laugh. He raised his head off the bed and stretched towards my wet pussy. He groaned in frustration.

"Poor baby, " I laughed. "You need more." It wasn't a question. It was a statement. And I was going to make sure that he got more.

I hooked my index finger under the elastic of the leg of my panties. Slowly I pulled it to the side and revealed my dripping wet pussy. I was more than ready for him but I still wanted to make him ask for it. He stretched towards me, tongue reaching for the warmth dripping from between my legs. I let him touch the tip of his tongue to the wet spot between my legs. Just the tip of his tongue, flicking back and forth. I wanted his tongue inside of me, as deep inside my pussy as it could go. But instead, I rocked back and put my clit right under his tongue.

"That's it, " I purred as he started licking back and forth across my swollen clit. I felt the waves of pleasure start washing over me. I wanted to tease him. To torture him. But instead the sensations were starting to take over making me just want too rock against his tongue. I move back so his tongue was against the opening to my pussy.

I wanted his tongue inside of me. But he must have felt one last surge of control come over him. Instead of licking my wet slit, he started nibbling at my labia. First kissing, then taking the soft fleshy folds of skin into his mouth, sucking hard, then scraping his teeth against the sensitive skin. Shockwaves of pleasure rolled through my pussy and my knees buckled slightly. Yes, I whispered over and over as his mouth sucked at my pussy lips. Please, I begged, rocking against his mouth. Please. He must have liked my pleas because suddenly, without warning, he plunged his tongue up into my dripping pussy. I reached down with one hand and started rubbing my clit as his tongue worked in and out of my cunt.

His mouth was so hot, felt so good against my throbbing pussy.

Slowly he worked his right hand up beside his mouth and extended two fingers. I felt his fingers part my pussy lips and hold them open while he licked as deep inside of me as he could. Then they slid inside, deep inside in one smooth motion. I gasped in pleasure as his fingers bent forward slightly and started stroking my g-spot deep inside. "Suck my clit, " I demanded as his fingers fucked deep inside my pussy, stroking the spot that made me want to scream in pleasure. "Suck me, " I ordered, moving my hand so my fingers were behind his head, pulling his mouth hard against my clit while his fingers fucked my wet cunt. "Yes, "I growled. "Oh God Yes, make me cum, " I said, grinding my wet pussy against his face.

I didn't know if he could breathe, but I was too far gone to care. All I wanted was to fuck his mouth, to feel his fingers inside of me, to have my clit sucked and licked hard. I was close. Very close.

With my free hand, I reached up and grabbed my nipple between two fingers and squeezed hard. I felt a jolt of electricity straight from my breast to my pussy. Yes, I moan. Oh yes. His fingers moved furiously against the inner wall of my pussy. He had found the spot and knew how to stimulate it.

I was cumming. I could feel it building deep inside, growing fast. I tried to maintain control but it felt too good. Without thinking, I was rocking hard against his mouth, smothering him with my wet pussy, begging him to fuck me with his fingers while I bucked out of control. I felt it, the gush as the cum squirted out of my pussy, squirting my juices into his hand, hoping he liked it wet because I always squirt when I have my g-spot rubbed that hard and deep.

My pussy wrapped tight around his fingers. I was still throbbing inside as he pulled his fingers out. I didn't want him to stop. I wanted more, even though my knees were weak from my orgasm that hadn't fully subsided. He pushed me onto my back and I went without protest, weak from cumming hard. He slid on top of me. I could feel his hard cock against my throbbing pussy. He looked into my eyes and I reached down for his hand, pulling his fingers to my lips and gently sucking my juices off his fingers. I felt him stiffen as I sucked his fingers. Then he pressed his hard cock against my opening, pushing it in about half an inch, then pausing. He leaned forward and pressed his lips to mine. I kissed him hard and deep, tasting myself on his mouth. And still kissing, still with our lips pressed together, our tongues entwined, he thrust his hard cock deep inside of me in one smooth stroke. My head rolled back and my mouth fell slack in a quiet cry as his big cock hit bottom hard. Yes, it felt so good, so deep. "Fuck me, " I cried over and over against his neck as he pounded deep inside me. I was cumming again, almost as soon as he entered me. "Fuck me, " I begged. And he did, hard and fast, pumping his big cock as deep inside of me as it would go, moving his hands to my wrists, pinning me to the bed. Waves of pleasure rolled across me, almost like one long orgasm as he fucked me with abandon. I felt him pause, just a slight pause, then he thrust harder and I knew he was cumming. "Fuck me harder, " I was whispering, feeling his cum shooting into my pussy as he moaned in pleasure against my bare skin.

He collapsed against me and pressed his lips to mine in a kiss, one last kiss, as his fingers drifted back to my pussy dripping with his cum.

"Just one more?" He asked with a little laugh, and his lips started traveling back down my body.

"Mmmmm yes, just one more, " I sighed, bracing myself for the pleasure of his mouth against my quivering pussy, just one more time before we slept.