 I needed to buy clothes for work, so I went shopping one Saturday afternoon with my mom. My brother and my recently-ex boyfriend came with us, but they wandered around on their own for the day. When we were finally finished (I bought a lot of stuff), we met up with the boys and drove back to my apartment. I asked Bobby (that’s my boyfriend, or ex rather) if he wanted to stay for a while after my family left so I could show him what I bought. (When we were going out and living together, I used to put on mini fashion shows for him after I went shopping.) He said yes and soon my family left for the night.

When we were alone, Bobby asked me what type of stuff I had bought. I told him I bought clothes for work, but no skirts (he always loved seeing me in skirts) and two bras. He looked interested at the mention of underwear, so I warned him that they weren’t sexy bras, they were comfortable for work. Then, teasing, I said, “See?” and lifted my shirt up, flashing him. I could see the instant heat in his eyes and began to wonder just how long this fashion show would stay innocent. He warned me that I had already given him a hard on and that I’d better be careful.

I got up and moved over to where I had hung my clothes up. I took off my shirt, revealing the rest of the bra I had just let him peek at. Bobby made no motion to get up or even look away, so I asked him if he planned to just lay there and watch me get changed the whole time. “If I can,” he answered with a grin. I shot him a warning glare and retreated just outside the room to change into the first outfit. I came back wearing a modest professional outfit, and Bobby was staring at me, trying to find some skin to look at.

After I had showed off the outfit a bit, I again removed my shirt, to replace it with the next one I had bought, as it went with the same pants I still had on. Bobby smiled his approval at the lower cut top, and I turned around slowly to show off. The next outfit required removal of both top and bottom, so I kept my back to him and slowly got changed. I could feel his eyes burning into me, watching my every movement as I leaned over to remove my pants, then put on the others.

I continued my fashion show, turning more toward him and allowing him to see more of me with each passing outfit. The last one consisted of a normal pair of pants, a slinky tank top that was big enough to show my bra underneath (I had to sew the straps shorter, but hadn’t done it yet), and a long sleeved, lacy top over it. Bobby’s eyes lit up as he told me that the lace top would look much better if that was all I had on. I grinned evilly at him and turned around, removing the extra clothing one piece at a time. When I was completely nude under the shirt, I moved over toward the bed and lay down next to him, pressed close against his side. I could see the struggle in his face as he tried to control himself, then he reached out to touch my breast. “I’m sorry, I can’t help it,” he said.

By this point, I was excited myself, and I didn’t want him to think better of anything and stop, so I decided to do everything I could to tease him unmercifully, until he gave me what I wanted - him. I put my hand over his and held it against my breast, urging him to continue. At the same time, I began raining tiny light kisses all over his face. Before long, he couldn’t help but to return my kisses. My hand strayed down to his now-straining cock, which was aching to be let free from his jeans. I obliged, opening them and pushing them down his legs with my foot. He tried to end things then, told me it was late and he had to go home, but I was having none of that. I slid half on top of him, preventing his escape and drowning his slight, unconvincing protests with my kiss. He finally groaned and helped me remove his clothing.

I reached down and grabbed his hot, stiff cock, delighting in the clear fluid that already seeped from its tip. He was still trying to resist me, refusing to touch me, but I was anxious to be touched. My free hand found its way to my own nipple, teasing the already-hard peak it found there. Bobby shot me an agonized look. “Don’t touch your self, please,” he ground out. He could never keep his control when I did that. When I didn’t stop immediately, I could see something snap in him, like a dam breaking loose. He leaned in to kiss me ferociously, taking control of the kiss, punishing me for driving him to this. His fingers slid angrily down my stomach, to claim the prize between my legs. I moaned and parted for him, and he slipped a finger inside me. I continued to stroke his cock, faster and harder now, and then we lost it.

He rolled me over, so he was on top of me, forcefully spreading my legs apart for his entry. It had been awhile since we had done anything sexual, and between that and the teasing I had put us both through that night, we were both ready. But now that he was committed, Bobby wanted to tease me back, as punishment for teasing him and seducing him in the first place, so he paused, just before entry. He inched his hips forward, just barely touching me, then drew back. I whimpered and pushed my hips toward him, but he wouldn’t allow me to move enough to get him inside me, where I wanted him. He pushed forward, then back, forward and back, refusing to give me what I sought. I grabbed his butt, trying to pull him toward me, but he still resisted. Then, he looked me straight in the eye, and in one strong thrust, entered me fully. We both cried out from the force of the pleasure that impact gave us. We had always had good sex, but this time was incredible, due to the length of absence and the element of taboo, sleeping with your ex. As he thrust in, I pushed back up with my hips, meeting him at every push. He wrapped his arms under my back and grabbed onto my shoulders, pulling me closer to him with every stroke. I was in heaven. I’m normally very quiet in bed, and he is too (mostly because he was embarrassed to break the comparative silence, I think), but tonight we were moaning and sighing to each other, kissing in a frenzy, our tongues moving like crazy, each seeking to taste the other.

I slid one of my hands from where it had been grabbing and rubbing Bobby’s shoulders and back, down between us to touch myself, increasing my pleasure. I could feel myself come closer to cumming at the same time as I could sense that he was close, by the tempo and rhythm of his thrusts. We struggled to drive each other on, and up into the waiting bliss of impending orgasm. I reached it first, and my bedroom exploded in pure pleasure. My body shook, and I cried out, not breathing. My spasms pushed Bobby over the edge he’d been clinging to, waiting for my satisfaction, and he fell with me, each clinging to the other, gasping in the aftershocks. We kissed, and he rolled to the side, my head on his shoulder. He had to leave soon after, but my seduction had broken the ice between us. He asked if he could come over again the next day, but that’s another story….