 We are curled up in bed after a long day of working and a night of lovemaking, both on our way to dreamland. As I lay there in a haze of afterglow, I feel you kissing the back of my neck, and I smile. You've always known the right amount of pressure to put in your kisses, and you know that no matter how tired I am I can't resist them, or you. But it is fun to tease you, so I lay there, scarcely breathing, as your lips and tongue magically awaken my tired body. 

Just when I think I might have gone to far, showing no response to your kisses, you lean into my ear and whisper that you know I am enjoying it. So much for teasing, I smile in the darkness and sigh happily. 

You go back to kissing and licking my neck, but you don't stop there...I feel your tongue slide my spine, not slowly, not fast, but just enough to raise Goosebumps on my skin. As you reach my end of my spine, I feel you bite the top of my ass. This is new, and feels wickedly good. I moan and try to roll over onto my back for more lovemaking, but you stop me, and make me stay on my side. You continue to bite different parts of my ass, and I never know which cheek you are going to choose, so each bite is a new sensation. 

I feel your tongue glide over the bite marks, hot little spots on my cheeks, and the wetness of you tongue soothes them slightly. Then I feel your tongue in the crack of my ass, and I jump a bit, not expecting it. You shush me in a low voice, as you raise one of my legs high in the air. 

The juices of our earlier lovemaking are wet and clinging to my pussy lips, and you attack them with pleasure licking and sucking. I really want to roll over to give you better access, but you hold my leg high up, and I can't move. I feel you tongue darting in and around my clit, which is so sensitive that it sends shock through my whole body, and I tremble with renewed need. Your tongue finds my hole, and after licking the last of our shared loved from you, you dive your tongue in and out of me several time. I love it when you fuck me with your mouth, and I start buzzing, ready to cum again for you. 

But you stop. You aren't willing to let me cum again, yet, you say, as you sit up, straddling the one leg lying on the bed. My other leg goes over your shoulder, and you enter me roughly, just the way we both need it right now. You fill me up immediately, no slow slide in, it's just short of brutal, and it brings a gasp not only to me, but to you as well. 

Short hot strokes you give me, no coming fully out and plunging back in, almost as if you can't bear to leave my pussy walls. You are hitting my g-spot with such force that I can't stand, and I cum instantly, and violently, crying out with the sudden release. This spurs you on even more, pounding me harder and harder, and even though I know you can make it last for hours, you choose not let it this time. I feel your cock grow stiffer and more rigid inside me as you peak. Rising over the summit to orgasm, you yell my name, even as you buck wildly between my legs. 

God, I love it when we can cum together. And I know you do, too. Our breathing slows as our mutual waves of orgasm start to subside. You release yourself from me, and gently put my leg down, kissing my big toe. We curl up again, and this time, really do go to sleep...