 Debbie Daniels had been a top notch pin up model, notable for her large, natural 36E breasts, which looked particularly large given her diminutive 5'1" frame. It had been years since she had done a photo shoot, yet she still remained one of the most popular big tit models, with a significant fan base across the globe.

Now 36 years old, Debbie had run into financial difficulties. She had made a decent living as a nurse's assistant, but her lack of formal schooling, combined with her luxurious tastes, had left her with $25,000 in credit card debt. She had been glad to put nude modeling behind her, but desperate for cash, she explored the possibility of posing once again.

She called John Wolf, the head of the Victory publishing group, who had overseen Debbie's earlier photo shoots and videos. She trusted John as a straight shooter, who had never misled or treated her unfairly, a rarity in an industry overrun with creeps and crooks.

"I was hoping to earn some money," Debbie told him. "Do you think there's still an interest in me? I've kept myself in good condition and if anything, my breasts have gotten larger and fuller. I might even be a G cup now."

"So nice to hear from you," John responded, "and you still have a ton of fans. But boy has this industry changed. Glamour isn't important anymore and there are girls out there who will do anything for the smallest amount of money possible. So a glamour shoot pays maybe $200 - hardly worth getting out of bed for."

Debbie swallowed hard. "What about racier shoots?" Debbie asked.

"You're not going to like what you hear," John told her. "Girl-girl soft is $250; girl-girl hard is $500; girl-boy soft is one to two thousand and girl-boy hard is ten to fifteen thousand."

Debbie knew what hard meant but couldn't bring herself to contemplate being filmed having actual sex. "What's involved in boy-girl soft?" She asked. "What do I have to do?"

"It's very tasteful," John explained. "You pose like you are having sex, but you don't do anything. Don't get me wrong - you have to hold the guy's cock and simulate tit fucking, but you don't have to put his cock in your mouth, pussy or any other orifice."

"I see," Debbie murmured, thinking about the possibility. She couldn't imagine what her Mom and friends might think if they saw her in such a shoot. But she knew she needed money - not hundreds of dollars but thousands of dollars. "Would I get a say in who the guy is?" Debbie asked.

"Not completely," John told her. "Best I can do is send you a sample of photos and let you pick the guy."

"I'll do it," Debbie told him impulsively. "Send over the photos."

When the photos arrived in her inbox, Debbie laughed. There were photos of five men and some of them had goofy expressions on their faces. One was holding his erect, throbbing cock in front of him as if it were a club. Another was covered with tattoos, which Debbie didn't like. She finally settled on a lean, but muscular man, with dark hair. She picked him because he had the smallest cock - it was still probably eight inches, but the last thing she wanted was a monstrous ten inch cock near her. She let John know her selection and they scheduled the shoot. Debbie negotiated a cheap plane fare so that her net take from the shoot could be as large as possible.

As Debbie approached the studio for the shoot, her mind was racing. "Can I really do this?" She asked herself. "What if the guy thinks I'm ugly?" From her experience, she knew that some men found her gorgeous - "breast men" she called them - while others preferred slim, model types. She remembered overhearing a thin Italian man pointing in her direction and referring to her as "a cow." On the other hand, many times she had experienced men nearly drooling at the sight of her breasts.

Holding her breath, she entered the studio. The model, Robert, was already waiting for her. She was pleased to see how attractive and friendly he looked. After they were introduced, Robert told her, "John sent me your picture, but Wow! you are even prettier in person." Debbie blushed.

John broke the ice by explaining the set up. He had a series of scenes he wanted to shoot and would walk them through them in sequence, directing Robert and Debbie as to how to arrange themselves. They moved to the set, which was made to look like a seaside bedroom. The shoot started out with the two of them clothed. John positioned them so they were embracing and then instructed them in a series of shots where Robert was removing Debbie's blouse and bra, along with shots of him kissing her breasts and sucking her nipples. Debbie felt awkward at the staged shoots and she finally put her head down and walked off the small set.

"Maybe this isn't for you," John consoled her, putting his arm around her.

Debbie held back the tears. "I can't back out; I need the money."

"Maybe it's not worth it," John told her. "Look, I'll pay your travel expenses and we'll just do a solo shoot. If you aren't comfortable with this, it's a sign you shouldn't do it."

Debbie looked up at John and smiled. She felt safe with him - he had her best interests at heart. "I want to do this," she told him, looking him straight in the eye. "Maybe we can make this more relaxing. What if you limit the instructions and just let Robert and I take it slow - I think that would be easier for me."

"Okay," John agreed. He then went to Robert and explained the situation. "Romance her a little," he told him. "Take it slow."

John stayed in the background snapping photos as Robert and Debbie took things slowly. Robert held Debbie in his arms and kissed her lightly on the lips, then up and down her neck. He gently caressed the sides of Debbie's breasts while kissing her fully on the lips. Debbie began to feel her tension dissipate and she began to kiss John in response. As he was kissing her, Debbie undid his belt and then descended kisses down his chest and stomach as she slid to the ground, pulling his pants down, revealing a straining erection inside his tight briefs. Robert stepped out of his pants and Debbie pulled his briefs down, unleashing his cock. With Robert naked, Debbie pressed her face against his cock and held his buttocks tightly, her breasts straddling his legs. Robert's cock grew even further erect.

Robert groaned and lifted Debbie onto the bed. He sucked her nipple, pulling and stretching her tit upward. Debbie bit her upper lip at the combination of pain and pleasure. Removing her remaining clothing, he kissed along her thighs and blew warm air onto her open cunt. Excited, Debbie lost all restraint and grabbed Robert by the head, pulling him into her cunt.

Taking this as a cue to go further, Robert began to eat Debbie's pussy, lovingly caressing her labia and circling and flitting about her clit with his tongue. Debbie arched her back as Robert made love to her with his mouth. John continued to snap shots of the action and after several minutes, Debbie erupted in a spasm of orgasms, her body shuddering.

Leaning forward Debbie pulled Robert forward and engulfed his cock in her mouth. "Oh God," Robert cried out, as Debbie tongued and sucked his erect penis. Manipulating his hips, she drove him into and out of her mouth, her tongue and lips caressing his swollen shaft.

"God, I've got to stop," Robert told her. "I'm going to blow."

Debbie let her mouth open and released his engorged cock. "Fuck me," she commanded him.

Robert began to fuck her missionary position, as Debbie writhed in pleasure and sensitivity. After several minutes, she stopped Robert. Confused, he pulled out and then Debbie told him, "I want to be on top." She climbed on top of him and, impaling her cunt on his cock, began to grind and thrust. Prior to tonight, it had been months since her last orgasm, and Debbie found herself climaxing again. She threw her head back and let out a low, sustained groan. Collapsing on Robert, her breasts fell into his face and he greedily sucked on her nipples and squeezed her breasts as he began to thrust more violently, his hips bucking.

"Ahem," John cleared his throat. "I hate to even bring this up, but I was hoping to get a shot of you titfucking."

Debbie lay on her back and pulled Robert atop her so he was straddling her. She pushed her breasts together, nearly swallowing his cock with her enormous and fleshy breasts. Lubricated by her cunt, Robert's cock easily slid between her breasts. "Oh yeah," Debbie cried out, "Fuck my tits!" Robert complied, thrusting his hips violently. As his cock thrust forward, Debbie tilted her head down and sucked the head of his cock with each stroke.

"Debbie!" He cried out, "I'm going to cum!"

Debbie released her breasts and pulled him forward. His cock spasmed ejaculate onto her face - two large ropes of cum splashed onto her forehead and cheek, avoiding her eyes and hair. Debbie pulled Robert's cock into her mouth and she could feel a third blast splash against the back of her throat. Thrusting, Robert pulled out, releasing a fourth blast that hit the base of her nose and dribbled into her mouth and along the right side of her face. Debbie grabbed his cock and stroke it powerfully sending a final blast up into the air and ultimately onto her breasts. Robert grabbed her breasts and resumed fucking them, teasing out the last bit of cum into a small pool of liquid at the base of her neck.

"Holy shit!" Robert exclaimed. He wiped Debbie's face clear of cum and kissed her soulfully on the lips. Debbie pulled him forward by the back of his thighs and once again took his cock into her mouth, lolling her tongue about sensuously.

Debbie heard the sound of clapping. "Bravo," John told her. "That was the finest shoot I've done in a long time! Robert pulled out and stepped off onto the floor. Debbie sat up, wiping away the remaining ejaculate from her face and breasts.

"Well, I've got good news and bad news," John told Debbie. "The good news is, that was one of the hottest shoots I've ever done and if you let me publish this, you've just earned fifteen thousand."

"I definitely want that fifteen thousand," Debbie told him. "But what's the bad news?"

"The bad news is," John told her, "I didn't get that on video. That would have been the greatest video ever and I would have paid you a mighty sum to post that to my website."

Robert said goodby to Debbie, exchanging phone numbers with her to meet up again. At John's request, Debbie stayed behind.

"I have something I want to ask you," John told Debbie. "I really don't have a right to ask it, but if I don't ask you, I'll live to regret it."

Debbie took his hand, feeling sympathy for John in his embarrassment and shame. "You can ask me anything," Debbie told him. "I'd do almost anything for you."

This seemed to brighten John. He continued on. "Seeing you with Robert was a real turn on. You're an incredibly loving woman. I'm an old man and I want to have as many great experiences as possible before I die. Shit, I can't ask you this."

Debbie scooted closer to him and put her hand on his thigh. "What is it, John? Just ask me."

"I have a lot of money - I can do things for you. What I want is to shoot a scene with you - just like Robert did, I want to kiss you, titfuck you - and I'll give you a lot of money. I'll pay you one hundred thousand dollars if you shoot a scene with me. I'll record it, but no one will ever see it but me."

Debbie was taken aback by John's offer, but the money was ringing in her mind. She could do a lot with that much money - and John wasn't a bad looking guy and she did feel affection for him.

John looked pleadingly at Debbie. "I'll do it," she told him.

Debbie showered while John set up his video equipment. She emerged from the shower, toweling herself off. She walked up to John naked and asked him, "What do you want me to do?"

"Where do I start," John wondered aloud, as he removed his clothing. "When in doubt, start with the breasts." He held her breasts in his hands, lifting them and feeling their tremendous weight. Pressing her breasts together so that her nipples were nearly touching, he tongued her nipples and then put both nipples in his mouth at one time and tongued and sucked them. Debbie arched her back and John placed his hands on her full buttocks and pulled her close to him.

"Oh God," he told her, "I want my cock between your breasts."

"Not so fast," Debbie told him, and she lowered herself to her knees and pulled John's cock into her mouth. She slobbered up and down on his erect cock. John groaned in pleasure at Debbie's attentive tongue and mouth.

Debbie paused, taking John's cock from her mouth. "Hold the back of my head," she told him. "I want you to fuck my face."

John grasped her head with both hands and repeatedly drove his cock into and out of her mouth. Debbie remained passive, accepting his thrusts while flickering her tongue on his cock. Lost in his thrusts, John suddenly lost control. "God!" he screamed out, holding Debbie's head fully engulfed upon his cock. His cock spasmed powerfully sending blasts of cum to the back of Debbie's throat. She tried her best to accept the blasts, but she needed to gasp for air. She opened her mouth and, like a snake, John's cock slipped out and spasmed from side to side, sending additional blasts of cum onto Debbie's face. Once his cock was spent, Debbie took it back in her mouth and suckled it gently. John had his arm around Debbie's back.

"Oh God, I didn't get a chance to be inside you," John released. Debbie continued to suckle John's cock and it slowly became engorged again. 

"I guess you can fulfill that wish," Debbie told him. She laid down and John entered her, thrusting gently at first, but then quickening his pace. Debbie arched her back and moaned as John drove himself to the hilt.

"Baby, do you want to fuck my tits?" Debbie asked him.

John nodded and pulled out. Straddling Debbie, he placed his cock between her tits and resumed his thrusting as Debbie pressed her breasts tightly together. "Fuck my tits until you cum," Debbie told him.

John rhythmically fucked her soft, ample tits. Her breasts were so large that his head disappeared in her breasts, only to reappear before her lips. Debbie opened her mouth and accepted the head of John's cock into her mouth with each thrust. John looked down at Debbie, her face spattered with cum, sucking his cock while she titfucked him. The wonderful feel of her breasts and mouth and the sight of her messy face drove him wild. He gave one final thrust and held still, his hips jutted forward, as his cock again erupted. Blasts of cum plastered Debbie's face. She closed her eyes as cum flew across her face and into her nostril. Finally John's eruption ceased and he leaned forward, placing his cock in her mouth. He gently slid in and out of her mouth, enjoying the sensation of her face and tongue. Then he removed his flacid cock and, holding it, pressed it against her face, smearing the cum into her skin.

"I'd say you got your money worth," Debbie told him. John smiled. Debbie thought of the money she would get and the thought that she would never again be in debt. 

Let's leave with that happy thought, though the story should continue. The money only brought Debbie more expensive tastes and even higher debt, leading her to even further depravities to avoid financial ruin. But that's a story for another time...