 Friday nights are so boring in a small town. With nothing to do yet again, we decided just to rent a movie and watch it at your house. I love your house, an older house with wonderful wooden pillars in the living room. Oh the fantasies I've had about those. We both love watching movies together but tonight you pick a romance instead of an action movie like we normally watch. This surprises me but I say nothing. After the movie store, we head over to pick up pizza. Back at your house, I watch you getting everything set up, your dark brown hair which I love and muscular body in the shirt I can't resist. The best part of you is your ice blue eyes that clash so wonderfully with your hair. We have been together for only a little while but have known each other our whole lives. You always told me how you loved my deep red hair and how my green eyes go so very close to emerald when I am angry or aroused. You lightly kiss me as you curl up next to me on the couch to watch the movie. 

With my head on your shoulder watching the movie I feel your hand on my thigh. At first it's just there then slowly you start to rub the inside in a circular motion. I spread my legs to give you better access and you turn your head to kiss me. We take the kiss deeper and deeper until we are both panting. Slowly you unbutton my blouse revealing my lace bra and beautiful tits. Trailing the blouse down my shoulders and off my arms you begin to kiss your way down my neck as your hands reach up and undo my bra. Slipping the bra off your mouth trails down my chest until you take my nipple into your mouth sucking it harder and harder until it is aching. Reaching down you undo my pants while your mouth continues to suck on my nipple. You sit up to pull my jeans and panties off; standing you quickly shed your own clothes. You pull me up to you until every part of our bodies is pressed together. I can feel your rock hard cock on my stomach. You take my mouth, kissing me passionately as you lead me to the wooden pole in the middle of the room. Placing my back to the pole and before I can catch my breath from the kiss you have my hands tied around the pole and have blindfolded me. I begin to wonder what you are going to do to me. 

I can feel you staring at my naked helpless body and it makes me even wetter. My juices are running down my thighs making them slick. Suddenly your hands are on my breasts and I gasp, I hadn't realized you had moved closer to me. I feel your hot mouth take my nipple into it and you begin licking it in circular motions while your other hand is tweaking my other nipple. Before long you begin to nibble your way down my stomach until I can feel your breath on the top of my pussy. I begin to whimper and move but with my hands restrained I can't move very far and it is frustrating me to no end. You slowly lick around my lips while spreading my legs. You are now kneeling on the floor in front of me which gives you full access to my body. You continue to tease me with your tongue causing me to moan even louder. You move your hand up my thigh and then slide one finger into my dripping pussy causing me to buck off the pole and into your waiting face where you instantly begin licking me, nibbling on my clit. Driving me insane. You slip a second finger into me and begin to slowly fuck me. I want you so bad I can't stand the torture. I beg you to let me have that cock in me but you continue to deny me and I whimper.

I know you love having this kind of control over me and it makes you so hard it is painful. I wonder how much longer you can hold out. You remove your fingers and I protest by trying to follow them with my hips. It is futile as my restraints won't let me go that far. I feel your hands on my shoulders lowering me to my knees and feeling your cock next to my lips. I open them greedily ready and wanting to suck on that cock. I slowly take all of you into my mouth as you moan at how hot and wet it feels sliding up and down your cock. Swirling my tongue all around as my mouth slides up and down your hard cock. Sucking gently on the head before sliding down once more to take you deep in my throat.

Before I know what has happened you have undone my restraints and turned me facing the pole and reaching around me to tie my hands again. This gives you access to both my dripping pussy and my ass. You slid every inch of you into me in one thrust causing me to scream in ecstasy and cum hard. It feels so good, my body is trembling. You continue to slide in and out of me, going faster and faster. Suddenly you stop, grabbing my hips, you slide out of me. I can feel you pushing against my ass. Without warning you push all of your hard cock in my ass. I scream at the mix of pain and pleasure. It is so tight and it hurts but you stand still for a few minutes to give me time to adjust before you begin to sliding in and out. Slowly, the pain begins to fade, the pleasure is so intense. I can feel you getting closer to orgasm. You begin to pump hard, slamming into me. I scream as my orgasm rips through my body which sets yours off too. You cum so much that it is spilling out of my ass and running down my legs. You wrap your arms around me and hold me against the pole for a few minutes to catch your breather before untying me. You pick me up and carry me to bed where we curl up together and sleep. I wake you hours later but that is another story.