 A week had passed since that delicious teasing and now I was going back out to his house where we'd be alone for a few hours to finish what we started. We met again at the train station, but this time we knew what to expect, and we didn't make any stops on our way to Bobby's bedroom. In fact, we were already kissing and pulling clothes off as soon as we made it in the front door. I asked if we should expect his parents to come home anytime soon and he assured me that they wouldn't be back until well after we had to leave to head back to the city.

The rest of our clothes in a pile on the floor, he pushed me back to lie on the bed and, seeing that my pussy was completely shaved (something he had always loved), fell between my legs, kissing and licking me all over. I quickly found that he had learned a thing or two in our long separation as well. It had always been a little tricky to get me to cum, but in almost no time at all, I could feel that I was about to cum. I pulled away and told him to lie down, then climbed up to sit on his face, where he resumed his pleasure, starting to finger me at the same time. I leaned over to capture his rigid cock between my lips and we licked and sucked at each other until I could feel that he was getting close to orgasm himself.

Pulling away, I turned around and kissed him deeply, tasting myself on his mouth. I lowered my dripping pussy over his throbbing cock, settling him deep within me in one shot. I began to rock back and forth, leaning forward so that Bobby could suck on my nipples. Slowly, then faster, then slow again, we rocked together, locked in our mutual pleasure. We were perfect together. Nowhere had either of us found anyone else that fit so well, or who could read in every movement, every nuance of expression, what would give the greatest pleasure and what to do next.

I sat up and leaned back, putting my hands behind my head so my breasts swung high and free, unblocked to his gaze, and began to slowly rotate my hips, squeezing his cock and making him groan in pleasure. I reached over and took something out of my bag on the floor – a purple vibrating dildo. Bobby looked at me in surprise. We had sometimes experimented with toys, but it was never really my thing, so this was certainly unexpected, and I'm sure he was trying to figure out what I meant to do with it. Smiling down at him mischievously, I seductively licked my finger and then began to lick and suck the dildo while I rubbed my asshole. I could see the silent question in his eyes as I told him it was a surprise and turned the vibrator on.

I reached back and slowly eased it into my ass, feeling the vibrations spread to my pussy and stimulate us both. The end of it rested lightly against Bobby's balls, creating more pleasure there too. Then I continued to rock back and forth again, reaching down to rub my clit at the same time. With all of this stimulation, I quickly reached my postponed climax, my muscles clamping down strongly and milking him to the point where he could hardly stand it anymore. I told him to let me know when he was about to cum. It was only a matter of seconds before he did, so I quickly pulled back and slid down, swallowing his cock again, tasting both of us together. His cock immediately started twitching and I swallowed quickly, tasting his cum, sucking every last drop from him and cleaning him off well.

I climbed back up and collapsed gently on Bobby's chest, and we lay together recovering from our exertions. I think I actually fell asleep because I woke up lying next to him while he gently played with my nipples. I shifted position and quickly found that he was hard and ready to go once again. 

Once he saw that I was awake, he leaned to kiss me tenderly and reached down to gently rub my clit. Lifting himself up, he eased himself on top of me and stroked my hair while easing my legs apart. Very slowly he slid into me, both of us feeling every inch as he buried himself deep inside. There, he rested for a minute, still kissing me, before setting a slow pace of steady thrusting. This with the kissing was so sweet I just held him in my arms, cradling him to me.

Soon though, with the stimulation to my clit, I could feel another orgasm approaching. Bobby sensed this and picked up the rhythm, stroking gradually harder and deeper, pushing me on. I pushed him up and got on my hands and knees, and he quickly pushed back in from behind, thrusting deeper than ever, while reaching around me to continue his attack on my clit.. I reached down to fondle his balls, wanting him to cum with me since I knew I wouldn't last too much longer. Soon I couldn't hold out anymore and came hard, clenching around him. This was all he could take, and he came strongly too, leaving a part of himself deep inside of me. With him still hard inside me, we sank down to the bed, spooning contentedly, and fell asleep.