 We were in your apartment and I was planning to leave...

But I asked if, first, I could see your amazing breasts again. You obligingly pull off your tight pajama top (you are still wearing your sweat pants which I love so much), and I cup and caress your breasts for a few minutes.

I reach down and pull down your sweat pants, under which I knew you wouldn't be wearing any panties, so that I can see your smoothly shaved pussy. My fingers caress the pale, shaved skin for a few minutes and then move lower, between your legs.

I'd wanted to just gently touch your pussy lips with my fingers, but your legs are too close together, since you still have your sweatpants on about your knees. I suggest we move from the kitchen into your bedroom.

When we are there, I ask you to sit down on the bed and I help you take your sweatpants completely off, so now you are sitting, leaning back on your elbows, completely naked on your bed. Your knees and feet are off the bed in front of me, and you've already spread them so that I can touch you easily.

At first I just touch you on the outside, your pale mound, your pussy lips as much as they are outside, hiding your tight little hole. But even that touch makes you groan and squirm with desire.

It's so easy now to touch your little clit, so I start to gently massage it with my finger, and then with my thumb. You spread your legs wider, wanting deeper attentions. After a little exploration, I find that you are already wet enough for me to start, slowly and gently, pushing my finger into you. An excited gasp escapes your lips.

After I've got my finger well covered with your juicy natural lube, I start slowly pumping it in and out of you like a little cock. You are loving it, but not quite to the point of cumming, so I put my other hand onto your lower belly and start massaging your clit with my thumb as I continue to stroke in and out of your wet, tight pussy. Within a few minutes this does bring you to your first, intense orgasm, and I slowly bring down the stroking and massaging, letting your body relax back onto the bed.

Now my fingers are juicy from you, and I badly want a taste, so I get down on my knees on the floor in front of you and start licking around your pussy lips, your clit and sometimes down all the way to your cute, little ass. After getting a good taste of all the parts, and licking up the juices that I'd spread around with my fingers, I go to work with my tongue on your little pussy, sometimes plunging it deep inside you and sometimes circling around your hard clit. My hand moves under your ass as you writhe in pleasure, and my thumb presses against your ass, giving you the added pleasure there.

Soon you are cumming again, loudly, and I'm using my hands to keep your groin pressed hard against my face as you twist in ecstasy.

By this time, I REALLY want some satisfaction myself. While you catch your breath, I get completely undressed, then I ask you to get on your hands and knees on the bed in front of me. Guiding my cockhead with my hand, I find your juicy fuckhole and slowly push the head into you. With just that much, I move a bit in and out, getting my head completely wet with your juices. Then, as your pussy lips brush their lube onto further parts of my cock, I push a tiny bit deeper in, again moving in and out slowly.

We continue in this way, sometimes with you pushing back into me, until I've got my full hard cock completely in you. I can see that you've lost any sense of control now. Your eyes are shut tight, waiting for more, and your hips are moving against me hungrily.

Moving slowly but with long, deep strokes, I start pumping into you. Then faster, my hands are on your hips, guiding us together and apart with each stroke. As the speed increases slowly, I again move one hand to your ass to play with your tight hole there with my thumb. And the pumping, in and out, long, deep strokes, continues.

As I can feel myself getting nearer and nearer to orgasm, I move my hands from your hips, up your sides and around onto your breasts, so that my chest is partly pressed against your back. You can feel my hot breath against your spine as I push, long and deeply into you again and again and again. Your body is tense with the coming orgasm, and I can feel the muscles inside your pussy gripping my cock tighter and tighter as it hungrily takes in my big, hard shaft.

As we always have, we cum together, you screaming and panting, and my cock sending surge after hot surge of my creamy man-cum deep into your pussy, flooding your body there with slick, warm wetness.

And I lay my cheek against your back, breathing heavily, as my body continues to shake and my cock throbs with the last remains of my orgasm and some few last drops of my cum.