 I used to work in this large bookstore, part of a major chain. I was the inventory manager, and as such, I generally made my own schedule. It was a late Saturday night, and most of the staff had gone for the evening, leaving me with Cyndee. She was a younger girl, kind of pear-shaped, with a nice large chest and plump, juicy ass. In case you were wondering, I like the larger variety of woman, since I like the feel of soft flesh against my body.

Cyndee and I discussed a few work-related things, and the conversation gradually turned to the personal. She asked how come I was working late on a Saturday night, being such a good looking guy.

I laughed, not really considering myself all that good-looking, and turned the question around on her.

“Why aren’t you out on a Saturday night? I have work to do, but you could have left a while ago. No hot stud waiting for you?”

She sighed.

“I haven’t had a hot stud waiting for me in a while. Gets kinda old going home to an empty apartment and T.V.”

I laughed.

“I know exactly what you mean. Seems like that’s my entire life lately. Work, and home. No dates, no nothing. Gets old real quick.”

She smiled, and tossed her long hair form her face. 

“Why no dates? I’d think a guy like you would have plenty of women to choose from.”

“If I wanted to go out some skinny chick with no body, I could. But that’s not what I like.”

“What kind of women do you like? You don’t have to answer if you don’t want to...”

I turned to face her, and smiled.

“No, it’s ok. I don’t mind answering. I like BBW’s, women that have a few extra pounds on them. I can’t explain it, but skinny women just don’t do it for me the way a large, plump woman does.”

She blushed, realizing she fit right into my category.

“You mean, women like myself? You actually find us sexy?”

“Absolutely. Always have.”

“But why? Most men I meet only want to be with me because I have a large chest, and that’s it. I’m not interested in just being a toy for some jackass, so I tend to not date much.”

“Cyndee, I’ll be honest with you, and I hope you won’t take offense. I think you are an incredibly attractive woman, and if we met in a bar, or anywhere else, I wouldn’t hesitate to ask you out. Since we work together, though, I don’t think that would be such a good idea...”

“I won’t tell if you won’t. I’ve always thought you were a good-looking guy, and I would happily go out with you anytime.”

“Let’s get out of here and go get a drink, then. I think we deserve it.”

We locked the store down, and headed to a small bar she knew of nearby. Sitting in a booth towards the back, she moved close to me. We sat and made small talk for awhile, until the sexual tension was almost think enough to choke on. I leaned over, and planted a gentle kiss on her lips. She hungrily pulled me towards her, and we exchanged a deep, lingering kiss.

Taking me by the hand, she led me to the door. 

“We need to get out of her, and go somewhere private. My place is nearby.”

I followed her home, and climbed the stairs behind her. As she walked, I admired that nice ass, thinking how nice it would look and feel naked next to me.

Almost as soon as we got in the door, she turned and pushed me against the wall, kissing me. Our tongues danced as her hands untucked my shirt. She slid her hands along my skin, all over my chest. Breaking the kiss, she pulled my shirt over my head, and reached for my belt. Pulling it open, she unbuttoned my pants, and slipped them down. Grinding her hips against my cock, I could almost feel how hot she was.

I undid her shirt, and slipped it free. Her breasts were crammed into a bra that seemed almost too small, and they overflowed the fabric. Sliding a strap down, I kissed my way down to her nipples, gently sucking them through the bra.

She pulled the bra down, exposing both tits to me, and pulled my head to her. I sucked and flicked her hard nipples, tweaking them in my hands. She moaned with lust, and pulled my head away.

Taking my hand, she led me to the couch and pushed me down. Pulling my shorts off, she grabbed my hard cock, and ran her tongue along the shaft. She gave me the best blow job I’ve had in years, leaving no part of my cock untouched. She used her tongue and lips to full effect, bringing me to the edge in a hurry. Sensing this, she took as much as she could in, and massaged my nuts with her hands.

“Oh, god...I’m cumming.”

I exploded into her hot mouth, and she swallowed it all down, not losing a single drop. She milked me for all she could get, and finally allowed my cock to plop from her mouth. Looking up at me with a big smile, she moved up to me, and slipped her tongue into my mouth, giving me a taste of myself.

She stood in front of me, and slipped her bra off completely, allowing her boobs to hang free. For such large breasts, they were very firm, not sagging much at all. She began to do a little dance for me, as she slipped her pants down. She turned and bent over, giving me a view of that awesome ass. It was everything I thought it would be, smooth and plump. She was wearing the tiniest thong panties, which almost disappeared into that ass. As she danced in front of me, swinging her ass, she slowly peeled the thong down. Her pussy was completely shaven, exposing her plump labia and wet clit for me to see.

She pushed me down onto my back, and straddled my head. Lowering her cunt to my mouth, I could smell her excitement. I reached up and pulled her down, sucking her clit. I used my tongue and fingers to full effect, probing her wetness and teasing her twat. She shuddered through several orgasms, before I finally decided to give her my cock, recovered from her efforts earlier. I pushed her to her knees, and rubbed my cock against her pussy, using her wetness to get myself ready for her. 

Suddenly, she pushed back, and impaled herself on my cock. I found myself buried in her to the hilt, my balls slapping her clit. We developed a rhythm, in and out. I reached under and groped her big tits, squeezing and pinching her nipples. She moaned and groaned, coming again and again. I eventually felt myself building to another orgasm, and told her so.

“Cum in me...I want to feel you shoot in my cunt. Fuck my pussy harder...”

I slammed my cock home, thrusting as deeply as I could. My cock exploded, filling her with cum, as she screamed in lust. We both collapsed on her couch, spent.

As we cooled down, she looked over to me and smiled.

“I think I like working late on Saturday nights, at least when you’re there, anyway.”