 Jill stared at the house in front of her. She couldn't believe she was actually doing this; she was definitely not the type to run off to some strange place to some strange man's house that she barely knew and had never been alone with before. She must be crazy that was the only logical explanation for it. Either that or she was just that horny these days. She rolled her eyes thinking that must be it. She was about to turn tail and run when Sam opened the door. Too late now she thought to herself partially gleeful and partially tripped out by the idea that she would go and have sex with someone she barely knew, if her friends who called her a do-gooder could see her now.

"Hey" he called out "what are you doing standing out here in the dark?"

"Trying to decide if I had the right house." She said smiling up at him. He really was very attractive not in the conventional drop dead gorgeous sort of way, but there was something about him that made her want him. He was taller than her five feet and had the prettiest blue eyes she'd seen on a man, and the red hair that always got her.

"Well come on in the house, I did promise you a massage, and while I'm pretty sure the neighbors wouldn't mind I think I would."

She laughed "Oh come on where's your sense of adventure?"

"I lost it about three weeks ago when my neighbor hit on me. Normally I wouldn't mind, but she's about sixty five and has almost that many cats."

She smirked at him "Aw, feeling a little self conscious now?"

"Like you would not believe, come on I'll show you around the house. Then we'll get down to business."

"Mmm" He grabbed her hand and pulled her through the house. It left a lot to be desired, definitely not a place he stayed often.

"I'm not actually living here right now. I'm remodeling it so I'm staying with my parents; I'm hoping it will be done soon though. Right now though there's only a TV in my bedroom I hope you don't mind."

"Nah, I'm flexible." She started laughing as soon as the words were out. "Well that didn't exactly come out right. I do that a lot speak first, think later."

He had a stunned look on his face and said "That's all right, I think I can live with it, I don't know if my heart can though. I am an old man."

"Sure, whatever you're not that much older than I am so get over yourself."

He laughed "Easy for you to say, you're the young one."

She was lying on his bed and she felt like she was going to melt into a puddle, whatever he was doing to her back she would be his slave forever if he kept it up. His hands were all over her back stroking up and down and she could feel the tension from work seeping out of her. She sighed she could also feel another sort of tension building in her and she was seriously hoping for some sort of relief from that too. Here it came his hands were moving up her sides any minute now he would....argh! He stopped right at her breasts, didn't go any further. Either he was a gentleman or this was his way of making her insane. The insane part was definitely working. She was tempted to just strip right here and scream take me.

His hands slid down her back and he started on her legs, she was sorry that he'd moved away from her breasts she could almost feel his hand touching them she sighed. "Do you like that?" he asked her

"Uh huh" she said "feel free to do anything you like." She smiled when his hands stilled. Finally, they'd get down to business. His hands started moving again massaging her legs moving up her thighs and he stopped again. Okay this was getting old to the point where it was definitely time for her to take matters into her own hands...literally.

She popped up "All right your turn" she purred. She was almost amused by the look on his face a combination of excitement and dread. He must realize that she was planning a little bit of revenge here.

"You know" he said "you don't have to"

She cut him off "Shut up and roll over" she smiled at him

"Yes ma'am." He said as she rolled herself up onto his back and straddled his back. Time for a little torture from her she thought gleefully. She moved her hands up and down his back massaging away the tension she could feel there running her fingers lightly over his back. Moving her hands back up and across his shoulders and lightly rubbing his neck 

She leaned over, blew on his ear and told him. "This is the part where I kiss you unless you kiss me first." He rolled over and toppled her off of him. She looked a little dazed when he wound up on top. 

"You mean like this." He said and covered her mouth with his. Her mouth was partially open and he slid his tongue in before she could say anything. His only thought was that he couldn't believe she was the one who started this, not that he was complaining.

His tongue met hers and her hands tried to move up and he pushed them away. He broke the kiss and stared into her eyes. "My rules." She looked a little worried by that and he smiled "Don't worry you'll like my rules." She relaxed and tried to kiss him again, but he dodged her mouth. "Patience" he told her and leaned down and kissed the side of her neck. He trapped her hands above her head so he could move them. He groaned not that that meant she couldn't move other things as she wiggled her hips against his. 

He released her hands and made his way down her body suddenly remembering she still had all her clothes on. He moved off her and pulled her up so they were standing on the floor her in front of him. He reached for her shirt and she helped him pull it over her head and it fell to the floor. He stared at her shocked by what he found underneath she always seemed so sensible and straightforward, but then maybe that was the point. "Jesus Jill, where did you get that thing?" She laughed; she didn't think she'd never seen a man so enamored with a black lace bra.

"Wait till you see the rest." She told him as she moved to rid herself of the shorts she was wearing. They slid over her hips and fell to the floor. "You know I'm feeling a little underdressed here" she moved closer to him and put her hands on his chest and pulled his shirt out of his jeans he was still staring and she smiled at him as he pulled his shirt over his head. He leaned down kissed her again lightly trailing his way down her neck and across her shoulder. He got to the strap of her bra and slid it off her shoulder reaching and sliding the other down as well. The black lace fell aside and he reached behind her and unclasped the bra and it fell to the floor. Sam leaned down and slid his mouth over her breast. She moaned and shifted closer to his mouth. He licked her nipple and bit lightly as she tried to unfasten the buckle to his belt. Her hands were shaking as she tried and he continued to move his hands up and down her side brushing past her breasts. 

Finally she got his belt undone and knelt in front of him to pull off his socks. She looked up at him and he almost lost all his control at the sight of her in front of him like that. She stood up and slipped of her black lace panties and went in the pile with the rest of their clothes. She placed her hands on his chest and slid them up and around his neck she leaned closer and kissed his chest. She moved her hands down again and unfastened his pants and pushed them down. He stepped out of them and almost laughed at himself now he was the one shaking.

She smiled up at him and stroked her hands over his thighs his erection bobbing in anticipation as the rest of his body vibrated. She pushed him down on his bed and climbed on top him. "I thought these were my rules." He told her as she straddled his stomach.

"I don't see you fighting me off" she said as she leaned down and licked his chest sliding further and further down kissing his stomach and sliding her hand lower to cup his balls. He groaned, not sure of how much more of this he could take. Obviously she thought she was in control of the situation now, time to set her straight.

He sat up and reached for her breast as she was trying to make him crazy blowing on his thighs. He found her breasts and cupped them in his hands running his thumbs over her hard nipples. She moaned and stared up at his face her long blonde hair fanned across his thighs. She sat up and he pulled her onto his lap she could feel his erection pressing against her and she tried to shift, but he held her still. He leaned down and sucked on her breast rolling her nipple in his mouth running his tongue over it until she was panting his name trying to move so he would be inside her. Her hands were in his hair and he was more aroused than he'd been in years.

He slid his hand lower to her clit and rubbed it with his thumb. She moaned and moved her hips. "Not yet" he whispered.

"Please." She was all but sobbing now as slid his fingers over her she was wet and hot and aroused beyond reason. It would take very little he realized to make her come. So he slid his fingers inside of her and moved them up and down touching all the right places. She moved against his hand as he slid his fingers over her touching her. He cupped her breast in his other hand and ran his tongue over her nipple. He could feel her muscles contract around his fingers and she came in his hand. "Ahhh." She moaned as she collapsed against him.

"Don't think we're done." He told her "not by a long shot."

"I don't think I can move" she whispered

He laughed "Don't worry I think I can manage to make you come again."

"Oh Lord" her head was resting on his shoulder and his hands were shaking as they rested on her hips.

"I want you so bad." He murmured to her. "You can't imagine how much of a turn on it is to sit here with you in my lap knowing that I just made you come." He slid his hand lower and cupped her again rubbing his thumb over her. She shifted against him catching her breath. "I want to be inside you the next time you come though buried deep and hard and moving till you come harder than you just did."

She moaned weakly caught in her own lust unable to stop her body from moving. He reached over and grabbed a condom and rolled it on himself. Then he rolled them until he was on top. "Open your eyes and look at me" he whispered. She opened her eyes and looked at him as he slid inside her. Her hips jerked up to meet his and she moaned as he maintained eye contact with her. He slid in and out slowly at first. 

"Faster" she ground out "I want you now!"

"I want you too" he panted and moved faster sliding fast and hard as her back arched off the bed her muscles contracted around him and he couldn't hold back. He came in a rush that almost blinded him. He dimly heard her scream as all thought left his brain. He collapsed on top of her as all the tension left him. He could feel her breathing hard under him. "Am I crushing you?" he asked surprised he could still speak.

"Nope fine, think I'll stay like this till next year. I think I lost all the feeling in my legs though." She told him

"Well they say if you can feel anything afterwards you've done it wrong." He laughed. "Are you ready for more?"

"You're kidding...right?" She opened one eye and looked at him. He smiled down at her. "You're not kidding." That was her last thought before he kissed her.