 Authors Note: This is my tenth story it’s partly fact and partly fiction. Originally I was going to meet a guy in a bar I’d only known online and I ended up picking a guy up because my date ditched me. He gave me a ride home and we took a little detour and I gave him a blowjob for the ride *grins*

As always, comments are always more than welcome and please take a look at my other stories!

**************************************

It had been a very long week, full of turmoil and chaos. The weekend was welcomed with open arms, not to mention an open pocket book. I’d made plans with one of my friends to go out to the bar in search of men since both of us were single and in need of some lovin’

We’d agreed that if one of us went off with a guy it was okay, but it would be best to not leave until we each had found a man to go home with that night. 

Well I was on my third drink and she was on her fifth (I am a bit of a cheep drunk while she olds her liquor pretty well) and we had both spotted a few prospective men. 

After watching them for a while and each choosing one to go for I went off in one direction and her in another. 

The man I walked up to was about my height mid 5 feetish and he definitely worked out, nice firm muscles showed on his well-toned arms and in his back and shoulders when he moved. I always had been an arm and shoulder kinda’ girl and as I walked up to him found myself trying to imagine the feel of running my nails lightly down that firm, muscled skin. 

He was lightly tanned and had light brown hair cut close to the scalp. He had a beard and mustache (usually a turn off for me), but his face showed something in it that made the facial hair seem incidental, no matter how prickly I knew facial hair tended to be.

I walked up to him and said politely, “Are you waiting for someone?” he looked up at me and said in a soft but definitely masculine voice, “No I’m not”. 

Taking the initiative I smiled and as I sat down next to him said, “Well good because neither am I. I’m Tammy.” He smiled back at me and said, “I’m Dan, nice to meet you.”

We sat there, me drinking my third drink of the night and definitely starting to feel it, him drinking a cup of coffee and making idle chitchat to find out about each other. 

After about an hour of sipping our drinks and talking the conversation turned to sex, as it usually does with men when men are around. He’d said how sex is important to him in a relationship and it’s a strong part of his life. Feeling exactly the same way about myself I tell him I agree completely. He smiles at this and I can feel myself react to him. He has a somehow sweet charm about him even with the slightly rugged looks and the strongly sexual nature.

Somewhere in the conversation it came up that I lived with my friend who I’d gone to the bar with and I explained to him the agreement we had between us about it being okay for one of us to leave the bar with a man but whoever left first couldn’t go to our place with him. 

Then he smiled at me and said, “Well, we could always go to my place.” 

Normally I would have thought it was a joke and would have smiled and laughed lightly, but he put his hand on my thigh and gave it a little squeeze that sent shivers through my body. I threw caution to the wind and said, “Sounds good to me.”

We were sitting in a corner booth, partially blocked from the rest of the bar; he slipped his arm around me and leaned into me. He kissed me very lightly, almost a feather touch of lips and then began to pull away. I slipped my hand behind his head and pulled him to me for another kiss, this one strong, passionate, hungry. 

When we broke the kiss we were both breathing a little harder, I could hear the lust in my voice as I said, “So, should we go?” 

He grabbed his coat off the other seat and said, “Definitely.”

The ride to his apartment was spent with him placing his hand on my thigh again giving it a light squeeze. In turn I put my own hand on his thigh and ran my fingers along his thigh in a figure eight pattern moving ever so slowly higher and closer to his groin. 

I could see the effect my tracing designs on his thigh was having on him and smiled slightly to myself at his eagerness. 

He led me to the door and held it open for me. As soon as I stepped inside he closed the door, locking it, and was suddenly there behind me. He put his hands around my waist and kissed the back of my neck. I felt more then heard him moan against my neck before he said, “My God you smell good.” 

I smiled and turned around to face him, “I may smell good hunny but you look delectable,” and before he could respond I pulled his face to mine and kissed him with all the passion I could feel welling up inside me. 

As we kissed he guided me towards the nearest wall and pressed his body against mine. I could feel the hardness of his cock pressing into me and it made me ache to feel him. I moaned into his mouth as I kissed him and forced myself to break the kiss, “Which way to the bedroom?” I asked in a voice husky with lust. 

He leaned in and kissed me once more, quick, hard and full of hunger. He led me by the hand towards a bedroom with a large king size bed in it and led me over to the bed. Taking the initiative once again I reached behind myself and undid my bra. As I removed it I too removed my dress, slipping it down my body and stepping out of it, leaving me in nothing but the black lace panties I’d worn under the black dress. 

He stood there for a moment as if in shock. Then he composed himself and came to stand against me again. He put his hands on my shoulders and kissed me, tender and soft this time. I slipped my hands down between our bodies and pulled his shirt out of his jeans and pulled it up his body, I broke the kiss and said, “Off!” and he reached to pull the shirt over his head. As he pulled the shirt off my hands went to the belt on his jeans and I soon had his belt unbuckled and his button and zipper undone and my hands around him slipped inside his boxers cupping his ass. As my hands cupped his firm ass he looked at me again seemingly shocked. 

I dug my nails lightly into the flesh of his ass and he let out a low moan and kissed me so hard I thought he might bruise my mouth, and the thought excited me. 

I sat down on the bed and he moved with me without breaking the kiss. I moved little by little, him moving with me until I was lying in the middle of the bed with him straddling me. I then ran my hands down his chest, allowing my nails to put just a slight pressure on his skin. I traced my nails along the line of his boxers before I allowed myself to slip my hand inside them and reach for his hard cock. I held him in my hand for a moment and felt his entire body tense with the sensation. Then I pulled him from his boxers and began to ever so slowly rub his hard cock in my hand. 

He moaned and bent his head to my breasts. As my hand rubbed his cock and balls his mouth captured one of my hard nipples and I almost jumped as he sucked my nipple between his teeth using just a little extra pressure on it giving me that exquisite mixture of pleasure and pain.

I could feel my body reacting to him and needing him, the pleasure he was giving me by playing with my nipples was incredible, better then any man before ever had, but as he would pull his mouth off of them and ever so lightly but quickly flick the tip of his tongue over them I could only imagine how incredible that wonderful tongue would feel licking and flicking at my now throbbing clit. 

As if reading my mind he moved his body off mine and slipped one hand down to my little lace panties. He deftly slipped a hand inside them and gently cupped my pussy against his hand, rubbing ever so lightly before he pulled the panties down off my body. 

As soon as they were off I spread my legs for him, letting him know I wanted any part of him he was willing to give down there between my weak legs. 

He kept his mouth on my nipple, sucking and nibbling expertly as he slipped his finger along my slit. Finally after a few moments of this exquisite torture he slipped his finger a little higher rubbing my aching clit. I moaned loud and felt my body arch off the bed and press my breast into his mouth and his hand into my pussy. 

I was moaning almost continuously now and could feel myself getting close to cumming. I wanted his mouth on my clit; to see if he was as good as I thought he would be. I reached down and pulled his face to mine and kissed him, flicking the tip of my tongue against his and pressing my pussy up into his hand harder. He got the hint and moved down the bed. 

Without any warning he moved his finger from my clit and shoved it as deep as he could into my soaking cunt. I groaned and moved up to meet his hand as his mouth locked over my clit. He sucked, licked and nibbled on my clit as he finger fucked my pussy hard and fast. I was in heaven from the pleasure he was giving me and could feel myself beginning to cum, “Oh God, oh yes, oh God don’t stop! Don’t stop I’m gunna’ cum! Oh God, oh my clit, faster, oh yes baby that’s it make me cum, oh God I’m gunna’ cum, I’m gunna’ CUMMMMM!!!!!” I screamed as he flicked his tongue over my clit unbelievably fast and hard and pumped his finger deep into my pussy. 

Once the afterglow of my orgasm had faded I rolled over and looked at him. He was lying there beside me starring at me. He’d removed his clothes and his cock was so hard it looked like it was about to burst. I grinned at him and said, “It’s my turn now” I didn’t play around; I just went straight for his cock. I took him in my hand first and when he closed his eyes and let out a low moan I moved my head down and placed a tender kiss on the head of his cock. I moved my hand down to gently cup and massage his balls as I slowly moved my mouth over his cock. 

He moaned again and I began pumping his cock inside my mouth, adding my other hand at the base of his cock to move in time with my mouth. 

After only a couple of minutes I felt his balls twitch in my hand I slowly moved off his cock with my hands and mouth and looked up at him. His head was thrown back, eyes closed, mouth open in a silent moan of ecstasy. When I moved off his cock he slowly looked down at me and I could see the need plain on his face, “Please” was all he could manage to say. 

I grinned up at him and said, “Now, now, good things cum to those who wait. Tell me, would you rather have my hands and mouth on your cock and you cum all over my tits or would you rather feel your cock deep inside my pussy and cum while you fuck me?” At that he let out what could only be called a growl it was filled with such pure, animal need. He put his hands on my shoulders and moved me onto my back. 

He kissed me then with such need and hunger and passion I thought I would pass out. Then I felt his cock between my legs, without warning he shoved his cock deep into my pussy, making me moan into his mouth. 

He was giving it to me just how I wanted it, hard, fast and passionate. We were both moaning and groaning as he thrust his cock deeper and harder into my waiting pussy. 

We both knew he wouldn’t take long to cum after the blowjob I’d given him so he moved his hand down between our bodies as he fucked me like a wild man and started rubbing my clit. 

I was so overwhelmed by the incredible fucking he was giving my pussy and now his finger on my clit that I lost control, “Oh God, oh yes, oh God, oh please fuck me baby, fuck me harder, faster! Oh God I’m gunna’ cum baby! Oh yes! Oh yes! Oh my clit, my clit oh God fuck me please fuck me harder baby harder! Oh God I’m CUMMING!!!!!!” I screamed as my orgasm shook my body. 

“Oh ya baby cum for me! Cum for me while I cum in your pussy!” he yelled out as I felt him shoot his load deep inside my pussy, only serving to make me cum harder. 

Once we’d both finished cumming he stayed there for a while, his body on top of mine, his cock inside me growing soft and I just enjoyed the feeling of being so close to a man. We laid there like that in silence until he kissed my forehead and asked, “Would you like to stay the night?” I kissed him tenderly and said, “If you think you can handle a whole night with me sure.” 

I did stay the rest of the night, but that’s another story for another time.