 After arriving home from a night out partying with friends, we could both feel the heat and lust arising in our very souls. As we enter the house and my boyfriend shut the door, the next thing I remember is being slammed up against the wall near the stairs with our tongues entwined in our hot, wet mouths. We were lustfully making out like it was the first time we had ever kissed. As he kissed me, I could feel warmth overcome my body starting from my pussy and moving up towards my breasts. As I moan in pleasure from his kisses and hands moving up and down my body, he slowly kissed me down my neck and teases my nipples with his hot tongue making me squirm. His hands reach down to slowly slide up my thighs gently moving my black dress up my thighs as he reaches for my hot, wet pussy. As he touches my pussy, I twitch with anticipation of his tongue on my hard, swollen clit.

Still pinned up against the wall by his body, he drops down to his knees, lifts my dress and finally gives my pussy the licking and sucking that it craves. With every flick of his tongue, my hips grind into his face looking for his tongue to fuck my pussy deeper and deeper. As he licks my pussy and sucks my clit, his hands wander to my throbbing asshole and he starts to caress my puckered asshole. He wets his fingers with my pussy juices and his saliva and thrusts his middle finger into my asshole making me wish it was his hard, thick cock. My hips are grinding as he finger fucks my asshole and licks and sucks my clit, making me absolutely insane and screaming for him to fuck me hard. He then moves up to my mouth kissing me deeply with my pussy juices on his face and tongue sharing it with me, as he knows I like the taste of pussy. I lick and suck on his lips trying to get every drop of my pussy juice off of his face. 

I reach down and unbutton his jeans feeling how hard he is from eating me and fingering my asshole. All I want is to suck his hard cock and tease the head of his cock until he feels the need to fuck me. I drop to my knees and start sucking the shaft and at the same time teasing his head with my tongue. My hands are around his balls and begin to rub his taint moving closer and closer to his soft, pink asshole. I begin to massage his asshole with my fingers preparing it for my turn to lick and finger his asshole. I take his jeans off and turn him around facing the wall as I run my tongue and hands down his back moving faster and faster down between his ass cheeks with my tongue until my tongue finds his soft, shaved asshole. As I bend him over with one hand and with the other hand, grab his hip, I thrust my tongue into his asshole deeper and deeper until I hear him moan. I then proceed to lick and softly massage his asshole with my tongue enjoying every inch of it and its taste in my mouth. His cock is so hard it feels like it is going to explode in my hand as I jerk him off with my tongue in his ass.

We finally make it to the floor where we need to fuck like animals because the passion and lust is to the extreme. He puts me in the doggy position and before he fucks my pussy, he needs to kiss and tongue my hot asshole as I did his. He fucks my asshole with his tongue as deep as he can possibly go while I rub and play with my pussy making it wet for his cock. He quickly gets up to his knees after licking my asshole and sticks his hard cock into my wet, cum dripping pussy and fucks me harder and harder until I scream in painful pleasure because it is so big. I continue to beg him to fuck me hard, but he says "I want to fuck your asshole." He takes his cock out of my pussy and proceeds to lick and spit on my asshole to make it nice and wet for his hard cock. He stands me up against the wall bending me over so that my ass is up and my head is between my legs and he slowly sticks his hard cock into my tight asshole. With every inch, I quiver and moan in pleasure. Finally as his cock is all the way into my ass, I say "pull it out all the way and stick it in again." He does as I say and then he gets so lustful that he finally just fucks my asshole harder and harder as, once again, I play with my pussy. I then reach back to spread apart my asshole so that I can feel every inch deeper and harder as he pounds me in the ass.

After pounding me in the ass, he says "suck your ass juice off my cock babe" and I reach around, get on my knees and suck his cock all the way to his balls getting every drop of ass juice to go down my throat. As I continue to suck his cock he grabs the back of my head pushing his cock deep into my mouth fucking my mouth. I then look up and hear him say "honey, your gonna make me cum. Where do you want it? In your mouth?" I nod my head yes. The second I nodded my head, he shot his creamy, hot load into my throat. I could feel his cock throb and feel his warm cum slide down my throat. My mouth was watering for the taste of him and I finally got it.

After he shot his load, he then laid me down on the floor and started to lick and suck on my clit. He then stuck his two fingers into my wet pussy and fingered my pussy harder and deeper as he suck on my swollen clit. I screamed and moaned in pleasure. He was also moaning while he sucked my clit. My entire body was quivering and my hips were rising up and down into his face and fingers wanting to be fucked deeper and deeper. I finally can't take it anymore and I have to cum hard all over his fingers and tongue. I say "honey, im gonna cum, oh my god I'm gonna cum." I start twitching and groaning, moaning and growling as I have the most explosive orgasm I have every had.

We both lay on the floor lifeless and exhausted from the drain to our bodies completely and utterly pleased and satisfied. Good night!