 She was so nervous as the elevator took her up to the correct floor. She smoothed her hand over her skirt and tried to imagine her hands weren't as clammy as they felt. She looked at the numbers as they flashed and quickly removed her coat. It was suddenly very hot.

There were only three floors to go and suddenly she got a naughty idea. Without thinking she reached under the long skirt and pulled off her panties. She stuffed them into her purse as she straightened her skirt again. She smiled pleased with herself. If someone had been waiting and the elevator door had opened as she was taking them off, she would have been mortified.

She watched as the elevator opened and felt the pounding of her heart. Maybe she should just go. He would never know she had been here. But what's the point of coming this far only to leave? She should leave, she really should. She could be setting herself up for trouble or something worse.

Calm down! She snapped in her head. He can't be all that bad!

She walked down the hall looking at the door numbers. When she came to the right one she stood there for a minute unsure what to do. She knew she should knock but somehow she just couldn't make the simple movement. Her heart was beating frantically, she was sure he could hear it through the door. She took a deep breath and walked away from the door hoping to calm down. She stopped walking when she saw she was back at the elevator, her hand near the button.

She took another deep breath trying to slow her heart. She can do this. Knocking on the door doesn't take much. Maybe she could knock and run. No, that would be stupid and childish. She went back to the door holding her hands to keep them from shaking.

Just knock on the damn door! She thought angrily to herself. She couldn't believe she was acting like this. She's just meeting another human being. There's nothing wrong with that, even though her heart still hadn't slowed down. She knocked and forced herself to stay still. She wanted to bolt; dear God how she wanted to run and hide. 

She was thinking maybe she should, but before she could turn to go, the door opened and there he stood. He looked at her and smiled, leaning against the door, as she felt her heart give a jolt.

"Well," he said softly, his voice sounding surprised and very seductive at the same time. That one word held a lot of promise of things to come...if she was a good girl. The look in his eyes said the same thing while he looked her. "I didn't think you'd show."

She very well couldn't stand here silently while he looked at her, so she said the first thing that came to her mind, "Hello."

His smile widened as he opened the door to let her pass. She walked in sitting down in a chair and watched as he closed the door. The nervousness was bordering on terror, but she wouldn't let herself concentrate on it. She walked over to him and kissed him softly on the lips. He put his hands on her waist and pulled her closer to him. She could feel how hard he was through the thin material of her skirt and the feel of his hard dick excited her. She moaned against his lips and pressed harder against him. 


He walked her to the bed, his lips never leaving hers. His thumbs rubbed against her nipples through her shirt and she moaned again.

"Take off your shirt," he said softly.

"Right now?" she asked.

He nodded. "Take it off. Now." His voice was full of command.

She took off the shirt letting it fall to the floor without a moment's notice. He grabbed her breasts, squeezing them and massaging them. He sat down on the bed kneading her breasts. She leaned into him as he reached around and unsnapped the bra, pulling it from her shoulders and tossing it to the floor.

"Oh my," he said softly before burying his face in them, his lips finding a nipple and sucking it between them. She moaned arching her back and running her fingers through his hair. He bit and nibbled on one before moving his head to the other one and giving it soft, slow attention.

"Oh, yes," she breathed. Her fingers clenched in his hair and she forced herself to relax them. She could feel his hands move along her sides slowly. They moved in almost a searching manner before he stopped and drew away from her to look at her. "What's this?" he stroked her upper thigh. "Aren't you wearing any panties?"

She shook her head, embarrassed now. He smiled and placed a hand under her skirt, moving his hand slowly along the inside of her thigh. He stroked her once, his smile widening when he found out how wet she was.

"Naughty girl," he said softly. He kept one hand on her mound as the other came around and smacked her playfully on the ass. She placed her hands on his shoulders to keep her steady. "What am I going to do with you?" 

She looked down at him unsure if she was supposed to answer the question or not. She supposed not when he started stroking her pussy again. His fingers moved in slow teasing circles around her clit and she gasped.

"Damn, baby, you are so wet. " he said. "And I haven't even done anything." He smiled mischievously. "You want me bad don't you?"

She nodded, eyes closed, concentrating on the feelings she got as he slowly fingered her clit. She gasped when he pressed it hard and tightened her grip on his shoulders. Her hips began to move slowly against his hand as soft mewling sounds escaped her throat.

He groaned, kissing her breast before biting down hard bringing another gasp from her. A chuckle escaped his throat as he rolled his tongue around the hardened nipple. He quickened the movements of his hand and her mewling became full deep-throated moans.


"Oh yes! Oh yes! Oh yes!" she cried as fast as she could draw breath.

He knew when she was close. He could feel it in the way her hands gripped his shoulders, the way her breath was coming in heavy pants. He quickly removed his hand from under her skirt. She groaned in frustration at not being able to cum. She opened her eyes and looked at him unbelievingly.

He smiled lifting his pussy soaked fingers to his lips and licking them slowly. "We had a deal," He said when he was done. "You give me what I want, then we have fun." He reached down and unfastened his pants, moving the zipper down slowly, his eyes never leaving hers. "Come on, baby," he whispered. "Be good to me."

She sank to her knees hesitantly. She wasn't sure she could do this. She wanted to suck his cock so bad but to swallow his cum as well? She had never done it before and she wasn't sure she wanted to start now. It looked disgusting in porn tapes, but then they weren't swallowing it now were they? Movies exaggerate things anyway to make it more appealing to other people. She stood there on her knees staring at his cock as he held it in his hand, softly massaging the head with his thumb. She got wet just watching him do it.

"Come on, baby, it's waiting for you." He said.

Damn he looked big, maybe too big. Nah, she could fit him in her mouth. Maybe not all of him, but most of him could get in there without choking her. Hell she wanted to know what he tasted like, might as well give it a shot. You only live once right? She wrapped her fingers around his cock stroking it once to get the feel of it. It was warm, damn near hot as she moved her fingers on him. He groaned, closing his eyes and whispering softly, "Yes, baby, that's it."

She loved the sound of his voice when he groaned. She smiled and leaned over to take him into her mouth. She licked the very top of the head moving her tongue in a slow circle. She liked the color it turned as she did it so she did it again. Oh damn the groan that came from him when she stuck her tongue right in the hole! It got her so hot she quickly took his hard cock in her mouth and sucked it. She did it softly testing the feel of him in her mouth. She moved her tongue along the underside of the shaft and drew away sucking harder as it came out. She took him in her mouth again and again sucking harder and harder until it almost hurt her mouth. 

His hands were in her hair pushing her head down on him almost faster than she wanted to. When she moved away and just held him in her mouth he impatiently pushed her head down and she laughed to herself. He wanted this so bad. She sucked and licked and when her mouth was tired she stroked him, gripping him firmly. His head was thrown back, his hands tightening in her hair. She knew he was close so she went back to sucking him. She loved the sounds he made. They made her just as hot as his kisses.

"Oh, shit!" he cried. 

She felt his cock jerk in her mouth and harden just before he shot his load. She swallowed as fast as she could, trying to ignore the taste. She closed her eyes and took it all, hoping none would escape her lips. After a while his cum stopped but he still held her hair. She sucked him one last time, drawing away slowly, and licked his cock as it got soft. She licked her lips and looked at him. He was watching her every movement and she ducked her head in embarrassment.

"No, don't." he said, placing his fingers beneath her chin and lifted her face to his. "That was wonderful." He said softly.

She shrugged, still embarrassed. "Glad you liked it,"

He kissed her lips, softly at first then harder. She moaned pressing herself against him. He lifted her skirt, his fingers quickly moving to her clit. He was so surprised at how wet she was. His fingers were slick from her pussy in an instant. He played with her clit loving the way she moaned and the look on her face. She bit her lower lip, frowning, and grabbed his hand. She shoved his fingers into her and began to ride his hand.

Surprised at her bold movement he pulled her close and laid her on the bed. His fingers never left her and now that she was on her back he moved his fingers more slowly. Her hips rose with every thrust of his hand and a loud moan escaped her. He leaned over her as she writhed and kissed her. Hungrily, her tongue went between his lips searching for his. She tasted him, licking and prodding with her tongue. He mimicked her and when his tongue was between her lips, she sucked it similar to the way she had done his cock. She moaned as she sucked on his tongue biting down softly on it. 

Quickly she released him and brought her lips to his neck. Her tongue streaked across his vein, leaving a hot wet trail. He moaned and she licked him again before biting on his pulse. He cried out in surprise, his fingers thrusting hard into her. She moaned into his neck, her body jerking with the movement of his hand. She sucked on his neck and began to move her hips against his hands making soft whimpering sounds.

His thumb stroked her clit as he moved them in and out of her hot, wet pussy.

"Harder!" she cried out. "Do it harder, baby!"

She heard him groan and she smiled before biting him again. He pulled his fingers out of her and removed his shirt and pants. "I can't take it anymore!" he said. "I need to be inside of you."

Eagerly she removed her skirt and opened her legs as he lay on top of her. She didn't think he'd get hard again so fast, but she wasn't complaining. He rubbed his dick against her wet pussy and groaned. She opened her legs wider so he could rub her clit too. She moved her hips slowly against him, opposite his movements.

"Damn, how can you be so wet?" he asked in wonder. He kissed her lips moving down to her neck and bit her. She moaned and wrapped her arms around his neck, stroking his hair. She wanted him inside of her so bad it hurt. He was sucking softly on her neck when she pulled his head up.

"I want you inside me." She said, never taking her eyes from his. "Now."

He smiled and thrusted his hips against her. "Turn over then," he said, moving off of her.

She rolled over onto her stomach then got on her hands and knees. He grabbed her hips, pulling her hard against him, his cock hitting her clit. She groaned moving her hips frantically. He held her fast not letting her move. He rubbed his dick between her ass cheeks before stroking her wet pussy with it. He fingered her hole then went back to her pussy. He did it again and again, lightly brushing her clit. He spread her cheeks with his hands positioning his cock at her rear entrance. He held the head of his cock right there not moving. 

She moaned again moving her hips up and down. "Please!" she cried.

"Not yet," he said softly, his voice filled with mild amusement. "Beg for it. Tell me how much you want it."

She wanted to cry. She wanted him so bad and now he wanted her beg. Did she really need to? Couldn't he tell how bad she wanted him? She moved her hips again trying to get him inside of her. He slapped her ass hard enough to sting.

"Bad girl," he chided softly. "Tell me you want it. Tell me how much you need it. You won't get it unless you do."

She closed her eyes feeling how close he was to being inside her. "I want it." She said softly. "I need it. Please, baby, put it in. I want to feel you inside of me, fucking me hard. I want you to make me scream and cum for you. I want to feel you pounding my ass until I can't move! Please! Don't play anymore, put it in! Please, baby, please!"

He smiled. "You want it that bad?"

"Yes!"

He pushed the head of his cock into her slowly. "You're sure?"

Her body shook at the feel of him inside of her. It was only a little and she wanted him all. She moved again, and again he held her still. "Please!"

He pushed in a little more. "Please what?"

"Please fuck me! Baby, fuck me! Fuck me now!"

He groaned, thrusting his hips until he was buried in her to the hilt. He held her there feeling her body tighten around his cock. He groaned again pulling out a little before moving back in slowly. He did it again and again until he found a rhythm. 

"Like this?" He asked, moving faster.

"Yes! Oh yes!" she cried. She moved her hips back impaling herself on him. "Harder!"

He complied moving harder and faster. There were no words now, just the sound of his groans and heavy breathing as he rode her. She screamed calling his name, begging him to fuck her and make her cum. He reached and brushed his fingers on her clit feeling how wet her pussy was. She writhed and moaned when he touched her, her fingers digging into the covers, her hips thrusting against him.

Oh damn she felt so good. He didn't think it would be like this. He knew he was going to cum soon so he moved his fingers faster on her clit. She made a sound, somewhere between a cry and a moan, and he loved it. She screamed his name right before he came. He didn't think his load would ever stop. He held her to him waiting for his dick to get soft and he slipped out. He lay down on the bed, pulling her next to him when he realized she was trembling.

He turned her face toward his. "Are you all right?"

She nodded. "I'm still coming."

He smiled and placed a hand between her legs. Slowly he inserted a finger. "So you are," he said.

She closed her eyes and moaned as he moved his finger in and out of her. "I don't think I can take anymore,"

"Sure you can," he kissed shoulder. He moved down her body leaving a trail of kisses until he got to her hairless mound. He spread her legs and softly kissed her inner thigh. "You can take anything I give you."

He fingered her slowly, his mouth so close to her pussy. He flicked his tongue on her clit and she moaned, arching her back. He moved his tongue up and down and side to side on her clit. He held her hips and slowly sucked it. She gasped before moan after moan escaped her throat. Her hips bucked against his face and she gripped his hair calling his name. She came quicker than she wanted to her fingers tightening in his hair. 

She lay on the bed, breathing hard, eyes closed. He stood and reached over to the bedside table and she heard a wrapper being opened. A moment later she felt his hard cock at her pussy. She opened her eyes and saw him leaning over her.

"One more, ok?" He said softly.

She nodded and looked down her body. He had put on a condom and was about to enter her. She was so wet that he slipped easily, filling her up. She arched her back against him moaning loudly. He had his hands on either side of her, holding himself up. 

His eyes were closed and the look on his face was similar to wonderment. She felt so good, he thought. Her pussy tightened around him adjusting to his cock. He kept still for a moment wondering if he could cum without either of them moving.

"Baby," she said softly, pleadingly.

He moaned and kissed her thrusting into her as he did so. He moved in and out of her hard and slow, loving the feel of her.

She wrapped her arms around his neck, her fingers playing with the back of his hair. She lifted her hips matching him thrust for thrust. She bit her lower lip her face frowning in concentration as he drove into her. She held him tighter wrapping her legs around his waist.

"Oh, yes. Oh, baby, give it to me." She moaned low in her throat.

He pulled her close to him driving faster into her. "Oh damn!" He groaned. "You feel so good, damn!"

He leaned down and kissed her, his tongue probing into her mouth. She clamped her teeth on his tongue and held it in her mouth sucking gently. She moaned, unable to concentrate on what she was doing and the feel of him inside her. He felt so good, she didn't want him to stop. She wanted this to continue forever.

Surprisingly he rolled over and put her on top of him. "Ride me," he said softly. "I want you to fuck me, baby."

She smiled placing her hands on his chest and moving on him hard and slow. She moved so her clit rubbed against him giving her more pleasure. His hands were on her breasts and he sat up to suck and bite them. She groaned low and deep in her throat. She was close so she moved faster on him, leaning back.

A deep groan escaped him when she started moving faster. He raised hips going deeper into her.

"Yes!" She cried. "Oh, baby, I'm gonna cum!"

"Cum, baby. Cum for me!" he said with a moan.

She impaled herself on him, driving him deeper and harder into her. He pinched her nipples just as she threw her head back. "Yes! Oh, damn, yes!" she screamed as wave after wave of pleasure came over her. She was still riding him when she felt his body jerk and stiffen. He held her down on him, eyes closed, as his breath came out in a sigh and a groan. 

She fell against him, closing her eyes trying to slow her breathing and her heart. She listened to his heartbeat and breathing slow as hers did. She rose up and off of him as he began to get soft and lay down next to him. He held her in his arms kissing the top of her head.

"Thank you," he said softly. "I didn't think you were gonna come tonight."

She smiled. "I came a lot tonight." She felt the pull of sleep and yawned.

"Tired already?" He asked. "You know we'll have to do this in the morning too." He pulled her close. "I don't think I can get enough of you."

She smiled as she drifted off to sleep. She needed to save her energy for tomorrow.