 It had been a rough several weeks for dating, with the holidays, and our work schedules. My girlfriend of several months, Isabella, and I hadn't been able to see each other but for a few minutes each morning and evening due to all the happenings. 

We had one Tuesday night where both happened to have nothing going on, and no kids. I was looking forward to some time, especially more than the normal ten minutes of seeing her. 

Isabella is a wonderful, beautiful woman. She's tall, athletic, with a body that no one would guess produced multiple children. Her hair, usually a sandy brown color, is often found hanging straight and free, but sometimes, when she curls it, she still looks like a million dollars. She has the most beautiful eyes that are for the most part blue, but, at times, they show a bit of green or gold stars within the blue. But, at that moment when she is most aroused, her almond shaped eyelids frame those eyes, which change to a beautiful teal blue. 

As I was on the way to her house, I was called by my office. Illness had been going around and someone called in, and I was the only one available to come in and finish the important project we were working on. Knowing there was a deadline; I called Isabella and apologized for having to break our date. I could tell she was disappointed, but to her credit, she hid it as well as she could as she encouraged me to go into work and remember that this upcoming weekend we had time we could spend together.

I hung up the phone and looked at my watch. I didn't have any time to grab a bite to eat, but remembered I had some ramen noodles left in my desk. 

I got to the office and sat down to work on the project. I lost track of time and noticed everyone but one of the other project managers had already left for the night. As I watched him walk back to the back offices area, I knew he was probably going to sleep off the long day in his office. I checked my phone, and sadly, there were no texts, calls or other messages from Isabelle. 

I turned back to my computer when I heard the security tone from the door. Being a secure building, everyone had to pass in front of a camera and had to be let in if they didn't have the proper security badge. I popped up the camera page on my computer and there was Isabella. She was standing at the door, wearing a black shirt; black yoga pants, long leather boots and one of those red poofy vests all the rich ladies wear when shopping or out on the slopes. In her hand she had a small refrigerator bag. I pressed the button opening the electronic lock. 

A few minutes later, she showed up to the door of my private office. She smiled as she entered and I turned in my seat as she approached. I could smell her perfume as she closed the distance. I quickly leaped from my chair and embraced her, our lips touching as my hands found the small of her back. I expected only a moment of a kiss, but soon found, to my surprise, Isabella's tongue pressing against my mouth and into my own. Her hips drove forth, into mine, pressing her mound against my tenting pants. 

Isabella pushed me back into my chair and pulled herself onto my lap. I tried to tell her that this was my office and we couldn't do anything here, but, before I got out the first word, she shook her head and placed another kiss on my lips.

I began to get all hot as she ground against me in the chair. I was aware of her beautiful breasts, encased in a low cut black shirt, just below my chin. I began kissing her neck, and as I did, I was able to smell the amazing scent her body releases when she's turned on. The scent became overwhelming, turning me on to a point where I'd nearly forgotten where I was. 

As I heard her lightly moan, my hand found her breast. Covered by a light bra, I could feel the warmth of that beautiful globe. I felt her nipple, her wonderful nipple, harden beneath my touch as I moved my mouth down along her collarbone.

I started moving my other hand up, to make sure her other breast didn't feel alone, and Isabella shook her head "no" then climbed off my lap. She went to the office window, turned down the shades and walked over and shut off the lights, allowing only the soft blue light of the computer monitors to light up the room. As I watched her ass move in the yoga pants, I couldn't help but stand up, drawn to her. 

As I approached her from behind, I grabbed her hips and kissed the back of her neck. She pressed her ass into my hips. I heard her moan, "mmmmm", as I pressed my crotch hard into the cleft between her cloth covered cheeks. 

Isabella turned and grabbed my cock, hard, thru my pants, causing a moment of discomfort, which was quickly replaced by the pleasure of her hand working against the head of my hard member, trapped in its case of denim. Her tongue darted hard between my hips and before I could think of what was happening, I felt her hand moving across the buckle of my pants, releasing the leather belt. She moved on quickly, tearing the button of my pants open and ripping my jeans down, my waist. 

I looked at the door, afraid the other manager might have heard the zipper as it sounded like a machine gun in my ear. Isabella just smiled, and then went to her knees, pulling my black boxer briefs down with her movement.

I whispered that we were in the office as reality hit me. But Isabella just smiled, and then grabbed my freed cock, which, because of the fear of being caught, had gone to half-mast. In one quick movement, she impaled her mouth with my cock, taking the entire thing in. I felt the head hit the back of her throat and suddenly, all resistance was gone. I felt it harden to full length as she began to pull back. I looked down and saw just how aroused I was. My cock isn't long, by any means, only being just a hair over 6 inches long, but, to see how her mouth had to stretch around the thickness, that turned me on. Oh how that turned me on. 

Isabella's hand began moving along the shaft as her tongue flattened across the bottom of my hardness. I could feel the tip licking the sensitive area just below the head as the light suction and her to and fro movement caused my knees to be weak and my head to become cloudy. 

I reached down and started to caress her hair, trying to show her the love and pleasure she was showing me, but failing miserably as she had total control. She moved her head, circling left and right, making a vicious hungry circle around the very tip of my swollen manhood as her hand circled in the opposite direction, driving me crazy. I couldn't believe how hard I was, and how nervous I was, as I was afraid of cumming into that beautiful mouth.

Before I could think another thought, I felt Isabella pull away from my cock and start stroking it as she moved her mouth and expert tongue down the shaft and onto my hairless scrotum. She continued stroking my length with one hand while the other found my soft and sensitive perineum. I grew more aware of her movements as her fingers lightly stroked nether region and my breath caught every time she accidentally touched my ass. She took each of my balls in her mouth, tracing every contour, every blood vessel with her tongue, causing a swelling and ache I couldn't believe. I had the strong need to cum and began tightening my calves, thighs and ass muscles in that buildup.

Isabella stopped for a moment, smiled and stood up, still stroking me. I was frustrated, but at the same time relieved, as the reality of our venue crept across the back of my mind. I closed my eyes for just a moment to breath and heard the waistband of her yoga pants slide down her thighs. Isabella was wearing a thin thong and I could see it disappear between her ass cheeks as she turned around and bent over my keyboard. I wasn't asking for permission and I reached up to open her up, as I was extremely thick and swollen. 

As I reached between her legs, I could feel her swollen womanhood, her labia full with arousal. I slipped my finger in and found a wetness that was indescribable. She backed onto my fingers and both my index and middle finger probed her deeply. I could feel just how aroused she was, as my fingers barely fit; her insides were so wet, yet they were swollen in lust and a deep womanly need. I felt deep, brushing her cervix. Her hips instinctively moved forward and down as she remained bent over and a small whimper of pleasure left her mouth.

Before I removed my fingers, I turned them south, and slowly ran them on either side of her fluid filled g-spot. She let out more than a whimper and squeezed my fingers as I pulled them slowly from inside her wonderfully hot pussy. Her hips moved back, following my fingers and I replaced them with my still hard cock. Knowing my thickness can make penetration uncomfortable, I ran the head up and down the slit, moving her wet lubrication all along her opening. I watched her head shake back and forth as instinct and wanton lust took over.

In moments, all that could be heard in my office was heavy breathing, the sounds of our bodies slapping together, and the small sounds made in the back of Isabella's throat. I felt my balls swelling several times, warning me of my impending orgasm, but the feeling was too great and I pushed it back so I could last longer. I could feel her vagina gripping my cock; the walls seizing my shaft, caressing my head. I was nearly at the point when I could handle no more and suddenly Isabella pulled off me and turned around. I looked at my cock just before she grabbed it. It was soaked with her womanly fluids and I could see it dripping just behind the glans. 

I reached down to wipe it off and before I could, Isabella's mouth had encompassed me once more. This time, it was different. Watching her take in her own fluids sent my mind reeling. Feeling her tongue on the frenulum sent my blood boiling. I watched as she took it as far in as she could and that's when I felt her finger caressing my perineum. 

I stood on my toes and locked my knees. All my muscles went taught as I felt my balls tingle then contract. I told Isabella I was cumming and I tried to push her away. Her hand left my perineum and pulled against my ass, driving my cock deeper into her throat. I couldn't fight it. I felt the amazing sensation of my cock jumping, swelling and firing out its hot load. I couldn't move as she began stroking my cock with her lips, her throat swallowing as I shot and shot and shot. It felt like days before I shot my last load and she took a breath, allowing my overly sensitive head to breathe before she sucked the last bit of semen from deep within my shaft. She pumped a few more times. My body was weak. My mind a wreck. I could barely stand. 

Isabella stood, her lips wet, her eyes the most beautiful teal color and she smiled and thanked me before kissing me full on the mouth. My tongue drove against hers, the dance of two people in love. Isabella's vulva, still naked, pressed against my pulsing manhood causing me to jump from the extra used nerves. 

Isabella stepped back after a few moments, raised her underwear and pants. I was still partially in shock and suddenly realized she hadn't yet had an orgasm. Feeling guilty, and wanting to make sure she felt the same pleasure I did, I reached for her pants. She stepped back, took two fingers, and placed them inside her pants. When she pulled them out, seconds later, they were sopping wet with her juices. She smiled, took the fingers and held them out. I stepped forward to taste them and as soon as they hit my tongue, Isabella dove into the kiss, helping me lick her fingers clean. "Tomorrow" Isabella said with a smile, "tomorrow you get to do me."

Before I could respond, she reached down, squeezed my interested cock, turned away and headed out the door. As she was leaving, she blew me a kiss goodbye. I stood there, for what seemed an eternity. Then my hunger hit me. And then, my lust. And at that moment I noticed the bag she brought in with her in the beginning. There, at the bottom, was my dinner. Then, the last emotion struck me: Love.