 When I chose languages at University I assumed I'd end up at an Embassy somewhere, or working as a translator in Brussels. However, once I had graduated I found that such opportunities were few and far between. Consequently for the last few years I've been working as a tour guide in London. Although it isn't what I hoped to be doing , and one of the negative things is that as most of my clients are middle-aged Americans, so I don't get much opportunity to use my languages, but at least it pays the bills. And I'll admit I do enjoy it, the work is very varied, and every day seems to bring new surprises and challenges. Some more surprising than others.

A few weeks ago I was on a coach at Heathrow waiting to meet a flight from the U.S. I find people tend to have a misguided idea about Americans thinking them brash and arrogant, but my experience has been quite the opposite. Many of my clients are from the rural U.S. states, and are kind, courteous and polite. They seem genuinely interested in Britain, and often talk of the 'special relationship' between our two countries. For many it's their first trip outside the U.S. and they can find some of the differences in our cultures puzzling. So, I often have to be on hand to sort out any problems. In fact part of my job involves not only taking them on the prearranged excursions, but also answering their questions, and making sure they get the most out of their vacation. Which may involve me arranging special trips to other places of interest. As I said I don't mind this as in general they're good company and very appreciative of anything extra I manage to arrange for them, plus they find the idea of tipping natural. So by the end of the season I always have a jar in my kitchen full of loose dollar bills, which I use for travelling abroad.

The flight had been delayed and after spending an hour trying to hold a conversation with the middle-aged and apparently racist driver, I made my excuses and went to wait in the arrival lounge. The fight finally arrived, and I was standing by the barrier with my sign for the tour company when I saw her. She was pulling a trolley, and holding a large sun hat on her head with her other hand. I remember thinking she wasn't going to get much use out of that, well not during a British summer anyway. She was unmistakably American, in that fresh faced, wholesome way that only they can do well, tall and red haired with freckles. She was wearing jeans, which appeared to have been sprayed on, as they were so tight, and accentuated her fabulous legs. the rest of her body I could only fantasise about as it was covered in a large tribal scarf. However, my erotic fantasy was suddenly disturbed when a gaggle of 'American matrons' surrounded me. 

I rounded up my party, ticking off their names on my list, and was suddenly startled when she approached and looking over my shoulder pointed with a long finger, and said.

"That's me...Chomsky... Stephanie...Miss." I was slightly flustered but ticked her off, and then counted up the numbers. We were one short. 

"Hello..hello.." I tried to get their attention, "Is Mr, er..Daniel ..Watkins, here?"

"He's not coming." she said.

"No, he isn't coming, he had to cancel,...last minute," added one of the Matrons. 

Eventually I'd rounded everyone up, and got their luggage and them loaded on the coach. When I boarded myself I found the front four seats filled by the 'matron', and her husband, Marjorie and Bud Chomsky on one side , and on the other their daughter Stephanie, her hat, scarf and bag. Usually I'd sit on a fold down 'jump seat' next to the driver, However I didn't fancy a couple of hours discussing his views on immigration, and the seat next to the girl looked much more inviting. I asked if I could sit next to her, she smiled and moved her things.

The next hours passed quickly as we found that we had lots in common, she'd 'majored' in French, one of my languages, and loved literature. She was training to be a teacher and was keen to experience as much of British culture as she could on her vacation. She was also fun, and when she found out that I'd taught in Paris for a year during my university course, decided to practice her French on me.

To be honest it was lovely to use my languages again. Her French was actually very good, and she had a cute accent with a slight American twang. However when I mentioned it to her, she seemed a bit put out. I reassured her, and said it was really cute. Probably like a French-Canadian I said, but added that I'd never met a French Canadian girl so couldn't judge.

"You'd like them."

"Would I?"

"Oh yes, they're all nymphomaniacs."

"Really?, remind me to book a flight tomorrow.."I laughed. She smiled and said,

"I don't think you'd need to go that far," then flashed me a cheeky smile. 

I felt a bit embarrassed, so took the opportunity to take the 'welcome packs' and distribution them to the others in the party.

When I returned she looked a bit upset, and a little tearful. I tried to apologize, but she said it wasn't that, and when I pressed her further, she started talking quietly under her breath in French.

It turned out Mr Daniel Watkins, had been her fiance. They'd been teenage sweethearts, started going out at fourteen and after eight years together had planned to get married next year. They'd arranged this holiday with her parents over a year ago, and two weeks before departure, and after the last cancellation date she'd caught him in bed with an old friend of theirs. I tried to sympathize, saying it often happened, and perhaps they could make up again. She started to weep a little, and said that wouldn't happen as the friend had been a man. I'll admit I was a bit shocked, and as she was crying, gave her a hug, and started talking English in a outrageous French accent to made her laugh.

From then on we adopted the persona of French tourist whenever we were together, and used French as a way to talk in secret without anyone else understanding us.

'Steph' wanted a complete make over to try to forget Danny, and intended to have some fun away from the prying eyes and wagging tongues of her friends and neighbours at home.

So, as she wanted to buy some new clothes, asked me where to go. I couldn't really help, but had a younger sister obsessed with fashion, who provided me with a list of the best up and coming designers in the hip and trendy bits of East London.

When I came back to her hotel that evening to arrange things for the following mornings trip, she was waiting in the lobby, and grabbing me by the arm, said she wanted a male opinion on the clothes she'd bought, and would I come up to her room.

Fifteen minutes later I was sitting on a chair in her room, while she did a fashion show for me. She'd go into the bathroom get changed then come out, I had to promise to keep my eyes shut until she had adopted a pose like a model in Vogue. All the time she kept talking in her fake French-Canadian accent, as she said she knew I found it sexy. I played along as I was having a really good time, she had such a fun infectious personality and she could always keep me amused.

One minute she was wearing a huge furry coat, the next a sixties style mini dress. Then, "Does my bum look big in this?"she said. And when I opened my eyes she was wearing an incredible tight pair of shorts, and bending over so her bottom was about five centimetres from my nose. I jumped in shock and she laughed.

"Do you think these are too big?" she asked next. I opened my eyes to see her wearing only a pairs of knickers, and indicating with her delicate fingers her bare breasts.

"I always think they're too big, and these are a funny shape." she continued, tweaking her nipples. I stared in disbelief, with my mouth slightly open, which made her giggle.

"I think they're perfect." I added,

"Really?" she knelt down in front of me, so they were within reach.

"Yes, really,.. although I'll need to get my equipment to be sure," I joked.

"What equipment? Is this it?" she placed her hand on my growing erection. Bringing my hands up I gently touched her breasts, she sighed, and murmured.

"You've no idea how good that feels." We kissed, and I had soon shed my clothes and joined her on the bed. As our tongues entwined I stroked her breasts and squeezed her nipples, then kissed my way down her body, but she stopped me going any further by putting a hand on my head. As I looked up, she said, "Please,.. I need you inside me." And parting her thighs, used a hand to gently guide me between her labia. She was very wet, but also so very tight, so it took a little time to gradually get fully inside her. We kept eye contact throughout, she was biting her lip as I pushed. Eventually, I was deep inside her, and after letting her get used to it, began to gentle rock backwards and forwards, opening her up as I did.

She started moaning, and then begged me to be a 'real man' with her. I wasn't quite sure what she meant and started pushing harder and faster. She looked at me with her green eyes wide open, panting for breath, then arched her back and orgasmed, her vaginal muscles spasming around my penis. It was all I could do not to follow her, but I managed to hang one and stayed inside her. She gradually recovered and opening her eyes smiled and thanked me. Then giggled, and squeezed her muscles around by still erect penis.

I bent and kissed her lips, then her nipples. She put her hand in my hair, and whispered,

"Be rough with me, treat me like a slut." 

As I said I've always tried my best to help a client enjoy their stay, but wasn't sure what she wanted. I looked into her beautiful green eyes for a clue, they were open and seemed sparkling with inner passion, so I decided to have a go.

"You cheap slut!!" I said, "I'm going to fuck you until you're raw, then I'm going to spank your arse and fuck your mouth!" At first I thought I'd gone too far, then she said,

"Oh, Jeez yes!" I grabbed hold of her hair, and as I hammered away inside her, said.

"I've a good mind to come in your mouth too." Her eyes were wide open now, her lips apart.

"Please sir," she said in an innocent voice, "Don't make me do that, anything but that."

"I'll make you swallow too." we were both getting into the role-play now

"You beast! Let me go..." then in a quiet voice, "Do you want to tie me up?"

I grinned, and jumped out of bed , grabbed the belt from the coat, and wound it loosely around her wrists. She made a halfhearted attempt to wriggle free, giggling.

"Now I can do whatever I like with you." I teased, then rolled her over on her stomach, and started to spank her bottom, she wriggled, and kept protesting, begging me to stop. Then I pulled her up onto her knees and entered her from behind, her wrists held behind her back.

I took hold of her hips and pushed deep in one long thrust. She moaned, then said.

"Use me.. Make me do it all.." I knew I wouldn't last much longer, so speeded up. I reached over and taking a handful of her beautiful red hair pulled her head back.

"Is that deep enough for you.. You little slut?" she grinned, then said in a high voice.

"Please sir no more, it's too big... I'll do anything, just take it out.."

"Anything?" I pulled out, and turned her around by her hair, until she was facing me.

"Suck it!" she smiled a mischievous smile, then pulling an innocent face said, 

"Please, don't come in my mouth." We both knew what that really meant.

"I'm going to come in your mouth, and then you're going to swallow it all." Taking hold of her head in both my hands, one holding her hair tightly and the other opening her mouth.

"Have you swallowed before, you little slut?" she shook her heads as best she could. I didn't know if that was play acting or true, but was sure she wanted to go through with it.

"Open wide, don't bite if you know what's good for you, and remember swallow it all."

I pushed my penis into her mouth, and she wriggled her head in my hands and gagged a little bit, for a second I thought she wanted to stop, and was about to pull out when she opened her eyes and winked. So I pushed deeper, aroused by her gagging and choking.

"You'll soon have something to choke on, and don't you dare try to spit it out." I held her head tightly and thrust again. Suddenly I could feel a familiar twitching in my testicles, and as I started to ejaculate pulled out of her month. She took a deep gasp of air, and the first spurt went straight into her open mouth. I pushed forward and she wrapped her lips tight around my penis. I could feel spurt after spurt, I don't think I'd ever come so much, eventually I stopped, and gasping for breath withdrew. She looked up at me, her mouth slightly open, and semen visible inside, a small trickle escaping from one side of her lips. Then looking me in the eye, she closed her mouth, and pausing slightly for effect, swallowed hard. It took two goes, then she smiled, opened her now empty mouth and said,

"I suppose it's an acquired taste, like British beer, warm and bitter." we both laughed.

I untied her hands and in a post-orgasmic glow, we cuddled up on the bed and talked.

She told me about her and Danny. How they'd grown up together, originally friends, then with puberty they'd become boyfriend and girlfriend, losing their virginity together at eighteen, at her instigation. However they never had a very sexual relationship, and as she had no experience of any other, she was made to feel that that was natural, and had been made to feel odd for wanting to have sex more often. At the time she had felt that it was because of her body, that there was something wrong about it particularly her breasts. As since puberty she had always felt self-conscious about their size and shape, and as Danny didn't seem interested in them, she always covered then up.

Now of course she realized that Danny's lack of interest was due to other reasons. Perhaps he'd felt unable to tell anyone about his sexually, and had consequently drifted into a relationship with her that as the years went by was more and more difficult to finish. As she'd had a few weeks to cool off, she could understand how he must have felt trapped. Perhaps with time they could be friends again, but no more than that.

"Well, I think they're fabulous." I was stroking her right breast, and feeling the nipple hardening again, while supporting my head on my other arm. Her hand travelled down my side, and as it touched my penis it twitched. She giggled, and wrapped her hand around it saying.

"I suppose if you want to acquire a taste for something, you have to keep tasting it."

Over the next few days I did my best to help her with that, and in making sure that the client was satisfied. She explained that she wanted to make up for lost time, and knew she'd be leaving in a few days. Because we didn't have any plans for a long-term relationship we found it easy to talk about what things turned us on, We had no secrets from one another, and were happy to try anything the other fancied. I especially enjoyed using butter from the breakfast bar to rub on her breasts, and then to rub my penis between them until I came, covering them and her face in semen. She seemed to enjoy this too, as she realized how much I loved her breasts, so she always hid a supply of butter in her room for later. She had never had cunnilingus before, Danny hadn't been keen, and consequently she thought her labia must be a funny shape. But quickly changed her mind once I'd got my tongue on her clitoris and two fingers deep inside her vagina massaging her G-spot. Towards the end of the week we were both subdued as we realized we didn't have long left. It wasn't just the sex, although that was fantastic, I 'd never had a lover who was more open to new ideas, but also as much fun. A lot of the time during sex we were in fits of giggles, especially when role-playing as we both used funny voices. Her nyphomaniac French Canadian was a favourite of mine, while she enjoyed my strict schoolteacher who had more than a hint of Inspector Clouseau about him. 

On the last night we decided to go into Central London for the last time. She expressed a desire to go somewhere naughty, so I took her to Soho. She was intrigued by the sex shops and we had such fun, I couldn't stop laughing at the look on her face when presented by a rack of enormous dildos. She was also fascinated by the doors proclaiming 'Busty model 2nd floor' etc.., and wanted to go upstairs and have a look. Admitting that she sometimes fantasized about being a prostitute, and wanted to see what it was really like. I managed to dissuade her, but when we went past a 'Peep show' she asked what it was, and then when I explained pleaded to go inside. Eventually I relented, and took her inside.

It was a dingy room, at the front was a bored receptionist counting the coins, and behind her a line of six booths. I handed over some money and she gave me tokens. We went into the first empty booth together, there was a frosted glass screen, and once I put a token in the slot this cleared and we were looking into a small room. The girl inside was sitting reading a book, but once the screen cleared she stood up and moved towards the window. She was probably about late twenties, and not particularly attractive, but she did have very pert breasts that she came and squeezed in front of the window, licking her lips in a very bored imitation of arousal. The window went blank again while I fumbled for another token. Steph then took the tokens off me, as she said I was obviously distracted, and proceeded to feed them all in, a timer on the wall gradually counted down, while we watched.

The girl began swaying from side to side, as though she was listening to some unknown music, and turning round slowly took off her knickers. I looked at Steph who looked fascinated. The girl bent over and smacked her own bottom twice, then parted her legs and ran a hand over her crotch while looking over her shoulder at us both. Climbing on a high stool, she spread her legs so that we could see her shaved vagina, then the window went blank. Thrusting some notes in my hand Stephanie whispered for me to get some more tokens.

However when I came back she was outside another booth, in all we saw another two girls, as each room served two booths. The act was basically the same all the girls were moderately attractive, but also very bored. Even so they were doing quite good business. Men, it was always men came in bought their tokens and went in the booths, then emerged a few minutes later and scurried off.

"What are they doing?" she asked, I gave her a long look, raising my eyebrows, and said.

"I'll give you ten guesses."

"Really? In the booths?" I nodded, as we'd used all our tokens I went to leave, but she caught my arm and pulled me back. Then started talking in French. I translated as she spoke, but wasn't sure I'd heard correctly, so asked her to repeat herself. 

Still a little shocked I went to the desk.

"My girlfriend, who is French Canadian would like to ask something." The receptionist was filing her nails and looked up even more bored than the girls had been.

"What?" I turned to Steph, who told me to go on. I wasn't too happy but said.

"Can she have a go?"

Eventually we came to an agreement, we'd pay what they expected to earn in half an hour, even though it seemed a lot to me, and we could kept any money that the clients put in. They told us to come back in twenty minutes when they had a coffee break, and to get something sexy to wear.

A quick trip to a sex shop around the corner, and a quick double brandy in the pub opposite, and we were back. I still wasn't happy, but she reminded me, that I'd promised to make her last night memorable, and this is what she wanted. She changed into a cupless basque, with fishnet stockings and suspenders, then pulled on a tiny pair of black knickers and went through the curtain at the back of the little room. I stood behind the curtain to keep an eye on her in case of any problems. Sitting on the stool facing the two blank windows, she turned to me and gave me a thumbs up sign, and a cheeky wink. Suddenly a window cleared, I couldn't see the man from where I was but could see her starting her act.
