 Copyright (c) 2019 James Miehoff, All Rights Reserved. 

This work may not be published whether for fee or free without this copyright.

------------------

This is one of a series of stories set in what I call Universe-J. Universe-J is very much like this universe with a few exceptions. 

First the people tend to be a little more sexual and less hung up on sex that they are in our universe. This does not mean that monogamy is the exception. James and Heather were monogamous for a significant amount of time before they "accidentally" swapped partners.

Second the repercussions of unprotected sex are less severe than our universe. Not to say that STDs and unexpected pregnancies don't occur, just that they occur less frequently and in the case of STDs, a good shot of antibiotic will put you right again. HIV has yet to be introduced so STDs aren't a death sentence there.

Lastly, pedophilia and incest (which I will not be writing about) are virtually unknown. Children are to be protected and loved not abused. When they reach the age of consent, they can join in the adult games if they so desire, but there is no pressure on them to do so.

------------------

As I was getting ready for work, I glanced at the calendar and a smile came unbidden to my lips. Today, it has been 15 years since that day that changed my life forever.

It was early evening and I was heading for my night class when Roger accosted me, "Yo! Egghead hold up for a second!"

I stopped and turned back. Roger and I go way back. I helped him pass his state mandated tests so he could graduate sixth grade. And again in eighth. And again in 12th grade. By pure chance, we ended up at the same college. He, on a full football scholarship. Me, on my summer wages and any other cash I could scrape together. He was probably going to get drafted by a pro football team in month and make a zillion dollars. I was going to get a lab job after graduation for probably $35K a year. 

"Egghead, you gotta help me. I have to pass this physics course and they are talking quantum voodoo and I just don't get it. You are the only one that has ever been able to make any of this shit make sense," he said pleading.

Taking a deep breath, I shot back, "If I do, what do I get out of it?"

"Anything I have for an hour," he said glancing at his yellow Lamborghini. 

"All right," I said. "I have a class in 2 minutes that will be done at 9. I'll meet you at the library."

I heard an amazing sexy female voice behind me say, "The library? He'll be struck by lightning if he goes in there. Kinda like an atheist going to church."

I turned and as saw her bouncing, er, I mean walking up to us, my heart stopped. 

"Ha, ha. Very funny Melissa," Roger growled. 

"I'll meet you at 9," I said recovering as best I could, "I need to go."

As I hurried off, I heard Melissa's voice saying, "This I have to see."

At nine, I met them on the stairs leading into the library. As we went in, Melissa moved away from Roger saying, "Just in case you are hit by lightning," and then broke up laughing. He just glared at her.

We found a table in a corner and I started to ask Roger what he was having trouble with. It started with quantum entanglement.

Not quite an hour later, Roger pushed his chair back and said, "I knew you could do it Egghead. I think I can at least pass that test tomorrow." 

He reached into his pocket to fish his car keys out and I was tempted, but pulled my courage together and said, "I don't want your car. I want Melissa for that hour."

She inhaled and her eyes got as big as any anime girl's eyes I've ever seen. Roger froze, and then slowly sat down. He glanced at Melissa briefly before looking straight at me and saying, "All right. I am a man of my word. One hour and not a second more."

Deer in the headlights is a phrase coined just for this type of occasion, but she straightened up and squared her shoulders and walked over to me and said, "Let's go. We are wasting time here."

Just before we turned the corner we heard Roger call out, "One hour. I'll be at my car. Don't be fucking late."

As we made the two-minute walk to my apartment, Melissa grabbed my hand and interlaced our fingers and squeezed.

I unlocked the door and waved her in. It was not much. A one room studio apartment with a desk, a bed and a small stovetop, a microwave and a fridge. Not at all like Roger's three bedroom house. But it was all I had.

I turned to close the door and lock it and when I turned back, Melissa was just dropping her t-shirt on the floor and she started to hook her thumbs into her stretch pants. 

I took the step to close the space between us and grabbed her hands. "No," I said as I pulled her hands to me and kissed them. "That is not why you are here."

I bent down and picked up her t-shirt and handed it to her. I looked at the floor as I handed it to her. Her face was awash with emotions and questions. I glanced up in time to see the most beautiful breasts in the world get covered up. I had known they would be beautiful and they hadn't disappointed. 

She stood there, totally vulnerable and completely confused. I patted the edge of the bed and half asked and half commanded her to sit. She looked up at me with her eyes pleading for an explanation.

I grabbed the chair from my desk and sat so we were the same height. I reached out and took her hands again, gently. 

"I didn't bring you back her to have sex," I said. "I am not entirely sure why." I paused for a second to try and still the whirlwind of thoughts battering my brain. One thought jumped out and before I could stop it, I heard my voice say, "I did it to punish Roger."

Her eyes got big but she held her tongue.

"Roger and I go way back. You probably know that. He was always the big man and I was always the geek. I didn't exist unless he needed something and then I would go back on the shelf.

"Like tonight. He needed help to pass a test. So where did he go? To the tutoring service? No, he went to his friendly neighborhood geek. In the past, he has done things like taking me along for a weekend to the lake with his parents when we were in grade school or letting me ride his 15 speed bike or inviting me to one of his parties so I could watch his friends get drunk and get laid.

"So tonight, I snapped. 

"I know he expected me to borrow his car. I mean, who doesn't dream of driving a Lambo. But tonight, I wanted to hurt him and I am sorry you had to be part of my childish dream.

"It's not that I wouldn't die to make love to you. You are so beautiful. But I can't do that even to a jerk like Roger. So I just wanted to spend a few minutes with you and talk. Just to take you away from Roger for a few minutes and talk. I'm sorry."

The silence was overwhelming and it seemed like it dragged on forever. Finally, she broke the silence by giggling. I didn't know what to do so I started to laugh a little and bit by bit we ended up laughing until it hurt and tears ran down our cheeks.

When we finally wound down, she put her hand under my chin and lifted my head until I was staring into her eyes. 

"So you think I am beautiful?" she asked.

I nodded dumbly. "The first time I saw you, I fell in love with you," my mouth blurted out. As my head fell down again I continued, "But then I found out you were Roger's girl and I could never ..."

She lifted my head up again and said, "But you don't know me. I might be as big a bitch as Roger is a jerk. I could be total asshole to everyone. I could expect the red carpet treatment and be a diva."

"Are you?" I asked.

"No," she said. "But I could be. You didn't know."

With that, we talked. I found out that she had dropped out of college to pursue a modelling career. She found out that I really was a geek. And without warning, the hour was almost over. 

I looked at my watch and said, "It is time to get you back to Roger."

She nodded sadly and stood up. I stood up and then she was in my arms giving me the most awesome, incredible, indescribably delicious kiss in the world. When we broke, she whispered, "Thank you."

I just nodded because somewhere in that kiss I had lost the ability to speak.

I flipped the lights out and closed and locked the door. She met me at the bottom of the stairs and grabbed my hand again. We walked slowly to where we knew Roger would be waiting. Just before we got there we dropped our grip on each other. 

Roger was waiting, sitting on the hood of his car. He glanced at his watch and said dryly, "Thirty seconds to spare."

I just looked at him and said, "As you said, I am a man of my word too. I wouldn't want to break my side of the deal."

Melissa turned back and gave me a quick peck on the cheek and bounded over to Roger who made a big display of pawing her while kissing her.

"Good luck on your test tomorrow. I hope you ace it," I called over my shoulder. Of course that was not what I was really thinking.

I took the long way home, past the liqueur store and bought a bottle of JD. That was the only thing I could remember from the last party at Roger's that sort of tasted ok.

When I got back home, I decided I needed a shower. Before I stepped into the water, I looked at myself in the mirror. Six foot one inch and one hundred ten pounds of skinny geek stared back at me, and a massive hardon. Thinking back to the sight of Melissa's breasts and the smell of her hair and her perfume, I grabbed my cock and gave it a couple of angry strokes. I must have been right on the edge of cumming in my pants because that was all it took. I felt my balls tighten up and I began to spurt harder than I think I ever have. The cum shot out over the sink and halfway up the mirror. Each spurt hurt. They were coming with such force and there was pleasure with the pain. Finally it stopped and I sat down on the toilet lid to catch my breath. I was seeing spots.

Gradually I felt better and climbed into the tub and closed the shower curtain behind me. 

While soaping up, I felt my cock rising again as I thought about Melissa. This time I started to play 'what if' and had another massive orgasm. If wishes were fishes as the saying goes. I had my chance. All I needed to do was just go with it and I fucking blew it. What nerd ass, geek I was. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. And then the hot water gave out.

Once I was dried off, I put on a robe and went out to drown my sorrows. But as I was picking up the bottle, I realized that impulse had fled. So I put it in the cabinet, turned out the lights and crawled into bed.

I came awake in the middle of the night. I thought I had heard something, but I was disoriented. Then it happened again. Someone was knocking on my door.

I grabbed my robe and unlocked and opened the door and Melissa fell into my room. 

"I'm sorry. I didn't know where else to go," she said through her tears. I picked her up and closed the door. She grabbed me in a bear hug and all I could do was put my arms around her and hold her. 

She cried for quite a while and then found her voice. "I'm sorry," was all she said, over and over.

I half walked her and half carried her over to the bed and got her to sit down. 

"What happened?" I asked.

As I lifted her head towards me, her hair fell back and I could see the bruise beginning to purple up on the side of her face. 

"Who did this to you?" I asked angrily. I didn't really need the answer, I knew who.

"Roger," she said softly. "He was so angry, he didn't believe that all we did was talk." 

She threw her arms around me and cried into my robe again. I just kept rubbing her back and stroking her hair until she stopped. 

"We got in his car when you left and he started in on me. I told him that we had just talked. I said that you just wanted to hurt him by making you think that something had happened but nothing did. But he didn't believe me. He drove to his house so fast I was scared that we, we going to crash and die.

"When we go to his house, he stomped up and told everybody to get out. Then when we were alone, he practically ripped my clothes off and threw me on the bed. He got down between my thighs and I thought he was going to eat me, but he just jammed a couple fingers up inside me. Then he began yelling at me asking if you had used a condom because he couldn't smell your cum on my cunt. When I told him that we hadn't made love he hit me and he picked up my clothes and me and threw me out of his house. 

"I didn't know what to do, so I put on my shirt and pants and come here."

I looked down and saw she was barefoot. I got up, told her I would be right back and went to the bathroom for a wet washcloth and a towel. When I got back I sat of the floor and gently washed her feet and dried them. After I was done, I went back into the bathroom and got another washcloth and ran some cold water on it and got a tube of antibiotic and some bandages.

Sitting back down in front of her, I put the antibiotic on her feet and put the bandages over the small cuts. Standing up, I put the washcloth gently on the bruise. 

My robe must have come apart because as I was holding the washcloth on the side of her face, I felt her hand slide up my leg and gingerly wrap around my once again hard cock.

Softly she asked, "Did I do this?" 

I could only nod my head. 

She lifted her head up to me and when her eyes met mine she said, "Make love to me."

Time stood still. All I could feel was my heart trying to break out of my chest and the sound of my blood pumping through my ears. Finally, I whispered, "I can't."

The hurt look on her face stopped my heart and my head exploded and from far, far away I heard my voice say, "I want to, I just don't know how."

Her face lit up when the meaning of those words sunk in. She stood up and held me for a moment, then lifted my face again. "I can teach you," she said. 

Out of words, I nodded. She kissed me. 

When I could see again, she had sat down on the bed again and opened my robe. I could feel her warm breath on my cock and then the gentle touch of her tongue. It circled the head of my cock and my knees grew weak. If I hadn't whacked off earlier I would have erupted on her face without warning.

I felt her lips kiss the head and then parted to take it in. Her tongue still swirled around and around like I was one of those round suckers and she was trying to get to the center.

I was getting very aroused as she manipulated me with her mouth and then she pulled back. I groaned and she looked up at me with those gorgeous brown eyes and said, "It's your turn to do me."

My confusion was obviously plain on my face. She smiled and said, "Come up on the bed and kiss me and I'll teach you how to please a woman."

She stood up and whipped her t-shirt off and then slid her pants to the floor. My heart stopped, she was so achingly beautiful. 

She lay back sideways on the bed and patted a spot next to her. I climbed up and alongside and she said, "Always start by telling your woman how beautiful she is."

"Oh my god," I said as I got lost in those eyes, "You are so beautiful, I feel like I must be dreaming. I have never seen anybody who looks as beautiful as you. I don't know what I could have possibly done to deserve this."

She smiled and pulled my head down until our lips touched. I stopped breathing. It was so intense. 

We finally broke and she turned her head and pointed to a spot on her neck just below her ear said, "Kiss me right here. Gently and then use just the tip of your tongue and taste me."

I did and she tasted so good. There was a little salty flavor and a slightly bitter flavor that tasted like her perfume.

I could hear her voice through the haze saying, "Keep kissing and licking and tasting me until you are just above the center of my breasts. 

"Yes. Just like that. 

"Ohhh. Stop there for a minute. Ohhh. Yesss. 

"Keep going. Every girl is a little different, but most of us have those little spots like that last one. They give us goosebumps and it is like a little electric charge that goes straight to our pussies. See if you can find any more."

I continued to explore her neck and then her shoulder with my lips and my tongue. I have no idea how long it took to get my face between her breasts, but I didn't care. I made her shiver and moan a dozen times before I got there so I was feeling pretty proud of my accomplishment.

"Stop right there and savor the taste," she said as I took a long lick and tasted the sweet salty valley.

"Now slide to one side or the other and find the nipple with your tongue.

"There you go. Just run your tongue around it. That's it, taste it. Now kiss it.

"Yesss. Gently suck it into your mouth. Don't bite it. That's for later. For now just suck gently on it and swirl your tongue around in it. 

"Just like that. I think nipples and cunts are connected because when you do that my pussy begins to twitch inside. 

"Now switch over and love on my other nipple. It is feeling neglected."

I switched to the other nipple and she continued to give me a running commentary praising me when I did it right and correcting me when I did it wrong. Finally she had me continue down her body until I was just above her lady parts.

"Stop licking and get on the floor with your head between my legs," she said in a slightly huskier voice than when we had started.

"There just like that. Now I want you to just look at my pussy. 

"See how it looks. There are outer lips and inner lips and a little bump at the top. At the bottom is my vagina, gently use your thumbs to spread my lips so you can see it."

"I see it", I said as I did as she commanded.

"That is where that magnificent cock of yours will get to go, if you do a good job of pleasing me.

"Now take your tongue and lick me from the bottom all the way to the top."

I moved my head forward. As I did, I felt a powerful set of emotions surge through me as I inhaled her essence. My cock, which had gone somewhat soft, now surged and throbbed and thought went out the window as all I wanted to do was taste that holy land in front of me. 

The first taste was overpowering. It reminded me a hundred things all very pleasant, but mostly it reminded me of the fresh cedar wood shavings you get from number two pencils when you sharpen them. I was hooked. I was a junky and I needed my fix.

"Slow down, take your time," came her words from miles away. "I'll be here all night. Slow and steady wins my race."

I nodded and slowed myself. I began to explore the textures and the tastes of her delicate skin. She would make a noise or tell me that I had found the right spot, I filed that information away and continued. Eventually I heard her say, "Stop right there. Keep doing that. Just like that that. Oh yes, that's the spot." 

As her voice went shriller and higher, her hips began to lift and buck and finally she screamed out "I'm coming, oh dear god I'm coming, keep doing that right there just like that." This was followed by a moaning growl and her hands clasping the back of my head pressing me into her and her hips thrust up and down on my tongue.

Melissa stiffened, and her legs joined her hands in squeezing my head and then she collapsed back down onto the bed. Her hands gently grabbed my ears and pulled me up. "Come up here and kiss me," she panted.

I climbed up until I was directly over her. He lifted her head and began to lick my face like a cat attempting to groom her human. And then she kissed me and my whole body hummed.

When she released me and dropped her head to the bed again, she looked into my eyes and whispered, "Now it is time for your reward."

Her hand slid down my body and she brought it up under me to grab my cock. I was a little slow to realize what she was doing until I felt my cock sliding down her wet nether lips and beginning to part the final veil. I squeaked and pulled back. 
