 I go in my room to change my clothes as soon as I get home. Amanda will be here soon and we're going to go out to dinner. Maybe...probably...I mean we are unless something better comes up.

I'm completely shocked to see someone in my room. I almost yell at him, wondering who he is and why is he in my room, but then remember my mom saying she let the painters in before she left so they could take measurements of all the rooms. I see he has on black pants with paint spatters on them and he's holding a tape measure in one hand, so he must be one of them. 

He's just standing in the middle of my room though. Since he has his back to me, I start to ask him if he needs any help, but he turns around facing me.

He's completely shocked to see me as I was when I first saw him. I start to say something but see he has his other hand holding something up to his face...to his nose. I recognize what he has...it's a pair of my underwear.

"What the fuck are you doing you fucking pervert?" I yell at him.

"What?" he asks confused.

"Why are you sniffing my underwear?" I ask him with an edge in my voice that even surprises me at its intensity.

Now he looks really confused. He jerks my underwear away from his face and looks at them. "This? No...it's not what you think. I swear."

I grab my underwear from him and hold them in his face. "These are my underwear you fucking pervert!"

"I'm sorry...my nose started bleeding...I didn't want to get blood on the carpet so I grabbed the first thing I saw..." he says.

I look at him closely, he does have some blood in one of his nostrils. I look at my underwear, there's blood on them, not much, but a drop or two.

"I swear...I wasn't...sniffing your underwear. Please don't tell my boss. I just got hired...he'll fire me," he says.

"Fine...I won't. Just get out of here."

"Thanks. I'm sorry. Really sorry..." he says and walks quickly out of my room.

Jesus! What a fucking freak.

I sit on my bed. I dig my phone out of my purse so I can call my mom and tell her what happened. I find her in my contacts, and start to click the button, but then I remember that I told him I wouldn't tell anyone. Well, I said I wouldn't tell his boss...didn't say anything about not telling my mom. If I tell her though, she's going to call his boss I'm sure.

Amanda comes walking into my room. "Who was that guy? He almost knocked me down he came running out the door so fast."

I turn my phone off and set it on my bed.

"He was some painter that was here to measure the rooms...or something like that. But I think I scared him," I say and tell her the story.

"If I caught some freak sniffing my panties I think I would have punched him in his dick," she says laughing. 

"Honestly, I thought about it," I tell her.

"He was kind of cute though, I mean at least what I saw of him."

I think back to what he looked like. All I can remember is that he had such curly hair. It was about to his shoulders, not quite, but almost. Brown curly hair. 

I shrug my shoulders. "Yeah maybe."

I hear someone walking up the hall and assume my mom is back since she just went to get a coffee at the place down the street, but some guy stops by my door.

"Excuse me but did you see a guy? He was supposed to be starting to measure this room, but I see he isn't in here," he says to us. 

"Yeah he was in here...but I think he stepped outside for a minute..." Amanda says. 

"Do you mind if I start measuring in here?" he asks.

"No...um...go ahead," Amanda tells him. 

"I hope he gets back soon, I need some help holding the tape measure," he says.

"Well how about I help you for now, and Mara can see if she can find your...um...guy..." Amanda suggests. 

The guy looks at Amanda, smiles and nods his head.

I stare at Amanda for a few seconds mentally asking her 'why the fuck do I have to go find him? This is going to be awkward.'

She raises her eyebrows at me saying 'just do it. It will be fine, and I want to be alone with this guy.'

I sigh, shake my head at her and walk out of my room. 

Amanda said he went outside so I go out on the front porch. 

Right away I see an unfamiliar truck parked in front of the neighbor's house, and I see him standing next to it smoking. 

I take a deep breath, let it out, then start walking towards him.

He sees me when I'm about fifteen feet away from him. He drops his cigarette on the ground, steps on it to put it out and looks at me with a sheepish embarrassed stare

"Um...your boss wants to talk to you," I tell him. 

He looks scared. "My boss? What? He's here?" 

"Well...um...that guy that's here. He said he needs you to help him...um hold the tape measure...I think."

"Oh him. He's not my boss," he says relieved. 

"My friend is helping him right now while I get you."

"Alright. I guess I better go help him...I mean if it's okay with you. Can I go back inside?" he asks. 

I sigh. "Yeah. I'm sorry about earlier. I just kinda freaked out when I saw a stranger in my bedroom with my underwear..."

"I'm sorry too. Sorry I picked up your...um...underwear. Jesus...I realize how bad it sounds just saying that I can't imagine what it looked like," he says. 

I shrug my shoulders. "It's fine. Just go help your...um...guy that you're working with."

"Thanks," he says while we're walking to my house.

"Really it's fine. I didn't tell your boss, or the other guy, so let's just forget about it."

When we get to my room Amanda and the guy are laughing about something. I'm worried that she told him about what happened. 

"You found him," Amanda says. 

"He was outside," I say. 

"Jesus Eddie, what the fuck were you doing out there for so long, taking a piss?" the guy asks him. 

Eddie. I guess the panty-sniffer's name is Eddie. 

"I needed a smoke," he replies.

"Well, luckily Amanda was nice enough to help me, but maybe now you can take over since you're getting paid and she isn't," the other guy says.

I sit on my bed and hope they get finished soon. I'm hungry and we can't leave until they're finished. I mean I guess we could leave if my mom comes home, but I still need to change. 

Amanda sits on my bed next to me. She looks at me, nods her head towards the two painters, then smiles. 

I look at them. The one guy, I thought he was a lot older than us, but now I don't think he is. He's older, but not much. He's attractive I guess. I mean he is attractive, but there's nothing special about him. 

Eddie though...the more I look at him, the more attractive I find him.

He does have brown curly hair, but it's messy curly. Like he hasn't brushed it in a long time. I have this weird desire to touch his curls. Twist them around my fingers, or bury my face in them.

"So...what do you ladies have planned for tonight?" the one guy asks us.

"We're going out to eat," Amanda tells him. 

"Yeah? Meeting your boyfriends?" he asks.

"I don't have a boyfriend," Amanda says. 

The one guy turns and looks at Amanda. "Oh? I find that hard to believe," he says.

I hear the front door open and then close. This time it must be my mom.

She comes right into my room. 

"We're almost finished ma'am, this is the last room we need to do," the guy Amanda seems interested in says to my mom.

"That's fine. No hurry, although I'm sure you guys are ready to go home. Are you off after you're finished here?" my mom asks. 

"Yeah. This is our last job for the day."

"Well I'll stay out of your hair so you can get finished," she says to him.

"Maybe you girls should let them work, why don't you come in the kitchen and I'll fix you a snack," she tells us.

"They're not bothering us, or in our way," the one guy says.

"Do you guys want a drink?" my mom asks the painter guys.

They look at each other, then at my mom. "Um...sure...if it's no trouble," Amanda's guy says.

"No trouble at all. I know we have soda, probably some sort of juice, milk, and of course water. There might be iced tea," she says.

"Whatever is fine. Maybe not milk, but anything else is fine," the guy who seems to be in charge says.

"And what would you like?" my mom asks the one guy, Eddie.

"Um...whatever...juice I guess...if you have it..." he says.

"Alright, come on girls let's get them drinks," my mom says to us.

We follow my mom to the kitchen.

"Oh my god...the one guy...um Spencer is his name...he's so cute...and nice..." Amanda whispers while we're walking to the kitchen.

"What? Nice how?" I ask her feeling pleased with myself for being right about her interest. 

"He's just nice. And so hot...don't you think? He was flirting with me...I mean I think he was..." she says.

I shrug my shoulders. "I guess maybe..."

"Oh wait...do you think the other guy is cute? Um...Eddie? They're friends."

"Alright one juice," my mom says and looks in the refrigerator, "What do you think he would want, orange or apple?"

"Apple, orange is for breakfast," I say.

I get a glass out of the cabinet and fill it with apple juice.

"What about for the other guy?" my mom asks us.

"Let me look," Amanda says and looks in the fridge.

"Oh maybe a beer," she says.

"No, they're working. How about water?" my mom suggests.

"We can't give Spencer water if Eddie is getting juice, it's not fair," Amanda says.

"Spencer? Eddie? Do you know them?" my mom asks.

"Not yet, but hopefully soon. I know their names."

"Don't bother them while they're working. Stay out of their way," my mom says.

"We're not bothering them, I was just chatting with Spencer while Mara went outside to find Eddie."

"What? Why was he outside?" my mom asks.

I look at Amanda, I can't tell my mom why he was outside, she'll tell his boss.

"He went to smoke," I say.

"Well take them their drinks. They're probably more than ready to be finished here and done for the week," my mom says.

Amanda looks in the refrigerator again and this time grabs a can of soda for Spencer.

"Come on, I want to see if they have any plans for tonight," Amanda says walking down the hall towards my bedroom.

I give Eddie the glass of apple juice when we get to my room. He shyly smiles and mumbles thanks.

Amanda hands Spencer the soda. He opens it and drinks about half of it.

"So I need to talk to...your mom?" Spencer says looking at me.

"Yeah, I can go get her," I tell him.

"I just need to tell her that our boss will probably call her Monday and need her to sign this," he says holding up a clipboard with papers on it.

"I'll go get her. Be right back," I tell them and head back to the kitchen.

She's still in the kitchen, looking in the refrigerator.

"Oh Mara, are you going to be here for dinner? You girls are going out aren't you?" she asks me.

"Yeah, we're going out to eat I think. Probably go as soon as these guys leave and I can get changed."

"Are they almost finished?" she asks.

"Yeah, they're finished, they just need to talk to you for a minute, and for you to sign something."

"Alright, tell them I'll be there in just a minute," she says.

I hustle back down the hall to my room, but stop right outside the door when I hear Amanda and Spencer are talking. 

"She'll come?" Spencer asks.

"Yeah, she'll come. What about dinner though?" Amanda asks.

Are they talking about me? Come where?

I walk into my room.

"My mom will be here in a minute," I tell Spencer.

"Alright. We need to go, so we can drop off the paperwork, drop off the truck and then see if we can finalize some plans for tonight," he says.

He looks at Amanda who shakes her head at him. 

Eddie drinks the rest of his juice. 

"Do you want any more?" I ask him.

He shakes his head, smiles shyly again. "No...thanks."

I hold my hand out to him. "I can take the glass to the kitchen then."

He hands the glass to me. "Thanks."

Spencer gulps the last of his soda, then smashes the can and loudly burps at the same time.

Lovely I think to myself and hope they didn't see me roll my eyes.

"Okay what do I need to sign?" my mom asks coming into my room.

"Just this," Spencer says holding the clipboard to her suddenly trying to look all business like. "Just says we were here, we did all the measurements, which are on the next page if you want to check. Then we can leave and you ladies can all start your weekend."

My mom takes the clipboard, skims over the paper quickly before signing it and handing it back.

"Oh and my dad will call you on Monday, probably in the afternoon after he's gone over everything," Spencer tells her.

Spencer's dad must be the boss, I conclude putting the last piece of the puzzle together. 

"Alright. Thank you, boys," my mom says before she leaves my room.

I follow her out so I can take Eddie's glass into the kitchen. 

"I guess you girls are leaving soon since they're finished?" my mom asks me.

"I think they're going now, well they should be since they're finished. But yeah I'm going to change and then we're going to eat, not sure what we're doing after that, we kinda talked about the mall."

I can hear Amanda talking to someone, I assume Spencer and Eddie. They must be leaving because it sounds like they're in the living room.

I wait in the kitchen thinking she's walking them out, then she'll come in here, but I hear the front door and screen door open, but not close.

I start to go see what's going on, but my mom starts talking to me.

"I think I'll call Helena, see what she's doing tonight. If you girls are going out and having fun, I think I will too."

"Yeah you should..." I reply absentmindedly.

I want to know what's going on with Amanda.

"I'll be back," I tell my mom and walk into the living room. To my surprise,

Eddie is in there about five feet from the front door.

"Oh...um...I thought they were coming back...so I was still in your room...but I guess they aren't," he says.

We both walk towards the door. Amanda and Spencer are standing in the driveway.

"I guess they're out here...for some reason..." I comment when we get outside.

"Yeah...um I guess I'll see you later..." Eddie says walking over to them.

"Yeah sure," I say but am wondering...later?

Amanda hands a phone to Spencer. "Call me."

Spencer and Eddie walk towards the truck.

"Are you changing?" Amanda asks me while we walk back into the house.

"Yeah. I guess you're ready?" I ask.

"Well...maybe?" she says and goes inside.

"Maybe? What?" I ask her when I finally catch up to her in my room.

"Well...how would you feel if we did something else? Something that will probably be a lot more fun than just us going out to eat," she says.

"Okay...like what?"

"A double date with two really cute guys...I mean I think both are pretty cute, and I think you think at least one is cute," she says.

"Do you get the cute one? I get the other one?" I ask teasing her.

She laughs. "No, you get the one you think is cute...I mean you did think Eddie was cute didn't you?"

"What? Eddie? The guy that possibly was sniffing my underwear?" I ask.

"I thought you said his nose was really bleeding?" she asks.

I shrug my shoulders. "Yeah, but just a little. Look," I say and go to pick up my underwear to show her...but they aren't in my hamper.

I pick up a couple things on top to see if somehow maybe they slipped under something, but I don't see them.

"That's weird...I can't find them," I tell her.

"Are you sure you put them in your hamper?" she asks.

"Yeah. I know I did. After I shoved them in his face and asked him why he was sniffing my undies and he said there was blood in them, I put them in my hamper. I know I did. Fucking freak must have somehow taken them." 

"We were all in here, how could he have taken them?" she asks me.

"When I took his glass to the kitchen, then I heard you and Spencer outside when I came into the living room he was just coming in there too. He was in my room, alone, for at least a minute."

"I mean yeah I guess he might have...but you know...that means he must like you...right?" she asks.

"Amanda...that's disgusting. He was fucking sniffing my underwear. Would you go out with him if he was sniffing your underwear?"

"If he was cute...yeah probably," she replies.

"You are so nasty I swear!" I tell her.

"Come on. Just come...we'll have more fun with them than we would just going out alone."

I look at her, shake my head. "And what are we supposed to be doing? Just dinner?" I ask.

"Nope, something way more fun. The drive in. Then probably dinner. Or maybe dinner first. But they want to go to the drive in."

"The drive in?" I ask.

I mean...who goes to the drive in?

"Yeah. They're having some special thing for Halloween. All night horror movies," she says.

"All night?" I ask.

"Well yeah. There's like five movies...I think. I guess we don't have to stay all night...I'm sure they would take us home if we want to leave...but what do you think? Wanna go?" she asks.

"I guess you get to sit with Spencer? I get Eddie the underwear sniffer?"

She starts laughing. "We could sit in the backseat together I guess..."

I sit on my bed thinking. Do I want to do this? Go out, to the drive in, with two guys we really don't know?

"Come on...it will be fun. If they turn out to be creeps we'll have them bring us home, and if they won't we can just get an uber," she says.

Seems like she really wants to do this.

I shrug my shoulders. "Sure. But I'm getting my underwear back tonight."

I look in my closet trying to figure out what to wear. I haven't even been to the drive in since I was little, and then I wore my pajamas.

I didn't even know there still was any drive ins around.

"Where is the drive in? I didn't know there was still one around," I tell Amanda.

"Um...in Granite I think. Spencer told me...it's where they live. No, it's in Belleville, not Granite. You know I always get those two confused."

"Yeah, but I don't know why...or how...they don't even sound the same or anything. But Belleville? Ewww," I say and make a face.

We live in a small town, well smallish. And are surrounded by other small towns. I guess it's a thing to compete, to have a friendly rivalry with the other small towns. Maybe it's carried over from our high school days when the sports teams would compete. Who knows really. But Belleville always seems like a lower class town to me. 

And I know that seems horrible...is horrible...but I feel like our town is nicer...classier. We're starting to be quite the hipster town, at least that's what I tell everyone including myself. But really we are.

We recently had a brewery/pub open, we finally have a coffee shop, our old theater is getting restored, and we have not one but two record shops on our Main St.

What does Belleville have? Okay yeah, they have a skate shop and a skate park...but still...yeah our town is better.

At least we aren't going to Granite, that town is the worst. And I know I'm not judging it fairly, I've never lived there, but it's full of factories, refineries, and well...it just seems so bleak I guess.

But hey...it isn't Brooklyn. No, not Brooklyn New York, I'm talking Brooklyn Illinois. The whole town is like one or two intersections, and it is home to a slaughterhouse and numerous strip clubs. 

There are only a few hundred actual residents, but at night the population at least doubles with everyone at the strip clubs.

So we're going to Belleville...and it's just for a few hours...it's not like I'm marrying the guy and moving there.

But I'm rambling about nothing. I need to figure out what to wear, paint a happy smile on my face, and try to enjoy the evening.

"What are you wearing? Are you changing?" I ask Amanda.

"I changed before I came over...do I need to change?" she asks.

"No, you look fine. I mean we're just going to be sitting in a car all night...right? He does have a car, doesn't he? We're not all going to be squished in that truck with the ladders and stuff on it are we?"
