 Copyright (c) 2019 James Miehoff, All Rights Reserved. 

This work may not be published whether for fee or free without this copyright.

------------------

This is one of a series of stories set in what I call Universe-J. Universe-J is very much like this universe with a few exceptions. 

First the people tend to be a little more sexual and less hung up on sex that they are in our universe. This does not mean that monogamy is the exception. James and Heather were monogamous for a significant amount of time before they "accidentally" swapped partners.

Second the repercussions of unprotected sex are less severe than our universe. Not to say that STDs and unexpected pregnancies don't occur, just that they occur less frequently and in the case of STDs, a good shot of antibiotic will put you right again. HIV has yet to be introduced so STDs aren't a death sentence there.

Lastly, pedophilia and incest (which I will not be writing about) are virtually unknown. Children are to be protected and loved not abused. When they reach the age of consent, they can join in the adult games if they so desire, but there is no pressure on them to do so.

------------------

"Not karaoke", I groaned. As the restaurant staff set up the equipment, I quickly returned to the table and said my goodnight to my colleagues and our business partners. A few minutes later I was headed for the subway station.

Walking briskly, I enjoyed the view. 

"Someday," I promised myself, "I will get to see The Forbidden City from a better vantage than from the restaurants on the other side of the lake".

Wrapped up in my thoughts I was only vaguely aware of the two young ladies that crowded behind me as I ran for the subway car.

Thinking it was a good thing I hadn't had that last round or two of drinks, I sat wrapped in my thoughts until I was startled back to reality by one of the two young ladies from earlier standing in front of me. She spoke and I was only able to catch part. I quickly brought out my most well-worn Mandarin phrase. I apologized that my Mandarin was very poor and asked if she spoke English.

She seemed disappointed but made small "come here" hand gestures to her friend.

While her friend came over, I appraised the lovely girl in front of me. She was average height for a Chinese lady in her early 20's. Meaning she was short by American standards. Petite would be a good description. 

The crisp white shirt was just translucent enough to show the pretty lace bra covering her small A-cup titties. The black plaid skirt stopped at her knees and did an excellent job of showing off her curves.

Her friend appeared and while they chatted, I appraised her as well. She was dressed the same, indicating a uniform possibly. A little plumper, her breasts probably approached B-cup range and the bra was thinner, giving a hint of the areola hiding beneath. 

Snapping back to reality, the new girl spoke, "Hello, my name is Xian. My friend is Soonyi. She think you are so beautiful. I also think you are beautiful."

Somewhat embarrassed, I replied, "Thank you, Xian and Soonyi," bowing slightly to each of them, I continued, "I think both of you are very beautiful as well."

Both of them giggled and then made the small talk I've come to expect in China. I learned that they were students at an art college. Soonyi was 20 and Xian was just about to turn 20. They both came from small farming villages. And so on.

I glanced up and saw my stop was approaching. Turning to Xian I bowed and said that I was happy to have had the conversation with them, but my stop was coming up and I needed to get off.

Soonyi poked Xian discretely and Xian turned to me and bowing said, "Soonyi has asked me to say to you that she would like to make love to you.

"I would sincerely want to make love also."

Standing up, I am not sure if it was the alcohol or the blood pooling in my erection that did my thinking, but I bowed to both of them and said. "I too would like to make love to both of you. This is my stop and my hotel is only two blocks away."

They jumped up and down before grabbing my hand and pulling me out of the train. Getting my bearings, the three of us headed for the exit and soon were hurrying down the deserted street towards the hotel.

As we headed up in the elevator, I pulled them close and kissed them and copped a feel of their titties through their shirts and bras. Giggling they kissed me back and began rubbing the front of my pants.

We stumbled down to my room and practically fell in when the door opened. They looked around quickly and pulled me over to the couch. 

Pushing me down, they sat on either side of me and we began making out. I alternated kissing and copping feels from each until Soonyi stood up and standing in front of me, she began unbuttoning her shirt and unzipping her skirt. 

As I began to glimpse her bra, she spun around showing me her back and dropped her shirt.

While she was doing that, Xian reached down and quickly unbuckled my belt and unsnapped my pants. As Xian unzipped me, Soonyi reached back and undid her bra snaps exposing her perfect creamy skin. With a quick practiced motion, Soonyi slid her skirt down and I got a brief side view of her perfect tiny breast.

As awesome as that was, by then, Xian had reached into my underwear and pulled my very hard cock out into the light. I slid my thumbs into the side of my pants and lifting my hips in one quick motion, I shoved my pants and underwear to the floor. 

Dancing and teasing me with glimpses of her naked body Soonyi, laughed. 

While her friend drove me mad with her sexy dancing, Xian upped the ante by slipping my cock slowly into her mouth. As she rolled the hard flesh in her mouth I heard a low moaning. It was hard to believe that noise was coming from me.

I glanced down and saw Xian removing a condom from a purple wrapper. Smiling, I wonder if she had selected that one deliberately or just at random.

One of the interesting amenities of this hotel was a pamphlet entitled "Sexual Hygiene in China" discussing how to prevent STDs by the use of condoms and other things. They also provided several types of condoms. 

Of course the names and descriptions printed on them were in Chinese. Out of curiosity, I uploaded a picture of one of the purple ones to a translation site and discovered that they were called 'Mandelay'. Reading that they contained 'a special lotion to allow the man to slow his pleasure' with an 'outer oil to smooth the penetration for the woman'. So they were really 'Man Delay' condoms and had nothing to do with pirates.

As Xian rolled it on me, I could feel a cooling tingling feeling and I knew they were going to love me long time.

Once it was in place, Xian began to stroke my cock. I decided to stop playing passive and I reached out and began to unbutton her blouse. Soonyi helped by pulling Xian's shirt out and unzipping her skirt. Within seconds, Xian was as naked as Soonyi. I joined them by taking my shirt off and tossing it on the floor.

Now that we were all naked the possibilities went up exponentially. We started groping and stroking kissing and licking as much naked flesh as we could reach.

Suddenly Soonyi said something and Xian nodded. 

Soonyi stood in front of me and putting her hands on my shoulders she straddled my legs. As she scooted forward, Xian gently grabbed my cock and held it steady as Soonyi continued to creep up on it. I realized I was holding my breath. 

Finally she was there and Xian started to wipe my cock slowly up and down the length of Soonyi's dripping wet slit. I slowly sucked in air as Xian stopped and positioned the head of my cock just at the opening of Soonyi's box of flowers, as the ancient Chinese poets called it.

I stopped breathing as my consciousness became focused on that small piece of my epidermis.

Soonyi began to slowly descend and I experienced the tightest pussy I have ever felt. 

She started to moan as she tried to take all of me. I reached out and ran my hands over her tiny breasts and began to thumb her nipples. 

When manipulated her nubs, she moaned louder and sank onto my pole faster and harder until she finally bottomed out. She began to arch her back and lean back so I leaned forward and began to see if her nipples tasted as good as they looked. They really did.

As I began sucking on a nipple I felt Xian come up alongside me and begin to suck on Soonyi's other nipple.

Reaching around to hold Soonyi's ass and pulling her to me, I lifted my hips, driving my cock just a little deeper. By lifting and dropping Soonyi, I was able to start fucking my cock in and out, eliciting a deep moaning almost purring sound from Soonyi. It didn't take long for her to start rising and falling on my cock fucking back.

Soon we were fucking each other furiously. Finally Soonyi threw her head back and screamed. I could feel her cunt muscles rippling with her orgasm. As I held Soonyi her orgasm peaked and then passed. Xian got up and kissed Soonyi, a long passionate kiss. 

I took that opportunity to run a hand up Xian's thigh and began to explore the wet cleft between her legs. She spread her legs and thrust forward to give me better access.

Finally, they broke their lip lock and Soonyi almost sorrowfully slid off my cock. As she did so, I brought my hand up and licked the musky sweet taste of Xian from my fingers.

Xian positioned herself to take over Soonyi's place, but I had other ideas. Just as she started to slide me up inside her, I grabbed Xian and pulled her to me. First I impaled her and then I stood up. Her legs instinctively wrapped around me as I walked over to the bed.

Lying down on the bed I kept Xian on top and let her ride me as we scooted into the center of the bed. But that was only part of my plan.

When Soonyi came over to join us, I grabbed her and pulled her onto my face. I began licking the delicious valley I had so recently been invading.

I think she was startled at first, but once she realized what was happening, she reached down and spread her hairless lips with her fingers to allow me better access. I took advantage and slid a finger into her pussy and began to massage her little starfish with my thumb.

Meanwhile Xian began to ride my cock ferociously as if the pussy eating in front of her inspired her to new heights. 

Because it was so soon since the first bout, both Xian and Soonyi began shivering and I could feel the muscles in both of their pussies begin to contract. I took that opportunity to slide my thumb into Soonyi's little asshole. She squealed and started coming so hard she began to squirt.

At the same time, Xian went over the edge and began squealing as she came. Somewhere in there I realized the "special lotion" was in a losing battle. As Xian's pussy began squeezing my cock like a milking machine I let loose my control and began spewing gob after gob of hot sticky man juice into that latex prison for swimmers.

As we all came down from wherever lovers go, the girls rolled off of me, one on either side and rolled onto their backs. I got up carefully and headed to the bathroom. Stripping the cum loaded condom off. I tied it in a knot and tossed in the garbage can. Running some water and grabbing a washcloth I washed up and then returned to the girls. They were on the bed in a sixty nine position, faces buried in each other's pussies. 

Not wanting to disturb them, I stroked my cock for a minute, then went and grabbed another purple wrapped condom. Wrapping my rascal, I came back and applied my tongue to Soonyi's butt. She squealed a little, then pushed it back towards me. After running my tongue around and around the rim, I stiffened it and proceeded open her bunghole with my tongue. 

Getting her very wet, I pulled my head back and inserted an index finger and swirled it around. 

Xian was totally enraptured at the show that was going on in front of her. With my finger still inside her, I reached over and picked up the bottle of hand lotion from the nightstand. Squirting a big glob onto her butt I began to move it inside to lube her up for what was to come. She had the tightest pussy ever and I was bound and determined to see if her ass was the same.

By now I had two fingers working in and out of her backdoor and inserted and third. Soonyi was rocking back and forth the bedspread clenched in her fingers as she moaned and rocked and rocked and moaned. 

Being ignored, Xian reached back and started stroking my cock and sliding towards it. Soon I could feel her mouth wrapped around my meat and she was taking it down until it slapped the back of her throat.

I was now up to four fingers into Soonyi and it was time. I carefully pulled out of Xian's mouth and got up on the bed behind Soonyi. Taking my time, I brought my cock up until it was bumping into my fingers. Then timing it like the cliff divers in Acapulco, Soonyi pushed back up and I pulled my fingers out and slid the tip of my cock inside. She tried to fight, but I grabbed her hips and each time she bucked I slid a little deeper. 

Finally I was half way in and I was totally in heaven. Her ass was as tight as I had imagined, but it was her muscles that made the journey. Her backdoor was like a fine gymnast. It pulled and squeezed and opened and did things I never knew a butthole could do. When she relaxed I pushed forward and slid deeper until finally I was balls deep and she was quivering and screaming in Mandarin. Xian came up and just stared at the sight of her friend with a big American dick stuffed all the way up her ass. 

Xian started translating for me as if in a trance, "She says that she has never has penis there. She says it hurt at first but you so gentle that she is having happiness and not stopping. She want you to move penis in and out. To make love to her um, um..."

"Butthole," I supplied.

"Yes. Yes. Butthole," Xian said. "She want you make love to her butthole."

I started to slowly pull out until just the tip was in and then not so slowly pushed my way back in. It wasn't long before Soonyi was pushing back and we got started really to christen her virgin ass.

While this was going on, Xian sat fascinated watching me fuck her friend's ass. Finally she came over and held me without taking her eyes off the sight and asked, "Please you make love to my butthole too?"

When I pulled back, this time I pulled all the way out. As if that was a cue, Soonyi collapsed slowly on the bed and lay panting.

Turning, I took Xian in my arms and kissed her. I did it partly because I wanted to and partly to let my cock calm down from Soonyi's exquisite nether hole. 

Finally, I broke the kiss and bent her over the edge of the bed. I wanted her legs on the floor and her belly on the bed. Her legs were the perfect height or the bed was the perfect height or it was a match made in heaven. 

As I bent her down I began to lick her butt cheeks and slowly worked my way in. When my tongue hit her starfish she jumped a little and then let out the breath she had been holding. I repeated the acts I perpetrated on Soonyi and Xian responded perfectly. Before long I was balls deep into her and picking up speed. Hers was not as tight as Soonyi's, but she had better muscle control. I felt like I was fucking a brand new silicon sex doll (don't knock it till you've tried it). 

We went at it hot and heavy for what seemed like forever and then she exploded and the heat and tightness pushed me right over the edge. I came so hard I saw black. 

As I bent down to kiss Xian's back I started to black out and I quickly climbed up on the bed. 

When I came to, I had one girl on each side of me cuddled up and when Xian saw I was awake, she kissed my cheek and said, "Sleep now. We fuck again later."

That sounded like a good idea, so I closed my eyes once again.

When I woke up I was very disoriented but it quickly became obvious I was in the bathtub which was full of ice and there was a note taped to my chest. You probably know what the note said, but I'll say it again anyway. 

"Please not to move from tub. Call xxx-xxx-xxxx and ask for ambulance. Thank you for last night."

As I lean back in the tub, the ice cubes digging into my back and the note in my hand. I reached for my cell phone to call for the ambulance, I wondered, for the first but certainly not for the last time, if a kidney was worth that One Night in Beijing.