 As I unpacked my suitcase I couldn't stop thinking about the girl at the counter who had checked me into the hotel. She was a slender brunette of medium height with piercing green eyes and absolutely perfect tits. Oh well, I thought to myself, I don't have time for women these days anyway.

That night I couldn't sleep. My mind kept wandering to the girl at the counter, so I decided to go for a late night swim to try and cool off. It was approaching two in the morning when I left my room, but the summer air was still warm.

As I drew near to the pool I thought I heard a soft moaning sound. I stealthily looked around the corner of the building and spotted the hot tub. In it was the girl who had checked me into the hotel, a one-piece women's swim suit was lying on the ground nearby. The girl's legs were hanging over the side of the hot tub and she was using her hands to prop herself up. It took me a second to realize exactly what she was doing. She was working her pussy up against the side of the hot tub and pleasuring herself with the water jet. I couldn't believe it! I watched with amazement as this gorgeous brunette masturbated right in front of me. She tilted her head back with her eyes closed and licked her lips as she ground her sweet little pussy into the pulsating water jet. I thought my cock would explode right there! As she worked her pussy harder her eyelids began to flicker and I was worried she might have seen me, but nothing would pull me away from this beautiful sight. Suddenly the muscles in her stomach began to spasm and she let out a deep groan. I watched as her body convulsed and a powerful orgasm flooded over her. When she was done she slumped down into the hot tub and let out a relieved sigh.

I couldn't take it anymore. I made my way back to my room as fast as possible, a huge bulge visible in my swim suit.

As soon as I got back I flipped the do not disturb sign and quickly went to work on my needy cock. I was a few minutes in and getting close when I thought I heard the door open and shut, but I was far too busy to be bothered by what I thought was my imagination.

Soon I felt the pressure build up in the tip of my cock and I knew I was about to come. I released my grip, trying to relax, trying to make it last as long as possible. As I lay on the bed panting I opened my eyes and noticed the girl from the counter standing at the foot of my bed. She was completely naked, her body still glistening wet in the dim moonlight. She had a spare key to my room in one hand and a pair of handcuffs in the other.

"Thinking about me are you?" She asked with a smirk. I couldn't think of what to say, I just lay there panting. 

"You know it's not very nice to watch a girl masturbate without her permission, in fact its downright rude. I'll have to teach you a lesson." As she said this she locked my left wrist into a cuff. 

"Wait a second!" I protested, but I was in no position to argue. She wound the chain around the headboard of the bed and then locked my right wrist in. She calmly walked over to the light switch and flicked it on, and then walked back over to the foot of the bed. 

"Tell me what you like about my body." I looked at her standing there completely naked, glistening wet. I had no idea where to begin, but I had no choice but to play along. 

"Your tits" I said.

"What about them?" She asked.

"They're perfect softball sized tits with erect pink nipples. Perfect."

"What else?" She asked, turning around.

"You have a cute little heart-shaped ass." I replied.

"Do you want to fuck it?"

"Yes."

"Then say it."

"I want to fuck your cute little ass."

"What else?" She asked getting up onto the bed and straddling my face with her legs. I was staring right up at her tight, little cunt.

"Your pussy, it's completely shaved and it's tiny. It's the lightest shade of pink and it's dripping wet. Your juices are flowing down your inner thighs, its beautiful, I really want to stick my cock in it."

"What else?" She asked, repositioning herself so I could look her right in the eye.

"You have a beautiful face, piercing green eyes, and full red lips."

"Do you want your cock in my mouth?"

"Yes, please put my cock in your mouth and suck me dry."

She smiled and positioned her pretty face above my rock-hard cock. She hovered there, breathing heavily. I could feel her hot breath engulfing the tip of my cock and running down the shaft. 

"Please, please, please do something I need to come!" I cried. 

"I don't care what you need, this is fun." She replied. Then she blew cool air on my cock as she slowly moved her head down to my balls. She gently took both of my balls into her hot, wet mouth and teased them with her tongue. I moaned, softly. 

Then she began to lick the base of my cock moving her tongue up and down slowly until she reached the head. She gently licked all the precum off the head of my cock, removing her tongue when she was done. She hovered over my cock once again, breathing hot heavy air down along my shaft. Just when I thought I couldn't take it anymore she thrust her head down, engulfing my whole cock in her mouth at once. I could feel her hot, wet mouth surrounding my cock as she bobbed her head up and down, all the time teasing the head of my cock with her tongue. Just as I thought I was about to shoot my load in her mouth she stopped. 

"It's my turn." She said and moved so that she was straddling my face with her legs. The sweet, musky smell of her pussy was overpowering now and her slick juices completely covered her inner thighs and ran all the way down her legs. A few drops of pussy juice fell on my face as she positioned herself so that I could reach her with my tongue. I slowly worked my tongue between her swollen lips trying to find her clit. I hit a hard button of flesh and she moaned, I knew I had found it. I worked her clit with my tongue harder and harder and as I did she ground her pussy into my face. Soon I wasn't even eating her out anymore, she was just grinding her pussy into my mouth, fucking my face. Just when it looked like she was about to climax she stopped. She slowly edged her way down, straddling my cock with her legs. 

This is what I had been waiting for. She slowly lowered herself down, I could feel her hot, swollen pussy lips brushing lightly against the tip of my cock. Then she stopped and began working her hips in a circular motion massaging the head of my cock. Streams of pleasure shot through my body. Her pussy juices flowed freely down my shaft until it was soaking wet. I couldn't take it. I wanted more than just the tips of her pussy lips, I wanted to jam my hard cock deep inside of her body, I wanted to ream her little hole until I had shot every drop of cum I had deep into her perfect little body. I moaned and tugged at the hand cuffs trying to get free. Then I thrust my hips upward, seeking her hot, little, wet hole with my cock. I found it and my cock sank deep into her. Her eyes shot open and she let out a gasp of pleasure. I could feel her hot, wet pussy grasping my throbbing cock. 

It was the most pleasure I had ever felt in my life, I felt whole. Then she lifted her legs slightly, my cock leaving the comforting confines of her pussy. She hovered there just out of range, gently massaging the head of my cock with the very tips of her ripe pussy lips as I desperately thrust my hungry cock into the air. She was obviously enjoying the power she held over me as I mindlessly thrust myself into the air, trying to penetrate her once more. As I thrust upward she reached down and grabbed some pillows and put them underneath my lower back, so that I couldn't move my hips up and down anymore. "I want your cock in me, but I'll be the one fucking you." She said looking me right in the eye with her piercing green gaze.

She slowly lowered her pussy down, around my cock. I could feel the tight, wet walls of her pussy pulsating around me. Once I was completely inside of her she contracted the walls of her pussy, she had my cock in a death grip. With that she slowly began to ride me up and down. With every movement she made sensations of pleasure permeated my entire being. The whole time she looked me right in the eye and as my cock was lost in her tight, wet, hot, hole, my eyes were lost in a sea of piercing green.

As she pumped harder I could hear her moaning softly. I was close too, I could feel the cum building up in the head of my cock. I couldn't take it anymore, every muscle in my body contracted as I shot wave after wave of steamy cum deep into her hot, little pussy.

After I had shot every drop of cum I had into her, she lifted herself off my cock and positioned her beautiful pussy over my face once more. I saw the muscles in her stomach contract and the lips of her pussy open and close. As she did this she dumped load after load of my own hot, creamy cum right on my face. Then she bent down and slowly licked every drop of it up. 

"You know, you're a very talented girl." I mumbled breathlessly as she finished.