 Author's Note:

Greetings fellow lover of erotic fiction. This is my entry in the "One Night In..." event.

This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to anyone living or dead is purely coincidental. The places in this story are fictitious. Th Royal York and Eaton Chelsea are real hotels and the geography is pretty much real. The Traffic is all too real. 

This is a work of fantasy. Time is compressed. 

You'll find depictions of various sex acts between consenting adults, both of whom are over eighteen. Most of the sex is pretty vanilla but remember: vanilla is a pretty great flavour. Be aware that the woman involved in this story is of mixed Korean and Irish-Canadian ancestry. Also be aware that in the story a Toronto professional sports team loses a game. To Boston. ☹ If any of that bothers you, move on.

Please vote and leave a constructive comment or two.Enjoy! 

Toronto traffic is semi-legendary. Getting downtown from the airport used to be like marching on Moscow in January. The express train from the airport to the downtown train station made it merely expensive. 

The train ejected me into Union Station. Fortunately, most people were trying to get out of the city, so my way was clear. Across Front Street stood the Royal York Hotel A long-time symbol of Old Money and luxury. Once it was the tallest building in the British Empire. 

My conference was a little farther uptown, near the Eaton Center. I slipped in to the Old Girl for a quick drink, just to remind myself that I was home.

****

I took a taxi to the Eaton Chelsea. A decent hotel, nice bar, right off Yonge Street. I paid the cab and entered the lobby. I stumble and dropped my bag. I bent down to pick it up and I saw her. It only took a couple of seconds, but I took her all in from the ground up.

Black peep toe pumps showing a flash of blood red nail polish. A discrete tattoo on her left ankle, a sea turtle. I was with her when she got it. Long legs, smooth skin naturally dark from her ancestry, made darker by hours spent outdoors enjoying life, at least she used to. A hint of muscular thighs, earned in the gym, displayed because she loves to tease, or did. The flare of her hips, tight ass behind. The silk shirt hid her flat stomach, but not her breasts. I never called them huge, but they are, by my memory beautiful, shapely and firm. The cleavage teasing me, daring me not to look her in the eye. The smooth line of her neck extended as she turned to look at the commotion. 

Her face. Beautiful. High cheekbones, dark red lips, deep brown eyes, a cascade of brown hair framing a look of utter disgust.

Yes, we have history.

"You!" she said coldly. "Don't tell me you're at this conference!" she practically spat the words at me.

"Yes. If you look at the schedule, I'm doing a presentation tomorrow on modernization at 10 in the main ballroom. What's your deal?"

"I'm presenting tonight after the opening banquet" She was clearly not happy with that. A late presentation meant drunks, sleepers and lots of talk in the audience. It was a lousy position.

"Well," I began, "at least we don't have to share a stage. Look, I have no current beef with you, let's just try to be civil for three days, okay?"

"Fine." She said, placing a hand on her hip. "I'm going to my room. I have a conference call with the plant manager in ten minutes. Good afternoon." I didn't perceive that things had thawed any, but she didn't throw anything at me.

****

I turned and headed to the bar for another drink. I almost rand head first into my boss coming out.

"Hey Georgie boy" he slurred. Obviously, he'd been there a while. Who's the babe?

"Jackie. Jackie McIntosh. Works for the competition." I said.

"Tha's funny. She dunnt look like a McIntosh. More like a Wong or Chin."

"Her mother was Korean, her father was a third generation redheaded Irish-Canadian." I explained. I still don't know why I bothered

I entered the bar and ordered a drink

As I sipped my good Canadian rye, I thought about the last time I was in Toronto. Over ten years ago. Just before things went bad. We couldn't afford to drink at the Royal York or stay at the Eaton Chelsea. We were in my old University roommate's spare bedroom in a tiny two-bedroom apartment on Jarvis near Gerrard. Not Toronto's nicest intersection, but hardly the den of sin it had been when my dad came to Toronto in the early sixties.

Sunday morning. I got up to get some coffee. My old friend had to be around somewhere. His coat was there. I spied a pair of heels I hadn't seen yesterday. They didn't look his size. Also, a pair of decidedly girly-looking pink Chucks, also not his. Leave it to Jeff to orchestrate a threesome on short notice. They must be asleep; all I could hear was his gentle purring snore.

I padded naked into the kitchen, I hadn't thought about extra guests. I figured Jeff had seen me naked before, so what the hell. I made the coffees, instant, Damn I hate instant. I found a bottle of off-brand orange brandy. I sweetened them. '

I brought them into the room, stepping carefully past Jeff's partially assembled bicycle, and negotiating the books and CDs on the floor. I looked up to see Jackie. She was naked on the bed. Head back on the pillow, eyes closed her right hand was pinching her right nipple, tugging it like I had done so many times before for her. Her left hand was rubbing her clitoris. "Rubbing" was an insufficient word. She was really going at it. Presently she let go of her breast and applied both hands to her pussy. At first she just used the right hand to pull back the hood of her clitoris, which she continued to wank with her left. She dipped her index finger into her wet pussy and brought that sweet nectar up to lubricate her button. She used both index fingers to stimulate either side of her clit. Dipping one from time to time for more lubricating pussy juice. 

I set the coffees down on Jeff's toolbox. I started to pump my now hard cock in time with Jackie. I moved to the foot of the bed for a better look I could see her prominent lips glistening with her lubricant. The early October morning sun shone through the thin curtains. I could make out every detail of her hairless pussy: the dark outer lips, pebbled and textured, lighter pink inside. Her clitoris prominent at the top. A drop of her juice held at the bottom of her slit. Her breathing was ragged. She opened her eyes slightly

"Come on George, sit in front of me and watch me frig my pussy while to jack your cock. I wanna watch too!"

I climbed on the bed and spread my legs, so they were meshed with hers. She rubbed harder. I stroked in time. She dipped two fingers not her wet center and began to stroke at the same pace. I cupped my balls and rubbed my cock head. She was already starting to buck and shudder. She suddenly released her pussy and squeezed both breasts very hard gasping as she convulsed in front of me. She lay still for a moment as her breathing slowed. She seemed to suddenly remember that I was jerking off at her request. She sat up and looked into my eyes.

"Poor baby. You shouldn't have to do that yourself. Wouldn't you rather I finish you off with my mouth?" she said, bending to my cock.

In truth I was nearly there, so I didn't last very long. She swallowed most of my load, with a small drop hitting her left breast as she sat up.

I would likely have taken more notice if I'd known I wasn't going to get another blowjob from her, at least for a very long time.

****

I decided to take a walk in the little park across the street. By "little" I mean tiny. I found a seat on a park bench and reflected on Jackie. We went to University together. We had been friends and occasional lovers since then. Over ten years we met at conferences and interviews (neither of us got the job) and even worked together a bit. We had lots of very hot sex, always carefully ensuring that each other knew, strictly "no strings attached". We both like being single.

That all came to an end when I was with my present company and she was with the regulator. She did an inspection, found a problem. She reported it immediately. I found out not from my friend and fuck buddy but by having my boss chew me out over it. It was a serious infraction. I found the problem (a pre-programmed machine operation that had a typo in the code and hadn't been called on in almost ten years of operation). I fixed the problem, but the damage was done. It cost me a promotion for two years. That hurt. Not as much as what I felt was a betrayal. She insisted that she had no choice. Her mandate required her to report. She could have given me a heads up afterwards.

****

I said that last sentence out loud. The pigeons in the park took flight. I guess it still bothered me. Fine. My old boss always told me "If you don't want them to get your goat, don't tell them where you keep it" I would simply avoid her. The conference was only four days, including tonight. I decided to skip the meet and greet. I called up an old buddy to see if he could go for a beer. 

It turned out that he had tickets to a Blue Jays game. I met him at the stadium. We had a great evening at the game, better than the Jays. I hate it when they lose, especially to the Red Sox. We got drunk on expensive ball park beers and hit a couple of bars after. When I left him around midnight, he was trying to explain to a very hot redhead that he was a Lesbian trapped in a man's body. Twenty years he's been using that line. It even works sometimes.

The walk back to my hotel sobered me up a bit, so I was coherent when I got to the hotel. I'd just grab a nightcap and get to bed.

Right away my Jackie plan was being challenged. She was in the hotel bar with a small group of people sipping wine. I slipped past the bar, pretended I didn't hear a couple of my coworkers call me over, and got on the first open elevator. I wasn't going to my part of the hotel, but I had made my escape. 

I got to my room, poured a neat rye and turned on the television just in time to see a replay of the eighth inning error that cost the Jays the game. I shut it off, gulped my whisky instead of sipping it, and got ready for bed.

Sleep was illusive. Jackie's face kept coming to me every time I closed my eyes. Worse, I dreamed about having sex with her once I did fall asleep. I woke up a bleary-eyed mess an hour before I intended to. I decided to hit the gym. I put on my workout clothes and headed to the fitness center. 

When I got there an attractive woman was doing squats with dumbbells, showing off a very shapely ass covered in tight yoga pants. I was mesmerized until she shook her dark brown ponytail and stood. She turned to re-rack the weights. The great ass belonged to Jackie. 

Of course, it did.

I don't think she saw me. Her t-shirt had ridden up a bit showing a hint of her mocha skin below her navel. Still hot in her mid-forties. I patted my paunch. I need to get to the gym, but I decided to settle on a swim and a soak in the sauna. Yes, it meant swimming in my gym shorts and walking back to my room all dripping, but I really didn't want to be around Jackie. 

II took one look at the gym again. She was doing lunges. Torture me!

****

My presentation went all right. I was in and out of various other sessions all day. I had lunch with my boss who praised me to the ceiling. It wasn't that good. He wanted something. That was his style, like a poker player slow playing an opponent.

I lurked in the back of the room for her presentation. It wasn't bad at all. She looked stunning, dressed very conservatively in black slacks and a white button-down blouse. She managed to hold the attention of the room despite most of them being three drinks in by the time she took the stage.

I had forgotten how good a speaker she was. I stayed in the shadows for her entire talk. As she was wrapping up, my boss came up behind me and clapped me on the shoulder.

 "Hey buddy, whatcha doon hidin back here?" he slurred. He was obviously one of the three drinks in crowd. "Hey, nice tits. Whosh the babe?"

"Jackie, she works for the competition. I told you that yesterday. Yes, but don't try that "nice tits" line on her."

"Ya know her?" he asked, raising his eyebrows

"Yes, we have, uh history." I reminded him of the events ten years earlier. I didn't remind him that he got the promotion I deserved.

"We gotta talk aboot her laters. I need a drink." He said, lurching off.

I needed a drink too, but I turned my back on the open bar and headed to a quiet bar in the lobby.

I was on my second neat rye whisky when Jackie came in, followed by what I could only assume were coworkers. They were laughing and joking and having a good time. I was in a corner and they didn't see me. I was about to get up when an old friend came by my table. We had another drink together, then I decided if I didn't get up, we might be there all night. I said good night with the promise of lunch the next day and headed for the elevators. 

I hadn't noticed Jackie leave the bar, but she was waiting for the elevator with a man I didn't know. That look of total disdain was back. Sher hadn't seen me, so it must have been for him.

As I got closer I could hear the man quite loudly and forcefully trying too pick her up. Jackie clearly wanted no part of this. Thinking fast, I jogged over, spun her around and planted a big, wet kiss on her.

"Hey babe, I made it. Cindy's Science Project went great. She's going to the Regionals. Tommy's team lost the soccer game but he scored a goal. Hi there, " I said sticking my hand out, big goofy grin on my face. "I'm George, and you are?"

"Leaving" he said with a huff. He turned away and stalked off.

The elevator door opened

I guided her in with a hand in the small of her back. Stunned, she moved. 

I pushed seventeen. She pushed twenty. The doors closed and the elevator was off with a lurch.

"Thanks George. That creep was angling for a knee to the dick. I said I wasn't interested way too many times. I was even polite every time"

"Every time?" I asked

"Well, except the time I said something to the effect of 'Why don't you and your shriveled micro dick go fuck off and die'. That seemed to excite him. I suppose because I acknowledged his dick. Sorry, potty mouth." She said

I was about to remind her that not only did I always like her dirty language, but I actively gave as good as I got. But I was interrupted by the elevator jerking to a stop. We were somewhere above the fifth floor, not quite at six.

When an elevator is misbehaving, people naturally start pushing buttons. That's what Jackie did. She pushed "Door Close" and "Door Open" and "Lobby" to no avail. She was reaching for "Door Open" again, when I grabbed her wrist.

"Emergency call" I said "That's what we want' I pressed the large red button

A lively crackle of static came on the speaker "Concierge. Howmelpyou?" the voice slurred, clearly annoyed. The Concierge was obviously busy pretending not to arrange hookers

"Hi." I started "We are in the main lobby elevators, the left on I think. It has stopped somewhere above the fifth floor." 

"Hrumpf" he harrumphed. "I'll get maintenance. Stay where you are."

Like we had a choice.

"Hmm. Survival situation, Do you have any food, matches, gun?" I asked.

"What the actual fuck!" she spat "I don't have time for this."

"I'm sure they get it moving in a minute or two. Probably just a breaker."

Static sounded on the speaker again "Hi there" the concierge said, now recovered and his regular, smooth self "Maintenance had a look. It's not a breaker. So they asked me to call the Elevator Maintenance contractor. I called and they said they will be at least forty-five minutes in this traffic. They're coming from Scarborough. Hang tight. Is everyone okay?"

"Yes, the two of us are fine. Let us know when they get here, please" I still don't know why I said that. A lifetime of working in Maintenance I guess.

"All the ways from the wilds of Scarberia?" she said, referring to Toronto's eastern suburb "Ugh." She leaned against the rear wall.

The temperature had risen noticeably in the short time the fan had been off. I loosened my tie. Jackie undid the top two buttons of her blouse, showing a hint of pale pink bra.

"Careful, Mr. Microdick may show up" I said. She responded by undoing another button.

"You used to like my tits." She said. "You said they were my second-best feature. Do you remember that?" she undid another button, exposing the front clasp of the bra.

Sweat was beading on my forehead. "Yes, I remember your tits, They were glorious. 

She removed her blouse, and moved close to me. She greabbed my cock through my pants as she brought her face close to mine. In a coarse whisper she said, 

"You said they were second only to my cunt."

"I said pussy. I'm pretty sure" I replied

"No, I remember. We were both quite drunk, and you said I have a cunt like a poem. You went on to praise my labia, my clitoris and my grooming choices. You were quite eloquent"

She opened the clasp on her bra and tossed it aside. Her ten-year older breasts were still very nice. I bent to them and licked a nipple. She gasped, but pushed me away, playfully.

"We're going to do this right. By my watch we now have about 37 minutes. Maybe less. Just how hard is your cock right now?

It was straining at my zipper. "Really hard." I answered, my voice cracking for the first time in years. 

"Good, then you can eat my pussy for a minute or two. I'll clean you up after you fuck me." All business. She undid and stepped out of her slacks with the practice of a Montreal stripper. I was struggling with my shirt. I fell to my knees before her pussy. She had let it grow out a bit. Her outer lips were still prominent, darker than the surrounding skin. And she was already getting wet. I parted her lips with my tongue and lapped her wet slit bottom to top, hesitating as I reached her clitoris. I remembered watching her masturbate close up on that lazy Sunday. She favoured stimulating it from both sides at one., pinching it between her forefingers. I lapped it flat, then pinched it between my thumb and forefinger, licking the top. She squirmed and let out a ragged breath. 

I worked my other hand up and pushed two fingers slowly into her wet core. Curving them upwards and applying pressure got me a gasp and got the back of my head grabbed and pressed into her now very engorged clitoris. I added a third finger and began to fuck her slowly and steadily with them while I slowly rotated around her clitoris.

"Goddammit George! Not fair!" She gasped. "I need your cock in me now!

I looked up at her, scanning past the distraction of her breasts to see her face: flushed, sweating, eyes pleading. 

I much preferred that to the look of utter distain.

"Fuck me George" she whispered. She pulled back, spun around and presented her ass to me. "Please George, fuck me. I need your cock in my cunt right now."

I crawled closer and got between her legs. I rubbed my cock around her opening, teasing as much as I could stand. Frankly it wasn't much, because I wanted to be inside her as much as she wanted me inside her. I pressed my cock on her slit, parting her lips, and driving my cock to the hilt in one slow motion. I could feel her wet pussy engulfing every ridge and vein as I pushed slowly. I stopped for a second or two, letting us both revel in the feeling of pleasuring each other. I started to pull back out for the next stroke, and I heard static on the loudspeaker.

"Hey! You guys in the stuck elevator. Are you there?" came the voice

"Yes" we said in unison, both clearly angry. Where did he think we might have gone?

"Steady Elevator just called. They were stuck on the Don Valley Expressway, but they are almost at the Gardiner. They should be here in, uh, fifteen minutes? You guys doing okay?" he asked. 
