 I am in an alley in the middle of New York somewhere. I hear horns honking, "Taxi!", the brakes of big semi trucks discharging and the sound of the subway in the background. I look around and I see the brick building faces, a few pieces of garbage on the ground, just like the pictures of new york. The asphalt, it looks like there is snow or maybe ice on it. There is a chill in the air that feels sharp like pins on my face, I can see my breath and is so thick in front of me it seems to take forever to disappear. God I love New York.

I am leaning against the hood of an older car in the alley. I am rocking from side to side and rubbing my hands together trying to stay warm. We were just standing there talking about nothing really just about things we have in common, the weather, the plans for the weekend, those types of things. We were talking about the weather and how this was normal for this time of year and how cold it can get. I glance over and I see him looking at me out of the corner of his eye, what is he thinking, does he like me? Is this the time we finally don't run away? Where will we go from here this time? He wasn't interested the last time? 

And I am dressed in a knee high black coat buttoned down the front. With a pink scarf and hat. Underneath I am wearing a short gray tweed skirt the kind that goes a few inches above the knee and black thigh highs. A silky white shirt, buttoned down just enough that when I lean forwards you can catch a glymps of my lacey white bra. I look like one of the corperate working wall street women. 

Had he seen my bra when I had bent down. I wonder if he had he seen the lace and the edge of my nipple. Did he want to see what I look like underneath all these clothes and how I felt. Did he know how I wanted him? Was he thinking about something else. We always seemed to have a little office flirting going on but nothing ever happened. Just when I thought he was going to kiss me, or make some type I move, I always pulled away just in time. But this time he looked different. His tone was different he looked different. Did I really want him or was he going to take me anyway. Maybe we should go back inside. 

He turns and grabs me by my jacket, at the shoulders and pulls me toward him. I feel his breath on my face and I can hear every breath he takes. It feels as if he may kiss me hard and deep or yell at me to leave him alone. Had I gone to far this time? He doesn't do either he just looks at me. I cant read his intention but the longer he holds on to me and the harder he holds on I can feel myself begin to really want him. I can feel the tingling between my legs and a warm feeling up my body. We don't say a word we just stare at one another. I think I went to far. 

He lays me back against the hood of the car. I can feel my head and shoulders being pushed against the car. I move trying to get away but I cant get up. With one hand still holding on to my jacket and the other trying to find its way though my coat. I don't want to pull away. I feels so bad, him holding so tight and not saying a word just looking at me. And it feels soo good. Not having control of what is going to happen and not wanting to control. Just having him take all of me for his pleasure or to show me what hes got. No foreplay no sweet words just fucking. Showing me and taking it how he wants it. 

He brings his face closer to mine and begins rub his face in to my neck trying to get the scarf out of the way. At the same time I can feel him getting his hand into the bottom of my jacket and yanking it up. I can feel his hand on the inside of my thighs. They are cold and I can feel the desperation in his fingers and he tries to find his way into my panties. I spread my legs only a little but it wasn't enough I can feel him push them further open with the side of his hand. He was right on target. By the time I feel his finger just in side my lips I am ready, I am wet and so hot. I let out a slight moaning breath.

I can hear him breathing through my scarf and he nibbles on my neck. Is this real could I say no will he stop?? I whisper "No stop" but he doesn't. I can feel his finger inside me and he slowly pulls it out. And the next time it's a little harder and a little deeper. And a little harder and a little deeper. I want him to fuck me. I want him to show me how bad he wants to see me cum. I tell him to "fuck me harder. Shove your fingers deeper inside me. Can you get me off? Is that what you want. You wanna see me cum." Oh god! If this is what finger fucking is all about I am in. He fucked me with his fingers until I thought I couldn't cum again. And the last time he made me cum. he was pounding his fingers inside me I could feel his palm hit against my clit and I could feel my cum running down the inside of legs. I could barely move, or breath, I couldn't say a word. 

. 

When he turned me over face down on the car, undid his belt and pants. He wasn't going to take no for an answer and I wasn't in any shape to stop him. I just had to lay there. He grabbed hold of my jacket and shirt and yanked me up on the hood a little more. He spread my legs as far as he could and shoved his cock deep inside me. He kept pounding me from behind holding my jacket and forcing me towards him. He was so deep inside me I could only moan for him to stop. But he didn't. He kept ramming himself in me faster and deeper. He must have like this because it was long before I heard him let out a quiet moan and I could feel him cum deep inside me. I could feel his cock cumming inside me. I felt him take it out, buttoned his pants and moved back away from me. I just laid face down on the hood recovering from the most incredible fingering and fuck I had ever experienced. 

When I finally looked up to see him he was gone. 

What had just happened? God please let it happen again. 

I still see him around, and we still flirt but we have never talked about it or done anything since. Maybe it was the bra?