 This story is solely a work of fiction. All characters are over the age of 18 years. I do not condone or encourage any illegal sexual activities, but I do enjoy writing erotica stories. I hope you enjoy the creativity and my characters your feedback is much appreciated. Angelgal76

*****

One Night of Passion

He saw her from across the room and knew he had to have her...

*****

She was alone at a small table close to the back of the lounge but was positioned so that she could watch the people around her. She was sipping a martini. She felt his eyes on her and slowly lifted her gaze to meet his. Their eyes locked and he slowly started to make his way across the room towards her.

She had cinnamon colored hair that flowed in waves down her shoulders and halfway down her back and bright green eyes the color of emeralds. Her body was curvy with big breasts. She was a beautiful woman and he wondered if she even realized it. She was wearing a Green sundress in the same shade as her eyes.

He reached where she was sitting and took in her beauty for a moment before leaning over and whispering in her ear "I want you and intend on having you." A shiver ran down her spine at his words.

He was tall she guessed over 6 feet, Dark and Handsome the kind of man her mother had always warned her about. He moved with grace and confidence.

She happened to be alone at the lounge after a long day of conferences for the company that she worked for and she was trying to unwind before going up to her suite as she always had trouble sleeping in hotels.

"Would you care to dance lovely lady?" he asked her in his smooth deep voice.

She simply nodded and slowly stood up. She was taller than he expected with a curvy figure and generous breasts. He took her hand in his and lead her to the small dance floor close to the piano. Her heart was racing as she let him pull her into his arms.

He was excited that she seemed to be accepting of his earlier demand. He knew he was going to have her for at least this one night and was anticipating that it was going to be very sensual.

As he held her close to him swaying her gently with the music she could feel his strength and he smelled of some manly woodsy scent that was slightly overwhelming her. It made her knee's weak. She had never had such an intense physical reaction to a man before.

She smelled of Citrus and an earthly womanly smell, she felt his hard cock against her as he pulled her closer so she could feel the effect that she was having on him. 

"I want you to be mine, if only for tonight." he growled softly in her ear.

She looked deeply into his eyes a soft smile playing gently on her lips.

"Mmmmm yes please." she answered him back in a breathy whisper.

He took her by the hand and as he passed the bar he told the Bartender to put everything on his tab it was for the penthouse suite. She couldn't believe that such a powerful and handsome man wanted her to be his for the night. They walked slowly towards the bank of elevators leading up to the hotel rooms he stopped at the farthest one and tapped his pass and the elevator immediately opened. 

As soon as the elevator door closed he turned pressing her against the elevator stealing her lips with a passionate kiss. His mouth was gently at first exploring then plundering her mouth as he got a little more demanding for her to open her mouth to him the kiss was searing. She could feel how hard he was as he was pressed up against her. He could tell she was just as aroused as he was by her responses. Her nipples wear hard against her bra and the fabric of her dress and she was returning her kiss with just as much intensity.

The Elevator doors suddenly opened and he held her hand as they both stepped out into a small foyer.

"You are going to be mine for tonight and if you need anything please just ask." he whispered into her ear.

She nodded her head yes in response not trusting her voice, studying his profile as he opened the door. He gently pulled her into his suite and closed the door both hearing the click of the lock as it shut firmly behind them. 

He put his hands into her hair and kissed her deeply until he felt her relax into him her hands curling into his hair. He put his hands on her breasts and gently but firmly cupped them in his hands slightly rolling her nipples in his fingers hearing her moan in pleasure. He lowered his head to gently nip and explore her smooth neck. His hands remaining on her breasts rubbing her nipples through the fabric making her moan.

"Do you want this as much as I do?" he asked her

"Yes please don't stop." she said in a breathy voice

"Shall we go into the bedroom where it is more comfortable?" 

Noticing the brief flush of color in her cheeks as she looked up at him with her piercing green eyes. She kicked off her heels and allowed him to lead her into the bedroom. The carpet was thick and plush and felt good on her feet as he leads her to the bed.

"Don't move sweetheart I want to undress you." 

He eyes were glued to his as he took off his suit jacket and then slowly unbuttoned his shirt revealing his muscular body. Her eyes were drinking up his magnificent physique. He also unbuckled his belt and put it over the chair. Leaving his pants on as he sauntered back over to her. He found the zipper at the back of her dress and slowly began to unzip it as he claimed her mouth in another searing kiss. He pushed the material off her shoulders and the dress fell into a pool at her feet.

Her breathing was ragged as he slowly gazed at her curvy body.

"Mmm sexy,I want."

Then he kissed her again his hands found her breasts in a stunning lacy bra. Her body shook and shivered at the sensations cursing through her body at the slightest touch of her nipples she felt the burst of want and heat and need at her core. His mouth was busy exploring her neck and with his other hand he began to slowly explore her silky smooth body. Moving down her sides and hips.

She was moaning softly drowning in the sensations of her sensitive skin and the fire that his touch was starting to create within her. She had never experienced anything so strong and intense before and couldn't get enough. He undid her bra and exposed her firm 42DD breasts with pretty hard pink nipples that he immediately took into his mouth and hand causing her to suck in her breath. 

He began to gently lick and suck on her breasts causing her to moan louder.

He told her to get on the comfortable on the bed and she quickly complied resting her head on the pillow her hair fanning out around her. "No I want you in the middle sweetheart." he said to her as they both realized that neither on had bothered to exchange names. She quickly moved over so she was laying in the middle of the bed. 

He took a few moments to just look at her laying on his bed looking so sexy and fuckable. She was going to be his very soon but he intended on taking his time to make her cum often before he had his own pleasure fulfilled.

He had left on her lacey scrap of panties so he could have the pleasure of taking them off. She looked over at him her green eyes mirroring the need and want she was feeling. His body was muscular and tanned a golden color. His cock was long and thick.

He moved onto the bed and captured her mouth again kissing her deeply his hands and mouth started to explore her body while his hands started slowly wandering down her body until he found the fabric of her panties. He ran his fingers gently up and down her the fabric of her panties getting very wet. He played with her like this for several minuets enjoying the moans coming from her and her breathing becoming heavier. While his mouth and hand continued their assault on her sensitive breasts.

She had never felt anything like this before he was awakening her whole body taking his time and making sure she felt every little move he was making with his hands and mouth. He finally got rid of her soaking panties he wetness all over his fingers. He put his hand back slowly slipping his fingers into her hot, tight, wet pussy and she groaned in pleasure as his thumb found her clit and rubbed it. He slowly started to fuck her with his fingers keeping his thumb on her clit and rubbing it back and forth. Her Hips started to move and she was quickly thrown into her first intense orgasm the heat spiraling through her body as she exploded her release all over his fingers. He felt the waves of her cum on his fingers. Her body shuddering and shaking as she released her cum. 

He kissed her deeply and then put his fingers up to her lips so she could taste herself.

"Taste how yummy you are babe."

She had never had someone ask her to taste herself before, this really turned her on so she opened her mouth and licked and sucked his fingers clean of her juices. 

He groaned "You are so damn Sexy and we are just beginning sweetheart." 

She wanted desperately to please him and give him as much pleasure as he was doing for her. Her hands started wandering his amazing muscular body. He let her hands wander as he kissed her again deeply. His hard cock against her thigh. She explored his body her hands moving down to slowly find his cock when she touched him she heard his sharp intake of breath. Her hand closed around his shaft and gently caressed him. 

It was her turn she made him so hot that he moaned. Never had a woman made him feel this hot and ready to explode from just the touch of her hands on him. She stoked his cock and gently squeezed his balls at the same time. He groaned louder. A smile played across her lips at the sounds of his pleasure. 

She slid down his body and wrapped her lips around his cock sucking gently. He couldn't help it he slowly started to fuck her mouth. "MMMM ."she hummed against his cock the vibration felt incredible and he wasn't going to last long. He pumped his cock in and out of her willing mouth as she continued to play with his balls. He felt the build that was usually slow but this time it was coming hot and fast. "Oh Babe I'm going to cum!" he told her as he came exploding his load into her hot greedy mouth as she eagerly swallowed it all. 

They both collapsed on the bed together. She was smiling at him when she told him "That was incredible." In a shy voice.

"That was only the beginning Sweetheart."

They both fell into an exhausted sleep tangled in each other's arms. He woke up first they had shifted and were both on their sides, she was snuggled up against him her beautiful ass hugging his already stirring cock. He gently started fondling her breast lightly pinching her nipple. 

She stretched against him and let out a moan of pleasure. He moved her hair aside and gently started kissing and nipping at her sensitive neck. She smelled of sex and flowers and her scent of just being a woman. He inhaled deeply enjoying the combined smell of her. She felt his cock rock hard against her ass then his hand playing with her sensitive nipple. Her body shivered as he kissed and gently nipped at her neck. "MMMMM." she said as she stretched against him again.

"Have a good rest beautiful?"

Her response was to moan and wiggle her ass against him. He moved his hand down her thigh caressing her gently moving lover to squeeze her shapely ass. His hand wandered lazily causing shivers up her spine. His hands were steady and sure as her reached in between her legs and moved his fingers up and down her pussy lips. She was instantly wet moaning with pleasure at the touch of his hands on her. She felt so good so wet and ready for him. He shifted her legs so he could enter her from the position they were in. She felt his hard cock slide against her pussy then the head of his cock enter her and she moaned in pleasure. She was tight and wet and so ready for him to fuck her. He started slowly rocking his cock in and out of her. 

"Mmmmm feels so good don't stop."she told him.

He could feel her body responding to his movements and started to move faster. His cock slick and covered in her juices. He felt her body building as she moved against him with every thrust. She was moaning loudly and "I'm going to cum." she moaned as her body exploded around him causing him to cum as her orgasm flooded around him. They both just savored the moment not saying anything as he held her tightly against him still inside her. 

"That was incredible." He told her. He had never experienced anything like the white hot need that had just occurred.

"That was the most amazing sex I have had." she whispered in a soft voice. 

"I can't get enough, I want more, good thing we have all night." Was his response.

They lay together quietly each just enjoying the moment each thinking about how incredible everything had been so far. He held her close and was touching her lightly. She was a very beautiful woman and he couldn't believe how sexy she was when she was moaning and in the throws of orgasm. 

He was a very sexy and sensual man that had brought out a side of her she had never before experienced with a man. They were both sweaty and sticky from the passion they had both shared so he leaned over and whispered in her ear 

"How about a shower together my lovely."

"MMMM that sounds like an amazing idea."

They slowly got up together and he took her hand in his pulling her gently along behind him. Once in the Bathroom he turned on the shower and adjusted the temperature so it wasn't too hot. He let her in first and she moaned as the warm spray hit her flushed skin. So was so sexy he thought to himself as he joined her grabbing the soap and using a luffa so that he could wash every part of her sensual body. He started washing her very gently starting at her shoulders and slowly moving his way down to her beautiful breasts. She moaned as he took them into his hand moving the luffa across them causing her nipples to harden and leaving a soapy trail behind as he continued to wash her moving down her stomach and then slowly pushing her legs apart as he washed down one side and up the other avoiding touching her pussy as he wanted to save it for last. 

As soon as he started washing her body she became aroused by the slightest touch. Her body responding her nipples were hard and aching for his touch as he continued to clean her. She had never experienced something so sensual. He was finished cleaning the front of her except for her pussy which was begging for him to clean it. So he gently scraped the luffa between her legs. Her breath was sharp and she let out a little squeal from the sensitivity. Her pussy was wet and her clit was throbbing. She wanted him to keep touching her. After he washed between her legs he turned her around gently so the spray could wash of the soap as he concentrated on washing her shoulders and back and fantastic ass. God she was delicious he couldn't ever remember when he had wanted a woman so much. He turned her back around and pulled her close so he could kiss her. 

Every kiss and every touch was explosive for both of them. She moaned as he kissed her deeply his hands finding her breasts and gently tugging on her nipples making them hard as she moaned into his mouth. She broke the kiss 

"My Turn." She told him and took the luffa from him rinsing it and lathering it up with fresh soap. She turned him so that he was under the spray and began to wash his broad muscular shoulders moving slowly down his chest teasing his nipples with the luffa giggling as she heard him gasp. "Mmmmm my my my aren't you sensitive." she said in a sultry voice. She noticed that his cock was hard from the second she had started to move her way down his body with the luffa and was turned on by how instantly his body had responded to her touch. She was surprised at how much she wanted him but this time she wanted to take the time to slowly explore every inch of him so she continued to clean his body in the same manor he had cleaned her. Moving slowly down his muscular thighs and calves all the way down to his ankles and back up the other side not touching his rock hard cock. 

He moaned as she cleaned him enjoying the slow build of heat racing through his body. His cock twitching and aching for her touch. She finally took his cock into her hand and washed it very thoroughly the luffa scraping against him. Taking care to wash his cock and his balls. He was so turned on moaning himself as she touched him. Then she did the same to him turning him around to face the spray to wash off the soap and she slowly washed the back of his body. When he turned around she dropped to her knee's and slowly took his rock hard cock into her mouth. "Mmmmm." he moaned in pleasure. As she licked and sucked him he put his hands into her hair gently starting to fuck her mouth in a slow motion as she hummed against his cock enjoying the pleasure she was giving to him. He slowly increased the rhythm as he felt the familiar churning in his balls as her prepared to cum. "ooh baby I'm going to cum." He told her as he exploded into her mouth. She milked his cock and swallowed every drop of his cum.

"My turn." he said pulling her up and pushing her against the shower wall. He turned off the water and began to kiss and nip at her neck knowing it was sensitive as his hands moved to her breasts cupping them and pinching her nipples making them hard. His mouth continued its assault on her sensitive skin as her moved slowly towards her aching nipples. His hands moving slowly towards her aching pussy. He ran his fingers up and down her wet puffy pussy lips before touching her clit. She was moaning and moving her hips against him as his mouth continued to suck and tug gently on her nipples. He plunged two fingers into her hot wet pussy and his thumb brushed against her clit with just the right amount of pleasure. He felt her orgasm building quickly and increased the rhythm of his fingers fucking her pussy. She moaned very loudly as she came hard against his finger soaking them with her cum. 

This made his cock rock hard again and he had to have her. He needed to fuck her hot wet pussy so badly. He removed his fingers and looking at her flushed face looking directly into her very green eyes he sucked the juices of her off his fingers very slowly. She rewarded him with a sassy look and sexy smile.

"I want you." he growled.

He lifted her up and thrust his hard cock into her as she wrapped her legs around his waist and he pounded into her hard and fast both racing towards an explosive release as she came hard against him fueling his need to possess her completely she was moaning as he continued to fuck her hard she felt his release flooding her pussy in spurts setting her over the edge into another powerful orgasm.

They quickly showered off and dried off then made it back to the bed. He took her into his arms cradling her against him as they both fell into an exhausted slumber.

This time she woke up first and was surprised how much she wanted to feel his hard cock inside her again. She gently started to slowly stroke his cock it was already semi-hard and responded to her touch. It was hard and big and had filled her pussy and made her cum so many times, she wanted to get on top of him and ride his massive cock making her come again and again. Her pussy was wet in anticipation. Her nipples were also hard as she decided to get on top of him and ride his cock, she wanted it and craved it. She slowly straddled him lowering herself onto his hard shaft and started rocking her hips against him. 

He felt her hands on his cock and pretended to stay asleep he was waiting to see what her next move was. When he felt he wet tight pussy slide down onto his cock he opened his eyes to look into hers and for the moment savored the slow rocking motion of her on his hard shaft. She took all of him in so deep it felt so good as he moaned in pleasure. She continued to rock up and down and back and forth on his cock working herself and feeling the stirrings of an orgasm starting to spiral with heat in her body. She started to bounce up and down harder on his shaft as he played with her sensitive nipples pulling on them keeping them hard. She moaned softly at first then got louder as her body raced to an intense orgasm. 
