 When her youngest brother ask if she could let a friend of his spend the night on her couch, Rita was a bit annoyed. Her brother told her the guy was just out of the service and headed home, but had to stay one night locally before catching the next plane to his destination. He also said he wouldn't ask, but because he was working out of town, he'd forgotten to leave a key for his buddy to stay at his place.

Rita finally agreed, only because she couldn't tell her little brother no. He was eleven years younger and had always been able to talk her into anything. She figured his friend would be some immature, horny guy that would end up being a pest before leaving. She sighed and resigned herself to putting up with a stranger for a night. It WAS a favor for her little brother...

The unwelcome 'guest' arrived on Wednesday evening just as Rita was told he would. She opened the front door and was surprised to see he was a very good-looking man. He stood about six feet tall and weighed around 185. Mark, which was his name, had dark, wavy hair and a beautiful, sweet smile. He seemed a little shy, which Rita found to be refreshing and kind of sexy. After inviting him in and showing him where he would be sleeping, which was in the 'den' on the couch, she asked if he'd like something to eat. "If it wouldn't be a bother'" he answered in his quiet voice. She noticed his eyelashes were very long and thick, which she also found to be very sexy. She suddenly realized she was staring at him and blushed. "Fine, you can join me for dinner." she told him as she backed out of the room and headed for the kitchen to fix something for the two of them. 

Before she'd left him alone, she had told Mark to make himself comfortable and pointed out the door leading to the bathroom, now she could hear the sound of the shower running. Just as she was setting the table, Mark appeared, his hair damp from the shower, and ask if he could be of any help with dinner. "No thanks. You can watch television or something until dinner's ready, which won't be long" she told him. She had noticed a slight southern accent and ask if he was from the south. Mark told her in his soft, southern drawl, that he was from North Carolina. Rita couldn't help but notice how 'fit' Mark's body was in his tight jeans and white t-shirt, her eyes kept straying to the bulge in his jeans. Apparently Mark was also well endowed as she could see the outline of a very large looking male organ in his tight pants! She realized she felt very attracted to the younger man and frowned at the thoughts that kept creeping into her mind. As if he knew what was going through her head, Mark smiled at her before retreating to the den. She heard the sound of the TV after a moment as she continued to set the table.

Rita was 36 years old and had already been married and divorced by the time she turned 28. She had no children and her body looked as good as it did when she was 26. Well, maybe a bit more full in the bust, but still firm all over. Her hair was a sandy blonde and she wore it long, past her shoulders, in soft waves. She was a mere five feet tall and had tiny feet and hands, she had to wear children's size shoes most of the time. It was difficult to find high heels in her small size. Being petite had never been a problem for Rita. Her full lips gave her a sensual look, as did her exotic green eyes. She wondered if Mark found her attractive. Usually men did and they let her know right away that they did...but Mark hadn't acted like he really paid any attention to her at all. 

"Oh stop it" she scolded herself, "he's too young for me anyway!" After all she reminded herself, he's Jon's friend and only here overnight. She called Mark to eat and tried to make conversation interesting during their meal. Mark didn't make it easy by being so soft spoken and having very little to add to her chatter. When they finished eating he offered to help with the dishes. "No, I can handle it, you go relax. I'll join you in a bit" she told him.

Rita finished the dishes, but instead of joining Mark right away, she went to her bedroom and changed into something a bit sexier then the jeans and tank top she'd been wearing. She put on a dress that flattered her body by showing a lot of cleavage without looking too slutty or too dressy. "Let's see if we get his attention now!" she thought as she walked into the den and sat on the opposite end of the couch from Mark.

Mark glanced up as she sat down and smiled at her. He went back to watching the program that was playing on the screen. Rita couldn't believe she had no effect on him at all! She was beginning to get angry at being ignored. Once more she attempted to get a conversation going with the reluctant Mark but finally gave up when his answers to her questions were 'yes' or 'no' or just as short replies. She sat back and watched the television screen without actually seeing what was on it. An hour later she got up, got a pillow and a blanket, sat them on the chair next to the couch and told Mark "Good night." He didn't even look at her when he told her the same.

Rita stalked out of the room, she was pissed that he was so uninterested in her. Not that she really cared, after all, he was a friend of her brothers and she was just doing a favor, he'd be gone in the morning.

She undressed and got into bed. Fifteen minutes later she heard the TV go off, then sounds of him making up the couch to sleep on. She wondered if she should have offered to do it for him then decided he wasn't worth it and could do it himself. 

Suddenly she felt the presence of someone beside her bed and opened her eyes. Mark was standing there, naked in the dark room. As her eyes adjusted, she could see he was fully aroused as he went to the other side of the bed and got in under the blankets with her. Rita felt his hand touch her hip. She was laying on her side as he ran his hand down to her knees then slowly back up to her shoulder. His hand was warm but it gave her shivers as he stroked her gently. She felt the bed shift as he moved closer, until his hard body was next to her softer one, then he reached around and cupped her breast in his hand. Rita moaned a little when he squeezed her breast and started to rub his thumb across her nipple. She felt him press closer, his cock was rock hard and felt huge! He started kissing her neck and shoulder and his hot breath on her skin gave her goosebumps. 

Rita pretended to be asleep for awhile longer, just to see what would happen. She kept her breathing as even as she could though it wasn't easy with his hand roaming all over her body and his hard cock pressing against her. She felt her pussy getting damp.

Using his knee, Mark pushed Rita's legs apart, letting the one on top rest on his leg as he moved closer and pressed his cock against her moist pussy. Rita couldn't keep her silence any longer and moaned deeply as his cock pushed harder, spreading the lips to her cunt with it's thick head. It felt huge and she had to see if it was as big as it felt. But Mark held her tight against his chest so she couldn't wiggle around to face him. He continued to push his cock into her wetness. Rita gasp as she felt him enter her. She had never had anyone as large as Mark's cock felt, inside her. Her pussy opened more with each slight thrust of his hips, allowing his cock entrance. Rita started to pant with excitement and lust as he filled her. His cock was relentless as it impaled her upon it's thick hardness. Then he was inside her...and lay still for a moment so she could relax before he fucked her. And fuck her he did, like she'd never been fucked before! 

Mark's ten inch cock was moving in and out of her hot, tight slit at a steady pace. Rita's moans grew louder and she found herself pushing back towards his hard rod, meeting each thrust. After a few minutes, Mark pulled free of her pussy and got on his knees above her. She couldn't believe the size of his dick! It was even bigger then she thought...but before she could say anything, Mark grabbed her and flipped her over onto her stomach. He pulled her ass up towards him and inserted his cock in her hot, wet pussy. As he pounded into her, he put a finger into her asshole after wetting it with her juices. She had never had anyone do that to her before and it made her wild. She started fucking him and crying out "Yes, fuck me hard...fuck that pussy!...oh yeah..oh FUCK!..yeah..give me that big cock" That seemed to make him more excited and he pounded harder into her. Mark felt Rita's orgasm and kept fucking her while she came on his rod. Then he pulled out and put the head of his dick against her asshole. It was slick with Rita's juices and slid in easily enough. 

Rita had never had anal sex and her eyes widened in fear when she felt his cock pushing into her ass. "Noooo..." she started to protest but it was too late. She cried out as the head of his cock penetrated her virgin asshole, then start to go deeper. He was so big! She was sure it would kill her if he tried to fuck her ass!

Mark ignored her cries of 'no' and continued pushing forward. Inch by inch his hardness entered Rita's backdoor. Mark went slowly, he had no intention of hurting her, but he was going to fuck the bitch regardless. She had been asking for him to fuck her all evening and now she was getting what she ask for. Her struggles only helped his cock to go deeper and when he was fully inserted into her tight asshole, Mark slowly started fucking it. The pain passed and Rita realized it felt good! It felt different then having her pussy fucked, but just as good. When he reached under her and started playing with her clit, Rita started cumming again, harder then the first time. Her cries were lust filled now. 

When her second orgasm subsided, Mark pulled out of her ass and lay at her side for a moment before lifting Rita up to straddle his cock. He sat her on it and thrust upwards, filling her dripping cunt once again with his big cock. She started to bounce up and down on it, her breasts bouncing in sync. Already she could feel another orgasm building in her and arched her back as it washed over her body in waves. She screamed out her pleasure as Mark fucked her hard. He reached up and took a breast in each of his hands, squeezing and kneading them while she bounced on his dick. When her orgasm was at last fading, he rolled her over onto her back and continued pumping into her pussy. 

His cock seemed to swell even bigger as his excitement built towards climax. Rita was amazed to feel another orgasm rock through her at the same time he came. Her body shuddered and jerked and her hips lifted to meet his pounding cock. Both of them came hard, it seemed to go on forever, they finally rolled apart when it was over. Rita was breathing hard, her eyelashes fluttered as she lay there spent. Mark leaned over and kissed her gently, then rose from the bed and left the room. 

Rita heard the water in the bathroom running, then his return to the couch. She lay there in shock at the fantastic sex she had just experienced and eventually fell into a deep, satisfied sleep. When she awoke in the morning, Mark was gone. 

If not for the ache in her pussy and ass, she would have felt like it had been a dream. That was the first and last time she ever saw Mark. He was her first and last one night stand, and wow, what a great fuck he was!