 He had a girlfriend. She never did this kind of thing. She was a girl who liked to think she knew what might happen in her future. All of a sudden, though, insecurity looked so good.

Why couldn't she have just one night? She needed just a minute to stop thinking about tomorrow. She wanted to live for what felt right to her today.

Today nothing felt more right than him. Nothing felt better to her, just at this second, than his supple bicep under her hand. Nothing looked more enticing than that boyish grin, masking those dirty thoughts. She felt her body begin to give in to him, though her mind still hadn't quite made the journey.

She leaned toward him, listening more intently to what he was saying. Giving him reason to lower that sexy deep voice to just above a whisper. God, that voice ripped right down into her. It melted every last sane thought and sent them all as liquid warmth right between her thighs. She was falling apart. She was falling into him. Her head said, 'No, think about the girl! What if that were you? It's not like this is real love. You just want to screw him.'

But her body had already stopped listening. He put his hand on her lower back and she embarrassed herself by actually mewing out loud. It was soft sound, barely there at all, but oh, he heard it. She saw from the wicked gleam in those light blue eyes that he knew just what he was doing to her.

She couldn't think at all anymore. At least, not actively. Any thought she had seemed like an old tape recorder... The answering machine for her brain replaying sensible messages of the past. It was too bad she was beyond listening to them.

She leaned her entire side against him, now. Ostensibly to lean over the bar and order another drink. Quick, she thought, think of something that sounds sexy when you order... "Um, a Buttery Nipple, please?" She asked, not looking at him at all. The bartender grinned a little as he poured. Damn, was that smooth, did that sound cool?

"Shit, where's the butter?" He asked, looking around as if to find it. She laughed. Yes! That helped so much to make her feel lighter. She loved a man who could joke through sexual tension. Plus, she got a nice visual of him greasing her up... maybe not with butter, though, maybe with some of that new flavored massage oil...

Hmm... Now she was getting ahead of herself. Should she try to abide by that ultimate feminine rule tonight? No sex on the first date. Right? Well, that's what everyone said. Of course, this wasn't a date. There wasn't likely to be a first date since he had a lady. They always say to leave some mystery, leave him wanting more. What do they know anyway? People who write articles, books, plays, and movies didn't know everything.

It wasn't like none of them had ever had a one night stand. Besides, he just slipped his hand lower, nearly on her ass now. Should she move it back up? Be the good girl? Or play the devil's mistress?

She'd waited too long now, he'd moved on to caressing her, from her shoulder blade to her lower hip, very nearly her ass. Not too blatant, she supposed, but still, very tantalizing. She put her hand on his big shoulder and whispered to him, "I've got to go to the bathroom."

She saw from the look in his eye that he wondered if she was hinting for him to follow her in there. Well, she'd let that idea simmer and see what he did about it.

She finished quickly in the bathroom, anxious to get back to him. She fixed her hair a bit, pressed her lips together and wished she had some lipstick with her. No room for much on this dress. As it stood, she already had cash and ID plus a single car key tucked into her bra. Not the best way to carry things but she hated having a purse at the bar.

She hoped he had protection.

As she leaned in toward the mirror, drying her hands, the door behind her opened. Her heart leapt a bit as she noticed it was him. God, he looked fantastic. How did men look so damned yummy in nothing more complicated than a tight black t-shirt and khakis? He locked the door behind him and walked over to her.

She looked around, taking in the naughtiness of doing something like this in a public bathroom. At least it was clean. He walked over and grabbed her, a little demanding but not exactly rough. His mouth descended on hers with all the urgency they'd built in each other through the night.

She sighed into his mouth, relieved that the tension was finally breaking. She opened her eyes to see him watch himself kiss her in the big mirror. He had a hand on her ass and he lifted her onto the counter. She splayed her legs for him and reveled in having him pressed against her. Finally!

The bathroom was bright and garish, but she couldn't bring herself to care. There was something about him that simply caught her up, made her want to do things she'd never thought of before, and damn the consequences.

She writhed against him in the agony of so much passion. Her body felt like a fire had been built inside of it, but she knew stopping would be so much worse.

He had moved his mouth to her neck, kissing and licking and sucking her skin. He kissed all the way up to the spot just beneath her ear where she'd always been most sensitive. She felt herself jerk involuntarily against his hardness. Her body responded in an instant orgasm she hadn't at all been expecting. Normally a sensitive woman, this was beyond the bounds of even her normal reactivity.

She clutched his strong, muscular arms as she rode the waves of her orgasm, peaking over and over again just from his touch at that one spot. He continued his exploration of her neck, using small bites that excited and soothing them with kisses.

Her body didn't feel languid after the orgasm passed, as it usually would. He'd already built her back up into a frenzy of heat and urgency.

She brought his head up and kissed him, hard, biting his lower lip less gently than she intended. He moaned and she leaned away, wondering if she'd hurt him. "Is that okay?" she asked, wondering if she could help herself if he said it wasn't.

"Yes, I think it's sexy." He said, his voice octaves lower than usual and rumbling through her like a physical force.

She kissed him again, her body still writhing uncontrollably against him as it had been the entire time they'd been touching. He pressed into her and held her ass, making sure that the pressure was as deep as it could be with him still outside of her.

"God, I love the way you smell." He said, his face in her neck again.

"Mmmmmm" was all she could come up with as a reply, especially since he'd moved his hands under the skirt of her dress, caressing her ass through the thin black mesh of her panties.

She ran her hands all over him, loving the feel of him beneath her fingers. He was so hard everywhere, so different from her curvy softness. She knew it came from his work, knew also that his job was the reason his hands were so work worn and rough. Her father was a mechanic, her grandfather the hardest working woodsman she'd ever heard of... Nothing became a man more in her eyes than rough hands and hard arms.

She ran her hands under his shirt, reveling in the feel of soft skin over taut muscle. He had come back to kissing her on the mouth and moaned when she ran her hands over his sides and down to his firm ass. She pulled him into her, hard, rubbing against him and mewling deep in her throat. God, they'd done practically nothing and she'd already gotten off once. Meanwhile, he was straining against her so hard that she almost couldn't believe that was all him.

The line of a song drifted through her mind briefly as she reached for his zipper: "You're someone else's man and that ain't the kind of man I want to want..."

Too late now, huh?

The guilt fled at the site of him, the length and girth of him, resting in her hand. There was no more room for wondering what might happen, or how long it would take for people to make the connection between the locked bathroom door and the two missing people.

She fondled him from balls to head for a brief moment, loving the velvet over steel feeling, the bulging veins, the straining tip, the droplet of precum... All indicators of what she was doing to him. She shivered a little with anticipation, tracing her thumb through the tiny bit of cum.

He watched her hands on him in amazement, surprised it had gone this far.

He'd flirted with a lot of women the same way he had with her. No one had taken him seriously thus far...

She grasped him in her hand, as completely as she could and began to run her hand up and down the length of him, preparing him for her in honest. She still couldn't stop the involuntary motions of her hips and found herself lightly humping the counter she sat on, her hips moving in slow circles. He noticed and slid a hand around from her ass to her slit. He pushed her panties aside and his rough fingertips came into intimate contact with all that wet heat.

She was wetter than anything he'd experienced before.

His fingers were long but blunt and she thought of what they looked like as he slid one inside her. She moaned and accidentally grasped him too hard for a moment, nearly coming again.

She forced herself to control it, to try not to freak out every time the poor man touched her anywhere at all.

She continued to run her hands up and down his thick shaft, holding one at the base and running the other up, palming the slightly damp head, running it back down. She opened her long-fingered hand at the base of his penis and managed to envelope his balls, as well.

This time he moaned a bit and she felt his hand slip in its rhythmic motions as he tantalized her body.

She repeated her motions once more, looking him square in the eyes and licking her lips slowly.

He threw his head back and groaned. "Enough. Are we going to do this?" He asked, already pulling her hips toward his. Her panties now pushed aside, his pants and boxers at his knees, they came into intimate contact.

"Wait, do you have anything?" She asked, in truth not caring but trying hard to make herself be responsible.

"Shit. No." He responded, taking a deep breath and trying to force himself to back up.

"It's okay." She said, pulling him back to her, grabbing his ass and letting her wet hot slit pulse against the head of his shaft. "I'm clean, I know you are, too, right?"

"Yeah." He still looked a bit tortured.

She grinned wickedly and took hold of him. She rubbed the head of his penis up over her clit once, twice, spreading her own moisture for lubricant and also just loving the feeling of it.

She slowly, slowly engulfed him in her body, letting her head roll back and her shoulders tense. When he was seated as far as he would go into her sheath, she moved her hands to his lovely sculpted arms. She looked into his glazed eyes and paused. She let the involuntary motion of her ever gyrating hips move against him subtly but she tried to hold still.

"Go ahead." She said, running her hands over his arms and shoulders, willing him to take control.

He snapped out of his seeming daze and grasped her hips, his head lowering to her breast exposed above the brief dress she still wore. He sucked and kissed his way over any portion of her exposed chest as he thrust into her deep and hard. His strong hands kept her from moving back too far on the counter, bruising her hips in the best possible way. She reveled in the mixing feelings... building tension, slight pain, glorious pleasure. The friction of him naked inside her was nearly too much for her and she felt a small orgasm begin, arching through her again and again like tiny electric shocks.

He pulled nearly all the way out of her, his mouth finding that spot under her ear one more time, and the tiny shocks turned into a full on electrical storm.

Her body thrust back against his, her hips circling against him, her body trying to hold onto him even as he pulled back and thrust again. She could feel the waves of tension in her inner walls, gripping him tightly, practically milking him as he hit his orgasm. He slammed into her one last time, shoving into her so hard that she nearly screamed, catching the sound at the last moment. She pressed a hand over her mouth, biting one of her fingers to keep quiet. Her head slapped the paper towel machine and his grip on her hips was like a vise. She wrapped her legs around him tighter and flexed her inner muscles, trying to make it as good for him as possible. His throat was corded with the tension and she felt him flood her body with hot bursts of semen.

He eventually relaxed, letting her rest more comfortably on the counter, still inside of her.

She looked at him.

He looked away.

He looked in the mirror. The expression on his face was completely unreadable. She felt him pull out of her and immediately missed him. She ached for him in less than a second of absence.

She pulled her underwear into better order, adjusted her dress, went into a bathroom stall.

Before she closed the stall door she turned back to him.

He still stood there, facing himself in the mirror, blankly staring.

"It's okay. Go. I'll be out in a minute, but I'm just gonna go out the back door. Don't worry about it." He blinked at her words but didn't move. She went into the stall, cleaned herself up as best she could, tried to regain her composure. Tried not to look like someone who just got her brains fucked out in a public bathroom.

She heard the door shut. Safe from having to reassure him again, she came out. Saw herself in the mirror. Her hair definitely had what her grandmother called that "just fucked" look.

She grabbed her purse from where she'd abandoned it, glad she hadn't kept a tab that evening.

She pushed her shoulders back, brought her chin up, smiled, winked at herself in the mirror, and tried to pretend it wasn't something worth regretting.

She left through the back door just like she'd said. No use making a scene.

She hoped she'd never see that look on a man's face again.