 She knew that she was in trouble. Across the room there stood a man dressed in all black, and looking so damned good looking. Ashton Crest was staring, she knew it, but she couldn't help it. The man that had caught her attention stood at the doorway, talking to the host of the Halloween party. The host, Crystal-Lynn Smites, was dressed in a bright red devil suit, complete with the tail, horns, and a pitchfork. She was a short but elegant woman who was quite the spitfire. No one doubted that she had the temperament of the devil, and can, and did, show it when she had to.

But right now Ashton was more worried about the man. Who was he and where did he come from? Lean, but with muscles in all the right places. He was tall, well over six feet. Wide shoulders, a flat stomach, black hair, light eyes, great thighs and legs drew her interest at once. He had no jewelry except for a gold watch he wore on his left wrist. He had a moustache and he hadn't shaved in a few days, Ashton could tell.

She had left the house that night with the intentions of finding a man willing enough to give her a one-night stand. She knew she deserved it and she couldn't wait to get someone in bed. After two years of fighting, the day before, her husband had finally signed the divorce papers. She felt she had a right to celebrate. And one night of wild sex was just what she wanted. Luke hadn't been all that great in bed, and Ashton vowed from the beginning that she wouldn't cheat on her husband. But, she finally turned to another man. After almost six months of not having sex, she had to. She was going insane!

But after only a week, Luke found out. He had always been a good businessman and Ashton could afford to stay home and do nothing. Ashton admitted that she had been a little sloppy about the affair but she didn't care. She was finally getting what she wanted: wild sex with someone who knew what they were doing. 

And man did Evan know! Luke was all about himself in bed, and as long as he came, he couldn't care less about her. Evan was different in all ways. He devoted at least thirty minutes each day to pleasing her on his knees. He loved her taste and getting her off. So did Ashton!

Now, in the middle of the party, she could feel herself getting wet. She rubbed her thighs together in attempt to rub the ache away. She soon found out that it wasn't going to go away that fast. She looked around the room to see if anyone was watching her and found to her dismay no one was. She wanted to be watched by someone! Looking back at the man by the door, she was surprised to see the mysterious man in black watching her.

Making up her mind, she walked towards him with seduction on her mind. He looked her up and down in her sexy maid outfit, and then he met her eyes and smiled seductively. He knew, somehow, what she wanted. And she was a little embarrassed, but she wanted him. 

"My name is Ashton. What's yours, handsome?"

"My, my, at what a brave little vixen. Name's Grant, and let me be the first to tell you what an amazing outfit you have there."

Grant, huh? Ashton thought to herself. For some reason, that name suited him well.

"Thank you, Grant, and just what is your outfit supposed to be?"

"Well, I don't usually go to these types of parties, but I just hired Ms. Smites, and she invited me here. She failed to tell me that it was a costume party." He grinned at her with ease while thinking to himself about what might be under the maid outfit, and how soon he would find out. He knew she wanted to fuck him, and he was ready and willing for it. She was a gorgeous woman, and a guy would have to go nuts to turn someone that good-looking away.

"So, Mr. Grant, where are you from?"

"Originally, I'm from New York, but right now I'm about five miles down the road. I rented a place from Crystal-Lynn's landlord. It's a nice place, with a pool, three bedrooms, two bathrooms, and a huge living room." Every time he mentioned a place in the house, he imagined fucking her there. He shifted his weight and quietly ordered his self to calm down. 

"You married?" Ashton asked.

"Nope, I just like having a lot of space. And plus, it's the only thing I can find till I get my house fixed." They talked some more as the night went on but mostly they people watched and commented on the costumes. It was a fun night, and when midnight came, neither wanted to leave the others company. 

"How about you come to my place and check out the pool?" He asked. "It's a nice place and I'd love to go swimming with you."

"I don't have a bathing suit." She said to him, curious about what his response was going to be.

"Who said we needed one?" He asked with a note of lust in his voice. Oh yeah, Ashton thought, he's definitely my type.

They left the party and headed to his car. A cab had dropped off Ashton at the party. They didn't need to explain what would happen. His car seemed logical and the easiest way to get to what they wanted the most. On the way to his rented house, he reached over and laid his hand on her thigh. She smiled in the darkness and placed her hand over his. It was warm and rough, and she felt her panties getting soaked already.

A short drive later, they pulled up in his driveway. He walked around quickly to her side after turning off the car and opened her door. As soon as she stepped out, his arms wrapped around her and she was instantly drowning in his kiss. He tasted like cinnamon candy, and she moaned quietly. She could feel his dick pressing into her stomach, and she ground against him.

"Feisty, are we?" He grinned in the moonlight as he pulled back. He took her by the hand and led her up the brick pathway. As they reached the door, he quickly unlocked it and pulled her gently inside. After locking the door behind her, he led her to the couch. He kicked off his black loafers and encouraged her to take her shoes off. She did and was pulled down on top of him. They continued kissing till he couldn't take it any more. 

He pulled off his black turtleneck to reveal a white wife beater. He stared passionately at her outfit and slowly ran his hands up her legs and across the top of her thighs. He was already hard as hell, but when the journey of his hands reveled that she wore no panties, he let out a groan and felt himself get harder. She smiled at this, and gently pushed her cunt into his waiting hand. She was slick and wet, and she knew that it would turn him on.

He kissed her thighs and slowly made his way to her dripping hole. She was shaven, had been since she was 16. She loved the way it felt. He ran his fingers over the silky skin and slowly opened her pussy lips. She was wet, so wet. And he wanted her so bad. He slid two fingers in her wet hole and started to finger her. She moaned and felt her head fall back onto the cushion. The squishing sounds her pussy made got louder the faster he fingered her. Soon, he had her gasping for air as he rammed his fingers in and out of her.

"Yes, oh god yes. That feels so damned good. Ah, finger me good. Oh shit. Fuck me with your fingers!" He continued to finger fuck her until she blasted off into an orgasm. Her head fell back onto the couch with a thud and she sighed.

"That was good. Now, its my turn." She stood up on her shaky knees on the well-cushioned couch and motioned for him to stand in front of her. He did, swelling in his black jeans. He was grateful that she was taking them off, for they were getting tighter by the minute, especially when he watched her cum all over his fingers. When she unzipped his jeans and pulled his hard cock out, he moaned.

"Does that feel good baby?" She asked, already knowing the answer as she started to jack his hot cock off. He was hard as steel, and hot as hell. She stared at his dick, and slowly ran her tongue on the underside. He bucked in her hand and she chuckled. She was good at blowjobs, and she loved to feel a big dick respond in her mouth. She sucked him hard and fast, running her hand up and down the length of him. Just when she started to feel his cum starting to pump, she pulled him out of her mouth and jerked him off onto her tits.

They lay there about twenty minutes, both breathing hard. He then got up, held out his hand, and led her to a bedroom. He was anxious to feel her hot, tight pussy around his dick, and he knew she wanted the same thing. After laying her down on the bed, he took both of her legs and threw them over his shoulders. He licked her very softly at first but then she started to beg for release. He slowly worked his way up to her hard clit, and then attacked it. She started to shake all over, and in the middle of her climax, he stuck two fingers deep inside of her and added her G-spot climax, sending her off into another world.

When she came back down to earth, breathing hard and sweating, she was hell bent on getting even. She pushed Grant back on the bed and straddled his hard cock. She asked where the condoms were, and after slipping one on, started to fuck him hard and fast. Her hair had fallen and she was beautiful. Her full tits were bouncing all over, and she was moaning loudly. He watched her, waiting to flip her over when he couldn't handle what she was doing much longer.

When the time came, he flipped her over on her back. She gave a small moan, but settled down quickly.

"My turn sweetie," he told her as he withdrew his hard dick, leaving just the head in her hole. When she tried to push up on his prick, he backed away and teased her by asking her what she wanted.

"Your dick," she answered.

"Where do you want it?"

"In me, fucking me."

"You want me to fuck you?"

"YES! I WANT YOU TO FUCK ME! NOW! I CANT STAND IT ANYMORE!!"

"Your wish is my command," he said. With one smooth motion, he powered his hips forward and slammed into her with such a force that she screamed. After a while she started to talk to him.

"Oh, yeah baby, fuck me. That feels so damned good. You have such a big cock. Oh fuck me. Harder, baby, harder. Slam me. Harder. I'm gonna cum. Oh hell, I'm gonna cum all over your dick. Baby, harder. Ahhh, ahhh, ahhhhh!"

At the top of her climax, Grant fucked her as hard as he could, and at the same time filled the condom's tip up till it almost burst. He groaned loudly and slowly withdrew his cock. Looking at each other, they both smiled. This was going to be a long, but fun, night.