 NOTE: I'd like to thank Aruzia Melnik for editing my first attempt at publishing a story. The feedback and insights I received were invaluable. I hope you enjoy this One Night Stand.

*****

She oozed sex as she watched him. Her eyes seemed hungry and Ian could not deny how it turned him on. Ian stirred a little in his stool trying to hide the excitement growing between his legs. 

---

It had been a long, tough day when Ian finally sat down at the bar of the hotel. He ordered himself a beer and positioned himself on the stool so he could view the people coming in and out. There were a few businessmen still in their suits sitting at a table, obviously still absorbed in the day's business deal. A couple sat in a private area, gazing into each other's eyes deeply and paying attention to no one else. A few other tables were occupied by groups attending the latest convention. No one caught Ian's eye, that is, until she walked in.

He wasn't sure if it was her long platinum blonde hair, her athletic, strong body, or her large breasts that caught his attention, but whatever it was, he secretly hoped she sat next to him. Ian watched as she walked toward the bar. She was wearing a tight, short, dress that left little to the imagination. Her cleavage was abundant, spilling out of the dress. Her legs were strong and toned as she moved effortlessly in her 4" heels. Ian was able to get a look at her firm ass as she moved past him to take the seat on his left.

"Bourbon & coke please." He heard her sultry voice say to the bartender. The thoughts in Ian's head were flying as he smelled her perfume. He could not take his eyes from her and he was not quite sure why.

---

The bar wasn't very crowded when Lexi arrived. She scanned the room quickly from the doorway. A table of businessmen none seemed interesting. Couples, mixed group table... wait... the man at the bar. "Yummy" she thought to herself. He had a well-groomed look about him, with his short brown hair, gorgeous hazel eyes, a strong jaw line, muscles that bulged beneath his tapered black shirt, and jeans that fit perfectly over his crotch. And the best part of it was no one was sitting near him. She smiled and walked towards him, taking the seat to his left. 

She ordered her drink and sensed his eyes on her. Damn he was hot. She could feel herself getting moist beneath her dress. She looked him over and didn't notice a ring, or indents from a ring, not that that would have mattered. She sipped her drink watching him over the rim of the glass and then smiled at him. "Are you going to say 'Hello' or just stare?"

---

Ian was a little startled at her comment, but he smiled a fantastic smile and simply said, "Hello."

"Great smile. Are you here for a conference?" She tried not to show how his smile impacted her physically, but her nipples were hard and poked through her dress. He noticed; how could he not?

"Just a long day, needed to relax and have a drink." He took a drink of his beer. "And what are you doing here?" He said taking another drink.

She smiled a devilish grin. "I am here to find a man for the night." He almost spat out his beer as she said it. "Sorry, didn't mean to startle you." She giggled a little. "My name is Lexi."

He gathered his composure and extended his hand, "Ian." She grasped it firmly and shook it. 

"Nice to meet you Ian. Here alone?"

"Not anymore." He grinned. Ian looked Lexi over and noticed she had re-positioned herself on the stool so that her legs parted slightly, as if to invite him to look. Her ample chest was still showing her hard nipples beneath the tight fit of the dress's bodice. He moved on his bar stool as his cock stiffened.

It was clear there was a spark between them; the only question was how long they had to sit there before one of them would act on it. It didn't take long. Lexi leaned over and whispered into Ian's ear, "That looks like something I could take care of for you Ian." She glanced at his cock bulge beneath his jeans. She finished her drink, left money on the bar and stood up. "Come with me." And she started to walk towards the lobby. Ian quickly stood up, threw some cash on the bar for a tip and followed behind Lexi.

In the elevator she pressed 6 and turned to Ian, grabbed his neck and pulled him to her. She kissed him deeply, her tongue searching his mouth for his with a hunger he had not experienced before. Lexi moved her body against Ian so his cock was pressed against her. She rubbed herself against him, moaning gently in his ear. She reached her hand to his cock and rubbed him through his jeans, squeezing a little when the ding of the elevator alerted them to the 6th floor. Lexi moved off his body and as she exited the elevator, she turned back momentarily waving her fingers to the man who remained on the elevator. "Have a good night," she said seductively.

She grabbed Ian's hand and led him down the hall to room 601. The key clicked in the electronic lock and as she opened the door. She pulled at this shirt, lifting it over his head and throwing it to the floor as the door closed. "Ian, are you ready to be fucked hard?"

"Oh God yes," he replied breathlessly. He pulled Lexi to him and lifted her dress over her head. She stood before him naked, expect for her 4" heels. Without a word Ian took her right breast in his hand firmly and sucked it hard. Licking the nipple and rolling it with his tongue, the feel of her breast in his mouth was exhilarating. He pressed himself firmly into her and thrust his hard cock against her. She moaned at the feel of his hardness. She was so wet at the feeling of his mouth on her nipples she had to focus on not cumming. 

She moved so she could undress him. Her expert fingers at his waistband had his jeans' button undone in a moment. She quickly pulled down the zipper to finish the job. Her fingers gripped the sides of the jeans and she tugged roughly to get them off Ian's hips. She glanced down and saw his huge penis through the form fitting boxer briefs he still wore; for the moment. A quick pull at those and they too were on the floor at Ian's ankles. Again she looked down and sucked back drool that immediately formed at her mouth when she saw the most gorgeous cock protruding from his body. Lexi dropped to her knees, lifting his right foot off the floor to remove his shoe, tossing it away and repeating with the left before she pulled his jeans and under shorts away from him completely. She lifted herself up into a high kneel and took his cock in her hand. "God it feels good," she moaned. She stroked it gently, watching it intently, and again fought back the drool. There was no more waiting, she couldn't take it anymore; she licked the tip getting the first taste of pre-cum. "Yum," she said out loud. Her mouth opened up and she slid his cock entirely into her mouth, sucking the whole time. Ian moaned loudly. 

The more she moved up and down the shaft the bigger it grew and harder it became. He grabbed her head with both hands and moved it faster on his shaft. "Fuck me with that mouth." Ian grunted and she did exactly that. He couldn't stop thinking about how good her mouth felt on his cock. She seemed to know exactly how to work his cock to make him huge. "Oh fuck!" He said. He pulled her off of his cock before she made him cum.

Lexi stood up and pushed Ian back on the bed. She stood over him, looking at his firm, well-toned, muscular body. Subconsciously, she licked her lips. Ian couldn't help but smile. Without warning Lexi straddled his body and grabbed his right wrist. Before he knew what she was doing he heard a click. He glanced over his shoulder to see she had handcuffed him to the headboard through one of the slats. While he was looking at his right wrist she repeated the process to the left. He laughed nervously, "Oh, funny. Come on now Lexi let me go." She ignored him. Lexi lowered her face to his and gave him another animalistic kiss. It seemed to Ian that her hunger had grown since the elevator kiss.

Her hands roamed his chest and she pinched his nipples. She reached for the bedside table and grabbed what looked like chains from there. Ian watched as she quickly moved to clamping his nipples to the chains. "Oh shit," he exhaled. Lexi smiled that devilish grin of hers and pressed herself over the entire length of his body. She nibbled on his neck and slowly moved down his chest, flicking her tongue over his clamped nipples. "Oh, one thing Lexi, no marks. My girlfriend won't like that."

Lucky bitch! Lexi thought to herself. "Then don't move too much with those cuffs on, they will leave a red mark." She grinned and returned to his body. She licked slowly down his torso, over his stomach, stopping at his pelvis. "You taste good." And with that she swallowed his cock in her mouth again. As she sucked him this time she allowed her fingers to caress his balls, gently massaging them with her right hand, holding the base of his cock with her left. She sucked hard on the head of his cock before sliding back down the shaft with the flat of her tongue on the underside. The more he moaned, the more Lexi enjoyed it. She pushed her hips against his thick, muscular leg, rubbing her pussy against it. Grinding into it as she fucked his cock with her mouth she brought herself to climax. The feeling started at the tips of her toes and slowly crawled up to her pussy where the blood warmed and moistened the already wet area. The tingles grew to a full-bodied exhilarating feeling that Lexi couldn't control. She released her orgasm as she sucked Ian harder. His mind reeled as he felt her cum on his leg just from sucking his cock.

In one move Lexi mounted Ian, shoving his cock deep inside her wet pussy. She sat tall on him in full cowgirl position and rode him like the stud he was. She moved her hips forward & back working him deeper into her pussy, the head of his cock hitting her G spot. Ian groaned as his cock grew inside of her. Lexi milked the throbbing mass of cock with her pussy walls. He felt the pressure of her pussy walls against his cock then released it, then again and again. Squeeze release, squeeze release, over and over. He was so close to cumming. "Do you want it?" He asked.

"Give it to me. Cum inside of me." She commanded it, which turned Ian on even more. Just as he was going to climax she released the clamps from his nipples. The rush enhanced his orgasm as he released his warm creamy seed inside her hot wet pussy, which made her orgasm too. They both groaned and moaned as he emptied himself into her. 

When they were able to move again, Lexi got off his cock, slipped it in her mouth and sucked him clean. She moved over his face and forced his mouth open. As she held it wide she released a stream of spit & cum into his mouth for him to taste. Saving some for herself she finally swallowed. Both enjoyed the taste of their cum mixed together. Glancing at the clock next to the bed, Lexi noticed it had barely been 30 minutes since they left the bar.

Lexi lay on the bed next to Ian. "Are you planning on releasing me?" He turned his head toward her. She smiled, stood up and grabbed a bottle of water from the refrigerator. She came back to the bed, poured water in his mouth and sat next to him. 

"Well, you have been a good toy tonight. Perhaps I could let you free." She giggled a little, unlocked his left wrist and then the right. Before she knew what happened Ian grabbed her forced her face to the bed and held her down. "What do you think you are doing, Ian?"

"Taking your ass." He said simply. He leaned over and grabbed the dildo that had been left on the bedside table, covered it in the lube that was out, and without warning he shoved it in Lexi's asshole. "Take it all." He buried the dildo deep inside her ass as she moaned, almost screamed with pleasure. He worked the dildo in and out, removing it completely before shoving it back in deep again. He repeated this several times before he noticed the now familiar shudder of her body which told him she was cumming. 

As he watched her body's reaction to the dildo fucking, his cock grew hard again. He could wait no longer. He removed the dildo from her ass, much to her disappointment, and replaced it with his hard, fully erect cock, which she loved. "FUCK ME!" Her voice was muffled as Ian still held her head to the bed. He thrust himself deep and hard inside her tight ass. The pounding increased the more she reacted.

Removing his hand from her head he grabbed her shoulders. She bucked and pushed herself against his cock. "Oh yeah, fuck that ass." She begged, but he didn't have to. Lexi was fucking herself on Ian. He was getting off watching her work her body on him. The fucking continued as she came again. He reached around her and grabbed her tits as they bounced beneath her, rubbing them with his strong hands.

He pushed her down again so her ass was high in the air and held her shoulders firm. She kept grinding her ass into him. "Oh Ian that feels so good." She moved herself faster against him. The faster she moved, the harder Ian became and the closer to orgasm he felt. There was no way he was going to be able to hold it back. Her tight ass felt so good around his cock. She squeezed it and the sensation was incredible. 

Sweat formed on both of their bodies and the room was filled with the scent of sex. Ian was ramming himself against her ass harder than he thought he could. He pulled himself off so he could watch her ass cheeks spread again as he entered her. "Oh God!" he moaned. He bucked hard into her and she begged for more. He rode her ass like it was a bucking bull in a rodeo. He wondered if he could hold on for 8 seconds more. Lexi pushed herself against him at the same moment he thrust into her. He thought he was going to tear her ass. He thought he heard her whisper "Harder" but he wasn't sure. He thrust with all he had in him and watched as she almost buckled beneath him with a huge orgasm. "Oh fuck," he whispered. He felt his body reaching its climax and there was no stopping it now. He exploded his cum into Lexi's tight, firm ass; feeling his cock pulse as he ejected another huge load of seed into her. 

Ian pulled himself out and flipped Lexi on her back shoving his cock in her mouth. To his surprise she cleaned his cock without complaint. They lay next to each other again, waiting for their breathing to return to normal. They drank water and relaxed together for a few minutes, before Lexi stood up. "It's getting late."

Ian rolled over and looked at the clock. "Mmm, It is. I have to go; my girlfriend will be home soon." He stood up and started to gather his clothes. He quickly dressed again and then turned to Lexi who was gathering her things, still naked. "Thanks for a great night. Nice to have met you."

"You're welcome. Thanks for the good fucking." She grinned and moved in close to Ian, kissing him gently on the lips. "Do you need me to show you out or can you manage?"

"I'm good thanks," he smiled.

Lexi turned and walked into the bathroom, closing the door behind her. Ian left the room with a smile on his face. 

Remembering the time, he rushed to his car and drove home quickly. Ian knew he had to hurry as his girlfriend would be home soon from her night out. He came in the garage door and the dogs greeted him excitedly. He let them out in the back while he hopped into the master bathroom to shower, brush his teeth and change.

He was clean and smelling like him, all traces of Lexi removed, sitting on the couch with the dogs at his feet thinking about his hot encounter when he heard the garage door open. A few moments later the kitchen door opened and Ian looked over his shoulder to see his girlfriend walking in. She was wearing a mini skirt and low cut shirt, showing her cleavage off. Her brown hair was cut short and her dark eyes had a hint of naughtiness in them. "Hi baby. Did you have a good night?" She asked as she walked over to Ian and kissed him gently on the lips.

"I had a great night Liz." He smiled as she sat down and snuggled into him. "By the way..."

"Yes babe?" Her devilish grin emerged.

"Lexi was fucking hot. Let's do her again."