 Jim walked into the bar at the hotel. It had been a long week of meetings and he was exhausted. He planned to have a couple of drinks, some dinner and maybe catch a game. He was glad the hotel had this option. The weather outside was awful. He settled in, ordered a beer and asked to see a menu. As he sipped the beer, he could feel the stress start to leave his body knowing he was done for the week.

While he was looking over the menu, a woman approached him and took a seat next to him. It was the only stool left at the bar. Jim immediately took notice of her. He had seen her a couple times that week in the lobby. She was a thin brunette. He guessed her to be about 40. She was medium height, relatively small chested with a nice ass. He found her to be quite attractive with straight hair falling just past her shoulder.

As she took her seat, Jim said nothing and tried to keep his glances discrete. They said nothing to each other. She requested a glass of wine and a menu. Not long after she had received her wine, the bar tender stopped by to ask Jim if he was ready to order his dinner. He asked for the crab cake. The brunette suddenly had a surprised look on her face and said she would like the crab cake also.

As the bar tender left, they both shared a sort of nervous laugh and Jim said "I guess great minds think alike." He was wishing he could pull the lame line back into his mouth when she just laughed and agreed.

He introduced himself. She said "Nice to meet you, Jim. I'm Maria." They made occasional small talk through dinner. They each learned where the other was from and why they were in town. They were each married. Jim, at 46, had been married for 16 years and Maria at 41 had him beat by a year.

After they finished eating and continued to drink, the conversation flowed more freely. They had begun to share more intimate information with each other as, with the help of alcohol and the freedom being far from home brings, they were letting their guard down. They had even touched on their marriage. What they liked and what they didn't. Jim started to think that Maria may be a little unhappy as she peppered him with questions about his wife and marriage. "She has probably had a little too much to drink he thought."

He was surprised when she suddenly blurted out "How's you sex life?" He stammered for a moment and she said "That good, huh? Sounds like mine." He was going to protest but realized that he really wasn't that happy with his sex life. It wasn't so much the act, although even that had become a little too routine. For him it was more about the frequency. It just wasn't happening often enough for him. While his wife would usually orgasm and seemed to enjoy herself, he sometimes felt she was only agreeing to have sex with him out of a sense of duty. It was like she was doing it because it was required of the marriage solid and not because she was into it.

Some of this came out in the conversation with Maria. Maria admitted that she was often not into it. It wasn't that she didn't like sex. It was that the sex had become dull. It was always the same and she had become bored. She missed the excitement and passion.

After a short lull in the conversation, Maria turned toward Jim and said, "I want to hear a man's opinion. What do you think of oral sex?"

Jim laughed and said "I'm for it."

Maria smiled and said, "No, I mean, how do you feel about performing it? I have friends that say their husbands do it for them. I find it hard to believe. My husband has never done it for me."

Jim was stunned. "Never?" Maria just shook her head. "Wow," Jim said, "that's terrible for you. That's something that my wife enjoys and to tell you the truth, I like doing it."

Now it was Maria's turn to be stunned. She couldn't believe that a man enjoyed it. She always thought that a man would do this just to make his partner happy. Jim assured her that he did, in fact, enjoy performing this act on his wife.

There was a short silence before the conversation slipped back into bland small talk. It was as if both of them suddenly felt like they had exposed too much. When the bar tender stopped by, Maria asked for the check. Jim was a little disappointed.

After she paid the check, Maria stood and turned toward Jim. She thrust out her hand and said, "It was nice to meet you, Jim." She then leaned forward and whispered into his ear, "I'm in room 613." With that, she strode out of the restaurant. Jim watched her ass as she left and was caught when she turned to look back just before turning the corner. They exchanged nervous smiles.

Jim sat stunned. He had never cheated on his wife despite the unhappiness he felt about their sex life. This situation was the classic stereotype of the husband away on business. Jim didn't like the idea of being a stereotype but he did find Maria to be very attractive. He debated whether or not he should go up to her room. He even started to tell himself that she may only want to talk some more but he knew better. He asked for his check.

Jim found himself standing outside room 613 feeling paralyzed. Inside, Maria was nervous. She couldn't decide if she wanted him to come or not. She was feeling a little guilty but at the same time she was feeling a sexual excitement that she hadn't felt in years. She heard a knock at the door and froze.

When she was able to move, she went to the door and looked through the peephole. There was Jim, looking as nervous as she was feeling. She managed to open the door, smiling broadly, and welcomed him into her room. Jim also smiling nervously entered.

Once inside, they both sort of stared at each other. They knew why she invited him up and why he came but neither was making the first move. Maria finally said, "I'm glad you decided to come up."

Jim replied, "So am I."

Maria nervously said, "I've never done anything like this before."

Jim said, "Neither have I" as he stepped toward her. 

They were standing very close when Jim touched Maria's shoulder. They both felt the tension begin to ease. Jim leaned forward and gently kissed Maria. After stepping back and looking into each other's eyes, they moved forward and were quickly locked in a passionate embrace. Their lips parted and their tongues were moving in a stead rhythm.

Jim's hands slid down Maria's back until he was squeezing that beautiful ass. As the excitement level ratcheted up, the nervousness and the guilt were disappearing. Soon, Maria was pulling at Jim's tie to get it off and unbuttoning his shirt. After his shirt was off, he removed her blazer, revealing a lacy, black bra which he quickly removed. His right hand went directly to her left breast while his left hand was still squeezing her ass. 

Maria was incredibly turned on and was pawing at his crotch, feeling his growing erection through his pants. Neither could believe the passion. 

Maria suddenly broke the kiss and pushed Jim away. Jim was caught by surprise. He couldn't believe she was stopping. He needn't worry. Maria stepped back and while giving him a look of pure desire, kicked off her shoes and unzipped her skirt, allowing it to fall to the floor. She was left in only her panties. Jim just stared at the beauty in front of him.

Maria said only, "Well?" and Jim broke from his trance and started to quickly remove his clothes until he was left in only his boxers.

They came back together and the feeling of skin on skin only heightened their desire. While never breaking the kiss, Jim lifted Maria and moved them to the bed where they proceeded to roll all around the bed, groping every part of their partner's body.

While Maria was on top, she suddenly sat up and grabbed Jim's waist band and yanked off boxers. She stared at Jim's erection while playing with his cock and balls for a few moments before leaning forward and taking him into her mouth. She couldn't remember the last time she had done this. She loved the feeling and taste.

Jim was in heaven. It had been ages since he had received any oral attention. The feeling of being in her mouth was beyond description. He didn't want to cum like this though. He wanted to enter her.

Jim gently pushed Maria from his cock. She looked at him questioningly but Jim just sat up, pushed her onto her back and tore off her panties. His mouth went first to one nipple and then to the other as his hand slowly slid up her thigh. When he the top, he let his fingers trail very gently over her lips and into her sparse pubic hair. 

Maria was already going crazy, writhing around on the bed, when Jim's mouth moved from her tits and started moving very slowly down her torso. Jim's kisses moved through her pubic area. He forcefully spread her legs apart and moved between them. Maria was shaking with anticipation. She let out a moan when his tongue slid between her lips.

Jim spread her lips with his fingers and plunged his tongue into her vagina. Maria was going crazy. Her juices were pouring out of her and Jim was lapping them up. He replaced his tongue with his finger and let his tongue move up to Maria's clit. He began steadily flicking her clit with his tongue while his finger moved in and out of her vagina. Maria's steady moans were converging into one, nonstop moan.

Maria couldn't believe the sensations she was feeling. She could feel her orgasm approaching. As she was peaking, she held her breath. Her whole body tensed. Her thighs clamped down on Jim's head. As one of the biggest orgasms she had ever felt took over her body, she moaned very loudly and kept on going. Jim now had two fingers in her and was sucking on her clit.

When she couldn't take any more, she pushed Jim's head away from her crotch. Her clit was now too sensitive to touch. She was panting. Jim moved up next to her smiling. She grabbed his head and started kissing him, tasting her own juices on his lips. This was another first for her

Maria pushed Jim onto his back, straddled him and guided his cock into her. She was so wet that he entered her completely. She slowly started to ride him, building up speed. She was slamming up and down on him lost in her own pleasure. Jim could feel his own orgasm slowly building but wanted to hold it off. He pushed her off of him.

She was sitting on the bed looking at him expectantly. He got up onto his knees and flipped her over, moving her onto her knees. He entered her form behind and after a few gentle thrusts, grabbed a hold of her hips and started to slam into her. While he was doing this, he reached up and pulled her hair. This sent her over the edge. She came again. Jim rode her through her orgasm but then couldn't hold out any longer. He let out a moan and emptied his balls into her.

They both collapsed onto the bed breathing heavily. They fell asleep and Jim was awoken by the shower at 6:30. He also needed to get cleaned up and check out. He knocked on the bathroom door and heard Maria tell him to come in. Just as he was walking in, the shower turned off. Maria grabbed a towel and opened the curtain. Jim couldn't help but admire her naked body again.

He told her he had to get to the airport. She understood. She gave him a hug, squeezing her naked body tightly against him. Neither said anything about exchanging contact information. They would each be the reason for the other's unexplained smile in the years ahead.

Jim slipped out to head back to his room to get ready to go. By the time he was dressed and ready, Maria was already at the airport.