 "Promise you'll call me when you get there?"

"Yes" I say, "I promise." I smile.

"Promise you won't forget?"

"Yes, baby. I love you. I'll call you when I get there." I tell my girlfriend, who of which I've been dating for two years now. Our non-sex relationship.

"You better call me when you get there." She says while getting high up on her toes to kiss me before I get on the train.

"I love you." I force out once more while adding another peck on her red lips.

"I love you too." She says.

I let go of her hands and pick my bags up from the ground and start to walk slowly towards the door of the train.

When I get there a man asks me for my ticket. I search through my pockets. While handing the ticket to him, I see my girlfriend watching me.

"Call me. Call me. Call me." I mimic over and over in my head. I roll my eyes when I'm no longer in her view. I'm so aggravated and it's only because I'm horny. Jerking off can only make a man so happy. It's not enough. I'm never satisfied.

I look for my seat as I walk up the row. There's a woman sitting in the seat next to mine looking in a small mirror of hers. She's fixing her hair and make up. I role my eyes and mudder under my breath, "Women,"

"Excuse me?" She says while closing her mirror softly. The clicking noise seemed louder than what it actually was.

Embarrassed, I slowly sit down in my seat and try to recover, "What?"

"Oh I see," She smiles as she's digging into her purse. "all of you are like that."

I don't dare say another word. She might go off on me a little louder. I didn't want that attention.

"You men just think you have all the control. Just because you have a penis," She looks me up and down then continues, "big or small, it doesn't mean you can rule women."

I try to find the words to say when she stops talking. Just when I gather a sentence together, she starts up again. It's all about how men apparently suck at life. I was honestly beginning to become amused by it.

She stops talking for over a minute. I take it as my que to speak, "We're sorry."

"We're?" She looks at me with a raised eye brow.

"Us men. We're sorry. For our penises, I mean. We don't mean it." I'll admit, I was trying to be a smartass.

"Are you trying to be funny?" She had no sign of a smile on her face.

I stare at her. Now I'm not going to lie, but she was a very attractive woman. I was a little, I guess, frightened of how aggressive she was. I didn't hate it.

"I..I..." I start to studder.

"You what?" She says with a straight face like she would kill me if I said the wrong thing to her.

"I...I think you have pretty eyes." I grin, hoping she aproves of my complement. I hadn't planned to say that until I noticed how green her eyes were. There was an odd design in each of them and I couldn't look away.

"Oh, qell, thank you." She smiles while lowering her head to stare at her lap, hoping I don't see her blush.

No we're getting somewhere.

I smile and sit back in my chair, guessing the rest of the ride will be peaceful and quiet.

Wrong.

"My name's Cara by the way,"

"Matt," I stick my hand out for her to shake. She stares at it for second.

"What? It's not going to bite. Just shake the damn thing," I laugh.

She smiles and finally takes my hand in hers. It was very soft, like a womans hands are supposed to feel. Now that I thought about it, my girlfriends hands weren't as soft, or soft at all.

I realise that I've drifted off to sleep. I open my eyes quickly and look around. It's dark outside of the train. Few lights are on from the other passengers inside with their cell phones or laptops.

I look over at Cara. She's sleeping with her face against to he window. Her pillow had fallen into her lap.

I lean over and pick the pillow up and try to put it between her face and the glass of the window. I watch as she moves her head away from the window and stares at me with confussion in her sleepy eyes. She strangly looked cute look at me like that.

"Uhh," I say. "Sorry. It didn't look very comfortable."

She raises another eye brow at me.

"I mean," I must have sounded dumb, "your pillow was on your lap and I thought it would be better than laying your head on the cold glass."

"Okay," Was all she said. Her voice was soft.

I awkwardly sit back in my chair.

I can see from the corner of my eye as she reaches for her purse to fix her hair and make up again.

"I'm going to the bathroom." I say while getting up quickly and rushing to the back of the train.

I knock on the door twice then walk in when I hear no one make a sound. I lock it behind me then turn the water on and splash it on my face to cool me down. It's almost 9:00 pm. I dry my face then turn to the toilet and unzip my pants. I didn't realise how full my bladder was. That was probably why my dick felt weird before I got up from my chair. It hadn't felt like that in a while though. I didn't think anything of it. I wash my hands and dry them then exit the bathroom.

When I get back to my seat there's a man sitting in my there talking with Cara. I stand there for awhile, hopeing she sees me, but she keeps talking to the man.

I get impatient and tap on the mans shoulder. He turns his head and looks at me, "Yes?"

"You're in my seat." This guy didn't know how aggravated I really was. I just needed to get off this train and jerk off. I would feel so much better.

"I don't see your name on it." He says, very rudely. I reminded me of a small child.

I look at Cara, wondering when she's going to at least tell this man that it's my seat. I watch as she smiles at me. The man looks away from me and smiles at Cara.

She puts her hand on his chest and whispers into his ear.

What ever it was, I don't have a clue, but it made him get up from my seat. I watch her as she watches him walk back to his seat. I sit down slowly with a bad attitude building up inside me still.

I can feel Cara looking at me. I think she's going to say something to me, but she doesn't.

"Who was that?" I ask all of a sudden.

"I don't know. Some guy,"

"What is this some guy?"

"What?" She smiles at me. "Why?"

"I don't know. He doesn't look like your type," Where was I going with this?

"Who are you to say he's not my type? You don't even know my type." She sits back in her chair.

"I mean, he wasn't bad looking or anything but,"

"Of course he wasn't." She interupts. "He was cute."

"But," I continue. "I see you with another type of guy. Not him."

"What type?" She asks as she twirls her curly blond hair on one finger.

"If you're asking me, well, my type." I look away from her for a second at a the boy across from me playing a game on his phone.

"Why, what's your type?"

"No. I mean, me." I look back.

"You?" She raises both of her eye brows this time. Now she was really listening.

I nod my head while she stares me down. I was waiting for rejection, or maybe even approval.

"You?" She says again.

"Yes, me." I smile.

Remembering those words, "Call me. Call me. Call me." I can't believe I've forgotten all about my girlfriend. I stop smiling.

"I'll think about it." She smiles while putting her pillow up against the window and laying her head on it.

"What did I just do?" I think to myself. I look Cara up an down. I start to become very aroused by the figure and curve of her body. I quickly look away to control myself. I was starting to be a very bad boy.

I find myself drifting off to sleep again. I don't try to stop and wake myself though. I let it take me over.

"Matt," I hear my name being echoed through my thoughts. It almost sounded like moaning. Was that moaning? Was I having sex? It didn't feel like I was having sex.

"Matt," The moaning began to turn into just a normal voice. Someone starts shaking me back and forth.

"Matt!" I open my eyes quickly to find Cara looking at me with her purse and bags in her hands.

"Get up,"

"Where are we?" I ask, looking around at others. I look down and all of my clothes are still on me. I was surpised I didn't have a boner.

"On a trian. Now get up. We're getting off," She demands.

"Both of us?" I ask while picking up my bags and rubbing my eyes.

"Yes now go," She pushes me up to the door of the train where a lot of other people are getting off also. It's so crowded I can feel her breasts on my back.

She brushes her body past mine so she can walk in front of me. While she moves past me, her thigh gently rubs against my croch. I contain the moan that almost slips out. Not noticing before, but she was wearing a black skirt. A short black skirt. She was killing me little by little. I try to keep my bag infront of my pants to keep my almost half erect hard on from anyones sight.

She grabs hold of my hand and pulls me into the train station. I have no idea what's going on or where I am. We walk all the way through the station then out a back door.

She looks around then drops her bags on the ground. She slowly starts making her way over to me then pushes me up against the wall and starts to kiss my neck. I drop all of my things also. She then turns around and pushes her ass against my croch. I feel my cock in between her ass cheeks. This makes me harder.

I gentely place my hands on her waist as she rubs her body against mine, dragging my boner on and on.

She faces me again then starts to unbutton her shirt, reveling her black laced braw to me. I quickly grab her hands to make her stop.

"What's wrong?" She asks.

"I can't do this?" I say. I cursed at myself for stopping her. My hard on was now a full 9" cock, riding down my thigh, waiting to be pulled out of my pants for a good fuck.

"Why not?"

"I just can't," I had no excuse.

"It's not like you have a girlfriend or anything," She smiles while kissing my neck again.

And there it was, my excuse. I hated my excuse. The blood still rushing to my dick was only making this entire situation worse. "I actually do have a girlfriend,"

She stops kissing my neck and backs away from me.

"Oh?" She fixes her lipstick and wipes some of it off of my face. "But what was that about back on the train? I thought you were flirting with me." She now notices the buldge in my pants.

"I was." I try to calm my breathing down.

"So you thought I'd just be some fling of yours?"

"No! Not a fling. I just,"

"You just wanted one night of sex!"

"No," I was sweating now.

"Then what?"

"I'm attracted to you." Even though I would have said anything to her at this point, it was the truth that I thought she was very attractive.

She looks at me for quite some time while buttoning her shirt back up. I now realised this wasn't going to happen and I felt the pressure in my pants loosen. My cock had given up hope as well.

"That still doesn't make it right that you were willing to cheat on your girlfriend." She says while picking up her bags and walking back into the station.

"But I stopped you!" I pick up my bags and follow her.

"You were flirting with me!" She walks faster.

"I know it's just...personal stuff."

"What are you saying?" She stops and looks at me.

"Can we at least talk in private."

"No," She starts walking again. "I don't even know if I trust you at all now."

"What does trust have to do with it?" I walk along side her.

"It has everything to do with it, dumbass."

She was really calling me names. She wanted to fuck back there just as much as I had. Maybe this wasn't about to end before it started, "Where are you going?" I ask her while trying to keep up with her pace.

"Back on the train," She was trying to get away from me. If I got her alone again, things would be different.

When we step back out of the station, the train is gone.

"Where is it?" I ask. She doesn't answer me.

"Cara, come on let's go back inside and ask when the next train is coming." I nudge at her arm.

"No," She says stubbernly.

"No?" I ask.

"Come on," She starts walking in another direction.

"Where are we going?"

"Just follow me."

I do what she says; follow her. As I'm behind her I can't help but watch her walk. The way she walks completely turns me on. Noticing the string of her thong edgeing its way out of the top of her skirt, I smile. I had a feeling she knew it was visible, and she knew she was teasing me.

"Cara. Can we stop for a few minutes?" I try to teady my breathing once again.

"No we're almost there."

"Where exactly is there?"

"You'll find out." She wasn't acting like she was mad anymore. It was like it was before she found out I had a girlfriend. My hopes were rising along with something else in my pants.

We walk for a few more minutes then I notice we're coming upon a building with read letters on the top of it. I can't quite make out what it says. I see Cara look at me out of the corner of my eye. I look at her too and smile.

"Hurry, come on." She says while walking a bit faster. She was walking a little different now. Almost like she had to pee. And that thought oddly turned me on. A girl I used to mess around with a long time ago said it felt good when she pressed on her bladder when she had to pee. She said it almost felt like she was about to have an orgasm. I didn't believe her. It sounded unreal. I ended up having sex with her quiet a few times and she made me put my hand on her stomach while I fucked her pussy. She said it felt good when my cock was forced downward each time I thrusted into her. Plus, it was nice feeling my cock inside her like that.

I can now make out what the red letters say, 'Motel'.

I look at Cara in amazment. My cock jerks from Cara's sudden urge to bring me here. She hated me just 10 minutes ago. When we get to the front doors of the motel, she walks in first. I repostion my growing dick in my pants then follow slowly behind her.

"One room please," She says to the old man behind the counter.

I start to look around the lobby, trying to look at anything but Cara's thong still sliding out at the top of her skirt. I noticed it was the same color as her bra.

The old man gives Cara a key to the room then she starts to head out of the motel. I follow her quickly.

She turns to the right and starts going up some stairs. Watching her ass did it to me. My cock was growing harder by the second, and fast. I could feel sweat forming at the top of my forehead.

When she stops at a door, she starts putting the key into the whole. I get close up behind her so she can feel the buldge in my pants agaisn't her ass. She starts to laugh while opening the door.

She steps into the room and drops her bags then turns around to see how hard I have become. I watch as she smiles then sits on the bed and takes her black high heels off. I slowly walk into the room and shut the door behind me then drop my bags beside hers.

"What are you waiting for?" She asks in a playful voice.

I smile as I walk closer to the bed. I watch her as she wraps her legs around my waist and pulls me closer to her so my cock is up her skirt pressed to her pussy through her thong. The warmth lets me know that she's wet and ready.

I start taking my shirt off quickly while she pulls me even closer to her body, having me feel the warmth of her pussy on my croch.

I throw it to the floor then start moving my hand gracefully up her leg. I finally reach that thong I've been wanting to touch. I start pulling it down slowly as she leans up to me and starts kissing me. I stop pulling her thong down and go for her neck. Wanting her nipple in my mouth, I slowly kiss further down, hoping she doesn't reject my move.

I pull the strap of her tank top down with my teeth. She pulls the other one down with her hand. I go back up and start kissing her neck again, feeling her put her hands on the back of my neck while brushing her fingers through my hair. I slowly go back down to her neck, giving little kisses until I reach the top of her breast. I slide my tongue down it. Wanting to reach her nipple.

Suddenly, my pocket vibrates right when I'm going to cover my mouth over her nipple. I jump and hold my pocket then move away from Cara.

"Why'd you stop?"

"My phone." I walk over to the window and open it. "Hello?"

"You didn't call me?"

"Baby," my eyes widden and I hold the phone tighter. I glance back at Cara's naked body on the motel bed. "I am so sorry. I forgot. I'm sorry."

"Yeah. You did. Didn't you?" She wasn't happy. If only she knew exactly what I was doing.

"Baby, really. I'm sorry. I forgot."

"You told me you would call me and that you wouldn't forget,"

"I know but,"

"You had better things to do then pick up your phone and call me for at least a few seconds?"

I can hear Cara get up from the bed and walk over to me. She puts her hands around my waist and tries to pull me back over to the bed.

"Come on, forget about the phone." She giggles.

"What was that?" My girlfriend pauses.

"What was what?" I hold Cara's hands away from me and hold my breath.

"That voice."

"What voice?" Holy shit.

"Matthew, you better tell me what's going on right now!" She yells.

"Baby, nothing. What's your problem?"

She rambles on about something while I look down to find Cara's hand in my lap heading straight for my cock. I grab her hand quickly, not wanting her to make me moan.

She starts biting at my waist. I try to move away but she doesn't let me. I let go of her hand and turn around and cover the phone.

"Cara, please, hang on." I beg.

She smiles a playful smile and lays on the floor while looking up at me. She grabs hold of both of her breats then squeezes at her nipples.

"You never do anything for me anymore, Matt." I listen to my girlfriend again as she tries to argue with me.

I notice Cara starts moving her foot up my leg, inching closer and closer to my almost fulling erect cock.

I don't stop her though. I can feel her toes rubing on my balls now, pressing me, urging me to close the phone.

"Baby," I breathe heavily. "I'm going to have to call you back." I close the phone quickly, put it on silent, then set it on the table.

I grab Cara's foot and start moving my way down on the floor with her. She starts smiling as I do so.

She pulls me close to her face and moves her lips to my ear and whispers, "Fuck me."

I look at her while rubbing her right breast. She tells me again, "Fuck me, now."

I don't waste any time at all and start caressing her nipple between my lips, nibbleing softly. She pulls away from me and starts taking off her thong. While she does this, I take off my pants, having nothing but my boxers on. I look back at her. I pause and study ger body carefully. Taking it all in.

"Are you going to be taking those off?" She asks while tugging at my boxers.

I pull them down a few inches, showing off more of my v cut abs then start kissing her again. I feel her hands slid down my back then meet with the top of my boxers. She starts pulling them down slowly. I smile as I slid my hand up her thigh gently, sending chill bumbs up her back.

She pushes me away again and slides out from beneath me and makes her way onto the bed while spreading her legs for me. I get up and take my boxers all the way off, letting them fall to the floor.

I cover my body over hers and drive my lips to her neck. She rejects my move. Putting her hands on each side of my neck, she pulls my face to hers and kisses me, sucking at my bottom lip agressivly.

Still rushing my hand up her thigh further, I soon find her clit. I brush my fingers over it, making her whisper out a moan for me to continue. I spread her legs a little farther apart as I move higher above her. I put my hands on each side of her body and lock my arms. I slowly slide the tip of my cock into her.

Everything goes quiet for those three seconds of entering her. Then her moan escapes her hard breathing. I keep in rythem while grinding with her, wanting to hit a certain point, wanting to drive her crazy inside. I can feel sweat escaping from me again, rushing from the tips of my hair to her breasts, sliding past her hard nipples, then rushing down onto the bed sheets.
