 Jeez, it's been a while, she thought, I have got to get some dick.

She started to get ready to go out. She pulled out her outfit for the night; skin-tight jeans that hugged all the right places, and a little white t-shirt that showed everything it was supposed to. She grabbed her towel and headed to the shower. As she turned the water on and let it run for a minute, she checked herself out in the mirror. At 29, she certainly didn't look her age, with her short blonde hair and deep brown eyes. She was 5'7", certainly not too tall, with a perfect, all over complexion. 

She got into the shower, washed her hair. She got her favorite body wash and generously lathered her body. As she took the shower head down to rinse herself, she felt the feeling. She finished rinsing herself, sat on the floor of the shower and spread her legs. Reaching down with her free hand, she spread her pussy lips wide. Putting the showerhead to her pussy, she started to masturbate herself with the waterstream. She leaned her head back against the wall of the shower and closed her eyes, imagining a scene of the last porno she watched. As the feelings started to build, she turned the showerhead to "pulse." As the scene in her head got more interesting, the feelings in her pussy started to increase, until she finally exploded. Damn, she thought, so not the same as with a dick.

She finished her shower, got out and toweled off. Fixing her hair and make-up, she then got dressed.

On her way to the bar, she thought that what she needed was a one-night-stand. She decided she was going to take the hottest guy in the bar home with her tonight. She had to have some dick. As the night progressed and she was hanging with the girls, she danced a few dances with a few guys, but none of them lit a fire in her, which should have happened considering how they danced. As she went up to the bar to get another drink, she turned around and her heart stopped. 

There he was. The most gorgeous guy she had ever seen. At least 6 foot, he had a muscular build, but not ripped, black hair, and lord she needed to see what color his eyes were. He looked right at her, winked, and walked over to his friends. After she got her vodka tonic, she walked back over to her friends.

"Look. Over by the dart boards. The tall guy with black hair."

"Lord have mercy, I think I'm in love," her best friend teased her.

"Back off, he's mine," she teased back.

The rest of the night, she kept sneaking little glances in his direction, only to find that he was staring at her too. Finally he was alone, and she got the nerve to go talk to him.

She held out her hand. "Hi. My name is Cheri. How are you?"

"I'm as fantastic as you look, Cheri. My name's Beau." Lord have mercy, she was going to faint. 

He was even more gorgeous up close. He had the most incredible clear blue eyes, and a deep voice with a southern drawl. As he took her hand to shake it she realized just how big he really was.

"So do you want to get out of here, Beau, and get to know each other better?" Lord did she really say that?

"Would love to." 

"We can take my car."

As she drove to her apartment, they talked about mundane things, local sports, the weather. As they got out of the car, he grabbed her, pressed her back against the car, and kissed her. An open mouth, wet ass kiss, which left her breathless and weak-kneed. "Sorry. I've wanted to do that all night," he said.

"Quite all right," she said in a whisper. She took his hand and led her to her apartment. Once inside, she pushed him down on the couch, climbed on top of him and kissed him another open mouthed, wet ass kiss.

He touched her gently on her sides, slowly lifting her shirt, over her stomach, over her breasts, over her head. He threw it across the room. Then he reached back with one hand and undid her bra, taking it off as well to follow her shirt. He reached up and cupped both breast, lightly teasing her nipples. She started to squirm. He tore his mouth away from hers, and took one nipple into his mouth, sucking on it. Then moved to the twin to give it the same attention.

When she couldn't take anymore of this attention, she started to pull at his shirt to get it off him. God she needed to feel skin-on-skin. She finally got his shirt over his head, only to have him lift her up in his arms and ask her where her bed was. She told him and when he got there, he lowered her onto the bed, coming over her to kiss her again. Jeez, he can kiss, she thought. She brought up both of her hands and placed them on his smooth chest, stroking it, over to his shoulders, down his arms, to his waist. Then she reached down and undid his belt, his jeans button, his zipper. She reached her hand into his pants to stroke the very heat of him. She stretched her hands back to his ass and started to push his jeans down. He sensed what she needed, sat up and took the rest of his clothes off, then took hers off as well. She sat up and looked at him. Lord he was beautiful. He was tall, but everything was in proportion.

He looked at her, "So why did you bring me back here?"

"I needed some dick," she said boldly.

"Well, here it is. What are you going to do with it?"

She licked her lips, got up and walked over to him. She kissed him full on the mouth, teasing him with her tongue. She reached down and lightly touched the tip of his dick with her fingers, then wrapping her hand around him; she started to stroke him from base to tip. She slowly lowered to her knees, kissing her way down his body, nipping with her teeth. When she finally got to her knees, she looked at the object of her fascination. He was larger than any guy she had ever been with, but not too large. 

She looked up at him, saw he was waiting anxiously for what she was going to do. She kissed the tip, and then ran her along the underside of his dick; starting by his balls and ending at the very tip, where she swirled her tongue around it before finally taking him in her mouth. She started slow, letting the anticipation build. She took as much as she could, slowly releasing him, then starting over again. She really enjoyed giving guys head, and it showed. Her enthusiasm for it was starting to mount. Her pace quickened, her grip tightened; then suddenly she reached her right hand and cupped his balls, gently tickling. She pressed her thumb to the sensitive spot underneath his balls that she knew would drive him crazy. As her head bobbed up and down she stroked this spot in time with her movements until he finally couldn't take anymore. 

He pulled her to her feet. "Your turn now." He pushed her up against the wall bent down and took one nipple in his mouth, sucking strongly, while his other hand was pinching her other nipple. Then he switched the attention. Suddenly he dropped to his knees, pulled her legs apart, shoved one leg over his shoulder, and kissed her pussy. He licked from the back to the front. She thought her legs were going to give out on her. He grabbed her by the ass to hold her still and buried his face deep in her pussy. He licked, he bit, he sucked. Lord he couldn't get enough of the way she tasted. Finally he shoved two fingers into her dripping pussy, clamped his lips around her clit, and sucked for all her was worth. Her climax was instant. She came, and came, and came. She had never experienced anything like it before. She fell to the floor. Her legs just couldn't hold her anymore.

He lifted her up and laid her on the bed. He came down over her and kissed her. "How do you like the way you taste?"

"I love it."

"Hang on." He went to his jeans, then came right back. He hovered over her, lifted her hips, and then slowly entered her.

Her eyes closed of their own free will. She wrapped her arms around his back and held on.

He started slowly, pulling all the way out, then all the way in. Lord she felt good. After a few minutes he increased his speed. Her hands stroked up and down his back. She just held on for the ride. Then without ever leaving her, she found herself on top. She sat there for a second savoring the feel of the new position, and how deep he was, then she started to move. Up. Down. Up. Down. She stayed down and ground her pelvis into his, which sent him even deeper into her. He met her every thrust. She reached down and rubbed her clit, riding him faster and faster as her climax approached. She exploded. She couldn't even keep her pace anymore, so he lifted her and pounded her from the bottom. She yelled with her pleasure and she soaked his dick with her cum.

She fell over to the side and looked at him through her lashes. "That was fantastic."

"Oh, I haven't even come yet, sweetheart. This isn't over."

He rolled her onto her stomach, lifted her hips into the air, and entered her from behind. She whimpered from the pleasure. She didn't think she could take too much more of this. Then he pulled out stuck his middle finger into her, then reentered. Before she knew what was happening, he was teasing her asshole with his finger. He started to push a little. Realizing she wasn't protesting, he shoved his middle finger, wet with her own cum, deep into her, the whole time pounding away from the back. It took a minute, because she wanted to savor the feeling, but she eventually came. The feel of her climax finally sent him over the edge. He shoved into her, grunting with his release. Finally sated, he pulled out of her. She collapsed with her exhaustion.

"Did you like that sweetheart?"

She didn't even have the strength to answer him. She just nodded her head and closed her eyes, and lifted her finger as if to say "Give me a minute."

He laid down next to her, pulled her into his arms. From that moment started a beautiful sexual relationship. So much for a one night stand.