 I awoke with a start, unsure of what had disturbed me, but immediately conscious of the warm, heavy weight of a male body against me and a full bladder. Memories returned in a heated rush and I smiled, nestling my ass back against Patrick and enjoying the sensual rush of pleasure. But, my body insisted on another type of relief so I shifted carefully away from him, trying not to disturb his slumber. Patrick's firm lips released a sigh and his arm tightened around my waist so I paused, watching his face for signs that he was waking. Waiting a brief moment, I tugged his hand and slid out from beneath his arm, sliding carefully off the bed before padding to the washroom.

After relieving myself and washing up, I spotted a terry robe on the back of the door. Donning it, I left the small room, stopping in the doorway to peruse the room before me. A chest of drawers, a ladder-back chair, a comfortable armchair and the bed were all the room contained. My perusal stopped at the bed where Patrick still slumbered, his fine, firm ass on display for me. I had often wondered at the body beneath his clothes and I was not disappointed. He shifted on the bed, sliding his top leg over and the muscles on his back moved, drawing my eyes. He was all too fuckable!

I knew this had to be his house; where else would he have taken me? Spotting a window with a heavy curtain covering it, I walked over and lifted it. The sun was hovering beneath the horizon, but dawn was ready to break and I was glad it was Saturday. Envisioning a day spent in more carnal pleasures, I grinned, dropping the curtain and headed for the only other door, surmising it lead upstairs. 

The door at the top of the stairs opened to a kitchen. Patrick's kitchen, I knew from a previous visit. I was happy to learn my previous thoughts were correct and he had taken me to his home. The curtains were open, the dawn-lightened sky revealing the clean, organized counters, sturdy table and chairs as well as a coffee pot. I found coffee in the first cupboard I opened, again noting the clean organization, and quickly started a pot. 

As I stood by the counter, waiting to mainline the first cup, I rolled my shoulders, noting the twinges as I did. Stretching my arms over my head, more twinges made themselves known and I couldn't wipe the smile off my head at how they had been acquired. As I lowered them, hard male arms snaked around my waist, pulling me backwards. I wrapped my arms around his and leaned back.

"Good morning." Patrick murmured against my hair, rubbing his unshaven jaw against me. I responded, slightly breathlessly as I tilted my head back and he swooped down, his mouth open against my shoulder as the robe parted. He trailed them up my neck and I sighed, barely noticing as his hands made short work of the tie in front. His teasing nibbles along my jaw caused new tingles to run along my nerves and I gasped as he suddenly cupped my breasts, his fingers plucking my hard nipples. A tremor ran through my body as he pulled me more firmly against him and I felt his hard cock prodding my ass through the robe. 

Twisting my head, I captured his lips with mine, thrusting my tongue between them and he responded, meeting my challenge with his own. His fingers tightened almost painfully on my nipples, pulling them harder and I revelled in the sensations. The pain caused pleasure to sear heat between my nipples and my pussy, wringing a gasp from me as moisture gathered there. Taking advantage, Patrick thrust his tongue against mine, wresting back control of the kiss. 

Turning me to face him, he pushed the robe off my shoulders, our mouths never parting. I felt his hard cock prodding my belly and I pushed against it, trapping it between us and rubbing my body against his. Patrick growled low in his throat as his hands slid down, cupping my ass and pulling me up against him firmly. Pictures flew through my mind of all the lovely clean surfaces in that kitchen and all I wanted was for him to choose one and fuck me any way he wanted. I clasped his shoulders, nails digging in as I slid one leg up his hair-roughened one, trying to lift myself.

Patrick grinned against my lips. "Does my sweet, sexy slut need a good fucking?" He slid his hands down, fingers slipping down between my ass cheeks to probe my pussy. "God, you're so wet." He pulled his mouth off mine, kissing my closed lids briefly. I could only stand there, as he slid one thick finger inside me. Gasping, my eyes flew open to find him staring at me with speculation. He knew how much I wanted him and I could feel his cock telling me the same about him. My eyebrow arched and a slow smile spread across my lips.

Withdrawing his finger, Patrick smiled back and I knew I had won and was in for another fucking. He slid his hands up my back to my shoulders, squeezing them lightly. One hand moved to my leg, hooked around his, and he gently pushed it down, before returning to my shoulder. My smile faded, confused by his actions, but willing to adjust as I pressed against him again, moving against his trapped cock. He closed his eyes, shook his head briefly, then suddenly pushed against my shoulders, pushing me down. 

"On your knees, slut." Patrick growled the words as my knees hit the floor, his hard cock waving in front of my face. "You'll get fucked, but on my terms." He was returning to the persona of last night and, heavens, did this turn me on! Even without the blindfold and ties, it was the control in his voice that caused new juices to flood my pussy. I felt the slow drip as they ran down my inner thighs, licking my lips as I eyed his cock. 

I hadn't had a chance to see it last night so my eyes drank their fill. It was thick and long, befitting a large man like Patrick, nestled in a bed of dark curly hair, his balls hanging below. A drop of liquid seeped from the slit of the thick mushroomed head and I leaned forward to lap it up. I heard his quick intake of breath and his hand fell heavily on my head, running down my hair. I looked up through my lashes, lapping the slit again. His features were hard with need and something else that thrilled me. 

"What do you want me to do?" I ran my tongue over his cock head. "Sir?" I knew I was being impudent and wondered if he would react to that. I put my hands on my thighs, leaning back a little and licking my lips, waiting for his next move.

Patrick considered me, his eyes wandering over my face and I could see the gears in his head turning. I knew his decision had been made when his hand on my head closed around my hair, tugging my head back almost painfully. He smiled, but it had a cruel edge and I held my breath, hoping. 

"Suck my cock," He gave the command quietly, firmly, his hand twisting in my hair to push my head forward. "Do it well and I will fuck you, understand?" I nodded. "If I'm not pleased with how you do it, even if I come, you will not be pleased." Thrills sped up and down my spine at his words, his command and his promise. I wanted him to fuck me, but at the same time, I knew his punishment would be equally intense.

Jerking my head back by my hair, he forced me to look at him again. "You will not be pleased. Do you understand?" I nodded and he pulled my hair painfully, letting me understand that I wasn't obeying. Gasping, I quickly complied: "Yes, Sir, I understand." He nodded once, loosening his hold on my hair. 

Leaning forward, I kissed the tip of his cock, my tongue probing the slit. I grasped the base firmly with one hand, opening my mouth wider, sliding it over his cock head. I swirled my tongue around and around, sliding my hand up and down the shaft. Feeling the hot, silky skin pulling against my hand, I pulled my mouth off his cock and looked up at Patrick as I licked the palm of my hand before wrapping my fingers more firmly around his cock and pumping it slowly. 

Keeping my eyes raised to him, I took his cock head in my mouth again, my lips closed tight around it as I created a suction between us. Running my tongue around the underside, I probed the sensitive edges and my reward was more juices. My cheeks hollowed as I began sucking just the head, bobbing back and forth as my tongue searched for more. I stroked his cock from the base up to meet my lips, keeping a strong rhythm. I could feel the connection between our eyes like a palpable thing and knew he was enjoying this. 

Patrick placed both hands back on my head, stroking my hair gently for a moment, then grasping firmly. I only had a moment to wonder before he thrust his cock deeply into my mouth, his hands holding me so I had no choice but to take it. He withdrew slightly, then thrust again, harder, forcing his cock deeper, ignoring my gagging as I tried to adjust. My eyes watered, tears leaking out and I could feel my face, hot and red, as his thick cock pushed deeper. 

Realizing what he wanted, I tried again, relaxing my throat and sliding my mouth along his cock, taking him in deeper. My mouth was stretched tight around his thickness, my tongue pressing up against the underside as I slid back and then forward again. I felt a thrill of victory as my lips met my own fingers at the base of his cock and knew I had taken his whole length inside by myself. I could do this!

Patrick groaned above me. "Fuck, yeah, take me deep, slut. That's it, harder!" His words spurred me on as much as my position. I felt such primal lust, on my knees, letting this man control my actions, that I could have come then and there. But, oh, how I wanted to make him come first! Cupping his balls in my other hand, I sucked his cock deep, letting my mouth slide back to the tip, teasing the edges with my tongue before taking him deep again. 

Keeping one hand on my head, Patrick grasped the counter with the other. His whole body was trembling and covered in a fine sheen of sweat. Our eyes never broke contact as I gently squeezed his balls, my head bobbing back and forth, his cock sliding between my lips. I didn't know I could be so turned on by just giving a blow job! My entire being was focused solely on giving him as much pleasure as possible. 

I felt his balls tighten, his sac drawing them up and knew he was close to coming. Doubling my efforts, I tightened my fingers around the base of his cock and slid them up and down the hard shaft, following the actions of my mouth. I kept my suction hard as I moved faster, my head bobbing in quick rhythm as his cock moved in and out, the tip tickling my throat then almost pulling out of my lips. 

Patrick tightened his grip on my head, at first just moving with the rhythm. I saw his mouth slacken as the pleasure grew intense. Letting go of the counter, he grasped my head again, fingers sliding through my hair to press against my scalp. Without warning, he began thrusting harder, pushing his cock in deeper, using my mouth as he face-fucked me mercilessly. I was helpless to move and could do nothing by take his cock pounding in and out of my open mouth, his balls slamming against my chin. 

I grasped Patrick's thighs, my nails digging in as my throat worked, his cock pushing in and out with quick thrusts. I could only try to keep sucking, keep my tongue pressed up against him as his motions grew hard and frantic. His triumphant yell hit my ears at the same time as hot spurts of liquid hit my throat. Desperately, I swallowed, laving my tongue against his cock as he kept it thrust deep. His hips jerked back and then forward and he rammed even deeper, his hands holding my head steady. I swallowed hard, digging my nails deeper as if to hold him in place so he couldn't take his cock away from me. 

As the last drops trickled down my throat, Patrick slumped forward slightly, his grasp lessening as he stroked my hair again. Eager to please, I drew back and forth, letting his softening cock slide easily. Reaching again to hold it, I let the head pop out of my mouth and Patrick shuddered. Teasingly, I licked around the head, creating a new burst of shudders within him. I felt it then. My power. His control gave me the power.