 She was just looking to drown her sorrows. She drained the shot in one gulp, her fifth since she'd recently arrived at the club. Her eyes scanned the sea of faces, her features hardened by her anger toward her ex. She had walked in on him just a few hours ago, found him in bed with his high school flame.

She searched the crowd of dancers for just the right guy to take her mind off him, even if it was only for the night. No, not him. Too skinny. That one's too short. Eww, he's ugly.

"Another shot please," she told the bartender. He set it in front of her and she put her money on the bar before downing that one too.

"You'd better slow down," he warned. She scoffed at him before returning to her search. Maybe a prospect. No, he had a ring. She might be up for a one-night stand, but she wasn't a homewrecker. Besides, if he was dumb enough to leave it on...

Ah, he might be worth a chance. She spotted a man across the room who made her catch her breath. He was fairly tall with dirty blond hair and striking green eyes. He had on loose khakis and a black shirt. He was grinding with an unfortunately good looking blond, but she didn't look like she'd be too hard to get rid of.

Bri walked toward the pair and started grinding with a guy directly in his sight. He immediately looked at her. She flashed him her most amazing smile and proceeded to ignore his stares. As usual, her method worked. Within minutes, she felt his hands on her hips, pulling her back toward him. She spun around to face him, leaving her previous partner to find someone else.

She raised her eyebrows at him when he pulled her to him. He put one leg between hers and they started to grind. The blood pulsed in her ears to the beat of the music as his hands slid down her hips and around to her ass. He pulled her even closer until not even the smallest amount of air could pass between them. Her hands rested on his hard, muscular chest and broad shoulders.

"I'm Lance," his deep voice echoed in her ear.

"Bri," she replied.

They were silent for awhile, just enjoying the music and the heat their bodies were generating, mingled with that of the bodies around them. At one point she turned back around to grind with her previous partner, Lance still grinding with her from behind.

Eventually Lance grabbed her hand and led her out to his car. By then she had downed several more shots and was beyond tipsy. When he tried to put her in the front seat she objected.

"I can drive," she stumbled forward and Lance caught her. "Hehe, I can drive myself home," she insisted.

"I'd feel better if I took you home," he assured her as he buckled her in. "Where do you live?" There was silence. "Bri?" He turned to look at her. The alcohol had taken its toll and she had passed out. "All right, I guess you'll stay with me," he sighed as he started the car. He parked his Toyota 4-Runner in the garage and carried her into the house.

"Where am I?" she asked as she slowly came to.

"My place."

"Oh," she giggled. "I thought maybe someone stole all of my cheap stuff and replaced it with this!"

"So I see you think you're funny when you're drunk." He set her down on his bed and pulled a big shirt out of his closet. "Do you think you can change okay by yourself?"

She looked at him innocently. "Maybe you'd better help me." He sighed as he walked over and helped her pull her shirt off. "Your turn," she giggled. Before he could stop her she had pulled his shirt off too. She tossed it to the floor before kissing him passionately.

He started to object but the alcohol, mixed with the situation, had dulled his thought too. He kissed her back fiercely s he reached behind her to unfasten her bra. Her breasts were perfect, and he pushed her back on the bed as he moved down her body to fully appreciate them. His large hands and long fingers gently massaged one as his mouth assaulted the other. Hands running up and down his strong back, she occasionally stopped to play with his spiky hair, moaning at the sensations he was giving her.

He loved hearing her moans and wanted more. Placing feather-light kisses on her stomach, he ran his hands up and down her thighs. Looking up to find her head back and eyes closed, enjoying what he was doing, he wanted to hear her scream.

One hand, then the other, slid beneath her skirt. He smiled when he ran his hands across her pelvis, finding that she wasn't wearing any underwear. It pleased him even more to hear her gasp when he ran one finger over her hot center. He rubbed her clit for a few minutes before ramming three fingers into her. She screamed at the surprise, pleasure, and pain it caused her.

"Damn Bri, you're so tight and hot," he growled in her ear as he kissed behind it, making her clench even harder on his fingers. He started pulling them out and then ramming them back into her as hard as he could. His other hand still massaged her clit, and it didn't take long for her to arch her back and come, bucking her hips wildly against him.

Pulling his hand up, he pushed one finger into her mouth. The way she licked it caused his growing bulge to become uncomfortable. As he reached down to readjust himself he was stopped by her hand. Expertly her slender fingers unzipped his fly and undid the button. In one swift move she pulled off his khakis and boxers, leaving his throbbing member erect, waiting for her attention. She kissed him passionately, roughly dueling with his tongue while she ran her hand up and down his long cock.

"That's not fair," he said as he pulled her skirt off.

"All's fair in love and war," she said.

He caught his breath when she hesitantly flicked her tongue across his engorged head. His hand urged her to take him in further the instant her lips closed around him. She raked her teeth up and down his shaft painstakingly slow. As she sped up, so did his breathing, until he felt like he might pass out from a lack of oxygen. She swallowed every drop he gave her as his hips bucked toward her mouth a final time.

She moved back up and kissed a trail from his mouth to his ear. "I want to feel you in me. I want to feel every inch of you, hard and fast, right," she paused to suck on his earlobe, "now."

Not needing any further persuasion, he grabbed her legs and put them over his shoulders. One hand rubbed her clit while the other fondled her chest. He looked straight into her eyes before running his entire length into her. A single tear rolled down her cheek and she let out a small whimper. The pain was excruciating. Never before had she been with anyone the size of him, and she hadn't expected him to fill her so completely. He stopped for a minute to let her adjust.

"Are you okay?" he asked. She nodded slowly before leaning up to kiss him. "Good," he said, "because I'm going to fuck you like never before," he told her with a devilish grin.

He started out slowly, using his arms to keep her from bucking her hips. Slowly he let one leg, then the other, fall from his shoulders. She wrapped them around his waist, trying to pull him even further into her. Her arms pulled his head to hers, searching for a kiss. Instead he used one arm to pull hers above her head, giving him full access to her chest. He bit one of her nipples hard enough to make her scream, bringing a smile to his lips.

"That's more like it," he said. Picking up the pace, he shoved first one, then two fingers into her as well. She moaned at the way he was stretching her, knowing it would be hard to walk the next day. He let her get almost to her climax then stopped.

"Why did you stop?" she panted.

"I want to see your eyes when I give you that much pleasure," he told her.

Once her breathing was back to normal he started the same process over. He tormented her like this several times before she managed to keep her eyes open.

"Come on Bri, I want to hear you scream my name." He thrust into her one final time, watching her eyes roll back as she did what she was told. That was enough to send him over the edge too, and he shot his entire load into her at the same time.

It was several minutes before either one could speak. "God, that was amazing Bri. Bri?" He looked over to see that she was fast asleep. He pulled the blanket over her naked form and moved up behind her, reaching around to massage her breast. A small sigh escaped her lips as she mumbled "Good-bye Michael."

"Michael?" Lance thought before drifting off too.