 She woke to the sound of a running shower. Looking around, she realized it had to be him. She crawled out of the thick comforter and wrapped it around her. Steam poured out when she opened the bathroom door. Notes of a familiar song, as well as the scent of coconut, came wafting over to her.

"Do you always hum in the shower?" she asked after dropping the comforter and getting in with him. He spun around quickly, hitting his head on the shower head.

"Sorry," he said, rubbing the already growing know. "You surprised me."

"Here, let me make it better," she told him. One hand gently rubbed the knot. The other pulled him toward her and into a kiss. "Last night was amazing."

His eyes widened in surprise. "I... I didn't think you would remember much. You were pretty drunk when we left the club."

"I wasn't as drunk as you think." She winked. "I knew exactly what I was doing and who I was doing it with," her mischievous grin told him.

"Are you sure of that?" She nodded. "So who's Michael?"

It was her turn to look shocked. He saw a million thoughts run through her mind. Her eyes clouded over as she tried to come up with an explanation. Her silence seemed to last eons until he finally spoke.

"Never mind," he said, quickly turning to rinse his hair. "I should have realized that last night would be a one-time deal."

"That's... that's not it, and I'm not sure what last night was. It's just..." He looked her straight in the eye. She sighed. "Michael is my ex. I walked in on him sleeping with one of my good friends yesterday."

"So that's why you were at the club last night?" She nodded. "So I was just a way for you to get back at him?" he asked, the anger growing in his voice as he shut off the water.

"Please Lance, you have to realize that it wasn't my intention to sleep with anyone last night. But when I met you something made me change my mind."

"Save your excuses," he told her as he got out. "It was a one-night stand. You don't need to justify it to me. There's some money on the table just inside the door so you can get a cab back to the club to get your car. Please be gone by the time I'm finished getting ready." He went into his room, grabbed some clothes from his closet, and closed the bathroom door behind him.

Bri got dressed and went downstairs. Lance heard the door open and close while he combed his hair. He felt bad for the way he had treated her.

It took him only a few minutes to decide what he needed to do. He searched the nightstand for a note. When he didn't find anything he went downstairs and grabbed the phone book. He flipped it open before realizing, "Shit! I don't know her last name!" he yelled out loud.

"Walker," a voice said behind him.

He spun around to find her sitting on the couch. "I thought you left."

"It worked then. I was hoping you might have a change of heart, so I opened the door and closed it again."

"Look, I'm sorry I jumped to conclusions. Something about last night changed my mind too. I think I should give you a chance to explain.

"Thank you. I was trying to tell you that I honestly just wanted to get drunk last night. What I didn't plan for was meeting anyone. While we were talking last night I realized that we have a lot in common. I'm sorry about the Michael thing, but that's just bad timing. I would have tried to hook u with you even if it hadn't been for him. Please, can we try this again?"

He wrapped his arms around her waist. "I'd like that. So how wasted were you last night?"

"I had quite a bit, but I hold my alcohol better than most men. Although I'd say it's probably a good thing you drove me here rather than me driving home."

"But you passed out when I put you in the car, otherwise I would have taken you to your place."

"I didn't pass out. I wanted to come back to your place. So I conveniently made it look like I passed out."

"What made you so sure I'd sleep with you?"

"I knew how much you'd had. You weren't too drunk, but you were definitely impaired."

"You're impossible."

"Thank you. Do you think you could take me back to my car please? I have to go home and get ready for work."

"No problem, but there's a condition." She raised her eyebrows curiously. "You have to go out with me Saturday night."

"Done. * * * *

Bri heard the buzzer on her apartment and hurried to hit the button. "Yes?"

"Hey," his deep voice replied. "Do I get to come up?" She hit the button to unlock the door. A few minutes later he knocked. "Wow!" he said when she opened the door. "You look spectacular." She was wearing a black tango dress with strappy black heels.

"Thanks. You wanna come in for a minute? I have to grab a jacket."

"Your apartment is nice," he said as he looked around.

"Not as nice as your place." She winked at him. "Ready?"

After dinner they went back to the club where they'd met. They had a few drinks and danced a while, but both quickly became bored with the lifeless club.

"Let's go back to my place," Bri suggested. * * * *  "Do you want some wine?" she asked. He nodded and took the bottle from her to open while she got the glasses. He poured them each a glass. They sat down on the couch in front of the fire he had built in the fireplace. Both were silent for a few moments, just enjoying each other's company. "I've had a really great time tonight," she finally said. She leaned over and kissed him.

He set down his wine glass and moved closer to her. He set hers down as well and kissed her, his fingers wrapping around her neck, pulling her closer. She opened her mouth and immediately started massaging his tongue with hers.

His hands worked down to her shoulders. He ran his fingers lightly down her arms while she held on to his shoulders. He ran a finger over the part of her chest that the low-cut dress revealed. Eventually he pushed the fabric aside, one hand massaging her breast.

He broke the kiss long enough to pick her up and carry her into the bedroom. He lay her down on the bed and lay down next to her. Soon her dress was on the floor under his clothes. His hands roamed her body, touching every inch of her skin from head to toe.

A shiver ran through her as he whispered in her ear, "Remember what you said the other night about wanting me now? Well now it's my turn."

She slid one hand down his body and wrapped her fingers around his pulsing dick. She giggled lightly when he gasped. "You know, I'm not so sure that you're ready for that quite yet." He whimpered in reply. She heard him fumbling around in his pants on the floor and heard metal clink as his hand came back up to the bed.

"You're partially right. I'm not entirely ready," he said as he produced a silk blindfold and a pair of handcuffs.

"Ooh, kinky," she replied with a seductive grin.

"I thought you might be into that," he smirked. She nodded and raised her eyebrows at him. He gently blindfolded her and proceeded to kiss her stomach. She reached down and tried to move his head as she squirmed beneath his soft lips. "Ticklish?" he asked.

"Not at all. What would give you that idea?" she asked innocently.

"Well in that case...." He roughly pushed her arms up to the head of the bed. Her bed had metal bars at the head, and he handcuffed her around them so she wouldn't be able to undo them. He moved back down to her stomach to kiss and lick it. She began to squeal and begged him to stop. "And just what do I get if I stop?" he asked.

"Me."

He paused to think about it, and then moved back down to kiss her stomach again. "I think it's a little too late for that to work," he said before continuing to torment her. Eventually his kisses worked their way further down to her clit. She gasped in delight as he sucked on it lightly. He grinned as he got an idea and he quickly slid off the bed and went out the door.

"Lance?" she called, wondering where he had gone and what he was up to. A moment later she heard his bare feet pad into the room and felt him get back into the bed. He sat down between her legs. "What are you doing?" she asked.

A small scream escaped her lips and a shiver ran down her spine as he slowly ran an ice cube up her inner thigh. She started to squirm again, but his elbows held her firmly in place. His fingers worked the ice cube up her legs, across her stomach, and eventually down to her hot center.

Lance loved the fact that he could torment her that much, knowing that she was virtually powerless to do anything about it. He slid the ice cube into her, enjoying the expression on her face and the noises she was making.

He pulled the ice cube away and she gasped even louder when it was replaced by his tongue. The heat from his mouth caused her to warm up quickly, and the sensation of him licking and sucking on every part of her pushed her to the edge. He stopped just before she could come, making her whimper.

"Please, Lance, don't stop."

Not wanting to let her be in control at all, he waited until her breathing had slowed. He ran the tip of his cock over her clit and teased her opening. She raised her hips toward him, and he took the opportunity to ram into her as hard as he possibly could. She cried out and strained against the handcuffs.

Lance continued to pound into her, never slowing down. He felt her muscles clench tighter and tighter until she screamed his name. Her muscles tightened and released as her orgasm ripped through her. With just a few more thrusts Bri felt Lance shudder as his own orgasm came, and she enjoyed the feel of his hot cum as it coated her inside.

Lance reached up and undid the handcuffs, never pulling out of her. She pulled the blindfold off and he lay on top of her.

"God you're good," she told him with a smile.