 It really hadn't been a good day for me, and my mind was still reeling with all the catching up on homework and papers I had to do if I wanted to keep up my grades. My room was a mess, and when I looked at the clock and groaned because I'd already missed the first half of the show I had wanted to watch, I didn't have the energy to do anything but turn on the TV and shove obstacles out of the way so I had space to sit down in front of it. 

A knock on the door made me groan again, but I invited whatever unfortunate person happened to be standing outside in anyway. As it happened, the unfortunate person was my best friend James's brother, Keith, who I knew was only here to get back his portable CD player. I had borrowed it from him this morning pretending to need it for a presentation, although that really was just an excuse to interact with him. 

Keith wasn't in college anymore, but he worked here as an assistant football coach and residence hall staff, and he also was really fucking hot. Because of my friendship with James, I got to check him out less often than all the other girls who had a crush on him, because I really didn't want James to know that I had a thing for his brother. However, that didn't mean that I wouldn't use any excuse to talk to him, and I would have loved seeing him enter my room... if my room had been clean and if I'd been wearing something hot, that is. 

As it was, I attempted to get up, almost embarrassed at the state of the room and the one I was in right now. Keith had let himsef in by that time and shook his head, telling me "No, don't bother. I'll just grab this and be on my way." He nodded in the direction of the CD player, which was standing on my desk. 

"Sure, that's fine." My cheeks reddened slightly in embarrassment when I noticed some of my underwear in the immediate vicinity of the desk, but I just swallowed and tried not to draw attention to it. 

Keith grabbed the CD player and was already on his way out the door again when he took another look at me. 

"Hey, are you okay? You look a little beaten."

"Don't ask." I buried my face in my hands. "You know that feeling when you just want to get laid? I'm having one of those days." I smiled tiredly behind my hands. 

"Ah." Keith said, then was quiet. Apparently, he seemed uncomfortable with me making sex jokes, and my mind sighed in frustration. It was so difficult to act normal around such a hot guy.

"So, um, is that an offer?"

First I thought I hadn't heard right. I really did. I know people say that all the time, but for a moment there I was completely convinced that my mind had just made up those words and put them into Keith's mouth to play some sort of dirty trick on me. I barely stopped myself from stupidly asking "What?"

Then I peered out from between my fingers and saw the way he looked at me. The guy was horny. I hadn't misheard. And as I saw it, although I'd feel guilty because he was James's brother, I simply couldn't refuse. 

"If you want it to be."

He didn't say anything, but after a moment gave a sideways nod and put the CD player down again. He took a few steps towards me, sweeped some of my clothes away so there was space on the floor, and sat down next to me. 

"Sorry about the mess," I apologized.

He snorted. "I don't give a shit. You've never been to my room, have you?"

"No."

"Trust me, it's worse." He smiled, then leaned over and kissed me on the mouth. It took me a second or so to react, but then I kissed him back, standing up and finally breaking the kiss where I was standing. 

"Where are you..." 

He didn't bother finish the sentence since I had already moved towards the door and locked it. I turned around and smiled at him, suddenly more confident now that he'd kissed me. His lips curled up in a smile as well as his eyes were darting back and forth on my body. Finally, he just leaned back and waved me close. 

"Take your shirt of for me," he asked when I had moved within arm's length of him. I complied at once, pulling the ratty t-shirt over my head and firing it in the general vicinity of my laundry basket. I knelt in front of him, one leg on either side of his, and he grabbed my waist, pulling me close for another kiss. This time, his tongue parted my lips and started to explore my mouth, causing me to moan slightly. It had been quite some time since I'd had a guy who was a good kisser. While kissing, I reached forward and tugged on his shirt, determined to enjoy that hard body I finally had all to myself. We broke the kiss when I lifted it over his head, then resumed it right away.

At the same time, we reached for each others' pants and I almost laughed out loud. I didn't though. Instead, I pulled away so I could see what my hands were doing with his belt, which wasn't exactly easy to open. My aching to see him naked didn't make it any easier. He was done opening my pants long before I had finished with his, and pulled them down to my knees. I stopped fumbling with his fly to pull them off, first one leg, the the other, and rolled my eyes when I saw that he had left my panties on my hips. His fingers caressed the white cotton for a moment, then he broke into a grin. 

"Very sexy, Liz."

"Oh, shut up," I growled and started a new attack on his pants. "I'll dress up for you next time."

The button had been working on finally came open and I yanked down his pants as far as they would go, together with his boxers. He took over for me, raising his hips of the ground and pulling them off all the way. 

He was naked all the way now, with me still in my underwear. I was about to reach back and take off my bra when I glanced down and saw his gorgeous hard on right in front of my belly. Giving him a smile, I slid back a bit and leaned forward, giving him a few good licks of my tongue. He groaned, and one hand grabbed a hold of my hair while the other reached to open the clasp of my bra. While it fell away, I opened my mouth and took his cock inside. 

I heard him gasp and would have smiled if my lips hadn't been stretched wide at that moment. Slowly, I slid lower until I could go no further, then came back up, swirling my tongue. He pushed me right back down though, raising up his hips to meet my mouth. I could hear him whisper "Damn" when my tongue swirled around his cock again, licking and teasing, getting him moist all over. I closed my eyes and tried to imagine what it would feel like when I had him inside me in a few moments. He wasn't more than average length, but nice and wide, which I loved. 

While I was still sliding my mouth up and down his cock, Keith leaned forward and reached between my legs, feeling the moisture that had soaked my panties by now. He pulled the cotton aside and dipped on finger into my moist pussy, making me gasp. I pulled away from him, letting his cock slip out of my mouth with regret, but telling myself that if I had any say in it, there would be other times when I could suck him off until exhaustion. I slid my panties down my legs and kicked them aside, then knelt back down and stradled him. 

I kissed him again while positioning myself right above his cock, moving my hips so his head slid over my clit repeatedly. We both moaned at the same time, me from the sudden tingle the movement had given me, and him from anticipation. When I still made no move to take him inside me, he grabbed my hips and forced me down, impaling me in one fluid motion. 

I moaned, loudly. His hard cock was inside me all the way, filling me and stretching me wide. For a few seconds we just sat there, me still gasping from the abruptness with which he had entered me, Keith with closed eyes and slightly open mouth, breathing hard and enjoying the sensation. Then I decided to start moving, lifting my hips ever so slightly just to slide back down on his cock. His grip on my hips got more forceful again and he lifted me higher, leaving me to plunge back down creating this incredible sensation of being stretched out anew every time. We kept going like this for a while, both enjoying ourselves and sharing kisses from time to time. I used the opportunity to explore his upper body with my fingertips, stroking every inch of skin and admiring his muscular build. 

Finally, he shifted under me. 

"Get up. I want to try something else," he ordered more than he asked, but I complied, feeling empty as I lifted myself off his wide, warm cock. He came up right after me, lifting me and putting me down onto my desk. I spread my legs wide in anticipation and he was there right away, placing his now swollen head between my folds and thrusting inside me again. I moaned and wrapped my legs around him as he pulled back out, not wanting to let him go.

But he paused. Shifting his hips slightly, he rubbed his slippery head against my clit repeatedly, making me shiver. 

"So... how much exactly did you want this, Liz?"

I groaned. "Keith, please... don't do this."

"Do what?" He teased my clit again while his left hand moved up and circled my nipple. "I just want to know how much you want this cock inside you."

"Keith, this is unfair." I looke up to see him give me a rather wicked grin. "Please just fuck me."

"I wonder if you'd let me take a picture of you," he said conversationally. I stared.

"A nude one? Fuck no."

"You sure?" Suddenly his cock was slipping over my clit again, circling and rubbing it. "I wouldn't show it around, I just want one for myself." Suddenly, his finger pushed roughly inside me.

"Keith," I gasped, determined to try one more time. "Please... please fuck me, goddamn it."

"I will." His finger pushed inside me further and turned roughly, causing me to whince. "I'll fuck the living daylights out of you as soon as you say I get to take your picture. Its important to me."

"What, you have a collection?"

He withdrew his finger, just to push it back inside me together with another one, and he had this downright devilish look in his eyes while grinning at me. "Yes."

I raised my eyebrows at him and sighed. "Fine." I grabbed his chin and forced him to look at me. "Fine. You can take one. But if anyone ever sees that picture, I swear to God Keith, I will find a way to inflict a lot of pain onto that cock of yours."

I hadn't even noticed that he had removed his fingers while I had talked, but it only took him a moment to position his cock and thrust inside me full force. 

For a moment, I couldn't breathe and grasped his shoulders for support. He didn't give me any time to recover though, but pulled back out and started to fuck me with hard, long strokes, leaving me to moan in ecstasy. 

"Holy shit," I whispered as sweat started to form on my upper lip and my pussy involuntarily clenched around him. My whole body shook every time he thrust, any it felt so good I just couldn't help digging my fingernails into his flesh every time. 

"Don't come inside me," I whispered, not prepared to take chances, when I felt he was close, and he nodded, kissed me, and drew in his breath sharply. His hips thrust two more times, then he pulled out, shaking as the orgasm hit him. I held his strong, sweaty body close, and he plunged his fingers inside of me – three this time – expertly hitting me in just the right spot to make me come just as he was finished. 

I moaned, eyes rolling up while my body shook and twitched with release. Now, he was holding me close with his other arm, stroking my back and kissing my forehead. I leaned onto his shoulder, eyes closed, and enjoyed the hot feelings until they passed. 

Finally he pushed me back carefully, leaving me sitting on the desk while he went to get dressed. I didn't open my eyes but heard the scrape of his jeans and the metal clink of his belt. When I felt able to stand, I slowly slid off the desk and opened my eyes. Keith bent down and grabbed my bra off the floor, dangling it from a finger. 

"You came on my Philosophy paper," I noted, and he turned towards me.

"Really? Sorry about that." He grinned, visibly amused. "I dare you turn it in like that."

"Do you then. What do I get if I do?"

"Hmmm." He stepped towards me and snaked an arm around my waist, kissing my earlobe. "What about... the guys' shower, three in the morning tomorrow night?"

My knees weakened just a little bit. "Are you serious?"

"Oh yeah. I've always wanted to screw some slut in the dorm showers."

"I'll try my best to take that as a compliment." I punched his shoulder and tried to grab my bra, which he was still holding, but he pulled away before I could get a hold of it. 

"Ohh no, you don't. That one's mine until I get that picture."

"Fucking bastard. Get out of my room already."

"Fine, bitch." He gave me a quick kiss and left, letting the door slam behind him carelessly. I shook my head to clear it, and my eyes caught the CD player that was still standing on my desk, just a few inches to the left of where Keith had fucked me moments earlier. 

"Now let's just see how much you want that CD player back," I mumbled to myself, smiling at the opportunity of some revenge.