 It was one of those days. The weather was horrible, my commute was worse and I had way too much work to get done. My phone was ringing when I opened my office door and it hadn't stopped all day. It was tax season and everybody and their mother wanted something. I finally caught a break near noon and decided it was time to head out and grab something to eat. I returned after a lackluster lunch and found a new voicemail on my phone. I groaned as I listened to it. The message was from a lady named Julie in the accounting department, and she complained for a good five minutes about her malfunctioning software.

I quickly headed up to her desk so that I wouldn't have to endure another one of her messages. The office was almost empty due to call-offs caused by the weather, and she seemed to be the only person in her department. I could hear Julie banging away at her keyboard as I approached her cubicle.

"Banging on it won't make it work." I said as I came around to the cube's opening.

"If it worked I wouldn't have to bang." Julie replied sarcastically.

I waved Julie out of the way and sat down at her computer. There were so many things wrong that it was hard tell exactly what had happened. I tried a few things, but the PC was frozen solid, and even the power button would not shut it off.

"See, the damn thing won't even reboot." Julie snarled.

I took a deep breath and let out a sigh as I unplugged the power cable from the back of the machine. I plugged it back in, hit the power switch and the machine hummed back to life. Julie rifled through some papers on her desk as the machine ran through the boot process and I glanced at her from the corner of my eye. She wasn't bad looking. Her short black hair and pale skin, combined with a very slender body gave her a gothic appearance. She was dressed in a black blouse and short black skirt that seemed way too little for what was turning into the coldest day of the year.

"It sure is cold today." I said casually.

"I wish I would have watched the damn weather. I froze all the way here and I know I will on the way home." She replied.

The computer finally finished booting and I started checking things out. I had just started looking through her program listing when an instant message popped on the screen. I hadn't realized that she had set it to run when the PC started, and evidently neither did she. A message came through that made everything crystal clear.

TrackerT: Did you install it? I found hundreds of groups.

I looked through her program list and quickly found it. The program was called 'adult group finder', and it was a search tool for finding adult rated groups on the Internet. I clicked on the program and opened it before Julie turned to see the computer screen. The program loaded and I saw the problem. Julie's search had returned too many responses and had locked her machine because of the volume.

"This program seems to be the problem." I said to her. I was barely able to hide a smile as she looked over at the screen. Julie was pretty smooth and tried to deny that she had installed it.

"I've never seen that before. It must have installed itself from one of those virus programs that are going around." She said with a dismissing wave of her hand.

"I don't think so. Your friend here seems to know quite a bit about the program." I replied while I maximized the message window from her friend.

"From what I can tell, you entered too many different words to search for. You searched for 'Gothic, Lesbian, BDSM, Anal, Fisting'. I'm quite sure there are a lot of groups regarding those interests. You should search for them one at a time in the future." 

I closed out of the messaging program and returned to the group program. While Julie looked on, I typed in 'Anal' and watched as the program returned a list of over a hundred adult groups.

"See, it will work fine if you just limit your search. Now which one of these topics were you most interested in?" I asked.

"I...wasn't using that. I'm not...sure how it got there." Julie stammered.

"Look, I'm not here to police what kind of stuff you have on your computer. I don't care what's on it, but you better make sure your boss doesn't see any of this." I said. Her insistent denial after being caught was really beginning to get on my nerves. I closed out of the program and stood up to leave.

"So what, are you going to tell on me?" She asked.

"Look..." I began.

"So that's what it's all about huh? I can't afford to lose my job. What do you want?" She said, interrupting me before I could respond.

"I get it. You liked what you saw so this is your way of getting what you want. You are fucking disgusting. She growled.

"What the fuck are you talking about?" I asked her. Julie was not making any sense and it was beginning to piss me off. Julie placed her hands on her desk and bent over. She reached back, yanked her short skirt up, and tucked it into the waistband. She then grabbed her panties and ripped them to the side and exposed her cunt and ass.

"Go ahead and take a good look fucker. Was this what you were hunting for?" She asked with a hiss.

Julie was getting the situation wrong, but I wasn't going to turn down a free show. Her ass was thrust high in the air and every part was on display. She was a liberated girl to say the least. Her entire pubic area was shaved smooth and a silver ring dangled from her clit. The most enticing thing was the color of her skin. Her whole body was pale but her cunt and asshole were vivid strawberry red.

"Go on and touch it you pervert. It's not like I have any choice in the matter. 

I was beginning to get the rules of this game. I gripped her ass cheek in my hand and gave it a firm squeeze. Her skin was smooth and her muscles clenched under my touch. I slid down between her cheeks, and she gasped as my fingers brushed against her puckered ass. I pushed forward and two of my fingers pressed between her puffy cuntlips and found her as juicy as a ripe peach.

"What a fucking slut. Your cunt's soaking wet." I said to her as I slid my fingers back and forth between her slippery lips.

"So what the fuck are you going to do about it? You seem to have all the answers." She spit back at me.

I took this as a challenge and thrust two fingers up into her cunt. She grunted and bore down as I spread my fingers and tested how tight she was. Her cunt-cream oozed down my fingers and left them coated like a glazed donut when I pulled them from her grasping twat. Julie didn't protest when I brought my dripping digits to her mouth and my cock twitched like a snake as my fingers slipped between her cherry red lips.

"That's it. Suck that pussy juice." I growled to her as her cheeks hollowed around my fingers. Her tongue danced around and helped her catch every drop of her girl juice.

"You like tasting your cunt, don't you?" I said. "Does it taste good?"

"Yeah, it tastes so good." She said breathlessly.

I could smell the musky scent of her cunt and knew that she was more than raring to go. I placed one hand on the small of her back and kept her in place while I dropped down to my knees. Her cunt was even more inviting close up. Those pink lips were drooling a thick pearly cream and her asshole twitched as my breath blew over it.

"Take a taste and tell me that's not the best pussy you've ever had." Julie challenged me.

I used my free hand to peel back one of her ass cheeks and dove right in. I didn't waste any time with preliminaries and mashed my mouth against her sweet cunt. Her pussy was soaked and my tongue glided between her folds. My mouth was quickly filled with her sticky juice and I could hear her hands gripping the edge of the desk as I feasted on her slimy cunt.

Julie grunted and thrust her hips back toward me as I jammed my tongue as deep into her possible. I twisted my hand and began to wiggle my thumb into her ass while still keeping her cheeks spread. This sent her over the edge and she thrust back even harder on my mouth. Her cream oozed like she was taking a piss and she began to shake erratically. I buried my thumb as deep in her ass as it would go and began to twist it about, causing her to grunt like a stuck pig. 

I captured her clit between my lips and hooked her ring with the tip of my tongue. After a few quick pulls I thought she would scream. The muscles in her ass and legs were locked tight and a heavy tremor was vibrating through her. I released the ring and sucked her clit causing a new set of shakes and moans. I keep it up until her muscles finally relaxed and she began to sag.

I pulled my thumb from her ass and watched as the pink flower shuddered and pulsed as it tried to close. Her pussy was even redder than before and her clit stood out stiff and puffy. Julie was trying to catch her breath as I stood up. I quickly unzipped my fly and worked my stiff cock out. 

"I sure hope you didn't think this was all over. A hot cunt like that needs to get fucked properly." I told her as I twisted her around. I lifted one of her legs up and pushed her ass up onto her desk. Her cunt was at the perfect height and I didn't wait for a go sign. I grabbed my cock and guided it straight into her. She was so slippery that I didn't meet any resistance as I thrust into her. My balls touched her on the second stroke and I hammered her cunt.

Julie uttered a string of profanities as I plowed into her. I looped one arm behind her back and held her leg up with the other. She leaned forward, kissed my neck at one point, and moved up toward my ear. 

"Fuck me hard you motherfucker. Fuck me." She growled. She began to bite my ear while she egged me on further. I soon had her crushed to me and I was fucking her with all the force I could muster, making her gasp with every thrust. When I finally came I lost all control and I heard her gasp as my arm tightened around her and my fingers bit into the flesh of her calf. I screwed my eyes shut and unloaded into her as she growled in my ear and dug her nails into my back.

Julie was almost limp when I regained control of myself. The realization of where I was hit me quickly and I let her go. My cock slipped free of her as I pulled back and I looked down to see her cunt oozing like a river. A thick drop form between her lips then dropped heavily to the floor, leaving a thick string of hanging from her swollen cunt.

I grabbed a tissue from a box on her desk and wiped my cock off before slipping it back into my pants and zipping up. Julie took my cue and grabbed for a tissue but I stopped her.

"No, no. You can let it stay the way it is. You know you like how it feels when your cunt as full and well fucked." I told her. "You do like it, don't you slut?"

"Yeah, I like when my pussy is all juicy and fucked." She said with a grin on her face. "I hope this clears up any problems with my computer."

"It does for now, but if I have to come back up here again then we'll have to work out a new arrangement." 

"If your that lucky." She said. "Anyway, I have work to do." She said flippantly as she gathered some papers on her desk.

I looked around before leaving her cube. It was lucky for me that so many people had called off because of the weather. I laughed to myself as I grabbed a can of soda from the vending machine, and it wasn't until I was in the elevator that I realized that there were some people that would not have called off. It hit me like a ton of bricks and I ran off to the security office.

I cursed to myself as I made my way to the security office. There were cameras at every corner and I couldn't chance the one near Julie's desk picking us up. Luckily the security officer only monitored the door and elevator cameras during the day. Only the night security monitored the office floors. Even so, the office floors were still recorded during the day.

I made up an excuse about checking the security computers for routine maintenance. I scanned the tape quickly and was glad that I had done so. The camera had caught us and had done so with great clarity. If one of the officers had reviewed the tape then we would have been fired. I placed one of the back up tapes into the recorder and pocketed the evidence.

I started thinking about the tape. In possession of the security team it would mean my job. In my possession it opened up a lot of possibilities. Yeah, it was the wrong thing to think, and I began to feel bad for thinking about it. I contemplated destroying the tape, but my train of thought was disrupted as I walked into my office. The voicemail light was flashing again, and it was almost time for me to leave.

I checked the mail, and the message was from Julie. It seemed that she had a company laptop at home that wasn't working right. She wanted to bring it in and have me take a look at it. She said that it my have some 'questionable' items on it and she was sure we could come to some sort of 'agreement'.

I called her back but she had already left for the day. I checked by schedule and decided to put in a few extra hours to clear up my workload. I wanted to make sure that I had enough time the following morning to give Julie's problem the attention it deserved.