 Round 4 for Jen and Jason. This follows Crutches, Booty Call and Ride Home, but can be read alone.

*

Jen found a box waiting for her in the mailroom when she returned from class. She suspected it contained a dress to replace the one Jason had ripped during their tryst a few days prior. She put it aside and set about getting some homework done. Finally, temptation won and she picked it up. Opening it on her bed, she gasped as she pulled out the blue dress. It was a beautiful violet blue silk dress and she paused for a long moment to admire it. Driven by the desire to see it on her, she quickly stripped and put it on. It was gorgeous and fit her slim body perfectly as she modeled it in front of her mirror. The dress had a high neck in front, but was open all the way down her back and fastened behind her neck, which meant she couldn't wear a bra. It fell to just above her knees and shimmered wonderfully. Jen knew it was worth significantly more than the summer frock Jason had ruined.

She returned to the box to pull out matching heels, a small blue sequined purse, and of course, a pair of panties with a turquoise lace top and blue striped bottom. Jen's jaw dropped as she marveled at the stiletto heels, at least 3" in height, way higher than anything she had ever worn. She kicked off her socks and sneakers and added the heels to her ensemble. Her heart fluttered as she admired herself. Karen, her freshman roommate, returned from class.

"Oh my God!" she exclaimed as she saw her. "You look amazing!"

Jen just nodded with a grin. Karen placed her bag down and drooled over her outfit. "How much did that set you back?"

"Jason got it for me," she smiled, her eyes never leaving the mirror.

"Oh my God that is so awesome! The nicest thing my boyfriend ever got me was a COD game."

"I didn't know you were a gamer."

"I'm not," Karen pointed out. "And look at those shoes!"

"I don't know if I can walk in them," Jen complained.

"Honey, practice!" Karen said, squatting down to get a better look. "Did he buy these also?"

"Yeah."

"Wow! Best boyfriend ever!" Karen exclaimed. She examined the dress again. "Well, the back is open."

"Yes, I won't be able to wear a bra."

"Yeah, but that's fine for you."

"Hey now, I'm not that small," Jen replied, self-consciously grabbing her boobs.

"Oh, no, I didn't mean...they're just perky, you know..." Jen glanced at her condescendingly. "I'll just stop while I'm ahead."

Jen shook her head with a grin and returned to the box, pulling out the purse and one other little box before closing it so Karen wouldn't see the panty. She returned to the mirror and opened the little box, surprised to see a pair of small wire frame glasses. With a mystified look at Karen, she put them on.

"Wow, look at that! You look like the hottest scholar ever!"

"Come on, I had LASIK done so I wouldn't have to wear glasses."

"They are soooo cute on you!" They stood in silence for a few moments, admiring Jen's outfit before Karen's face pinched in thought. "Can we talk?"

"Yeah sure, what's up?"

"Please don't take this wrong way, I am really so happy for you."

"Yeah?"

"Well, it's just...," Karen winced, wringing her hands. "That time you and Jason were together last time."

"Yeah, I know, I'm really sorry to kick you out like that."

"No, no, it's cool, and I am really happy for you, but...you do realize these doors aren't very solid."

"What?"

"Like, you can hear through them." Jen looked at her quizzically. "People could hear you."

Realization dawned on Jen's face. "You mean when we were..."

"Screwing, yeah," Karen nodded bluntly. "And it's totally cool if you were showing off," she quickly added, "I would too if I had a hunk like that on me, but..."

Jen could feel herself blush scarlet as she covered her mouth, eyes wide. "Was I that loud?

"Yeah," Karen nodded with a frown. "I had to shoo kids away from the door."

"Oh my God."

"Yeah. I just thought you should know."

"I didn't realize," Jen winced, covering her face in embarrassment with her hands. So that's why she was getting those looks from her dorm mates!

Saturday night, the scene repeated itself as Jen dressed for her date with Jason. She had gotten her black hair done especially for the night, finally getting some body added and departing from the pony tail she usually wore. She put on everything that was in the box, including the panty he had picked. She thought she looked awesome. Karen was right, the glasses made her look like a hot scholar. Her make-up was scant, as usual: mascara, foundation and lipstick. For jewelry, she had simply put in small gold stud earrings. Saturday night had loomed large for her all week, thoughts of her and Jason in bed filling her dreams. She was a little anxious about their date, as Jason had a way of pushing her to do...perverted things. But this time he had asked her out, not the other way around. If she didn't feel comfortable, she would just stop him.

"So where are you two going?" Karen asked from her desk with an admiring smile.

"I don't know, he wouldn't tell me."

"That's so romantic! I bet it is somewhere nice."

"Knowing Jason, it's a strip club," Jen mused.

"I doubt he would spend that much on a dress if he wanted you to strip. You need me out of the room?"

"No, I don't think so," Jen answered with a blush. "It's just a date."

"Just text me if you need me to bail."

A knock fell on the door exactly at 5:30, and Jen checked herself in the mirror one last time. She opened it so see Jason, looking stunning in a charcoal pinstriped suit that framed his broad shoulders and tapered neatly to his narrow waist. His eyes locked to hers as a shiver inducing grin formed on his face. He raked his eyes up and down her as she retreated to let him in. His eyes filled with lust, and Jen could feel a pit forming in stomach as he silently smiled at her.

"Hi," she finally got out.

"Jennifer," he breathed.

"This is my roommate, Karen," Jen offered, glancing away.

Jason's eyes never left her as he nodded. "Pleased to meet you."

"Wow, you two look great," Karen sighed.

Jason took another step forward, backing Jen to her bed. He slowly raised a hand to gently stroke Jen's cheek with the back of his finger.

"You look amazing," he said softly.

"You do to," Jen answered, feeling embarrassed at how passionately he was looking at her. She adjusted his lapel and red tie before looking back to him.

"Don't you have some studying to do?" he asked with a vicious glance.

"Oh, yeah," Karen jumped. "Do you need me to leave?"

"No we'll be leaving momentarily," he answered, his attention once again focused on Jen.

"Oh, okay." Karen turned and sat at her desk with her back to them.

"Put your headphones on," he ordered softly.

Karen quickly complied and a moment later the soft sounds of music escaped into the air as she started her iPod. Jason stroked Jen's cheek again, this time with his fingertip, her knees weakening as his eyes devoured her.

Karen opened her notebook as her earbuds blasted. Her eyes, however, were not on the page. They were on the tiny mirror she had on her desk, a mirror that was reflecting the couple only a few feet behind her. Jen was so smart and beautiful, it was no wonder she had landed a boyfriend like him. Karen's heart fluttered just from the way he had looked at Jen, the electricity between them was obvious. She watched with baited breath as he tenderly stroked Jen's cheek before leaning in for a light kiss. Jason turned Jen around and then Karen's eyes widened as she saw him bend a seemingly compliant Jen over her bed. From her angle, all she could see was Jason's back and Jen's butt. Karen's eyes popped as she saw Jason casually flip Jen's skirt up and caress her bottom. She saw Jen struggle briefly, and moments later she tore her eyes away as he peeled off her panties. Karen stared straight ahead in shock, turning only as she felt the door open, eyes wide as they left hand in hand.

Jen couldn't help but blush as she walked past the glances of her hall mates. The last time Jason had been over, apparently their lovemaking had been so loud that everyone on the hall heard them. Knowing she was going commando wasn't helping her composure either. They stepped into the elevator and suddenly were alone. Jason put his warm hand on her back, stroking her skin lightly as he looked down at her.

"You look amazing. You don't know how tempted I am to cancel our reservations and have you all night."

"Not so fast, big boy," Jen grinned in response. "I'm starving. We are going to dinner, right?"

"Yeah. A very exclusive place," he hinted mysteriously, "I hope you'll like it."

"That was really naughty, taking my panties off right behind Karen," she giggled.

"Yes. Yes it was," he leered with a wink and a smile.

Jen finally summoned the courage to ask him the question that had been on her mind all week. "Jason? Can I ask why you are taking me out and not your girlfriend?"

Jason shook his head with an easy smile. "Don't you worry your pretty little head about that."

Jen frowned as the door opened, not having gotten a satisfactory answer. It actually appalled her how blasé she felt about having sex and going out with a man who had a girlfriend. Before she had met, or had been corrupted by, Jason, she would have never considered being the other woman. Now, it was like it didn't matter.

Jen walked stiffly to his car, challenged by the high heels she was in. He guided her to the passenger side and opened the door for her. As she turned to get in, he stopped her.

"I want you to flash your pussy when you get in," he growled.

Jen gasped as her eyes darted around the empty parking lot. It was still light out, but no one other than Jason would be able to see. Her eyes found his, twinkling with mischief.

"You are such a pervert," she accused with a smile.

"Yes I am," he agreed.

Jen held his eyes in hers as she lowered herself into the seat. She brought one leg into the car and lifted the front of her skirt to give him a good look before bringing the other leg in. She smiled at his appreciative grin, their evening already taking an erotic turn. It would be fun, she thought, sitting at a restaurant with no panties.

As they drove, he pushed her skirt up so his hand could rest on her bare thigh. Jen's eyes darted around, looking at the cars and pedestrians around them who had no idea his hand was mere inches from her most sensitive spot. With a nudge of his middle finger he encouraged her to spread her legs.

"Okay, that's enough," she grinned, spreading her legs but clamping a hand on his wrist. "Focus on the road."

Jason flashed her a lascivious grin and gently massaged her thigh. As the miles peeled by without any further exploration, she relaxed and finally removed her hand. He immediately moved his hand up her thigh and brushed her pussy with his finger. Jen protested with a yelp and laugh and pushed his hand back in place, admonishing him with a finger wag.

They pulled into town and Jason parked along a side street. He dashed around to open her door, and Jen rewarded him with another naughty flash of her privates. Jason helped her out, grinning from ear to ear.

"You are going to get me in trouble tonight," he said with a grin as he adjusted himself.

"Well, you will just have to control yourself," she replied haughtily and he responded with a light peck on her cheek.

They approached a house and knocked on the door. Jen could hear sounds of merriment trickling through the windows. The door opened and Jen's hand latched onto Jason's as her thighs suddenly clamped together.

"Hello Jason, please come in."

"Thank you Dean Anderson," Jason said as he led a shocked Jen into the house. "This is my date, Jennifer."

"Pleased to meet you, young lady. Are you also a student here?"

"Ye...Yes," Jen stuttered.

Jen was completely stunned to see the Dean here. Worse, Provost Anne Bentley joined them. Jason introduced her to the Provost and a moment later Jen remembered to let go of Jason's hand to shake the Provost's. Jen struggled to regain her bearing. Provost Bentley was looking her over with a smile.

"That is a beautiful dress," she said.

"Oh, um, thanks. I hope I'm dressed appropriately."

"Oh, no, darling, you look marvelous. If I could get away with a dress like that, I'd be wearing it also."

The house was old and huge, a relic of past, and they were guided into the study. A quick glance revealed several other faculty members. A few undergraduates and graduate students were also present, around 20 in all. Jen was relieved to see a girl in a red dress, but most of the group were dressed far more plainly. Jason excused himself to get them a drink, and Jen found herself alone, mortified that she was in the company of the faculty without any underwear on. The thought of being bare at a restaurant with strangers around had seemed sexy and appealing, but here in front of her school's faculty, it was terribly inappropriate.

Jason returned with a beer and a wine for Jen. She motioned to him to step into the next room and he excused them from the group. Out of earshot, she turned to him.

"This isn't funny! Give me my panties!" she snapped.

"Why?" he grinned.

"Jason, those are faculty! I can not be running around commando here."

"Why not? Behave like a lady and no one will ever know."

"Jason...," she started, but cut herself off as the Provost joined them. She plastered a smile on her face and took Jason's hand as they turned to greet her.

"Lovely painting," Jason smiled calmly as Jen noticed they were in front of a painting on the wall.

"Why thank you, it is always nice when someone of your generation appreciates fine art."

"It is Manet's 'Before the Mirror,' if I am not mistaken."

"Very good, Jason. I'm impressed."

Jen struggled to come up with something to say. She knew nothing of art, and felt like a child reduced to standing quietly by as the adults talked. The Provost was mentioning how scandalous the picture was when it was first exhibited, and Jason took the opportunity to comment on the vibrant blues of the painting. Jen's suddenly blushed as she looked up at him, noting the roguish sparkle in his eyes. He had been describing the painting, but with a double entendre on the colors and shape of her missing panties. She drove her thumbnail into his hand in embarrassed frustration as he casually continued his conversation.

The Provost finally took her leave and Jason asked if it would be okay for them to admire more of her house. She agreed, and Jason turned to smile at Jen. No sooner had the Provost left than the smile left Jen's face. She frowned fiercely and punched him in the ribs, eliciting nothing more than a chuckle from him.

"Give me my panties this instant," she demanded, stomping her foot for emphasis.

Jason just grinned and led her further back into the house, casually placing his beer on an end table. He stopped in the empty room and turned to stand in front of her, facing the front of the house. "Well, you saw where I put them. Get them yourself."

Jen shook her head in disgust and glanced over her shoulder to be sure no one was looking. Satisfied, her hand dove into his front pocket to retrieve her undergarment. It wasn't there. Her hand plunged into the other side, but came up empty again.

"Where are they?" she asked, bewildered. She had seen him put them in his front pocket. Jason smiled wickedly at her.

"When I went to get our drinks, I gave them to some else at the party," he whispered.

Jen's eyes widened as she processed his comment, a deep pit forming in her belly. "You mean someone here knows..."

"Yup," he smiled.

"Jason, no," she whispered, horrified.

"Yes," he grinned. "Position one, slut."

"No, Jason please, this is going too far," she begged as she looked into his playful eyes. "This isn't funny."

"This isn't a negotiation, slut. Position one."

"Jason, please, I'm begging you, not here."

"Slut," he growled, his face suddenly hard and intimidating. "You do not want to escalate this. Position one. Now."

Jen whimpered as she complied, her head down, feeling sick to her stomach at the nasty turn her evening had suddenly taken. She trembled as she moved to Position One: her hand on the outside of his shoulder and her wine glass outside his other shoulder, her feet outside of his. Mercifully, Jason's feet were together, so when she put her feet outside his it wasn't too indecent.

"Please don't make me do this here," she pleaded.

Jason said nothing and she shivered in humiliated silence for a few moments.

"Please don't do this," she shook head, still looking down. "I'll do anything."

"Anything?" Jason pounced. "Well now, that makes things interesting." Cruelty dripped in his voice. "Make me an offer, slut."

"Please don't, Jason," she stuttered.

"Make me an offer."

Jen swallowed and kept her head down. "I'll..." she started weakly.

"Well?"

"Let's go into the bathroom and I'll give you a blowjob," she sniveled.

"The hallway bathroom? Where the faculty can watch us go in together?" he mocked.

Jen's eyes flashed to his for an instant as she shook her head in horror.

"How about this," he sneered. "Let's go upstairs and I'll fuck you on the Provost's bed. Would my slut like that?"

Jen's head sagged to her chest. "Why are you doing this to me?" she whispered, her voice cracking.

"Because I can," he stated. Jen trembled before him, not daring to move, waiting for his next depravity. "Look at me," Jason finally whispered, and Jen hesitantly raised her eyes to his smiling face, seemingly oblivious to her distress. Jason's hands encircled her, his fingertips lightly stroking the exposed skin on her back.

"Please, Jason, stop. Don't," she begged, helplessly shaking her head.

Jason gave a chuckle as he looked at her and playfully bumped her forehead with his. "Don't do what? Don't stare longingly into your eyes?" Jen's eyes looked to his for direction as he paused. "Stop? Should I stop adoring your beautiful face?" he whispered as he stroked her cheek with the back of his finger.

"No," she whispered, confused by his attitude. His eyes darted to look behind her for a moment.

"Don't? Don't tell you how your eyes sparkle like diamonds in the memory of a fantasy?"

Jen gaped as she stared at his handsome face, smiling softly at her.

"Don't? Don't notice how the whole room lights up when you smile?"

"I...," she started aimlessly.

"Stop? Should I stop enjoying the smooth skin on your back?" he whispered, drawing his hand along her skin.

"No. Just..." she trailed off, uncertain of what she was fighting.

"Stop? Should I stop savoring your delicate scent?" he asked as he pulled a few strands of her hair to his nose and inhaled lightly.

"No," she whispered.

"Then what?" he breathed.

Jen shrugged, her eyes in his as they stood face to face. Jason started to rock her gently.

"It's not so bad, standing here like this, is it?" he finally asked as they swayed together.

"No," Jen tentatively agreed.

"We can have fun standing like this."

Jen nodded, once again enraptured by him. She couldn't figure out why she had been so difficult just moments earlier, there had been no reason for it. He hadn't asked her to do anything other than take her position, a simple request. She smiled apologetically at him. Any malice she had been reading in him had evaporated. Jen rationalized that anyone behind them would simply see a girl embracing her man, unaware that she was completely vulnerable to anything he wanted to do.

"It's just the way my slut stands when we're playing, isn't that right?"

"Yes," she answered meekly.

"Tell me."

"This is how your slut stands when she is with you."
