 She woke late, as usual, the life of a single woman was supposed to be free and easy, but she seemed to have so little time in her day. She rushed about looking for something to wear… the hamper was full and she remembered that she had not done the laundry yet. Her underwear drawer was empty, not a clean pair of panties to be had. She debated about wearing a pair unwashed, but the idea made her cringe. She may be a slob but she hated wearing unclean clothes. With a shrug she decided to wear none, after all, she thought, she was safe enough… no one would know. Looking in her closet she spied a skirt and blouse and without hesitating took them out and laid them on the bed. With a quick glance at the clock she calculated how long she had to shower, dress and drive to work. It would be cutting it fine but she was sure she could do it. One more day of arriving late and her boss would haul her over the coals. It had taken awhile for her to find a job she enjoyed and she didn't want to lose it yet.

Turning on the taps in the shower she let them run till steam filled the bathroom. Stepping under the spray she closed her eyes. Reveling in the way the water hit her skin. Delighting in the feel of the water running over her breasts, looking down to see the water drip from her nipples. Her body fascinated her with the way it responded to different stimuli, at one moment dormant at another so attuned to every touch, the caress of a summer breeze, the soft splash of a spring rain. Closing her eyes once more she gave herself over to the soothing needles of water hitting her body. She sighed gently as the heat of the water seeped into her bones. She stood motionless, enjoying this morning ritual, her mind starting to wander. Unbidden her boss's face loomed large before her. She had fantasized what it would be like to get up close and personal with him. He was a fascinating mix of rough and smooth, a self made man, one who through hard work had built himself an empire. He may now wear the finest suits, live in the lap of luxury and on the best guest list in town, but beneath that exterior she sensed a raw passion. A passion that once released could devastate anything in its way. It was a sensuality that was inside and could never be learnt. 

Barely registering her surroundings, her hand strayed to her pussy, lightly caressing the mound, a clean- mound, smooth and slightly swollen. Her hand going lower, a finger gently touching her clit before running along the slit, parting the lips a little. She shivered at her touch; she was imagining another's finger tracing the path hers was taking. She probed inside her pussy a little, surprised and pleased at how warm it felt, how soft and smooth. Her finger slipped easily inside, and she found herself opening her legs wide, bracing herself against the tiled wall, as she explored her inner depths. Moving her finger slowly in and out she felt the pull of her inner muscles, the feel of them as they contracted around her finger. She increased the speed slightly, wanting to prolong the sensation. All thought of hurrying had fled from her mind; she was focused only on the pleasure centered around her finger, her pussy.

She slid her finger out and brought it to her mouth, she tasted the wetness covering it, sucking it as if it were a lover's cock, her tongue laving its length, her mouth closing over the tip and drawing it in side. She licked it clean sighing as she did so. It was a contented sigh, one borne from the delight of tasting her cream. Today she noticed it was thick and white and had a taste she has never been able to define. With a small giggle she thought that if she could bottle this taste she would make a fortune. Once more reaching down she rubbed her clit, stroking it lightly at first, making it harden and throb, and then she took it between finger and thumb and pinched it. Not too hard but hard enough to make her gasp. A shudder went through her; a moan escaped her throat. Once more she saw her boss's face, his lean, rangy body… she imagined him naked, sitting in his leather chair, waiting for her. She thrust two fingers inside her hot pussy, in and out… her breathing starting to hitch, her muscles tightening. 

Letting go of the wall she slumped against the one opposite, sliding down until she was seated in the tray her legs spread wide, her fingers inside her. She bent her knees and raised her bottom… this position allowing her to reach deeper inside. Her free hand caressed her breasts, pulling on the nipples, making them harden and elongate. As if from a distance she heard herself moaning…. Louder with each thrust each tug on a nipple. She was close to climax. She let go of her nipples and rubbed her clit, hard and fast, wanting to end the torment she had created for herself. Fingers thrusting, going as deep as she could, now three…. In faster and harder, rubbing her clit harder and harder. With a cry she felt her body tighten and shake then with a long moan of pure pleasure she orgasmed. Waves flowing over her as her juices flowed over her hand. Panting she removed her fingers and licked them clean. Standing on shaky legs she let the water hit her again as she quickly washed.

Turning off the taps she exited the shower and reached for a towel. Her eyes noticed the time on the clock and she let out a yell. Dammit she was running even further behind. Muttering under her breath she dried off, threw on her skirt and began looking for a bra, of course in her haste she could not find a clean one and no even more conscious of the time threw caution to the wind and put her blouse on. She hastily donned thigh hi stockings, slipped her feet into her heels and the proceeded to the vanity to apply her makeup. Today she would have to make do with lipstick alone. She had no time for a more elaborate appearance. A look at her hair told her it was a disaster, but with a brush to untangle the knots she gave it a careless blow dry, then twisted it into a knot on top of her head. She surveyed her efforts, decided that she was passable and on her way out the door scooped up her purse and left.

She jumped into her car and with a squeal of tyres was finally on her way. Knowing it was her own fault for running late she never the less tapped the steering wheel impatiently, silently urging the other motorists to hurry. Praying that all the lights would be green. Just as she thought she was safe, that she would make it to the office with minutes to spare, the traffic came to a halt. Letting out a groan of frustration she came to halt and rested her head on the wheel. She berated herself for the indulgence in the shower, despite the pleasure she gave herself, she knew that this morning was not the right time. With a sigh of resignation she lifted her head and waited. Slowly the traffic inched forward, her glances at the clock not helping her state of mind. She debated phoning in and telling them what had happened, but that had happened too many times and she realised that today could very well be her last day.

It was not that she didn't want the job, in fact the very opposite. But she often got so distracted that she lost track of time, and that meant she was often late to bed, thus late to rise and like today late for work. Giving another huge sigh she followed the crawl of traffic. Begging all and sundry to make it move faster. As if her plea was heard her speed picked up and once more she was travelling at something more than a snail's pace. Finally she could she the entrance to the car park, only a feet away. She thanked the unknown helper and turned in and parked. Hoping to enter the office without the boss knowing she was yet again late, she moved quickly but confidently. 

A loud AHEM!! stopped her forward movement. She waited in the hope that she was not the object of that sound. Just as she thought she was safe she heard, "Miss Hart!" the commanding tone giving her no choice but to turn and face the speaker. She turned with as much dignity as she could muster; hoping her suddenly jelly legs would hold her upright. "Yes, Mr. Montrose?" she managed to squeak past her suddenly dry throat. "Will you step into my office for a moment, please," he said, the request sounding more like a command. Without uttering another sound she walked into her boss's office and stood waiting, the soft closing of the door behind him sounding like a gun shot in the silence. She quaked inwardly at what would happen now.

Holding her breath she waited for him to say something, anything. The silence was unnerving. She heard a discreet cough and nearly leapt out of skin, she berated herself for being so jumpy, after all he was human, flesh and blood like she… but oh so handsome a little voice in her head reminded her, and a body to die for. Mentally shaking herself she remained still. After what seemed like an eternity she heard him say. "Please, sit down Miss Hart." She then found that her legs were obeying the command to move and with a sigh of relief she sank onto the nearest chair and with out thinking crossed her silk clad legs. As she was looking down at the time, not yet daring to look at her boss, she noticed that her skirt had ridden up slightly and the lace at the tops of her stockings was visible. With a silent groan for not looking more closely at the skirt she had put on, she tried to carefully to ease it lower in order to cover her thighs. 

She knew it was a futile gesture as the skirt was too short, and while ordinarily she liked wearing it, in fact it was one of her favourites, she wished that today of all days she had grabbed one of her longer ones. Sighing gently she abandoned her efforts and prayed that Mr. Montrose was too distracted to notice. As she glanced up she realised that even that faint hope was dashed as she surprised a look on his face that revealed his admiration for the view he was being given. As he caught sight of her watching him he seemed to put a shutter down over his eyes and clearing his throat became business like.

"Miss Hart," he began, "How long have you worked for this company?" A little startled by the question she readily answered, "Just over three months Mr. Montrose." Oh damn she thought that sounded way too eager and breathy. "Quite correct," he responded. "And in that three months, it has been reported to me, that at least once a week, sometimes more you turn up late for work. Is that a fair assessment?" Swallowing, she answered, "Yes sir, that is correct, but have you also been informed that I stay after normal business hours are over, to make up the time?" She was shocked by her own audacity, inwardly cringing at the words that had come from her mouth unbidden. She closed her eyes briefly as if to ward off the axe she knew was going to fall. But instead of harsh words of reproach she heard a soft chuckle, her eyes opening wide at the sound. Mr. Montrose was smiling, that endearing, quirky smile she had seen him give to others but never her. She opened her mouth to apologise but before she could utter a sound he went on, "Yes Miss Hart I have been informed that you work many more hours to make up for the few minutes you arrive late some days."

She looked at him puzzled … no longer sure why he had stopped her and asked her to come into his office. Unless one was in the upper areas of the business, a call to the boss's office usually meant he was displeased. 

"Umm," she began, stopped, cleared her throat and started again. "Mr. Montrose if my timekeeping is not the problem why have I been called in here?" He gave her an assessing look, from her sleek bob, over her face, down her body, his face flushing as he realised she was braless, then lower to take in her too short skirt and silk clad legs, finally noting her well shod feet. Claudia was still at a loss as to what she was here for, but from the look she saw on his face she told herself that if all he wanted was a good time girl then he was sadly mistaken. Despite the way she dressed and her rather flamboyant manner, she was shy deep down and had had few men in her life. Her outward appearance and actions were more of a façade to cover her true self.

She said not a word waiting for him to answer her question. "Yes right, the reason why I asked you to stop in here." If she didn't know better she was sure that Mr. Montrose was nervous. "Apart from your erratic time keeping, I have been informed by your supervisor that you have been a valuable asset to this company even in the short space of time you have worked here. In fact Mr. McDougal has been singing your praises for some time now." Claudia smiled at the mention of the supervisor's name. He reminded her of a cuddly teddy bear and had been a godsend to her. He saw beneath the front she showed the world and had kindly taken her under his wing till she found her feet. It was to Mr. McDougal that she opened up about her education, what she had been doing before starting work at Montrose Industries and a host of other things she rarely told anyone. And as if he were her father, Mr. McDougal had helped her best he could, delighting when she succeeded.

"Mr. McDougal has told me that you are fluent in several languages, have a Masters Degree in Business, and a year ago was working for one of the biggest firms in this city. Is this true?" he questioned. Claudia had not lied on her application but she had omitted some of these facts. Her reasons why were varied and many but as she was basically an honest woman she told him that yes all of that was true. Thumping a fist on his desk, he growled, "Then why on earth did you apply for a secretarial position in the firm?" A little taken aback by his tone, she simply stated, "It was the only position available, sir." His mouth opened, forming a perfect O but not a sound escaped. She grinned then realising who she was with quickly sobered. "Sorry sir," she said. He waved one of his strong hands and smiled at her. "Miss Hart, in your position I am sure I would have done the same." He winked at her as he said this. She was so delighted by the unexpected wink that she laughed, causing him to laugh as well.

"Ok now for the reason I stopped you this morning Miss Hart," he began, "Before I begin what is your first name? For what I am about to suggest I think we need to be on a first name basis." A stunned look crossed her face as once more she thought he was going to make an improper suggestion. So incensed was she that she uncrossed her legs and half rose from the chair. Standing at her not so impressive 5'2 she began to berate her boss. Uncaring that she may lose her job, that was preferable to being thought of as a toy for him to use. She told him exactly what she thought of men like him who thought they could use their position of power to subject women to unwanted attentions, those that thought that any woman was fair game if she worked for them. She was just getting into her stride and ready to tell him what to do with his proposal when he laughed loudly. The sound rendered her speechless for a moment, then turning on her heel she moved to the closed door. She had never in her life been laughed at like that, she was furious. Guessing that her short and not so illustrious career with Montrose Industries has just come to an end, she decided to throw one more barb before leaving to collect her things. 

Turning to face the man seated behind the desk she got a shock. He had risen and followed her to the door. As she turned her body brushed against his, and as she took a deep breath to still her suddenly racing heart she could smell the cologne he was wearing. It was a woodsy smell, clean and crisp and so indicative of the man wearing it. She almost gasped in shock as she felt him this close, fearful her body would betray how she really felt about him. And she was mortified lest he realise how she felt after she had just roundly chastised him for the sins of others. With a gentle touch he removed her hand from the door handle and led her back to the chair, seating her before resuming his position behind his desk.

"Miss Hart," he tried once more… "Claudia" she breathed. "Claudia it is," he corrected, "As charming and alluring as you are, I have to tell you that my purpose for asking you to talk has nothing what so ever to do with me wanting you, or not wanting you, or what ever…" his voice trailed off at this. "As I was trying to say, before you got your hackles up. Mr. McDougal has been telling me how accomplished you are in the business world and how extensive your experience has been. The proposal I have for you is as a personal assistant to me." He held up his hand to stop her before she could misunderstand again. "Now before you say a word please listen," he continued. "Mary, my current assistant, is soon to take maternity leave and will be gone for a year at least. Therefore, I need someone to take her place. Secondly, as the company is expanding into overseas markets, I need an assistant who is fluent in many languages but who also has a good sense of business. You my dear Claudia seem to fit the bill to a tee." Claudia sat back in the chair stunned by the proposal and then embarrassed for her outburst. "Oh Mr. Montrose, I am so, so sorry for what I said. It was just that, in the past those other kinds of offers have been put forward, and as you heard they have not been welcome." He chuckled a little, but more in understanding of why she misinterpreted what he was going to say. "Claudia, you are a delightful creature, but I do not believe in mixing business and pleasure, at least not in the workplace. Now after hours is a different matter." As she looked at his face she caught a look that told her he was teasing her, making her realise that although her tirade had not been warranted, in this case he was not upset by it.

"So Claudia, do you accept my offer?" It was all Claudia could do to stop herself from jumping up and letting out a yell of delight. Finally someone, a man no less, who wanted her for her mind and not her body. Without thinking she rushed around his desk, flung her arms around his neck and went to kiss him on the cheek. So surprised was Michael, that his hands involuntarily held her waist, his head moving at the last moment so that the kiss landed on his slightly parted mouth. Claudia went to move back but his hands held her fast, his fingers splayed across her back, the warmth of them seeping through the material. Instead of moving as she intended she found her own mouth parting slightly, her tongue touching his lips…as if from afar she heard a groan, not sure if it were her or him. But not wanting to end this sweet torture, wanting it to go on her hands splayed on his shoulders, holding tight as if to let go meant she would fall. Her upper body leaned against his, hr breasts pressed against him, the hardening nipples felt through his shirt. 

With a soft growl he pulled her closer and deepened the kiss, his tongue invading her mouth, almost savagely, a hand going down to touch the top of her stocking, then running up her bare thigh above it. Sliding it beneath her skirt, encouraged by the way she was returning his kiss, by her soft moans in his mouth. H knew this was wrong, it went against all his rules for workplace liaisons, but there was something about this woman that lit a flame inside him, made him want to possess her. He was genuine in the job offer and it had not crossed his mind that there would be anything more, but with her pressed against him, her mouth locked with his, her skin soft and warm beneath his hand, all reason left him. He moved his hand higher encountered a bare buttock, roaming his hand across to the other one it dawned on him that she was naked beneath her skirt. Stunned his hand stilled. He broke the kiss to look into her face. 

She looked down at him, her mind fuzzy with passion, and then as if a light had been turned on she suddenly remembered where she was. This was not one of her many dreams, but stark reality. Her face flamed as her predicament became all too clear. After soundly telling him off, here she was practically draped across his lap asking him to take her. "Oh God," was all she could manage to utter, her mind was still functioning on half speed and his hand now resting on her bare right cheek was not helping. All she wanted was to part her thighs and have him touch her in her most intimate of places, to have him thrust a finger inside her and feel the heat, the wetness, to know how he affected her. Neither moved for several minutes, each wondering what the other would do but neither wanting to let go. With a small sigh she made to move away, his soft, almost silent, "No." stopped her. She looked into his eyes and knew she was lost. She reasoned that what could it hurt, this one time her fantasy would be realised, there may never be another chance for her to be this close again to him and she was willing to risk all, for this one time.
