 I grab you and pull your lips to mine and start kissing you, holding your ass cheeks and squeezing them... Your hands are all over my neck, hair and chest... I'm not apologizing, but I couldn't wait. All the fun and excitement we had when we went out to dinner and teased other, sexually and socially, just rushed into us both. 

We fall onto the bed with me on top and I start licking you from your lips, down your neck and onto your breasts, squeezing them and sucking the top of them... I take off your top and undo your bra, kissing down your stomach getting to your belt... You push my head away, standing me up, you take off my top and kiss and rub your hands down my chest and stomach, easily un-doing my jeans. You just take my semi hard cock out and put it straight in your mouth, and start sucking. You love feeling me get hard in your mouth... Your pussy is dripping wet at this point and you love sucking me because you know that the now rock-hard cock in your mouth will be in your pussy soon. 

My cock may not be the longest, but it is 6 inches, VERY thick, with a nice curve. I love looking down to see you sucking it... Every time you take my cock deep in your throat, but you keep your eyes locked on mine, It's all I can do not to fill your mouth with cum as you twirl your tongue around the head of my cock and nearly choke when you take it all in your mouth... You give me your all, gently tickling my balls with your fingers. My legs are vibrating and shaking. You hear me moaning and cursing and gasping and you just know you could make me cum any time you wanted to...

You take my throbbing cock out of your mouth and giggle and jump back on the bed. The look on my face is so sexy and turned on. I am still breathing heavy from you sucking my cock... You can tell how much i want you. I jump on the bed with you after removing the rest of my clothes... We immediately started kissing passionately again, big long slow kisses with our tongues dancing in each other's mouths.

You are dripping wet with my big hands on your tits, squeezing and rubbing my thumb in cirlce motions over each hard nipple. It just made it that much better, kissing down your body yet again, and this time you let me go all the way...

I pull down your pants and then take them off revealing your panties and I quickly come back up and give you another big kiss. I pull your panties down with my teeth and then take them off. You immediately melt and your legs turn to spaghetti. You close your eyes and bite your bottom lip because you know what my mouth is about to do to you. I take a few long licks up and down you pussy and then focus on your clit... I lick up and down on it and feel your body respond as you moan and squirm in the bed. All too soon, you grab my hair with both hands to hold my head still and you rub your entire pussy up and down all over my lips and tongue very very slowly. You can't hold it anymore and explode in orgasm... I then start sucking on your clit as you are cumming and you half sit up and look at me as you cum again, twice in less than a minute... 

I quickly move up face to face, kissing you again. I look down at your little tight soaked pussy and then back at you... I watch your face as I squeeze my rock hard cock slowly inside of you... Just the head is all I give at first. You nearly scream. You dig your fingers into my arms as I start to push more and more inside of you... 

Once I have all of my cock inside of you, I just relax for a moment and let you get used to the thickness. Your pussy is tightly wrapped around my cock and it feels amazing... Even though I'm not moving, you are grinding that pussy on my cock and all of a sudden your eyes go wide. You look at me and start shaking. You whisper to me, "I'm coming on your cock..." You then started bucking your hips and both your hands went to my lower back to get me to start thrusting my cock... However, I stay still and just let you orgasm and squirm with my cock buried deep inside of you. You didn't care about being quiet any more care and just let out moans and groans and squeals.

As you come down from your orgasmic high, you are biting my neck and whispering in my ear how much you love my cock and how good it feels... I then look in your eyes and say, "My turn..." I start slowly pulling my cock out and when only the head is inside you, I slowly push it all back inside very slowly... But, I start fucking you faster and faster until our bodies are really slapping together... I slow down for a moment, hook my arms under your legs and pick them up... I want my cock inside you at just the right angle... The first time I push all the way in, we both know that's deeper than any other time tonight... You just start cumming and can't stop and want me and need me to cum with you. 

You start begging for it as you're being fucked hard and long and deep... You feel me start to fuck you a little bit faster and harder and hear my breathing increase... You then feel my cock expand and stretch your pussy... You know I'm about to explode. You grab my face with your hands and make me look at you as you say, "shoot it inside me as I cum." You then start counting down from 5. Once you reach zero, we both grunt as I slam my hips into yours one last time and we both cum together. You squeeze my squirting cock as it fills your pussy up with so much sperm... 

Once we catch our breath, I roll off of you into my back, you roll over and out your head on my chest and we drift off to a peaceful exhausted sleep.