 THIS IS PART TWO OF AN ONGOING STORY

So here it was the end of October. Almost two months earlier, I had lost my virginity on the beach in La Jolla to a friend of mine named Erin. Since then, though, we had both been so busy with school that we had barely seen each other, let alone actually had sex again. Beyond that, though I don’t know about her, between band, choir, classes, church, and the intramural volleyball team I was playing on, I hadn’t had any sex whatsoever (my right hand doesn’t count!).

At that point, I was beginning to experience a real case of blue balls. I mean, yeah, I was jacking off just about every night, but the fact of the matter is, once you’ve had the real thing, you can’t go back to your right hand and expect it to satisfy you. I had to get laid, and it had to be soon, or my nuts were going to explode.

And so on the morning of Thursday, the 28th of October, I got up before 7:00 in the morning. I had a raging morning wood, just like I had every morning since Labor Day weekend, but I would get no relief. After getting ready for the day, I realized that, unlike most mornings since the second semester of my freshman year, I actually had time to go to breakfast at the Union. You see, at Fresno State, unlike most schools, the breakfast food at the Union is actually good (I honestly do NOT want to know how they make some of it, though!).

I went into the Union, grabbed an L.A. Times, got a bowl of cereal, some eggs, and some bacon, and headed over to a fairly isolated table in the corner. My old freshman year routine… it was a little weird, but at the same time, strangely familiar.

I was mindlessly staring at a human interest piece on how residents of Florida were cleaning up after the four hurricanes that had hit during the summer when I heard a voice I had not heard in a long time.

“Jason? JASON? Is that you?”

Turning, I saw my old friend Tara, who I hadn’t seen in almost a year, coming toward me. “It IS you!” she said excitedly. “I haven’t seen you in so long!”

I stood up to hug her, but she threw herself on me in a huge bear hug. That was more than enough to wake up my cock and send it straight up, poking into her leg. As luck would have it, she noticed right away.

“Oh my,” she said, laughing nervously. “Hello to you, too!”

“I am so sorry,” I said. “It’s just… ummmm…”

“Blue balls?” she said with a laugh.

“Yeah,” I replied, turning an extremely bright shade of red. “I don’t have a clue what to do about it.”

“Well,” she said, with a grin I hadn’t seen in a long time spreading on her face, “maybe I can help you out.”

You have to understand, Tara is an extremely sexual person, and she’s an exhibitionist as well. There was one time when she got me to make out in the stacks of the library with her, even though there was a security camera pointing straight at her. I had heard about another time when she had a threesome with a couple of guys on top of the pressbox at the football stadium. And then there was an incident I had heard about with her and a beer bottle at her human sexuality discussion group…

Tara told me to sit back down, and then, before I realized what was going on, she had slipped under the table. ZIP. Down went the fly on my jeans, and out came my cock.

I pushed my chair all the way in and picked up my Times, trying to look completely normal. Unfortunately, as she worked her extremely talented mouth on my cock, that became more and more difficult. I had to physically force my hands to relax their grip on the newspaper.

After almost two months, I didn’t last very long. Despite all the control I had gained from nearly ten years of masturbating, I lasted for less than two minutes. As I approached the edge, I said, sotto voce so that nobody else would hear, “I’m about to cum…”

Didn’t matter to her, apparently, as she kept sucking my cock. I gasped and grabbed the paper so hard it ripped in half as my cock spasmed and I shot multiple jets of cum into her waiting mouth. When I finally finished orgasming, I set that section of the paper down, looked around to make sure nobody had seen, and picked up the sports section.

ZIP. Up went the fly on my jeans again, and then a moment later, Tara emerged from under the table, looking as though absolutely nothing had happened. She picked up my glass of milk and drained it – apparently the taste of cum is not too appetizing!

I opened my mouth to try to say thank you, but my throat was completely dry, and my voice wouldn’t come out. She just smiled, said, “You’re welcome,” hugged me and kissed me on the cheek, and then was gone.

Later that morning, I was sitting in my PSY 421 class, listening to the T.A. lecture. Now, when Professor Dracamus lectures, it’s usually very interesting, but he was out today, so his dipshit T.A. was lecturing, and it sucked balls. As I thought that, I wrote “This sucks balls” on my notes, which led my still very horny brain to drift back to this morning and the heavenly blowjob I had received from Tara.

Oops. Up went my cock again, almost immediately. Just as it did so, my friend Andrea looked over at me. Unfortunately, she noticed right away – or maybe it was fortunate. As soon as she noticed, she smiled, very innocently, pulled out a piece of paper, wrote something on it, and handed it to me.

I unfolded it. Hey Jason – you know what would really get me off? If you fingered me, right here, in the middle of the lecture. – luv Andrea

What the fuck? I thought. I looked over at her. The innocent grin was still on her face. I thought about it, and then looked around for a moment. She was sitting right next to me, there was nobody on either side of us, we were in the back row, and due to the way the tables were designed, there was no WAY anybody would be able to see us.

So, with a shrug, I reached my left hand over, tugged out the back of her skirt, and reached under. Ah-ha, she was going commando. Well, no surprise there. Although Andrea plans on remaining a virgin until her wedding night and won’t do oral (she considers it sex), she has no problem with hand-to-genital stuff.

Sticking my middle finger inside of her and locating her clitoris with my index finger, I began working. And this is where the sixteen years of classical piano training really pays off – I have an INCREDIBLE amount of dexterity in my hands, and I can do different things with both of them at the same time.

There I was, in the middle of class, taking notes with my right hand, and finger-fucking Andrea with my left hand. She was still trying to take notes, but her hand was shaking too badly. I looked over at her and whispered, “Don’t worry, you can copy mine.” Relieved, she put her pen down and just enjoyed the ride.

After a couple of minutes, I felt her pussy spasming around my middle finger. She gasped, but fortunately didn’t catch anybody’s attention. She came down quickly, and as I pulled my hand away, I noticed just how wet it was from her juices.

The rest of class went fairly quickly, with the class starting to leave while the T.A. was still lecturing. He tried to make everybody sit back down until he was done, but he just got a large number of middle fingers and “Fuck you”s as everybody left.

As Andrea and I walked down the hall of the Psychology building, Andrea broke loose. “Oh my God,” she nearly shouted. “That was unbelievable. I’ve never done anything like that in public before. I don’t think I’ve ever cummed so hard or so quickly, either.”

“Well,” I said, rather pleased with myself, “I’m glad you enjoyed it so much.”

“It was great – wait a second,” she interrupted herself. We had just passed by a partially open supply closet, and she grabbed my wrist, pulled me inside, and locked the door. She located the overhead light and turned it on.

Pulling a bottle of lotion out of her backpack, she said, “I owe you.” With that, she unzipped my fly, pulled out my still hard cock, put some lotion on it, and went to work with her right hand (she’s a pianist too, so the manual dexterity thing really comes into play!).

It took longer than it had for Tara that morning, but it still was fairly quick. As I approached the edge, I whispered, “I’m about to cum,” through gritted teeth. Andrea grabbed a shop towel with her free hand and held it up to the head of my cock just as it let loose. She managed to catch all of my cum in the shop towel, and then when I was done cumming, she grabbed another shop towel and wiped all the lotion off of my cock and her hand. Then, she dropped the towels down the garbage chute, said, “Bye,” and walked out the door. By the time I walked out the door, she was nowhere to be seen.

The rest of the day was fairly uneventful. There was one somewhat embarrassing moment to the day, though. I had dozed off in my International Policy class, and my cell phone rang. It woke me up, and I woke up so violently that I fell out of my chair. Of course, between that and the phone, it caused some laughter. I quickly got back into the chair and turned off the phone, doing my best to pretend like nothing had happened.

When I left class, I checked my phone again, and sure enough, there was a voicemail message. Pressing the button to access my voicemail, a message from Erin popped up. “Jason,” she said, “I was wondering if you would be able to come over tonight and help me study for my music theory test. I’ve got most of the concepts, but secondary dominants are being a pain in the ass. I know you’re good at this stuff, and we really haven’t gotten the chance to hang out a lot lately, so it would be great if you could. Give me a call. Bye!”

Well, well, well. Opportunity of opportunities. I called Erin back, and we agreed on 6:00. It was just after 5:00 already, so I quickly headed home. When I got there, I hopped in the shower, shaved, put on some casual-nice clothes, and something I almost never use – a little bit of cologne. I’ve been told that this cologne I wear, in the amount I wear it, is just enough so that girls can’t really smell it, but their noses detect it and it really turns them on.

I arrived at Erin’s apartment at ten after six – traffic was a bitch going across campus. When I knocked on her door, she opened it, looked at me, and said, “I was afraid you weren’t going to make it.”

I looked back at her. She looked incredible. She was dressed in a pink off-the-shoulder t-shirt that showed just a touch of cleavage and a pair of very tight white jeans that perfectly accentuated her ass. “Are you kidding?” I replied. “I wouldn’t miss the chance to hang out with you.”

She had made dinner, and being a college student, I’m never one to pass up free food. After a fantastic meal (I did not know what a good cook she was!), we turned to the joy of secondary dominants.

It took almost an hour, but we were finally able to get to a point where she understood one of the most difficult concepts of music theory and was confident in her knowledge of it. With a sigh of relief, she closed her textbook and tossed it on the coffee table.

“You know,” she started, “that night in La Jolla…”

Hmmm. Where was this going?

“It was… it was incredible,” she said. “You should know… I haven’t been with any other guys since then. I kept hoping you would call, but you never did… which kind of hurt.”

Aw, fuck. I KNEW I should’ve called her, I knew it! I just never seemed to have the time – I was always out late doing band or choir stuff, and by the time I got home, it was always too late. “I’m sorry,” I began. “I didn’t mean-“

Putting a finger up to my lips, she shushed me. “It doesn’t matter,” she replied.

I was a little confused. “It doesn’t?”

“No,” she said, with the evil grin that started it all spreading across her lips, “because I’m going to give you the chance to make it up to me.”

If my jaw could’ve hit the floor, it would have. As it was, my mouth just dropped open, and she started laughing. “Oh, if you could see yourself right now,” she said between bursts of laughter. “You’ve just been offered sex and all you can do is sit there with your mouth hanging open.”

Well, this was getting off to a fantastic start. Composing myself, I closed my mouth, grabbed her, and french kissed her as hard and as forcefully as I could. She responded immediately, pressing her entire body against me – and once again, my cock came immediately to attention.

“Hmmm,” she said thoughtfully, pulling back a bit. “That was quick. You haven’t had any sex for the last two months, have you?”

Now how the hell did she know that? I asked her exactly that.

“Well, the speed with which you sprang up was pretty much a dead giveaway. Don’t worry, though, because we’re going to do something about it!”

With that, she pulled my jeans down, but left my boxers, and then removed my shirt, and did something that she did the first time we had sex – she ran her fingernails across my nipples. In La Jolla, it had almost made me cum, but this time, with so much pent-up energy, I just couldn’t hold it back. “Oh, fuck,” I gasped, as I cummed right into my boxers.

“Oh my,” she said, cocking an eyebrow. “American Pie style, huh?”

I gave her a death glare that I had picked up as a camp counselor. “That’s not funny,” I snapped. “It’s not my fault that I’ve got a Guinness Book case of blue balls.”

“I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” she apologized. “But if you do have blue balls that bad, then I’m sure there’s more where that came from – no pun intended.”

With that, she removed my soggy boxers, and told me to sit down. Though my cock was still hard as a rock, she apparently wanted to give me a little time to recover, because she stepped back and started doing a little strip tease.

Her shirt came off first, flying into the corner of the room, revealing a sheer bra beneath. This was a bra intended only to support, not to conceal anything. Then, turning and bending over, she began removing her jeans at an agonizingly slow pace. She inched them down, exposing first her thong – again, sheer – then all of her perfect ass, and then slid them down and over her feet.

Turning to face me again, she said, “You have to remove the rest.”

I stood up and crossed to her. Once again, the manual dexterity of being a pianist served me well, as I was able to reach behind her with one hand and undo the clasp on her bra, releasing her breasts against my bare chest. I kissed her, and then began kissing downward, spending a moment at her breasts, and eventually getting to her stomach. I stopped there, despite her protests. Then, ever so slowly, I removed her thong, sliding it off of her just as slowly as she had removed her jeans.

I applied just the barest of pressure from my tongue against her clit, but it was more than enough to make her gasp. After teasing her for a few minutes, I stood up. “So…” I said, “should I make up my lack of a call to you now?”

“Definitely,” she replied, taking me by the hand and leading me to her bedroom.

I laid Erin down in the middle of her queen sized bed, and then I laid down on top of her. Placing the head of my cock against the lips of her pussy, I ever so slowly guided myself into her. Over her protests, I thrust very slowly at first, so that I would not cum too quickly, and despite her protests, she appeared to be enjoying it greatly.

After a couple minutes of this, I realized that after cumming already three times today, with one of those times within the last ten minutes, it would probably be a while before I came again. I sped up my thrusting, and before I realized it, Erin was cumming herself. She dug her fingernails into my back, and though it hurt like hell, I let her. I understood the type of orgasm she must have been going through!

When she finished, she laid back and relaxed. “You’re not done yet, are you?” she asked.

“Nope,” I replied.

“Well then, we’ll just have to try something else.”

With that, she got up, turned so that her back was to me, and knelt down on the bed. “Let’s try it doggy-style,” she said.

I knelt behind her, and once again, I very slowly entered her. I began thrusting again; however, I started fast this time. I pounded my cock into her pussy as hard as I could, my balls slapping against her cunt with every thrust. As my body impacted hers, it would make her tanned ass cheeks shake and she would cry out. As I approached orgasm, she began approaching her own again. She began shaking, and then, just as I began cumming, her elbows gave out and she collapsed, face first, onto the bed.

The sudden motion caused her to pull away from me, and my cock came springing out of her pussy, spraying cum. Grabbing it, I managed to spray most of it onto the small of her back. When I finished, I realized that she was looking to her left, in the mirror on her closet door. “Damn,” she said, “I’ve only ever seen that type of thing done in porn movies.”

Thinking of our sex on the beach episode, I went and grabbed my discarded boxers. Being careful to avoid the already cum-soaked area of them, I wiped the cum off of Erin’s back. She turned over, smiled – that evil, evil grin again! – and said, “So, what would it take to get you to spend the night?”

After doing a final review for her music theory exam, I ended up spending the night at Erin’s place. Strangely enough, we both woke up at 2:00 AM to use the bathroom, and we ended up fucking again – doggy-style again, this time with her bent over the bathroom counter. After cumming deep inside of her, I fell back asleep almost immediately – my body exhausted from cumming five times in eighteen hours.

When I woke up, it was almost 10:00 AM. Good thing I have no classes on Friday. Erin was gone, but there was a note on the pillow beside me.

Jason – thanks for helping me study, and for… everything else. We’ll have to do this more often… like tonight! Don’t be such a stranger this time! Love, Erin.

I tossed my boxers in the trash – that was two pairs I had lost to sex with Erin now! – got dressed, and headed out to my car. It was as I was driving home that I realized something – for the first time in two months, I didn’t have a massive morning wood.

I rolled down the windows, turned up the Maroon 5, and a big smile broke out on my face as I drove home. It was going to be a fantastic weekend.