 One Spring Morning, She finally gets him naked in her arms … One Spring Morning

It is about 9:30 in the morning of a late spring day. The place is a mid-west university town. In a quiet neighborhood North of campus the trees are in full leaf. The sun is bright, the air is warm and the buzz of life is in the air. 

No more work today. Grad school spring finals are over for Dave. He's ready for the break between Spring and Summer quarters. His Research Assistant job is already shutdown for two weeks. He turned in the take home final for his Engineering Mechanics - Vibrations of Structures class at 8 am. Phew, finals are OVER. 

Finding the early morning is most productive he got up at 2 am to finish off the test and check his work. He had gone to bed at 10 pm, slept well and woke to a quiet house. This test was hours of matrix calculations deriving eigenvalues, you had to show your work. The professor shared the answer after collecting papers. Dave knows he got the answer correct. Grades will be based on showing detailed work. He feels sure of an A. 

Now it is time to relax, do something to take the edge off his manic caffeine powered buzz. The house is quiet; housemates are out working or studying. 

He's soaking in a hot bath, reading a paperback copy of “The Mote in Gods Eye”, smoking a jay. No plans, just relax, spaced out. After all, it's Thursday of finals week. He thinks everybody else is still cramming for finals. He has been grinding out work, out of touch most all of the week, now he just plans to chill, hanging out for the rest of the day. 

The phone rings, breaking into his other-world experience. He reached for the extension on a long cord. 

Picking up the phone he answers in his best smokey Maynard G. Krebs, "You rang?" then hears a breathless stream of words. 

"Hi Dave, It's Sandy. Come over here quick. I need you. Park in the back." CLICK.

She hung up without saying goodbye or waiting for an answer. 

Phone to his ear, his eyes close to a mental picture of the curvy curly blonde haired woman and their last time together. It warms him with a sexual glow. 

Sandy and Dave have known each other for years. Flirted, then even went further than extra friendly exploratory kisses. Even made it all the way to body groping, but they were dating others. It didn't go any further but the thought was there. Tempting. They crossed paths at parties, making weed connections, or with a hiking and camping group. They know lots of the same people and always had fun together. After her last romantic breakup in January, Sandy disappeared into Mexico for months. Now Sandy is back in town. 

Dave has been a free agent since his most recent serious romance fell apart last fall. He escaped with only minor emotional scarring. 
................................................................................
Sandy called Dave last Monday, a friendly call right out of the blue. He quickly agreed to give her a ride to her new night job, answering the phone for an answering service. She volunteered to walk over to his house a little early for a 'Welcome Back' visit. That visit turned into a kissy face make out session. 

Dave always had beer and weed so, in the spirit of sharing, their visit began sitting together close on the couch building a mild buzz. 

“So, tell me about Mexico.” Dave had asked while rolling a number. 

“It was fun, but I'm glad to be back. I went all the way to the pyramids near Cozumel, but I ran out of money for gas and had to sell my VW bug. It wasn't bad. It was worth more in Mexico than I paid for it here, so I kind of got my trip for free. It was getting pretty beat up, back roads in Mexico are rough. Don't know if I was really allowed to sell it in Mexico, but what the heck, they paid me cash. I'll get another car in a while.”

He relights the number takes a toke and passes it to her. After he exhales, he asks. 

“So how did you get around after that?”

“There were a bunch of guys camping out of a van by the pyramids. I caught a ride with them. It seemed OK at first. But, two of the guys got weird. Possessive weird. Wanted me to say which one was my boyfriend. Neither one was worth getting naked with. They were losers. I was just hitching a ride. Being with them got old quick. I'd seen most everything I wanted to see. Being on the road for months like that can get old. I ditched them and bought a bus ticket home. That was wild. There were pigs and chickens on the bus. Sometimes I rode on top with the luggage.” 

She sat close as she told her story. Her body touched his from lips to toes. Her hand explored his face, his hand held her neck as his thumb caressed her ear. 

“I called Debbie to ask if I could get back in my old place. Then I called you. You're one of the first friends I've seen. I really miss friends like you. I was thinking about you, since before Mexico.” said Sandy.

After she takes a toke, Sandy pulled Dave into a kiss. She blows the smoke into his lungs then plugs him with her tongue. The kiss is every bit as mind bending as the weed. Maybe more. It fired their lust. 

His fingers combed up into her curly blonde hair from the back of her neck. He held her gently as they kiss. Sandy's nipples crinkle tight as she pulls him firmly into a full body hug. He leans back against the arm of the couch, pulls her leg over his so she straddles his thigh. Her magnificent breasts mash against his chest. He caresses her firm round ass. The side of his arm rubs the side of her breast. 

Coming up for air, she humped her pussy down hard on this thigh and asked, “How about you, what have you been doing?”

Foreheads together they talk quietly. Noses trace each others face. The aroma of the others skin is more intoxicating than any drug. 

“I've been busy with classes and work, haven't been seeing anyone seriously, just dating around. I was glad when you called.” 

Hungry for him she kisses his neck below his ear, nosing into his hair she licks his skin. Her fingers touch him strongly exploring, invading, taking possession. One arm is tunneled between the couch and the small of his back, the other traces the terrain of his body openly. Fingertips over nipples, under arms, along jaw line... 

She ask about a long list of mutual friends. He answers as they both stumble around her indirect way of asking who he is seeing, 'not seriously'. The unstated question; “Who are you sleeping with?”

Legs entwined, groins pressed into each other the conversation continues between kisses. Freely feeling each others bodies through their clothes they mutually stroked what they could reach. 

She asks in a sexy whisper, “What do you think about me?”

He replies with a growling moaning,“OH... Sandy, I've wanted to be with you for a long time. But first you were dating Mark, then Roger, then Bill. They are my friends too. It seemed every time you broke up, I was dating someone. It was always complicated. Seems we were always out of synch. I remember your goodbye kiss before you split for Mexico. My heart was calling, 'Don't Go!'” 

“But my head knew you were hurting and angry and dead set on leaving. I liked kissing you. I like kissing you. I wanted more. But, I know how it feels when you have heartburn.” 

Their clothes are in disarray, his hand cups her breast, thumb on her nipple. Tongues engage in exploration. Her hand strokes his hardcock through his jeans. 

“What do you think now?” she asks softly. Pointed. Awkward, but if you don't ask you don't get. 

“I want you, I think you can feel how much I want you. But...I worry about getting serious. We've known each other for a while, I like you a lot. I don't want to lose you as a friend. The last time I got serious it turned out bad. I lost a good friend and lover. So tell me, Can we be friends and fuck each other, or is friendship doomed if we have sex?”

With her skirt rucked up around her waist, her panty covered pussy rubbing his thigh, her hand tracing his hard cock-shaft she replies. “Oh Damn, I don't know. I don't care. I want you right now. I've been thinking about fucking you for the last six months. Yeah, that's before I broke up with Bill. It might be why I broke up with Bill. If I was that crazy for you, he must not have been the one. You were a test. He didn't pass. I swore off cock for a while. I needed Mexico to get my head straight.” 

“I'm crazy horny for your cock. But, I gotta be careful too. I don't know what's right long term, but I'm not going to be celibate anymore either. Right now tonight I just want some talk between friends, with kissing and messing around with clothes on. OK? Besides, I hav'ta go to work, remember? OK?” 

Reluctantly, quietly, he kisses her lightly and says, “Yeah, OK.” and seals it with a long tongue kiss and full body hug. 

Smiling and undeterred, Sandy snuggles her breasts closer into his chest, cups his balls and changes the subject slightly. “Are you seeing any one I know?”

A complication Dave hasn't mentioned... Before Sandy split to Mexico she introduced Dave to several of her friends. Two of the friends, Rachel and Lindy, got very friendly. 

“Well, I've spent time with Lindy and Rachel but I can't say that it's going anywhere serious with either of them. Rachel and I have lots of fun together. I see her often, but it isn't serious. She's going back to the farm, that isn't for me.”

“Yeah, she told me all about your first time together. You can call her any time. She really likes you.”

“Should'a figured you two would talk to each other,” confesses Dave.

While humping his thigh, Sandy's hand was teasing and squeezing the length of his pants covered cock. As it stiffened she arranged it expertly pointing straight up with the tip almost out of his pants. Now reaching her fingertips under his belt she can stroke around his bare cockhead. The center of Sandy's body pressed closely to his, her breasts spread to either side flattened against his chest. His arms surround her as fingers rake through her hair aiming her lips into a long lasting kiss. She breaks to pant as his free hand caresses her behind from her ass to pussy lips. 

Still forehead to forehead she speaks right into him with a smoking hot sexy voice, “I'd like some of what she had with you. It sounded hot” 

Exhaling with a sigh, he responds. By circling her prominent nipple with his thumb tip. 
“No secrets 'eh? I think women talk more about sex than men. I hope she didn't exaggerate.” 

Sandy has his buckle and fly loose to make more space for her hand as she says, “Doesn't feel like an exaggeration. So what about Lindy?”

Her question pulses blood to bulge his cock in her hand as much as her strokes. He counters with a tweak of her hard standing nipple between his fingers as he closes for another kiss. Coming up for air he responds.

“I saw Lindy several times after you introduced us.”
“Our first date tells the story. I was to pick her up at 5 to get acquainted, then go to dinner and a party. She met me at the door in nothing but a little robe. She pulled me into the house, said, 'I'm horny, itching for a fuck all day.' Her kiss seemed to shoot her tongue down my throat. She hooked her leg through mine and humped my thigh. The robe came open. She was naked. She said, 'If you don't fuck me good, I'll call someone who will. Get naked, NOW.'” 

“Sounds like Lindy,” Sandy giggled. 

“She pulled my clothes off faster than I could right there by the door. She pushed me against the door and sucked my cock to the root. She scraped her teeth all the way back to the head. Nearly bit the helmet off. Seemed like she was trying to suck my balls out through the end of my dick. When I was close she dragged me to her bed, lay down and pulled me in. She's a screamer, you know. It didn't take much time at all before she was screaming doing this crazy squeeze with her cunt on my cock. I lost it, shot my load and collapsed. She sucked me hard again and got on top to do it all over again. I lost count.” 

“Oh Dear, Poor Baby.” She said with exaggerated concern, “I hope you weren't scarred.” as she tenderly strokes the head of his cock.

“I like sex, but Damn. She was insatiable,” he laments. “We never did get to dinner. If you survive, the sex is very enjoyable. If you survive.” with a wistful smile.  

“But the rest of Lindy is a load to take. Way to much bossy you gotta do this, you gotta do that. If you don't do or agree with everything, look out. I don't like her manipulating controlling manic drama.”

“We went to her place after your Mexico send off party. I guess it's not secret, sex with Lindy goes nonstop full speed. I barely escaped with my life.” 

“I'd get naked and fuck her again in a minute, but we won't ever be a couple. She is just too pushy wacky.” 

With her skirt all bunched up around her waist, Sandy lay on top of Dave. Her breasts pressed against his chest, head on his shoulder, his belt is open and fly spread, u-trou covered boner rubbing her panty covered pussy.

“Yeah, I know. That's why I set you up. You needed some hot sex. She told me you could keep up. You even wore her out. She won't ever show it though. Show weakness. Too much old pain. Fuck her hard she just goes for more. You made her crazy when you wouldn't do what she wanted.”

Sandy was silent for a while. “You know maybe it's because her dad made her fuck him until she went to college. She needs sex but won't ever let anyone force her again. I think that's what makes her so pushy.”

Dave is lost in thought over the complications of this revelation. 

Sandy is silent again for a moment then whispers into his ear, “I could use some hot sex too, but I have to go to work.” 

“Are you serious? I'm gonna have blue balls for sure. I'll bet you have the girl version too.”

“You'll have'ta take care of that yourself, much as I'd like to, we need a rain check and I've got to get to work. Not like we haven't been here before. Right? It's gonna happen, just not right now.”

“I'd be happy to treat you to some of what ever you want. Too bad you have to go. If you need to be there by 9 we have got to leave, I don't want you to be late on my part.”

So out of time, before any real sexy fun began, they had to split. Both of them buzzed and horny. After driving Sandy to her new night job answering phones at a pager company Dave was off to bed for his early morning study routine. Before sleep would come he jerked off big-time to fantasies of sex with Sandy. Sandy was faster, she stopped in the restroom on her way into work to rub-off a quick one. With her eyeballs back in her head a little while, she lit a cigarette to mask the sex then put in her shift spiced with daydreams of dick. 

During the ride they confirmed, both are now free agents. Very free agents. Very soon they will pick up where things left off. Very soon. Neither could deny the promise of hot sex was clearly on both of their minds. 
..................................................................................

His daydream was broken by the off-the-hook warble from the phone pressed to his ear. 

He belatedly responded, "OK. See you soon." to the dead phone ... 'What better way to kill the morning?' Thinks Dave. 

He dried off and dressed in t-shirt, cut-off shorts and trusty water buffalo sandals. 

The sun is bright as it nears 10 am. It will be a hot spring day.

He drives his aging but stately '51 Cadillac sedan DeVille the short way to Sandy’s.

It's not far as the crow flies, but in this neighborhood the direct route cuts across steep ravines, the flat route is a roundabout way. Whichever way he goes, he expects the day to eventually require wheels and quick mobility, not a long walk. 

Turning down the alley behind her house, he parks on the concrete pad where the garage once stood. Sandy shares the upper half of a duplex. The house sits facing the lip of a steep ravine. Her second floor back door is just a few steps up from the walk to the garage pad.

If you take the street to the front door, the first floor opens more than half way up the hill. Sandy has a door in the front, but you have to climb two long flights of stairs just to get to the first floor front door. 

The parking pad is usually filled with the other resident’s cars, but like Dave's house this morning, everyone else is away. Parking in the back is a rare treat. 

Dave ducks into the shade under the ivy covered arbor at Sandy’s back door. As he knocks, Sandy quickly peeks over the cafe curtain on the back door. 

She stands hidden in deep shadow behind the door as Dave steps into the kitchen. Coming into the dark room, he is temporarily blinded. Blinking he turns to see a dim outline of Sandy as she closes the door. Dimly at first, his eyes adjust from sun blindness to the dim kitchen light. 

Holy Shit! Sandy is Naked! Sandy is grinning. 

His eyes scan from her face down her body. Her full breasts ride high on her chest, a hint of crease folds then opens under them as she raises her arms to lock the door. Her golden halo of curls is lit in the daylight shining in above the cafe curtain on the door. 

She turns, her arms spread out to him offering a welcoming a hug. 

What a sight. Sandy's full C cup boobs spread wide on her chest topped with big pale puffy aureoles. Those puffy circles stand out from her breasts, fat as a nymphet’s budding tit. 

Perky slightly upturned nipples spike with her arousal and tip the delicious swinging boobies as Sandy wiggles doing the twist in excitement. 

Remnants of her Mexican tan, Freckles dust her shoulders and prominent collar bones. Sandy is a strong woman. She plays baseball and rides her bike lots. The lower edge of her ribs are apparent over her trim stomach, yet her soft female padding smooths the muscles of her shoulders and arms giving her sexy curves. 

A trim tuft of light blonde pussy fur stands as a crest over her lower lips and disappears between her legs. Dave’s stare runs back and forth from her wide grin down her long legs all the way to her pink toenails and back to her sparkling eyes. Grinning smile. 

He is nodding like a fool running his eyes up and down. Can't get enough of her. 

She is a fabulous sexy sight. 

He reaches to take her in his arms. 

Sandy straight arms her hands on his chest holding him away saying, “Stop! I'm all Oily! Get naked or you'll ruin your clothes!” 

With a grin Dave strips off his shirt replying, "Your wish is my command." 

He pops the button fly of his cutoff jean shorts and lets them fall. Then he strips his u-trou down his legs. Stepping out of his sandals, u-trou and shorts all at once his boner is half hard and rising fast. 
Dave pulls Sandy into the offered hug. 

Sandy is covered with a light film of baby oil. Her body is warm and slippery in embrace. Dave kisses her softly on the lips.

The whole scene has taken seconds and Dave’s cock is still filling. Filling fast. 

As they hug and kiss Sandy slides her hard tipped nipples across his chest. Sandy stands shorter than Dave but her long legs make their groins line up. Dave’s cock rises into the gap between her legs and he can feel the tickle of her pubes as his cock snuggles against her love nest. Her arms reach up around his back pulling him into a full frontal slithering hug. 

The hug warms Sandy, her groin tingles radiating warmth from her pussy to her nipples. 

His rising cock is loose in the gap between her legs even as she puts her knees together. 
Dave cups her buns low squeezing them between his hands. Her pussy slithers against the top of his cock as her thighs ensnare his shaft. The crown of his dick reaches beyond her body. His cock slides close to heaven. Their sexes tease each other as the two rock back and forth enjoying a deep kiss. The most sensuous concentrations of nerves in their bodies touch naked for their first mutual exploration. Her arms now around his neck smash her full firm breasts against his chest. She is slick, sliding against him at every point of contact. The fire in their gonads goes from smoldering coals to a full on blaze. 
