 As I look out the window a feeling of intense excitement shudders through my body, seeing the dark gray clouds devour the blue skies. I can hear the threat of a storm getting closer and closer. It is speaking to me, telling me to be scared. I can see flickers of light striking down, guiding the storm. The cool, brisk wind sneaks in the window as I watch it dance with the curtains.

Knowing it's only a matter of time before the power goes out, I gather the candles to be lit. Listening as the rain starts out slowly, I decide to go lay down and wait it out. With each passing moment I can hear the raindrops getting harder. The thunder echoes through my ears. I snuggle up to my pillow as I start to drift off to sleep. 

After a few moments I am startled awake by a loud clash of thunder. I light the candle by my bed and lay there calming myself down. I begin to sense I am no longer alone. I believe I know who is with me but how can that be? Am I still dreaming? I can't be. I can still hear the forcefulness of the storm coming. 

I can barley see your shadow from the candle. I question my own mind until you move towards me. Frightened, I jump out of bed and back up to the window. I can feel the cool breeze still coming in the window as before, so I know I cannot be dreaming. 

I start to shiver as you slowly emerge from the shadows. Leaning up against the wall, I close my eyes. I am afraid to look, if this is not real then I would wake up; if I was dreaming. I can feel your eyes on me as you stand before me. They are drinking me in inch by inch. You raise your hand to my face. My body tenses as your fingers trace my eyes, down my nose, over my lips and down my neck. You place your hands on both sides of me against the wall and lean in to me. I can feel your hot breath on my neck waiting for that first touch of your lips but instead I hear you inhale deeply making my sweet scent the oxygen for your body. 

I can feel your power over me, making me feel vulnerable. I am trapped between you and the wall and yet I am not scared. In one swift movement you pin my hands above my head, securing them with one hand. With your free hand you cup my breast, running your fingertips over the fabric, watching as my nipple starts to harden underneath. Lowering your, mouth I can feel the wetness of your tongue through the satin. Flicking your tongue over my nipple as though the fabric was not even there. Placing it between your teeth and biting gently. Reaching under the short nighty, I can feel your fingers outlining my full breast. Grazing your thumb over my nipple, feeling how hard it is with excitement.

You start to pinch it lightly, teasing it with your fingers. Now irritated with the fabric that keeps you from seeing what you desire you give one hard tug on one strap and then the other breaking them free. I only just stand there frozen with my eyes closed. I can only feel the excitement of not knowing what you are going to do next. I feel your hot mouth engulf my breast as your hand grabs it firmly, your tongue rolling over and over my nipple. Sucking it in and letting it go. Seductively teasing my nipple with your tongue and lips. Gliding your tongue from one nipple down my cleavage and up to the other. Giving it the same erotic attention as the other. Feeling your hand run down my body slipping my panties off my hips allowing them to drop. Thrusting your knee between my legs making them separate as you feel your way up my thigh. 

With the tips of your fingers you start to tease the outside of my hot spot. You sigh as your fingers find there way in and feel how wet I am. Slipping a finger inside and running it from my hot pussy up to my clit, my body jerks from the intense feeling. You start to massage my clit gently in a circular motion as your mouth flicks my nipple imagining it was my swollen knob. Finally pressing your hardness against my body, letting me know how much you desire to be in me. 

Not able to contain your craving any more you release my hands. With my eyes still closed I put my hands on your chest and run them down to your pulsating, hard cock. I slide down, still between you and the wall, as I place the tip of it in my mouth. Licking all the pre-cum off the head, I start to roll my tongue over it. My hand strokes the shaft as I wrap my lips around the head and suck gently inching down the shaft slowly, my hand never stopping. Tracing the length of it with my tongue, I make my way up to the top just to follow it back down again. Feeling the soft skin as I rub the hardness over my face. Licking the shaft back down. I gently slide my tongue over your balls, sucking one in and twirling it around in my mouth massaging it with my tongue. Releasing it to suck in the other and feeling it roll around in my mouth. Sucking in both as my tongue firmly massages them; twirling them around in my wet, hot mouth. Making my way back up the shaft leaving a sweet wet trail from my tongue as I wrap my lips firmly around the head and suck in making my way down your shaft as my mouth waters. Reaching around to your butt as I squeeze it pulling you in deeper. Having your head touch my tonsils as I take all of you in. Squeezing tighter as you stand there looking down at me while watching your hard dick disappear in my steamy mouth. 

Putting your hand on the back of my head as you start to thrust a bit harder fucking my mouth. You can feel it all building stronger and stronger. Wanting to see it come from the head onto my tongue as I drink you in. With you in control you start to pull out and slide it in with long strokes. Feeling my tongue go over every ripple and massaging every vein, feeling your hard cock pulsating in my mouth. Calming down a bit you thrust with longer and harder strokes. Watching the fluids drip from my chin onto my breast. Putting your fingers down there so you can feel my lips wrapped around your hard cock and how hard and wet you are. Your sighs turn into moans....getting louder with each stroke of my mouth. 

''I want to see it'' you say, thrusting it into my mouth a few more times. You start to stroke as I lick the head with my mouth open, wanting to taste you. You lay your head on my tongue giving it one more, hard stroke, as your knees grow weak. You're moaning loudly as you explode all your excitement inside my mouth. Wrapping the head with my lips I take you in, feeling me swallow you as I milk the rest from you with my lips and tongue. I then lick the head getting any of you that I missed. 

Grabbing my arms and lifting me up you push me down on to the bed, almost in a hasty manner, as if you are upset that I took control over you. Sensing your agitation I can feel an uneasy tremble settling in my stomach. Not daring to open my eyes to see what you are doing but hearing you rip the straps off my nightgown. You pull my hands to the railing of the bed. I can feel you are tying me up.

Now bound to the bed by the straps that held my nightgown on, I feel ashamed for being naked. I hear you tearing the nightgown. I am still scared to open my eyes, but not in fear of waking up now, but scared it might upset you if I see your face. 

I feel the warmth of your hand as you gently wipe away the tears that have escaped from my eyes. Covering my eyes with the satin so I cannot see even if I wanted to, you lean down into me kissing my check lightly and whispering into my ear "I will never hurt you". The soothing of your voice reinstalls in me security that I can trust you. 

I can hear the thunder and the lightening respond to each other, each yelling as if trying to voice which one is bigger and stronger. I can tell by the sounds of the storm we are not in the middle of it yet for it is stalling, just waiting for the perfect moment to attack. 

Seems like many minutes have passed and still I cannot tell what you are doing. I can sense you are there and I can feel your eyes on my body but what are you doing? I start to tug just bit at the ties around my wrist with anticipation but you grab my hands and order for me to stop. 

From the candles burning on my night stand you poor the hot wax over my body starting at my stomach and making a trail over one nipple to the next. Rubbing your fingers over the hot wax as it hardens in the perfect form of my now intensely aroused nipples. Pouring more onto my body running your fingers through it, over my ribs and down to my belly. With you standing there watching as the wax takes form. I can sense that this excites you for your breathing starts to quicken. Looking down at me as if I have become your artwork. Placing the candle back in it's holder, you start to peel the wax slowly exposing the red, glistening flesh of my body where it has slightly burned me. With each piece you remove you replace it with the warmth of your tongue and the wetness of your mouth. First your tongue caresses my nipples while each very sensitive nerve is awake, creating such intense feelings, almost causing me to climax. 

Rolling your tongue over my nipple sucking harder and harder while your hands finish removing the wax on my stomach. You start to kiss your way down my breasts, over my ribs to my belly caressing the delicate skin with your lips and tongue. Taking a piece of ice from the glass of water on the table and letting it drip onto my firmly erect nipple. Watching how my body squirms as it goes from one extreme to the next. Slowly circling the nipple with the piece of ice and then sucking it into your hot mouth sends my body in to ecstasy. 

Moaning loudly, I feel the explosion escape from my body. Putting the ice into your mouth you kiss me long and hard letting what is left of the ice slip into my mouth. Retrieving another piece you slowly make a trail down between my breasts, down my tummy and from side to side over my hipbones, tracing my bikini line. Running your fingers over the wet trail left behind from the ice, you start to run another piece down my thighs. Pushing my legs apart gently as you slide a piece of ice up slowly from the inside of my knee over the inside of thighs. Taking another piece you place it in the palm of your hand as you cover my hot pussy and feel the heat as it melts.

Massaging the outside of her lightly, you put another piece in your mouth making it nice and cold. You lower yourself and cover her, this time with your mouth, feeling the heat of her as the ice melts on your tongue. My body tenses as I start to feel your cold tongue slip in between my warm lips. Pushing my legs further apart more forcefully, you start to dig in not able to get enough. 

Burying your head between my thighs as you lick along the sweet wetness. Sliding your tongue into my hot, wet pussy, moving your tongue in large circular motions to feel all around the inside. Sucking in my sweetness. Running your tongue up the walls slowly teasing the inside of me, making my clit crave your attention that much more. Rolling your tongue all around my clit but never touching it with the warmth of your tongue. 

I moan as my body tenses from the teasing of your tongue. I scream begging for you to lick my clit. The desire builds higher in my body as I start to shake from the intense excitement. I bear down on your tongue wanting to feel your lips wrapped around her. I keep begging you to please stop teasing me. You lower your tongue back into my sweet pussy. Licking her more forcefully now plunging your tongue in and out of her. Fucking my wet pussy with your stiff tongue as I start to rock my hips on it.

Grinding harder and harder letting you lick all her juices. You stop again and trace the inside back up to my clit as you spread me open wider. You lay your tongue flat on my clit and with one hard lick send waves of ecstasy through my body as I moan even louder then before. Your face is covered with my sweet juices as they flow into your mouth. 

Thrusting my clit harder and harder on your tongue riding it. Wanting so badly to push on your head deep inside my wet, hot pussy but not able to move my hands. I start to buck my hips as my climax builds and builds, wanting to give you all of me that you want. 

Feeling you slide a finger inside me you feel the walls just squeezing sporadically. The tightness of my sweet little pussy has excited you. Feeling your cock grow amazingly hard you want to feel the hot silkiness of my wet pussy wrapped around you. Raising your body over mine, lifting my hips to straddle you. Watching as you slide just the head in my wet pussy, pulling out and seeing how the wetness makes the head sparkle in the light of the candles. 

Hearing the thunder pound harder around us, you thrust yourself inside me as I moan loud, "OH MY GOD". My sweet wet pussy wraps around your hard cock as you pound harder and harder on her keeping up with thunder outside as if it was speaking to you, "you can do it HARDER". Grinding your hips faster and harder with each stroke. Taking your fingers and massaging my clit I cannot hold it any longer. I start to scream. My moans drown out the thunder. My fluids flow over your hard cock. My pussy squeezing down on you, milking your shaft as it slides harder and faster in me. 

You arch your back thrusting one long stroke and I can feel you explode inside me. Hearing your moans blending in with mine. Hearing the thunder rumble through the house as your body goes weak. Giving me all that you had you collapse on top of me kissing my face. Breathing harder then you ever have before, trying to regain any ounce of energy you can. 

Untying the straps, freeing my hands as you wrap your body around mine. Drifting off to a restful sleep. 

The thunder not quite over, rumbles through the house again startling me. I wake up with a jolt bringing my hands to my chest to feel that I still have my nightgown on, and no one is with me. My bed is soaking wet from what must have been a dream. I look down at my wrist and see burns from the fabric that once tied me to ecstasy.

Editing by Danili28