 "I can't believe this." I hollered. How could everyone forget my birthday, I'm 19 today, how could everyone forget, I paced around my room deep into my own thoughts as I thought about why everyone forgot. I heard a knock on the door, I stopped my pacing and called out to the person outside. "Hello" I said. "It's me Jessica." She said. Oh great I thought, my sister probably heard my shouting or wants something. I opened the door and my jaw nearly hit the floor as I gaped at her. She had on a short skirt, and a black silk top, and her breasts were pushing the shirt out as if they were trying to escape. I shook my head to clear my thoughts, and said "Why are u wearing that." I said. "It's really none of your damn business but if u must know I'm going to a party at the Stevens, I just wanted to tell u that if Kimberly calls tell her where I am." She said. And with that she turned and walked down the hallway to her room. 

I closed the door and leaned my back against it, my thoughts were plagued with the image of Kimberly, my sisters best friend, and god I had a instant hard-on, god she was hot. But I started thinking why would she want me, I'm a geek and still a virgin, god I don't even think I would know what to do if I were faced with the situation of sex, but to me it was like a constant itch I wanted to lost it so bad, but I had this constant fear of girls, don't ask me why, I don't know I just do, I get around them and I freeze. I was brought back as I heard Jessica's voice telling me bye for the night as she went down the hallway, I went to the window and looked down at the drive, I could see her date, and a bunch of her other friends, I sighed, sometimes I envied her, she had friends and I didn't I guess being a geek you don't get many friends. I closed my curtains and turned on the Television and stretched out on my bed, One constant thought plagued my mind, what a pitiful birthday.

I looked at the clock, only 5:47 p.m. and nothing to do. I figured I go and take a shower when the phone rang. I reached over to my bedside table and picked it up. "Hello." I said. 

"Hi Kyle, It's me Kimberly." She said.

I tried to calm myself, I had gotten another hard-on at the mention of her name. "Hi Kim, How are you." I said. "Great thank you, Is Jessica home tonight." She said. "Nope, she went out with her date and a couple of her other friends." I said. "Oh ok, so, what are u up to tonight Kyle." She said. "Nothing much just trying to think of something to do for my birthday." I said. "It's your birthday, oh god I didn't know Kyle." She said. "It's ok, I don't even feel any older either." I said laughing. I heard her laugh to and I smiled. "Tell you what, how about I come over and we can sit and watch TV for a while, and we can have pizza and popcorn, a 2 person party." She said. I was shocked, she wanted to come over and hang with me, at that moment I think the bulge in my pants grew a little more. 

"You want to hang with me." I said. But then wished I had not said it, I know it sounded really corny. "Sure, Hey will you go to the video store and pick us up some movies, I'll be there around 7:00 p.m.." She said. "Ok, see you than, and Kim." I said. "Yes." She said. "Thanks for coming over." I said. "No problem, I consider you a best bud." She said. I said goodbye to her and hung up the phone. I ran to my closet and started pulling clothes out by the handfuls. I stopped than and thought, what am I doing, were not going out, she's just coming over. I grabbed my jeans and shirt off the bed. I dressed and grabbed my keys off the bedside table. When I got to the video store, I had no clue what she would like so I just picked out some stuff, some horror, comedy, action, and drama. I checked out and hurried home. I looked at my watch as I pulled up into the yard 6:30 p.m.

When 7p.m. finally came I was twitching like crazy, I heard a knock at the door and nearly broke my neck jumping over the back of the couch to get the door. I pulled open the door and gasped, my gaze slowly went downward as I took in her beauty. She had on a Purple shirt with yellow flowers over the pockets, white shorts with yellow flowers over the back pockets. I couldn't stop staring at her. "So, are you going to let me in or look at my body all night." She said laughing. I moved out of the way holding the door open for her, as she walked past I watched her ass twitch in those tight shorts, god if this keeps up I'm going to have a hard on all night. I closed the door and walked over to her. I started to mutter an apology, I was trying to tell her that I wasn't looking at her body, but something on the floor, when she held up her hand and told me to save it, she knows I was checking her out and its ok. I sighed heavily and relaxed somewhat as she walked towards the living room. I followed her into the living room. "So, would you like something to drink" I asked. She turned to face me. "Sure, you got any Diet Coke" She said. I stared at her for a few seconds admiring her eyes, before I came to my senses and went to get her a soda from the frig. 

When I came back into the living room, she was stretched out on the couch taking up to most of it except for the last seat. I handed her Coke and put a movie into the VCR, my parents had one of those big screen TV's so it was just like in the movies. I sat down at the end of the couch. As the movie was playing I leaned back and relaxed slouching down into the couch, relaxing. After about an hour I had started to doze off when I felt something on my leg. I opened my eyes and looked down. Kimberly had her foot in my lap, massaging my dick through my pants with it. I at first thought that she was stretching her legs and had put her foot in my lap by mistake, I turned to ask her to move her foot when I saw her smiling right at me. "Kimberly" I said. "Yes" She said in a teasing voice. "What are you doing" I asked. She stopped and stood up and walked over to me. She looked down at me and climbed onto my lap, stradiling me. God I could feel her body pressed against mine. She leaned close and whispered into my ear. "I saw the lust in your eyes as you looked at my body when I got here tonight, I saw the hunger in your eyes, you want me don't you Kyle" She said with a small laugh. 

All I could do was mumble I over and over again. She placed a finger to my mouth quieting me and she smiled. She slid of me and down onto the floor on her knees. She reached up and unbutton my pants, she pulled my pants down to my ankles. My cock was struggling to break free of my boxers. She grabbed my boxers and slid them down to my ankles, My hard cock came into view, she reached up and grabbed my cock with one hand and looked up and smiled at me, "I was right, you do want me bad." She slid closer and leaned her head down towards my cock, she cocked her head sideways and looked up at me and smiled before turning back downwards, she lowered her mouth onto my cock. I gasped loud as she started to suck my cock in deeper in her mouth. I squinted my eyes shut in pleasure, god this was heaven. She started to suck on my cock faster, I gripped the couch trying to steady myself as the sensations and pleasures were washing over me. I felt myself about to cum, I managed to tell her, she grabbed the base of my cock to stop me from coming, She pulled her mouth off my cock, she climbed back onto my lap and looked at me. "Let's take this upstairs shall we" She said with a giggle. 

When she slid off me and started for the stairs I hoped up and pulled my pants up and gripped them with one hand as I stumbled towards the stairs. I finally made my way upstairs in time to see her go into my room, I made my way down the hall. I came into the room, she was standing by the wall across from the door smiling at me. I sat down on the bed, and pulled my pants and boxers the rest of the way off and removed my shirt. I slid back onto the bed a little ways as she came towards me. She stood in front of me and looked down at me, she smiled and started to unbutton her shirt. She pulled it off , then she reached behind her back and unclipped her bra, and slid it off, I stared at her breasts, god what tits she had, they weren't huge, but big and her nipples the were so pink. She unbuttoned her shorts and slid them off to reveal that she wasn't wearing any panties. I gaped at her pussy, god was it beautiful, I wanted her bad than, I could feel my hunger and lust for her building in me.

She walked towards me and sat down on the bed and stretched out on her back. I got down on my knees. I leaned my head down between her legs and tasted her pussy with my tongue. I felt my hunger overwhelming me, I teased her clit with my tongue and began to suck on it. I reached a finger up, as I slid it into her pussy, I could feel her wetness, god she was so wet, I think she wanted me as bad as I wanted her. I started to pump my finger in and out of her pussy as I continued nibbling her clit. I pumped and pumped my finger and I nibbled her pussy until I her heard moan she was coming, I leaned my head down and tasted her sweet juice. I pulled my fingers out and stood up. I slid on top of her. I looked into her eyes and I kissed her deeply with the fire and passion of my soul.

I grabbed my cock with my hand and held it towards her pussy. I teased her pussy with the head of my cock. I stopped then and turned my head away. "What's wrong" She said. "I've never done this before, and I kind of feel ashamed, you're my sisters best friend, I don't know if this is right" I said as I felt the guilt in me. To my surprise she laughed. "Kyle, I have liked you in a sexual way for over 2 years now, I want this and so do you, don't feel guilty, and as far as you never having done this before neither have I" She said. It was my turn to be surprised. "But, you knew how to suck my cock and all" I said. "Any fool can learn what to do from watching porno's" She said. I still felt the guilt in me, it must have showed on my face. "Please don't feel guilty I want this and so do you" She said. Some of the guilt left me. I grabbed my cock in my hand again and held it at her pussy entrance. I looked at her. "May I" I whispered. She nodded. I slid my cock slowly into her. I stopped when I felt something blocking my cock from going any farther. I turned back to her. "Something is stopping me from sliding in and farther" I said. "That is my hymen, my cherry you might say, push threw it" She said. I pushed and I felt my cock go through, at that instant she tensed up, her eyes squeezed shut, and I screamed as she bit into my shoulder hard, moaning in pain. I thought I had made one hurt her, but she released my shoulder and finally calmed back down. I looked down at my cock and saw that I had some blood on it. I started to panic, I thought she was hurt seriously, I went to pull out of her and go call 911 or something when she grabbed my face in her hands. "Your bleeding" I said. "That's normal" She said. I calmed myself down again and relaxed. "Please continue" She said. 

I slid my cock deeper into her, feeling the heat of her body on my cock. I held my cock deep in her feeling the warm and softness of her on my cock. I started to pump my cock in and out, I heard her moan as I pumped my cock in and out of her pussy, god this is the most incredible feeling I've ever had. I continued to pump faster and faster, I pumped into her for nearly 15 minutes until I felt my climax approach, I heard her moans reach nearly screaming point as she shouted out that she was coming, "Oh god I'm coming Kyle, I want you to come in me Kyle, I want us to come together" She nearly screamed. I slammed my cock deep into her as she screamed and came onto my cock, at the same time my cock erupted deep into her, feeling her with my hot cum. I collapsed on top of her, gasping heavily. She wrapped her arms around me and held me tight to her. 

We stayed in that state for nearly an hour afterwards, just holding each other. I slid off of her and onto her side. She turned onto her side and smiled at me, we kissed and held each other again. "Are you leaving tonight" I said. "No, I told my parents that I was going to stay over at Jessica's, this was after I called you" She said with a laugh. "So, you had this planned when you called" I said. She smiled and pulled me close. "I knew that Jessica would be gone for the night and your mom and dad always work nights and the weekends, and I know you were to shy to ever make the first move, so I made it for you" She said with a smile on her face. I smiled and kissed her. We lay there for a long time until we drifted off to sleep together, with our arms holding each other close in a passionate embrace, I smiled as I drifted off to sleep, my birthday wasn't so pitiful after all I thought.

Prolog

Jessica arrives home that night…

I finally managed to get the damn door unlocked, I climbed the stairs and was passing my brothers room when I heard a girl moaning in his room, I could tell that they were having sex. I nearly laughed out loud than, I hurried to my room, and sprang for the phone. I dialed Kimberly's number and no answer, strange I thought, she said she was going to be home tonight, oh well I said to myself. I went down to the kitchen and grabbed me a soda and headed for my room. I stretched out on my bed and watched some TV for nearly 4 hours, finally I couldn't take this torture anymore I turned off the TV and went to go to the restroom before I went to bed. As I was passing my brothers room on my way back to my bedroom, I decided to have a look and see what he had been up to. I ever so quietly opened the door and looked in. My jaw nearly dropped out of its socket, it was Kimberly, both of them were cuddled up together under the covers naked. I couldn't get over the shock, my brother and her, god I thought to myself. I went down the hall to my bedroom, and hoped into the bed. I guess I'll have something to pick at both of them about now, and with that she dozed off under the warm covers of her bed. Else where Kyle and Kimberly had woken back up and were once again continuing their love for one another. And like he said, his birthday wasn't so pitiful after all.

THE END!