 Time stops for Dave as a flashback of the day he met Rachel fills his mind. 

.................................................................................

Sandy said, "I've got a friend, who needs help with statistics."

"Who? Not Lindy, I hope. The only number she knows is 69." 

Giggling, Sandy continued, "No. You haven't met her yet. Her name is, Rachel. I was on her softball team."

Sandy isn't into formal education, but she studies her friends. She knows their wants and needs enough to make good connections. Enough to put Dave and his BS in industrial engineering with lots of statistics to work as a tutor for Rachel. Enough to think they would like each other. Enough to know her horny little friend would like the guy Sandy finds sexy, but cannot have. The thought of them together crinkles her aureoles.

Dave couldn't say no to Sandy, couldn't say no to most any woman. 

The first tutoring session was in January before Sandy left for Mexico. Assured he is a good guy by Sandy, Rachel felt safe in coming to Dave's house. 

Rachel trudged through the cold and snow to her first tutorial wrapped to the eyes. Answering her knock he opened the door. Two big brown eyes peeked between the collars of a big pea-coat, under a toboggan hat and over scarf wrapped face. 

"Hi, You must be Rachel. I'm Dave. Come on in, get warmed up." He rushed her inside. 

Pealing off fat knit mittens then layers of wrap, Rachel emerged from the bulky outerwear to be a tiny little snake hip farm girl shaking out a big shoulder length mop of curly auburn hair. Big brown eyes dominate a very pretty face brightened by a great big smile.

Under her coat, she wears a tight long sleeved western style shirt with pearl-snap-buttons, tight boot-cut jeans and worn western boots. A regular sweet-heart of the rodeo. 

Did we mention Tiny? Maybe a little over 5' in her boots and 100 pounds dripping wet in heavy clothes. Tiny and thin she might be, but there is no doubt she is a very sexy woman. That shirt is tailor cut to feature the twin curves of her prominent breasts. 

Dave was gobsmacked. Sandy didn't say she was pretty or sexy. Fuck! She is fantastic.

Turning to hang her coat on a peg he looks away trying to recover his power of speech. 

She takes a better look at him as he turns. She can see the strength in his arms. Wide shoulders taper to a tight butt. She thinks his long blond hair is kind of hippie but he doesn't seem like the hippie goofs she has met around campus. 

He turns with a smile, inviting her into the kitchen, offering up some good coffee. Rachel sits at the kitchen table spreading out her book and papers while Dave paces. 

"So, tell me about yourself. What stat class are you taking? What do you need help with?" 

"I'm a sophomore in Ag Engineering and taking Stat 121. I'm having some problems with the homework. I missed one." 

"Missed a homework?"

"Nope, missed a problem. It's time for a tutor. I've got a 4.0." 

"Oh boy. This could get intense. I don't have a 4.0. You OK with that?"

He can see her knee hopping as she bounces her foot on a pointed toe. She sits straight up in the chair not resting against the back at all. He wonders if she is this wound up all the time. She reminds him of a hummingbird.

He wonders, does she know she is beautiful? She doesn't wear makeup or girly clothes. Strange how many smart naturally beautiful women seem insecure. 

"Let's do that homework set and see what the issue is, OK?" 

As she works through the missed homework problem he sits beside her watching her work. Mostly just looking at her, she is way too distracting. Finally looking at the paper, he shakes himself out of his infatuated trance to say, "Umm, have you seen this?" as he sketches a graph on a scrap paper. "This is the area of probability we are looking for. So you basically have to subtract both of the two little tails from the total. You just did one." 

He writes the equation on the scratch paper to complete the explanation. As he writes, she is shocked to see, his hands are more than twice the size of hers. The pencil looks tiny in his hand. She can see calluses and cuts on his fingers. These hands are no stranger to work. They look like farmers hands. 

She can sense his body, so close to hers, leaning in, as he writes. 

Just as she leans to touch him, his voice brings her back to the stat problems, "Do the next one." 

"That one wasn't the assignment." She finds herself strangely warm, hearing him tell her what to do. 

"Yeah, but it is similar, see if you get it. Don't skip any steps, show all the algebra. I think you did the one you missed in your head. It's easy to skip something that way without realizing it. Us dummy engineers have to work things out methodically."

Now that strange warm sensation is making her ears all hot and itchy. He sits very close watching her work the next problem. She gets the right numeric answer. 

He says, "I think you got it." his voice all sweet and low seems to rumble through her body. 

She feels a glow of satisfaction embrace her like a warm fuzzy blanket as she starts on the next without prompting. Or maybe it is him sitting so close. The hair on her arms is all standing on end. Now she feels sensitive inside her clothes like they suddenly got too tight. 

Despite the distractions she gets the problem solved correctly. 

"OK, now you're rolling, do the last one. It's a little different." She looks up a moment, then smiling, dives right in. She works the algebra smoothly and quickly like writing a sentence. 

Dave stands to her side as she completes the last problem. As she bends over the paper, he takes peaks down the collar opening of her shirt. She is a wiry little bit of a woman. Not skinny or anorexic, just small with toned muscles. Down her shirtfront he can't see much skin but he likes the shape of her boobs. They stand high on her chest with just a hint of nipple showing through the shirt. He takes another peek down into her dark cleavage. Her western cut shirt fits her curves tightly. 

"Jesus" he thinks to himself, "Don't get caught looking." 

She quickly completes the problem, getting it right. Turning to look up she catches where his eyes are sneaking a peek and smiles big-time. He flushes in embarrassed excitement meeting her eyes with a matching smile. 

This little tiny woman is as smart as she is attractive, that's a lot. 

Hands settle gently on her shoulders, he speaks softly in her ear. "You didn't really need my help. You did all those problems by yourself." 

His gentle words of encouragement warm her, kind of like her father when he holds her. 

"Have confidence, work carefully, I'll bet you can do anything you want to do."

But his hands are not her fathers. His touch is like a strange fire. A fire that makes her body hair stand up with a strange itch that begs him to sooth her all over. Her nipples crinkle. What is he doing?

"What do you want to do?" he whispers by her ear.

OH GOD, if you only knew what I want.

As he whispers, the fragrance of her hair makes him light in the head. He can barely resist the urge to bury his face in her curls. Gently his big hands rub her shoulders kneading up the lean knotted muscles on her neck. Rachel groaned with pleasure. 

Realizing his question needs an answer her mind chooses the 'safe' answer even as her body begs for another kind of answer entirely. 

"I'm gonna run our family farm. I've got two older brothers. Dad and Mom want my brothers to take it over."

He is thumbing the knotted muscles at the base of her neck. She is tightly corded like a string base. As he moves his fingers fibers roll and pop beneath her skin. 'Wow she is tight.' This is sleek hard muscle. 

"My brothers hate farming. They are gone. Mom and Dad can't accept that they won't ever come back to farming. My brothers just remember never having a vacation, we never traveled more than a day. You don't get much of a break on a farm. It's not a burden if you love that farm the way I do. I want it. Everything about it. I will be the fourth generation to farm there. Daddy never ask me, but when I graduate I'm gonna run that place. I have big dreams for our farm." The emotion in her voice said more than her words. 

Tears have formed in her eyes as she spoke. 

Affected by the emotion of her answer he leans forward to hug her around the shoulders and speaks into her ear. 

"I don't know anything about farming, but I can hear your love of that place. I don't think there are many farmers who could be much smarter than you. It sounds like you have a winning combination of heart and brains. 

There is one thing, I'm absolutely positive about. You are the prettiest farmer I've ever seen."

He holds her a few seconds, then continues her neck massage. As he resumes, he watches her knee start to bounce again. It only stopped when she talked about the farm.

"You know you might relax more if you weren't bouncing your knee." he said quietly.

"Oh, I didn't notice, just bein' hyper I guess. I get nervous when I'm not in control." she replied.

"Do I make you nervous?" he asked.

"No. Sandy said you were nice. You helped me with the stat homework. And I'll give you three days to stop rubbing my back." she said as she rolled back her eyes in pleasure.

Continuing to work her upper back and curious about her appearance he asks. "How long have you had your boots? Kind'a tough to walk all over campus aren't they?"

"These are my favorites, I wear'em all the time. Just get new soles when they wear down."

"I started barrel racin' in 4th grade. I'd rather ride than do almost anything else." She spreads her legs wide apart to cross her boot on a knee like a man showing the repaired sole of her boot. 

Her knee goes quietly still as she continues, "Totin' feed, cleanin' saddles, muckin' stalls, whatever are just chores. Something I have to get done, so I can ride. I'm always ready to ride. I even ride the cows around the farm." 

He can feel the strength in the top of her arms. Not frail at all, she feels solid and good in his hands. 

From behind, Dave works the hard muscles of her shoulders gripping her with both hands digging thumbs and fingers deep into her trapezius. Working through the little knots in her neck she relaxes head slumped forward with forearms resting on the table. Dave watches her surreptitiously rub her nipples across the edge of the table supposedly hidden under her arms. 

The conversation goes quiet as she focuses on the comforting warmth spreading through her body. 

He works his massage from neck to arms feeling the lean strength of her deltoids. His strong fingers work deep into her firm upper arms. Rachel rests her head back against him looking up to his eyes with a goofy smile of pure pleasure. Bracing her spine against his hip he pulls back on her shoulders flexing her body while massaging just below her collar bone. This makes her chest stand out proud as her eyes close in sensuous pleasure of the stretch. Her upper body is aglow with a radiating heat that seams to shoot fire from her nipples. 

"Harder, pull harder," she begs. 

As he flexes her more he can hear joints pop like cracking knuckles. She sighs in joyous response to his stretching pull. Wow, she is strong and tight. 

Dave puts his left forearm across her shoulders under her chin to hold her body leaning forward. With the other hand he works finger tips into the muscles paralleling down her lower spine. Rachel can feel this wonderful glow, strangely relaxing yet exciting, radiating as he finds and breaks knots in the corded muscles along her spine. His powerful fingertips play chords on her keys down one side and up the other. Rachel nuzzles her face against his left bicep moaning with the pleasure. With the other hand she grips the chair seat between her legs, surreptitiously pressing her burning pussy against her wrist. 

His touch has been chaste. 

His touch has been friendly. 

His touch has set her body on fire from her ears to her toes. 

Her nipples are tight bundles of nerves poking tall through her bra, yearning for contact. 

Her pussy is hot with a maddening itch that she cannot scratch. An itch that must be scratched.

Her knee stopped bouncing and her legs splay loosely as she relaxes in his arms. 

Still holding her with the left arm across her shoulders her head resting against his bicep he continues. Using just his right hand Dave works the knots out of her back muscles down to her belt line then straightens her up, turns her sideways in the chair and rests her left shoulder and back against his legs. Holding her forehead in his left hand and the base of her head with his right he starts on her scalp and forehead.

His fingers comb her hair. Holding her forehead with one hand, he digs into the muscles inserting at the back of her skull with the other. She feels a wave of pleasure roll down from her scalp to glow in the toes and soles of her feet, then echo back again. Each passing wave builds an itchy warmth in her pussy. 

"Oh golly that feels good." she whispers. 

Cradling the back of her head, He gently works his left fingertips around the orbits of her eyes. Pinching the bridge of her nose close to her eyes radiates pleasure waves down her body. Her nipples, swollen into tight points seem to pulse with her heartbeats.

His right cups the back of her head. At the top of her spine, his little finger digs into her scalp muscles at the back of her skull. He finishes by combing fingers into her hair over her ears, caressing down and around her unpierced earlobes. 

The girl is melting wax. 

Dave lays her head back supporting it against his right arm. Her eyes are closed as he gently kisses her receptive lips. His other hand deep massages first the front of her right shoulder and then her chest above her breasts. 

So far the massage has been sensual, not sexually forward. 

Yet erotic fire warms her deep in places never touched. Places longing to be touched. A sexual flush and a sheen of excited perspiration covers her body as she relaxes in his arms. Her breath comes in shallow pants. As he stands over her, she slips her hand between his legs pulling him closer. She is humming a wordless language of excitement. His touch sets her head hair standing on end. 

Dave slips his fingers inside her collar to caress her neck under her hair. Another sweet gentle kiss on her lips. 

That crazy itch is burning her skin. Her clothes are too tight. 'OH GOD JUST TOUCH ME.' 

His fingertips slip inside the front of her shirt to touch the skin just below her collar bone. The shirt is tight fitting. He does not force his hand inside. 

Rachel unsnapped the top buttons of her shirt, an open invitation for more. Dave supported her back with his right arm, while sliding his left hand deeper into her shirt. His hand caressed her right breast over her lacy white demi-cup bra. 

Her answer is an inarticulate gasp of breath as he touches her breast.

He squeezes her firm lacy bra cup stuffing, feeling the nipple tipped globe inside. His thumb brushes the skin of her breast top feeling the gooseflesh of her excitement. Her breast is as firm as the muscles of her body. Her breast's texture is as exciting to his hand as his touch is to her. He vibrates in anticipation.

Her nipple stands tall tenting against the bra cup. Her cunny glows, contracting involuntarily as he slips a finger into the cup circling her nipple. Despite crossed legs crushing labia tight in a jean squeeze, her flooded vagina slicks her bottom. 

Another kiss fires their passion. Tongues taste lips. Rachel pulls him closer with a hand between his legs caressing his ass. Her other hand guides his cheek to her lips.

Dave slips a pair of fingers inside the left bra cup to squeeze her other nipple. Her breaths come in panting snorts timed by his fingers contact. Her breasts and lips are the focus of her existence. 

Oh, except that is for the exquisite desire radiating from her clit, surrounding her lips, spearing deep into her pussy. 

Nipples perked to hard points greet his fingers. She exhales with a low moan and pulls him into a long hot kiss. Tongues taste deeply trading back and forth. Her hand on his ass wanders to find his balls then traces the shape of his hard-cock hidden inside his jeans. 

Blinded by her kiss his finger tips caress her breast under the bra cup. Rachel releases his head to unsnap the rest of her shirt buttons. His effleurage ranges inside her shirt, down from shoulder, around to the small of her back. She arches, stretching like a cat, surrendering to his gentle advances. Her body purrs with the erotic sensuous joy of his touch. 

Dave picks up the tiny woman, cradling her in his arms. She hugs him around the neck. 

His body is solid. A kaleidoscope of emotions tumble through her: Lust of an animal in heat. Security, cradled in loving arms. Predator ready to pounce. Joyful Anticipation. Bride on her wedding night. Surrender. Come on Lets FUCK!

"Want to go to my room?" he asks, quieting the noise in her head. 

"I thought that was where we were headed. You didn't need to ask," she purrs into his neck. 

Smiling he carries her up to his attic bedroom. Each turn of the stairs requires a gentle shift of her body against him. Each shift finds her nestled closer. She pulls tight around his neck to steal a furtive kiss at the foot of the attic stairs. His room at the top of the house is pleasantly warm. A water bed dominates the space decorated with a parachute canopy resembling an Arabian tent. 

He gently settles Rachel on his warm waterbed, her booted feet hanging over the side. 

Dave grabs her boot, saying, "We need these off, no boots in bed." 

He tips the right boot-heel to pull the boot free. The left quickly follows. He holds her thick wool sock covered feet in his hands pressing thumbs into her soles. The pressure sends fire pouring down her legs straight to her pussy. Tucking her feet over his shoulders, he wrestles with her Concho belt buckle freeing her jeans. 

Flipping her button fly loose he teases his fingers down inside the front of her jeans. Standing he pulls the pant legs lifting her ass up off the bed. A couple of quick tugs slip the snug jeans loose partly tugging down her lacy bikini cut panties, stripping the bulky socks from her feet. Dave lifts the cuffs high as she slides out onto the bed. Rachel's wavy auburn hair fans around her head like a halo. Her eyes are half slits as she smiles rolling her head from side to side in sensuous anticipation. 

Dave takes a moment to admire her as she lays sexy on the half shell of her shirt, spread open to the side with the long skinny sleeves still hiding her arms as they arch above her head. Her boobs swell high above the lacy bra cups, nipples barely covered. She is a study in contrasts, beautiful face and body with no regard for girly fashion. Her clothes are all practical, functional cut for a woman but made for hard work. All except for sexy hot lace demi-cup bra and panties that contrast so starkly with her other clothes. 

"You are beautiful" he says with that deep rumbly voice that makes her insides melt and gush.

Blushing in response her eyes close and her head turns aside with a smile. 

Dave strips her panties and socks, throwing them onto the clothes pile. 

Strange how cool air on her pussy lips only makes their fire hotter. 

"I want you to relax. Tell me what feels good." he asks. 

"OK, but so far you haven't needed any instructions," she replies with a little embarrassed giggle. 

Still standing at the side of the bed he lifts her legs by the ankles to plant slow kisses, trading from one sole to the other. Then back and forth from ankle to ankle trading kisses one side then the other up to her inner thigh. His hands know the way to squeeze, extracting pleasure from every touch. He kneels by the bed holding her legs over his shoulders. His lips trace kisses up her thighs to her groin just outside the neatly trimmed hairline. First one side then the other. His hands slide on her taught tummy stroking smoothly up over her breasts. Her body is solid and firm. She ripples under his touch like petting a cat. He can see the definition of her muscles. Not anorexic by a long shot, the girl is ripped with muscles yet soft in all the right places. 
