 Hello Baby, I know Baby, that you need to hear my sexy voice, don't you? Your heart slip into your stomach when you hear me say your name.

To let you walk up to me on the dance floor with your panties in your hand, wipe the sweat off my brow with your wet panties and as I engulf your sensual fragrance you lift your leg and gracefully slide it around my ass... you feel my arm pull you close...you can see in my eyes how badly I want you... I stretch my neck to kiss you, but you shy away... the music is intoxicating... and you are drunk with my passion... I pull you closer and press my hot lips on yours, and your knees go weak with my kiss…

I press my body tightly with yours and you can feel my manhood so hard and erect… butterflies go though you at the thoughts of making hot passionate love to me… you feel your wetness growing with each kiss… your pussy quivers as I grind my hip into you with the sensual music in the background...

The music stops and I turn and lead you from the dance floor… as we walk to the elevator… I have a room on the 27 floor… the doors open and the elevator is empty... we walk in, I push you against the wall and raise your dress... not giving you a chance to say no… your face against the wall I pull your hips toward me...

I get on my knees and taste your wetness with my tongue, "Oh Baby" you utter. "Oh Baby, more… more…"then I desperately thrust my moist tongue deep within you…you cry out and suddenly I stop...

I slowly rise, as the elevator doors start to open… two men come into the car… you straighten up hoping they didn't see your wet ass... a shy grin on your face as you look their way… they took the wrong elevator and had to ride all the rest of the way with us... you straighten your dress, but you have the feeling they know what we were doing.... the doors open... 27th floor... 

And as we enter room 2769; I turn and say to you. "You've hinted at wanting me to do something that would make you so hot it would drive you wild. Well baby, here goes". 

I bought some lengths of satin braided rope and I have four pieces for tying my wrists and ankles to the bed. So there I am, naked in the middle of your bed, with my cock sticking up in anticipation. After seeing to my bonds with some seductive and gentle tugs, tying them loose so I can get my hands out of them if I need to, but urging me not to come out of them unless I'm told to. 

You stand at the foot of the bed, and begin to taunt me. Wearing a soft, silky, black and white checked thigh length nighty, spaghetti straps, very low lacey v-neck so I can see your ample cleavage. You see that my breathing is getting heavier, now don't get too excited daddy, we are going to take our time. As your nighty sways back and forth with your movements I can see that covering your warmest, and wettest, by the way, spots are matching black and white checkered panties with black lace around the leg openings. 

Even without me being tied to the bed, from the look of me, you know, I'm yours. For a moment you stand there, tantalizing me, cupping your breasts in your hands, telling me how your nipples are growing hard in your palms. 

You walk to the right side of the bed, with my eyes on you the whole time. You can see my right wrist straining against the satin tie. I want to touch you...don't I... touch you there. 

You slowly pull the shoulder straps off your nighty and let it fall to your waist, running your fingers across your nipples and I watch them as they grow and get hard. With your right hand cupping your right breast, your nipple covered by your palm and painted red fingernails, with your left hand, you slowly slide one finger just inside the top of your panties, then out and down between your legs over your now very wet panties. 

You close your eyes and lick your lips as you rub your finger back and forth. You put your fingertip up to my lips and let me suck on it while your pinching and rolling your nipple until it stands up, almost like that achingly hard cock of mine that you're about to have such a good time with. 

You pull your fingertip out of my hungry mouth and bend down to my ear; this is only the beginning - lover - you whisper as you begin to walk around to the other side of the bed. 

You climb on to the bed beside me, and bend over to kiss my chest, my nipples. You suck and bite a little on each one as you run your fingers over my torso, through the hair on my chest. You lean closer to me and lightly drag your breasts over my chest. You kiss my lips; I hungrily kiss back reaching for your tongue with mine.

Straddling me now, I strain my neck reaching for and managing to make contact with and enjoying a few seconds of sucking on an extended nipple before you pull away. You reach for a bottle of lightly scented, and flavored oil on the bedside table. 

You pour a generous amount into the palm of your hand, dribbling a few drops on my chest as you do so. Rubbing your hands together, you warm it before spreading it on my chest and stomach. Your fingers work it into my skin. A second palm full of oil lets you cover my arms and neck. My body glistens in the soft candlelight. 

You change positions, moving down you straddle my thighs now, my hard, stiff, cock sticking up in front of you now as if it were yours, and it is. You reach for the oil, take another handful, and this time you spread it over yourself. First a hand on each breast, pushing them up and together. Then you coat your shoulders, arms and tummy rubbing it in. It feels so good and you're smiling thinking of everything you have in store for me. 

You cup your breasts and caress them. Your left hand runs up and down your body as your right hand grips "our" cock. You bend down and kiss and lick at my lips while your silky panties slide up and down across my well-oiled cock. You feel me grinding my hips, rubbing up and down between your legs reaching for the way to paradise. 

Then you stop and slowly life yourself up off of me and notice the surprised expression on my face, not believing that you stopped. Oh, you're coming back! Hooking your thumbs into the sides of your panties you push them down, you can see my eyes following your panties, your soaking wet panties to the floor. You come up beside me and let your breast dangle in my face, letting me grab onto and suck your nipple again while you pull a razor out from under the pillow. 

Pulling your now extended, throbbing, nipple out of my mouth, you move down to straddle my thighs again. Taking my well-oiled cock into your hand, you carefully begin the task of shaving my pubic mound. Long, slow strokes removing all traces of pubic hair. 

You get up off my legs, go into the bathroom and come back with a warm, wet washrag to lift and wash the hair that has fallen from the razorblade. You reach for the oil again, pour another handful and after rubbing your hands together, you rub the oil onto my freshly shaved groin area, stroking my cock up and down, baby does that feel good. 

Now crouching over my skyward pointing cock, you rub another hand full of oil between your legs. Lots of oil! It dribbles onto my loins. You position your wet labia over the head of my cock as you wiggle and enjoy the sensation and I lay beneath you, moaning, ready to put it in. You lower yourself and engulf my cock with your wet soft heat. You slide all the way down and sit on me. You lean over me and begin to do a body massage once more, more oil on my chest, rubbing and pinching my nipples while spreading the oil around on my chest. 

You can feel me straining against my restraints, wanting to pull my arms free, to grasp your ass and pull you hard against me. You whisper how good it feels to have my cock inside you. You keep your pelvic thrusting to a bare minimum; you don't want me to cum anytime soon. 

You stop all motion and lay there on top of me, your breasts against my chest. I push up and down but you try not to respond. You get up off of me and take my glistening, hot cock in your hand and gently play with my cock and balls. Slow strokes up and down. Up and down the full length, enjoying my groaning, you can only imagine what I'll have in store for you when it's "your turn" to be in my position, naked, and tied helplessly to the bed. 

You bend down and place your lips on the head of my swollen cock. You run your tongue around and savor the mixed flavor of oil and our mingled juices. You lift a leg and place it over my helpless form, close to my face. Close, but not yet close enough for me to taste. Your own face is just inches from my cock and you take licks along the shaft. 

You slip a finger up to your pussy and finding that magic button you release a moan. You move your finger up and down slightly between your wet lips. Then you quickly shift closer to my face, to my mouth. You move your finger and feel my tongue instantly licking you. I excitedly push my entire face into you. You suck intermittently on my hard cock, when you stop I tell you to do it more but you don't. You're in charge this time honey. You kiss and suck me just enough to keep me near the edge. 

You feel your own excitement building, for several minutes I have been expertly licking and sucking your aroused clit. You find that you miss the feel of my hands on your ass, my fingers playing around with any opening I can find. You are feeling very hot now, you want to, you need to feel me inside you again. You want and need to feel my full size stretch your insides. And you want to, and you need to hear me and feel me as I cum inside you. 

So you lift yourself from my face and slide down the bed a couple of feet. Still with your ass to my face, you spread your burning pussy with your hands and you lower yourself to engulf my cock. You pump up and down, up, until you feel I am about to slip out then down till we are tightly meshed together. Long stokes feel oh-so-gooood!! I twist, and thrust, and with a moan I come out of my restraints, not being able to stand it one second longer. And then with a mounting groan, you feel me explode, injecting my hot load into your pussy. 

Many minutes later, as we lay there, out of my restraints, you get off of me and begin to untie my ankles. A couple of tugs and I'm free you snuggle up beside me and whisper you never came, you want me to fuck you until you do!