 ****This is my first submission that I have ever made to Literotica, I wrote this as a challenge to finish a story that a couple on a forum my wife and I belong to, that this couple had started out like this and asked if anyone wanted to finish the story: It was a very steamy evening and I wondered out on the balcony in my negligee the light from the bedroom illuminating from behind me. Drinking a sip of the iced tea in my hand I then set the glass down and take an ice cube and slowly run it along my throat and lower in between the hills of my buxomy cleavage....

Obviously I slightly changed the opening for what I posted here to better fit what I envisioned though I did post on the other forum with the way the couple had worded the start of the story. Some of what is in the story is based upon personal experience between my wife and I and the rest well as my wife puts it that is his imagination at work. Hope everyone enjoys!!!****

It was a steamy evening typical of what a summer's night feels like by the ocean before the ocean breezes start blowing in off the ocean. I had wondered out onto our balcony in my baby doll negligee, the light from the bedroom illuminating me from behind. Taking a sip of the iced tea in my hands, I thought about everything that had happened today, remembering how you had pleasured my body just hours before on this very balcony. I sat down the glass and took an ice cube from it slowly running it over my lips, down along my throat and then slowly rubbing it between my breast slowly the ice starts to melt and little drops of water start to run down my body, the feeling of each little droplet of water running down my body reminding me of the way you had caressed and touched my body in ways that no one ever had before. Just the thought of your touch was quickly getting me excited again; my nipples stiffening as I slowly ran the last of the quickly melting ice cube over them. 

When we had made love earlier that evening you touched me and got inside of my head in ways I had never allowed anyone to before. It was almost as if you knew exactly what I wanted even though we had only just met days before. Almost as silent as a gentle breeze moving through the tree, you slowly approach me from behind joining me out on the balcony. As if you knew what my mind was thinking you slowly ran your hands down from my shoulders along the sides of my body down to my hips and back up again until your arms were wrapped around my body just below my breast. Feeling you holding me this way again was almost too much, my body and mind longing to feel you inside me once again in every sense of that word. As the last traces of sunlight slowly disappeared from the sky, a warm gentle breeze blew in from the ocean slowly caressing my body in the same gentle manner that your hands had only hours before and were now doing. As if you knew exactly what I wanted you to do you slowly ran one hand down my body to just above my knee and slowly picked me up and turned carrying me back inside, gently you set me down beside the bed softly kissing my lips, each and every touch of your hands making my body ache for more. Ever so slowly you untied the single knot that held together the two sides of my baby doll negligee; slowly you slid it down my arms until it dropped onto the floor below. I stood there feeling you looking upon my body the same way you had just hours before with a look of unbridled passion, lust and desire. 

Slowly you pull me toward your body, my heart beating as if it could explode, the touch of our naked flesh sending shock waves throughout my body. As if I were a flower being kissed by the morning dew, you softly kiss my lips and neck your hands slowly tracing the outlines of my body. As you gently caress my breast I groan out loud with pleasure at the touch of your hands, my body begging and aching for more than just the touch of your flesh, longing for the fulfillment of a burning desire that you had kindled deep inside me. 

Gently you lay me down upon the bed and I let out a gasp as you slowly run your hands down the curves of my body and rain kisses down on my neck and breast as you proceed down the length of my body with your lips. My body responding in silent acknowledgement of what you are doing to me I gently rock my hips against your body begging for you to be inside me once more. Sensing that I need you inside me once again you position yourself between my legs slowly you start to pump your hips against my body each thrust of your hips met by my own in response. Moaning out loud with pleasure, as I feel you filling every inch of me, with every thrust my breathing quickens, each thrust sending waves of extraordinary pleasure throughout our bodies, our tongues dancing as we passionately kiss, our bodies slowly intertwining. Groaning and screaming out loud, I feel our bodies move start to move as one, my body quivering as you plunge yourself deep inside of me. I feel your body start to stiffen, inside me I feel you pulsating quaking; faster and harder I pump my hips against your every thrust, our bodies united in the grips of ecstasy, faster and faster you thrust yourself inside of me my mind exploding as I feel you release inside of me. I scream out loud as my orgasm washes over my body consuming my whole body and mind within its grips. Moaning in pleasure I collapse against your body, our bodies having realized total release, as you take me in your arms and slowly pull my body tightly against your chest. 

Wave upon waves of orgasms continue to rock my body as I silently lay there in your arms, my body quivering and shaking as you gently kiss my lips. Laying my head against your chest as you gently caress my body I look up at you and whisper the words "I love you", your touch against my body saying those exact same words though they are unspoken. Through the bedroom window a warm gentle ocean breeze caresses our bodies as we both lay there in each others arms our bodies pressed together as if we were one. Slowly I feel my body secure in your arms finally stopping it's shaking, as the gentle breeze slowly lulls our bodies to sleep in each others arms.