 Tina stepped outside of Starbucks after her shift had ended, tired and ready for the day to end. Sadly though, she still had several errands to run before sinking into a soft bed that evening. 

Fumbling with her car keys, she glanced up and froze as she spotted him across the street. His tall, lean frame casted a sexy silhouette as he, too, headed for his car from the deli behind him. 

She rushed to get into her car, bumping her head on the way in, and accidentally squealing her tires trying to get away.

Tina cursed at herself as she made her way toward the closest grocery store. "It's not like you've never seen the man before Tina! Get a grip!"

The truth was, she'd seen him every day for the last four years. She worked at Starbucks, and he worked at the deli. And every day when she saw him she heated up like a mad woman and fantasized about him all night. He was just the kind of man to make her blood rush. Tall, lean, dark headed and a damn sexy smile. She'd wanted him for years, and had never even had the nerve to so much as smile back at him.

"Tomorrow, I'll go to the deli for lunch...I'll go and be cute and charming, and I'll ask him for his number..." But just the thought of it made her face flush and stomach churn. She'd never get up the guts. "Besides," she sighed looking down at her small, thin frame, "I'm not quite enough woman for that kind of man." 

Tina parked quickly and ran into the store, anxious now to get home to her shower, bed, and maybe vibrator if she kept thinking about Mr. Sexy. 

Going down the dairy aisle, she began grabbing groceries and checking off items on her list, in too much of a hurry to pay attention. She made a sharp turn around the corner running straight into Mr. Sexy himself. Looking up at him she immediately blushed and stammered an apology, scrambling to get out of his way.

As she was turning away, he put a hand on her arm, "Hey, aren't you that barista across the street from me..? The one I see every day?"

"Yeah I am." She said quietly, feeling embarrassed.

"Well," he stuck out his hand, "I'm Jeff. It's nice to officially meet you."

Giving him a weak hand shake, she stuttered, "I..I'm Tina..Nice to meet you."

"Why do you never come into the deli? Don't you ever wanna see me up close?" He winked at her, holding onto her hand.

She blinked, wide eyed at him. Surely this amazing looking man was not flirting with her. She decided to find out. "Well, I let the men come to me. Why don't you come into the coffee shop?"

He laughed, beaming that sexy smile, and leaned in to her "Seeing you across the street makes me nervous. I couldn't imagine trying to gather my whits seeing you up this close before. Don't tell my friends though. I'd be a laughing stock for not having the guts to even approach someone as beautiful as you."

She stared at him almost dumbfounded, trying to figure out if he was being serious or not, but before she could reply, he bit his lip and rushed the words "Look...Tina I'd really like to take you out sometime...Is that ok? Can I have your number?"

Her heart hammered in her chest as she slowly nodded, and gave him her number. They said their goodbyes and she watched him walk away, letting a gust of air out and mumbling "God he has a great ass."

Finishing her shopping, she HAD to hurry home at this point. She hadn't thought it possible, but he was even more sexy up close. Just him holding her hand for that short time had her mind spinning and heat flowing in between her legs. 

She showered, and was soon nestled in bed. Her thoughts soon led to him again, his full lips, hot body, and sexy ass. She grabbed her vibrator from the drawer in her night stand, and was soon moaning under her own touch as she rubbed it along her slit, and slid it into her silky cunt, using her fingers on her clit. Biting her lip and sighing she felt herself getting close right as her cell phone rang. 

Huffing in frustration, she answered without looking, "Hello?"

"Hey Tina...it's Jeff from earlier..I know there's probably an unwritten code about how long you should wait before calling someone you just met, but here I am. Tomorrow's Friday...I was wondering if you'd be free tomorrow night...?

"Well," she played cool, "there's probably an unwritten rule for how long I should play hard to get, but as a matter of fact I am free tomorrow night..."

They solidified their plans, and soon she was laying dumbfounded staring at her phone. That didn't last long of course, as her pussy began twitching with need. She slid her vibrator in again, and rode it into a heart stopping orgasm, and was soon snuggled into her blankets dreaming about what the next night might have in store.

Though the day seemed to go by far too slow, eventually Tina was getting ready for her date. Outfits were soaring through her bedroom and she started feeling jitters pretty soon. She hadn't been in the dating scene in a long time. Heartbreak does that to you. But her sex life had also suffered, and if things got that far she wasn't sure how to handle it.

She finally decided on the classic little black dress with red heels. Low V-neck and revealing back left her feeling flirty, and the closer the time for the date came, the friskier she got. 

It was a nice date, consisting of a very nice dinner and romantic comedy at the movies, but Tina had a different kind of hunger brewing after hours of flirting and hinting touches. He took her home, and the shyness that was normally her disappeared as she pulled him forcefully to her in a heated kiss. 

He pulled back stunned, but before he could say anything she whispered "Would you like to come in...?"

"I...I don't usually...I mean...Is that what you want? If you're ok with it..."

She interrupted with another kiss, letting her hands travel up his chest, then pulling him closer sighing, "Trust me. I want it."

She reached lower, skimming the quickly forming hard-on in his pants with searching hands, and he groaned pushing her against the door. 

After several minutes of fumbling between keys and kisses, she finally got the door open. As she was leading him to the bedroom he grabbed her waist and forcefully pulled her back against him, his hard dick nudging her ass through their clothes. He kissed the back of her neck softly,making her whimper in pleasure. The neck was always one of her hot spots. She turned to face him and pulled his shirt over his head, then running her hands down his chest to his pants, clumsily trying to get them off. He laughed in her ear softly, and pushed her back against the wall as he kissed her neck down to her shoulder, beginning to tug her dress off. It got past her small, braless chest, and he moaned, kissing her hard nipples then taking them into his mouth as she writhed under him, running her hands through his hair. 

He bit down on her nipple making her moan softly in his ear "Oh Jeff...that's...so good...mmmmmmm..."

Grinning he lifted the bottom of her dress, not bothering to take it all off, and found her smooth pussy bare and slippery. The eroticism of it made him bite her nipple again, then he slipped his fingers into her slit, her juices flowing around his fingers. Bringing his face back to hers he groaned "Tina you're so hot...so hot.." making her moan in kind. 

Though he usually didn't rush, she was so much more than ready for him, and he was crazy with need. He pulled his hard dick out of his pants and lifted her dress for better access. She responded by wrapping her leg around his waist, and helping move his cock in position to her, moaning into his mouth, "Jeff...fuck me...please...now.."

He gasped as he slid into her tight warm cunt, his cock twitching inside her as she writhed beneath him. His cock was fat, and slid right against her aching clit every time he entered her, making her moan and dig her nails into his bare back. 

In their rushing, he realized they hadn't even thought of protection. "Fuck.." He said in frustration.

Reading his thoughts she whispered "Birth control...we're fine..just...harder.."

Without hesitation, he pounded into her, holding her against the wall as he moaned and cursed into her neck while she whimpered and gripped his back.

She began to tighten and he began to swell. He cursed again and she moaned "Jeff...cum with me...oh yes...."

And they gasped together in release like they'd made love for years, breathing hard and making soft moans as they finished. Her leg slid down to the floor, her knees almost buckling underneath her. He caught her and held her close, resting his head on her shoulder. 

Coming out of the trance, Tina giggled and he looked at her curiously. She replied, "We didn't even make it to the bed....or out of our clothes."

He grinned mischievously, "Well..I'm not doing anything tomorrow...if you want, I can stay over and we can see about doing just that..."

She smiled, biting her lip, and led him to her room.....

To be continued...

*Please comment and let me know what you think.