 For the story of Jeff and Tina, look at the prequel to this story, One Thing Leads to Another, although you do not have to read it to understand this part of their story.

*

Tina led Jeff into her room, forgetting all about her place being wrecked when she got ready for her date earlier that evening. She turned to him, blushing and whispered "I couldn't quite decide what to wear..."

He laughed and pulled her to him, nibbling at her ear and mumbled "You could have worn a paper bag and it would have still been sexy."

She felt his hard length pressing against her, and gasped. Looking up at him wide eyed she asked "Again...? Already...?" 

He only threw her a wicked grin and challenged, "I'm insatiable...think you can handle me?"

She giggled and nodded, "Absolutely, I'm just not sure you can handle me. Give me a sec though. I think you may have wrecked me earlier." Then she looked down, remembering her dress was still half off of her, embarrassing her once again. She grabbed a shirt from the floor and awkwardly threw it on, and pulled shorts on under her dress before taking it off. 

He laughed at her antics, giving her another mischievous look, "I'm only gonna rip it off of you, you know..."

She laughed and began to feel awkward in this in between stage with a man she didn't really know. She decided on being hospitable. "Would you like a glass of wine, or coke...?"

"I'll take some wine, if you don't mind. You make me thirsty, in more ways than one."

Shaking her head, with a grin she soon returned soon with two glasses of wine, and sat next to him on her bed. They sipped in silence for several minutes before she began to question him. "Jeff?"

"Yeah?"

"Why did you ask me out?"

He turned to her, a little shocked at her bluntness, "Well...Tina...I always wanted to get to know you..."

He trailed off, but it was obvious she was waiting for him to continue. "I...I mean I see you every single day. What I said at the store wasn't flattery or just a line. I really have always wanted to come see you, or get some coffee just in hopes of getting to talk to you. You always seemed so skittish when I just smiled at you outside I figured you thought I was a freak or something. Just seeing you out there made me so nervous, I couldn't imagine trying to talk to you...You're so gorgeous and...damn sexy. You are just the way I like women to be...I just figured when I saw you in the store it was my one and only chance, and after that, I was so excited I just couldn't wait to call."

She nodded in understanding and replied, "I felt the same. I've wanted to come into the deli to talk to you since I saw you that first day. I'm normally way shy..I couldn't bring myself to do it. I haven't dated in a long time, and I certainly haven't done anything like this in a very long time. I'm not exactly sure what I'm doing right now."

"You haven't dated...? Why...?"

"Heartbreak will do that to you I guess."

He studied her deeply, trying to understand, but instead of questioning he just leaned to her, kissing her soft, inviting lips, then whispered to her, "I don't know who hurt you, and I don't know your story, but I'm willing to be here to heal you. I don't normally do this on a first date, but you bring out a lot of things in me that I'm not used to. Let me take care of you this time." 

He leaned in again and kissed her mouth, taking his time to wrap her up in his arms, and she clung to him like a life preserver. He very slowly kissed his way down her neck, and shoulders, every once in a while giving light nibbles and licks. He then laid her back on the bed, moving his caresses and kisses to her stomach where he began to lift up her shirt, taking his time, and covering every inch of displayed skin with his hot mouth as she moaned, beginning to breath harder and heavier.

Finally, nearly an eternity later to Tina, he pulled her shirt over her shoulders, and began kissing her breasts, licking around her small, dark nipples. She looked down at him, whimpering at his administrations, and sighed, "I know they're small...."

He interrupted her with a bite on her nipple, causing her to gasp, then murmured against her creamy skin, "I wouldn't have it any other way." 

She sighed again, only in pleasure, and he returned to his task, sucking on one breast, and tweaking her other nipple with his hands, causing all sorts of sighs and moans from her that drove him wild.

He then kissed his way down her stomach and reached her small waist, tugging them down slowly, again kissing all uncovered skin. She was still without panties from their previous session against the wall, and he sighed against her smooth wet pussy lips as her scent filled his nostrils, making him even harder if that was even possible. She began to writhe under him, feeling the closeness and warmth of his mouth to her pussy, making her juices and heat flow. 

He leaned in slowly, and licked her slit, causing a satisfied moan from her above him. She widened her legs, and lifted her hips to feel more of him, which made him moan in desire. He slowly licked further into her creamy depths, and began sucking on her little clit, slipping two fingers into her dripping cunt, feeling her thrash and moan under him as she raked her fingers through his hair, trying to force his head down deeper. His fingers moved slowly through her, and she sighed and cried out his name in passion.

Soon, he felt her tightening around his fingers, and she came, and he moaned onto her pussy with her as her juices flowed onto him, his cock straining, needing to feel those juices.

She grabbed at him and frantically tried to pull him to her, whimpering "Jeff, I...I need you now..please..please fuck me."

He quickly shed his pants and boxers, though not fast enough for her liking, and finally positioned himself between her legs, determined to give her what they both needed. 

He slowly entered her, and gasped, shocked by her wetness. She claimed his mouth with her, tasting herself on his tongue as she moaned into his mouth. He filled her up, his cock long and thick in her tight tunnel, making her moan and once again claw at his muscular back. They found a rhythm together, and moved in seemingly slow motion. She put one leg around his hip, and they both gasped as he penetrated deeper, and both began to feel the build up of their passion. 

She began to tighten, making him groan and curse in pleasure, and his deepest thrust caused them to go over the edge together, he growling her name, and she crying out his. 

As they finished together, he rested against her, both breathing heavily, and mumbled against her skin, "You are so amazing...I can't believe I have all night with you.."

She replied, her voice shaky and quiet, "You do have all night with me, and even longer if you'd like. Just don't leave."

"Trust me," he sighed rolling off of her to lay beside her, "I'm not going anywhere."

to be continued...

Please leave any kind of feedback and let me know what you think.