 "Oh, damn, babe, that is so hot," Brad panted, his eyes fixed to the big-screen HDTV in their den. One arm was around his beautiful, nude wife, Cheryl, and his other hand was slowly stroking his erect cock.

"Mmmmm, it does look inviting," Cheryl said breathily, tugging on one nipple as she lazily traced wet circles around her clit.

They were seated on their large sofa, a towel spread underneath them on the cushions. It was "date night in" for the young couple. As these kinds of dates sometimes evolved, streaming content from Brad's laptop to the TV provided easy access to sexy vids and scenes they liked to watch as a prelude to their own couplings.

Even a "date night out" usually led to energetic sex after they returned to their apartment, but "date nights in" meant their planned dates could, from the very start, be focused on sex in ways that dinner at a restaurant and a movie afterwards never could.

For one thing, "date night in" could include a shared shower to start things off, each of them taking time to wash and fondle the other in all the right places and ways.

"I know you like that shot," Cheryl purred as she dropped her hand from her nipple and gently urged Brad's hand away from his erection so she could handle it. "You like to see a pretty woman naked with her legs spread as she plays with her pussy, don't you?"

Brad groaned his affirmation, enjoying both the question and the feel of Cheryl's fist wrapped around his throbbing shaft.

The video playing right now was a naked female, and Cheryl enjoyed seeing her husband's resulting sexual arousal. Their date night could just as easily include a video of a naked male, erect cock plainly visible as a young lady toyed with the throbbing shaft. In that case, it would've been Brad enjoying Cheryl's arousal, saying something like, "He has a nice, hard cock, don't you think, baby? You'd love to fondle his balls while you play with him just like she is, wouldn't you?"

In fact, Brad knew as well as Cheryl about spousal erotic hot buttons. He knew Cheryl liked seeing handsome, naked men with long, stiff dicks, liked seeing women play with those big cocks, liked seeing those dicks pop out of trousers and briefs. He knew what kinds of fantasies his wife liked to indulge: buffed, naked guys with firm, muscular butts, eager to bury their faces between a woman's legs, talented with their tongues on a woman's clit, and very, very good at providing a nice, hard, satisfying fuck.

And he worked at staying in shape — yes, for himself, but also so he could trigger his wife's fantasies by being her own personal, naked, stud with a nice, hard cock for her to play with.

They were both eager to have the other enjoy the visual stimulation of naked men and women, knowing it was only fantasy play meant to complement their lust for each other.

Cheryl adjusted herself next to him, reaching for the bottle of lotion they'd put on the end table, knowing it would be needed. She poured a little lotion into her palm, still eyeing the action on the screen so she could keep up her sexy, teasing commentary.

She knew he loved it!

Happy with the little intake of breath she elicited when the cool lotion made contact with Brad's hot cock, Cheryl tossed back a lock of her blonde hair from her eyes by flicking her neck in that way Brad found so charming and continued describing what they were watching. The added spin in her narrative was that she knew exactly what to say to push her man's private hot buttons as the visual images before them offered multiple launching points into fantasy scenarios that turned her husband on.

"You'd love to crouch down in front of her right now, wouldn't you, baby? You'd just love to make her stop frigging her clit so you could suck her fingers clean of her juices before you buried your tongue inside her pussy, isn't that right?"

While Brad's groan of assent turned her on incredibly, what she'd just described for him turned Cheryl on, too — she was imagining him doing exactly that to her.

In fact, she'd demand it in a few minutes when they rushed to the bedroom to fuck.

"Oh, you would suck her clit so good that she'd come really, really hard for you."

Brad didn't have to say anything with words. His labored breathing and the steel-hard erection in her hand gave Cheryl the answer.

The young beauty in the solo masturbation scene was reaching for a dildo.

"She's going to fuck herself with that dildo, Brad. I bet you'd like to slick it up first, to get it nice and wet for her. Then you'd ease it into her wet pussy while you sucked on her clit. Just imagine her hard, throbbing clit under your tongue. Wouldn't that be exciting? Wouldn't you just love to hear her moan in excitement because you're working her over with your tongue and mouth?"

"Jeez, Cheryl, you know what you're doing to me with your nasty talk."

She stopped stroking his cock abruptly. Facing and straddling him, she raised herself up on her knees to hover momentarily, positioning his cock at the entrance of her pussy in exactly the right way. Then she slid down the length of him quickly as she gazed deeply into his brown eyes.

God, she loved the way he filled her up!

"Don't come, Brad," she warned. "I wanna fuck you good before you pump your hot cum inside me," Cheryl said, grinding her pussy onto his lap and then immediately sealing her mouth against his, exploring for his tongue with her own.

Slowing her motions on him to help him control himself, she broke the kiss and whispered in his ear, "What is she doing now? Tell me."

"When you make me talk about it, babe, you know that gets us both really close-"

"And there's something wrong with that?" she interrupted, beginning a very slow grind around his stiff dick as it impaled her.

Brad smiled at her then placed one hand on the back of her head to urge her mouth again to his. He french kissed her deeply in that sexy, great-kisser technique of his that never failed to rev her up several notches from wherever she was at the moment. Cheryl tilted her pelvis forward, trying to get additional stimulation on her clit.  

"You know what she's doing, Cheryl," Brad said, breaking the kiss and watching the screen over his wife's shoulder. "She's sliding that dildo into her pussy." He cupped his wife's cheeks with his strong hands and urged her forward in order to help her find the best position to squirm against him for maximum clitoral stimulation. "Man, she is wet. You can see the dildo gleam with the wetness of her juices."

Cheryl enjoyed Brad's nasty talk, too. She nibbled his ear after whispering, "Keep talking, babe. I love your sexy voice."

"Now she's stroking her clit with one hand while she pumps that dildo in and out of her pussy with the other," he continued. "Her nipples are rock hard and her crotch is soaked and extra pink. She is really turned on by whatever she's thinking, and it's making her fuck herself good with her toy."

Cheryl's actions on Brad's cock were becoming more urgent.

"She's thinking how good it would feel to have her man's hard dick pumping inside her while she plays with her clit. That's what's she thinking, Brad."

They both knew what Cheryl was really saying: That's exactly what I want!

"Mmmm," was the only thing Brad could manage in reply. Cheryl leaned back and arched her tits forward. The action wasn't a request. It was a demand.

Her hard nipples were aching, and Brad knew just what to do.

"Oh, god!" Cheryl squealed. Knowing what was coming didn't diminish even a tiny bit the shocking pleasure of his mouth sealing around one breast followed immediately by the feel of his tongue pushing her erect nipple hard up against the back of his front teeth. Brad wasn't biting her nipple, but it was close enough in a way that threatened the delicious pain without causing any.

Brad knew better than to prolong the intensity of sucking and play-biting her nipple like that. It always made her come so quickly when he did it at the same time he was fucking her.

Then, What the fuck, he thought. 

Cheryl was a true artist with multiple orgasms.

He thrust up inside her and trapped her nipple between his tongue and his teeth. Then he really went to town on the pussy-nipple combination he knew would send her over the edge.

It took all of fifteen seconds.

Cheryl's shriek was clamped down as much as she could manage, but Brad still worried the noise would wake the neighbor's baby that was surely asleep by now in the apartment underneath.

He raised Cheryl up a bit, his grip still firm on her bottom, and readjusted things. Her cum was leaking out of her very slippery pussy, and he needed to reposition his cock after the three strong spasms around it that came with his wife's orgasm.

His eyes refocused on the screen as Cheryl's head rested against his chest. She would need a minute to recover.

The girl in the video had reached for a butt plug.

He watched her lube it up. The dildo was still in her pussy, trapped with the heel of one foot nudged up against it in her splayed-open position.

The plug was fairly slender, but it was at least five inches long.

Cheryl was stirring against his chest.

"She's lubing her butt plug," he whispered.

Craning her neck around to see the screen, Cheryl said, "You're gonna like seeing that, aren't you?"

He only grinned, eyes still on the screen.

"I know how much you love seeing a pretty woman's cute little asshole," she said, nuzzling his neck. "Isn't that right?"

Releasing her bottom and settling her comfortably down onto his thighs, he made the only appropriate response: "Guilty as charged, ma'am."

"It's okay — I'm gonna watch, too," Cheryl said, sliding off him and happy to see she had managed an intense orgasm on her husband's erection while he had somehow delayed his own. Brad's gorgeous hard cock was still at maximum stiffness. "No need for lotion now," she said, grabbing his throbbing penis.

Video girl rolled over, dildo still buried in her pussy, and raised up slightly on her knees, arching her back. She brought her ass up and open to the camera's voyeuristic eye.

"Mmmm," Cheryl said, purposefully playing to her husband's proclivity for seeing pretty, naked female asses, "she has a pretty asshole, doesn't she?"

Indeed, the girl in the video did have a beautiful, crinkled opening. It was a fetching sight on the big screen, in full color. She had removed every trace of hair, and her pink portal was framed by lovely firm asscheeks.

It beckoned, and Cheryl knew it would jump-start one of her husband's sexual hot buttons.

"You'd like to lick it, wouldn't you?"

His cock throbbed in her hand.

"You'd get down behind her, spread her cheeks, and you'd rim her out."

Brad groaned, his eyes on the pretty girl's completely exposed asshole.

By now the redhead on the screen had positioned the rounded end of the butt plug at the entrance of her starfish. She began teasing herself, pushing the plug in just a little bit, then easing off.

"What if she's thinking about some guy's tongue doing to her what she's doing with that plug right now, Brad? What if she's trying to make her buttplug into a substitute for a guy's tongue, sliding in and out, thinking about how bad she wants to come with his tongue inside her ass?"

He shot her a warning look.

"Cheryl, you-"

"Shhh," she said, lowering her head to lick a droplet of pre-cum off her husband's cock. "She's gonna take that plug all the way inside her tight ass. We both know it," Cheryl said, raising back to her position snuggled against him.

"You're using what you know about my sexual turn-ons against me right now," he said, eyes darting between Cheryl's face and the girl on the screen as the actress began sliding the full length of the dildo inside her ass. "You know you're teasing me to the point of shooting my load!"

"Then it's time, isn't it, baby?" Cheryl said simply, releasing his cock and getting up from the couch. She hit pause to freeze the image on the screen with the girl now impaled on both the plug and the dildo, her head tossed back and eyes closed with an expression of intense pleasure written clearly all over her face.

Cheryl stood for a moment in front of her husband, her nipples hard and pointed and a flush around her pussy clearly communicating her own sexual arousal.

"I want you to lick my asshole before you fuck me with your big, hard cock."

She turned and walked to the bedroom.

Brad rose and rushed after her, his stiff erection bouncing as he caught up with his nude wife at the bedroom door. He was eager to give her the wet, nasty pleasure they both craved. Then he would fuck her to an intense orgasm and have one of his own in the process.

***

They woke the next morning and lazed in bed. It was Sunday, and the rest of the morning and afternoon stretched before them with promises of time to relax even more.

After cuddling a bit, Brad pushed himself out of bed, saying, "I am really hungry this morning. You want pancakes?"

Cheryl smiled and watched her handsome husband slip into his briefs, a pair of athletic shorts, and one of his favorite T-shirts. He kept in shape, and he was sexy as hell in those shorts. His rumpled brown hair, handsome face with those long eyelashes that she just adored, and the sexy shadow of a beard across his strong jaw were all things she noted as she propped up on one elbow.

"Yeah. Pancakes would be great."

Watching him head out the bedroom door, Cheryl thought back to their date-night-in evening. It was fun, sexy, and so satisfying. Three orgasms! The memory brought a smile.

She loved teasing him, getting him really hard, making him desperate to fuck her. The video had been one she'd found when she was getting things ready for date night in. (Last night had been her turn to set things up.) She looked specifically for a pretty girl, a solo masturbation session, good lighting and photography to show the girl's aroused nipples and pussy, a believable actress who looked for all the world like she really was turning herself on and triggering an orgasm, and a stretch in the action where the girl's completely exposed asshole was in view.

Cheryl had learned her husband's sexual trigger points.

It had been fun, but it did take a little looking on the web to find just the right vid.

Then she had an idea.

I know all of Brad's kinks and turn-ons, she thought. I could do everything that girl in the video did, AND I could talk to the camera — looking right at him when he sees the video — and say exactly the right things to tease him incredibly.

Then Cheryl's devious side surfaced: And I could tell him that he has to masturbate while he watches my video, that he has to stroke his hard cock while he hears me talk so dirty in the video, saying exactly the things that get him hot while he watches me play with myself while I tell him I want his tongue inside me.

And I'll turn around and bend over to give him that sexy ass shot that makes him crazy.

God, that would get him so turned on he'd have blue balls by the time the video finished, she thought.

The whole idea of such a video was so-o-o-o-o hot!

But then another delicious thought popped into her mind: She'd video record him while he watched her naughty video on their TV screen. It would be so much erotic fun to have her own, private video of her naked husband, stroking his beautiful hard cock while he watched her in a very, very naughty video on the screen of their TV. 

And she would make sure in that video that she would be doing and saying exactly the things she knew drove him crazy to fuck her!

I am such a nasty girl, Cheryl thought with a smile.

And I love it!

Her mind quickly went into overdrive with a check-off list of what would happen:

She'd record the video with their camcorder the next time Brad was away at a business meeting. That would be next week, and the job would keep him out of town from Thursday until he returned late Saturday night.

Check.

She'd edit the video using the software tools she was familiar with as part of the work she did in her advertising job.

Check.

After she'd made her sexy video, she'd set up their next date-night-in. It would be fun — she would be mysterious about why their camcorder was set up on the tripod next to the TV and pointed at the sofa. (And I'll have tested everything beforehand so the camcorder frames the spot on the couch where Brad will be watching my video, Cheryl thought.) Then she'd hit "record" and leave the room, telling Brad — already naked and directed as to what his role was to be, including the part about him stroking his hard cock — to get into position on the couch and turn on the video.

The result would be her own private porn vid. It would show her handsome, nude husband, being sexually teased in ways that turned him on incredibly because of the things video-Cheryl was saying and doing as shown in full color and surround sound in their den. It would show Brad crazy in lust for her and getting closer and closer to orgasm as he masturbated to her image and sultry voice coming from their big-screen TV.

Check and double check.

Then — and one hand slid underneath the front of her panties at the very thought — their little camcorder would capture every spurt of his orgasm, recording all the sounds he'd make and the look on his face when he shot his load in response to what video-Cheryl was doing to his sexual mind and soul.

I am finally gonna get that tribute video from Brad that I've wanted ever since Laura told me about getting one in response to her online forum post.

Her nipples tingled, and Cheryl figured she had just enough time before Brad's pancakes were ready to get herself off to the fantasy of the super-sexy scenario she'd just concocted — a fantasy she would turn into reality.

***

Laura was a girlfriend from work. Tall and slender with dyed-black hair, an eyebrow piercing, and hints of goth painted Laura as the polar opposite of the five feet and seven inches in height that Cheryl stood with blonde locks and a beach bunny figure.

They were good enough friends that Laura would occasionally confide some of her racier escapades. Laura blogged on random topics and had a few hundred followers around the world who were obviously also open-minded and free-spirited souls. Some posts on her blog had made Laura curious about online forums that focused on sex.

Over lunch the week before, Laura had told Cheryl about posting a request on a forum she'd found where adventurous male readers offered to send tribute videos to women on the forum if the women would send them a picture that would inspire the tribute. Laura posted a body shot of herself showing her from the neck down and naked as captured in a selfie with her phone. She had invited male readers to send their videos to the email address she'd set up just for the blog.

"It's an email address I set up under a pseudonym using a free email service out of the Netherlands," Laura said. "In that forum, I'm just 'X78NT,' and my email address doesn't say, 'Laura at 17B on Hondo Drive in San Diego' or anything."

Laura's personality included a lot of smart-aleck.

"Tribute video?" Cheryl had asked, twirling the straw in her diet coke.

"Yeah, you know," Laura replied around a bite of the hamburger on which she'd slathered more barbeque sauce than Cheryl believed was legal. "Videos guys shoot of themselves jacking off while they look at your picture."

Laura paused chewing for a moment to cast a gaze at Cheryl's surprised face.

"Don't tell me you've never heard of it," Laura said after a swallow.

"Guys masturbating and then sending a video of themselves doing it?" Cheryl asked, glancing nervously around and lowering her voice. "Frickin' no, I haven't heard of it!"
