 It's hot. I stand at the end of my driveway, bags at my feet. Sweat trickles slowly between my breasts as I wait impatiently for you. I feel excited, tense. This will be our first meeting after months of chatting online. I can already feel my juices gathering down below. I wonder if you look as good as your picture. 

I hear a low growl; like a hungry animal. My eyes widened as a sleek, low slung black sports car rolls to a stop in front of me. My body tightens. My pussy swells. The passenger door slowly swings open and I get my first good look at you...... 

You're absolutely delicious. I can't wait to get a taste of you. So big, so much luscious chocolate. You have no idea the thoughts flowing thru my mind as you start talking to me, so happy that we've finally met. As you tell me what we're going to do for the day, all I can think about is how much I want your cock in my mouth. 

You realize I've grown quiet and that I can't take my eyes off you. You ask me what I'm thinking about. I tell you frankly that I want to taste you, feel how big and hard you can get. I want to feel your hot cum flow down my throat. Does it taste as sweet as you look? I see the desire grow in your eyes and in your pants. I twist in my seat and reach for your zipper. I hope you know how to drive. 

I release your cock from its constricting prison. You are huge and so smooth. There's already a small pearl of moisture at the tip just waiting for my lips. I stroke my hand up and down your shaft wanting you just a little bit tighter. You let out a soft, low moan, raise your shirt, and slide down a little in your seat. That's good baby I say. Give it to me. Let me take you to paradise. 

I lower my head into your lap and take a deep breath. I love the smell of a man's secret place. You can tell a lot about the man in that one inhalation. I lick my lips and wrap my mouth around your cock. It gives a little kick and I know its all mine. I slowly slide you down my throat and back out in a smooth rhythm. Sucking and licking. Your hands are clinched tight to the wheel, you can barely concentrate. You tell me in between deep moans how much you want to fuck me. I tell you to pull over right now! I want you to fuck my mouth, show me who the boss is. 

The tires screech as you swerve to the shoulder of the freeway. You ram the gear into park and grab my hair tightly. You shove my face hard toward your dick and my mouth is ready to meet it. You slam into me over and over. I can't breathe. It tastes so good. My nipples grow hard as rocks and I start cumming from deep within as you scream your release and squirt your load down my throat. It fills my mouth and it's so sweet baby. 

After a few moments we collect ourselves and continue on our journey. You tell me it's not over by far. You can't wait to get a mouthful of what I have to offer. 

After an hour's drive we finally pull up to this cozy little café right on the beach. The ocean air feels exquisite on my sweaty skin as I climb out of the car. You snake your arm around my waist and fondle my breast a little as we walk up to the entrance. My nipple puckers up waiting for your kiss and I let out a little moan. You tell me I'm not the only one who's freaky and just wait for what you have in store for me. The thought of it has my pussy literally dripping like a huge ripe peach. A waiter, who's a luscious piece of chocolate himself, opens the door for us. It's a very nice place for a beach café; all bright colors and clean lines. I say I need to use the lady's room and smile seductively at both of you. I run my fingertips down the fly of your jeans and watch both your cock and the waiter's get hard as stone. I can just imagine the throbbing, the moisture collecting for release. If I wasn't such a lady I'd take you both right there in front of everyone....... 

I sigh as I walk thru the restroom door. Shit, I really need to get fucked good, I think. I pull up my mini skirt and slide my wet panties down my legs and off. I put them to my nose and breathe in deep. I love the smell of ripe pussy. Suddenly the door swings open and I turn around quickly. I'm startled and a little excited to see it's our waiter. What could possibly bring him in here? He doesn't say a word. He grabs me by the waist and sets me hard on the bathroom counter. He pushes my skirt up farther than it already is and spreads my legs widely apart. My pussy is glistening and throbbing along with my heartbeat.

He quickly unzips his workpants and pulls out his extremely hard dick and thrusts it deeply into me. My head falls back against the bathroom mirror from the sheer pleasure of it. I moan loudly as he brings me closer to him. I grab his hair and hold on tightly as his mouth finds my breast which had slipped out of my silky button down shirt. He bites it so gently as he fucks me so hard my back is slamming into the mirror at breakneck speed. He has me cumming hard and pouring my juices all over his cock. The pulsing waves of my orgasm makes him push my legs up as high as they will go and slam into me one last, hard time. You can hear the café go quiet as he screams out his animalistic release. And just as suddenly as he appeared; he retreats and I'm left glistening with sex, breathing hard, and almost naked. Oh fuck I moan.....hmmmm....... 

I slowly slide off the counter, fix my clothes. I shove my wet panties into my purse. They'll be of good use later I think. I walk out to our table. My legs are trembling and my heart is still racing. I see your pouring me a glass of champagne. Hmmm.....I hope its icy cold. As I reach the table you look up and smile at me and ask what took me so long. I watch the smile die on your face and the realization dawn as you quickly figure out someone else has got a taste of me first. I expect you to be angry, to storm out in a typical fit of male temper. But no.....what is this I see......your eyes are not filled with anger but with lust. Dark, deeply carnal lust. It's blazing from your whole body in waves. My body breaks out in a light sweat. I grow soft and tight all over. Baby, I want you so bad....... 

I slide into my chair and take a much needed drink of frosty champagne. Hmmm....this would taste so good swirling around on your dick I think. The lovely waiter has conveniently sat us in a remote corner of the quiet café. Just the perfect spot for a little fun...you set down your menu and reach for my thigh. You're not hiding a thing. You don't give a fuck who sees what your about to do cuz mama's been a bad girl. Your gonna teach me a lesson for giving away what should only be yours. You pry my willing legs apart and the smell of fresh sex wafts between us. You growl deep as I softly moan in need. You let out a quiet "oh fuck" as you realize I'm not wearing my panties. Your fingers become slick from my juices and those of the waiter's. Your fingers caress my swollen pussy like butterfly wings and it send me rocking in my chair. I'm gasping for air, trying not to scream out my pleasure.

I feel my orgasm coming on and you can strangely sense that so in tune you are with my body. You quiet your hand and I hazily wonder what's going on. I look at you smiling at me devilishly. You tell me to look into your eyes, you say don't look away. And I don't. Suddenly, I feel your thumb push into my ass. You're moving it in and out and around; like you're priming it for your cock. I cum instantly. I'm clutching your hand with my ass cheeks as wave after wave of my cum drowns you in my warmth. You know I'm all yours now. 

The waiter walks up to the table to take our order. You throw him an evil grin and start licking my cum and ass juices from your hand. Before I can intercede between this escalating cock fight something across the café grabs my attention. A woman a few tables away is playing with herself. I normally don't find other women attractive but she is exquisite. A vision of beauty sitting so elegantly you wouldn't know she was being so naughty. She's sitting in a way so that only I can see what she is doing. 

I thought I couldn't be aroused any more than I already was but just watching her delicate fingers part her moist lips and bring forth so much honey had my mouth watering. I suddenly wanted to taste her so bad. The thought had my body humming like an electric wire and I had to clutch the chair hard with my hands to keep from slipping to the floor. The frustrated, hungry moans coming from deep in my throat cause both of you to stop arguing and grow quiet. You have no idea what could possibly be turning me on so strongly but you're ready to bust a nut, hard. I startle you as I jump up and say let's get out of here. You ask me what about the food? I tell you, forget the food, I'm ready to go to the beach and fuck the shit out of you. You get your wallet and throw some money at the waiter. Let's go you say and start rushing for the door. Wait baby I say. I have something to do first. I walk over to the woman and she smiles knowingly at me. I lean over and give her a deep kiss and slip my card into her slippery pussy. I scoop out some sweet cum and suck it off my finger as I walk away. Now I'm ready to go......... 

I'm feeling like a caged beast within as we get back inside the car. I'm so aroused and growing tired of the fun and games. I want to fuck you so desperately. I'm getting so jumpy you would swear I'm a recovering addict. You sense my restlessness and gather me into your arms as best you can in the car. In between soft, slippery tongue kisses you tell me you really are glad we finally met. You run your hands gently thru my hair and bathe my neck with your lips and tongue. You bite my earlobe and whisper in my ear that not only do you want to fuck me til I scream your name over and over but you also want to make love to me. Endless love until our souls intertwine. I smile softly at you, trail my finger down your cheek and say let's go to the beach now love. 

The sun is starting its slow descent into the sea when we arrive. The ocean air is slightly cool and the waves are small. There are not many people about and it's very secluded. I step out of the car and take a deep breath. You ask me if I want my bag but I tell you a blanket, some towels, and my purse will be all I'll need. We start walking thru the sand to the water's edge. You intertwine your fingers with mine and pull me close to your side. I love the warmth coming from your body and you smell so good. I really can't believe my good fortune in having found you. 

We find a good spot and spread out the blanket. I drop my purse and towels on the sand where I'm standing. You ask me if I'd like to sit down but I tell you no. I just want you to come here. As soon as you reach me I start to unbutton your shirt. I've been waiting for this all day. I run my hands over your chest; lazily twirl my fingertips around your plump nipples until they grow hard like raisins. I caress the treasure trail that snakes down your stomach and when I reach the button on your jeans I stop and smile at you playfully. "Baby what's on your mind?" you ask me. I tell you I want us to get naked and go make love in the ocean.

You let out a deep moan and pull me closer. You rip off my top and my lacy bra. My plump breasts fall free and they're throbbing. My nipples are like tights pearls and your mouth waters looking at them. You unbutton my skirt and let it fall to my feet. I kick it off along with my sandals and stand still in all my naked glory. You tell me I am so beautiful and that you will cherish me always. The look on your face, so tender and hungry all at the same time brings a tear to my eye. I fall to my knees and unbutton your jeans. Your thick cock springs out into my loving mouth. I bathe you with my tongue as I slide your jeans and underwear down your legs.

I run my hands over your ass and run my fingertips down your crack. You shove your hands into my hair and still my head. You tell me wait baby, I want to cum inside you. I want to feel the walls of your pussy suck all the cum out of my dick. You help me up from my kneeling position, kick off the rest of your clothes, and lift me into your arms. You walk us into the water and the warm ocean waves caress our burning skin. I have never wanted a man as much as I want you in that moment. 

You brace yourself against the ocean swell and fit me over your dick. I'm so wet that you slide in quickly and so very deep. I wrap my legs and arms around you and thrust my self even deeper down on you. I want to climax instantly but I control it, barely. The walls of my pussy are pulling madly at your cock and you're gasping for your own control. You fall to your knees and lay me in the wet sand. The water and sand swirl around me but I don't care. I'm crying out for you to fuck me, to own me. We become wild animals as we tear into each other with great, unstoppable passion. 

You shove my knees up against my ears with one arm and ram your cock into me over and over again. Occasionally you'll stop thrusting and rest the tip of your dick at the opening of my pussy to tease me. I thrust my hips up violently to plunge it back in. I'm screaming your name and choking on salt water. With your free hand you start shoving a finger and then two in and out my ass. It has me bucking in your arms with ecstasy. I can't control it anymore. I cum deeply and squirt my honey all over your cock, hand, and my ass. Your dick is pulsing inside me but still you hold on. 

Suddenly you pull out and I'm yelling with frustration. You throw me over your shoulder and spank my ass hard. I cum again and more honey pours. When you reach the blanket you throw me down on my stomach. You lift my hips and part my ass cheeks. You run your hand thru my pussy and gather up some juice. You coat your throbbing cock with it and my asshole. You're grunting in want, need, and pain. Fuck, you need to bust so bad but your going to make sure you own me and that I never forget it, ever. 

You part my ass even farther and plunge slowly inch by inch into my ass. It's so tight and so hot. Your body breaks out in a cold sweat with every thrust. I'm clutching the blanket tight with my hands and screaming my pleasure and pain into the wind. If anyone is left on the beach they must be wondering what creatures wander the sand. You feel your orgasm coming on strong. It's going to be a deep one. With one slick move, you slide out of my ass, flip me over, part my quaking thighs and with heartbreaking gentleness thrust as deep as you can into me. I look into your eyes and watch you cum. Your body is bucking and shaking and your dark eyes go black. You whisper my name, grasp my breasts, and pluck a nipple into your mouth and suck like you were receiving life from me. It causes me to cum once more ever so softly and then both our bodies still. You roll onto your side and gather me to you. The wind blows the blanket over our cooling bodies and you start to fall into a restful sleep.

I'm still awake and growing restless once more. A naughty smile breaks out on my face and I reach an arm out for my purse. Now where did I stick those sweet smelling panties.....?