 Julie's busy. She's going to college to be a veterinarian, and working two jobs to pay for it and the bills. The last thing she needs is the complications of dating. Sex? Oh, yes, please, but the one guy she wants is her boss' nephew. Blake's a hot ex-solider with a surprising love for cooking. Like Julie he's working his way through his education—culinary school. When her car breaks down and he offers her a ride home, Julie can't resist the chance to get him alone...

*

ONE WAY TO DO IT

"God, I hate this job." Julie groaned and peeked out the swinging shut door. "It's a madhouse out there."

Blake turned from the line, where he was putting the finishing touches on plates. He was always hot, right then, he was actually hot. The heat coming off the steaming hot equipment had tightened his shirt to his trim, toned upper body. His muscular arms, tanned and tattooed, paused in mid-air. 

"You're not kidding. Everyone's substituting and changing their minds tonight—I'm losing it over here."

Julie sighed as she checked tickets against slips of paper. "Table six? They're monsters. Just so you know. The woman insisted she can't have white wine, after she ordered white wine."

Blake gave her a long glance. "She ordered the scampi?"

"Yeah."

"It's got white wine..."

Julie patted at her blonde hair to make sure it hadn't come loose form the bun she had put it into earlier. Blake's black hair was under a silly little net, and it didn't make him any less sexy. God, how could he be so four alarm fire hot even while wearing a net to keep his hair from falling into food?

She said, "She's a scammer. She drank a whole glass, filled it back up partway with the water in her glass and claimed an allergy. Said she'd asked for Pinot Noir, not Grigio."

Blake shook his head. "Wow. It takes all kinds."

"I know." Did she ever. 

He grinned, showing solid white teeth behind full, imminently kissable lips. "It could be worse. It has been worse. Are they making you pay for it?"

"You know it. It's supposedly my mistake and it was rung up so somebody's paying for it."

Blake said, "Sorry."

"Yeah." Frustration set in. The job was garbage on days like that one, but it was also a great place to pick up extra shifts and tips. They worked with her on her crazy schedule, which included another job and hectic classes at the nearby college. Julie grabbed dishes and slid them on trays and dashed back out, calling as she swung through the door in case anyone was going through it. She delivered the food and gathered up checks and cards and then passed out more drinks and extra napkins and grabbed more dishes. The shift wound onward. Her feet hurt and her back too.

Table six was horrible. Julie had to go back four times. The wine scamming woman was even more terrible than she had imagined. The scampi wasn't good. She didn't want it. She'd eaten half. The dish sent out to replace it, meh. But okay. Whatever. She'd eat it. The woman said that with a roll of her eyes that said she would complain the whole time. 

Julie wasn't shocked when they left her a bare ten percent tip and a mess on the table. At least they were gone. She raced back and forth. Finally, the place emptied out.

Blake was in the back, stacking pots and pans in a huge dishwasher. Julie swallowed hard as she surveyed the way the tight jeans cupped his ass cheeks and outlined each high, firm cheek.

He straightened up and turned. He spotted her. "Hey Julie. I thought you were gone."

"I wish. The busser left an hour ago and I got stuck with the tables." She held out the huge pan filled with dirty dishes and utensils. "Sorry."

He took the plastic tub and hefted it toward the dishwasher. "No problem."

"You do know cooks aren't supposed to do the dishes?"

Blake rolled his eyes. "In this joint, the rules never apply."

"How's culinary school?"

"Great." His smile lit up his handsome face. "I got my money from my military service finally, so the tuition's handled. That's a lot off my mind. And working here sucks, yes, but it also gives me a good idea of what really goes on in a restaurant kitchen. That will look good on a resume, one day."

"My only excuse is that I'm too broke to say no to working here." Julie grimaced as she spoke. "But at least I'm not stuck with a huge amount of student debt yet."

His words finally registered all the way in her brain. Her belly fluttered as the vivid image of him in a uniform filled her mind. "That's right. You were in the military for a while."

"Five years." He stacked dishes in the cavernous machine. 

Julie said, "Here, I'll help. We're the last two here, anyway. The sooner we get done, the sooner we get out."

They finished the work. he flipped switches. he asked, "How's vet school?"

"Great. hard. Ugh. I don't know. Both. Is that an option?"

"Yes."

"Then both."

They flipped off lights and turned on the alarm. Outside Blake surveyed the parking lot and asked, "Did you park somewhere else?"

"No, my car's in the shop, again." She pulled a face. "Go figure. I'm waiting for a car share, but it isn't here."

He said, "Cancel it. I'll take you home."

That was exactly what she wanted but she wanted a lot more than a ride in his car. "I can wait. You have to be tired. I know your uncle works you harder than the rest of us."

"He's killing all of us." His grin was easy, but she saw a little tightening in that smile. "And he's my stepdad's brother, so not really my uncle."

"Right. Sorry." She looked up and down the street and whipped out her phone. The car was still fifteen minutes away. "If you don't mind?"

"I don't."

"Cool." She cancelled and followed him to his car, a very nice sedan. She said, "You never said why you got out of the military and decided to go to culinary school."

"I like to cook. I used to think that was not so manly thing. I never admitted it. If I had, I never would have joined up in the first place. I have a small problem with getting up at five in the morning to run a lot of miles with a lot of guys who drank a lot of beer the night before."

"Oh." A grin surfaced and then laughter. "I see." She slid a glance at him. "And I doubt that anyone would ever accuse you of not being manly." he was a man. Every inch of him was hot. his broad shoulders, his tight waist. The strong jaw, the piercing brown eyes. The long legs that moved with real power when he walked. A thought came. "You went to Afghanistan, didn't you?"

"I did." he shrugged. That shrug said he didn't want to talk about it.

She studied his profile. She said, "You have to take that right up there and go down a mile or so. It's Briarcliff Place."

"I know where that is." his hands rested easy on the wheel. The dashboard light illuminated his face. "Why vet school? I meant to ask you that."

"I like animals."

"You're vegetarian."

She said, "You noticed that?"

"I did."

"Oh." She paused. "You make a great grilled cheese, and thanks for making it. It's not exactly on the menu."

"You're welcome." His hands turned the wheel in a smooth motion. "I didn't mind." His lips quirked upward. "Is this the part where I take the opening and say I make a hella good breakfast?"

Her heart started to pound. "I bet you do."

He gave her a short glance. "Is that the answer?"

"I like breakfast." Her mouth went dry. "I think that's a clearer answer."

Once inside her apartment she got nervous. The place was messy! She grabbed books and tried to put them away but there was no room anywhere. Her laundry washed and dried, but not yet folded, was in a basket at the end of the sofa. She groaned. "Shit. I swear I'm not a slob. It's just that I have two jobs and school..."

His hands captured her face. "No, it's fine. You should see my place. It's worse."

"Really?"

"Swear. My roommate is rebuilding his motorcycle on the patio and there's a huge mess all the time."

She licked her dry lips. "I have soda, water...and listen. I don't have time for like...like I'm not looking for a relationship. I think I should say that right now. I don't have time for that." She held her breath. Guys came back at that in one of two ways. Either she was a slut, or they assumed that meant it was open season on her pussy. 

She hurried to add "I'm also not offering to be available whenever you want to get laid. And just because I don't have time for a relationship doesn't mean I don't mind drunk calls and all the girls I know are avoiding me and I want a blow job calls."

Blake's lips curled upwards. Laughter rang out of his mouth. "That's one way to clarify."

She relaxed a little. "Sorry, it's just that I wanted to get that out of the way."

"I get it. I'm busy as hell too. I don't have time to date much and I like to think I'm way past the age of playing the drunk dialing blow job lottery."

She swallowed. "Okay."

He pulled her in for a hard embrace. Their bodies met. His chest pressed against hers. His lower body collided with hers. Desire bolted all through her system and shook her to the core, her fingers went to his strong shoulders, kneaded a little. His mouth came down on hers in a fierce and passionate kiss that left her breathless. He smelled like chocolate, likely from the desserts he'd been making and there was a little trace of wine on his breath, and mint as well.

She let her hands wander over his muscular shoulders. Even with his shirt between her and the flesh she could feel the muscular structure there. 

Desire made her dizzy. Her knees weakened.

The kiss deepened. His tongue sought out hers. She kissed him back, intent on getting as much pleasure from the moment as possible. His hands dropped to her ass cheeks and cupped and kneaded them. Fine little shivers worked their way p and down her skin, made her squirm closer.

He murmured something. his hands caught at the buttons on her blouse and they parted as if by magic. her tits strained against the plain bra she had worked in. Dammit. Why hadn't she worn something better? Too late, and it didn't matter anyway. Her shirt and the bra were on the floor and gone. His hands found the soft flesh of her tits, molded it firmly. His head bent to her nipple. She stared, rapt and fascinated, at the sight of his dark head bent to her breast. His tongue drew her nipple up and stroked it into a stiff point. Wetness dripped from her core. Her body tingled. She said, "The bedroom."

They left a trail of clothes along the floor. She kicked her shoes off. her bed was unmade, the hazard of being so busy all the time. It didn't matter. She paused for a moment to feast her eyes on his body. The tattoos wrapped his strong arms. His chest was wide and toned. His stomach flat and bearing an enviable six pack of muscle. His hips narrow and lean. A slim strip of black hair fuzzed the toned skin between his navel and his crotch.

His dick—long, hard, and wrapped with pulsing blue veins, caught her attention. She fisted it. The heated length filled her entire palm with real ease. her thumb worked along the head while her fingers squeezed and slid up and down that pounding shaft. Blake said, "Damn," on a low breath.

She pushed him back on the bed. She went right to his dick. The slightly starchy, masculine scent of his body filled her nose as she took him into her throat, her tongue stroking along the head and then the shaft while she sucked her cheeks inward to put pressure on that hot and strong flesh.

His rod grew again, forcing her to have to open her mouth wider. The pre-come lay on the back of her tongue as she took her balls into her free hand. Her thumb stroked across the heavy sacs, tautening them. The hair at his crotch, tight and black, tickled against her nose as she worked harder to take all of his enormous girth down her throat.

Blake growled, "That's enough." He hooked one strong leg over her and flipped her onto her back on the bed. His dick pressed against her skin, making fresh wetness collect and spill from her body. His teeth grazed along her neck and then her nipples. His hands spanned around her waist and then he went lower.

His tongue rubbed against her clit. Julie moaned out, "oh dammit, yes." her fingers tugged at his hair. Her back arched and her hips came off the bed. 

She ground her pussy against his chin and mouth in a frenzied motion.

His fingers drove into her, opening her pussy and making her gasp out a fast yes. His tongue kept working her clit, teasing it and lifting the flesh even higher. The erect and delicate skin of Julie's clit throbbed and pounded against his tongue and teeth. Julie's inner walls squeezed down on Blake's fingers.

He growled out a warning when she yanked at his hair. Julie forced herself to let go of the inky locks and relax a little. She didn't want to come too fast, really. She had wanted Blake for such a long time. His mouth and hands kept driving her toward orgasm though. He was good, so very good, at what he was doing that all she could do was grit her teeth and hang on for the ride.

Her breath came in ragged bursts and pants. Her toes curled and furled. her body shivered and shook. Her fingers grabbed and clawed at the sheets. Hot juices slid down her ass crack and his breath met wetness. 

Blake kept working her clit. Julie moaned out, "You're going to make me come."

"That's not an incentive for me to stop what I'm doing," he said to her pussy and then he went back to work. her eyes rolled upward in her head. "I wasn't trying to make you stop," she whimpered. "I'm just warning you."

Blake didn't answer. Instead he pressed his tongue harder against her clit, circled it and licked away salty-sweet drops and beads of pre-come that dripped from her core.

Julie found her breath just long enough to whimper. Her belly went tight. Her body went rigid. Her inner folds, slick and aching, contracted down on his fingers and she humped her ass upward as he withdrew those fingers. She was desperate to have him inside her body, fucking her. But she was also desperate to come and right then.

A final lick and thrust—and an orgasm rolled through her pussy, fluttering her folds and sending streams of hot, creamy juices form her body to splash against his face. Julie's legs kicked and jerks as the orgasm rolled on and on, she was helpless to stop it. Blake wasn't letting go. His tongue kept milking every drop of come from her shivering body.

Blake jerked himself up. he entered her in one hard and unapologetic thrust. Her body shook and her legs wrapped around his narrow waist. her nails bit deep into the skin of broad, strong back. Their mouths met again, in a deep and powerful kiss that tasted like her body and juices.

His cock, strong and long, delved into her depths, parting the swollen walls and making fresh oils spread themselves there. her body met his every thrust. his hands curled under her thighs and he lifted her ass higher in the air. The angle gave her more sensation and she gasped out, "Oh shit! Oh my God!"

Blake drove into her again. His body, lightly coated with sweat and thick with earned muscle, coiled over hers and then released with every powerful thrust of his hips. Her fingers slid along his spine, and she pressed her fingertips into his clenching ass cheeks, fielding their firm span loosen and flex with every entry and withdrawal. 

His rod pulsed and throbbed and her mouth met his ear, his neck. Her teeth left tiny little bites along that skin. 

Blake muttered, "Damn you feel so goddamn good. I've been waiting for this." he reached up and hooked her right leg over his shoulder. Julie gasped and bucked forward as his dick entered her so fully there was a slight but delicious pain way at the very end and back of her pussy.

Julie moaned, "I have too. I've been daydreaming about this since I first saw you." 

May as well admit it. It was worth waiting for. Neither of them had to say it. His dick pulsed and shivered inside her pussy. He groaned and his body went hard and inflexible. His breath washed over her face and then he groaned and buried his head in the hollow space between her neck and shoulder.

His dick splashed thick hot seed into her pussy. Julie groaned and wriggled closer. her fingers traced along his strong neck and back as he writhed a bot and his dick sent last bursts of seed into her willing body.

"Julie?" 

Blake snapped his fingers before her face. Julie blinked and then her face heated. She'd been daydreaming again, thinking about fucking Blake and now they sat before the apartment complex. "Oh, sorry..."

"It's okay. I think you dozed off." He gave her a smile. "You work too hard."

She managed to shake off the sexy fantasy, but under her shirt her nipples were hard and her pussy ached and throbbed in a delicious way. "Yeah, probably." She got out of the car. "Thanks for the ride. I mean it."

He said, "Any time." She hurried toward the building with a smile on her face. She didn't have time to date. damn sure couldn't afford to date Blake, who was the boss' nephew no matter he sliced it. But that didn't mean she couldn't have a few nice little fantasies, now did it?