 Jack shut the lights off on his truck and sat in the dark for a minute before going into her house. It seemed every time he needed a shoulder, he came here. His want for her got more intense each time her saw her. 

She answered the door on his first knock. She had seen him pull in, had been waiting all evening. Melanie welcomed him with a hug and a smile.

"How are you Jack?" She asked

"I just needed to see you. You make everything fit when I need some help." He looked her over closely. Her smile was the first thing that caught his eye. It lit up her whole face and it was infectious. When she smiled, it made everyone want to smile with her.

"Come on in. Do you want a beer?" Melanie asked. "You can tell me your troubles over a six pack."

He laughed. "Trying to get me drunk so you can take advantage of me?" They always flirted back and forth but nothing had ever come of it. It seemed their friendship was more important to both of them than sex. 

She grabbed a couple of beers and they headed out to the deck. "So, what's on your mind, Stud?" Melanie had heard through a friend that Jack and his girlfriend had broke up, again, but she didn't want to say anything until he did.

"I'm sure you've heard by now. Cindy and I split. She said she didn't think she could see a future for us anymore. She said if after a year of dating I wasn't ready to get married, she was wasting her time. Can you believe that shit? A year? I am supposed to be ready to commit to a lifetime with her after one year?" He took a big swig of his beer, trying to calm his nerves. It really chapped him that after all the shit he put up with from Cindy, that she dumped him.

"Well, Jack, You know your just commitment phobic." Melanie joked. She was glad they were through. She knew Cindy had another guy on the side, but had never said anything. It just wasn't her place to bring it up. She was pretty sure Jack knew about it, but he had never said anything.

"Maybe it's for the best, Jack. Seriously you guys have had nothing but problems ever since the beginning. I never did know what you saw in the wench." She grabbed her beer and popped the top off. She looked over the table at Jack and thought to herself maybe it was time to tell him her secret she had been harboring.

"It's not like sex with her was all that great. I was lucky if I got laid twice a month and she was never into it. She just laid there and never participated in anything. She hated foreplay. It was like fucking a tree." He smirked to himself. Maybe it was better to be rid of that dead weight now. Maybe he would be able to find a woman who actually liked sex.

"Hey Jack, can I tell you something? It's been on my mind for awhile and now is a great time to bring it up." Jack cringed. He hoped she wasn't going to bring up any of Cindy's other men. He didn't think he could stomach any of that tonight.

"Uh, sure, as long as you don't kill my buzz." He replied.

"Have you ever thought of hooking up with me?" Mel had always had a crush on Jack. But he never had made a move on her. Never once in the 5 years they knew each other.

Jack's eyes snapped to her face. Was she serious?! He had been thinking about it quite a bit lately, but never thought that Mel looked at him that way. He always thought he was just her "man" friend. "Why do you ask?"

"Well to be honest with you, I've thought of little else over the past year, than hooking up with you. I want to know what it's like to kiss you, to touch your face, to hold your hand. " She got up and walked over to where he was sitting and took his hand. "Jack, I want to know what it's like to make love to you. I want to look into your eyes as your making love with me. I want to wake up next to you in the morning and make love to you."

Jack was astonished! He hadn't any clue that Mel ever thought of him like that! He was more turned on at this moment than he had been in a very long time.

"Mel, I don't know what to say."

She took her hand back and stood up.

"I guess that means you're not interested." She turned her back towards him and started walking for the house.

He jumped up and grabbed her arm. 

"No, you've got it wrong Mel. I didn't ever think you thought of me like that. It's been running through my head for a long time now, but honestly I didn't know you felt like this." 

He cupped her cheek and ran his thumb over her lip. He felt her breath on the pad of his thumb and groaned. "Yes I want to make to you. I want to watch you cum as I am inside you." 

He heard her breath catch as her eyes widened and darkened with passion and arousal.

Melanie grabbed his hand and took him inside her house and to her bedroom. She shut the door and turned around to him. "Jack; please make love to me." She ran her hand up his arm to his neck and pulled him towards her for a kiss. She gently brushed her lips against his, just teasing him. She kissed the sides of his mouth, darting her tongue out gently to lick his lips. She stroked his neck and shoulders with her fingertips, barely touching him. He let her continue her exploration for a minute before he grabbed her roughly and hauled her up to his chest.

"Stop teasing Mel." He took her lips in his and kissed her roughly. He turned her around and pushed them up against the door so her back was tight to the door. He pressed his body into hers so she could feel his erection. She gasped as became aware of his arousal. She darted her tongue out to tease his. Her fingertips dug into his shoulders, trying to get closer to him. His kiss was stealing her breath but she wanted more.

She grabbed his shirt and lifted it over his head. She ran her fingers through his chest hair, grinning at his groan. She stood on her toes so she could run her tongue up his neck around to his ear.

"Take me to bed, Jack. Make love to me. now. Don't make beg you." She wound her arms around his neck as he hoisted her up. She wrapped her legs around his waist while she buried her face into his neck.

Jack felt the bed on his knees and laid them down on the bed. He leaned up so he could look into her face.

"God Mel, you are so beautiful. I can't believe it has taken us this long to get this far." Jack reached the hem of her shirt and slowly raised it over her head. Her breasts were heaving with every breath she took and looked as if they were ready to fall out of her bra. He reached between her breasts and undid the front clasp of her bra, letting her breasts spill out.

Jack's breath hissed out as he took in the glorious sight. He leaned over and gently took a nipple between his lips. She slowly ran his tongue around her nipple making her moan and arch her back. He moved over and paid the same attention to her other breast. 

She reached her hands between them and undid the snaps on his jeans. She ran her hand inside his pants and felt his rigid penis. She gasped as she felt him pulse in her hand. She couldn't wait until he slipped himself inside her. 

Jack reached down and pulled off her shorts and panties. He stood up and yanked his jeans and underwear off. Me scooted up higher on the bed as Jack came down on top of her.

"Are you sure Melanie? Are you positive you want this? Positive you want me?" Jacks stare was very intense as he waited for her to answer.

She ran her hand over his cock, gently gliding it to the entrance of her body. "Is this enough of an answer?" She raised her hips to impale herself on him. 

He slammed his penis into her slick tight sheath and groaned. Her hips bucked into him as she moaned his name. He took a second to collect himself and catch his breath. He slowly withdrew to the entrance of her and retreated back into her. Slowly in, slowly out, to the brink of her. Each time Jack entered her, Mel moaned his name. She tightened her thighs around his, trying to take him deeper into her. He framed her head in his hands and looked into her eyes. "I want to watch you while we make love." Jack looked into her face.

Slowly he sank his penis into her, stopping for a second when he was all the way in, watching her eyes when he could go no further. Slowly pulling back out, listening to her whimper in disapproval. He could feel her pussy tighten around his penis, clenching him, trying to stop his withdrawal. He reached between them and found her clit with his finger and gently rubbed it. Her gasp told him that he had found the right place to pleasure her. Each time he thust into her, he rubbed her clit. 

Melanie felt her orgasm coming fast. Her pussy was stretched farther than it ever had been. Her fingers were digging into Jacks back with each thrust of his penis. She had never known a lover like Jack. 

Jack started to increase his thrusts. He could tell she was close. He wanted to orgasm with her. Her nails scraped his back as she cried out. "I'm cumming Jack!" He felt her pussy start to tighten around his penis and felt his orgasm start. "Good baby, I'm cumming with you." He thrust harder and harder into her, reaching her core each time. He felt his balls let loose as he began to cum inside her. Her pussy continued to tighten around his cock with each spasm of her orgasm.

Jack emptied himself into her and laid his head on her shoulder, trying to catch his breath. Mel kissed his neck and face as she came down from her orgasm. He slowly withdrew from her body and laid next to her on the bed. He looked at her and couldn't believe that this was what had been waiting for him all this time. Why had they never made love before.

"No regrets"? Mel asked. She was completely sated. Making love with him was better than she had ever imagined.

"Only that I waited so long. This was incredible. I cannot believe this was what would happen between us. " Jack sighed. He hoped this could continue between them, where ever it may take them.