 Her slow awakening in bed turned into wide eyed panic as she felt the warm naked body of a girl lying face, gently snoring, half covering her.

"What the fuck!" she thought, and then the memories of the night before came flooding back. The Friday night drinks at her local bar. Meeting Alice, the girl now lying on top of her and that bloke, she couldn't remember his name. She remembered the alcohol flowing and them all ending up her place after her drunken invite. Now as she lay there, the events that had unfolded became even more clearer.

After several drinks, he had asked them very casually if either of them had been with a woman. She had not, but Alice just gave a sly grin leaving no doubt she had.

"Was it good?" she asked Alice.

"Only one way to find out." Alice replied, standing up, taking her hand and pulling her up off the sofa. Hesitantly, she had allowed Alice to lead her to the bedroom. Picking up his glass, he followed them, eager to see what was going to unfold.

In the bedroom, she watched Alice, uninhibited, quickly strip off her clothing. Curious and a little excited, she followed suit. Alice sat on the bed and held up her hands, beckoning her to come closer. Stepping out of her panties, she walked over to Alice and stood in front of her, slightly shaking with growing excitement. Alice leant forward and gently kissed her stomach, her lips working up towards her breasts. Just as a pair of lips engulfed her now hard nipple, she felt two soft fingers between her legs. She quivered at the touch and opened her legs wider as the fingers delved slowly between her now wet lips and up onto her hardening clit. She moaned at the touch and reached up and squeezed her free nipple with her fingers. Slowly the fingers between her legs stroked her closer and closer to orgasm. Fuck it was good. She never thought she would ever think it, but right now, she wanted this woman's face between her legs, licking her.

Leant against the wall, his breathing slightly heavier than normal and with a growing bulge in his pants, he took a sip of his drink as he looked on eagerly. His eyes were glued to her shaved wet pussy and Alice's fingers rubbing at the hard nub at the top of it, her moans of pleasure making his cock throb in his pants. She gasped as Alice's fingers slid down her pussy and then up inside her, starting to fuck her with them. "Oh god!" she was going to cum. Pushing her hips forward, she reached down and frantically rubbed her clit as Alice drove her fingers in deep and hard.

"Oh fuck!" she cried out, her pussy exploding in orgasm, her legs shaking uncontrollably and her insides doing somersaults.

"My turn." said Alice, slowly withdrawing her wet fingers and laying herself back on the bed with her legs wide open. Aroused and now eager for the taste of pussy, she slid between Alice's legs and pressed her face where they met. Eagerly, her tongue parted the soft wet lips and sought out the clit between them. Alice groaned when she found it and spread her legs even wider as she started to lick at the pussy between them. Over and over she lapped at Alice until she was bucking against her mouth. Just as Alice was about to cum, she felt two fingers slide deep into her own pussy. She had never been so turned on, fingers fucking her from behind and a warm gushing cunt being thrust up into her face. She came for the second time, her face covered in Alice's wetness, her own juices drenching the fingers behind as her contracting pussy squeezed them.

When she rolled over from between Alice's legs, they both saw that he was totally naked and aroused, his cock swollen with the first traces of precum oozing from the tip.

"My turn." he said with a grin, mimicking Alice.

"Me first." panted Alice, still in the dying throws of her orgasm and obviously very keen to have something hard inside her.

"Hang on." she told them both, leaning over to open a bedside drawer. Her hand rummaged inside it and pulled out cock ring, a free gift with a dildo she had bought ages ago.

"Here, put this on." she told him. "It'll make sure you last to do both of us good." As he slipped it over his cock and balls, she sat up and took hold of him, slowly stroking his hardening shaft until it was fat and rigid, engorged with his blood. Fuck it was huge. Alice was already on all fours, her legs spread wide with her ass in the air, her wet glistening pussy inviting him to fuck her. Still holding his rigid cock, she guided him to Alice's wet waiting cunt. Moving his cock up and down, she worked the giant head between Alice's swollen aroused lips until she felt it press into her drenched aching opening.

Alice gasped when he pushed inside her, thrusting in deep and hard. Gripping her hips he stabbed her dripping pussy again and again. Hand between her legs, she rubbed at her clit, bending forward, wanting to see his swollen cock moving in and out of Alice's stretched cunt.

"Fuck her, make her cum." She hissed, throttling her drenched pussy, frantically rubbing at her clit, Egged on, he slammed into Alice, stabbing her, driving into her as hard as he could. Pushing back hard, Alice began moaning louder and louder, her pussy squirting hard onto the bed with every deep thrust until suddenly, with a loud wail, she shot forward off his cock onto the bed, her body shaking uncontrollably in what seemed like a never ending orgasm. Left standing, with his rigid cock twitching in unrelieved arousal, he turned his attention to her.

"Your turn." He said with absolute lust in his eyes, but she was already waiting for him, on her back, legs in the air spread wide, her cunt almost a river in eager anticipation of the hard cock he was going to force inside her body.

"Yes, come and fuck me." she pleaded, her pussy literally aching to be filled.

Unceremoniously, he grabbed her around the thighs and dragged her to the edge of the bed. Leaning over her, he pressed his hard cock to her wet opening and thrust inside. Fuck!, he was big. It took her breath away as he filled her completely.

"Oh yes, fuck me." she yelled, pulling her legs up, raising her cunt, wanting every inch of him inside her no matter how much it hurt. With gritted teeth he slammed into her, driving in and out of her wet slippery pussy. She wanted to reach down and rub her clit, but someone have beaten her to it. Opening her eyes, there was Alice, knelt next to her, smiling, her hand between her legs, stroking her hard throbbing clit in time with his deep thrusts inside her,

"Oh fuck!" was all she could moan and then she exploded, her body jerking, every spot inside her cunt cumming at the same time. Pulling out of her, he started to pull his cock frantically, his need to cum all consuming. Alice lay next to her and they both egged him on until, suddenly, with a wail of release and jerking hips and hand, he sprayed them both with thick strands of cum. Both of them sighed with pleasure, rubbing it over themselves and licking him off their fingertips.

They must have both fallen asleep because when she awoke, there was no sign that he was ever there, aprat from a cock ring sitting on the bedside table. Later they would laugh that neither could remember his name, although, she said she could pick him in a line up if he was wearing a cock ring.

Jerked back to the present, the memories had left her wet and horny again and she wanted to touch herself. Reaching down, she dipped her finger in the pool of wetness that was now at her opening and used it to lubricate her now hard clit. Trying not to moan or move so as not to wake Alice, she rubbed at her clit slowly until her whole body stiffened and she started to cum. It didn't work. Alice roused.

"Good morning." she said with bleary eyes and then slumped her head back on the pillow.

"I was about to get something to eat, do you want something?" she asked, extracting herself from under Alice, sitting on the edge of the bed and donning a dressing gown.

"Not unless you have some of that leftover cock from last night." Alice replied smiling.

"No, but there is a nice big fat dildo in the bedside table." she replied, standing up and walking out of the room.

Standing over the stove poking at the sizzling bacon, she could hear the muffled groans of a huge dildo being inserted in a willing pussy and then high pitched cries of a very intense orgasm. Suddenly, for no particular reason, she wished she could remember what Alice's cunt tasted like.

"Fuck it." She thought, turning off the stove and moving the pan to a different hotplate. Grabbing and open bottle of wine and two glasses off the kitchen table, she made for the bedroom, her dressing gown open at the front, exposing the entire length of her naked body, an exciting tingling sensation between her legs.

"Breakfast is served." She said to Alice, who was laying spread eagle on the bed, still gripping the suction cup of the large dildo and looking very relaxed.

"Yum, wine and vagina." said Alice. "Let's eat."

"Vagina first I think." she said, shrugging off her dressing gown onto the floor, putting the wine and glasses on the bedside table and climbing onto the bed.

What better way to spend a hungover Saturday.