 Last night we made love for hours. It was the most passionate and hot sex I have ever had, I must remember to tell you that, to thank you for being so attentive to me and my needs. We were both so exhausted from our efforts, it didn't take long for us to both slip into a deep and restful sleep. Just before we did though, you made the comment that you might not wake up till the afternoon. I laughed sleepily and told you in a whisper, that come the morning, there was one sure way that I could wake you...

As you lay beside me sleeping peacefully, the sun filters in through the slits in my curtains, the light falls onto your chest, it is morning, it is time for me to wake you. I would watch your chest rising and falling with the rhythm of your relaxed and easy breathing, before I would slowly, carefully, quietly peel down the covers to reveal your silent, calm and naked body. I would leisurely, languidly inch my way down to the middle of your tummy where I would slowly, softly, tenderly begin to kiss you. 

Ever so delicately I would place almost imperceptible kisses on you. I would lightly kiss all of your belly before I reached back up to kiss you gently on and around your nipples. Here I would linger, and with my tongue would trace around the tight little pink circles of flesh. I know how much you love this, and I would pay lots of attention to your nipples, nipping teasingly at them, nibble them, suck on them before kissing them. When you murmur gently, I would stop, I would wait, I would watch, and soon, I would return to your tight little circles of pink flesh, devouring them yet again.

Before you wake up, I would kiss you gingerly on your soft and flaccid penis. I would take you quickly into my mouth, and back out again before lightly licking the entire length of your penis. I would kiss the tip, suck on it, lick it, flick it with my tongue and then finally take your entire length back into my mouth. I would take you all the way in, all the way out, and all the way in again. 

You would grow tall inside my mouth, a hard, full and very erect penis. I would continue to suck on you, my tongue playing with you. With my hands I would slide them the length of your erection, glide them up to the tip where my mouth is, tease the slit in the top where it's now slightly moist, and with my thumb rub the thick clear liquid back down your shaft. I would have my two hands clasped firmly yet gently around your penis while my mouth sucked its way up and back down, enjoying your warm stiffness.

As I lay there sucking you, tasting you, feeling you hard and hot inside my mouth, I would gently rake my fingernails feather-like up the sides of your torso, feeling you shiver, quiver under my touch. My fingers, sliding, searching, would glide upon your skin. I would find your nipples, with my fingers, and then with my mouth. I would pinch them firmly, followed by a warm and light lick. As my lips close in around your nipples, I would suck them, kiss them, lick them again, and I would hear you moan in pleasure as you move beneath me. I would find your neck with my lips and leave quick little kisses, at the same time becoming keenly aware of the desire building and enveloping my own body.

You're awake, but your eyes are still closed, a smile is formed on your lips. You reach up your hands and touch my back, softly, smoothly rubbing them against my warm skin. You trigger something in me, and suddenly I want you inside me.

My kisses would now become more ardent as they travelled up your neck and across your cheek, my mouth hungrily searching for yours. I find your lips, parted slightly and ready to receive me. We kiss and momentarily lose ourselves in each other's deep, probing, passionate kisses. I have forgotten to breathe and so I break away.

I look into your eyes for one long, lingering, silent minute before I begin to kiss you back down your body, back down your neck, down your chest, across your nipples and down your belly, back down to where I began. I linger there, look up at your smiling face, and take you into my mouth again...

...and that's one way I could wake you.