 "It's just two weeks mom," I heard myself yelling through the phone. "Shelli is going with me and I'll call you as soon as we get there. You have nothing to worry about...Yes...I'll be careful...I know...yes, I know...love you too."

I couldn't blame mom for worrying. It hadn't been that long that I still lived at home. I can't begin to imagine how big of a change it was for her to watch me leave for college. I still get teased about how my mom cried the whole way down the steps as she left me 'alone' on campus my freshman year. She used to call me just about every day, but slowly, she was beginning to realize the little girl she worked so hard to raise, had turned out ok.

Shelli was my roommate and became a sister to me. We were the complete opposites, but that only seemed to make us closer. She even talked me into cutting my hair short like hers once, and I wanted to cry all night even though she insisted it looked cute. I counted calories and watched what I ate, while she ate nothing but pizza and chocolate and never gained an ounce. We did everything together, so when she won a vacation for two on a remote island beach, she wasted no time in inviting me. 

Now taking a vacation to a deserted island was not something you would ever see me doing. I had worked so hard all through out high school just to make it into a good college that I seldom went out with my friends. When everyone else was out at the movies or at a party, I was at home studying. I knew it even then how much I was sacrificing, but knowing how proud my parents were to see their first born go to college was more important to me. 

Even while I kept a straight A average all my years in school, including college, I never had a problem with the boys. I was lucky enough to have inherited my mother's curvy body and while the other girls were stuffing their bras, I was doing my best to hide what God had given me. I hated getting 'that' kind of attention sometimes. I couldn't even have a simple conversation with a guy without him staring down at me. I can't tell you how many times I was called a prude, but that was ok with me.

Shelli was a different story altogether. She had terrible grades in high school, but aced her entrance exams. It was no secret that she was not a virgin, and had not been one for quite some time now either. She wasn't the prettiest girl in town, but she had that confidence and personality everyone wanted to be around. She was the first person that was able to make it through the many barriers I had built around me. She loved that I worked so hard in school, but insisted that I have a life outside of college. She would drag me out to parties or weekend trips, and slowly I began to feel her winning me over. Maybe she was right, I would think to myself. Maybe instead of planning for my future, I could take some time for me today...right now.

"It will be perfect girl!" Shelli screamed as she showed me the tickets. "It will just be you and me -- on the beach! We'll get drinks brought to us by a sexy half naked waiter and get massages while listening to the ocean waves around us! C'mon Jackie...tell me you'll come. Please come."

A few minutes later, and I was on the phone with my mother, trying to calm her down. I tried to tell her we would not be alone. I explained to her how there were about fifty other people that had also won so we would not be alone in the streets in some foreign land just waiting to be kidnapped. It took some convincing, but she agreed NOT to come get me and take me home that night, and I hung up the phone with a new excitement I didn't remember ever feeling before.

Shelli took me shopping the week before we were to leave. She told me over and over again how important it was to have the perfect bikini to fit my body. Here I was looking for a nice one-piece I could hide in, and she was bringing me smaller and smaller bikinis to try on. 

"I'm telling you Jackie. You have a great body and it's ok if you show it off every now and then. Try this white on. I think it would be perfect on you."

I reluctantly tried on the hundredth bikini on and slowly opened the changing room door. "So...how does it look?' I asked with the sexiest pose I could muster. 

"Damn, I wish I had tits like you." Shelli laughed as she walked around me checking me out from every angle. "Wow...That one fits you like a glove. That is the one. What do you think?"

"All I know is I am tired of changing and if you say it looks good, I'll take your word for it. Let's go before you change your mind."

That night when I went to bed I kept thinking of how good it felt to be standing there in that bikini. I wasn't shy at all when I had it on, and to my surprise, I didn't mind Shelli staring at me or anyone else in the store for that matter. Maybe I did look hot, I laughed to myself. I guess it would be ok to show off for once. Besides, nobody would know me there so it wouldn't hurt to let my hair down for a few days. I was getting more and more excited about this trip as the days flew by, and soon Shelli and I were boarding the boat. 

I hung up my phone and turned it off knowing I would not be turning it back on until we stepped off the boat. "Sorry Shelli...I had to call my mom one last time. I promised her. Now let's go find the bar and get into some trouble!"

After the first night, I promised myself never to drink again. I never got into the whole drinking thing, but I just couldn't say no to a drink all night long, and now I was paying for it. The whole next day I spent in my room waiting to arrive at the island. Shelli stopped by every now and then to check up on me and I swear each time she came by, she had a different man on her arm. Finally the captain announced we had reached our destination and slowly they began to ferry our way to shore. 

We found the best beach waiting for us when we made it to shore. The cleanest sand I'd ever seen. We laid back in our chairs with the umbrella over us and watched the sun set in front of us. "This is so beautiful Shelli. Thank you for inviting me." 

"It is, isn't it. Just think Jackie, we have four more days of this to enjoy."

They had a small bar setup nearby and most of the other people hung out there all night. Shelli and I enjoyed a few daiquiris and then decided to go for a walk down the beach. The sun had already set and now the full moon was making a path for us along the sand. 

"Isn't there something wrong with this picture?" I stopped walking and waited for Shellie to stop and turn around. "Here we are...two young and hot girls on a beach, and there are no guys with us. I thought we were supposed to take romantic walks on the beach with our future husbands!!"

"That shit only happens in the movies, and in books. In real life, the guys are at the bar getting drunk and waiting for the girls to get drink so they can take them home. We are better off without them...trust me."

We laughed a little as Shelli came back and wrapped her arms around me. It was a warm summer evening and the breeze felt good as we walked back to the group. The fact was I was here with Shelli and she was more than just my best friend and I couldn't think of anyone else I'd rather be here with.

We slept in a small cabana close to the beach and all night all I could hear was the sounds of the waves crashing nearby. Well, that is not entirely true. Every now and then I did hear the sounds of someone moaning or skin to skin slapping while someone was...you know. I tried not to listen, but some of them were just so loud I couldn't help it. Shelli was passed out cold and didn't budge an inch when I poked at her. I lay there quietly as the couple next to us kept me up for hours. It was a good think Shelli was a heavy sleeper, or else she might have woke up when I began moaning with my hands under the blankets and down between my legs. Like I said...they were loud and I just couldn't help it.

The next morning we stood in line for breakfast. Shelli had on her new red bikini which was smaller and tighter on her than I remember. I wore my new bikini reluctantly, but did talk Shelli into letting me wrap a sarong around my waist. "So you didn't hear anything last night?" I asked Shelli as we sat down to eat. "There must have been something in the drinks last night, 'cause I think everyone was having sex but us. I couldn't believe they didn't wake you up."

"Well, I say fuck that shit. Tonight, it's gonna be us keeping them awake. Let's finish breakfast and then go find us a couple of studs we can work out. How does that sound?"

"You go ahead...just bring me back the best looking one."

I headed down the beach in the same direction we'd gone the night before. This time I was alone and my mind was just thinking a little too much. Shelli had gone off the other way with a larger group of people and now the sounds of them laughing and playing had all but disappeared against the sounds of the waves lapping at my feet. Mom would really love it here, I thought to myself as I admired the sheer beauty of the island. 

The sand beneath my feet began changing somehow and as the beach curved around to the right, I could see some large rocks at the bottom of a tall cliff. The waves were crashing against the rocks just like you see in the movies. I had to get a closer look, so I kept walking knowing I might be going too far now already. I'll only stay a while longer before turning back. 

As I began following the curve of the beach, I could see something off in the distance, closer to the rocks. I slowed down, but soon could make out something moving. Someone moving was more like it -- a man. 

I walked up from behind him so he couldn't see me coming. He had a large blanket spread out on the sand. His chair sat on one corner with an umbrella and a tripod stood on the opposite corner with a camera aimed at the rocks I was admiring. There was a basket on the floor next to his chair and a bottle of wine sitting on a little table. 

"Excuse me," I whispered as soon as I thought I was close enough for him to hear me. "Excuse me. I hope I'm not interrupting. I was just taking a walk..."

His arms moved in the chair and his fingers grabbed the armrest as he turned and saw me for the first time. He had those old sunglasses on that you don't see that often anymore. The wind was blowing his hair just right and as he slid his glasses down with one hand and stared at me walking towards him, I could feel the goose bumps on my arms. 

He stood up and took his sunglasses off as I approached him. "Not at all. I'm happy to have visitors. I take it you are part of the guests here for the week? They usually don't make it out this far."

"Yes, I am." I thought for a second that perhaps I shouldn't be alone out here with him, but as he held out his hand and I held out mine and felt his touch, that thought slipped away. "I started to head back to the group, but I saw these rocks and wanted a closer look."

"Aren't they gorgeous? You can just feel the power of the ocean as wave after wave collides with these massive rocks. I've been taking pictures all day, but mainly I am waiting for sunset to catch them on film. Its magic how everything changes when the sun goes down isn't it? Here...have a seat."

I wasn't used to such a gentleman. I sat down in the seat still warm from his body. I watched as he poured me a glass of wine and set it down next to me. He made some adjustments to his camera gear for a few minutes then turned his attention back to me. "I was about to eat something, would you care to join me?"

I smiled and nodded as I took a drink of the wine. I was not a big wine drinker, but I don't think I could have refused my new friend anything if I tried. He was older than the usual guys I hung out with, but he couldn't have been that much older than me. He moved slowly as he prepared our lunch as if he gave a lot of thought to every little thing he did. When he looked up at me and smiled with his bright blue eyes I thought I would jump on him right then, but I didn't. Instead I finished my glass and tried to think of what to do next.

"I haven't seen you around -- on the boat I mean." I thought I could start a good casual conversation as I stood and walked towards the water, hoping his eyes would follow. 

"Well, the captain is a friend of mine. He let me stay in one of the suites for free so I could come get a picture or two. I'm a freelance photographer so I tend to travel a lot looking for that perfect shot. He told me about this place and I thought it sounded perfect. You know...never mind...that would be too forward."

I took off my sarong and threw it down on the blanket next to him. "Go ahead...what were you gonna say?"

"I was just going to ask...after we eat...if you don't mind...could I take your picture? I have a few hours before sunset and you look like a model there in the water...so I just thought..."

"I'd love to." I found myself answering before he even finished asking. I couldn't believe I was standing on a beach alone with this gorgeous man and he wanted to take pictures of ME. "I've never posed for anyone before, so I may need some direction."

"I have a feeling you would look beautiful no matter how you posed. Now let's eat."

I had another glass of wine and a few of these tiny sandwiches he had prepared. I didn't know what was in them, but the way he kept his eyes on mine while we ate was driving me crazy. I had never felt this intensity with someone else before. The whole time we were eating, all I could picture in my mind was both of us tossing the food aside and jumping into each other's arms. 

With the food gone and the bottle of wine empty, I watched him prepare his camera. He took it off the tripod while I walked towards the water and wondered where exactly this was going. "Are you ready for me?" I asked in my sexiest voice. "How do you want me?"

"Just be yourself. Act natural and do whatever you feel like doing. Just be yourself and the photographs will find your beauty."

I had been myself all my life and now was the time for something new. "What if I don't want to be myself? What if I want to be someone else?"

He kept the camera clicking as he spoke. "Who would you like to be?"

I stood in the water facing the camera and thought about his last question. Here I was on a trip of a lifetime and free to do whatever I wanted. I spread my legs a little and planted them firmly in the sand. He must have liked the look in my eye 'cause the grin of his got bigger and the camera began clicking a little faster. I ran my hands down my neck and across my chest. I thought of his hands on my body as I moved my fingers over my breasts and down my belly. I squeezed my arms around my breasts as my hands moved further down until the tips of my fingers slid under my bikini bottom. 

"You look incredible," I heard him whisper as his face moved from behind the camera and stared at me. "So beautiful...by all means, keep going."

Hearing his deep voice giving me compliments like that made me want more. I turned around and spread my legs a little wider for him as I bent over. I reached back with my hands and gave my ass a gentle squeeze as I imagined his body standing behind me -- ready to take me. With my back still to him, I reached down beneath my bottom and felt how wet my pussy was. I knew he couldn't see me and the urge to touch myself was too strong to ignore. I slipped two fingers between my lips and pushed them inside my pussy slowly as I let out a short little moan.

In my mind it was his hands between my legs. I stood there for a few minutes with my eyes closed as my fingers moved back and forth inside me. I was getting a little excited and didn't even hear that the camera had stopped. I kept my eyes closed with one hand between my legs and the other now pulling my top up over my breasts.

"Let me help you with that," his voice whispered directly behind me. It startled me at first, but as soon as I felt his warm lips on my neck and his fingers sliding over my breasts, I was again completely at ease. 

I reached back and grabbed his waist and pulled his body closer to mine. I stared out into the open sea as his lips continued tasting my neck. I could feel his dick getting harder as he pushed his hips against my ass and couldn't wait to get him out of his clothes. 

"You are a gorgeous woman," he whispered in my ear as his hands enjoyed my breasts. He stepped back and pulled me back with him. I turned around and watched him walk backwards back to the blanket. He pulled his shirt off and then untied his pants. I let my bikini top fall to the ground and stepped towards him as my eyes eagerly waited for his pants to fall below his dick. 

I looked around and found we were still alone and knew we would be alone for the rest of the night. I lay down in front of him and watched him as he pulled his pants down, finally revealing his cock to me. As soon as he stepped out of his pants, I saw what a beautiful and large dick he had. I'd seen a few before, but nothing like this. He was tan from head to toe and his cock was thick and long. The first thing that popped up in my mind was that I would never be able to fit that thing in my mouth. He knelt down between my legs and reached for my bikini straps. He kept his eyes on me the whole time as he untied them and pulled them off. 

He moved up to me and held his body over mine as he kissed my lips. I lay there still almost as he moved his hips back and forth between my legs and let his cock press against my pussy. I opened my legs for him and felt the head of his cock move between my lips. "You're a good kisser," I whispered. "I can't wait to find out what else you're good at."

I was sure he was ready to slide deeper inside me, but instead he moved down my body and lay down between my legs. He grabbed my legs and pushed my knees up as he lay his face down over my pussy. I couldn't believe I was doing this out in the open like this, but it felt so incredible. I tried to watch him as he slid his tongue up and down between my lips and gently sucked on my lips. I reached down with my right hand and spread my lips and watched him lick my clit a few times. Without even realizing it, my left hand was squeezing my breasts and tugging at my nipples. My hips were thrusting upwards as he moved his tongue faster over my clit. 

"What are you doing to me?" I asked as I nearly gasped for another breath. "Get up here...fuck me...I can't take much more."

He kept his face between my legs and pressed harder against my clit. I grabbed his hair and pulled, but still he resisted and only licked my pussy faster. "Oh fuck!" I mumbled over and over again, getting louder each time, until finally he gave me what I wanted. As I closed my eyes and felt my body ready to give in to his lips and tongue, he moved over me. I opened my eyes just as he pushed his rock hard dick inside my pussy.

"That's it...harder," I moaned in his ear as he leaned down on top of me. "Fuck me faster...hurry..." I was so ready to cum and each thrust of his cock deep inside my pussy sent me closer and closer to the edge. The sun was setting and the waves were pounding the rocks nearby harder and harder, but it was the sound of my voice that echoed down the beach. "Right there...don't stop!"

I felt my fingernails dig into his back a little while I came, but he never slowed down. His body continued pressing down on my hips tighter and tighter as he fucked me harder. I held my arms around his neck and watched as his face tightened and he moved faster inside me. Each thrust seemed to make him grow harder and I wasn't sure how much longer I could last. I wrapped my legs around him and squeezed him while he breathed down on me harder. He then pulled out quickly and sat up between my legs. I reached down and grabbed his hot wet cock and squeezed it up and down as he looked down at me. A few quick strokes and soon his body shook beneath my hands and I watched his cock release all over me. 
