 Lost in the music with Derek, I lost all sense of time. It seemed like time had stopped while we were moving together, and I definitely didn't want it to start again. Unfortunately, it had to. As the current song ended, I stepped back away from Derek, looking up at him and smiling. "I think we need a break," I said, taking in the incredibly sexy image that he was. He looked hot and intense, with a few beads of sweat on his forehead and a wicked lopsided grin on his face. He grabbed my hand and led me through the crowd toward the people who weren't dancing.

He continued holding my hand even once we were out in the open, and we made our way toward the drinks. I had thought I would need alcohol to loosen me up and get close to Derek, but I hadn't even had one drink and tonight was already amazing. I decided that I would remain sober; I didn't want to forget a single second of this night. Derek got a bottle of water for himself and me and led me outside.

The cool breeze of the night felt amazing, and for a few minutes we stood in silence, enjoying the feel of the cool air. Standing with my eyes closed, I felt Derek brush a strand of hair from my face, and continue to run his fingers all the way through my hair, and down my back. I shivered and opened my eyes to find him standing directly in front of me, studying me.

He took his hand from my back and brought it to my face, running his fingers slowly from forehead down the line of my jaw, and then continuing down my neck. It felt amazing. "You're so beautiful," he said so softly I could barely hear. He looked into my eyes, asking me a silent question. I felt my breath catch in my throat as I looked up at him and watched him tilt his head and lean toward me, softly pressing his lips to mine. As his lips softly explored mine, the hand that had rested on my neck slid into my hair, urging me closer to him. I slid my hands to his back, feeling the warmth of his skin through his thin shirt. His lips felt amazing, soft and gentle against mine. I felt his tongue reach out to caress my bottom lip, and I opened up to him, allowing him entrance to my mouth. His tongue found mine, and suddenly, the softness of the kiss was gone. I was overwhelmed with my desire for him; I needed him. I took control of the kiss, lightly sucking on the tip of his tongue. I slid my fingers softly up and down his back, pulling him tight against me. We could have been kissing for an hour or two minutes, I really had no idea, but it was incredible.

Finally, we broke apart, our breath rapid and shallow. I laid my head against his shoulder. God, he smelled so good. I couldn't resist the urge to kiss his neck, and I did so softly, pressing my lips lightly along the side of his neck. He breathed in sharply and held me closer, his hands planted firmly on my lower back. Pleased with his reaction, I began to suck softly on the curve of his neck, and I slid my hands under his shirt and onto the skin of his back. I felt him shiver and he moaned softly, turning his head to give me better access. I slid my hands over the smooth skin of his back, reeling in the feel of his hard muscles, and licked and kissed the spot I had just sucked on, causing another small moan to escape his lips.

Suddenly, he held me tighter to him and guided me backward, forcing my gently against the side of the house. I looked up at him and caught his gaze, his eyes filled with the same intense lust I had seen before. He kissed me again, this time with need and force, nibbling softly on my bottom lip. I gave in to him, arching myself against him. His hands found the the bottom of my shirt and he slid them under it, finding the soft skin of my stomach. Everything he did felt incredible, and I probably would have let him fuck me right then and there if he'd tried. He pulled his lips from mine and leaned against me. I could feel his arousal once again, pressed hard again my stomach, and I could feel his heart beating hard in his chest.

He brought his lips to my ear and whispered softly, "I need you, Aurora. I need you so bad." His words sent a bolt of heat through my body, and I shivered and pressed myself tighter against him. He kissed my ear and neck, breathing hard, and I brought my hands around to the front of his body, sliding over his incredible abs. I ran my fingers slowly down his sides, and he shivered, catching his breath and stilling his kisses. "Come home with me, please," he said softly, looking into my eyes.

"Let's go," I said, taking his hand. We hurried to the car, hand in hand. God, I wanted this man so bad. Everything he did set me on fire. As soon as we were in the car, he pulled me to him and kissed me, his tongue expertly stroking mine. I had lost all thought of being shy or nervous; I needed this man. I put my hand on his leg, sliding it up his thigh, getting close, but never touching his cock. He groaned, and I continued my torture. I needed to drive him crazy. I slid one hand up the inside of his thigh and the other up the front of his shirt.

"Fuck," he groaned, breaking the kiss, but staying so close to my mouth I could feel his breath. "We have to go. Now." We sat in our own seats and I started the car.

"Wait, what about Sara?" I asked. "She's going to be worried. I need to call her or something."

"I'll call her," he said, searching for his cell phone. He told her we were headed back to the house and that everything was fine. She didn't ask any questions or anything, so I just sped back to their house.

When we reached their house, he practically jumped out and came to open my door for me, taking my hand and leading me to the house. When we reached the front door, he had to find his keys and unlock the door, and I took advantage of the situation. I stood behind him and slid my hands under the front of his shirt, making my way up his chest and over his nipples. I kissed his back while he struggled to get the key to turn, and I bit him softly, causing him moan and still for a moment. I took my hands out of his shirt and removed myself from him, and he returned to his task, more focused this time. He got the door open and quickly pulled me in, immediately shutting and locking it behind us.

He took my hand and led me quickly down the hall. When we got to the end he opened a door and pulled me inside. "My room," he muttered as he started kissing my neck. He pushed me up against the door and kissed me hard, sliding his hands up the back of my shirt. I pulled his shirt up and he lifted his arms, helping me get it over his head. I immediately started kissing his muscular chest and stroking his abs. He slid his hands down onto my ass, groaning and pulling me tight against him. He grabbed the bottom of my shirt and I allowed him to pull it over my head. He threw my shirt to the side and put his hands on my stomach, working his way up to my bra-less breasts. His large hands finally found my breasts and he moaned, taking them both into his hands and running his thumbs over my nipples. I arched my back into his touch, leaning my head back against the door and biting my lip. He moved his head down and replaced one of his hands with his mouth, sucking lightly on my small, pink nipple. I moaned and put my hands in his hair, reveling in the feel of his mouth on me. I wanted him so bad.

I pulled his face back up to mine, kissed him, and began working the button on his pants. He groaned when he realized my intentions and slid his tongue into my mouth to caress mine, his hands roaming my soft, naked skin. I got his pants undone and slid them down, along with his black boxers. He stepped out of them, standing naked in front of me. I pulled him close, but not tight against me, and slid my hands from his abs down to his hipbones and thighs, barely missing his cock on both sides. His breathing faltered and he groaned, laying his head on my shoulder. He needed this just as bad as I did, if not more. Sara had told me it had been a long time for him, I intended to make it unforgettable. I slid my fingers back up his thighs, still not quite touching his cock. "Sit on the bed," I told him, looking up at him and biting my lip.

I slid my jeans off in front of him, watching him watch me. He sat on the edge of the bed with his hands gripping the sheet on both sides of him, staring at me with eyes full of lust and need, looking absolutely incredible with his big cock hard and ready. It must have been about 8 inches long, and it was thick too, but not obscenely. Perfect. I slid my small, black thong off as well, revealing myself completely to him. His breath caught and his cock jumped. "Fuck, you're so hot," he said softly, never taking his eyes off me. "Come here."

I went to him, but when I got there I dropped down onto my knees in front of him, looking up at him and biting my lip. I had to taste his perfect cock. He groaned as I sank down in front of him, realizing my intentions. I settled between his legs and looked up at him, holding eye contact. His breathing was short and rapid, and he put his hands behind him on the bed, leaning back onto them. He really was an incredible sight with his hard body and big, hard cock. I slid my fingers up the insides of his thighs and followed with my mouth, kissing softly up the inside of leg. He took a sharp, deep breath and spread his legs a little more, giving me even better access to his cock. I kissed my way up the soft spot right beside his cock, and when I got there he started whimpering, his cock jumping with need. I knew he needed release, and I was going to give it to him. But not until he needed it a whole lot worse.

I was so horny, and I needed him to fuck me so bad, but I ignored my need and kept teasing him, determined the make this the most amazing night of his life. Our dancing, combined with the waiting from the long drive, plus the fact that he hadnt been with anyone in a long time, had been enough to set him on edge. He was extremely responsive to my touch. I sucked lghtly on the inside of his thigh and he moaned, his breathing becoming even more rapid. Finally, I wrapped my hand around the base of his cock, and he sucked in a sharp breath, shuttering at the contact. I began to stroke the base of his cock very softly, never touching the head. My pace was achingly slow, and he was whimpering, legs shaking and breathing labored. He tried to thrust his cock into my hand, but I didn't let him, instead I slowed my pace even more.

"Please," he whispered softly, watching my hand on his cock. I kept my pace slow, but I gripped him harder, and he moaned in appreciation and closed his eyes. God, his cock felt so good in my hand. I couldn't wait to have it in my mouth any longer. While his eyes were still closed, I lowered my mouth to his cock and softly licked the head, still stroking him while I did so. He took a deep, sharp breath and groaned, opening his eyes. I looked up at him, never breaking eye contact as I took the head of his cock into my mouth, caressing it with my tongue and sucking softly. "Oh, Fuck," he groaned softly, sliding one of his hands into my hair. I sucked a little harder and sped my hand up. "Oh yeah, so good," he breathed, and I felt his thigh muscles tighten and his cock harden even more. I wasn't ready for him to cum yet, so I took my mouth off his cock and slowed my hand back down, loosening my grip once again. He groaned in frustration and gently urged my head toward his cock, "Baby, please. Please," he whimpered.

I moved my hand up to the head of his cock and held it as I slowly licked the the underside of his cock all the way from top to bottom. His hand formed a fist in my hair and he arched his back. I wasn't sure how much more teasing he could take, he was shaking and groaning with need. I took his head back into my mouth and sucked softly, while my hand found his large, shaved balls, and I started to roll them gently in my hands. "Oh God," he groaned as he tried to guide my head down further onto his cock. I did what he wanted, and took his entire cock into my throat in one, smooth motion. "Oh fuck, oh yeah, keep going," he urged as I started sucking. I slid him in and out of mouth a few times, still rolling his balls, until I felt him start to tense up again, and then I let his cock slide out of my mouth and began kissing his thighs again.

"Baby, please. I can't take this anymore. Let me cum, please. I need to cum," Derek growled. His desperation turned me on so much, and I couldn't deny him anymore. I slid his cock all the way down my throat and started sucking hard, bobbing up and down on him. "Oh yeah, oh fuck yeah, don't stop, don't stop." I felt his balls tighten up and his body go tense after only about a minute of this, and I sped up, sucking harder. "Oh yeah, fuck, I'm gonna," was all the warning he got out before he exploded in my mouth, his hands gripping my head and breathing stopped. I pulled off of him a little, swallowing his cum as he shot.

I kept him in my mouth for a moment after he got off before pulling off of him and standing up. He pulled me to him, holding me tight and murmuring about how incredible I was. Pleasing him like that had turned me on, and I needed him. He seemed to know it, and he pulled me onto the bed beside him pushing me onto my back and crawling on top of me. He kissed my neck and collar bone, while his hands slid down my body, caressing my thighs. I really, really hoped that he didn't plan on teasing me, too. What I did to him bad been enough for both of us, and I needed him. I spread my legs for him, and he slid his hand along the inside of my thigh, making his way to my pussy. I moaned as he did, so turned on that I knew it wouldn't take much to get me off. His slid his hand down to my pussy, almost immediately finding my clit, rubbing it gently, and making me cry out. I spread my legs wider, gripping his back and urging him to continue. He slid his finger inside me slowly, and I groaned as I felt it fill me. "Damn, you are so wet, baby," he whispered as he slid in another finger.

He slid his fingers out and went back to work on my clit. "Yeah, right there," I breathed as he rubbed my throbbing clit in small circles expertly. He sped up as I wrapped my legs around his back, bringing me to the edge in almost no time. Right at that moment, someone started banging on the door.

"Hey, Derek, are you guys in there?" a guy's voice called out.

"Uhh, yeah, Alex, we'll be right out," he said breathlessly, never stopping his finger. I couldn't stop myself from moaning, and Derek leaned down to kiss me and cover the noise. He sped up even more, taking me over the edge. I didn't give a fuck who was there; it was incredible. I cried out into Derek's mouth, shaking with the power of my orgasm as he slowed down, lightly rubbing against my clit until I was too sensitive. He lay beside while I caught my breath, running his fingers up and down my stomch.

"Wow," I said, turning to face him. "That was amazing."

"Yes, it was. You are so damn sexy; I want you so bad." He pulled me against him and kissed me, and I felt his dick press up against me, already hard again.

Again, someone was knocking on the door. "Hey, guys, come out! We have to tell you a story!"

Derek groaned in frustration and broke the kiss, still holding me against him. "Okay, we're going to go out there for five minutes, listen to whatever they have to say, then we're going to come back in here," he said, and then lowered his voice and pulled my closer, whispering in my ear, "And then I'm going to fuck you all night long."

I shivered at his words, sensing from his tone that when that did happen, he would be in control. And I couldn't wait.