 I sat there, leaning against the bar to steady myself. Tears ran down my cheeks. I had finally gotten the call. The call that I had been waiting for. I was finally able to move far away from here. To be where I wanted to be. But the cost would be great. For five weeks I had been waiting to hear that I could go, knowing that the time would come. The day my boyfriend left, I knew I would be with him again, I just didn't know when. Then he came into my life.

As soon as John had left, I went to talk to Tammy, the lady who managed my apartment complex. We had been friends for quite a while, but with John leaving before I could, I needed a place to stay. Tammy agreed to let me live with her. I didn't see him at first, sitting on the couch, as I stood crying and telling Tammy about how I was sad that John was gone, knowing that I would see him someday soon. He just sat there, intent on watching me. Determined to have me. As he watched me standing there, vulnerable, he had difficulty containing his excitement. He wanted me, but I didn't even notice him. After I had calmed down, Tammy introduced me to Colter. He was her new "houseboy" and was there to help with handyman work around the apartments during the day. Upon meeting I nodded to him. "I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to..." my voice trailed off. 

"It's quite all right. I understand." Colter replied.

I was quite at ease and surprised. Here was a man that I had never met; yet I felt completely comfortable with him. "Hmmm... and he's kinda cute, too," I thought to myself.

"Well, I need to get Colter home. Come with me so that you can pick him up in the morning. I'm going to sleep in now that you're here," Tammy said.

We piled into Tammy's car and drove Colter home. Nothing was said on the drive and an obvious tension was building between us. We spent the next month together in a completely platonic friendship. We shared our most intimate thoughts and fantasies with each other. We sat talking for hours. And then he started to make his move. I would be standing and dusting the furniture. He would come up behind me, grab me, and suck on my ear, ever so briefly, but long enough that when he stepped back to walk away, my panties were completely soaked from the intense arousal he awakened in me. He did this occasionally for another week, until I got the call. 

After that call came in, I had to take him home. It was that time. I was excited about the prospect of moving, but consumed with feelings of regret because I hadn't truly explored what I could with Colter. He had unlocked a desire within me I had never felt with John. I didn't want to leave without experiencing Colter, even if it was only for one night. 

On the drive to his house, Colter said, "I'm going camping this weekend. I won't be back until late on Sunday," he said.

"Oh. Where are you going camping?" I asked.

"Mt. Rainier. The guys from the house and I are going to go. One of the guys has a boat. It's going to be a lot of fun."

"Will there be any girls there?" I ask out of curiosity.

"No, unless you want to come up," he said.

"Now won't I look out of place being the only girl there? And how am I supposed to get there anyway? Scott doesn't let me have his car on the weekends so Tammy's the only one with a car. I don't think she'll let me take it overnight." I replied.

"Ask her. You never know."

"Well, give me the directions. I want to come up there and spend the night with you. When Tammy gets home I'll ask if I can borrow the car or if she can bring me up there. We'll have to see. If I can get her to get me up there, can you bring me back?" I asked.

"Of course. I'll get one of the guys to drop you off. I'm sure that would be ok."

We said our goodbyes. I drove away knowing that if I go up there that I won't be able to contain myself. I'll have to have him, but that was the only opportunity that was going to present itself. On my way back to Tammy's house I picked up my plane tickets. Looking at them I knew I had one week to spend with Colter before I had to walk away completely.

When Tammy got home we discussed the camping trip. "No, you can't borrow the car and no, that's a really long way for me to go to drop you off," she said.

"Come on, Tammy. You know how much I want to do this. I'll pay for the gas, whatever you want. Can you please think about taking me up there?" I pleaded.

"Well, I'm not doing it today. If I take you, it will be tomorrow. We have a lot to do around here and with Colter gone, I really could use your help." Tammy said.

"Ok. I'll do whatever you want and then tomorrow, around 4 p.m., can you please take me up there? I really need this."

"What about John?" Tammy asked.

"What about him? He left me and I needed him here. I'm going to him and I'm going to spend the rest of my life with him. I have one week to spend with Colter and I want to do this. There's something about him. I can't walk away from him, not yet. I've got to have him first."

Tammy was silent and mulled over what I told her. "Fine. You pay for the gas and get done what I need you to get done here and I'll take you up there tomorrow." Tammy said.

I was so excited I jumped out of my seat and gave her a big hug. "You won't regret this. I promise." I said.

"You guys deserve a little fun anyway. I've seen the way you walk around each other. Sometimes the sexual tension between you guys is so thick, I can't stand to be in the room. Go, have your fling. Enjoy yourself!" Tammy replied.

The drive took forever. The anticipation made it worse. I knew exactly what I wanted to do; I just wasn't sure what he wanted. He met me at the gate to the campground. It was already dark and it would just make it easier. Tammy gave me a hug and wished me luck before I got out of the car. I stood there for a moment admiring him in the lamplight. Colter stood slightly taller than me. He had dirty blonde hair and green eyes. He wore silver rimmed glasses that gave him the air of sophistication. He was 2 years younger than I was and I didn't care. He wore a black t-shirt and his ripped jeans. A black bandana was worn on his wrist to cover the scars of his life. I approached him and he hugged me.

"I'm glad you made it." He said. "I was beginning to wonder if you were going to back out."

"I did have second thoughts, but I'm ok now. It's complicated." I said. He knew about John and our plans to get married.

"I understand. I'm still glad you came."

He took my hand and walked me down to the dock. His friend's boat was tied up under the street lamp. He got into the boat and took my hand to help me in. Then he pulled me to him and began kissing my neck. His warm breath was awakening that feeling inside me again. I knew I had to have him. As he kissed my neck, his hands wandered under my shirt, into my bra and began to play with my hard nipples. I couldn't help but moan in excitement. He sat me on the motor cover and continued to explore my body with his hands and mouth. He was sucking on my nipples, teasing them with his tongue as his hands explored the wetness in my pants. He had me straddling him, sitting on the motor cover of the boat, my large breasts exposed, completely naked. I couldn't take it anymore. I had to have him. I took my hands and explored his chest as best as I could. Every time I tried to explore him he said, "No, this is for you. My pleasure comes later." He caressed my pussy until I couldn't take it anymore. The combination of his hands and his mouth and I had to cum. I couldn't hold it in anymore. I started to cum and he moved his mouth to my pussy. He sucked in as much of my juices as he could. 

"You taste great," he said. 

I was speechless from the pleasure that was wracking throughout my body. With every tickle, with every lick, I came. I couldn't stop.

"My turn," he said.

As he was sucking my hot pussy he had taken off his pants. He was hard and ready for me. He looked at me and began to forcefully kiss me. I was so aroused, still. He took his long hard cock and thrust it inside me. I moaned. He continued to kiss me, hard on the lips and then lightly on my neck. He instinctively knew what turned me on. He continued to move his cock inside me. Slowly at first, then with increasing urgency. He grabbed my ass and pulled me to him so that he could penetrate me completely and when he did, I came. I couldn't stop cumming. The orgasms came in waves. I wasn't finished with one before the next one started. His body began to tremble and he pushed harder. He came inside me. His warm, hot juices mixing with mine. We stayed like that for a moment. Together, as together as we had always wanted.

"Wow," I said.

"Oh yeah, and that's just the beginning," he sighed.