 After we got out of the boat we headed back to where the tents were set up. The other guys from the house were sitting at a picnic table playing cards. Colter introduced to me to them and we sat down to watch them play. We sat there, fondling each other under the table. He had his hand rubbing my pussy through my jeans as I rubbed his hard cock. I could feel that he was excited and wanted me as much as I wanted him.

“Hmmm… I’m tired. It was nice meeting you all, but I’ve really got to get some sleep. I’ve worked really hard today since Colter wasn’t around.” I said as I dramatically stretched my arms.

“I bet you are tired,” Colter teased. “Guys, I think I’m going to go to bed, too. See you in the morning.”

The guys said their good nights and laughed. They knew we were going to bed and they also knew that we weren’t going to sleep.

Colter carefully led me into the tent, which wasn’t far from the picnic table. A cozy two-man pop-up tent. I could see the silhouettes of the guys as they continued to play cards by kerosene lantern. I was extremely aroused at the thought of having them that close as Colter and I were having sex.

“Sorry about the tight quarters,” Colter said.

“It’s just fine.” I answered. “As long as there’s enough room for you to lay down, then I’ll be just fine.”

“Oh really?” Colter teased. “We’ll just have to see about that.”

Colter attempted to push me over and lay on top of me. Completely clothed I could still feel his rock hard cock waiting for me. I was extremely uncomfortable myself with the arousal that had started the moment he had gently rubbed my pants at the table.


I lay there as he kissed my neck and pinched my nipples through my shirt. I wanted him to touch my bare skin, but he enjoyed my squirming. He wanted to take his time. He knew it wasn’t going to last. After all, we only had a week. I began to moan from the arousal that was building inside me. 

I ran my hands under his t-shirt and began to play with his nipples. He moaned. I lifted his shirt over his head and put my mouth on his nipples. He moaned some more. It was my turn. I pushed him onto his back and continued to play with his nipples, my hard tongue teasing them back and forth. My hand reached down to his cock. It was throbbing. I could tell that he wanted me. 

I gently released his cock from his jeans. When I finally got my hand around his cock, he moaned again. I began by gently stroking it as I continued to play with his nipples. He seemed to get harder with every stroke. As he grew harder, my arousal grew more intense. I wanted to suck his cock. I wanted to taste him, like he had tasted me on the boat. I turned around and took his cock into my mouth. He moaned again. I gently took it all in, deep into my throat. I began to suck and move over his cock rhythmically. I sucked his cock and played with his balls. I gently stroked them and would occasionally stop sucking his cock so that I could lick his balls. He moaned again. 

As I did this, he managed to wriggle my pants off of me. I still had my panties on and he began to stroke my clit with his finger through the panties. As I sucked his cock and ran my tongue teasingly over the end of it, he slipped his finger in the side of my panties and gently rubbed my clit. I wanted him to touch me so badly that I came right away. I continued to stroke and suck his cock and pulled my pussy to his face. He ripped off my panties and pulled me down on top of him. My juices dripped onto his face. He began to lick and suck my pussy as I continued to suck his cock. He was growing closer to climax as I was, too. As I was peaking to orgasm I could feel his hard cock tremble and my mouth filled with his hot cum. The second his juices filled my mouth I shook with an orgasm of my own. I sucked and swallowed as he shook from his orgasm. He sucked and swallowed as I trembled from mine. 

Once we finished our orgasms, I turned around and lay beside him. The tent was hot and sweaty. We lay there naked and shivering from our passion. He had his arms around me and we fell asleep. 

Sometime in the darkness, we had grown cold. He woke up and pulled a blanket over us. As he did this, he saw my sleeping, naked body lying there. I woke up as he was licking my pussy. Apparently, he wanted more. He had his face buried in my pussy and his hands were caressing my hard nipples. I arched and moaned in pleasure. I couldn’t take it anymore. I wanted to feel his cock inside me.

“Oh, Colter, don’t stop,” I whispered. “God, the things you do to me.”

He continued to lick my pussy and occasionally ran circles around my clit with his tongue. It was too much to bear. I had to have him.

“Oh, Colter,” I said. “I want you inside me. I want you to fuck me!”

Colter shook his head, “Not yet. I won’t fuck you until you cum.”

“Oh, Colter, please,” I begged. “I won’t cum until you fuck me!”

“Nope, I’m not going to fuck you until you cum. You can try to hold out, but you won’t be able to.” He said. Colter continued to lick my clit and stuck his fingers inside me. I could feel myself beginning to cum, but I held it off. He continued to finger me from the inside, first one finger, then two, then three. I had to have him.

“Oh, Colter. I can’t stand it anymore. I need to cum. Fuck me!”

“I will fuck you… as soon as you as you cum,” Colter answered.

I couldn’t take it anymore. His tongue, his fingers, his breath on my pussy. It was all making me dizzy. I had to cum. And as I did, he lifted up and rammed his hard cock inside me. I trembled and shook from my orgasm as he continued to thrust himself in me. He kept thrusting, harder and harder, faster and faster.

“Do you like it when I fuck you?” Colter asked.

“Oh, yeah. I like it when you fuck me,” I answered.

“Are you sure you don’t want me to stop?” He asked as he pulled out of me. He chuckled.

“Don’t you dare stop! I want you to fuck me until we both cum. I want to feel you ramming your hard cock…” That’s all I could say because at that moment, he thrust himself deep inside me again. I instantly came. I shook and shook. I couldn’t stop cumming. Every move he made started another wave in my body.

“Is that what you like? Do you like to cum over and over?” Colter teased. I was too wrapped up in the pleasure he was creating to answer. He leaned over and sucked my ear lobe. I was still cumming. I couldn’t stop.

“Oh my God!” I screamed. “Oh, Colter. Fuck me and cum with me!”

He fulfilled my request and began to shake with his orgasm, thrusting even deeper than he had before. He held himself there, deep inside me as I could feel his cock throb as his juices were released. Afterward he held me and nuzzled his face into my neck.

“Colter, what are we going to do?” I asked.

“What do you mean?” Colter replied.

“I’m supposed to be getting married. I leave on Friday.” I answered.

“That’s still a long way away.” Colter said.

“Not as long as you think. Besides, you work for Tammy and live in a home where I can’t be at night.” I said.

“We’ll work it out. I’m not ready to stop this, yet.” 

“But it will end,” I said sadly.

“Not yet,” Colter replied.