 Each day accelerated toward my leaving and my impending marriage. It was difficult to focus. Colter was my world now. In a whirlwind of one week he had become an integral part of my life. Of course, I have to be realistic and admit it didn’t happen in a week. It had been building for a long time between us; it just wasn’t until that last week that I was willing to risk it all… just to spend one night with him. One night that turned into a week.

Sunday I rode back to Tammy’s house with the guys. They made insinuations about the night that Colter and I had spent on the boat and in his tent. I laughed like a schoolgirl. Embarrassment was not a feeling I was going to experience. Besides, I knew that I wouldn’t see these guys again and soon I’d be on the other side of the world.

We were both very busy with work around the apartments, so we stole kisses, gropes and looks whenever possible. I was leaving on Friday, so we made plans to spend Thursday night together. After work we went to dinner and then to the Naval Base. I knew it was an hour away, but I wanted to show him that place before I left. It was very special to me, just like he had become.

“I love the water. It’s always brought me peace. I had to show this place to you. It’s special to me, like you are now. Roll the windows down,” I said. “Smell the sea air. Isn’t it the most wonderful smell in the world?”

Colter took in a deep breath. “Yes, it is.”

“Just think, tomorrow, I’ll leave to a place where I can smell the salt air every day.” I said. 

“That’s tomorrow, though. Let’s concentrate on tonight.” Colter said. He reached over, kissed my lips and began to caress my nipple through my shirt. My nipple was instantly at attention from his touch. His hands began to wander and I moaned as he rubbed my pussy through my jeans.

“Let’s go home,” Colter suggested. “I don’t want to do this here.”

Without another word, I complied. I drove the hour back to the house as best as I could as he continued to tease me through my clothes. Of course, the drive home was a lot quicker than the drive there. We snuck into the front door of Tammy’s apartment. She had already made arrangements with Colter for us to use her room that night. I had been sleeping on the couch and I was glad to have a large bed to share with him. He took my hand and led me to the bedroom. Once in the room, he took me in his arms and began kissing me intensely. I was so aroused I was about to cum just from his presence. 

“Lay down,” Colter commanded.

I lay down on the bed. Colter slowly, methodically undressed me. As he removed an item of clothing, he kissed the newly exposed body part. The nape of my neck, the curve of my arm, my ankles, the dip between my breasts, the curve of my hip. I no longer had a will of my own. I was completely at his mercy.

“Wait here. I’ll be right back,” Colter said. He got up and went into the other room. It felt like he was gone forever. 

When he returned, he lit the candles that were placed throughout the room, on the dresser, on the desk, and on one of the nightstands. I lay still and watched his every move. He had things in his hands, but I wouldn’t make out what they were. He was still dressed, but I could see the shadow of his manliness bulging in his pants. He wanted me, too.

“Do you trust me?” Colter asked.

“What kind of question is that?” I teased.

“Do you trust me?” Colter asked again, more firmly than the first time.

“Well, yes, I guess I do,” I responded.

“Then close your eyes,” Colter said.

I was nervous, but gave in to his whim. He put a blindfold over my eyes. I was completely unaware of his next move. I tensed up.

“I thought you said you trusted me,” Colter teased.

“I do. I’ve just never been blindfolded before,” I answered.

“I know. Trust me, you’ll really enjoy this,” Colter said. He began caressing my breasts again. First with his hands; then with his mouth. As he touched me, the tension inside drained from my body. He pulled himself over me. His mouth on my breasts; his hands on my hands. Then he gently tied my hands over my head and to the bed. I had to completely trust him now.

“You said you always wanted to be tied up. Let’s see how much you like it,” Colter breathed in my ear. 

I could hear him fiddling with something on the nightstand. The next sensation I felt was hot wax dripping onto my breasts with a cold ice cube following the same path across my chest. The hot cold sensations made me very wet and ache for attention. Colter noticed and ran the ice cube down to my clit. He began to tease my hot pussy with the cold ice. The ice melted quickly and he pushed his chilled fingers inside me. I began to turn and twist in pleasure. He abandoned my pussy for another ice cube and candle to repeat his earlier movements. My head was spinning from all the sensations. I couldn’t hold in my excitement for long. On the third time around with the ice cube and his cold fingers I came. My body wracked from the orgasm he had awaken deep inside of me.

“Oh, you like that?” Colter teased.

“Oh yes. I like that,” I replied.

“Good, there’s more where that came from,” Colter said. Then he was moving around to the end of the bed. He began to gently caress my legs. He ran his fingers up my legs, gently, teasing. He brushed across my inner thigh with his hands, and then his mouth. I was on fire and ready for whatever he wanted to do with me. He began to play with my clit. Gently with his fingers, as he kissed my thighs and the sensitive spot where my legs bend. He moved his hot breath over my pussy. I began writhing in excitement. I could feel him breathing on my pussy and I wanted him to touch me. He bent his head ad flicked his tongue over my clit.

“Oh,” I moaned in response. I was still blindfolded so I had no idea what he was planning on doing to me. I wanted to pull his head closer to my pussy, but my hands were still secured safely above my head.

Colter leaned in and began licking gently at my pussy. He penetrated me with his tongue and drank in as much of my juices as he could. He teased my clit as his fingers slid in and out of me. For one finger, then two, then three. I wanted more than his fingers, though. The combination of his tongue on my clit and his fingers working inside me and I came again. This time, however, there were waves of orgasms. My body lifted and spasmed as the pleasure ran through my body.

“Oh, Colter!” I screamed. “I need more of you. I want to feel you inside me.”

“Not until I know you’re ready for me,” Colter said.

“I’m ready, believe me, I’m ready,” I pleaded.

Colter got up from the bed and I could hear him undressing. He slid onto the bed and lay beside me. He must have just lain there gazing at me for a few minutes because there was no movement from him, only the sound of his breathing nearby. He reached up, untied my hands and lifted my blindfold.

“I want you to know what I’m going to do to you now. I want you to enjoy our passion and look at me,” Colter said. His gaze was frighteningly intense. There was something else there, something more than just raw desire: emotion.

I continued to lie there and gazed back at him. He was lying on his side next to me, naked. He was rock hard and obviously wanted me as much as I had wanted him. I reached down and began to caress his cock. It was throbbing and warm in my hand. He moaned in approval. He didn’t let me caress him long.

“Mmmm. I want you. I want to feel your warm pussy wrapped around me. I want to be inside you as far as I can go. I want to be one with you,” Colter said.

He got on top of me and slid inside me, swiftly and deeply. He looked deep in my eyes. The intensity of his gaze made me nervous. What was I doing? He was falling in love with me … and what about John? At that moment, I didn’t care. John had left me. Colter had picked up the pieces. I wanted to be with him, too.

We moved together. Our pace picked up as we looked into each other’s eyes and our passion intensified. Soon we were both cumming and experiencing the emotions flow from one to the other. My eyes rolled back into my head. I couldn’t take it anymore. I had to succumb to the orgasm. As I continued to orgasm, Colter slipped out of me and began to suck on the mixture of our juices. I continued to cum in his mouth and he continued to drink every drop. My juice, as well as the seed he had left inside of me. I moaned from the pleasure. When my body finally stopped shaking, he leaned up and kissed me. 

“It’s late. You need a nap. You’ll have to get up soon to leave,” Colter said.

The reality of it all hit me. I didn’t want to go. I lay there in his arms and cried. 

“Shhhh. Get some sleep,” Colter said.

I didn’t want to leave him. I had never connected with John like I just had with Colter, but I had no choice. I had to see it through.

The ending is a blur of trampled suitcases and twisted naked bodies.

“You can’t leave me here,” Colter pleaded.

“I can’t stay. You know that. I need to go,” I replied.

Colter took me in his arms and held me. The feel of his arms around me and I began to cry.

“This isn’t over,” Colter said.

“But it has to be,” I answered.

“I won’t let you go. We’ll be together. I promise.”

“Don’t make promises you know you can’t keep,” I pleaded as tears began to flow down my cheeks.

“I can keep that promise.” Colter kissed me softly on the lips and loaded my luggage in the car. That was the last time I laid my eyes on him. We kept in touch over the phone for a few months… and then he disappeared.