 David had been gone for two weeks when my parents decided to come to town for a visit. They stayed in town for 4 days. I spent some time showing them around town and introduced them to my friend Amy. Amy knew they were pretty conservative and religious so she had promised to be on her best behavior when they were around.

Amy played the sweet, innocent girl routine like a champ. She had my mother completely fooled. Although Amy played it too well I think because she agreed with my mother too often when my mother would pester me about being single. 

Every time my mother visited me, she would always ask why I didn't have a good, wholesome boyfriend. I kept coming back with the excuse that I wanted to concentrate on my studies instead, but she told me it was important that I settle down one day. After they left, I told Amy that I needed a spa day to unwind because my mother had me so stressed out. 

That Saturday, we spent morning having a mud bath, a massage, and getting a mani-pedi. We also decided we needed some new outfits and finished off the afternoon with a bit of shopping. We passed by a shoe store in the mall which had some sexy high heels in the window. Amy stopped to look at them then told me she wanted to see what I looked like in them.

We walked in the door and the girl behind the counter welcomes us in and asks if she could help. I look over that way and Amy is already walking towards her. She was beautiful. She had long red hair, brown eyes, an athletic looking body with what seemed to be perky C cup breasts. I thought I had seen her somewhere before, but I couldn't remember where. The name tag on her shirt said 'Brittany'. Amy walked over to her, pointed to me and said, "My friend over there would like to try on those black 'fuck me' shoes you have in the window".

I quickly turned red and shouted, "Amy! Stop that!"

Amy said, "What?"

Both Amy and Brittany both started laughing. After Brittany stopped laughing she asked me my size and then said, "Sure. One moment. Have a seat and I'll go get them."

Amy and I sat down on the bench. I looked over at Amy said, "I can't take you anywhere."

Amy just snickered then busted out laughing again. She said, "The look on your face was worth it."

Brittany came back out with the shoe box and knelt down in front of me. I took off my shoes and she seemed to be staring at my feet while she opened the box. She pulled out on of the shoes and slowly put one on me. She asked me how it felt, and I told her it was okay. She slipped the other one on and asked me to walk around.

The heels were a little taller than I was used to wearing so it took a couple seconds to adjust. As I walked around the room Amy gave me a thumbs up and said they looked hot. Brittany nodded her head in agreement and said they looked really good on me. What a predicament. Two sexy women telling me I looked good in them. It was a conspiracy. I had to buy them.

I told Brittany to box them up for me. I sat back down and she proceeded to remove them. She took them off slower than I really expected. As she was taking off the last one, she brushed the bottom of my foot with her fingers and it tickled. I let out a giggle and said, "Oh that tickles!"

Amy was laughing and I thought I saw Brittany blushing as she apologized and said it wasn't intentional. As Brittany was putting the shoes away, she looked at me and said, "I hope you don't mind me saying this, but you have really pretty feet."

I smiled and said, "Well thank you. We got mani-pedis earlier this morning. You know, you look familiar to me. Have we met before? Maybe on campus or something?"

Brittany looked at us both and said, "Well I am studying to be a veterinarian, and you may have seen me on campus walking around. But actually I saw you a couple weeks ago at the gym on Tuesday morning. I used to go Monday nights to workout after class with my boyfriend. But we broke up recently so I needed to change my routine a bit."

I said, "Yeah. That must be where I saw you. I go on Tuesday mornings usually before class. This week I didn't go though because my parents were in town."

Brittany said, "I see. Well let's get these taken care of so you can be on your way."

She got up and we followed her to the counter. We talked for a bit while I was paying for the shoes and I told her maybe I would see her at the gym sometime. Then Amy and I left. As soon as we walked out the door, Amy nudged me and said, "She was totally into you. You know that, right?"

I said, "You think so? I don't know. I think she was just being nice."

Amy said, "Yeah, whatever 'Miss Pretty Feet'. But you did look sexy in those shoes."

We continued shopping and Amy ended up getting a new dress while I got a new blouse and sexy skirt to go with my new shoes. We decided after a day like today we should stay in that night and watch movies. After dinner, we changed into our pajamas and snuggled up on the couch to watch a movie.

It didn't take long for things to get heated as we couldn't keep our hands off of each other. She was laying in front of me and running her hand up and down my thigh while I massaged her breasts from behind. She asked me if I missed her boyfriend David being there. I told her I really liked his big cock, how he fucked me, and stretched my pussy and how he smelled. I told her I wished I could suck him as good as she did, but I preferred playing with her.

She turned back towards me and smiled. She told me she missed him too, but she also liked playing with me. We kissed deeply while touching each other and again I could feel the tingling like electricity was bouncing all over my body while touching her lips.

Amy stood up and stripped off her pajamas. She said we should take this to the bedroom and helped me up off the couch. As soon as I got up, I removed my pajamas too and left them crumpled on the floor. Amy looked at my body intensely then she leaned forward and kissed and sucked on my nipples before taking me by the hand and guiding me to the bedroom.

We laid on the bed, side by side, admiring and touching each other all over. She looked at me and asked, "Can you keep a secret?"

I said, "Of course I can."

She said, "Even from David?"

I was a little puzzled, but I said, "Yes. What is it?"

Amy smiled and said, "Well, he tends to get jealous sometimes so he can't know about this."

I said, "I promise I won't tell him."

She had a sly grin on her face and then she got up from the bed. I watched her as she walked to her closet and opened the door. She then pulled a chair over, stood on it in front of the closet trying to reach a plastic tub full of clothes on the shelf. She put the tub on the chair and opened it.

I watched her pull a few sweaters out and toss them on the floor. Then I saw her pull out the biggest dildo I had ever seen in my life. It was massive. All I could say was, "Holy fucking shit Amy! You have got to be joking! How big is that?!?"

She started laughing hysterically, and waved it around in front of her like she had a penis. She said, "It's twelve inches. Like it? It's called a John Holmes dildo. I bought it out of that catalog I showed you."

My jaw was wide open. I said, "That thing is ridiculous. There is no way in hell that would go in my pussy."

She tossed it on the bed beside me. Then she laid down on the bed with it between us. She held it in her hands and was stroking it. She told me David would be pissed off if he ever saw it. She took my hand and put it on the dildo and told me to feel it.  

It felt soft on the outside, almost like skin but not quite the same. I couldn't get my fingers around it at all and it felt heavy. She circled her finger around the head of it, looked right at me and said, "I can take it."

All I could say was, "Show me."

She got up and brought the chair she was standing on over by the bed. She licked the suction cup on the bottom of the dildo and stuck it to the chair. I couldn't help but begin to touch my breasts and squeeze them waiting for her to give me a show.

She pulled out a bottle of lube from her top drawer and squeezed it over the top of the toy. She rubbed it all over and it glistened in the light. I could see the lube dripping down onto the chair. She stroked it a few times with one hand while pinching her own nipples with the other.

She stood over the top of it while facing me. She looked at me and bit her lower lip while she watched me touching myself. I watched her rub the giant head of that massive dildo between her pussy lips. Then I stared in disbelief as she slowly began to lower herself onto it. Her eyes were shut and she let out a moan as the head slowly disappeared inside her.

About every inch or so, she would raise back up then go down a little further. She only had about an inch to go when she looked at me and told me that's as far as it would go. She then raised herself all the way up and I had to finger myself as I watched her pussy clinging to it as if she didn't want it to come out.

She started riding it while moaning and squeezing her breasts. I positioned myself in front of her so that she could see my pussy while I fingered myself. Her pussy was so wet, it was literally making a puddle on the chair while she was bouncing up and down on it. She let out a yell and I knew she was close.

Then she made a sound I hadn't heard her make before. It seemed to come from deep within and gradually got louder. It went from a dull moan to an all out scream telling me, no, the world that she was cumming. It looked like she went into convulsions and her entire body was shaking. I couldn't believe what I was seeing. The entire seat of the chair was soaked and her pussy was gushing all around the monster dildo in her pussy. I couldn't contain my own orgasm while watching hers, and I came right along with her.

She stayed there for just a moment, gathered her thoughts, then raised up off of it. Her pussy was still dripping when it finally came all the way out of her. Her legs were shaking and she had the biggest grin on her face. I told her that was absolutely amazing and she was my new hero for being able to take that thing.

She laughed, pulled the dildo off the chair and it made a pop as the suction cup released, then turned to look at me, raised her eyebrows and said, "Your turn."

I told her there was no way I could take that. She told me to relax and that everything was okay, She said that since I was able to take David's cock now then I should be able to take this with some lube. After watching her take it and seeing how she came on it, I was so curious. But I was also afraid.

She laid down next to me, looked me in the eyes and told me I was going to love it. She told me to get on all fours and I did as she asked. I told her to go slow. She positioned herself behind me and I leaned forward while sticking my ass in the air. I reached behind myself and pulled my ass cheeks apart while waiting for her to start. 

I heard her squeezing the bottle of lube then I felt her take the shaft of the dildo and slide it between my butt cheeks, then draw it down across my pussy. I felt the head at the opening. She told me she was going to go slow. She rubbed it between my lips then slowly twisted it back and forth trying to gently work it inside.

I felt it begin to stretch me wide and it started to hurt. I asked her to wait, but she just told me to relax and kept going. I relaxed as best as I could and then I could feel the massive head just barely slip inside. I felt like I was pinned and couldn't move. My pussy was so stretched that if I tried to squeeze at all then it hurt.

As she continued inching it in inside me, I had to let out a small scream into a pillow. At this point, she told me it was about halfway in me and just left it in that position for about a minute or so. I told her it felt like I was going to be split in two. She assured me that wasn't going to happen and then slowly started pulling it back out of me.

When she pulled it all the way out, I was both relieved and disappointed at the same time. I actually missed that full feeling and couldn't believe that I kinda wanted it back in me. Then I felt the head begin to part my lips again. With my face buried in a pillow and my ass in the air, I whispered to myself, "Oh yesss."

It wasn't long and she had it halfway in me again and was pushing it even further. I was grunting and moaning while pushing back on it. I wanted that damn thing in me. I grabbed handfuls of the sheets and squeezed them. I turned my face out of the pillow so Amy could hear me say, "Amy. Fuck me."

She started going a little faster now and I could feel it going even deeper. It felt like the damn thing was in my throat. She brought it all the way out then back in again. Each time it got easier and easier. It wasn't long and I could feel myself getting close. But this was different somehow. I felt something building deep inside me. It felt so damn good and I tried to concentrate on it. Then that feeling started boiling over and I could no longer control my own body.

I was cumming hard. My hands were shaking. My toes curled and my calves tightened. I was screaming at the top of my lungs into the pillow in front of me. I was even biting it as my whole body shook, and my eyes rolled back in my head. Amy pulled it out of me and I heard her say, "Damn baby, that was a good one."

I stayed there for a moment trying to catch my breath. I was still on all fours and I supported myself on my elbows then looked back at her. I had the biggest grin on my face and couldn't stop smiling. She was staring at the bed between my legs. I looked down and saw the bed was completely soaked and my pussy was dripping. I didn't realize I came that much. My thighs were still twitching as I turned to lay on my side.

She crawled up beside me and kissed me. We collapsed there together and fell asleep. The next morning she explained to me that she didn't use that dildo very often. She told me that it was what she used to scratch that deep itch now and then. 

I now know exactly what she meant by that. She told me that cumming like that and gushing everywhere was called squirting, and the only way she has been able to do it was by using that dildo. Just when I thought I knew a lot, she teaches me something new about myself. 

Tuesday morning came around and I was at the gym jogging on the treadmill when I heard a sexy voice say, "hello" next to me. I turned and was surprised to see Brittany standing there in a pair of shorts and a t-shirt. She got on the treadmill next to me and started using it. Apparently she was there before me using one of the leg machines, but I didn't notice.

We talked for awhile and got to know each other. I found out her family didn't live too far out of town and they owned a horse ranch. One of her favorite things to do was go for a horseback ride on the weekends and she invited me to go with her. I explained that I hadn't been horseback riding since I was in junior high school, but it sounded like fun and I might take her up on that one weekend.

Over the next few weeks, it was the same routine with Amy and I. We could hardly keep our hands off each other at times, but we still managed to find that balance between studying and play time. I also saw Brittany often at the gym and we had some good conversation ourselves. One time though, I noticed something a little peculiar about Brittany. 

As I was getting out of the shower in the locker room, I saw she was also in there by the locker where I had my clothes getting ready to take a shower. I watched her undress and couldn't help but get aroused at how sexy she looked. She seemed to look around to see if anyone was there, but didn't notice me. 

I watched as she slowly opened my locker and pulled out my panties. She looked around again and then put my panties to her nose and smelled them. I was totally shocked. She was a perverted little pantie sniffer! She put my panties back, shut the door, then wrapped a towel around herself.

I knew she was heading into the shower area so I quietly back in the shower quickly and pretended to be just finishing up as I walked out with my towel around me while she was entering. She looked at me and had a big smile on her face. She told me to have a nice day and that she hoped to see me again next week.

I smiled back, told her I would see her later, then got dressed while thinking about what I saw. I decided not to tell Amy because I thought she would try to make something happen. To be honest, if something were to happen, I kind of wanted Brittany to myself. I was going to keep quiet about it and just let things play out. I wasn't sure if it was just a one time thing, or maybe she had done this before and I never noticed until now.

The next couple times at the gym, the same thing happened. She always seemed to wait until I was in the shower and nobody else was in the locker room before she got undressed. She tried to get as close as she could to my locker. She would look around to make sure nobody was near or watching, then she would pull my panties out and smell them prior to taking a shower herself. I still wasn't sure what to do about that yet.

Later, Amy called me and let me know David was coming back in town. I was actually excited about him coming back to be honest. I was hoping to get the opportunity to have sex with him again if possible.

The first week he was back, I left them alone so they could catch up and have some privacy. In class on Friday, Amy asked me out to dinner with them and said that they had some exciting news to talk about with me. Of course I agreed to go out with them, besides it would give me an opportunity to show off my new 'Fuck me' heels.

When I got back to my apartment, I took my time getting ready. I tried to look as sexy as I could. I put on my new blouse, and a short skirt along with my heels. My hair and makeup were perfect and I stared at myself in the mirror for awhile making sure everything was just right before heading over to Amy's.

When I got there, Amy opened the door and she was also wearing a skirt, heels, and had a very low cut blouse showing off her cleavage. She looked at me, pulled me inside and closed the door. She grabbed me and kissed me while squeezing my ass and then told me I looked hot. I told her she was hot too and kissed her back before following her into the apartment. Her apartment had that familiar musky smell to it and I knew they had been having sex.

David walked out of the bathroom and saw us both waiting for him. He started walking towards us, told us both we looked amazing and asked if we were ready to go. As he was coming towards us, I couldn't help my eyes shifting between looking at him and his crotch. I tried my best not to look there, but it was difficult since I knew what he was hiding under there.

I think Amy saw me looking because she said, "Yeah, I think we are about ready. Come here baby."

Then she took him by the hand and sort of pushed him up against the wall and started kissing him. She stepped to the side a little, and while still kissing him, she had one hand on his neck. Her other hand was on his chest and then slid down to his pants. She unbuttoned them with one hand and pulled down his zipper.

She then reached back to me, grabbed my hand and pulled me over in front of him. She reached up, put her hand on my shoulder and put some pressure on me as if she was pushing down. I knew what she wanted me to do, and I was all too happy to do it.

I lifted my skirt up to my hips, dropped to my knees in front of him and and started pulling his pants and boxers down to his ankles while she was still kissing him. Almost immediately I could smell the strong, musky scent of his huge cock and it felt like it put me in a trance. I had missed that smell a lot.
