 He was shy, so she remained reserved in the bedroom. Her one fantasy was that they would try something new, exciting and wild. She wanted to test the limits...maybe some day.

He took me by surprise as he slipped a blindfold over my eyes. Then he cuffed my hands and ankles spread eagle to the bed and left the room. My mind was reeling, I couldn't figure him out, this was totally unexpected and exciting too. I heard him walk toward the kitchen and the refrigerator door opening and closing. Soon I felt the bed shift as he sat down. "Are you prepared to be as bad as you have been fantasizing about" he asked me. "yes, I think so" I replied timidly. "Then it's time for you to become totally submissive to me, I am now the boss of you and your body and everything that happens tonight, do you understand?" again, I replied "yes" a little breathlessly because the excitement and a little trepidation was taking my breath away. 

Before I even got the yes past my lips, I felt something soft caressing my body very slowly. I am sure it was a feather...but then there was a shock of coldness between my legs, pressing toward the warmth of my already hot and waiting pussy. "It's just a little ice, don't be alarmed, I just need to cool you down for a night you will never forget" whispered. While it was so cold I thought my clit would freeze, it was also so incredibly erotic that I thought I was most certainly melting it with the heat of my longing. 

"Open your mouth" he commanded me. I did and he filled it with whipped cream, french vanilla flavored and then put the tip of his cock inside my parted lips and I began to swirl my tongue around his throbbing head through the whipped cream. But before I was allowed to take him completely into my mouth, he pulled away and told me that was just a small taste of what I was in store for this evening. I shuddered wondering what more could happen that would excite me as much or more than I already was. 

I didn't have to wait long though before I felt leather licking me, softly at first and then with growing intensity to the point of stinging my flesh. But he was also fastening weighted nipple clamps on me and that was tremendously erotic and I wasn't sure if I could hold my first orgasm back. Oh how I wanted to look into his eyes, see what he was thinking, look around and see what else he had in store for me...but the blindfold remained in place, he wasn't ready for me to know what he had planned. 

I heard it before I felt it...new batteries in the vibrator made it a lot more powerful even on a low setting. Gently circling my clit with the tip of the vibrator, he was also licking my neck and taking nibbles every now and again. I was close to orgasm, oh so close and he knew it. He laughed softly and told me to slow down, take it easy, lay back and relax, this was going to be a wild ride. With that he plunged the pulsating vibrator deep into my waiting pussy and started sucking on the tips of my nipples that were being pinched in the nipple clamps. The pleasure was so out of this world, I had never experienced anything like it before. 

In and out, around and around, the vibrations were making me weak. His thumb provided extra pressure on my clit and about sent me through the ceiling. Then slowly, his fingers found their way to my ass...just a little pressure, not any probing, but it was ecstasy. His tongue then came to my mouth and sought mine as if we were playing tag, his hot breath on my neck as he slowly worked his way down...Oh I couldn't hardly stand it anymore. "I want you to fuck me" I begged as he began tracing my stomach with his tongue. "I told you once, I am in charge tonight, you are submissive to me!" All my begging and pleading just got me into a little bit of trouble as the whip bit into my soft flesh. I cried out a little in pain, but it also felt so wonderful. 

His tongue was beginning to circle my clit, working it's way in and out of my parted lips between my legs, his fingers slid inside of me one by one until he had his whole fist inside my cunt. Sucking hard now on my clit, his fist was working my like a large cock harder and faster, deeper and deeper. I was crying in pleasure, I wanted him to stop ... no I wanted more so much more. His other hand was caressing my ass and his fingers were searching for entry. OH YES! I thought as they found their way inside. The feeling was more than I could take and I couldn't hold back any longer and flooded his face with my own hot love juices. 

Then he reached up and took my blindfold off and began to kiss me. The fire in his eyes was amazingly clear and I could taste myself on his lips. I wanted him inside of me, I wanted his cock to dance long and hard in my pussy. I didn't have to wait long, he took me swiftly, his throbbing manhood pressed to me and he entered me hard. His thrusts were fast and furious, apparently it had been too erotic for him to keep up with the slow pace, but that was ok by me, I just wanted to be fucked really hard over and over and over again. 

His orgasm was monumental, he never had cum so violently. He collapsed on top of me and held me tight. My pussy walls were clenching him in orgasmic spasms and it aroused him even more. He unlocked my handcuffs and my ankles and flipped me over and took me again, this time in my ass. The orgasm didn't take long, it was fast and hard, painful and amazing all at the same time. 

The night was young and the weekend had just begun.