 I was working as a security guard. I had just been accepted into the naval flight training school and my class would commence one week from today. While waiting for the class, I needed to earn some money so for the six months previous, I was a security guard. Let me tell you, anybody who has done this type of work will tell you that they have seen people at their worst and their craziest.

My last assignment was in a parking garage. I had been doing this particular job for about three months and it is really a no-brainer. Being that it was winter in Detroit, the hardest part of the job was keeping warm. We had a nice warm office but the job required me to spend most of my time watching the teller’s booths and walking the ramps and parking levels.

It was my last day and I planned to play for the next week. Tonight, I had to train the new guy, Tom. He seemed bright enough and was catching on quickly. Maybe I could get out a bit early and party. As I was contemplating this possibility, two women came into the office and asked for help. Their car had a flat tire. I offered to call AAA for them but they said that they didn’t subscribe to the service and had little money to pay a tow truck. 

This wasn’t surprising since they appeared to be about 18 or 19 years old and looked dressed to party. They were wearing large coats which covered them to their ankle but I could see their shapely ankle and high heeled shoes. In the winter in Detroit, women don’t dress like this unless they are going out and partying. The smart ones wear boots and carry their shoes.

Tom offered to change the tire for them but I told him no. We are expressly forbidden from performing this type of duty. It has to do with insurance and making sure we are alert to our responsibilities. With tonight’s partying out of my head, I told Tom, “I was about to clock out anyway. I will hit the time clock and change the tire. You worry about the ramp, okay?”

He seemed relieved at not having to go back out into the cold just yes and answered, “Yeah, sure. I’ll keep watch.” 

On the way up to the top level of the garage, the women introduced themselves. Candi and Lexi were their names. Candy was a non-descript Barbie doll type. She had a pretty face, button nose and little cupid bow mouth, but no outstanding features. Her basic prettiness was overwhelmed by too much makeup, particularly eyeliner and pink lipstick. Her hair was long and straight and medium brown. Lexi wasn’t as pretty but she was sassy and her face had character. She, too, was made up to party and she looked like lots of fun. Her wavy, shoulder length black hair was partially obscured by a white fur hat. Her eyes sparkled and she had a sassy wiggle in her walk. As I introduced myself, a playful smile crossed her bright red lips. I couldn’t tell much more about them since they were all bundled up. 

We stepped out of the elevator and I quickly sized up the situation. The right front tire was flat. I could only hope that they had a good spare and a jack. Unfortunately, they had chosen to park on the roof level, unprotected from the slight breeze. Theirs was the only car parked up here. On a warm summer night the breeze and the stars would have been wonderful but tonight it was just downright cold.

I laid out the folded blanket that I had brought up from the trunk of my car beside the flat tire. The last thing I had wanted to do tonight was kneel unprotected on the cold, hard concrete, garage floor to change a tire. Most of us from the colder areas know enough to carry a blanket in the car. 

Lexi opened their car trunk and I was pleasantly surprised to find a good, inflated spare and a jack in working order. I quickly got to work and Lexi kept it interesting with some fun banter. Candi was drawn into the conversation as well but she only answered questions. She never seemed to initiate any of the talk. They both seemed to be impressed that I was going to be a Navy flyboy and they told me a bit about their jobs. Lexi was a secretary for a small business downtown and Candi was the clerical assistant. 

When I was finally finished, I stood up and began rubbing my hands. It's not that I wasn’t smart enough to have a good pair of gloves but I had taken them off to do the finer work with the lug nuts and jack. Lexi looked at my cold, red hands and said, “You poor guy. They must hurt. Here let us help you warm them.”

Both Candi and Lexi took my hands and began rubbing them with their hands. Lexi then noted, “This doesn’t seem to be working. Try this,” and she guided my hands into Candi’s coat and onto her warm soft tits.

I tried removing my hands, saying, “I am going to get dirt and grease all over Candi’s blouse.”

Lexi held my hands in place and answered, “Candi doesn’t mind. Do you honey?”

Candi answered with a quiet, “No. I enjoy it.”

I stopped struggling and began squeezing Candi’s tits and pinching her nipples under her coat. She let out a soft, low whimper with my increased attention. While I was lost in this reverie, Lexi moved over to my side and kissed my lips. Her mouth wandered over to my ear and her hand to my growing cock. As she began to trace my hard cock with her fingers, nibbled on my ear lobe and whispered, “We ought to thank you for your help.”

Candi looked down and watched Lexi rub my cock to its full length and thickness. Lexi noticed her watching and told her, “Candi, honey, he has a real big one. You’re going to love his cock.”

With that both women descended to their knees on the blanket in front of me. Two pair of hands were stroking my hard cock through my pants. I forgot how cold it was outside. I was getting so hot that I was beginning to sweat inside my coat.

Lexi pushed me back so that I was leaning against the front fender of the car. The fender chilling my ass only heightened the sensation of the warm hands rubbing my crotch. Lexi slowly pulled down my zipper and worked on freeing my big, thick cock from my pants, long johns and undershorts. I watched as she did this. She looked up at me and asked, “Have you ever had two women suck your cock before?” I simply gulped and shook my head no. She smiled up at me and told me, “You are in for some kind of a treat. Candi and I are great cocksuckers and we love to work together.”

I let out a groan as my cock sprang free and was wrapped in two pair of warm hands. Candi let out a groan as Lexi smiled again and told her, “You can fuck this monster after we suck it for him, baby.”

Lexi took my cock and traced its length with her hot, wet tongue. The sensations were overwhelming. My cock was getting cold from being exposed to the cold breeze. This enhanced the heat of Lexi’s tongue and then emphasized the cold along the wet trail she left behind. Lexi held onto my cock and then pointed it over to Candi. Candi did the same thing, one long, hot, wet lick up my length. Then both hot tongues were dancing on my cold cock head followed by one lick from Lexi and one lick from Candi and another two tongue dance. They continued to do this over and over. 

The alternated freezing and heating of my cock was driving me crazy and I was moaning loudly. My cock was so hard and probably from it being partly frozen. When Lexi next licked up my shaft, she then engulfed it into her hot wet mouth and swallowed it nearly all the way down. The heat of her mouth was so intense. I thought that I had died and gone to heaven. Lexi slowly pulled her mouth off my cock. As soon as it was exposed, Candi lunged for it. Lexi stopped her and told her, “Wait a second, honey. Let him cool of a bit then lick it and suck it.” I groaned as I could feel my cock quickly cooling.

With a smile, the first I had seen from her, Candi licked up my length and engulfed the head in her mouth and swallowed my cock just as Lexi had done. Candi swallowed me down until her nose was buried in my pubic hair and then slowly sucked back up my cock. When she had released it from her mouth, I had two sets of lips and tongues slurping on my cock head for a minute before they moved off me. Lexi let me cool and then began the lick, suck and slurp pattern again. 

There was no doubt that these two sexy women were enjoying the freeze-thaw tease they were giving me. By now I was ready to cum most anytime that they were licking and sucking on my cock. I was enjoying the intensity of these pleasures so much that I was trying to hold back as long as I could. I wanted this crazy tease to last forever. There is no feeling as intense as being balanced on the edge of release and being denied. 

Lexi realized just what I was doing and decided that the girls needed to assert themselves. As Candi was finishing her turn sucking me, Lexi whispered to her just loud enough for me to hear, “He’s really enjoying this too much. Let’s make him shoot his load.” 

Both sets of lips surrounded my cock head and both tongues began lashing my sensitive glans. My wet cock shaft was freezing cold and the head was boiling hot. If this contradicting sensation wasn’t enough, both tongues were concentrating on my most sensitive of spots and both sets of lips were slurping wet on my nearly as sensitive cock head. I was trying to respond to the challenge, squeezing tight and holding onto my cum. They increased their attack to a fevered pitch and I could hold on no longer.

My cock began to pulse and my hips bucked as I shot bolt after bolt of into their slurping, sucking mouths and onto their dancing tongues. As I shot my sticky mess all over their lips and tongues, they continued slurping and licking each other as much as me. When I had finally shot my last bit of cum and my cock had begun to wilt in the cold, both women stood up in front of me and kissed deeply. They shared my cum on their tongues and licked my cum off of each other’s lips. My cock began to rise once again.

Lexi noticed my fascinated attention and smiled at me. “Get the blanket, stud. We might need it later.”

I could only stammer, “L-l-lattter-r-r?” as I bent to pick up the blanket.

Lexi looped her arm through Candi’s and reached down to grab my cock. She pulled me along to the elevator by my cock as she told me, “I promised Candi that she could fuck your big cock, remember?”

On the ride down to the lobby, Lexi continued to slowly stroke my cock. She made sure that it was going to stay hard for Candi. Candi simply stared at her hand sliding up and down my cock, lost in her own dream world.

Just before the elevator doors opened in the lobby, wondered what would happen if someone was standing there waiting to use the elevator. I was afraid of the consequences and the thought of being caught with Lexi’s hand wrapped around my hard cock embarrassed me. It also made my cock throb with renewed vigor. As the door began to open, my cock lurched in Lexi’s hand. 

She looked over at me and asked, “You really like this, don’t you stud?”

The lobby lights and the office lights were off. Every one had gone home so there were no other cars in the garage. Tom and the cashiers were gone. For a moment I was a bit miffed. Tom had shut down without touring the garage one last time or he would have realized that my car was still in the garage and so was Lexi’s and Candi’s car. 

This also left me with some relief since he hadn’t come up and wasn’t able to see the two girls work on my hard cock. There was some disappointment as well. It would have been even more exciting to have had a witness to the girls giving me such a sexy two headed suck job.

As a shiver ran up my spine, Lexi lead me into the office still holding onto my hard cock. She told Candi, “Spread the blanket on the floor and we will use this stud like he was meant to be used.” Candi quickly complied.

Lexi let go of my cock and walked behind Candi. As she reached around her and unbuttoned Candi’s coat she told me, “Candi loves sex. She really loves to fuck but she is a complete subbie. To get off she needs to be told what to do.” As I stood and watched Lexi undress Candi from behind, Candi stood and stared at my hard cock, licking her lips. Her vision never wavered.

Lexi asked Candi, “Don’t you love to be told what to do, honey? Tell Ross how much you get off on being told to fuck.”

“Y-y-yessssss! I love it when Lexi tells me who to fuck and how to fuck them. I will cum all over your big, thick cock if Lexi tells me to.”

Lexi then addressed me, “Strip stud. Let us see the goods while I undress Candi.”

Not a problem. Preparing for flight school, I had gotten myself into the best shape of my life. I was running five miles a day and lifting weights religiously six days a week. Candi’s eyes glinted as they roamed up and down my body but they always returned to my hard cock.

Lexi was stripping Candi slowly, one garment at a time. Coat, sweater, blouse, skirt, bra, panties until she was standing in front of me in nothing but black, high heeled pumps and frilly white ankle socks. Lexi’s hands roamed all over Candi’s body. She caressed Candi’s soft skin, squeezed her tits, and pinched her nipples. Lexi’s hand slipped between Candi’s legs from behind so that I could see her red nailed fingers slide up to Candi’s clit and then back again. 

She smiled at me and asked, “She looks good doesn’t she, stud?”

Candi had a Barbie doll body to go with her face. Firm, full round tits with tiny pink nipples, a tiny waist and small, almost boyish hips perched on long, slim, shapely legs. She had just a smudge of light brown pubic hair. I could smell the uniquely woman scent of her arousal. Her small ass was curvy and inviting.

“She is very sexy.”

“Get on your back on the blanket, stud. Candi loves to ride a big, thick cock.”

As soon as I was on my back, Candi knelt down and straddled my hips. Lexi knelt beside her and began to rub my hard cock along Candi’s dripping pussy lips. Both Candi and I whimpered in anticipation.

“Candi can’t take a cock unless I insert it for her, stud. Remember that. Ask me real nice and I may let you put this big cock into my pretty, little fuckdoll.”

Please Lexi. Please put my cock into Candi. Please let Candi fuck me.”

Lexi grasped me firmly and slowly pulled my cock up into Candi as she pushed down on Candi’s shoulder, impaling her on my throbbing hardness. Candi let out a squeal of delight and her hips went into overdrive, undulating and pumping on my hard cock.

“With a cock in her, Candi is a regular fucking machine. Don’t you think, stud?”

I was moaning too much to be able to answer. Lexi stood over me and began to remove her clothing. Slowly like she did Candi’s, enjoying the tease. Her body was more womanly that Candi’s, more real. She was not as perfect in form but much more enticing to me. Her big pear shaped tits sagged a bit but made me think of how they would look dangled over my face or wobbling as I fucked her from behind. Her full hips and round asked begged for my attentions, hands, tongue and cock. Her legs were surprisingly slender and shapely, leaving a gap between her thighs and exposing her smooth, shaven pussy. I have always found this to be so arousing, the combination of gaping thighs and a smooth, bare pussy. Lastly, her clit was the biggest that I have ever seen. It looked like a miniature cock standing proudly out of its hood. This was a woman built for sexual pleasure. She was built for fucking, for both giving and receiving pleasure.

“Like what you see, stud?”

“Oh God, yes!”

With a wicked smile at my response, Lexi turned around and straddled my face. She kept her pussy just out of reach of my tongue. I could see just enough to be able to watch her kiss Candi deeply and then suckle on Candi’s tits. As Candi returned the favor and began sucking on Lexi’s wobbling beauties, Lexi looked down at me and smiled as she saw mw watching. Her hot, wet pussy slowly descended to my awaiting lips and tongue.

“Come on Candi, fuck this stud! Fuck that big, thick cock! Lick my pussy, stud! Suck my clitty and make me cum in your mouth!”

Candi’s bouncing and rotating on my cock increased in pace and my tongue thrashed at Lexi’s pussy and clit. This woman could make anything hotter, more exciting. We both wanted to please Lexi as best as we could.

I could hear the girls kissing each other sloppily. My hands moved up to Lexi’s wobbling tits, kneading the warm, soft flesh and squeezing her big nipples. Lexi’s hands moved to Candi’s clit, rubbing it frantically. I began sucking on Lexi’s big clit. As Candi arched her back and began wailing, I could feel Lexi stiffen over me and her essence filled my mouth. My hips bucked up into Candi and I pumped my boiling jism deep into her hungry hole.

With gasping and an occasional moan, twitch or caress, we collapsed into a puddle of melted flesh. Each of us was gasping for breath and sweating profusely. We just lay there hopelessly tangled, not wanting to move in our languor. Once a gain, Lexi led the way. Climbing off my face and pulling Candi from my cock. I slipped from her sticky, cum filled pussy with a wet slurp.

Lexi looked down at me, still on the blanket and said, “I hope you aren’t done for the night, stud. I want to fuck that big cock of yours, too.”

I stood up and leaned against the desk. My breathing slowly returned to normal. Lexi winked at Candi and Candi walked over to me and knelt at my feet. Candi then proceeded to lick our messy, mixed juices from my cock. My cock once again began to rise and she then took it into mouth and suck on it in earnest. 

From across the room, Lexi looked at me and remarked, “She has lots of uses, stud.”

This made my cock stiffen completely and Candi moaned around my hardness. Lexi bend over and held onto the file cabinet. She wiggled her ass at me and said, “Come and get it, stud. Come and get what you really want.”

I wanted to fuck her so much. She knew it. I simply disengaged from Candi’s mouth and walked over behind Lexi. I knew she wanted me as well and told her, “If you want my big, thick cock fucking me then you have to tell me.” 

I placed the tip at her dripping fuck hole, teasing her this time. She tried to push back on my cock but I was expecting it and pulled back. Lexi let out a whimper as I placed my cock tip back at the lips of her needy hole.

“Tell me how much you want it.”

“God, I want you to fuck me with your big, thick cock. I want it. I need it so bad. Please fuck me!”

I grasped Lexi’s hips to take control and told her, “Come and get it.”

She pushed back at my cock, trying to swallow it whole with her pussy but I slowed her with my grip on her hips. Candi and I both watched as my cock slowly disappeared into Lexi’s pussy, stretching her and filling her up completely. 

As I slowly began to thrust into Lexi, I felt Candi’s tongue on my ass. Her pointy little tongue slowly penetrated my tight ring and she began to tongue fuck my ass in counterpoint to my fucking Lexi’s sweet pussy.

Soon both Lexi and I were both moaning and the pace picked up. We began to fuck as only wild beasts can. I was pounding her ass with my hips making small ripples move up her ass to her back, she was pushing back at me trying to take me deeper and deeper with each savage thrust. 

Candi then moved under us. She began licking and sucking Lexi’s big clit and sliding a finger in and out of my ass. This did it for both of us. Lexi screamed, “Fuck me, stud! Fuck me! I’mmmmmm cummmmminngggggg!” and I simply groaned as I began to pump my hot cum deep into her womb. Throughout this Candi never stopped licking and sucking Lexi’s clit or fingerfucking my ass.

When Lexi and I finished and my cock slipped wetly from her well fucked pussy, Candi stayed in position and proceeded to lick and suck Lexi’s pussy and my cock completely clean. She certainly did have her uses.

Lexi turned to me after she had caught her breath and said, “That was some kind of fuck, stud. When did you say you had to leave for flight training?”
