 I have been doing a fair amount of traveling since I retired from my IT job with a major west coast grocery chain earlier this year. I find myself back in Southern Idaho where I enjoyed a memorable business trip last year. During the trip, I crashed a 30th high school reunion at the local Holiday Inn.

It was the most erotic weekend I've ever spent with two very special mature ladies. Their names are Tess and Stacy. They were sitting at the welcome table along with their friend Carol checking in the guests. The reunion included the three high schools in town from the class of 1986. I stopped at the hotel front desk earlier that day and inquired about the reunion. Armed with the names of the high schools, I was able to con my way into the festivities. Tess was the first to speak, letting me know the three of them were from South High. I introduced myself as Rob from a rival high school, paid the ten dollar fee and I was in the door.

I remarked that I remembered Tess from the good old days and commented that she looked stunning tonight. A small white lie wasn't going to hurt anyone. She indeed was stunning. I remember the moment like it was yesterday. Tess wore a light blue satin blouse with a few buttons undone. Her Triple-D tits provided a lot of cleavage as they strained against the fabric. Being a confirmed 'boobman', I stared a little longer than I should have.

I told the ladies, it would be my honour to dance with them during the evening. Carol immediately threw Tess under the bus by stating that she and Stacy were married, but that Tess was single and available. Tess shot her an evil look, however, that was the beginning of my incredible weekend.

I mingled with several groups at the beginning of the evening before Stacy tracked me down for a dance. Even though she was married, she was quite forward and went so far as rubbing my cock as we danced. She asked me to get Tess out on the floor and help her enjoy the evening. Tess's husband left her three years ago for someone half her age. Since then Tess did not socialise much and was pretty devastated by the whole affair. I let Stacy know that I would do my best.

I did ask Tess to dance and once we were on the floor, Tess opened up and a flood of emotion came tumbling out. She vowed to change her outlook starting right then, and I was to be the lucky recipient. We danced close with Tess pressing her mountainous boobs into my chest. I responded by grinding my hard cock into her pussy. By the time the music ended we were kissing and rubbing our bodies together. I'm sure others on the dance floor saw our movements.

That was the beginning of a wild night that had me eating her pussy while I hid under the table. Not only that, but she insisted that I make oral love to Stacy while I was still hidden. We continued the night up in my hotel room making love and showering together. That was the evening I learned that Tess sported Triple-D breasts with deep red areole and nipples as big as my thumb. She was also completely shaved with the biggest, most sensitive clit I've ever encountered. A tigress was released that night, and I was the lucky bastard who enjoyed it all.

Sunday was equally mind blowing. The morning began with Tess administering the blow-job to beat all blow-jobs. Her technique had me cumming in no time and I blasted a mouthful of jizz which she swallowed and complimented as the sweetest she had ever tasted.

After that wake up call, the day got even more sublime. We enjoyed room service and then Tess had to go check out of her hotel room. In the meantime, there was a knock on the door and who should be standing there in nothing but a Holiday Inn robe? It was Stacy! Stacy informed me that Tess gave her permission to attack me as long there was enough of me left for her to enjoy later. Even though Stacy was a married woman, she forced me into a wild 69 session that had us both climaxing. I used my fingers to search out her g-spot which led her to an insane orgasm causing her to squirt pussy juice all over my face.

I learned that Stacy's husband paid no attention to her needs and that she was glad to have Tess as a best friend. They often got together and made love to fill the void of faithless husbands. Tess was only too happy to share. A fact that led to us having a threesome in Tess's hot tub Sunday night. I would have loved to include Carol and make it a foursome, but Tess said that Carol was too shy for such activity. Tess and Stacy vowed to work on Carol to get her to loosen up and enjoy life a little more.

Needless to say, I'm looking forward to reuniting with these lovely ladies again. We shared phone numbers and other contact information before we bid adieu that Sunday evening. Now that I am back at the same Holiday Inn for a few days, I plan to contact them and catch up on the past year. My first effort is to dial Tess's phone number and surprise her. Much to my chagrin I get a message that the number is no longer in service. My heart sinks in my chest and my head begins to spin. Was that weekend last year just a figment of my imagination? Was it a one and done situation? What's going on? I dial the number a few more times and receive the same message.

I look up Stacy's number and give it a try. On the second ring someone lifts the receiver and I hear a familiar voice, "Hello?"

"Stacy, this is Rob. Remember me from the high school reunion last year?"

"Oh my god, Rob! How could I forget you? I've only thought about that weekend every other waking moment. A lot has changed this past year that I need to tell you about. I've thought about calling you, but just couldn't find the strength to do it. Are you working in town? Are you close by? Geez, this is great to talk to you."

I can tell by Stacy's response that something is up. She is talking in short breaths and her voice is erratic.

"Stacy, a lot has changed with me too. I've retired and am travelling to old familiar places. In fact, I am here in town at the Holiday Inn. I would love to see you and Tess if you guys are available?"

"Oh my god, yes! This is so exciting; I want you to come over to my house. Can you come now?"

Stacy is definitely wound up. I confirm her address with what I have in my planner and drive over. She lives only minutes from the Holiday Inn, so I am knocking on her door within ten minutes of hanging up the phone. The front door flies open and Stacy jumps into my arms. It's a good thing I have quick reflexes as I have no time to respond, I grab her by the ass and hold on. Before any words are spoken, we are locked in a grinding kiss with lots of tongue action. I need to catch my breath and pull back from her lips.

"Well, hello Stacy. It's wonderful to see you. This is quite a welcome. Do you greet all of your guests this way?"

"Oh Rob, you still have a sense of humor, don't you? It's great to see you and feel you in my arms again. I guess I should let you come in."

With that comment, I release my grasp of her buns and Stacy stands up. She grabs my hand and pulls me into her house. My cock stirs a bit having just been pressed into her crotch and her tits smashed against my chest.

"Come in, come in. Gosh it's great to see you. Tell me all the news. You haven't changed a bit."

Stacy is staring at my cock as she talks. We walk into her kitchen and stand by the center island. She is looking mighty fine. I tell her about my retirement and the traveling I've done these past three months. All the while, I stare into her beautiful blue eyes, and at her gorgeous boobs. I remember them being a hefty C-Cup with puffy areole the color of peaches. Stacy is wearing a thin gold tee with lace straps. Her nipples poke out as her breasts strain against the tight fabric. I can see a faint outline of her areole.

"So Stacy, where is your husband? Have you seen Tess? Tell me all the gossip."

Stacy proceeds to tell me about all of the changes in her life since the reunion last year. She finally got tired of her husband's lack of attention and they agreed to a trial separation. She is fine with the current situation. It has freed her to peruse young lovers who can keep up with her insatiable love of sex. She is their wild MILF. She loves teaching them how to please her every need. When they aren't available, she has her favorite dildo to satisfy her desires. She plans to instruct her boys on the various ways they can use it to bring her earth shattering orgasms. As Stacy fills me in, my cock starts to swell into a full erection.

"Well Stacy, it sounds as if you are enjoying life to the fullest. How about Tess?"

"Sadly, Tess took a job promotion and moved up to Boise. We still get together from time to time and talk on the phone regularly. I miss her and I miss our hot tub sessions. I would have so much fun playing those huge tits and eating her pussy. Well, you remember that night in the spa?"

"It's etched on my brain, I'll never forget that night. How about your friend Carol? She didn't join us; I thought you were the three musketeers?"

"We were. Tess and I tried to get her to join you, but she was staying faithful to her husband, even though he treats her like an employee, not a wife. He expects dinner, a clean house and someone to pay the bills. There is no more romance in that marriage, so you can imagine her self-esteem is pretty low."

"That is so sad. As I remember, she is a beautiful lady that could turn heads."

Stacy continues, "She could, but she doesn't because she is in a loveless marriage and won't make the effort. Tess and I would encourage her to dress up and flaunt her sexuality and sometimes she would. We got her into the hot tub a few times and the tigress emerged. She loves having her pussy eaten. Tess and I shared her and gave her some wonderful orgasms. She is very responsive, if only we can get her to admit she has much to offer."

"Why don't we reach out to her while I'm here?"

"That's a great idea. She has a birthday coming up that has her depressed. She'll be one year shy of fifty and she thinks it's the end of life. I know her husband won't do anything. Maybe if we take her out and throw in a few surprises, we'll get her to loosen up and give her a few good orgasms."

"A few good orgasms are a good thing."

"Yes they are, now let's stop talking about them and work on a few of our own. I've been staring at that bulge in your pants for the last five minutes and I want it now."

Stacy grabs my hand and leads me to her bedroom. The king size bed looks inviting as she pulls down the covers and grabs some towels from the bathroom.

"You think you have enough towels there?"

"Listen buster, I plan on using and abusing you for the next several hours. I recall the last time we were together you made me squirt; and right now I'm really wet, so get your ass over here."

Stacy sits on the side of her bed with her legs spread. I walk over to her and she grabs my belt to remove it. I reach down, grab the hem of her shirt and pull it up releasing her beautiful C-cup breasts. I force her to let go of my belt and hold up her arms so I can remove her shirt completely. She obliges but quickly returns to her task of getting me naked. I stare at her peach colored areole with her erect nipples while she unbuttons and unzips my pants. With one swift move my pants are at my feet and my cock springs up almost hitting her chin.

"This is what I want. This is what I remember from last year. Seven inches of hard cock, shaved and so smooth. I recall the first time you poked me on the dance floor."

"Yes, and I recall you wanting me to rub your pussy. You weren't wearing any panties."

"I was hoping to get lucky and I did. You found my G-Spot."

Stacy grabs hold of my hard shaft and sticks out her tongue to lick the pre-cum already leaking from the tip. 

"Mmmm, tasty. I'm going to gobble you up."

Stacy licks my shaft from the base to my glans and all around. She licks from side to side leaving a trail of spit from my cock to her mouth. With a sense of urgency she opens wide and engulfs me in one swallow. Stacy's lips tighten around my shaft and she applies incredible suction as she pulls back. As she starts sucking me, I unbutton my shirt and toss it to the side of the bed.

My mind wanders back to that Sunday morning when we were locked into a viscous 69 pleasuring each other. Stacy bobs her head back and forth, lightly scrapping my shaft with her teeth. She grabs my balls with her free hand and pulls down on my sack, rolling them around her palm. Just like that she has me on the edge of exploding a torrent of jizz.

"Geez, sweetie, I'm going to cum too soon if you keep this up."

Stacy eases the pressure on my seven inches. She keeps hold of my balls, but uses her other hand to rub my chest and stomach. Her hand on my chest pushes me back a few inches and then she pulls me back by the balls. Stacy sits up straight and keeps pushing and pulling, allowing my cock to move in and out. As if on cue, she stops pushing and pulling while I take over and slowly fuck her mouth.

I place my hands under her round boobs and hold on. I move my hips back and forth, stuffing my cock down her throat. Stacy locks her lips around my shaft as I slide back and forth. The pressure has my head spinning and now I really can't hold back. My legs go weak and I unleash the first few spurts of cum directly down her throat. I pull back and shoot more jizz, filling her mouth with sweet goodness.

"Stacy, you're killing me. This is so good, I don't deserve this. Geez it's so good."

Stacy holds onto my legs as she accepts my entire load. She releases my shaft and some semen drips down her chin. Her eyes close as she gulps down my cum. She swallows everything in her mouth and then smacks her lips.

"Yesserie, that is definitely tasty. I love your cum, I want more."

I pull on her nipples and say, "You'll have to wait for a while; you just drained me completely. Let me eat your pussy and then we'll see where I am."

She wipes her watering eyes and responds, "Well that's a request I can't turn down. Come and get it."

Stacy scoots back on the bed and spreads her legs. I drop to my knees and reach for her. My head moves in close between her thighs as I prepare for my first taste.

"Stacy, you're not wearing any panties!"

"I took off my thong after you called. I knew I could get you between my legs before the night was over."

I inhale her sweet womanly aroma. I see her inner lips glisten with moisture and realise that she is completely shaved; no more little triangle of hair. Her smooth lips look so inviting. Her outer labia are pink and waiting for my tongue.

I look up to her eyes, "Stacy, you shaved, I love your smooth pussy. This is something new since last year."

She grins,"Yep, Tess was always telling me to shave or wax. She wanted me to have a bald pussy like her. I taught one of my boy toys how to shave me and he keeps me nice and groomed. I also had to teach him how to eat pussy. I used your technique to guide him. Boys just don't know how to eat a cunt like men do."

I place my hands on her inner thighs, snake my tongue and lick up her wet slit. If she is using my oral skills to teach others, then I'd better not let her down. I open her inner folds and lick the pink flesh. I use my tongue as a tiny cock and piston in and out of her vagina. I feel Stacy squirm. I force my tongue deep between her folds and lick up toward her clit. Stacy's inner lips are thin which frames her pink gash. Her clit is a tiny nub and very sensitive. I can lightly touch her clitoris with the tip of my tongue and cause her to squirm. My tongue is forceful as I separate her smooth lips. I push deep into her pussy and pull back again, going deeper each time and receding over and over.

Her clitoris pokes out from beneath its hood and I lap at it with my tongue. I flick the tiny nub and cause her to squirm even more. I rub my chin along her vagina. I continue to use my tongue to drill deep into her inner flesh and with every few thrusts of my tongue, I lick her clit. I open Stacy's labia and slide two fingers into her wet snatch. I concentrate licking her pink pearl while I finger fuck my friend. My tongue and her clit stay in constant contact. Her girl juice starts flowing just as I remember.

"Gawd Rob, you are driving me crazy. I haven't been this turned on since you had me last year. Eat my juicy cunt. Make me cum, make me cum now."

Her thighs shake and squirm which I know from experience that she is ready to orgasm. I suck hard on her clit and massage her g-spot with my two fingers. I feel her inner flesh spasm as she climaxes. She releases a lot of girl juice which washes over my face and soaks the towels. She was right to have several towels on the bed.

"Yesssss. I'm cummmming, I'm cummmmming."

Stacy presses her pussy hard against my face as she rides through her orgasm. I'm lost in a sea of her juices; my face again is covered in cum. I pull my fingers from within her inner core and lick all around her outer lips and thighs. I love cleaning her cum soaked skin.

I let Stacy come back to earth before I move up on the bed next to her. We both move up further on the bed and snuggle together. I lie on my back and move my arm under her, cradling her to my chest. She presses her big tits into my side and I feel her stiff nipples, still erect in post orgasmic bliss. Our heads are propped up on her fluffy pillows. We lie quietly together for several moments.

Stacy is the first to speak, "Gawd, I love your tongue. I wish I could teach my boy toys to do that. Or maybe you'd like to move in with me, Rob?"

I look at her and smile. We drift off into a peaceful rest for 20 minutes or so. I start to come back to life and feel a hand on my semi-erection. I focus a little more and realise Stacy has a tight grip on my cock. She looks at me and whispers, "I'm ready for round two, please make love to me."

How can I resist such a heartfelt request, especially with my cock coming back to life within Stacy's hand? I rub the side of her breast.

I whisper, "Would you like me to be on top? First we need to get rid of this mini-skirt."

I unsnap the side button and unzip her skirt. She lifts her ass and I slide it down her legs. Now that we are properly naked, Stacy can spread her legs and I can fill her pussy with my stiff cock. She spreads her legs and I move over on top of her, using my elbows for support. Stacy grabs my cock and moves it up and down her slit gathering wetness on my tip. She directs my hard shaft into her sweet spot. I thrust my hips and enter, drilling my seven inches deep into her pussy. I feel a familiar warmth and tightness I remember from last year.

"You feel good, Rob. I remember how deep you got when we were in Tess's spa. Give it to me baby. Fuck me hard."

I withdraw slowly and deliberately until just my glans is between Stacy's smooth hairless lips. I push in again slowly, feeling the same sensation and I know I won't last long. I increase my thrusts, some deep and others short and swift. The pressure on my glans is building with every movement. I love this feeling, the building of yet another incredible climax. I stare into Stacy's eyes and her smile is inviting. I lower my lips to share a sweet and loving kiss.

"You're pussy is so hot Stacy. I don't know how long I will last. This is so good."

We share a passion that we didn't have a year ago. Then it was just physical fucking. Now it is a loving union between two friends. We continue kissing with open mouths, our tongues playing against each other. I intensify my thrusts into her hot sheath. She is so wet. Stacy's C-cup tits are mashed between our bodies. I feel her nipples harden against me, and lust for her big boobs.

"You feel so good, I love feeling your hard nipples against my skin."

You are amazing Rob. Your cock is crazy hard and hitting all the right places. So deep, so deep."
