 I woke up feeling hazy and a little confused. Where was I? I remember some alcohol, a casual get-together with some friends at a bar. It had been just a regular night out until a whiskey and water had appeared in front of me. The barkeeper pointed down the bar, and my head slowly turned until I saw her. She sashayed over to me and I couldn't believe my luck. 

She was an incredible blonde, with full, deep, red lips. Her hair—did I say blonde?—billowed down to the middle of her back. Her eyes were deep brown , and her face looked straight out of a magazine. The next thing I noticed was her tits—I couldn't help it; they jutted straight out toward my face and were concealed by a spaghetti-strapped miracle in fire-red. Her deep cleavage was apparent—and I swore I saw a flash of hard nipple—as she sat down on the barstool next to me. As she did, her miniskirt rode up past mid-thigh and I appreciated her flat, tight stomach. Her legs were tight and long, and ended in four-inch heels. 

"Like what you see, sailor?" she winked.

"Sorry for staring."

"Don't worry about it," she leaned over and whispered in my ear. "Girls get dressed up so that guys will notice them—it's flattering."

The other thing I couldn't help noticing was the rock on her fourth finger. 

"He's out of town, he's rich, and he doesn't love me, let alone fuck me."

I was surprised at her bluntness, and also surprised that anyone with male hormones could let a girl like this go a single night without at least one healthy bout of nail-dragging, grunting, deep, tit-mauling, sex. 

"So why me?"

"I can tell you're a good guy, and a little lonely. And I really like the way you look at me—it's sweet and makes me hot at the same time."

She was remarkably perceptive—my job often made relationships short, with unhappy endings. But I was not going to let this bout of incredible luck go. 

The rest of he night was a blur. As I thought about it, I recalled a cab ride back to my apartment, groping her ass under her skirt as she straddled me. It took me a second to realize that I was just feeling her bare ass, and even her tight crack had not a hint of thong. That thought made me hard as a rock last night, and I felt the blood rushing to my groin the next morning as I remembered the rest of the night. She was insatiable, and we'd done it at least five different ways—she rode me both facing me so I could see her bouncing tits and shaved—oh yeah, shaved—snatch, and she rode me the other way so I could watch her jiggling ass. I pounded her doggystyle, ate her out in a 69, and even did it long and slow missionary style. But the one thing I was sure of was that she would be gone. A married woman out for a wild night of fun would not be around to regret the consequences. 

Small slurping noises proved me wrong. I opened my eyes and she was there, her mouth firmly entrenched on my dick. I heard a pop as my cock slipped out of her mouth, rock hard.

"Hey sailor, good morning. I thought you'd never wake up."

"Last night was amazing."

"We're not done yet." She slowly licked the very tip of my cock, and licked up the precum that was now freely flowing from it. I groaned deep in my throat as she deepthroated me. I grabbed her and brought that sweet pussy to my face. I love shaved snatch! I went to work, licking and sucking her clit, and slowly fucking her with my tongue. I decided to get adventurous and licked across her whole pussy—then kept going until I felt her tight, shaved, puckered anal ring. She moaned across my cock as I stabbed into her tight ass with my tongue and massaged her asscheeks. She responded by stroking me and licking my heavy balls for a minute. She sucked deeply on her finger and started rubbing my ass. I couldn't believe it—this had never happened to me before. She deepthroated me and slowly guided her middle finger into my ass. I'd never felt anything like it; I could feel my cock getting incredibly hard. The pressure on my prostate was almost impossible to resist. I went back to eating her pussy and jammed my finger up her ass—this was rapidly becoming my most intense sexual encounter ever. I could feel so many things—her mouth and throat enveloping my cock, the tight heat of the inside of her rectum on my finger, her hair brushing my thighs, her juice on my face, and her incredible finger in my ass. I couldn't take it any longer—I sucked deeply on her clit, she groaned gutturally and exploded onto my face in a shower of juice. Her finger reflexively tightened on my prostate, and I couldn't resist the pressure anymore. My cock let spurt after spurt of come shoot into her mouth. She swallowed every single drop—well, almost. When I turned her over to fuck her there was a little dribble of my come sliding down the side of her lip. I licked it and French-kissed her. We both moaned as I sucked on her tongue and tasted my come; she tasted her juices and licked all around my lips. 

Amazingly, I was still hard. I pulled her on top of me and she went to town. I sucked on each of her tits as my cock was buried in her pussy. I grabbed her asscheeks and feverishly felt for her anus. When I found it, she jerked and moaned as I shoved my finger into her rectum. She pushed down on my hard, and she began to spew the most filthy, beautiful dirty talk I've ever heard.

"God damn, that fat cock feels so good in my cunt. Don't you dare stop fucking me, FUCK, yes that's it, harder, you bastard..."

I responded my telling her how tight her cut and ass were and how I wanted to fuck her in the ass like a slut.

"You want to fuck that tight ass, baby? Why don't you just go ahead and fuck my ass..."

So I did—I flipped her over and shoved my tight cock up her rectum as hard and fast as I could. Her dirty talk had degenerated into grunts and moans, as had mine. My fingers joined hers on her clit and and we were both rewarded with her powerful orgasm—which I felt even as I was buried in her ass. I knew I wasn't going to last much longer. I groaned deeply and let my load spurt into her ass. We were finally both spent and both us and the sheets were splattered with a mix of our come.

"Ready for a shower, Mrs. Johnson?"

"Sure I am, Mr. Johnson."

As I finger-fucked her tight ass in the shower and she jacked me off, I whispered in her mouth, "That was the best one-night stand ever."

"Shut up and stop messing around. If you're going to fuck that ass, you better just put your dick in it."

"Deal." She even let me come in her mouth afterwards...