 I have always been a sexual person, so it seems. I remember being horny and fantasizing while in high school, fantasizing about being spanked in the principles office. Having to stay after class for some "extra credit" with the handsome High school English teacher. Of course I was just a kid and didn't know how to go about getting what I wanted. 

I learned to masturbate early, I happened across some porn magazines that I found while babysitting. They were pics of college aged looking girls, made to look younger in various positions and outfits, playing the innocent part; they all were being fucked by older men. Men who could have been teachers or doctors. I was so turned on by them that I always wanted to baby-sit for this couple so I could see the newest magazines. 

There was once even a group of pictures that looked as if the girl was the BABYSITTER!!! All the pictures had a storyline. This particular group showed a schoolgirl arriving at a house, carrying her books. A man opens the door and she goes inside. She was wearing a Catholic School girl type uniform, with plaid skirt, button down white blouse, knee socks and black shoes. Once inside the girl would bend over showing her panties as she gathered toys from the floor, etc. I never saw a child; I guess the kid was taking a nap or something. The pictures showed the girl lying on her belly on the couch, reading one of her books, legs up and spread so that you could see her ass.

As the story progressed the man sat on the couch, rubbed her panty clad ass, pulled her panties down, sat her in his lap and fingered her pussy. Eventually she was totally nude and fucked in various positions and also sucked his cock. I remember how badly I wanted to be that girl. I wanted to know what it felt like to have a man's dick in my mouth and pussy! Of course I never experienced any of that as a young girl, but how I wanted to. I babysat and masturbated at that house quite often.

Ever since those days, I have been attracted to older men. They don't have to be real old, just older than me. I think it makes me feel younger to be with an older man. I am not too young now and to be with an older more experienced man makes me feel appreciated. I have been single for quite sometime and pretty lonely. I had always fantasized about being a call girl. I love to role-play, I love to experiment and please. I figured, why not, I am an adult, I could do this. So I started an internet site to see if I could maybe get some reaction. I was going to try to be a call girl!

I would call the website…onenightstand…it started out as a joke. I didn't expect to get any hits. But I did. I posted a picture of myself and guaranteed a very pleasurable experience. I would offer "dates" with extras. Of course there were fees involved and that only made it more exciting to me. It seemed dangerous and exciting. I started getting email replies and had to weed through them. Some of them were very interesting. I decided to call back my first date.

He described himself as an older married executive. He and his wife had not been sexual for some time and he was not looking for a prostitute. He wanted to start with dinner and a drink and perhaps see what happens. It sounded perfect to me. I asked him if he had any preference as to how I dressed. "I would like for you to look as if you are a business associate." He said. "We will be dining at a very fine restaurant." 

"Perfect." I said. We talked for a few moments and made the arrangements. I was to meet him at a hotel, in the lobby. He was going to be in my town for a meeting and was staying at one of the nicest hotels. I was shaking with excitement. I couldn't believe I was actually going through with it.

I had to go shopping for the perfect outfit. I wasn't to meet him until the following evening at 7:00 pm. I got my things together and headed for the mall. I walked past the type of clothing I am accustomed to, jeans and tank tops, and on to the "Professional " attire. Just the thought of shopping for this "blind date" was exhilarating. I wanted to look professional, but not stuffy. I found some skirts that would work just fine. They were short but not too short. I found one that was pleated all the way around and sat about 3 inches from my knees. It came in several patterns and colors and decided to find a top before deciding which skirt I would get. 

I headed for the lingerie department. I would find a jacket to match the skirt, but wanted to see if I could find a silky cami for underneath, instead of a blouse. I found just what I was looking for. They had a style of cami that would be perfect. It was low cut v neck with spaghetti straps. The top was pleated jut a bit with a gather right under the breasts. The rest of the way down was all stretchy lace. It would be perfect! The cami came in white, black and tan. I opted for the tan. I went back to the skirts and found one with a slight tweed looking print it contained a small stripe of tan with an off white background. There were also some greens and browns. There were jackets with the same print in a couple of different styles. I grabbed the entire outfit and headed for the fitting rooms. 

I tried the skirt and cami on, perfect. I then tried two different styles of jacket. I had my outfit. I dressed and headed for the hosiery and shoe departments. I found a pair of nude, thigh high stockings. I also found a sexy pair of pumps. They had stiletto heels and made my legs look extremely long and sexy. I was so excited! I went to the counter to pay for my purchases and headed out of the mall. 

I stopped at the tanning bed; I had a pretty good base but wanted that little glow. Afterwards I stopped at the salon. I wanted to see if they could fit me in the next morning for a sexy up do, they scheduled me for 10:00am. Everything was set.

I got back home and couldn't relax; I knew I wouldn't be able to even sleep that night! What had I started? What was I thinking? I guess I could always back out if I changed my mind. Oh well, I would have to see how I felt in the morning. Now I would try to sleep. I did manage to drift off. I did sleep…and I dreamed. I dreamed about meeting my mystery man and having a wonderful time. I know that I woke up with a smile and was ready to start my day.

I showered and shaved, my legs and pussy. I wanted to be completely smooth and soft. I washed my hair and did my nails, fingers and toes. I gave myself a French manicure and pedicure. I moisturized so I would not have any dry skin. I dried my hair and threw on a hoodie, which zipped up the front so I wouldn't mess my hair taking it off after having it done. 

I threw on a pair of jeans and headed for the salon. I stopped for a quick cup of coffee and was off. I signed in and waited, I looked at some of the hair magazines to see if I could find something I liked. One of the girls called me to the front and led me to one of the chairs. I carried the magazine with me. She started wrapping the smock around me and discussed what I wanted done.

Before too long she had decided on the perfect style. I told her that I was going to meet a business associate for a dinner meeting. But there would be dinner and possibly dancing afterwards. She asked what kind of business I was in, I told her some story about being a marketing professional. I would be working on designing a new image for his company. 

She talked about how important it all sounded and how exciting my life must be. I just laughed to myself. I was at the salon for about two hours, we talked and she worked on my hair. She added a few strands of color as well as the up do. She convinced me that the streaks would help bring out the tan. I went for it.

She then offered to do a makeover. She complimented me on how clear and young my skin looked but she could do a natural looking make-up. I let her do it. After it was all over she said, "You ready?" And turned me around in the chair. I couldn't believe it was me! I looked like Vanna White or something! I was very impressed. I looked done up but not too much so. I must admit, I looked really good. I felt like someone else and that was nice. It made it easier to play a part to be someone else.

I went back home and got everything I needed and packed it in my car. I had decided that I would get a room at the same hotel. That way if I needed to dart for some reason I could. I wanted to be close and have everything there. After checking in, I walked back downstairs to look around. I checked out the bar and the restaurant. It was going to be a great evening.

I wanted it to be time, already. I was so anxious. I wanted to play with my stranger. I started thinking about how it would play out. I was fantasizing about this man, I didn't even know. I don't think it was actually the man as much as it was the act, the act of playing a part. This was to be my first attempt at the whole "call girl" thing. I didn't like calling it "prostitute" although I suppose that's what it is. I was after all meeting someone as a paid escort. I just didn't feel dirty about it. 

I watched some TV and laid my wardrobe out. Time seemed to stand still. I took off my clothes and lay on the bed. I decided to apply some lotion again and a slight bronzer, to give me that sexy, tanned glow. I was getting a tad tense and as I rubbed my skin with the lotion I decided to take off a bit of the edge. 

I imagined what my mystery man would look like. I hoped he was tall and strong. I closed my eyes as I rubbed the lotion on my breasts. I pinched my nipples firmly and squeezed my breasts together. I wished right then that I could suck on them myself, but unfortunately they were not that big. 

I applied lotion to my belly and legs. I worked my hands up between my thighs and brushed against my pussy. It was so sensitive, just fantasizing about this evening. I rubbed lotion onto the lips of my pussy and inside. I spread them open and fingered my wet pussy. I was fingering myself and thinking about this night. I was very stimulated. It was only a few moments until I came. I squirted all over the bedspread and was quickly relieved. I felt more relaxed now, not as tense, just what I needed. I stood and pulled the bedspread back; I didn't want the entire bed to be wet.

Now I was a bit damp. I went into the bathroom and opened my bag. I had packed a douche and decided I wanted to use it. I had to be clean and fresh for my night out. I sat on the toilet and flushed my pussy with the clean smelling liquid. The stream of liquid passing over my cunt felt very refreshing. I dried myself and finished applying the lotion to my legs and ass. 

It was finally getting close to the meeting time and I was quite anxious, so I began to get dressed. I had a very sexy lace push-up bra that barely covered my breasts, I pushed them up as much as I could so that my cleavage looked nice and my nipples were peaking out of the tops of the cups. I didn't wear panties. I slid the thigh high stockings on; they were very silky and had lace tops. I then slid on the skirt. I carefully slipped the camisole over my head as to not mess up my hair. 

I went into the bathroom to check my face and hair and brushed my teeth. I threw on the little jacket and slid my shoes on. I walked over to the full-length mirror to admire myself. I was so pleased with the look. It is exactly what I was going for. I could wait no longer. I grabbed my keycard and put it in the jacket pocket. I almost ran to the door and then to the elevator. I was going to be early, but I didn't care. I would wait at the bar.

I stepped out of the elevator into a rather crowded lobby. I was excited to see the crowd of men gathered around in small groups. I enjoyed prancing past them as they glanced my way. I noticed a few men noticing me and it was gratifying. I walked into the bar. I found an empty seat at the bar and sat down. There were two men talking on one side of my stool and a lone gentleman reading some papers sitting on the other side. I motioned to the bartender and he came over to see what I wanted. I gave him my order and he walked away, returning a moment later with my amaretto on the rocks, two cherries. 

I told him to start a tab for me and he said, "Maybe with the next one, this one is on me." He grinned and winked. I thanked him and raised my glass in a toasting motion and had a sip. I swiveled my stool around to get a look at the place. The bar was cozy and dimly lit. There was a band setting up in the corner. It looked as if it was a blues or jazz type group; I observed horns and a stand up bass. Looked like it would be a nice intimate atmosphere. 

Just past the stage, was an entrance to the dining room; it too was very cozy looking. It seemed to be very classy, with white linen table clothes and napkins, which were folded into fans and standing up on the tables. The tables had elegant place settings and flower arrangements as well as taper candles. I decided to ask for a menu, just to have something to do and to be able to stroll across the room and show off a bit. I walked over to the entrance of the restaurant; I found one of the waiters and approached him. I asked if I could have a menu to look at. "Of course, lovely lady," he said and handed one to me. I thanked him and walked back through the dining room to my seat at the bar.

I went to sit down and noticed a drink sitting on a napkin, next to the first one. I looked up puzzled at the bartender. He pointed to the two gentlemen seated next to me and said, "That one is on them!" I laughed, smiled over at them and sipped the first drink. 

One of them leaned over to me and asked if I was waiting on someone. I answered yes and told them that I was a bit early. "Lucky guy" he said and raised his glass. Again, I laughed and lowered my head a bit looking shy.

I was looking over the menu. It had some wonderful sounding offerings. I am a vegetarian so was interested in the seafood offerings. They had plenty to choose from. Of course I would have to begin with a shrimp cocktail. I continued viewing the menu and sipping my drink as I watched more people come in. 

There were couples going straight through to the dining room, confirming their reservations and being led off to their tables. The band was tuning their instruments and it was almost 7:00, I began to fidget. I picked one of the cherries out of my drink and sucked on it a bit. I bit it off the stem and fished out the next one. I ate it and downed the rest of the first drink. He would be here soon.

I reached for the second drink and swiveled back around. I noticed a couple of men standing just inside the bar entrance. They were having what seemed to be a serious conversation. After a moment they shook hands and one of them left, walking back through the lobby towards the elevators. 

The remaining gentleman was standing there, looking around. He was quite handsome. He was tall and quite muscular, big framed but not fat. He was wearing a very nice suit, black with a thin stripe. He walked over to the end of the bar and ordered a drink. Up till now, I don't think he even noticed me. I noticed him though. He had salt and pepper hair, a bit long and pulled back; he had a full beard, trimmed close and a mustache also salt and pepper. 

I then saw another man enter, stand and look around for a minute and approach the bar, also ordering a drink. He stood with his back to the bar as he drank his drink. A few minutes later a woman entered, looked around and waved at the second man. He waved back and trotted over to the woman as they both walked towards the dining room. Not him, I thought to myself. I turned back towards the bar and picked up my drink. I noticed the man at the end of the bar. 

He had his elbow on the bar and his head resting on his hand. He sipped his drink and smiled down at me, a very broad smile. I smiled back and kinda rubbed my neck a little. I felt embarrassed for some reason. When I looked back towards him, he was gone. I started to spin back around to see where he had gone, just then I felt someone behind me, his breath on my neck. "Are you Kinki?" he said quietly into my ear. "God I hope so." And he turned my stool around to face him.

'Well, that could be a loaded question." I told him jokingly. I know I was blushing. He was really handsome. I was glad I found him attractive; it would be difficult to "play" if he had been less that good looking. "It's me" I told him and reached out to shake his hand. He touched my hand and raised it up to his lips and gave it a gentle peck, he then, quite unexpectedly leaned into me and placed another peck on my right cheek. I felt like a teenager being flirted with by the captain of the football team. I was the one who was the paid escort; I was the one who was playing a part, so why was I the one being so charmed?

"Shall we gorgeous?" He asked, and helped me down from the stool. I grabbed my drink and let him lead me to the dining room. The other two gentlemen who had been seated next to me, again raised their glasses in approval, my date, did the same. I felt a little lightheaded. I never intended to actually like this guy, but was pleasantly surprised. We walked over to the door as the band began to play, a soft mellow bluesy tune. He placed his hand in the small of my back as he led me through the entrance. 

"Two, under Elliot" he told the host, and we were led over to a nice quiet table in the corner. The table was a bit back, but we were able to see and hear the live music from here, without it being too loud. He pulled out a chair for me; I thanked him and sat down. He pulled out the chair next to me, instead of across, unbuttoned his jacket and remove it. He draped his jacket across the back of the other chair and sat down. "It suddenly got a little warm in here." He joked, "I'm sorry, you ok, you want me to take your jacket?"

"Oh no, I'm fine right now, thank you." I said to him. I did however unbutton my jacket. I opened the front of it and pushed my sleeves up a bit. My breasts were perfectly placed in the v of my skimpy cami, if you looked closely, you could see the darkness of my nipples as they pushed against the silky material, of course the fact that I felt chilled, tingly from being excited, only managed to make it more noticeable. But I didn't care I had hoped he did notice. I sat up and took a sip of my drink. 

"Are you ready for another? " he asked, "what is it you are drinking?" I told him what it was and politely declined another one just yet. "So, it is a pleasure to finally get to see you. I had been anticipating this all day." "I must say, your website picture doesn't do you justice." "You are much more attractive in person." He complimented. "I couldn't have asked for a better date." "Let's check out the menu, see what else we can find tasty." He grinned at me and winked. "What's your pleasure, my lady?"

"Well, as far as food…um…dinner, I am a vegetarian, so I will check out the seafood offerings." I flirted with him. "I would like to start with an appetizer, you mind?"

"Not at all, dear whatever your little heart desires" he replied.

"I like that attitude." I told him "let's remember you said that, ok?" I tilted my head slightly looking over the top of the menu at him. I took a deep breath and sipped my drink lying down the menu. He looked a little while longer and sat his down as well. He motioned to the waiter and he came over to take our orders. 

We told him what we wanted and he took our menus. There we were, just sitting next to each other and I could feel him staring at me. I felt a tad uncomfortable. I didn't feel uncomfortable about being with him, there alone, just about being there in the middle of an uncomfortable silence. Just then we both began to speak at the same time. We stopped quickly and laughed. "You go first." I said, "I didn't really have anything that interesting to say, just wanted to break the silence."
