 This story is about a fantasy I have held deep inside for over a year now. I have played it out many times in my mind, and this is how it would go...

It was a rainy Tuesday night. My husband had long since left for work. I was bored with the thought of being home all alone. I called him and told him that I was thinking of going out for the night. He asked me what my plans were and I smiled as I told him to remember the fantasy I had told him of so many times. There was a brief silence on the line and then he replied, "tell me again." I then told him, "I want to tell you first hand after I have accomplished it." Again a brief pause and, "well be careful not to leave out any details." I told him how much I loved him, that I would be careful and would tell him everything when he came home in the morning, hung up the phone and sighed as I thought of how lucky I was to have such an understanding partner.

I quickly ran and showered, and made my way to the closet to find the perfect outfit for my adventure. Picking out the sexiest thing I could find, something that would need no words, something to say I'm here to be taken. Taken and fucked mercilessly by the two younger men I have felt so many times in my mind as I've fantasized.

My choice was a silk white blouse with a very low neckline, and a short, black skirt that leaves nothing to the imagination. I dressed quickly, omitting the bra and panties. My small but firm tits clearly seen with nipples protruding out against the soft fabric and the cheeks of my shapely ass just hidden underneath the hemline of my skirt. My 5 inch heels making my height of 5'2 look much taller and defined my firm thighs and calves to perfection. I took a quick look in the mirror and smiled as what was reflecting back took on the life of someone 25 instead of the 37 years that was.

I jumped in my car, excitement building between my bare thighs, with the aroma of a woman in heat as I drove towards town and took a turn down the interstate. Picking up my cell phone I made the call. Steve picked up the phone, and I melted just at the sound of his voice on the other end of the line. We had been trying to plan this for so long, and the excitement in my voice as I spoke told him that the night had come.He asked me how I managed to get away and I quickly told him, and that I had all night to play. I told him to look for me in about 15 minutes. You could almost hear him smiling through the phone as I hit the end button.

As I pulled into the dark parking lot across the street from the station, I saw the two of them standing just inside the doorway. I quickly got out of the car, looked around for anyone close by and when the coast was clear, I headed towards them. I was so excited, I could barely feel my feet hit the ground as I walked up to the doorway.

John was standing there beside Steve with a look of shock on his face as I came into the dim light outside. He had been kept in the dark about this little fantasy of mine, and was speechless as I walked past him and went through the door of the station. He quickly followed us inside and closed and locked the door behind us. I think it was at that exact moment, he realized that I had come to be fucked and smiled the most amazing smile. As I took off my coat and bent to lay it down across the chair, I heard them both exhale as they caught a glance of my asscheeks and the swollen bare pussy that laid center between them.

As I stood back up, I felt Steve's hands on my shoulders. Turning around, I was overpowered and thrust against the wall. An instant burning hit deep between my thighs and I sighed and trembled as his hand touched just underneath the hem of my skirt. His fingers slid a short distance to my aching cunt, and as he felt the pool of wetness there, we both smiled. He began to trace the outline of my swollen treasure, and as he pierced it with his long finger, I wimpered. He whispered into my ear the words, "That is one hot, wet pussy," and in one quick thrust of his hand they were buried inside me. The muscles clenched down around them and held on with all its might as he fingered me forcefully and rubbed the head of my oversized clit raised in attention to the rhythmic finger fucking my cunt was receiving. With his free hand, he unbuttoned my blouse, freeing my small but erect tits. As his warm breath and softness of his lips found them, I came instantly. 

Finding a pool of sweet nectar in his palm, he brought it to his mouth, tasting it's powerful sweetness and shared with me my thick and aromatic flavor. Careful to take in every last drop of me, he bent down to me and found my coated tongue waiting and deeply kissed me. I was eager at this point to return the favor and dropped to my knees, tugging at his waistband like a mad woman, desperate to free his cock from its clothed cave. As his pants fell to the floor, along with his boxers, his dick sprung free, hitting me across the face. There in front of me was the most beautiful 9 inch dick. I had drempt of seeing it many times, and it was all mine for the taking.

With my mouth watering at the site of it, I took it gently in my hand, and closing the fingers of my right hand around it, I began to tease the bulbulous head with the tip of my tongue. As my tongue made instant contact, a large drop of pre-cum escaped and I eagerly sucked it satisfying the hunger that months of fantasizing had worked up. Wanting so much to take all of him, I relaxed my throat muscles and began to devour his cock like a hunger-starved animal. He held my head steady and forcefully guided me down the entire length of his rock hard cock, nearly choking me as he began to thrust powerfully in his excitement. Felling him tense, I knew his cumming would be imminent, and before I could ready myself, a powerful and strong thump hit the back of my throat. I had to gasp for breath through my nose as he filled me with his hot sticky load. My grip on him hardened as I swallowed down every drop he had delivered and I felt full instantly. I looked up at him and he smiled down at me and pulled his still pulsating cock from my warm, wet mouth.

I turned to John, who was leaning against the wall, stroking himself and smiled a inviting smile. I walked over to him and took his hand. Leading him to the sofa, I gently pushed him down. I took his hands from his cock and place them down beside him and replaced them with my own. Kneading his dick between my fingers, I began to work him from his sack all the way up to the tip and back down, over and over again as he looked at me. His bare package glistening from the work of his own hands was so inviting that my tongue began to play him like a violin. My pussy ached so from the scent of him, I felt like I was going to explode. I wanted so much to feel his tongue simultaneously play me as well, so I ask him to lie back and mounted him slowly, careful to let my own scent linger there at his nose. 

He wasted no time using his powerful hands to spread me open and dive in. His tongue began to stroke my swollen clit with quick and deep thrusts. As our bodies moved perfectly together and with his dick deep in my throat, we brought each other to a powerful climax, each drowing the other with our juices. We both screamed out as our bodies shook in powerful bursts of pleasure. We stayed locked together until every drop was consumed. I climbed down from him and we kissed, sharing the mixture of the other.  

After a short period of rest between them, I got up from the sofa, pulled a chair to the middle of the room and invited them both to join me. John sat in the chair facing me and I mounted him slowly, desperate to feel every inch of him penetrate me. He teased the opening of my wet slit with the head of his hard dick, and I tightened around him little by little until I had consumed all of him deep inside, giving my pussy time to become familiar with this stranger lurking deep inside my tight territory. I felt his dick pulsating and began to milk the length of him slowly at first, but soon picking up the pace as my body began to respond to the erotic feeling of this sexy, unfamiliar man fucking me relentlessly. We rocked and thrusted wildly until our bodies gave into each other and came powerfully in sinc leaving us sweaty and exhausted.

Getting to my feet, and John moving away from me, I bent over the chair and lifted my ass up in the air as Steve came up behind me and impaled me with his enormous cock. Feeling like a virgin to his size, I came quickly and shook violently to his deep thrusts. He fucked me mercilessly for several minutes, pushing me forward, slamming me with his cock, balls hitting my ass as he did so. We both screamed obscenities as he came deeper inside me than anyone ever had and I was left spent, knees barely able to hold my weight as he softened inside me. Once his dick left me, I relaxed, stood and barely made it to the couch where he would join me and John. We all drifted into a deep sleep, all three exhausted from the erotic events of the night. 

I awoke some time later, got dressed, looked at both of them, gave them a kiss on the cheek and headed across the abandoned street to my car. I was sore as my bare thighs rubbed together as I walked, but the pleasure I had felt that night was more than worth the lingering pain. As I got into the car and drove away, the smell of sex was very heavy. I turned on the radio and drove for home as the sun was coming up. When I arrived, I lay naked under the cool sheets of my comfortable bed. I was home and missed feeling my husbands warmth next to me. Exhaustion drove me to a quick sleep and I awoke to the warmth of my husband's breath between my legs, getting intoxicated by the scent of strangers there. I pulled him to me and kissed him deeply. He wanted to hear every detail from beginning to end.

The excitement was building in him as I told him everything, careful not to leave anything out. I could see him getting quickly aroused as I laid my fantasy now turned reality out before him. We fucked softly and tenderly and he came as I told him of how I was taken. The look of satisfaction on my face as I spoke of it drove him over the edge. He filled me up completely and the mixture of three different men drove me over the edge as well. I had another powerful orgasm right then and there. I knew there would be other fantasies to explore and initiate and I couldn't wait to get started. I smiled to myself as I fell exhausted into a deep sleep. I had been fulfilled completely...at least for the time being.