 I got one hell of a surprise when I pulled into my driveway and saw a moving van in the driveway next door and some men moving furniture out of it and into the house. The house next door to me has been empty for nearly three months, before than I had an elderly couple living next door who were total nightmares. They always interfered in my business, thought it was ok to take some of my vegetables that I grew in my backyard, called the police on me when there was just a little music coming out of my house (even though the music was at a normal level), and the worst of all they ran over and killed my dog. Then a few months ago there was a gas leak in the house and they both died in their sleep. So I was a little excited to have somebody new next door, but worried that I was going to get somebody worse.

I got a six-pack of beer from my fridge and brought it over to the new neighbors. I figured I might as well break the ice and see what I might be getting into. I pressed the doorbell a moment later the door opened and I was taken by surprise when a beautiful woman stood before me. She was tall with shoulder-length blonde hair and blue eyes. She couldn't be any more than 30, maybe late 20's. She wore a yellow floral dress; it wasn't too revealing, you could see a little leg and you could still tell that she had an excellent body under there.

"Hello," she said with a big smile.

"Hello," I said. "I'm Bill. I'm here to welcome you to the neighborhood."

"I'm Laurie. I see you brought a welcoming gift," she said about the six pack I had in my hand.

"Yeah, I thought your husband might like this," I said.

"Not married," she replied. "But I'll still take it, that's my favorite brand."

I handed her the beer. She gave me one and we sat on the porch drinking and talking while watching the tired moving men still carrying boxes and furniture into the house. After we each finished a third beer I headed back to my house. There, I looked through the curtains to view my new neighbor. She was what every guy had fantasized about, the cute girl next door. She was pretty but not in an obvious way. She was homely and sweet. She was sophisticated, but not above the little things like drinking beer. She liked to wear dresses that weren't too revealing but still gave you something to look at. Every guy dreamed of a girl next door and I finally got one. The best part was that I was the only single person in her age range on the street, so I had the best chance of all my neighbors to get a chance at her. But I decided I wasn't going to ask her out right away. I didn't want to seem too desperate and at the same time I didn't want to put any pressure on her since she just moved in. Also, I liked the idea of just admiring her from afar, getting a good view of the girl next door.

.....

About three days later I was driving back from work. Everything was going well until I went to change the station on my radio when I got a huge static shock from the button. I never had something like that happen to me before. It was enough to distract me from watching the road and see a dog running across the street. I quickly turned the wheel and went off on the sidewalk. I hit the break right just in time because I was about to hit a fire hydrant. I put on the parking breaks so I could take a moment to relax and wait for my heart to stop pounding out of my chest. But that only lasted a few seconds when I heard a police siren behind me and saw a black and white car in my rearview mirror.

"Dammit," I said to myself. I went through my glove compartment to get my registration and insurance card and pulled out my license from my wallet all while trying to mentally plan what I was going to say to the police officer.

"So what do we have here," said a female voice.

I turned my head to see a person in a police officers uniform, complete with the gun, handcuffs and nightstick on the belt. The uniform was tight enough to see the excellent curves of the policewoman. I looked up to see a cute looking blonde woman with her hair pulled back into a ponytail, dark sunglasses and chewing gum.

"Sorry, officer," I said as I handed her my license, registration and proof of insurance.

She didn't take anything from me; instead she bent down until her head was at eye-level with me and smiled.

"We meet again," she said.

I got a better look at her, it took me a moment to recognize her but it was my new neighbor, Laurie.

"Laurie! Hi!" I said with some excitement.

I neglected to ask her what she did for a living so I had no idea that she was a cop. She said she was parked not that far way and saw me go off the road the way I did. I explained what had happened to her; of course as I said it I realized even I didn't truly believe it.

"Just to be sure, I need to conduct a sobriety test," she said. "Please step out of the car."

"Is that really nece—"

"I'm not going to ask you twice," she said with more authority. "Get out, now."

I got out of the car slowly. First she had me turn around and place my hands on the car while she searched me. Her hands roamed around my body in places that haven't been touched by a woman a nearly four months when I last had girlfriend. As she was checking me below the waist I couldn't help thinking how hot this was. This was like another male fantasy; the hot policewoman. Sexy, authoritative, can kick some ass when needed.

She had me walk in a straight line with my arms stretched out then asked me to recite the alphabet backwards. I was surprisingly better at saying the alphabet backwards than I would've thought I was.

"Sorry, Bill," she said. "Just doing my job."

"No problem," I replied.

"Stay out of trouble. Remember, I know where you live."

We said our goodbyes and drove off in opposite directions.

....

My company has been getting new clients coming up from Central America. My Spanish is pretty good but it wasn't enough to handle the new Spanish clients so I decided to take a nighttime Spanish class at the local community college. I signed up for Spanish level 4 since I already know it pretty well I just need to learn more.

On the first day of class I saw that I was the only 30 year in the class, the rest were regular students who attend the college. I took my seat in the middle of the classroom; I didn't want to be up front, but not too far back, that's the best way to go in a classroom. The teacher came on time; she said "Hola" to everybody and set her briefcase next to her desk. It took me a moment realize this because again she looked different than she was before, but it was Laurie. This time her blonde hair was tied up into a bun instead of a ponytail and this time she wore glasses. She also wore a black skirt with a white blouse that had the first two top buttons undone. Her blouse was see through just enough to see the outline of her bra, but not too revealing to make it inappropriate. Here eyes widened in surprise when she saw me. She smiled at me but didn't say hello.

We went through the basics firsts as a refresher before learning some of the harder stuff. I could barely concentrate because all I could do was fantasize about Laurie. She was fulfilling another one of my fantasies about the sexy schoolteacher. I imagined her keeping me after school, offering me private tutoring lessons and rewarding me for every time that I did something good and at the end of the semester she lets me have my way with her on her desk.

When the class was over I waited until the rest of the students were gone before I approached her.

"We meet again," I said.

"I cans see that," she said. "You're not stalking me, are you?"

"I don't stalk women who know how to shoot me," I said jokingly. "What are you doing here?"

She told me that this was her side job. Although she loved being a cop, it still didn't pay enough for her. So when the school was looking for some new Spanish teachers she interviewed for the job and got it. It was only a couple of nights a week and the extra pay was nice. I also asked her about her glasses; she said she usually wears contacts but she wears the glasses for her teaching job because it looked more professional.

"Listen," I began to say. "I was wondering if you would like to have dinner with me tomorrow night. I know a great Spanish restaurant."

"Sure, but how about coming over to my place instead?" She asked. "I love to cook and I've been looking for an excuse to cook for someone in my new kitchen."

I agreed and set a time to meet her for dinner at her place tomorrow night.

.....

The next night I was at her front door with a bottle of wine. She answered the door in a lovely red evening dress. Like when we first met it wasn't too revealing but it hugged her curves in just the right way to show the amazing body she was hiding underneath. She had on her glasses that I saw her wear in the Spanish class and her hair was in a pony tail that she had when I saw her as a cop. She invited me in and took the wine from me. She gave me the tour of her house; when she showed me her bedroom I noticed her voice changed a little and she gave me a little look that might suggest a little surprise later on.

I was wondering what version of Laurie I might see of her tonight; the girl next door, the cop, or the schoolteacher. It seemed to change around as the night went on. As she served dinner she acted like the shy girl who was nervous about having a guy over for the first time. As we conversed over dinner she turned into a cop when I mentioned how I liked to download music off the internet and she talked to me sternly about how illegal it was. Then later on she became the schoolteacher when she questions me on how to say some of the food she made for dinner in Spanish and in complete sentences.

"This was a lovely dinner," I said as I raised the glass of the wine I brought.

"Thank you," she said as she raised her wine glass back at me.

"You went all out. Is it safe to assume that you made dessert as well?"

"Oh, there's going to be dessert?" she said with a smile.

Underneath the table I felt something against the inside of my right leg and moving upward. It took me a moment to realize that it was Laurie's foot, and it was quickly moving to my groin. It was at that point I jumped up from the table, grabbed Laurie by the arms and pulled her up to her feet and kissed her hard. I held her tight as our tongues explored each others mouths. Her beautiful breasts were pressed hard against my chest and I could feel her nipples getting hard from underneath her dress. I had one hand on her firm, shapely ass and squeezed it hard. I had one of the biggest erections in my life in my pants and I made sure she could feel it by pushing it up against her. I explored her back with my other hand and found the dress's zipper and pulled it all the way down before she stopped me.

"Not here," she said.

She took me by the hand and we ran up to her bedroom. There we peeled each others clothes off. She got me naked first, basically tore off my clothes. I got her dress off; she wore a red lacy bra and matching panties. I got the bra off and finally got a good look of her amazing tits. I grabbed at each one of them and fondled them while she took my dick in her hands and began stroking it. She guided me to the bed and had me sit down on the edge. She got on her knees and parted my legs. She opened her mouth wide as she took my dick and made it disappear into her mouth. Her lips were perfectly sealed around the shaft; her tongue was gently massaging and lubricating it every time she bobbed her head up and down. She moaned as she did this, it increased the amazing sensation. I had my hand on her head and guided her a little, although she obviously didn't need my help. But I did get her to deep throat me a few times, getting her to gag a little each time. We went on like this for a few more minutes before I pulled her head out from between my legs and got her on her bed.

We began kissing while I fondled her tits again; I pinched her nipples which she seemed to like. I began kissing her neck and went down slowly to her tits. I began kissing and slobbering each of her tits and she held my head firmly against them, telling me how much she loved it. I moved to one of her nipples and put it in my mouth and sucked on it a little. I pulled off her panties that she still had on before I moved downwards until my head was between her legs. Her pussy was shaved except for a small landing strip above the clit. I liked at her clit a little, getting her a little worked up. As soon as she was starting to get a little wet I devoured her clit and went at it like a rabid animal. She held my head firmly with both hands and pulled my closer to her pussy until I could barely breathe. I felt her warm fluids pour into my mouth and began to contort as she screamed from the orgasm that suddenly took over her body.

I moved back up her body until we were face to face. I took my dick and without giving her any warning shoved it right into her body. Her pussy was just right; warm, juicy, not too tight. We held each other tightly as I began pumping myself into her; she gave a huff each time it went inside of her. I pushed myself harder and faster, her nails scratching my back and leaving long red lines in its wake. . In one quick motion she grabbed me and made our bodies turn over and she was now on top. Her hands were grabbing the headboard for support as she began to ride me. I let her take control and laid there as I watch her tits bouncing around wildly. I smacked her ass a few times which she liked and asked for more which I gladly obliged.

I flipped her around and got her on her back again. I held her hands firmly above her head in a tight grip, it hurt her but I didn't care, plus she seemed to like it. I began fucking her harder than I did before, not letting up at any point. 

"Give it to me!" she yelled. "Give it to me good."

She screamed again as another orgasm filled her body. It was at that point that I got that sensation in my balls that told me that I was ready to cum. I did what I could to hold on longer, but I could only get a few more minutes of myself before I had to admit to myself that it was going to end. I one final thrust into her body and shot a hot stream of cum right inside of her.

I got off of her and lay down next to her. She moved over and put her head on my chest and just laid there catching our breaths.

"That was amazing," she said.

"I agree," I replied.

"There's something I have to admit to you."

"What is it?" I asked.

"You were kind of fulfilling my fantasies."

She told me about how I filled her fantasies that were pretty similar to my own. I was also the sexy next door neighbor, as well as the sexy student and the sexy guy she gets to frisk while on duty.

"I thought you were being a little too handsy," I said.

Then I admitted how she was fulfilling my own fantasies. She thought I was making fun of her because of what she told me but I assured her I was telling the truth. We both had a good laugh before I took her into my arms and made love to her again.

The End!