 ...I awoke to the scent of something familiar...

Mmmm..bacon! My stomach began to rumble. I opened my eyes to see him, standing in a white, thick terry robe. I could see the steam pouring out of the bathroom and smell the cleanliness of his just showered body. He smiled at me, "Good Morning beautiful." He said and handed me a cup of coffee. "Java?" I sat up and reached for the cup. 

He pushed a small table towards me, room service. There were shiny stainless trays, a bottle of champagne, orange juice, mmmmm I thought, Mimosas. He lifted the various lids and laid them on the dining table in the corner. There was fruit, rolls, eggs, bacon...lots of yummy stuff and I was starving.

He offered me a large strawberry and I gobbled it down. "No fair," I told him "You are all squeaky clean and I am still rode hard and put away wet!" I did feel a bit rough. My hair was a mess, so much for the fancy up do. My face, I'm sure was smeared with the remnants of my make over. 

"Well then, follow me gorgeous." He said and reached out his hand. I took his hand and he led me to the bathroom. I hadn't noticed last night, but there was a fairly large Garden tub in the room. He had filled it with steamy water and bubbles.

There were candles burning and he helped me as I stepped into the tub. "Be right back" he said and exited the bathroom. The water was just perfect; I sank down till only my head was sticking out above the bubbles. 

He returned with two champagne flutes, Mimosas and a large platter of fruit and cheese. I was very relaxed. I sipped the drink and he fed me grapes and berries. It was very romantic. 

He sat the platter down and told me to stand up. I stood, the bubbles gently sliding down my body. He took one of the washcloths in his hand and added a generous amount of sweet smelling bath gel to it. He worked it up to a heavy lather and began to wash me. 

I turned around and sat on the edge of the tub. He lathered up my shoulders, my arms and my back. I turned slightly allowing him access to my breasts. He slowly massaged them, soaping them up. I could feel my nipples become aroused. "Mmmmm," he said "So pretty." I looked down to see my nipple protruding through the soapy bubbles.

I stood up and faced him. He started soaping up my belly and down my legs. He rubbed the cloth between my legs and gently washed there. The warm water and the slick bubbles very invigorating to my sensitive pussy. He continued to wash me and it was very erotic. 

I sipped my Mimosa and reached out to him. I untied his robe and brushed it down over his shoulders allowing it to fall to the floor. His cock was hard and sprang out at me as soon as it was free. I took his hand and pulled him towards me, he stepped into the tub. I grabbed him, wrapping my arms around him and kissing him deeply.

"Good Morning, Mr. Wonderful." I said smiling. He embraced me, kissing me back. We melted into the warm water. I lay on top of him, rubbing my entire body against his. The feeling of warmth consumed me. How could I have such strong feelings for someone I had only just met? A married man? My heart was pounding, I didn't care. I just wanted to be in the moment. 

I reached down and slid his dick into my pussy. We both groaned and relaxed in each other's arms. I rode his cock. I was wrapped around him, my arms entangled in his, our lips locked together as I fucked him. 

I laid my head on his shoulder and whispered into his ear, "You make me feel so good." "Mmmmm I love the feel of your cock inside me...you are wonderful, my lover." I was breathing heavy in his ear and moaning softly. He held me tight and fucked me. We began to fuck faster, splashing the water all over the floor. 

I sat up on him. I was rising and falling on his hard cock as he reached up and grabbed my tits firmly. I knew he needed this. I could feel it last night that he had longed for some attention. I needed it too. I was totally entranced by this stranger and I couldn't get enough of him.

He picked me up, out of the water and I wrapped my legs around him. He laid me on the floor on top of a very fluffy white rug. We were both wet and soapy as we fucked right there on the bathroom floor. He held my legs up and was up on his knees. He rubbed my clit as he watched his cock slide in and out of my pussy. 

"Mmmmm" he said, just grinning down at the sight of it. "I could just eat you up!" he said. I snickered a little and grabbed his cock; I slid my hand along it as he fucked my pussy. I reached down and fondled his balls. 

"Give me that luscious piece of meat," I commanded him. "I need to taste that clean cock."

He pulled it out of my pussy and climbed forward. He rested his balls on my mouth. I sucked them into my mouth. I licked them and sucked them as he stroked his cock. He was staring down at me and I winked up at him as my tongue tickled his asshole. 

"Ooooohhh, I like that." He moaned. I licked his asshole and slid my tongue up and down the length of his balls. He raised himself up a bit and placed his cock at my mouth. 

"Fuck my mouth, however you like it." I said to him. I parted my lips and opened my mouth wide.

"Oh God," he moaned "Mmmmm" He put the head of it just inside as I sucked on it. I licked at it, sliding the tip of my tongue into the hole and sucking it. He started sliding it slowly in and out of my lips only allowing the head to slide into my watering mouth. After a few moments he slid it in farther and farther, until his entire length was in my mouth. 

"Ohhh damn," he said, "You have an amazing mouth." I sucked him down my throat, swallowing it, deep throating it. "Oh YEAH!" He cried out. "You sure know how to suck my cock!" I loved him being so verbal. It excited me to know how much I was pleasing him. He started humping my mouth, slowly. Making love to it. 

He closed his eyes and fucked my face. I could see the big smile on his face. I reached up and caressed his balls lightly. "AHHHHH...hhhmmmmm" "So gooood" he groaned. He fucked my mouth a few minutes longer and suddenly pulled his cock out. He grabbed it and grabbed my face. 

He put a finger in my mouth and held my mouth open as he filled it with his warm cum. I didn't swallow it, just allowed it to fill my mouth and spill over the sides of my lips. I pushed it out with my tongue giving him an awesome cum shot of my face. I reached up with my fingers and smeared it around my face, over my lips and across my tongue.

"MMMMMM!" "DAMN IT!" He was clenching his teeth and muttering between them "YOU ARE SO FUCKING GOOD!" He bent over and kissed me, hard, tasting his cum on my mouth. "I'm not finished with you yet." He told me as he stood up grabbed my hand helping me up. He led me back over to the tub. 

We both sat down and he straddled me, my back to him. I snuggled in, my ass against his still hard cock. He grabbed a glass from the edge of the tub and filled it with water. He poured it slowly over my hair. 

He did this several times making sure all of my hair was wet. He then squirted some shampoo into his hands and began to message my head. He was so gently, running his fingers over my hair. I leaned my head back as he washed my hair. I was relaxed, so turned on.

He finished and once again filled the glass with water and rinsed all the shampoo from my hair. He continued to smooth it as he rinsed. He then turned my face towards him and began washing my face. He dipped his hands into the warm water and washed the make up from my face. 

He grabbed my chin and pulled his face to mine, kissing me. "You taste so sweet." He told me "Every inch of you" I just lowered my eyes and blushed. He raised my head up, "Are you ok?" he questioned me. 

"I guess" I sighed.

He turned me around to face him and held me in his arms. "What is it babe?" He asked. I didn't know where to start, I started to cry. I didn't want him to know but he could tell the way I was trying to hold back the sobs. "Baby, what is it?!" he seemed concerned. 

"I just didn't expect this." I sobbed. "It all started as a joke, as a game to add some excitement to my life." I told him, "I never meant for it to be so intense." 

"I never imagined it to be YOU, a dream guy." "I mean what were the chances." I continued to ramble. " What were the chances that someone would actually walk into my life?" 

I just took a deep breath and let it out in a heavy sigh. "Sorry" I said. 

He chuckled at me and squeezed me against him. "How do you think I feel?" he said. "I just thought I was going to meet some sex starved, middle aged nympho!" He laughed loudly. 

I elbowed him in his side. And he let out a little gasp. 

"I never, in my wildest dreams expected to find this beautiful, intelligent, erotic sex goddess." The woman I have fantasized about and longed for." "It is as if you walked right out of a dream." 

His voice crackled and he wasn't laughing now. "I have to say it, I have to tell you, and no matter how absurd it may sound I love you." He whispered. "I do, I love you." 

I melted into his arms and sobbed.

It's not possible I thought. It can't be that you can fall in love with a complete stranger over night, can it? 

We lay there in the tub, just holding one another. Finally I sat up, "You owe me one" I said to him "As I recall, you owe me at least one orgasm!" 

I stood up and climbed out of the tub. "I suggest you hold up your end of this little arrangement mister, and service me!" 

I giggled and ran into the bedroom, jumping on the bed. I was still jumping up and down on the bed when he entered the room. He joined me on the bed and wrapped me in his arms. We fell to the bed. 

I slid out from under him and climbed to the head of the bed. "I think I have been a baaaad girl." I grabbed the headboard and stuck my ass up in his face. 

"I think I need a spanking!" He grinned and "Whack!" He spanked my ass hard. "Whack!, Whack!" a few more times. It was a pretty hard spanking! "Ow baby, I'm sorry!" I cried "Make it better please." 

He crawled closer and rubbed my red bottom. He bent down and licked it. He was rubbing it and licking it. I lowered my upper body, laying my face down on the pillow. I reached back and spread my ass cheeks apart, wide. "Kiss it baby" "Kiss my sore ass please." I begged him. 

He shoved his face into my crack. His nose poking my asshole as he licked at my swollen clit. He worked his way up and down from my ass to my cunt. He sucked my clit in between his teeth and bit at it. He nibbled at my pussy and licked my asshole until I was ready to drench his face.

"I'm ready now baby." I whispered, "Want to taste me?" "Want to taste my sweet juices?" "AAAAAHHHHHH...I am cumming baby, here it cums...OOOHHHHH YESSSSSSS...cccccuunnnnning." 

I was panting as I squirted my honey into his awaiting mouth. I jumped and jerked as he sucked my clit hard into his mouth. He was moaning and making sucking sounds. I came a lot! I drowned him with all the liquid seeping from my twat. 

He lapped it up, not seeming to mind that I was drenching his face. He licked my pussy clean with his soft tongue.

I lay back down, face down on the bed totally relaxed. I took in a deep breath and sighed as I let it out. "Mmmmmmmm, you have no idea what you are doing to me," I told him. 

"I think I may have some clue." He laughed. He lay down next to me, grabbed my hand and placed it on his cock, it was semi hard. "See what you do TO me?" he said quietly. "I can't remember the last time I walked around with a stiff cock, ALL day long!" 

He continued talking to me, "I can't believe it, I can't remember ever feeling this way and I have been married a long time." "I don't even remember feeling this way with my wife, ever." He seemed bothered by that. "I love her," he said "But now...well I just don't think I am in love with her, don't know that I ever was."

He needed to get some things off his chest and I just let him vent. After awhile he stopped. He got up and walked to the bathroom. He came back carrying our Mimosas. He dumped them into the champagne ice bucket and prepared two more. 

We sipped our drinks and caressed and touched one another. "You know I am leaving this afternoon?" he said. "I have to get home and back to work."

"I know." I said, "I know you have your life, I have mine," "This was a business date, right?" I smiled up at him. 

"Yeah right!" he said. "By the way, speaking of that, I guess I owe you huh?"

"Well that was the deal, I guess." I said. "As much as I regret that now!" "I need to go too, I have a room downstairs." I got up and started gathering my things. I wasn't going to dress; I was going to get my stuff and just slip into one of the robes to go to my room. All of my stuff was there. I had to comb my hair and brush my teeth, get some more clothes. I had nothing up here in his room. 

He approached me and handed me an envelope. "Don't open it until we have parted, ok?" "I don't want you to feel obligated or anything, just take your time and let me know." He said and slapped me on the ass, as I got my things together. He too was picking up his clothes and getting other clothes out of his luggage. 

I watched him for a few minutes and felt a little sad. I didn't want to leave, didn't want him to leave. He looked over his shoulder at me as I stood staring at him. He stood up and walked towards me with his arms open. I rushed into them and he hugged me tight. 

He kissed my forehead and rubbed my back comforting me. "Ok," I said, "Gotta go." I pushed away from him and he pulled me back and kissed me passionately. He didn't say a thing. I slipped on the robe and headed for the door. 

As I opened it he said, "Just think about it, ok?" I just nodded; I didn't want to turn around so he could see me crying again. I stepped out into the hallway and leaned against the door for a minute sobbing into my clothing. I sniffed loudly and headed for the elevators. 

I was just one floor down and there was no one else in the elevator or the hallways. Not that I would have noticed or care. I was so emotional. I didn't know what to think. I hadn't had a lover who was so attentive and so loving. 

I had planned on meeting some guy who was looking to get his rocks off and get his money's worth. What I found was a tender, passionate lover. 

I found my keycard in the jacket pocket and let myself into the room. I stepped inside and couldn't believe my eyes! There were flowers everywhere. Roses, daisies, lilies...every type and scent you could imagine! I found a card sitting in up like a tent on the bed. "I didn't know what your favorite flower was...I guess there are more mysteries to be discovered, all my love, honey...Elliot." 

I just sat down on the bed shocked. I have no idea how he managed to get all of this done before I woke up...but my heart was overwhelmed. I sat there in the same position it seemed like forever. I just looked around and sniffed the air.

I finally got up and grabbed my backpack. I got my things out and started getting dressed. I slipped into an old tattered pair of jeans, my favorites. I had a baggy sweatshirt and a pair of black Harley boots. So much for Ms. professional, back to tomboy kinki! I combed my hair and dried it, brushed my teeth and started packing my things up.

I looked around to make sure I didn't forget anything. I noticed the envelope sitting on the bed just under the towel I had thrown there. I picked it up and opened it. There was a note.

"My dearest lover, I have never felt this way before and hope to be able to show you again in the future, just what you mean to me. Please take this with my blessing and think of me as you indulge yourself. As far as the other goes, well I will be waiting patiently to see you. My heart will beat a little faster as I anticipate the day that you walk back into my life. Let me be the only one. Let me be your secret client, I hope you will. Yours forever, Elliot." I reached inside and pulled out the contents. 

I couldn't believe it! There was a ticket, a ticket for a flight and a cruise! HAWAII!!!! Oh my God! I was in shock! As I ruffled through all the papers I noticed some bills. There were 20 of them 20 $100 dollar bills! OH DEAR!!! No way!!! That is not what we discussed. That was way more than I expected. 

I ran out of the room and into the elevator. I was pressing the button and trying to make it speed up! As soon as the doors opened I ran down the hallway to his room! The maid was in there, cleaning it. Oh no! I thought. I stepped inside and looked around, "Can I help you?" the maid asked. 

"Is he gone!?" I asked, "Is he really gone already?" She told me that there was no one here and I walked out. I couldn't accept his generosity, could I? 

I walked slowly to the elevator and stepped inside again. I went back upstairs to my own room and went inside. I waited for him to come back and knock on my door, he never did. 

I got my stuff together, pulled a few of the flowers from their vases and left the room. I walked down to the front desk. The guy at the desk had a big grin on his face, I was sure he was in on the whole flower thing.

I walk over to him and told him to make sure the flowers were enjoyed, place them around the lobby or something I told him. He grinned and said he would, "It was a pleasure." He said. 

I walked out into the sunlight. I felt a little weak, a little lonely. I thought that this would make me feel less lonely, but it had not. I thought about Elliot and our time together and I did manage to smile. Sure I missed him already but the time we spent was spectacular! I would never forget it.

I looked at the tickets again, June 2nd. That was the flight date. He asked me to think about it. Who was he kidding!? I didn't have to give it a second thought, OF COURSE I WOULD BE THERE! I couldn't wait. I began counting the days right then. Just a few months...how could I stand it!? 

I drove off and decided to shop! Why not? He told me to indulge, that's exactly what I planned to do!