 We walked into the lobby and towards the elevators. He pushed the up button and as the doors opened he was directly behind me, pushing himself up against my back. As soon as the doors were open he forced me inside. It wasn't a violent push, more of a rushing me inside. The doors closed and before I could turn around he had pushed me up against the wall and had his hands on both my breasts. He kissed my neck and shoulders. He was rubbing my tits and kissing all over my shoulders and neck. 

He quit suddenly and let out a long, loud sigh, more of a whimper. He laid his head on my shoulder and held me. He seemed to melt into me. We stood there for a few minutes and then he turned me around. He was strong but not forceful he put both of his hands on my face and once again, pushed me against the wall. He kissed me, plunging his tongue into my mouth, his tongue exploring my entire mouth. He was moaning and breathing hard. He seemed to be devouring me, like he couldn't get enough. 

I threw my arms around him; I stroked the back of his head and grabbed his ass. I slammed his crotch into mine and started gyrating against his cock. I could feel it grow immediately. He stopped kissing me and rested his head on my chest his hands found their way to my breasts again as he pulled at my top and bra. He managed to expose my nipple over the edge of my top and I pushed his head down towards it, letting him know I wanted him to suck it, he did. He sucked it into his mouth tenderly. He pulled at the other breast and managed to have both nipples exposed. "Oh my," he moaned "such nice tits, mmmmm" he was moaning as he continued suckling my nipples. 

He was caressing my tits and sucking my nipples, licking all around them. He laid his head between them face down and breathed heavily. "Ummmm, God!" He panted, "I can't stand it." The doors opened, we were back at the lobby, we hadn't even pushed the floor button. We looked at each other and began to laugh. I think I saw a tear in his eye and I was confused. He reached over and pushed 5, the doors closed once again. I threw myself into his arms. I kissed him passionately and pushed him against the wall. He smiled, his lips against mine and we kissed. We still had our lips pressed against one another's as the doors opened again.

We managed to tear ourselves apart and he reached for our jackets, swooping them up as we hurried from the elevator. I started to walk towards the right and he pulled me back, almost as if we were dancing, turning me, into his arms. I laughed and he walked me down the hallway with his arm wrapped around my waist. We came to his door and he opened it with his keycard. He held the door as I walked inside. There was a light on in the corner and the TV was going. I walked in and quickly removed my shoes. As soon as the door was closed he removed his tie, unbuttoned his shirt and came over to me. I sat down on the bed.

He came over to me and sat down on his knees, right in front of me. He opened my legs. He ran his hands up along my outer thighs all the way up to my hips, under my skirt. He laid his head in my lap and just stayed like that for a minute. I reached down and put my hands on his head. I was stroking his head and reached down to remove the hair tie holding his hair in a ponytail. I ran my fingers through his hair. He leaned up just a little and pushed me back on the bed. 

He then slid my skirt up exposing my pussy. "Oh my, that's so sweet" he said admiring my shaved pussy. "I knew it would be smooth, I had hoped anyway." At once he had his face buried in my crotch. He licked between my lips and slid his tongue deep into my hole. He pushed my legs up giving him access to my cunt and ass. "Oh my God, mmmmm so nice." He moaned. He was sitting there on his knees just looking at me, at my pussy, at my ass.

He stood up and straightened my legs; he placed them on his shoulders and reached down to the tops of my stockings. He pulled at one stocking at a time, sliding the stockings off. He rubbed my feet sliding his fingers in between each of my toes. He tickled my feet, making me giggle and squirm around. He grabbed my legs at the ankles holding them with one hand as he rubbed the backs of them. 

He slid his hands all the way down to my ass and then he slapped my ass. He slapped it hard, lifting me up off the bed. He then spread my legs again, letting them back down on the bed. He grabbed me under my arms and scooted me farther up to the top of the bed, as he lay on top of me.

He made his way between my legs and lay with his hard cock pushing down on my crotch. He kissed me and moved his hips as he pressed himself against me. He was on his knees again, in between my spread legs. He placed his hands at the bottom of my cami and pulled it up and over my head. He then reached behind me and unfastened my bra, as he did he bent down to lick at them. He had freed my tits and they sprang up, nipples very hard. As he sat there on his knees I wriggled down far enough to reach his belt. I undid his belt and unzipped his pants. I slid his pants down as far as they could go in this position.

I could see how hard he was. His cock peaking out from the top of his briefs. I pulled them down quickly and it sprang out at me. I was very impressed. He had a large, thick impressive cock. His balls and pubic area were shaved smooth, I like that. It was very appetizing. I tried lifting him, just enough to let him know that's what I wanted him to do. I slid down under him so that his cock was close to my face. 

I lifted my head and put the head into my mouth. "Oh dear God!" He shouted. "Yes put it in your mouth, mmmmm, oh yeah." He was trembling. I licked his balls and sucked them, one at a time into my mouth as I stroked his dick. I could hear him gasp, "sssssssss...mmmmmmmmmm" I put it back in my mouth and fondled his balls as I sucked on his prick. It isn't easy getting much of it in my mouth at this angle, but he didn't seem to mind. I scooted myself out from under him and told him to lie down. He did as I said.

He lay on the bed, dick sticking straight up at me. I stepped next to the bed and slid my skirt down. He reached over and fondled at my pussy. I stepped away. I picked up my stockings from the floor and climbed on the bed. I straddled him, my cunt almost in his face. I reached over took one of his arms and tied it to the headboard, I did the other as well. There he laid, flat on his back, hands tied to the headboard...completely at my mercy. 

"Ah, just where I want you." I teased him "now, where to start...hmmmm?" I climbed up close to the head of the bed and sat up on my knees. I put my pussy right on his face and then lifted myself up. He strained to stick his tongue out as far as he could, stretching his neck out, barely reaching my cunt. 

I scooted back down. I started to kiss his neck and lick it. I stuck my tongue into his ear and breathed into it deeply. I licked all around his neck and chest sucking on his nipples. His chest was hairy and strong. He must work out, I thought to myself. I squeezed his chest and bit his nipples. I worked my way down, down his chest and stomach. I slid his pants down and off. I opened his legs and slid between them. 

I slammed his cock down my throat swallowing it. "Awwgggggg, DAMN!" he screamed "AaaaaaHhhhhhh fuck yes!" I sucked his big dick, swallowing it, sucking it, devouring it. He was arching his back and bucking around. He started to move his hips in rhythm with my sucking him. I stroked and sucked as he fucked my face. 

He was moaning and sucking his breath in deeply. "Oh my God, you suck my cock so good!" he was saying "Swallow it baby, swallow my dick, let me feel it down your throat." With his encouragement I deep throated his big hard cock. I could feel it start to throb as he began to moan. I didn't want him to cum yet so I stopped.

He relaxed into the bed. He was grabbing at the stockings wrapped around his hands. "Whew, ummm you are incredible." He told me "Come here, kiss me now." I crawled up to him and planted one on his mouth. I was squirming around on top if him and could feel his cock between my legs, rubbing against my ass. I began to slide up and down on it. "I want to fuck you." He said, "Fuck me." "Untie me, please." 

I shook my head and grinned as I slid his hard dick into my pussy. He was big and my cunt was tight. I just put the head of it in me. I squeezed it with my pussy and kissed him deeply, he moaned in my mouth. I slid down farther and farther until his entire cock was inside me. "Mmmmmmm" he groaned "Aaggghhhhh" 

I sat up and started fucking him. I was raising myself up and back down on him, slowly and methodically. He closed his eyes and bit his bottom lip snickering. I started to fuck him harder, bouncing up and down, I was riding him. I started to moan with him. It was so good. His hard cock inside me. "Um, oh, you need to untie these!" he cried, "I have to touch you, feel you." 

I reached up and did as he said. He grabbed me almost before I could finish untying him. He grabbed me and flipped us over so that he was on top. He began to pound my cunt. He was so strong, so powerful. He grabbed my legs and wrapped them around his waist. He moved to the edge of the bed and sat up, me sitting on his cock in his lap. He started bouncing me up and down, slamming me down onto his dick. "Ohhhhh, damn!" I screamed "It's so big, so hard, AHHHHH" "is it good?" I asked him "you like fucking my pussy?"

"Oh hell yes!" he said "I love fucking that hot pussy." He picked me up, with his dick still buried in my cunt. He laid me back on the bed and lay on top of me. We fucked some more and then he looked into my eyes..."Can I put it in your ass?" he asked "I want to fuck you up the ass." "Please let me feel your tight asshole wrapped around my cock."

"This is your night," I told him "I'm here for you, all for you." And I kissed him again, passionately. He pulled himself out slowly and began to place his dick at the opening to my ass. He pushed it in slowly, a little at a time. "SSSSSSSS, UMMMM, it's SO Big, AAGGGGG, UHHHHH" I moaned. Then it was in and he just lay there, buried deep in my ass. I was tensing and loosening the grip my asshole had around his cock. He seemed to collapse. I felt all the strength in his body seem to drain as he gasped in ecstasy. 

He seemed to stay there for quite sometime, just enjoying how it felt, and then he started to move. He started sliding his huge rod in and out of my tight hole. My eyes rolled back in my head. It was amazing; his cock was so big in my ass. It hurt, a little bit, but felt so good at the same time. "You like that don't you?" I asked "You like having your big dick deep in my ass, don't you?"

"Oh yeah!" he said "I love fucking that tight ass." "You like it?" he questioned me "you like my big dick deep in your ass?" He grabbed my ass by both cheeks and slammed into me. He was fucking me hard and laughing "FUCK YEAH BABY!" "THAT ASS IS SOOOOOO FUCKING GOOD!!!!!" He was slamming me. Then he was studdering..."Ggggaawwddd...yyeeeesss." I I I am going ttttooooo ccccome!" "Oh yeah here it comes, here it COMES!" 

He jumped up, pulled his cock out of my ass with a pop and shot his cum all over me. There was sooooo Much! He was jacking it and moaning and groaning as he sprayed his load all over my tits and belly. "Damn, YES! YES!" He was screaming.

I just lay there, smiling up at him. I was giggling. My heart was pounding just watching him, admiring my "work." I was very pleased. He finished his load off and collapsed on top of me. "MMMMMMMMMM FUCK, FUCK!" "Damn girl that was fucking AWESOME." He laid his head on my tummy, right in his cum. He didn't seem to mind. I stroked his head and ran my fingers through his hair again. 

I heard his breath change and then a snore. I smiled. He was soooo sweet. I thought to myself how gentle yet strong he was. I grinned to myself being pleased at giving him such pleasure. I worked my way slowly out from under him. I started to get off the bed and he grabbed my arm. 

"I'm sorry." He said, "I am just drained." He didn't even open his eyes. I got down on my knees next to the bed. I looked into his face and kissed his mouth, brushing his hair back. 

"You have absolutely nothing to apologize for, lover." I told him "Nothing at all, you were wonderful." I kissed him again. 

I pulled the covers on the bed down from underneath him and covered him up. I started to pick up my clothes. "Stay." He whispered, "Please stay here tonight, with me." "I want to feel you next to me as I sleep." I looked down at him looking so relaxed and thought, why not. 

"Ok" I whispered back at him "Just his once." He reached out to me and I climbed into bed next to him. I snuggled up behind him and spooned in next to him. He rolled over and put his arm around me. I tickled his beard and rubbed his face gently. "You owe me one, ya know?" I said to him playfully.

"Ummmm yeah I know, you definitely have yours coming." He said. Shortly afterwards he drifted off to sleep. I climbed out of bed. I knew he was out of it and I would be able to move without waking him. I had to pee. I went into the bathroom, went pee and then using one of the washcloths, cleaned myself up. I wiped his dried cum off my tits and belly. My ass was burning from his pounding, but it was pleasurable. 

I washed with the hot sudsy water and it felt so good. I sat there on the toilet seat, rubbing my pussy with the washcloth. I remembered how he made me feel, important, desirable, and sexy. I was getting wet all over again. I kept rubbing myself with the hot cloth and soon my clit was very engorged. I stuck a finger in my hot cunt and fingered myself to orgasm, just thinking about my new lover.

I came and came. I was convulsing as I flooded juices from my pussy. There was so much that it was in a puddle on the floor. I almost fell when I tried to stand. I was weak in the knees. I steadied myself and grabbed a towel to throw on the floor; it was all I had the energy to do. 

I wet the cloth again and cleaned myself once again. I walked around and turned off the TV and lights. I slid under the covers again and cuddled up next to him. He wrapped his arm around me and kissed my forehead, "I love you." He muttered. 

I was shocked for a moment. I didn't really hear that, right? He must be dreaming, I thought...dreaming about his wife or someone else. How can you love someone you just met? I rested my head on his chest, my arm draped over him. I was dosing off and I could have sworn I heard him mutter under his breath "Oh Kinki, I love you." 

...I fell asleep...