 You might want to read my first story for the background. After Danna I had a few dates that didn't last longer than an hour. One day I get a message from an attractive lady named Pam. Looking at her profile she is in the same industry as me but she is in HR for her company. We chat back and forth and decided to see each other at a bar next week Friday.

The build up to that week was interesting as we found several common friends. Our texting started to turn sexual when she sent me a text reading, "I hope you won't be disappointed when you see me. I have loss some weight since the pictures and some of the weight was in my boobs. I am now a small B!"

I replied "You know what they say, anything more than a mouthful is a waste."

From there things accelerated quickly to things we like sexually. By the time our date arrived I felt like I knew her for a long time and I hoped it would lead to more dates to explore her desires in bed.

We met at an outside bar. There was no awkwardness and we 3 a light kiss on the lips. She was cute. Long wavy black hair. Dark brown eyes. About 5' 3" and 135 lbs. Nice smile. She looked very good for the age of 46. She was right about not having much for boobs. But size is not an issue for me. I enjoy the response I get from a woman when I play with their breasts. 

The conversation flowed easily along with the drinks. Pam was sitting close to me. I was holding my drink in front of me chest high when she leaned in and whispered in my ear "I think you are very handsome."

When she did this I felt her breast against my hand and I stroked my little finger across the front of her bra and I felt her nipple grow hard instantly. 

"You are a naughty boy!"

Smiling, "I like being a naughty boy."

She leaned in and gave me a couple of kisses giving me a chance to stroke her nipple some more. I could feel a stirring in my loins.

When she pulled back I could see both her nipples poking through her blouse. I smiled and said, "You are either cold, or you like me teasing you."

We were sitting at the bar but back at the end so we were not really out in the open. She looked around then ran her hand up my thigh and squeezed my half hard cock. 

"You look like you are enjoying it too."

My cock twitched to her touch. It grew harder. I glanced down and I could see a perfect outline of my cock as it grew. I would normally been embarrassed but the booze removed that possibility.

I leaned in and whispered in her ear. "You are making me very horny."

As I said this I slipped my little finger inside her blouse and down her bra and stroked her hard nipple. Her hand moved to my cock and squeezed it until I pulled back.

This teasing went on for another hour. It was starting to get a bit dark and we decided we should call it a night and save some of the fun for our next date.

I walked her to her car. She had parked at the back of the lot right next to me. That worked out nice.

We started to say our good byes with some gentle kissing and light pecks as I held her in my arms. I moved my right hand up and gently massaged her right breast. 

"You are being a naughty boy again."

"Let me know when I should stop."

"Okay, I will. But not for a while anyway as, it's been a long time since I have been touched by a man."

I undid two top buttons of her blouse and slid my hand down inside of her bra. She stood there and closed her eyes letting out a slight moan of "Mmmm."

Her nipple was rock hard and a good half inch poking out. I cupped her breast and rolled her nipple between my fingers. I wanted to see and feel her breast. 

It was pretty dark now and nobody was around. I pulled the cup to her bra down exposing one breast. There before me was her sexy little tit. Her dark brown areola was small as it seemed to all go into her hard nipple.

She continued to just stand there with her eyes closed moaning quietly. My tongue longed for a taste of her hard nipple. I leaned in and licked it lightly a few times before sucking it into my hungry mouth.

"Oh fuck, that feels goooood."

I released her nipple from my mouth with a little pop from me sucking on it. I leaned back against her car and pulled her into me and kissed her deeply for the first time. I pulled her hips in tight so she could feel my hard cock against her pussy.

She started to grind on my cock as we kissed and I played with her one naked tit. I could feel the pressure building up in my cock right away. I was close to cumming. I gently pushed her off from me.

"I am about to cum in my pants. We need to slow down."

"Mmmm I like to know I turn you on. How about we get a little more private in the back seat of my car?"

I agreed. Once in the back seat of her car we started kissing and feeling each other. I slid my hand up the back of her blouse and unhooked her bra giving me better access to her tits that were begging for my attention. 

As I sucked and played with her nipples her hand was working on undoing my pants. It didn't take long before she had freed my cock from the tight confines of my pants. 

She barley took a couple of strokes before she broke off our kiss and hungrily devoured my cock into her mouth.

It was my turn to moan with pleasure. "Oh fuck Pam that feels great."

She took my cock deep and held it there while she stroked the bottom part of my shaft. She pulled off and put her lips around the head of my cock and swirled her tongue around the head. I started to feel myself ready to cum. She took me deep again and I put my hand on the back of her head as I started to fuck her nice warm mouth.

I couldn't help it and didn't have time to warn her. I shot a big load into her throat. She gagged a bit and she swallowed. Taking me out of her mouth she continued to stroke my cock hard and fast spraying my seed all over the both of us and the car seat. 

My cock started to go soft as she emptied the last of my seed out of me. I kissed her deeply and slid my hand up her skirt. I could feel the heat of her hot pussy through her panties. Pushing them aside I slid my finger in her hot wet pussy. 

I found her G spot and it was already enlarged and rippled. I stroked her G spot until she was in a deep state of arousal. Keeping my middle finger on her G spot I rubbed her clit with my thumb. Her body jerked as waves of pleasure flowed through her body. She came hard on my hand.

"Holly Fuck, what did you do to me? I have never had an orgasm like that before." She said.

"I am glad you liked it." I replied.

We started to kiss a little then it turned into deep kissing with me playing with her hard nipples.

My cock was hard again. We switched positions so now she was straddling my lap. Pulling her soaked panties to the side she guided my cock into her warm moist love tunnel. 

The anticipation was too much for me. I thrust my hips up and buried cock deep into her. I could feel her cervix against the head of my cock as I held there and she was grinding her hips on me. I pushed her bra up and sucked her nipple into my mouth. I lightly pinched the other one. It seemed the harder I pinched it and nibbled on the other one the more she enjoyed it as she started to grind harder and faster.

I decided to try something different. I pulled back and took both her nipples between my finger tips and started to tug and pinch them. 

The effect and reaction was immediate. She started to fuck me harder. She leaned back causing her breasts to become elongated pyramids. She supported herself with one hand. The other hand she moved to my balls and was fondling them. 

I was close to my orgasm when she yelled out, "Fuck, fuck fuck fuck fuck." She came hard put her head on my shoulder and held my as her body shuttered as I thrust 4 hard times in her then shooting my seed deep inside her. 

We held each other not saying a word. I could feel our love juices running down my cock, onto my balls then car seat.

As I became limp she pulled herself off from me. 

Pam looked at me and smiled and said, "I can't believe that just happened. People would never believe two professional people in a respected profession could be so naughty!"

We cleaned up the best as we could and kissed good night and went our separate ways. I got a text from her that night saying, "Thanks for waking up my womanhood. Sweet dreams."

I replied, "The pleasure was all mine."

We got together 3 days later at her place. Something had happened but neither one of us felt the spark like we did before. We agreed it was a good time but we were going to move on.

Stay tuned for online date 3. It was a roller coaster ride for 6 months.