 I had just started the new job when I was asked to go to Maine for some training. I have never really done much traveling by myself and was a little reluctant at the thought. What would I do with my down time all by myself? Then I remembered Dan. Oh I haven't talked to him in a while and I realized that he could be my tour guide while I was in Maine. So I emailed him to give him my itinerary and see what he had to say. He seemed happy at the idea of meeting me but a little reluctant at the same time. I didn't blame him. I felt the same but at the same time, an excitement grew in me at meeting this man I had been chatting with and seemed to have so much in common. 

The next day I packed my bag and was on my way. I was really nervous on the plane ride. I'm not a very good traveler by myself. By the time I landed I was going to need some serious downtime. I think I had 4 or 5 mini drinks during the ride. By the time we landed I was a little tipsy but feeling good. 

After I got my bags, I started towards the taxi area when I heard someone calling my name. I turned around and there was Dan. We had shared pictures on line so we would know who to look for when we finally met. I had no idea he was going to meet me at the airport. I was so excited to see him I dropped my bags right there and grabbed him. We stood in the middle of the airport just hugging each other like we were long lost lovers. Finally he grabbed by bags and with the other hand grabbed my hand and pulled me towards the parking garage. 

When we finally made it to the car Dan asked me where I wanted to go. I told him that it would be great to go out and get a few drinks since I was still a little nerve wrecked about the plane ride. But explained to him that he would have to not let me drink too much because I was already a little tipsy from what I had on the plane. 

As he started to pull out of the garage I dosed off. I was so tired after the flight and just needed a little cat nap before hanging out for the rest of the night. Dan must have thought I needed to end the day because when I woke up to his lips on mine, I realized we were at my hotel. 

"What are we doing here?", I asked, a little confused but relived at the same time. 

"Well I figured after your flight and how fast you passed out, you needed to get some rest", Dan said with a little look of disappointment in his eyes. 

"No I'm ok, really, but it would be good to at least get unpacked and ready for tomorrow". 

I didn't want to end the day so soon. I would get unpacked and then see how I felt about going out, or just hanging at the hotel bar for a little while chatting with this sexy man I had in my possession. 

"Let me go upstairs and get settled and I'll meet you in the lounge in about 30 minutes, ok sweetie?" I said looking into those beautiful eyes of his. 

"Take your time babe", he said.

Dan parked the car and took my bags to the counter for me while I talked to the service person about getting the key to my room. When I turned around to thank him, he was gone already. I felt a slight drop in the pit of my stomach when I realized he was gone but then thought......I would see him later.

I went up to my room and unpacked as quickly as I could. I took a very quick shower in anticipation of things to come later in the evening. I made sure to put on my favorite scented perfume all over and shaved myself bare. I put on my cutest little cleavage creating bra and my new crotchless panties. I grabbed a short little skirt and my lowest cut blouse and headed downstairs. 

While in the elevator I think I felt every emotion imaginable. I was nervous, what if after spending some time with me he realized he didn't like me? Anticipation of what would happen if we hit it off and he ended up back in my room? All these emotions felt so good coursing through my veins at the same time. It felt like a total high. I couldn't wait to get downstairs. 

DING........the elevator doors opened and there I was, back in the lobby across from the hotel's bar.

I slowly walked into the bar. I looked around but couldn't see Dan. I wondered if I took too long and he left. Maybe he changed his mind about spending time with me. I was just about to leave when I felt and arm around my waist and saw a rose at my breast. 

I turned around and received the most passionate kiss from a man I had only met online and a few minutes in an air port. It was as if we were long lost lovers seeing each other for the first time in years. 

He led me to a booth in the corner away from every one else. It was very secluded and private, great for 2 people who didn't want to be seen. There on the table was a bottle of champagne and strawberries with whipped cream. I wonder what was on his mind tonight. 

We talked for hours about relationships and our jobs, things we discussed on Literotica. Everything under the sun, while feeding each other strawberries and toasting glasses of champagne. Every once in a while he would put his hand on my thigh and push it up to where he could feel that I was serious about the crotchless panties that night. He was teasing me something awful but I loved every second of it. 

After a few hours I was feeling pretty tipsy and could tell he was as well. 

"Dan, I know this is probably inappropriate but you are more then welcome to come up to my room and stay for the night. Nothing has to happen and I have 2 beds so we can both sleep comfortably". 

"I think I'll pass", Dan said.

I must have looked really disappointed because he pulled me close and give me a huge hug. 

"I totally understand Dan but I don't want you to leave with all the booze we have had. At least let me sit here with you for a while, while we have some coffee and sober up a bit." I didn't want him drinking and driving. 

"I think that would be ok." He said and we called the waiter over to the table. 

After another hour we were as sober as we were going to get with coffee. 

"Guess I should get up to my room and get some sleep." I said, with a touch of disappointment in my voice.

"Let me at least walk you to your room Heather."

DING the elevator was at my floor already. Why did it seem to take forever going down to meet Dan but when leaving him it was an express?

When we got to my room, my hands were shaking. It took 2 or 3 times to get the stupid card into the slot to unlock the door. When the door swung open, Dan threw me up against the wall in the room and started kissing me. The door slammed shut while he had me up against the wall. 

"I thought you had to leave?" I said, panting for breath. 

"Nah...I just wanted to see those puppy dog eyes when I said I couldn't stay." Dan said with a gleam in his eyes. 

He grabbed me and pulled me over to the bed. He sat on the bed in front of me, wrapped his arms around my waist and unzipped my skirt. It fell to the floor. 

"Unbutton your shirt and throw it on the chair!" he said as he leaned back on the bed to watch. 

I slowly unbutton my shirt to show off my nice new bra I bought just for this occasion. 

He just stared at me for a few seconds. I stood there in nothing but my bra and crotchless panties. I was getting a little self conscious when he grabbed me by the wrist and threw me on the bed. He stripped himself down and sat himself between my legs. 

Taking a hold of my ankles he pulled my legs apart and put them over his shoulders. He then leaned down and started teasing my pussy with his tongue. I was writhing in pleasure but there was nothing I could do to return the favor. The sucking and nibbling on my labia was driving me crazy. Then I felt the softness of his tongue enter my pussy and start licking around. OH MY GOD. I thought I was going to go insane. It all felt so good. Nothing I could have ever imagined. 

Finally he got next to me and kissed up my stomach to my breasts, where he nibbled and sucked on my nipples so hard I thought I would scream, but in a good way. 

When he got to my lips I could taste my juices on him. I didn't think this would turn me on as much as it did. When he finally stopped, I turned us over so that now I was on top of him. He seemed to like this idea because he had the largest shit eating grin on his face. Now it was his turn to be teased and I think he liked that idea. 

I kissed his earlobes.....nibbling on them for a little while, while using my hands to make his nipples hard. I squeezed and pinched them until I heard him moaning. I then went down to them with my lips and started licking them ever so gently. 

While I was playing with his nipples, I had my wet hot pussy hovering right over his rock hard cock. It was turning me on to know it was so close but I wanted to tease him as much as he had me. Every once in a while I would stroke myself across his cock to hear him moaning.

"Ohhh Heather.....fuck me now."

I would just smile and keep going. I kissed down his stomach and to his member, being every so cautious not to touch him. I knew how sensitive he was and the smallest little touch could make him go off. 

I licked his thighs and his scrotum. I sucked on his balls, one at a time, taking each one into my mouth. I could hear him moaning for more. That made me even more wet. To hear a man begging, how much hotter could it get? 

I looked up at him from his rock hard cock and opened wide. I took the full length of his cock in my mouth until it touched the back of my throat. Then I closed my mouth around it and sucked and licked him until he was bucking under my head. I could feel his hand getting tangled in my hair and he grabbed me to fuck my face even harder. 

I had my hands cupping his balls and as soon as they started to tense up, I let go of everything. I looked up at him and he had this look of total disappointment on his face. 

"I just wanted to see those puppy dog eyes." I said in my totally sarcastic tone. 

He grabbed me by the neck and pulled me close to his mouth. He kissed me hard then flipped me over so I was on all fours. 

He grabbed my waist and before I was ready, he plunged into me hard. I screamed for him. 

"OH GOD DAN, that feels so good. Please don't stop!!!"

He thrust harder and faster, pumping every inch of his hard cock into my aching pussy. It had been so long since I have been fucked so hard and I loved every minute of it. 

I could feel him getting ready to unload so I tensed my muscles between my legs to make sure to squeeze him extra hard every time he thrusted.

"OH man, I'm going to cum Heather!!" 

"Please let me feel your hot juices in me Dan!!!"

I could feel him unloading in me and it felt so good. I could hear his breathing slowing down and knew he was finished, and probably exhausted. 

We both fell over onto the bed and lay next to each other until we fell asleep. 

It was the best night's rest I had gotten in years. 

The next morning the phone rang. 

"Hello?" I answered. 

"Heather, this is Tina at the receptionist desk downstairs. Your meetings have been cancelled for the day."

"Great thanks a lot." I said. 

I rolled over and saw that Dan was still sound asleep. I got up, got freshened up and got back into bed. He must have felt my body because he rolled over and wrapped his arms around me but he was still asleep. 

"Hum...wonder what I can do all day now that the training is cancelled?" I thought, as I slowly let myself fall back to sleep in Dan's arms.