 Erin sat at her desk, staring idly at the mocking silence of her messenger program. For months she had been drawing George out, teasing him, and now he had disappeared. She hadn't heard from him all week and she felt oddly disquiet about it. Erin was loathe to admit that she was addicted to his nightly chats, but here she sat staring at a computer screen.

Half a dozen states away, George sat in a similar fashion, debating what he should do. On one hand he enjoyed the excitement of his online flirtation with AngelEyze (as Erin was known), on the other he was frightened by the intense emotions that welled up in him when he heard the now too familiar chime of an incoming message. 

George reached over, and grasped the mouse, resolutely clicking the button to begin a chat session. He couldn't wait any longer. He hadn't talked with Erin in a week and he was feeling depressed. It was almost like an addiction he thought.

When she heard the chime of an incoming message she jerked upright and a smile lit her face when she saw it was Tokath. Erin felt a tingling sensation between her legs and smiled even wider.

Tokath: Hey Angel! I've missed you.

AngelEyeze: Hey Tok, where ya been? I've had to troll the net for fresh meet to replace you!  (J/K)

Tokath: ROFL, sure you have. I've been thinking though, what are we doing?

AngelEyeze: Having fun! That's what it's all about. Don't you want to have fun with me?

Tokath: Yeah, I do...

Erin decided she better act quickly because it seemed as if George was getting cold feet. It took her a lot of work to get him to the place he was at, and there was no way she was going to let him get away.

AngelEyeze: I got those pics you sent me this morning, they were yummy. I really like red.

Tokath: I'm wearing the red one's now.

AngelEyeze: Mmmmmm.....I wish I were there right now, I'd like to see that. Take your pants off.

Tokath: What? Are you crazy?

AngelEyeze: Nope, take 'em off right now.

George sat back in his chair and wondered what to do. She would never know if he did it or not, but this was something new. All the flirtation of the previous months had been intense, but she'd never asked him to do something overt like this.

"What the hell, he decided, it might be fun," and he unbuttoned the pants, and tossed them on the floor by his chair.

Tokath: They are off....

AngelEyeze: Now the shirt, take it off, I want you to wearing only those silky red briefs. I want to make you hard.

Tokath: Ok it's off, but what about you?

AntelEyeze: What do you want me to do?

Tokath: You know....

AngelEyeze: No, you have to tell me. It's part of the game. 

Erin wasn't wearing much anyway, but she wanted to make George say it. She was tired of the innuendo and teasing. She was horny as hell and wanted to cum, and she wanted George to make her cum. He was just going to have to lose this prudish streak and get with the program.

Tokath: I don't know, I've never done this ...

AngelEyeze: I know, lover, but don't you want to have fun? Now tell me what to do.

Tokath: umm....errr...take off your shirt.

Erin grinned, and grabbed her tank top by the hem and drew it over her head, enjoying the feeling of the cold air on her nipples. She rarely wore a bra because she liked it when her nipples rubbed against the material of her shirt. Her nipples were very responsive, and she loved having them licked and nibbled...something she had shared with George during some of their late night sessions.

AngelEyeze: Mmmm....I took it off, and my nipples are already hard. I want to feel your tongue on them Tok.

Tokath: If I were there, you could have it. I want you so bad. I think I would do anything you asked.

AngelEyeze: I want you to reach down and stroke your cock. 

George hesitated again, but only slightly this time, he was too consumed by his lust at this point. He reached down and began to tease the top of his dick through the silky fabric of the briefs. He imagined that it was Erin's hand and not his own.

Tokath: If I have to do this, then you have to do what I say too.

Erin's heart leapt for joy, this was exactly what she'd been waiting for. With one hand she began to pull at her nipple, teasing it until it was as hard as it could possibly get. With the other she typed out:

AngelEyeze: I can hardly wait, what do you want?

Tokath: Put your hand down your pants and rub your pussy. 

Erin stuck her hand into the waistband of her cotton shorts, feeling the silky coolness of her panties beneath her finger tips. Slowly she rubbed her crotch with her hand, tracing the outline of her mound with a finger teasing the slit between her legs.   "God," she thought, "I'm already wet." She was getting into it, rubbing up and down, then snaking a finger beneath the elastic enjoying the delicious feel of her own touch. She was brought out of her self induced reverie by the chiming of an incoming message.

Tokath: Are you wet?

AngelEyeze: Yessss....oh yesss....I need to take off the rest of these clothes...please...I want you naked too. I want you to think of me naked while you stroke that big dick of yours.

Tokath: Ok, go ahead and take the clothes off. 

Erin quickly took off the rest of her clothes, cursing herself once again for not buying that webcam when she had the chance. It would be so fun to watch each other masturbate. Settling back in her chair she began to rub her hand all over her pussy, teasing her clit with each stroke. Sticking her finger into her slit she brought it out and licked it clean.

AngelEyeze: I'm licking my fingers after they've been inside my cunt.

Tokath: Ohhh...ohhh...I wish I were there....

Erin thought that she wished the same thing! But she turned her attention back to the business at hand, as she began to rub her clit in circles. First slowly, gently, then increasing in pressure and tempo and suddenly backing off again until her hips were bucking in the chair.

CHIME

"What the F...." Erin began thinking, "Not now you idiot, not now"

Tokath: I'm cumming Angel, I'm cumming for you. Erin couldn't acknowledge him because she was experiencing waves of pleasure as her orgasm hit, and hit again, then again. 

AngelEyeze: Mmmm...uhhh...oooooooo....that was so good Tok, I want you here to lick my cum out of my pussy.

Tokath: Maybe one day Angel, maybe one day.

Erin sat at the computer naked, thinking of George and what she would do to him should they ever meet.

Grinning she said to no one in particular "Poor guy won't know what hit him when I'm done with him."