 Miranda straightened her dress, checking her hair and makeup in the mirror.  Her face was still flushed, but she didn't expect that to change.  Hot sex did that to a girl, she thought, shaking her head.  She still couldn't believe...

The bathroom door opened and she jumped.  Jake's head peeked in.  "Waiting in the hall by myself, sweetheart," he teased, "Are you ready yet?"  His cocky grin had her smiling.  He held out a hand and she took it.  His grin widened.  "Beautiful as ever," he said.

"You're full of..."  Her voice trailed off as the couple at the first table by the hallway snickered.  Jake's hand went to the small of her back as he guided her through the tables towards the door.  She trembled, realizing that these people knew...

"Envious," he murmured, walking a little closer behind her, "All of them are just jealous."  He nodded to a group as they passed, his hand warm and possessive.  Miranda's smile grew.  She saw the eyes looking her over and he was right.  Those that knew were envious.  She heard Jake's chuckle as the swing came back into her hips.  "Easy, baby," he growled teasingly, "I don't want competition tonight."

Miranda laughed, turning suddenly and catching his face in her hands.  She gave him a quick kiss before tugging him towards the door.  Her apartment seemed too far away.  Jake's sudden jerk on her arm made her gasp, then his mouth was on hers and she melted against him.  She was unaware of the hoots and cheers as his mouth claimed her in a hot kiss.  When he eased back, his eyes, dark and hot, met hers.  "Let's get you home," he murmured.

His arm was warm against her back as he escorted her out of the bar.  She shivered a little in the cool evening air and turned towards the parking lot.  Glancing over her shoulder at him, she said, "I'm parked just over here..."

As then rounded the corner of the building, Jake stopped suddenly.  "Tell me that ain't it," he laughed, pointing at an ancient Volvo.  The thing was dented in several places and an unfortunate shade of dirty white.  

Miranda sighed.  "It works...sort of."  She searched in her handbag for her keys.

"They need to pay grad students more," he commented, running his hand idly over the hood, "Makes us undergrads not want to go to grad school."

Miranda's answer never left her lips as she watched him circle the car, watched his hands slide over the dented metal.  His body made her mouth water, the loose gait emphasizing his lean build, his comfort with his surroundings.  She remembered how easily he'd held her as he'd thrust...Her legs felt weak as her core quivered.  He leaned back against the car and just looked at her.  "You okay?" he asked, concerned.

She realized she was staring...but what she'd been seeing wasn't Jake, it was the possibilities for the rest of the evening.  "You do know how to drive, right?"  She was surprised how breathy her voice sounded.

Jake cocked his head with a smirk.  "You want me to drive this thing?"

Miranda jingled the keys in her hands.  "Think of it as a steed," she suggested.

"To carry the princess home?" his smirk became a grin, "Are you looking for a knight in shining armor?  Or do I get to be the dastardly villain?"  "  Now there was an interesting fantasy.  He wondered if she had any corsets...or if he could bind her hands and have complete control.

Miranda laughed.  "Oh, my lord, please rescue me," she murmured, stepping closer, "You will be suitably rewarded..."  

Jake held out his hand and she dropped the keys onto his palm.  "I expect to be amply rewarded," he growled, his free hand snaking around her back and pulling her close.  She pressed against him, rocking her hips against his, feeling him harden against her belly.

"All night, my lord," she purred, leaning in to brush her lips over his.  

Jake's fingers closed around the key ring.  "Get in the car, wench," he ordered, his voice husky and rough, "Or I'll take my reward here."  He loosened his arm to let her step back.  

Her heels clicked on the pavement as she rounded the car to the passenger side.  Jake took a deep breath before opening the driver's door and sliding into the car.  He reached for the seatbelt as he slid the key into the ignition...and found a cord in its place.  He gave Miranda a look.

She gave him a brilliant smile.  "Grad school is so much fun!"

Jake chuckled and started the car, wincing at the way the engine vibrated and coughed.  Now he'd have images of her broken down on the side of the road stuck in his head.  He backed out carefully and stopped at the edge of the lot.

"Left," Miranda murmured, leaning close to him.  "I stay at the Watership Apartments on Third."

Jake nodded, thinking it felt nice to have her head on his shoulder...and her hand slide over his thigh.  He concentrated on the road, trying to ignore the warmth of her hand sliding up and down his thigh.  His pants were growing a little tight as her fingers brushed over his inner thigh for a moment.  Did she know...?

Miranda sighed, hiding a smile.  She could feel the tension growing in him.  Poor boy, she thought, seeing his hands tighten on the steering wheel.  She had such plans for him.

Jake cleared his throat as her fingers moved higher and brushed the bulge in his pants lightly.  His cock swelled and throbbed and he was torn between he need to concentrate on driving and wanting her to touch him some more.  "Ummm, Miranda," he finally managed, coasting to a stop at a red light.  He looked over as she lifted her head and saw the sparkle in her eyes.  Hot damn.

"I'm...hot."  She leaned close enough to whisper it in his ear, her hand cupping his cock through his jeans.  Jake trembled, but the light changed to green and the car behind them honked, so he stepped on the gas.

"So'm I," he mumbled, his hips jerking as she undid his fly, "Miranda..."  His hands were clenched on the steering wheel, his eyes staring at the road blindly, as her fingers slid under denim and stroked him.  The car behind honked again before zooming around him and off down the street.

"I'm...wet," she murmured, leaning down, her hand wrapping around his cock and easing it free.

"Damn, woman," Jake swerved suddenly into a parking deck and zoomed up the ramp.  He squealed around corners until he found an empty level and then shot into a parking space, slamming the car into park.  Miranda just laughed as she lowered her head and slid her lips over his head.

Jake groaned as she sucked his tip, her hands tugging his pants open wider.  Then she reached across him and he felt back as the seat back tilted.  "Miranda..."

She lifted her head a moment and gave him a hungry look.  "I couldn't wait," she grinned, "I hope you don't mind."  And she lowered her head again to take him deep into her wet mouth.

Jake couldn't manage any words as she swallowed his cock, her throat muscles working around his head as she tried to suck.  Then she began to bob up and down, sliding him in and out of her wet embrace.  He groaned again, sliding a hand into her hair, his hips settling a little deeper in the seat as he spread his legs as far as they could go.  Talk about a fantasy...he'd never imagined this one, but it was definitely his favorite.

Miranda pressed her hands on him, one on his thigh, one on his hard stomach, balancing herself as she pressed his cock into her throat again and again.  She could hear the sounds he made, feel them rumbling in his belly, and knew he was enjoying this.  She loved the taste of him -- salty, musky, and that something that made him Jake.  She imagined him cumming in her throat, the rush of hot salty cream, and hummed in pleasure.  The hand from his thigh scooted up to tug on his fly again.

She worked the denim under his balls, stroking her fingers over his hard flesh, hearing him grunt.  She smirked, lifting her head to suck his head, tilting it to look at him.  He lay back on the seat, his eyes closed, his fingers working restlessly in her hair.  He was unshaven, the roughness of a day's beard on his jaw tempting her....no, she thought, remembering the thought of hot cum in her mouth.

Jake struggled to think around the burning pleasure in his groin.  Her fingers squeezed his balls gently and he felt his cock swelling, his orgasm too close.  He gasped in a breath and managed to shift and sit up a bit.  Miranda made a sound of protest, but kept sucking at his cock eagerly.  If he didn't...he clenched his jaw, fighting the urge to erupt.  He was not going to be the only one cumming if he could help it.

Jake slid the hand in her hair down over her back and pulled up her skirt.  She murmured something he didn't catch and shifted her hips back and forth.  He fumbled with his other hand and managed to open the passenger window, so a cool breeze wafted into the car.  Her head came up as it teased her wet pussy.  "Jake!"

He finally managed to breathe.  Her face was flushed, her lips swollen and wet and he wanted her desperately.  "As nice as your mouth is," he growled, "I want to feel your pussy wrapped around my cock."

She smirked.  "I was thirsty," she purred, stroking his thick erection as she leaned over and brushed her lips over his jaw.  The cool air that had surprised her now felt exquisite over her heated skin.  "I want you to cum in my mouth."  She licked her lips as if tasting him.

His breath stopped in his throat and he had to swallow hard.  "Miranda..."  The thought, the image had his balls tightening even more.  He reached down to grasp the base of his cock firmly, pressing the vein that throbbed so close to release.

Her lips pouted, but her eyes held a wicked promise.  She sat back on her heels, cocking her head and looking at him.  Fully dressed save for the dark red penis jutting from his groin, he was still the tastiest thing she'd seen.  But her pussy did quiver in need.  "Fine," she said and whipped her dress over her head.  Naked, she stretched as much as the car allowed, purring in pleasure.  She felt so good -- hot, needy, greedy.

Jake couldn't stop the groan as she shook out her hair and her breasts thrust towards him.  He reached for her, but she caught his hands, her eyes locking on his.  "It is your reward, after all," she smiled, pressing his hands back against the headrest above his head as she climbed onto his lap, straddling him.  "Keep them there for a minute," she ordered, letting go of his hands.  Jake stayed still and just watched hungrily as she grasped his cock in one hand and rocked her hips against him.  

His breath caught as she positioned his head at her opening and he felt her juices dribble down his shaft.  She was so wet, so hot, as she slowly lowered herself onto him, enveloping his throbbing penis a little at a time.  He could hear her panting softly as she took him in and he groaned as she shifted her hips, adjusting to the stretch of his thickness in her tight pussy.  His hands fisted as he fought the urge to shove her down onto him, to bury himself fully in her heated passage.  Finally, after what seemed like hours, her breath gasped out and he felt his head bump her core.

"Damn, Miranda," he rasped, "You feel so good."  He felt her inner muscles flutter around him and groaned.

"You're bigger this time," she managed, wiggling her hips to seat herself and making him groan even more.  She was overwhelmed by the feeling of him, throbbing in the core of her body, her heartbeat pounding the same rhythm in her head.  His hands reached out, cupped her ass, and she leaned forward to rest her hands on his upper arms.  "I need to ride," she panted, her eyes meeting his.  She saw the desire burning in his and felt her core clench.  She'd done that, she thought with a grin.

Jake saw the grin and answered it.  He gave her ass cheeks a squeeze as she began to move, rocking, sliding her pussy up and down his cock in the same way she'd used her mouth.  His cock throbbed and swelled under the friction of her hot pussy caressing his length.  Her breasts hung just above his mouth and he lunged up to capture her nipple.  She arched her back, crying out, her rhythm increasing as he began to suckle.

More, she needed more.  It was all she could think as she used her weight to drive his cock deep into her body.  Her pussy ached and burned for him, the stroke of his hard flesh against her inflaming her.  His mouth on her breast sent shivers through her.  She couldn't feel the breeze any longer, her body on fire with pleasure and need.

She was a dream, he thought fleetingly, as eager to fuck as he was to fuck her.  He'd never met a woman who enjoyed sex like Miranda did.  It had taken him a while to get her out of her shell, but he hadn't had sex like this in his wildest fantasies.  She was panting, whimpering, as she bounced on his bulging cock, her pussy tightening, her body flushed and damp.  He slid his hands over her, loving the curves of her, the feel of her soft hot skin.  

Miranda felt her climax an instant before it hit -- crying out as she arched, her weight driving him straight to her core.  Her pussy clamped around his cock, squeezing tight, as the pleasure spiraled tight inside her.  She heard Jake's roar, felt the hot splash of his release, and cried out again as everything inside her opened and gushed.

Jake gripped her hips tight, his eyes locked on her face as he watched the pleasure take her.  His own climax was ripped from his gut as he cried out and erupted like a geyser.  Again and again, he ejaculated, his cum mixing with her cream as she shuddered wetly and collapsed against him.  His hips kept jerking as he emptied himself into her, his cock pulsing.  Finally going limp, he managed to wrap his arms around her as he struggled to breathe.

Miranda shivered as the cool night air caressed her skin.  Without the heat of passion, it was a little chilly.  Jake's arms were strong, tight, around her and she shifted, shuddering again as his cock slipped and slid against her sensitive pussy.  Aftershocks rocked her and she whimpered, settling again.

"Give me a minute."  His voice was rusty, rough and breathless and she smiled.  He'd enjoyed it as much as she had.

She lifted her head, then shifted to lay her forearms on his chest and rest her chin on her hands.  "I enjoyed that," she purred, shifting her hips again to tease herself and grinning when he groaned softly.  He was no longer erect, but still solid and thick inside her.

"I did too," his eyes met hers, "That was an amazing reward."

"Oh, that wasn't the reward," she chuckled, "You have to drive me home to get that..."