 They are meeting for the first time today, after weeks of e-mails back and forth, describing their desires, their fantasies, increasing the sexual tension each has been feeling. They meet outside the restaurant and share a brief kiss, neither one knowing if they should take it further so soon. But it is a nice kiss, and they proceed into the restaurant. 

Their conversation is casual, talking about their families and their dreams of a better life, and their jobs. They both have other things on their minds -- she wants to feel his lips on hers again, he wants to caress her body -- but they are in a very public place and can only carry on their conversation, anticipating the time when they will both finish their food and they can once again return to the parking lot, away from the crowds of people at the tables surrounding them.

They reach her car and he bends toward her for another kiss, this time his arms wrapping around her body, drawing her closer to him as their lips touch. The kiss deepens and their tongues begin to tentatively play with each other as her hand goes around his neck and plays with his hair. Their kiss stops briefly as they quickly look into each other's eyes, and then their lips find one another again as the passion mounts within them. They know they must both return to work, but neither one can think of anything but how soft the other's lips are, and how they want for this moment to last forever. But, all too soon, they part and agree to see each other again.

The days pass until they can find a day when she can get away to be with him. They decide on the day, and both wait in sexual anticipation -- longing for the moment that their bodies will touch. She dreams of feeling his lips on hers again as his hands run up and down her sides, feeling the contours of her body. He fantasizes about tasting her for the first time, of sucking her nipples and tasting her sweet juices. Five Days -- they must force themselves to wait just five days -- until they can get lost in the bliss they know they will share.

Soon, the day has arrived. She wakens early, nervous and excited about their plans. She dresses casually -- slacks and a sweater, covering her black lace bra and thong panties -- the panties that will stay with him after today as a reminder of their union. She leaves her home just like on any other day, as if going to work this morning, but knowing that work is not her destination. It is all she can do to keep from breaking the speed limit as she drives down the highway toward his home.

Soon, though, she arrives and find herself knocking on his door. He opens his door, dressed in nothing but a robe, and takes her by the hand, pulling her inside. He gives her a quick but sensuous kiss, and then helps her remove her coat, tossing it across a nearby chair. He takes her hand again, and pulls him close to her, wrapping his arms around her body as their lips meet, this time in a lingering, passionate kiss. His hands begin caressing her back, hers go around his neck, as their kiss deepens and he begins to lightly lick her lips.

His hands are moving toward her breasts as their tongues began a passionate dance together. She feels weak and holds onto him for strength, fearing she will faint soon. She breaks away from his kiss and offers her neck to him. He slowly and sensuously licks and kisses her neck and her ears, causing soft moans to escape her lips. Her hands are roaming down his arms and back, and she can feel his mounting desire against her leg. He suddenly stops his ministrations on her neck and leads her into his bedroom, where he kisses her again for a moment or two. 

He steps back to look at her before reaching out and pulling her sweater over her head, revealing her breasts beneath her bra. He drops the sweater to the floor as he begins licking her neck again, holding her at the small of her back while the other hand caresses one breast. He begins to kiss and lick her lower, lower, until he has reached the mounds that are exposed outside the bra. Gently, he lowers one strap, and then the other, kissing her breasts, licking them ever so softly, carefully avoiding her dark areola, purposefully avoiding her nipples, while he reaches back and unsnaps the bra, dropping it to the floor.

Her breath is becoming rapid and she is moaning louder now, anticipating the feel of his soft tongue on her nipples. An all-too-familiar wetness has formed in the crotch of her panties and she resists reaching down and feeling her moistness. He continues licking each breast, taking his time, until she begs him to lick her nipples. He chuckles softly, teasing her by licking the dark brown circle around one nipple, and then moving to the other, still careful not to come into contact with the nipple itself. 

Her moans are increasing in intensity as she places her hands on the back of his head, urging him on, until he mercifully begins to flick one nipple with his tongue while he begins to lightly pinch the other nipple between his fingers. Soon, his desire overtakes him and he sucks the entire nipple into his mouth, biting hit gently, flicking it with his tongue, harder and faster, still pinching the other nipple. "Please" she moans. Suddenly, he releases her nipples from his mouth and fingers and drops to his knees. He removes her shoes and lowers her slacks, revealing the black thong she purchased just for this occasion. 

Standing, he guides her backwards to the edge of the bed, helping her to lie down on the bed as he once again drops to his knees in front of her dripping pussy. He begins licking her tummy, dipping his tongue into her naval, working his way down her thighs, working closer and closer to her sweet sex. Her legs widen to accommodate him, inviting him in, and he continues licking inside her thighs, over her outer labia through the panties, until he reaches her slit. He begins licking it through the panties, already tasting her juices through the cloth. 

He slowly licks up and down her slit until he reaches her swelling clitoris and draws it and the cloth of her panties into his mouth, sucking gently. "Yes!" she cries out. He reaches up and slowly pulls her panties down over her thighs, over her calves, and off of her. He takes a moment to bring them to his mouth and nose, tasting and smelling her juices, before he drops the panties and returns to her soaking pussy. He spreads her inner lips with his hands and dips his tongue inside her juicy cunt, and then takes one long stroke of his tongue from her anus up to her clit, again and again, until her body is writhing on the bed and she is grasping at his arms, her moans and cries getting louder and louder, until he takes her clit deep into his mouth, sucking it with great force, flicking it with his tongue while he quickly inserts two fingers deep into her cunt. He begins finger fucking her while sucking and flicking her clit until she screams out in pleasure, her body shuddering with her first orgasm. 

She is begging for him to stop, but he shows no mercy and continues sucking her clit while he shoves a third finger deep into her cunt, fucking her furiously as her orgams rock her body and she is screaming loudly. She feels she is about to pass out when he suddenly releases her clit and licks her up her belly to her breasts, until their lips meet in a kiss, his fingers still working in and out of her cunt while she tastes her own juices on his lips and tongue. Quickly, he stops fucking her with his fingers, and places his hands under her arms, raising her up to the head of the bed, propping pillows behind her head and under her ass. 

He quickly removes his robe, allowing her to see his erection for the first time. She smiles as he crawls closer to her, kissing her, licking her neck, until she can feel the head of his cock teasing her clit. He reaches down with one hand and slowly guides the head of his cock to her dripping pussy, entering just his head barely inside her lips. Looking into her eyes again, he rams the full length of his stiff rod deep into her cunt, causing her to gasp in pleasure. 

He lowers his mouth to her nipple and rams his manhood into her again, and again, using more force with each thrust, fucking her faster and faster, harder and harder. Soon she is pushing her hips toward him, meeting him thrust for thrust, screaming his name, screaming, "Yes, fuck me, oh fuck me!" Her head is shaking back and forth, and her arms and legs go quickly around his thrusting body, drawing him closer, deeper inside her.

They fuck at a furious pace, kissing and licking and biting at each other, until she is screaming, "I'm cumming, oh god, I'm cumming!" She can feel his body stiffen as he yells out, "I'm going to cum, oh god, I'm going to cum!" She pulls his lips to hers, playing wildly with his tongue as he pulls his cock from her and shoots his load over her tummy and nipples. She begins rubbing it into her body while they kiss, until he collapses on the bed next to her, putting his arms around her and pulling her close to him. They are both exhausted, but are caressing each other's bodies softly, until the desire mounts within them again ...

And they begin again...