 This is the final chapter of my Online Playmate story, for this liaison anyway, which covers the second half of Mark's visit to Australia. The places mentioned in The Cross are factual establishments, but the names have been altered. Any Sydneysiders reading this will recognise them immediately.

The names of my home town and friends mentioned have been changed to protect the innocent...

****************************************

We arrived at my little town of Westerfield just before lunch. Mark was taking in the surroundings as I drove down the main road before turning into my street.

"This is a small rural place, isn't it?" he commented. And indeed it was. Westerfield comprised of a school, pub, service station, newsagent/post office and a take away food shop. That was it.

"I told you."

"Does anyone know I'm coming?"

"They do now," I said, waving to a few of the locals sitting outside the pub as we passed. Friday was always a 'knock off early day' for many of the tradesmen. A short distance further, I was pulling into the driveway.

"Can we go there whilst we're home?"

"Of course." I opened the boot for him and he removed his carry-on bag, having just brought a few changes of clothes and his toiletries. We were only going to be here a day or so.

I led him into my room where he deposited his bag and I then gave him a tour of the house. "So this is the spa bath you were telling me about..." he smiled, and drew me into his arms, sharing the first of many long kisses at our temporary love grotto. "Are we getting in?" he exhaled into my ear.

"Do you want some lunch first?" He did.

As I worked around the kitchen, Mark got the fire going, adding some heat to the room that had been vacated for the past 3 days. The heat that was to transpire later would be no comparison to the glass covered flames now crackling and licking at the small window. The thought made me smile. Mark came up behind me as I was stirring the soup on the stove.

"Funny Babe?" he asked, nuzzling his lips around my ear, his breath hot on my nape.

"Hilarious."

"Going to tell me what it is?"

"Wasn't planning to," I said and turned, smiling up at him as I leant in for a cuddle. We stood there for several minutes until I remembered the soup on the hotplate. I drew back and kissed him on the nose before turning back to stir it. "Want to put that on the table for me?" I asked and handed him a plate of cut up bread sticks and the butter. Ladling two steaming bowl fulls, I joined him at the table. It was a simple meal, but it satisfied the first of our appetites.

Whilst getting through the few dishes, I heard the taps go on in the bathroom. Mark was filling the bath. "There's plenty of room in here for two Babe," he called to me.

"That's the plan honey."

"Had a few in here before?" he asked, now behind me.

"I like to spread out," I answered.

"I know it," he sighed and turned me to him, kissing me tenderly as he started to work off my clothes. The dishes could wait.

He stepped into the spa, resting his back against one of the built in back-rests, sighing and looking up at me. "We should have grabbed some champagne on the way home." I went to step back out of the tub; there were two bottles in the fridge already. "Where are you going?" he asked and grabbed my hand, stopping me.

"I have some; it's my preferred drink, in winter especially."

"In a minute..." he sat forward and pulled me toward him, lazing his tongue through my pussy lips as his hands took hold of my arse, holding me against him. I raised my leg and put it on the rim of the bath, affording him an uninterrupted range of the stadium. The crowd cheered, urging me on, but my knees were weak and I was afraid I would collapse through the sheer delight coursing through me. I drew his face back and smiled down at him.

"I'll be just a second, honey." He grinned back at me, kissing my clit once more before releasing me.

I put the ice bucket on the floor within reach and passed him both glasses, stepping back into the tub and wriggling myself in between his knees so my back was aligned to his chest. "Cheers gorgeous," he said and I squidged around to face him as our glasses clinked, cementing the toast with another lustful kiss.

I settled back in against him and reached over to hit the on-button, sending the jets into their motion. Heaven had truly found a place on Earth and I wafted dreamily in the effervescence and heat of the pulsing water. "Relaxed Babe?" he asked, the champagne set aside to allow his fingers to knead my shoulders.

"Uh huh," I murmured, closing my eyes, "but I can't reach you..."

"Plenty of time for that," he chuckled and moved his arms in under mine, cupping my tits lightly as his fingers tweaked and pulled gently on my nipples. One hand dropped lower to caress over my stomach before going in for the kill, softly working against my clit, occasionally dipping inside my wakened cunt.

It was with great embarrassment that I roused some time later, realising I'd fallen asleep. I was nearly side on to him, my head on his chest and only just above water. His arms were wrapped around me, keeping me afloat. I looked up at him and smiled coyly. "I expected my naked body to instil a lot of reactions in you Babe, but didn't realise one of them would be falling asleep."

"I'm sorry," I said, edging around to face him, crossing my legs to get closer. "What time is it?"

"We've been in here well over an hour I'd say." He was right, I checked my fingers and they were deeply pruned. "I'm glad you're awake though, I need to take a piss." I laughed and moved back from him, letting him out of the bath unhindered. I turned off the jets, pulled the plug and followed.

"Let me," I offered and took his cock in my hand to direct the flow. When he'd finished I shook him off a few times, then ran my hands slowly through his inner thighs, trickling across his groin, up and over his pelvis, loving the feel of him.

When dressed we headed down to the pub for a few drinks and a meal. Being a Friday night, many more of the locals had assembled and we sauntered in, hand in hand. I groaned when they greeted me by my nick-name.

"Diabetes!" The barmaid Rachael and two of my close girlfriends chorused. Mark looked at me with a smile on his face, noting not only the 'diabetes' but also my groan that had accompanied it.

"Why diabetes?" he asked and Michelle answered for me,

"Because she's just so god-damn sweeeeeeeeet." She punctuated this with a raucous laugh and was joined by the others. They had obviously been here for some time and were totally enjoying my discomfort. A few of them knew I was having an international visitor and were making the most of getting me to blush.

I introduced Mark to Rachael, Michelle, Libby and a few others milling nearby and he greeted each one in turn, his arm now wended around my waist.

"What are you having?" Rachael asked and I looked at Mark.

"A beer will be fine," he said.

"Two Fosters thanks Rach."

"These ones are on me," she said and went to pour them from the tap.

"Isn't his accent wonderful!" Michelle said, "say something else!'

"What are we having for supper, Diabetes?" he asked cheekily and I pulled a face at him. He leant in and kissed me lightly, forging yet another blush onto my face.

"Don't you think she's sweet?" Libby asked.

"I have the proof of it," he said and winked, making them giggle in delight at his erotic undertones. Rachael handed us our beers and I tugged on his hand, taking him into the beer garden where we could be alone, and away from the playful locals.

The outdoor heaters were in full bloom, taking the lowering sky and making it daylight again, at least for a short while. A few people were camped out here, standing around the central one. I chose a table as far from it as I could - there was no-one here I didn't know tonight and the fact that most of them were already in a merry state made me realise I would be the butt of many course jokes. As a rule this wouldn't worry me and I would banter with the best of them, but I knew my flushed cheeks would give them more fuel for the fire.

The tables in the beer garden were of the picnic type variety; large wooden tables with a bench attached to each of the longer sides. Mark sat next to me and I cuddled into him, losing ourselves in another heated kiss. It wasn't to last long however as I felt the table shift slightly as Libby, Michelle and their respective others took a seat with us. I sighed and eased away from Mark, smiling up at him. He chuckled and drew me to him, leaving plenty of room for them to sit.

After the introductions to Paul and Simon, Paul asked, "Enjoying your stay mate?"

"My Aussie girl has been keeping me busy," he mused.

"I'm sure she has," Simon muttered lowly, grinning at me over the rim of his schooner.

"She's not your Ah-zee girl," Libby corrected him, "she's your Oz-zee girl," deliberately adding a touch more Australian, or strine, nasal accent to accentuate her point. They were all enjoying themselves immensely. "Are you eating here tonight?" she then asked me.

"Yes, and none of you are joining us!" I emphasised.

"Aww, why not?"

"Because you're driving me crazy!" I said and laughed. We sat there through two more beers, Mark enjoying their company, they enjoying my humility. When I couldn't take any more I finally dragged him inside to eat... alone!

I was a little tipsy when we got home and Mark came to find me at one stage when I disappeared. I was in the spare room, trying to wrangle the mattress from the bed. "Need a hand with that Babe?" he grinned and I smiled and nodded, stepping back to allow him room to manoeuvre it. He slid it into the lounge-room on its edge and let go of it with a flump. I followed behind with an armful of pillows, dragging the dooner in my wake.

I refilled the ice bucket, about to pop the second bottle of champagne when he joined me in the kitchen. "I'll do that, you go and get comfortable." I put the stereo on softly and stripped off, lying on top of the dooner and absorbing the heat from the fire, stretching and basking like a kitten in the sunshine. I couldn't get the smile off my face...

When Mark joined me I got to my knees and pulled him forward by the waist of his pants, unzipping and sliding them down his narrow hips. He kicked them off and passed me the glasses, pulling his shirt over his head with one hand, adding it to the pile of clothing on the floor. I didn't even give him a chance to put the ice bucket down, taking his cock into my mouth I started to suck him slowly. He had the most delicious set of balls and I held him out of the way, letting my tongue trace over his contours before sucking them into my mouth. He groaned, "Let me put this down Babe," and sat the offending item in his hands on the coffee table. Now unrestricted, they moved into my hair, working through it softly.

After a few minutes, when I had him in a solid silver state, I asked him to lie down. He bent at the knees and spread his legs, propping up on some pillows to watch me orally fuck him. His pre-cum was abundant and I lapped at it hungrily, my slow ingestion of him giving me untold enjoyment as well.

I threaded one arm under his knees and pushed them gently upwards and smiled at him insidiously before grazing my tongue down over his balls, ending up flicking lightly over his arsehole. I was a little surprised at the lack of hair I found there, but this was a good thing as it let me work over him without limit.

I rimmed him gently at first, not sure whether he was enjoying it. When I glanced up I could tell he was, his head now lying back on the pillows, eyes closed. I prodded a little deeper, delving slightly into his now lubricated cleft, taking his cock in my hand I started to jack him off slowly. His breathing led the dance, my fingers adding more pressure as they milked up over his knob, forcing more pre-cum out which I swirled my thumb through, rubbing at his slit.

I shifted slightly and he lowered one leg, allowing me to prop myself across his thigh; his arse, balls and cock within easy access. I eased my finger inside gently, finding his gland I began to massage lightly, sucking his balls back into my mouth as my hand pumped with more intent.

As he was getting close, I let go of him, replacing my hand with my jealous mouth, sucking him down deep. I let my tongue and throat muscles pulse over him, keeping time with the searching finger. As his hips bucked slightly, he again took my head in his hands, thrusting his cock. I now lay still, letting him fuck my mouth instead of the other way around. His first spurt of cum hit the back of my throat, which I swallowed down on reflex alone, emptying the cavity for him to refill it, and refill it he did. Three more hard blasts followed, ending in a lazy trickle. I loved the taste of him, the usual salty undertones of course, but he was heightened with an almost sweet flavour, not unlike cinnamon. He was delicious...

I lay my head on his thigh for a few minutes, letting him work off his ebb. He eventually sighed and went to draw me up to him, but I stood, going into the bathroom first, wanting to rinse my mouth out so I wasn't kissing his essence back at him. I also had a quick pee and washed my hands before heading back to the lounge.

"Fuck! Your hands are freezing," he said as I lowered them over his chest, nestling into the crook of his arm. I laughed and sat up, warming them in front of the fire for a few minutes. He eased in behind me, playing his hands over my nipples, purring into my ear. "Your turn..."

"Let's just lay for a while, no rush." He lay back down, propped up on one elbow, watching me. "What?" I asked. Hands now warm, I rejoined him horizontally.

"Thanks Babe, not a lot of women do that."

"I didn't know if all guys liked it or not."

"Do you?"

"You were my first."

"And about to be your second...no, your third!" He smiled at me cheekily and gave me a soft kiss, taking me back into his arms.

"I'll make a deal with you..." I teased. He waited on me to continue, his eyebrows raised. "If you let me fuck you with my rabbit, you can fuck my arse too." He threw his head back and laughed loudly.

"That ain't going to happen Babe."

"Your call," I said and laughed with him.

It wasn't long before his hands became restless, first teasing at my tits, moving down to suck on my nipples, drawing them out between his teeth as his hand eased down. My legs spread for his gentle touch, his musician fingers were supple and dextrous, and he strummed me like the strings on his guitar. He leant up to kiss me, running his lips over mine in a tease before asking me to roll onto my stomach. He slid a pillow in under my hips to raise them and got in behind me on his stomach also.

"Just look at the items on the menu..." he mused, parting my pussy lips with two fingers, "where to start... I'll have a little of this," he said and sucked my clit into his mouth, holding it with his lips he worked his tongue over the throbbing tip. He moved his hands up further, gripping my cheeks and drawing them apart, splaying me totally open before him, from arsehole to clit. "A smidge of this..." he said, swiping his tongue over my puckered hole, working his mouth noisily. I had no idea how hot this new oral sensation would be and I found myself forcing my hips up further, wanting him deeper inside me. He purred against me, noticing the effect he was having, which sent a rip right through me. "And just a taste of this..." he sighed, his bottom lip running over my clit as his tongue worked into my cunt. He grazed a finger lengthways down my crack a few times before working the fingertip in.

"Oh God Mark," I exhaled, writhing my hips into his face, forcing his finger deeper into my arse.

"Hmmm," he purred, licking me from clit to pussy one final time, "I need another taste of this." And he started to eat my arsehole out again.

"OK," I murmured.

"Mmph?" he questioned, not removing his mouth from my now yearning hole.

"You can fuck my arse." He stopped what he was doing, coming to lean by me.

"You're sure?" he asked, tucking a stray tress of hair behind my ear.

"You'd better hurry up or I might change my mind." He rubbed his hands together briskly and jumped up, disappearing into my room. He came out sporting a full blown erection and a tube of lube.

"Stay like this?" I asked.

"Get on your knees and bend forward - and I want you to relax."

"I am so far."

He squirted some lube onto his fingers and another application to my arsehole before putting it aside. He played his fingers over me before gently easing in what I assumed was the tip of his middle finger, it felt thicker than his previous explorations seemed. He worked it slowly in and out, pressing it a little further each time and twisting slightly. After a few minutes, he said, "How's that feel Babe? Ready for another?"

"I think so," I panted. It wasn't painful... yet... He added a little more lube then eased a second finger in alongside the first, once again working slowly. "Just relax," he soothed, caressing his other hand lightly over my lower back. It was painful, not acutely so and the sensation far outweighed the discomfort. "You're doing fine Babe, stay relaxed - just let it work through you." I could feel him rubbing against my walls, prying the cavity open with his strong fingers. "You're ready Babe."

"I'm scared honey," I whimpered.

"Would I ever do anything to intentionally hurt you physically or emotionally?"

"No, but your cock is so big, I'm afraid it's going to tear me in half." He chuckled,

"Well thanks for the compliment, but all you have to do is ask me to stop. I will. Do you trust me?" I nodded and he reached for the lube again, this time coating that 'big cock' liberally in it and squeezing more over my arse, nudging it inside. When he slid his fingers out I tried not to tense up, undoing all the stretching he'd already put me through. And then I felt his knob at my entrance. "Breath Babe, relax. It will be fine." I felt his pressure, my ring expanding against the force and his head popped in. I sucked in a small breath and let it out. "OK?"

"Yes, just go slow, that's not a finger."

"I will Babe." I flexed my muscles a few times against the intruding probe, testing it and myself. "Honey, I'll cum if you keep doing that..." I laughed quietly and stopped, not realising the effect it would have on him. He pushed in a little further, adding more lube and then putting it aside for the final time, I assumed, as he gripped onto my hips with both hands. He fucked me with short easy strokes for a while, dipping in a little further each time, letting me adjust. I was surprised to eventually feel his balls brush against my pussy.

"Are you all the way in?" I asked.

"Uh huh," he moaned, and started to pump a little faster. The pain was all-but gone and the fiery licks that pulsed through my arse had my breathing coarsening and I started to move against him, pressing softly back into him.

"I can't believe I'm getting my arse fucked," I said.

"And it's just a beautiful ass." His hands moved closer to my crack, spreading my cheeks wide, taking in the panorama. He chuckled lowly, then moaned, lowering one hand to play with my clit before filling my cunt with two fingers.

"I can feel my cock in your ass through the walls of your pussy."

"I can feel your cock in my arse," I agreed.

"I'm not going to last too long Babe, this is one tight glove." He moved his fingers back to my clit, circling quickly. Within seconds my head lifted off the pillow and a guttural moan escaped my lips.

"Oh yes Mark, oh God!" His hips gained speed and he cried out, holding me tightly against him, then drawing away and fucking me right at the entrance of my hole. His final two blasts were deposited just inside my ring, engulfing the most sensitive part of his cock.
