 Mary sat at the computer, her panties were lowered to her ankles. She read his words and was immediately turned on. There was just something about the way he wrote that she really liked. And the story itself was erotic. The main character was just dominate, she couldn't help but finger herself. His words were dirty, his intentions were sleasy. She was loving every single second of it. One hand was on the eyboard, the other in between her legs. Mary had never thought herself to be the type of person to sit at her parents computer, stroking her pussy reading an erotic story. It's not that she wasn't a sexual person, because she was. There was just something about this story though. She felt so involved in it, that she wrote the author an email.

"Hi, I just wanted to write you a quick email to tell you how much I liked your story. I don't usually write strangers emails like this, but there was just something about the story you wrote. I hope you don't mind that I emailed you. If you would like to, you can email me back. Have a good day", she wrote.  

Mary figured he was probably some dorky looking guy, with glasses and a bowl cut. But regardless of what he looked like, she wanted him to know how appreciate she was for his story. And it wasn't long before she got a response from him.

"Hi, I am glad to hear you liked my story. I think it's one of my best ones too. Of course I don't mind you emailing me your opinion of the story. That's why I post, to get some reactions. Feel free to email me whenever you want. Thanks again, signed Jeff"

Jeff had received emails from people who liked his stories before, mostly anonymous people who just left little notes, not a full email like that. He definitely liked getting positive stories about his stories.   

They continued to send emails back and forth, and eventually exchanged photos as well. Mary was quite surprised. It wasn't a geeky looking guy after all on the other end. He wasn't drop dead gorgeous, but he was by now means an ugly man. She would have definitely taken notice of him if they met at a club. And to say the least, Jeff was quite pleased by her picture as well.  The emails continued, and of course they started talking about sex. They were both physically attracted to each other, there was no doubt about it. So when Mary went to surprise him, she knew there was a chance something physical could happen between them.

Having seen numerous pictures of him, she spotted him across the room. She snuck up behind him and whispered his name softly in his ear. He turned around to find a beautiful woman standing behind him. He took a moment to examine her, in the flesh. He wasn't completely sure it was her, the man he had dreamt about for so long standing in front of him. She was supposed to be a 2500 miles away and had mentioned nothing of a vacation.

"That can't be who I think it is, can it?", he asked. She struck a sexy pose, her hand on her hip, arching her back forward. The pose highlighted her breasts. She could feel his eyes on them.

Mary hung around with Jeff for the rest of the day at work. Whenever he wasn't tending to the guests, he talked with her. But in their minds, they weren't talking. And as soon as he was off from work, he invited her back to his place.

"And what kind of girl do you think I am? I don't even know you!" she joked, but she took his hand and off they went to his apartment.

Mary looked around the apartment. Jeff went into his room to get changed out of hus work clothes. And when he returned, he walked behind her, wrapping his arms around her hips. No words were said, there was no words that need to be said at this point. Instead she instantly fell back, leaning against his crotch. It felt so hard against her. Mary felt his hot lips on her neck as he pulled her even closer, moving his hips against her. She knew it was well worth the weeks of emails and chats and more than worth the trip a few thousand miles now. She bent her neck forward, exposing more of her soft skin as she responded to his tongue on her skin. Mary let out a soft whimper. She reached back to stroke his face. Jeff's hands creeped up her stomach, massaging her breasts through her shirt. She couldn't resist him anymore, she turned around and jumped into his arms. They kissed deeply and aggresively, like they said they would in the countless emails. Their bodies seem to melt together.

Her tongue licked around his lips as they pawed at each other. She looked into his eyes and saw incredible lust. She felt a dampness between her legs that could only be satisfied one way. Mary lifted his arms and tugged at his shirt, lifting it slowly over his head. She rubbed his chest slowly as she teased her tongue into his mouth. Jeff's hands grabbed the bottom of her shirt, raising it quickly over her head. She trailed her fingers down his belly to his cock, rubbing it through his shorts. He freed a breast from her bra and bend down to suck her nipple into his mouth. They moaned simultaneously.

"I've wanted you for so long. Ever since I saw your picture, I wanted to explore your body, to taste you.", Jeff said as her breast slipped from his mouth.

"Oh Jeff. Say the words I need to hear you say. You're turning me on so much". Mary continued to stroke his hard cock through her shorts, tracing the length against her palm. She glanced down at his member, only to feel his hand on her chin, raising it so that he could look in her eyes.

"You mean you want me to say I need to be inside you. To fuck you, baby. Is that what you need?" He grinned at her as he felt her hand working harder against his cock.

"Do it. Fuck me. Make me yours!", Mary whispered.

"You want me to own your body, Mary? Is that what you really want? To be under my complete control?" He grinned at her again.

 "Yes"

 "Say it."

 "I want you to own my body. I'll do whatever you want."

 Jeff took a step back to admire her, as she almost shook with desire for him. She felt like the character from his story, willing to be controlled completely by another. It didn't matter what it took, as long as she was satisfied. He cupped her breasts through her bra.

 "Who's breasts are these?", He grinned.

 "Yours. They are your tits." She took her hands and interlocked them on her breasts with his. He quickly snapped his hands away.

  "Take off your bra. I want to watch you", he demanded. She was loving every second of it. Jeff took a step back as she reached behind her, slowly licking her lips as he heard the clasps slide free. She made a show out of, gently teasing her straps down her shoulders. Finally, she shrugged them off and the material fell to the floor. Her breasts sprung forward, her nipples hardened in excitement.

  "Do you like what you see?", Mary asked knowing full well that he did. She lunged forward, kissing him hungerily again. Their bare chests rubbing against each other. "You are turning me on so much, Jeff." Quickly her hands dropped to his waist, ripping off the belt from around his shorts and unzipping them. What she found there was a pleasent surprise. He had sent her pictures of his cock, which proudly stuck out of his boxers. He kicked the shorts off. She hooked her fingers in the black boxers, and yanked them to the ground. Jeff's cock shot free.

  "I guess I could ask you the same thing, Mary? Do you like what you see?" Her fingers wrapped around the shaft, moving up and down. He sighed.

  "My pussy is on fire. I need this inside me", she moaned still jerking his cock.

  "Oh, don't worry baby. It'll be inside you soon enough." Her hands slid from his cock to her shorts, slowly teasing them off. She was making a show out of it again, teasing him with sly grins. She kicked the jean shorts to him, he dropped them as she ran down the hallway to the bedroom, wearing nothing but her panties. 

  Jeff found her in the bedroom, the panties now hanging from the door knob. She was laying on the bed, her legs spread wide open. Mary's fingers rubbing her bare pussy gently. 

  He ran to her, crawling on the bed and covering her face with wet kisses of lips and tongue. "Do it, fuck me. Put that cock inside me", she moaned as she felt his weight pressing down against her.

 "No, baby. Even better. I want you to put my cock inside you". She grinned as she reached between their bodies, feeling his cock in her hand. She felt the anticipation rise, this was the moment they both wanted. Quickly she pushed it forward, sliding inside of her. They both moaned as their two bodies became one. She kissed him, letting her tongue dance in his mouth. They kissed frantically as Jeff started thrusting inside her. It was pure heaven for both of them. She pushed him forward, grabbing him towards her. Mary felt his entire weight crashing down against her body with each deep thrust. She felt his tongue on her throat, licking and nibbling.

 "Oh Jeff. It feels so wonderful. Your cock is so hard. I love it", she moaned in between breaths. He didn't say anything, he responded with his body. He began thrusting harder into her. She gripped his back muscles as she felt him. She loved it.

 "Your body was made for me, Mary. It's so hot inside you!", they were moving together. 

 Mary bit down on his shoulder, trying to keep her moans silent. She was about to cum. She screamed out his name in pleasure, as her whole body tensed up. She was barely aware of his hands on her breasts, squeezing firmly. That was the last straw. She exploded with a series of moans, calling out his name.

Jeff looked down at her, amazed by her beauty. He stopped thrusting, allowing her to catch her breath. He held himself over her, his cock still inside her. He pushed it, almost lifting it slightly inside her. She shuddered as she felt the head of his cock hit the roof of her pussy. But he kept laying there, smiling at her. He gently kissed her. She kissed back.

"What are you waiting for? Keep going! I need to feel you", Mary grabbed him by the hips and began thrusting him into her. He was all too willing to continue. He bit down on her neck, sliding his tongue around. Mary squirmed under the weight of his body. Mary felt Jeff's body tense up. She knew what was coming. But he kept thrusting. Jeff started grunting.

"I'm going to cum, Mary. You are making me so hard. You are so incredible!", he screamed. He slid his cock out from her.

"Shoot your hot cum on my belly baby", she wiggled on the bed, positioning herself better. Jeff aimed it around her belly button. He slid his fingers up and down the shaft twice before erupting, shooting a load against her skin. She watched and felt it her body. The sweat poured off him as the last of his sperm left him. He collapsed on the bed, next to her. She wrapped her arms around him. He kissed her deeply, tasting her tongue bounce around his mouth.

"You were incredible, baby.", Jeff said to her. They kissed again, suddenly aware of how much energy they spent on each other. She yawned, stretching her arms to the bed posts. She looked over at Jeff, his eyes were closed as he wrapped his arms around her. She moved so that her head rest on his chest as she felt him breathing. Quietly they both went to sleep.....

About three hours later, Jeff woke up with a monster hard on. He knew there was only one way to cure that.....

TO BE CONTINUED.... perhaps???