 I met him in an online chat room. I was just curious and exploring what was out there in the realm of cyberspace. It was all quite innocent to start with. An innocuous chat about various elements of my life and his, a few obligatory questions about work and home, followed by a game of twenty questions. He worked away from home a lot, traveling the world and spending some of his nights alone in a hotel room with only his laptop for entertainment. He had a good sense of humor, a cheeky side to his personality that I liked. Somehow our game of twenty questions turned sexual. He asked me about my favorite position for sex and the floodgates seemed to open. Soon we had told each other every aspect of our sex lives, what turned us on, what didn't, our secret fantasies and what we would like to do to each other. The fact that it was all said in cyberspace seemed to loosen all my inhibitions and we told each other our deepest desires. I had never tried cybersex before but he had me so turned on that I was more than willing to participate. Our cybersex sessions turned into extremely hot phone sex with me masturbating and writhing on my bed, longing for his cock while I plunged my fingers in and out of my sopping wet pussy. Turned on beyond belief at the sounds of him pumping his cock on the other end of the line and telling me how fabulously wet I sounded and that he could hear every squish and moan as I came in his ear. 

I never imagined it would go any further considering he lived on the opposite side of the world. 

One day in casual conversation he mentioned that there was a possibility he could be flying to the other side of the country in the near future and would I like to fly over and meet him. It was said tongue in cheek but I started to seriously think about it. We flirted with the idea of what we would do to each other if we actually met in person. It added another dimension to our cybersex sessions as we played out our meeting online, describing in graphic detail how we would fuck each other senseless before we even left the airport. I like to be in control and so does he, so it was a constant battle to see who would win, each of us trying to steer it our way and take control of the situation. Secretly, I liked it when he won. It turned me on no end when he would grab me or push me up against the wall and just fuck me hard. I was his online plaything. 

I was disappointed when his work trip got cancelled but we continued our cyber sessions and phone sex detailing our first meeting and amazing fuck. The fantasies varied every time but one in particular stuck in my mind. I fantasized about entering his hotel room clad in nothing but a white t shirt under my coat; he sits at the desk, typing on his laptop, unaware of my presence. I blindfold him, whispering that I am about to make his day and spin his chair around. I explain the rules, he cannot remove the blindfold, cannot touch me unless I say so, he must do everything exactly as I tell him to do. I found myself thinking about it frequently and almost constantly turned on. It must have been palpable because I was suddenly receiving a lot of attention from men and I shamelessly fucked those that let me take control and act out my online scenarios. Describing to my online partner every detail and minute variation. My sex life had never been so good. 

A few weeks later an opportunity arose for me to attend a conference. By pure coincidence it just happened to be in the same city and at the same time as he would be there. I decided to put a plan into action and play with him for a bit. I asked him what he would do if I was actually in the same place as him right now. Would he let me take complete control, do exactly as I said. He played along, obeying my every command. I acted out my fantasy online and we had amazing cybersex followed by explosive phone sex. I kept playing with him, making him submit to my every whim. Not every time but often enough so that I knew he was enjoying it and comfortable with me being in complete control. Over the next few weeks I went over all the details of his trip, innocently plying him for information, which hotel he was booked into, how long he would be there, who else was going with him, how much spare time would he have, until I knew every move he would make. 

On the night I spent hours getting ready before chatting to him online from my hotel room, setting the scene. I ask him where he is sitting (at the desk in the corner of the room), what he is wearing (jocks and a hotel robe) and whether or not he is willing to do exactly as I ask him to (yes). Then I ask him if the door to his room is locked (no). Next I say I am going to sneak up behind him and blindfold him....... I stop typing and quickly leave my room, knowing he will be waiting for me to type my next move. I open the door to his room and tiptoe quietly across the carpet. He is sitting with his back to me, typing, when I place the blindfold over his eyes and tell him not to turn around. He jumps in surprise but manages to control himself and resist. I read the screen in front of him 'So you want to know what I'm going to do to you next, do you?" I laugh, spinning his chair around. "You know the rules, no touching unless I tell you to, no removing the blindfold and you must do exactly as I say. Are you willing to play by my rules?" I ask.

"Yes" he grins from ear to ear. 

I close the door and return to stand in front of him. I can see the bulge in his pants already. I have seen his erect cock before, or at least a picture of it, its size is impressive. I tell him to "stand up and remove your clothes". He does so urgently. He sits in front of me, naked now, I am impressed. His is tall, strong and lean. His cock is standing to attention and even more imposing in the flesh. I long to touch it but I too have to play the game. Removing my coat I stand over him, one leg either side of his. My bare skin is against his legs and he tries to touch me. "Behave or I will have to leave" I scold playfully, slapping his hands away. "Do you remember me telling you about this fantasy" I ask "and do you remember what happens next?" He nods, the grin on his face changes to an expression of lust as he realizes what I am about to do. His hands begin to roam up my smooth legs, I let him this time. His fingers explore my warm skin, slowly, examining every curve and groove. Up my outer thighs, over the fold of my bottom as it meets my legs, over my hips and gently up my sides. Pausing slightly when he realizes I am wearing nothing but a white t shirt and black high heels, exactly as I described it to him in our cyber session. My hands are raised as he explores up under my arms and back down, just touching the bulge at the side of my breasts. He knows he cannot touch them just yet. He can smell every inch of my excitement, my hair, my perfume, my pussy juice as it runs down my inner thigh. He breathes it in deeply. 

"Oh God you're incredible" he says. "I'm so fucking hard I fell like my cock is going to explode" 

I laugh and say "I can see that" 

I run my hands over his muscular shoulders, his chest with its little patch of hair, down his sides, much the same as he has just done to me. Over his hips and down his legs until I am kneeling in front of him. I avoid his groin and smile at his cock at it twitches and jumps in anticipation. I move his legs apart further and kiss my way up his thigh, my warm lips and tongue making his skin flinch. I giggle. My shoulder length raven hair brushes his skin, tickling. His rigid cock is right in front of my face now; he can feel me breathing on it. Still I resist touching him there. My fingers explore and tickle his every crevice, except where he wants, needs me, to touch. I open my mouth and place it over his tip, gently closing around him. He groans. I begin suck him, just the glans, slowly, softly. Then harder, taking him further into my warm, wet mouth. He moves his hands to my head and I remove them, holding them down by his side. I suck his length into my mouth, sucking him harder and more urgently with every thrust he makes. Finally I touch him with my hands; fingers gripping his shaft as I suck his balls then swallow his entire shaft with my mouth, my fingers now massaging his balls. "Oh fuck yeah" he moans as I run my tongue along his length. He is close to cumming, I can feel it. I suck harder, more urgently. "Oh God, I'm going to cum if you keep doing that" he yells. I suck him faster, playing with my tongue as I run it over his swollen tip, before taking all of him into my mouth again and again. He tries to push me away and I hold his hands down as he explodes into my mouth. His warm cum spurts down my throat, I swallow. I have surprised him. That wasn't part of our fantasy. 

I stand up, my legs either side of his again. His hands run up my sides to my breasts, his fingers pinching my hard nipples, he lifts my shirt up and finds my nipples with his tongue, biting gently before sucking them. He can't see how flushed I am but he can feel their hardness with his mouth and tongue. He cups my generous breasts and protests when I remove his hands, placing them down by his sides again. I sit in his lap. His cock is still hard, and he tries desperately to touch me with it. Knowing my pussy is so close. I can feel it jump underneath me, I am dying to just lower myself onto it in one swift motion, plunging all the way in, but I resist, teasing him. 

I sit, wriggling slightly, teasing him all the more. "I can feel how wet you are, smell it" he says. My pussy juice has smeared over his leg. I kiss his neck, his shoulders, rubbing my cunt against him, my breasts against his chest. 

"Do you want to touch me?" I ask.

"Yes" he says. I lift his hand up, suck on his middle finger and put it back down again. He groans, this is killing him. I move forward more, feeling his cock twitch as he tries desperately to make contact with my pussy, I grab hold of him and raise myself up slightly. Placing his now rock hard cock just below my swollen hot pussy, I push it very slightly between my lips, letting him feel my wetness. Making him think I am going to finally fuck him, before lifting his cock so that it rises up between us like a tower of heat. 

"Do you really want to touch me?" I whisper. 

"Yes!" he screams "I want to throw you across the bed and just fuck you" I laugh. 

I take his hand again, guiding it to my cunt, his fingers want to explore but I tell him to hold still. I put his palm over my mound, flat against me. He can feel the heat and wetness already. I leave it there for what feels like eternity before pushing his fingers into my wet folds. He begins to push into me, I let him, whimpering slightly as he plunges three fingers deep into me, forcing them up as far as he can. His thumb circles my clit. He pulls his fingers out and begins to explore me fully, every part of my cunt touched. His left hand reaches round to pull my ass cheeks apart as his fingers my cunt again. I gasp as his fingers explore further. All this built up tension is going to make me cum any second. "Stop" I say. I want to cum on top of him. He does so reluctantly.

I tease him some more, playing with his cock as it glistens between us. I wipe the drop of precum off the tip of his cock and lick my finger, making a slurping noise as I do so. He knows exactly what I have just done, even though he can't see. I raise his fingers to my lips and suck them, tasting myself on him. He squirms underneath me. His cock stands to attention, almost bursting as I raise myself over it and plunge down on top of him. I fuck him hard, plunging down onto him as far as I can, forcing his thick cock up into me, over and over again. It feels so good, hard and full. I can't wait any longer, my pussy contracts in a violent spasm as I cum all over his shaft, grinding down onto him. Spasm after spasm racks my body. My legs turn to jelly. I remove the blindfold and smile, he kisses me before lifting me up and putting me on the bed. He pulls me to the edge and lifts my legs, ramming his cock into me deeply. "It's about time I got to see what I'm doing" he grins. His cock is throbbing and his strokes urgent as he pounds into me. Pussy juice covers his shaft as he watches his cock plunge into me again and again. My lips stretched tightly over his girth, pushing in and out with every thrust. He cums again, ramming so far into me it almost hurts. I can feel his cum splash against my insides before he collapses on top of me. It was worth the wait. 

We lay there, exhausted for a minute, basking in the afterglow. He rolls over and I stand up, getting ready to leave. I put my coat back on. The fantasy is over, for now. As I reach the door and open it slightly he comes up behind me and slams it shut. Pushing me roughly up against the door he whispers in my ear "You didn't think I was going to let you have it all your way, now, did you?" 

To be continued......