 As you walk across the lobby of the Plaza Hotel and as our eyes meet for the very first time it becomes immediately apparent that this 'no obligation' meeting is going to lead to a very passionate encounter. Your outstanding beauty strikes me as I watch you approach, dressed in a black skirt with the centre split that shows your thighs to just below their junction when you walk, a long sleeved blood red blouse, pantyhose and black patent leather high heels. The black calf skin brief case in your right hand and the black handbag slung over your left shoulder gives the impression that you could be a very successful young businesswoman on your way to an important business meeting, only I knew differently.

Following a soft but full kiss on the lips from each of us as we come together signals to me that our meeting is going be very intense. We make our way to a quiet corner table in the lounge so that we can talk in relative privacy. A waitress comes and takes our order for a scotch and water for me, and a vodka and tonic for you. The intensity that flows between us from that first brief kiss has me hardening already. At this stage I wish that we had gone straight to my room in the hotel, where we would be alone and be able to let our feelings flow and let nature run its course.

As the waitress returns with our drinks we make the usual small talk about the weather and such mundane matters, but all the time I can feel the desire for you building more and more inside me. I can also tell by your facial expressions and your body language that you are as keen as I am to get out of here and go somewhere else where we can be alone and let our desires be known.

After a few sips of our drinks I lean in towards to you and whisper "I have a mini bar in my room if you would prefer to go up there." 

You smile and whisper back "Yes, I would." 

I sign for the drinks and we go to the elevator where a man and a woman are already waiting, thankfully they got out at the fifth floor. As soon as the door closes and our car starts to ascend to the twenty-second floor, we immediately fall into each other for our first very passionate kiss, both totally ignoring the fact that the lift car could stop at anytime and someone else could join us.

When we enter my room and close and lock the door behind us, we both know that the next several hours are going to be very passionate, sexual and very fulfilling for both of us. We had discussed this meeting in great depth over the internet for months and had both described what we wanted for and from each other when this meeting eventually did occur. Your agreeing to accompany me to our room signalled your agreement to let whatever was going to happen between us, happen.

The nerves I have got at this stage make it nearly impossible for me to speak, however, I do manage to ask "Would you like a drink from the bar?". 

With a very sensuous grin and reply of "No" you come straight to me, I take you in my arms and we kiss so hard and so passionately that my legs begin to buckle.  

As we kiss neither of us can control our hands on each other and we start undressing each other. I remove your blouse first and am immediately taken by the sight of your firm breasts encased in a lacy half-cup white bra. Your nipples are visible through the lace and are clearly very hard. As I lower my head and kiss your nipples through the lace I can hear your soft sigh. I undo the clasp and zip of your skirt and let it drop to the floor then push your panty hose down over your hips. As I drop to my knees before you to roll your hose down over your legs I am immediately struck by the sensual aroma of your womanhood. I place a soft kiss on top of your pubic mound outside your white lace panties and notice the tell tale dampness at your crotch. Your gasp makes me realise just how much fun you and I are going to have.

As I straighten up, I see for the first time what a beautiful body you have and know that I have to have you naked as soon as I can. You remove my shirt, then immediately kneel before me to remove the trousers that I am wearing. As you slid them down over my thighs you do the same thing as I had done, and kiss my cock through the briefs I am wearing, your hands clasp my bottom and pull me in hard against your face. Your hot breath and lips on me are enough to make my cock harden fully. 

Running my hands through your soft black hair I say "Stand up Kate." 

As you do I trail my fingers up between your thighs, over your slit and across your mound. The shudder that goes through you signals that it will take very little of my touch to induce your first orgasm. 

Both standing, we again fall into a very passionate kiss that seems to go on forever. Lips locked together, tongues exploring each other's mouths, breast pressed against breast, your pubic mound grinding against my hard cock and hands running wildly over each other. I undo your bra exposing your beautiful breasts and hard nipples. A loud moan escapes from you as my hands cup them and my thumbs rub across your nipples. 

"Oh God Kate" I murmur as your touch on my body starts to drive me wild. Seeing this as a sign of my passion you immediately move down so that you can kiss and suck my nipples while I slide my hands down across your tummy to the waist band of your panties. As the fingers of my right hand slide under the waistband of your panties and over the smooth skin of your mound I hear your breathing quicken and feel the tremors rushing through you.

Taking your hand I lead you to the bed and push you onto your back with your legs hanging over the side, your feet resting lightly on the carpeted floor. Running my hands up the outside of your thighs to your hips I take hold of your panties and strip them from you. Kneeling on the floor at your feet I push your thighs apart so that I can see your hot wet centre that is about to be mine. Looking first at your beautiful face I can see that your eyes are closed and the expression on your face tells me that you are ready for anything that I want to do to you. My eyes then move down along your body to the junction of your thighs where your soft pink fleshy pussy is open like a rose in full bloom, the nectar of your love is clearly visible on your swollen lips. I kiss my way along your thighs, soft biting sucking kisses, feeling your silken smooth skin against my lips and tongue, smelling the heady musky smell of your pussy.

With my hands playing over you I cover your hot wet slit with my mouth, my tongue flicking quickly across your clit then sliding up and down the length of your hot pussy parting your swollen lips, tasting you for the first time. Hearing your moans as I kiss, lick and suck you, my hands move all over you, over your smooth flat stomach then up to you soft breasts, rolling your nipples between thumb and fingers. Your body is twitching under my touch, your moans becoming louder as I work on you harder with my tongue and hands. Your moans become louder as my fingers pull, roll, twist, and stretch your hard nipples.

The love juices pouring from your pussy for me taste sweet and musky. I suck wildly on you driving my tongue as far as I can into you, sucking, licking, drinking. My hands move down between your thighs, opening you as wide as possible so that I have unrestricted access to the core of your womanhood. Still sucking you hard I push two fingers deep inside you, your moans become louder, your pussy is grasping my fingers, drawing them into you. The heat from within you is incredible, the taste exquisite. Your moans become louder and louder, crying out that you want to cum. Driving my two fingers deeper, harder, in and out, finger fucking you, lips and mouth sucking, licking, eating, I feel the first shudders of your orgasm starting to release. Sucking harder, slamming my fingers deep into you as you cum, your legs lock around my head, your cries louder and louder, covering my fingers and mouth with your cum, your body shuddering.

Slowly I withdraw my face from you and look up to your face. Your smile tells me that you have enjoyed our first encounter. As I move up along your body, withdrawing my fingers from your cum soaked pussy to kiss your lips, I slide my fingers between our lips so that we can share the taste of you. After we have licked all of your juices from my fingers, I break the kiss, smile into your eyes and whisper, "Oh my god Kate, that was unbelievable."

Our kisses become more passionate as I press my hard cock against your hip. My hands covering your warm soft breasts, fingers playing with your nipples, twisting, pinching, making you moan. Your hands moving between us playing with my hard cock, fondling, stroking, and making me harder than hard, wanting you and needing the feel of your hot wet cunt around me. I move my body over yours, linking my arms under your knees pulling them up over my shoulders, your lower body raised off the bed, your open wet pussy fully exposed to me as I move my lower body slowly forward. The head of my cock nudges your swollen wet pussy, then as I push harder you moan and force yourself further onto me. My cock slides deeper into you, the walls of your hot pussy caressing my cock, gripping me.

"Fuck me" you cry out as I plunge as far into you as I can. 

"Yes Kate" I moan as I start sliding my length in and out of you, harder, deeper, so deep that I can feel the head of my cock driving into your cervix as I fuck you. Moaning out loud I drive deeper and harder into you hot body, my balls slapping on your arse every time I plunge into you.

Kissing you hard, moaning into your mouth, our tongues tangled feeling my cum rising, getting closer and closer as your body twists and rotates against me.

"Oh my god Kate!" I cry out as I feel the need to release my cum deep into you. 

Feeling my cock beginning to pulse deep inside, you slam your hips against me.

"Fuck me hard" you cry, "fill me with your cum." 

Our bodies out of control, driving hard into each other, fucking, grinding. Knowing you are close to cumming a second time I slam hard into you.

"Oh Kateeeeeeeeee" I cry out as I start to release my load into you. At almost the same instant your orgasm overtakes you.

"Oooohhhhhhh yesssssssssss, fuck me" you cry out as our bodies slam into each other. I hold deep inside you, my cum pumping deep inside your soaking wet pussy. 

Our bodies tense against each other, your pussy still spasming, squeezing me, gripping me, milking me. 

Our orgasms subsiding, I drop your legs from my shoulders and we hold each other tightly, the afterglow of the sex we have just shared overtaking us as we kiss softly and hold each other. My cock losing some of its firmness but still embedded deep inside your warm and beautiful body. Looking deep into your eyes "my god Kate, you are so hot" I whisper as I hold you tightly against me. We both know that the passion has only just started.