 The mindless chatter in his head continued on as he sat in his comfy recliner. Headbanger's ball was on the television, but he was recording it on his TiVo, so it really didn't matter if he paid attention to it or not. Of course, solitaire was being played on his laptop. Once again, he was high, legally, of course. Sometime ago, he found an alternative to his favorite plant. But what he was really craving was company. As the thought crossed his mind, a knock came at his bedroom window. He was so confused. 'Since when does anyone knock at my window' he thought to himself. He got up and put his laptop on the table. Slowly moving toward where the tapping was coming from, he lifted the curtain covering the window. There, bent over to see inside, was one of his best chick friends. He opened the window, "Hey, what're you doin?" he asked the gorgeous female standing outside.

"Not much. You wanna hang out?" she asked with a sly but adorable smile. As if she was up to something sneaky.

"Yeah that'd be cool. Let me just get dressed and I'll be ready to roll," he said as he started to walk away.

"No, I mean, would it be cool if we just hung out here? I really don't wanna be driving around right now," she said as she rubbed her slender neck.

"Sure, come around back and I'll let you in," he said as he pointed in the general direction of the door. He walked out of his room and headed for the basement door. He clicked on the outside light and saw a vision of beauty. She was wearing a short skirt that showed off her sexy legs, a black wife beater that almost seemed to tight, and a baseball cap holding back her hair so you could see her angelic face. Almost immediately my eyes were drawn to her breasts. They had been augmented recently, and luckily she didn't go too large. She obviously wasn't wearing a bra, because it was a little chilly out and her nipples were very erect. None of that mattered, he was just glad his wish had been granted.

As she walked in through the door, she ran a finger under his chin, "So which way is your room?" speechless he pointed to his room. She turned in that direction and walked away, swiveling her hips ever so slightly as she walked. He stood there stunned, but only for a moment. He couldn't help but follow. As he walked in through the door, there she sat on his bed. Her legs were crossed, and her hands were propping her up. Her head was tilted to the side just a bit.

"So you're in my room. That's a first," he said while slowly looking her up and down.

"Yeah, you don't mind that I'm on your bed, do you?" she asked him coyly. She patted the seat to her left, and motioned for him to sit down.

Hesitant for only a moment, he walked toward her. "It's cool, because you're the sexiest lady to ever sit on my bed," he said, unconvincingly trying to be smooth. He sat and shook his head, realizing how dumb he just sounded.

"Well, that was a line if I ever heard one," she said as she rubbed his leg, letting her fingers linger on his thigh.

"So what you been up to? It's been awhile," he said looking into those beautiful eyes.

"Not much," she said as she leaned back on her hands. As she did, her breasts seem to become more emphasized. She put her chin down to her chest, and looked at him almost lustfully.

"Uhh...so what you got in mind?" he says as he gives her another quick up and down.

"I saw that perv" she said giving him a playful slap on the arm. She then put her leg over his, spreading her legs at the knees. That's when he noticed that she wasn't wearing any underwear at all. "I don't know, what sounds fun to you?" saying slyly, wiggling her leg a little. She moved closer, laying her head on his shoulder.

"Well...I got an xbox 360. We could play a game," he said nervously, "I've got some movies too."

"How about you put on some music? None of that hard stuff, though. I can't handle it," she said as she sat back up and moved her leg, "Maybe some R&B. If you even listen to that kind of stuff."

"Actually I do, I have a playlist," he said right before he realized what he was saying. 'Oh look at me; I have a playlist full of random sexy songs on my computer.' He felt like such a tool. "I mean yeah, I got some." He got up and walked to where his computer was sitting and started the playlist. Oddly enough, the first song to play was 'Lap dance' by n.e.r.d., one of his favorite songs. He turned back toward the vixen seated on his bed and noticed her bobbing to the music.

"So is that what you're wanting, a lap dance," she stood up slowly and moved toward him, swaying slightly as she walked.

"That does sound pretty fun. Although, I don't believe I could give a very good one," he said as he stood staring, thinking, 'Is karma finally catching up with me?'

"I don't doubt that," she giggles as she gets right up to him. She gets so close to him, that he could feel her body heat. She puts her hands on his chest and pushes him into the chair. "But I was thinking I would give you a lapdance. I'm in the mood to give one and you're a willing participant, right?" she says as she bends over in front of him to restart the song. He couldn't help but take another sneak peak under her skirt. She turns around and starts moving to the beat of the music. She moves in closer and whispers into his ear, "As long as you're a good boy, you can touch me wherever you want." She straddles him and begins to grind with the rhythm. She gets closer to him, so close that he could feel her warm breath on his face. She puts her arms around his neck and drapes her hair over his face. It smelled better than he ever could've imagined.

"Wow," he says as he puts his hands on her hips, "I never thought this would happen." She smiled at him as she slowly began pulling up her shirt, teasing him. She hesitated and slid it back down.

"No wait," she said as she grabbed his wrists and moved them up her sides, "You do it." She grinned at him and continued to grind. He had never felt skin so smooth. He stopped at the underside of her breasts. He slowly unveiled her supple chest. He let the shirt rest atop those lovely mounds of flesh, and felt them with both hands. He moved in to kiss them but she pushed his head back, "Not so fast. I'm not done with the dance yet." She raised her arms and he promptly finished removing her shirt. He dropped it to the floor beside his chair.

"So far, best lap dance I've ever had," he states as she stands up and turns around. She sat back down on his lap, and began grinding all over again. She leaned back against his chest and put her lips to his ear, "You can kiss my neck if you want to."

He kissed her neck up and down gently. He moved his hand up her belly to her breasts and began squeezing one softly. He let the other linger on her stomach. He could feel the chill bumps on her skin. She took that hand and slid it down the front of her skirt. He felt how moist she was, without even touching her yet. He slowly ran his fingers over the outside of her vagina, and she moaned softly. 

"If only you knew how long I've waited for this moment," he said, not even caring if it sounded pathetic or not.

"Me too," she said as she grasped his other hand that cupped her supple breast, "What have you been waiting for?" She turned her head to face him and kissed his lips gently. He started rubbing her clitoris with his middle finger, slowly at first. He could feel her becoming wetter as he went. Her back arched a little as he slipped his finger into her pussy. He fingered her for a few moments before she couldn't handle it anymore. "I think it's your turn now," she said as she stood up and leaned in to kiss him again. This time he leaned into it and kissed her back passionately. She moved her hands down to his pants and began to undo the belt buckle. Pulling it from the loops she tossed it aside.

"I see you don't need any help with that," he said with a smile. She shook her head as she undid the button and then pulled down the zipper. As soon as she did his full erection popped out. She grasped it one hand and smiled.

"Very nice," she said as she began to stroke the length of his shaft.

"Thanks," he said as a shiver ran up his spine. She ran her other hand up his shirt as she looked him in the eyes. He took this as a queue and pulled his shirt off. He wasn't as physically fit as he would've hoped to be when this happened, but that didn't seem to matter. She continued to stroke his hard cock slowly. She kissed down his chest and tugged on his nipple ring with her teeth. "That is the whole reason I got those done," he said realizing that nothing he could possibly say would ruin this moment. 

"Good, cause I've always wanted to do that," she said with a big smile on her face. "So are you ready?" she said as she kneeled in front of him. He nodded, carefully trying not to be over enthusiastic. She delayed it no longer and wrapped her lips around the head of his cock. A chill ran up his spine. She began moving up and down his shaft, taking in as much as she could handle. He ran his fingers through her hair as her head bobbed, just a little faster than she started.

"Whoa, hold on. You are really good at that, and I don't wanna come too soon," he said looking her right in the eyes.

She nodded and said, "We can take a break if you want."

"Oh I didn't mean that," he stood up at that point taking her by the hand and helping her up. He let his pants fall around his ankles. He stepped out of them and picked her up. She wrapped her arms around his neck and her legs around his waist, and began kissing him again. He kissed her back as he squeezed her firm ass, and carried her to the bed. He laid her down on the bed, and removed her legs from his waist. He continued to kiss her as she lay there, moving his hand down between her legs. "It's time for me to do something for you," he stuck two fingers into her vagina as he finished his statement. She moaned a little louder.

"Sounds good to me," she smiled sheepishly, goose bumps formed all over her. He began at her neck, kissing down it to her chest. He kissed the top of her breast, holding it with his left hand as he did. Her nipple became erect as he ran his tongue around her areola. He sucked on her nipple for a brief moment as he continued kissing down her sinuous body. He could feel her take a deep breath as he spread her legs apart. He teased her a bit by kissing her lower stomach and rubbing the outside of her pussy with his index finger. "Hurry," she moaned in anticipation.

A large smile crossed his face, "No problem." He began licking and sucking on her clit, she grasped the bed sheet and pulled on it a bit. He fingered her as he did; moans of ecstasy escaped her lips. He allowed his tongue to enter her pussy slowly and began moving it in and out. Then he began to rotate it around inside of her as she grabbed a pillow to muffle her loudest moan yet.

She threw it to the side and sat up, "You better fuck me right now, or I'm gonna explode."

"Yes ma'am," he stated as he stood up and pulled her to him. She fell back off her elbows onto the bed. The bed was high enough off the ground that he didn't have to kneel. He rubbed the head of his cock on her clit, eliciting yet another soft moan.

"Please stop teasing me already," it almost seemed as if she couldn't handle it anymore. He gently and slowly began to push his cock inside of her. She grabbed and tugged on the sheets even harder. He held her by the hips as he began thrusting rhythmically into the raven haired beauty. Slow at first, then building up a little speed. The only words to leave her mouth at this point were, "Oh my god, harder!" At that queue he thrusted deeper inside her and sped up his motion. After what only felt like heartbeats, "Hold on a minute." He stopped, bending in to kiss her, but she put a finger to his lips. "That can wait. Now get up here and lay down," she commanded him semi-forcefully, and with a grin. He solemnly complied.

"So it's my turn again, huh?" he asked, already knowing the answer. She straddled him and sat down on his thighs. She began stroking his still very erect penis. "Wow, so I guess it's only fair you get to tease too," he said as she grinned playfully at him. Rising slowly up over him she let the length of his shaft rub the outside of her pussy.

"You ready?" and without even giving him a chance to answer she lowered down on to the head of his cock. Taking all of him in she sighed, as if she finally got what she'd been craving. Riding him slowly, building up a rhythm, she leans over and kisses him. He kissed back as he grabbed her ass, aiding in her motion. As they continued to kiss, and she built up a little speed, he ran his fingers up her sides. He felt the chill bumps rise on her skin. He held her at the waist again and began thrusting up into her. She sat back up and leaned back, "Holy shit! Keep goin, keep goin! Oh my god!"

He continued for minutes more while rubbing her clit with his thumb. He stopped and sat up, so both could rest for a minute. "Now it's time for my favorite. Get up and get on your knees," he said, a bit more forcefully than he had meant to. She seemed to enjoy it, because she quickly complied. He rubbed the head of his dick on her clit and she quivered. He shoved it inside of her and began thrusting hard. She screamed into the pillow. He moved faster and faster, her breasts jiggled in rhythm with his thrusts. This went on for longer than any of the other positions they tried.

Leaning back into him she pulled his head to her and whispered, "Why have I waited for so long to do this with you?"

He whispered back, "Let me know when you figure it out." He kissed her at that, and began thrusting into her again. He kept her from bending back by holding one of her breasts and rubbing her clit with his middle and ring finger. She moaned loudly and grabbed his hair from behind. She was wetter than ever and it felt so good.

"I'm about to cum!" she moaned in ecstasy.

"I am too," he said as he began speeding up.

She moaned even louder. "Cum with me, and don't pull out! I want to feel it inside me!" she said as she locked arms with him and leaned forward. He thrusted harder and she screamed with elation, "Now!" she orgasmed as he came inside of her. They both fell to the bed with heavy breaths. "That was amazing," she sighed as she kissed him again.

"I know, I was there," he said, eliciting a chuckle from them both. Then a loud buzzing noise came out of nowhere. "What is that?" he asked as everything around him began to fade away. Last of which was lovely creature lying next to him.

He awoke abruptly, sitting up and smacking his alarm clock. He shook his head, trying to clear the morning fog. 'Best dream ever,' he thought to himself, 'To bad it'll never happen in real life.' He climbed out of bed and began getting ready for the day. He definitely needed a shower.