 Her girlfriend had to convince her to put her profile on the dating site. She didn’t believe in them. 

“Nothing but losers and perverts on there”, she had told Monica. She really believed that a woman would have to be desperate to meet a man online. 

“Well”, Monica said, “It has been a while since you had a date, not to mention sex, right?”  It had been a while, too long. She was even at the point of calling it “involuntary celibacy”. If only she could find someone real, a man she could be comfortable sharing her wild sensual side with. 

“Right about now”, she told Monica, “you are starting to look pretty good.” Both women laughed knowingly. They had explored the girl-girl thing occasionally but each preferred men when it came right down to it.

 “So how does the online thingy work?” she asked. Monica said all she had to do was put in a little info about her and what she was looking for and the system would pick several potential ‘matches’.

That was how she came to put her profile on the latest hot website, which promised ‘thousands’ of eligible men just waiting to meet her. When she opened her email a couple days later there they were, her matches. She scanned the pictures kind of skeptically. One caught her eye and she kept coming back to it. He had a shaved head, a brilliant smile and was dressed all in black, probably at some type of evening event. He was tall and big like she liked her men but it was what he wrote under what he was looking for that really drew her to him.

“I like women who are comfortable with themselves and not overly concerned with what others think. Intelligent, spiritual, independent, attractive, sensual, open-minded and adventurous is my `type`. Please be in love with life and willing to live it to the fullest. The more unconventional the better. I must admit a weakness for tall, sexy women with tattoos, piercings, and pretty feet!”

Well Mr. Man, that pretty much describes me, she thought to herself. Let’s see how you handle a woman who knows what she wants. She wrote him a brief reply and attached her profile to it.

I read your profile and liked what you had to say...who wouldn't, you ask?  The things that stuck out most for me was that you say what you mean and do what you say.  I am a professional communicator, I'm a mediator, and so I'm no Yes Woman.

I live close by, and am a little older (you aren't scared of older women, are you?).  I work out with a trainer (so I really work out) three days a week and swim three days a week so I'm in shape...wanna lift with me?

I'm the LAKERS fairest weather fan, so you know what I'm thinking about them about now.  I enjoy anything involving water, swimming, boating, and beach.  As far as great sex...I'm like Barry White, "I've had my share of lovers, some were damn good, but if you think you can turn me out, then baby I wish that you would".

My life is good.  Business is going well...just wish I could say, "Honey, guess what happened today".

Hope I gave you enough to come by for a look.  If not, oh well.  Have a great one!

That was enough to get the conversation started and now after chatting online and on the phone for a couple weeks, they were finally going to meet. The conversations had progressed from small talk at first to light phone sex and there seemed to be a connection developing. She thought Joseph might just be the guy she had been searching for and the anticipation was getting the better of her. She kept changing her mind about what to wear, make or no make-up, how to style her hair? 

I wonder if he is going through anything like this? she thought. Probably not, because its so easy being a guy.

Finally she was ready. She was dressed in a long black suit coat with a miniskirt, and a sheer silk blouse, which was unbuttoned to show just a hit of her ample cleavage. Underneath were her latest acquisitions from Victoria's Secret, lavender half-bra, the lace just underneath her dark, round, nipples and a matching thong. No panty lines tonight, she mused. In fact she sometimes went without panties at all but she was afraid that in her excitement tonight her already damp pussy would soak through her skirt. She had also chosen black stockings, and black high, very high, ankle strap shoes with her toes out. 

Just for you, Mr. Pretty feet, she thought. Standing 5'7" as it was, with the high heels her legs looked like they were five feet long as she checked herself out in the full-length mirror. She had left her hair down, straight, with a flip on the ends. Her darkly outlined eyes and ruby lips completed the outfit, along with a bright, flirtatious smile.

They had agreed to meet at the latest trendy restaurant, EuroChow, and she made sure to arrive about ten minutes late hoping he would be there, waiting. Damn, does every woman in here have on black? she thought to herself as she stepped in the bar area. Scanning the room she saw him at a table near the back. He had on gray slacks and a black blazer with a silk t-shirt that really showed off his chest. The brilliant smile was there but the thing that struck her most was his eyes. They seemed to be able to see so deep into her that she almost felt naked. There was so much intensity that she could feel her nipples harden without even being touched.

“Hello, I’m Joseph” he said standing to pull out her chair. 

“Glad to finally meet you”. 

They shared small talk for what seemed like hours, over apple martinis. All she could think of was what was to come next, somewhere more intimate. After tonight, there would be no more involuntary celibacy. She was sure of that. Time to make a move. 

“I have some champagne chilling at home”, she said as she looked deep into those dangerous eyes. 

“Do you promise not to attack me?” Joseph asked. 

“No can do,” she responded, “Tonight you’re mine.” 

He paid the check and as they waited for the valet to bring their cars she stepped into his arms and kissed him. She felt the electricity flow through her body as their lips met and his tongue sought hers. Once again her nipples grew hard and now she could feel the dampness of her thong.

Finally the cars came and he fell in behind her, following her to her condo. As soon as they were inside, they picked up where they left off. Without so much as a word they came together. His arms encircled her waist as she lifted her lips to his. The kiss was warm and wet and she let out an audible moan. 

“God you taste good. I want you so much.” She could feel the fire rush through her body. 

His hands began to slowly rub up and down her back, as her hands found their way to his ass and she gave him a quick and friendly squeeze of welcome. Her hands moved to pull his t-shirt over his head, eager to expose his flesh. 

“Oh, how I've waited for this!” she said softly. She started gently licking his chest, stopping first to suck his right nipple between her lips then to gently bite it with her teeth. He sighed with pleasure and she could feel his dick begin to harden against her thigh. 

Then she reached for his belt. It didn’t take long to remove his pants and lower his boxer briefs so that she could have access to his dick. Her right hand reached under his balls, caressing them with just enough pressure to make him squirm while her left hand slid up his shaft from bottom to top, and circled the tip of his dick. It was rock hard and thick and she knew it would feel good in all her holes. 

Already there was a drop of two of pre-cum oozing from the tip and the spread it around the head with her finger. She could not wait to take him into her mouth. She pulled him over to the sofa, and sat him down, legs apart, so she could kneel in front of him and taste the manly sweetness of his thick, circumcised dick. 

She lowered her mouth to him, and flicked my tongue over the tip. No, you can't put it all the way in yet Mr. Man. I want you to beg me to suck you, she thought.  I will tease the shaft and the tip of your dick...I will nibble your balls until you beg me to take you all the way into my mouth...and when I do, you will understand who has skills here!

Joseph’s dick jumped at her warm touch. She sat there for a moment, stroking it softly before sliding it past her lips and into her mouth. This time she took it all the way in, down to the root, soaking his entire shaft with her saliva and tickling his balls with her tongue. With his cock firmly embedded in her throat, she looked up at him with her deep brown eyes.  Then he put his hand behind her head, encouraging her to continue. 

Slowly, she drew her head back, sliding her lips over the glistening wet shaft. When the dick popped free, she teased it by poking her nimble tongue into the hole, tasting his pre-cum then running it around the crown. Her hand gave his balls a gentle squeeze, as her head rocked right to left. She drew back form his hard dick and there was a thin string of saliva connecting the head to her tongue. 

She playfully sucked it back in before bobbing back down on his dick. As she continued to suck him, her hand wandered from his balls back to his ass. Soon her fingertip was massaging his asshole as her mouth repeatedly swallowed up his beautiful dick. She then took her finger and soaked it with her mouth, getting it nice and wet, before putting back at his ass. She could see the surprised look on his face when her wet finger slid up his ass. Joseph gasped in pleasure as she looked up at him with a naughty grin. 

“Don’t fight it baby, let me please you”, she whispered.

She started to suck faster and faster, as she pushed her finger deeper into his ass. She could feel him trying to relax, as she wiggled the finger back and forth while her mouth sucked hungrily on his dick. She started to moan around his cock she felt herself close to cumming with him. Her finger started working faster, fucking his ass as it clamped down on it. She went on, massaging his prostate, trying to force the cum from his balls. 

Suddenly he tensed, and his ass constricted around her finger, holding it firmly in place. His dick jumped and let loose a massive blast of cum right down her throat. She moaned even louder as her hand jerked at his dick, sending more of the hot cream into her waiting mouth. She gulped it down greedily, as if it was her only meal of the day, slowly withdrawing her finger from his ass.

"Damn, you're good” Joseph said as he pulled her to him. "But I think it’s your turn now." He licked a few errant droplets of cum from the corner of her mouth. Then, surprising her completely, he picked her up and carried her into the bedroom. 

He laid her on the bed and began to slowly undress her. First, off came the silk blouse followed by the mini-skirt, until she lay there in only her bra and matching thong.

“You have a great body,” he said as he looked down at her. He opened the catch on her front closing bra revealing her firm 36D breasts and the large nipples, which were standing up like little pencil erasers. Taking his time, he began to suck and nibble on them causing her to moan and squirm. She had heard women talk about being able to cum from having their breasts stimulated and for the first time she could feel herself getting close.

He began rubbing her pussy through the sheer fabric of the thong. By now it was soaking wet with her juices. With a sudden movement he ripped the thin material, leaving her shaved slit open to his gaze. She watched him drop the torn fabric on the floor. He began teasing her pussy with his fingers, gently pinching her clit. He ran his fingers up and down her moist slit, circling her asshole before returning to his starting point. 

She placed her hands on his shoulders and as she pushed down rose to rub her wet pussy on his chin and lips. She gasped and moaned as she felt his tongue flick across her sensitive skin, before he began sliding it in and out of her. She bucked her hips, rubbing against his face, loving the rough feeling of his goatee. Joseph was truly a master of the art of eating pussy. 


She felt the pressure of his thumb on her tight asshole, gently rubbing it as his mouth sucked on her clit. Suddenly the feeling overtook her and she heard herself screaming, “Yes baby, yes!” She was cumming and he stayed right there, swallowing the hot cream that squirted from her pussy. She often tried to hold back because one former lover had sworn he “almost drowned” when she squirted but there was no stopping now. For his part Joseph didn’t seem to mind and in fact seemed even more turned on, his dick beginning to swell anew.
After she caught her breath she said, “I guess you think we are even. Not yet. I want you inside me now!” She gasped as he thrust his thick, hard dick into her sopping pussy. He began fucking her with long, slow stokes. Moaning, she met him thrust for thrust. "Harder, faster, harder" she whispered into his ear. He responded by kissing her, gently catching her lip in his teeth. He sat up on his knees, grabbing her hips as he began to thrust into her again. She put her feet up on his shoulders, enjoying the deeper penetration. Joseph leaned down and began sucking and biting her nipples, all the while driving into her deeper with each thrust. She knew it wouldn’t take long with him stroking her that way. Screaming and moaning she felt a serious orgasm tear through her, leaving her shuddering and shivering. He never missed a stroke and continued to pound her pussy.

Summoning all her strength she pushed him off. He looked at her questioningly, and a bit shocked. "Is something wrong, baby?” She just grinned devilishly at him and pushed him onto his back. She straddled him, slowly lowering herself onto his shaft. She clenched her teeth in pure pleasure as she grinded into his pelvis, swallowing all of him in her hot wet slit. He pulled her forward, again taking a nipple into his mouth. Electric waves of pleasure shot through her as he bit down a bit too roughly. Moving his hands to her hips, he controlled the tempo as she rode his dick. Now she could feel another climax building.

"Yeah, baby that's it." She shouted. He began pushing himself into her on every downward movement. She looked into his face, intrigued by his expression as his own orgasm built. She arched her back as his climax hit, just as his hot spurts of cum were shooting into her. Gasping for breath she collapsed onto his chest. He thrust a few more times, his hands gripping her hips tightly. Then she felt his body relax under hers.

She rolled off of him. "I think I won't forget that,” she murmured contentedly. She slid down to lick gently at his cream covered dick tasting the blend of their juices. 

He didn't say anything, just pulled her up to him as their lips met and he tasted the combined flavors. Then she snuggled into him, basking in the warm afterglow of sex. 

Joseph dozed for a while then was awakened by her warm wet mouth enveloping his soft penis. 

“Damn baby, are you insatiable?” he asked. She didn’t answer right away just continued to suck him gently. 

“You still have work to do”, she finally said. “I told you I wanted it in all my holes. There is one spot left where I need you. I want you in my ass.” 

She really gave him no choice. After she sucked him hard again, she got and all fours. She felt his tongue slide down her crack towards her tight hole. She shuddered in pleasure and anticipation. A soft moan escaped her lips as his tongue flicked across her puckered anus, getting her ready for what came next.

When stepped away she looked over her shoulder to see what he was up to. A smile came to her face as she saw him lubing up that thick dick of his. Because of the way she was made, this was the best way to hit her G spot and he had the perfect tool for it. Then the head was rubbing against the firm roundness of her ass. 

Slowly he eased his dick into her, an inch at a time. He would slide in a bit, before slowly pulling back, only to give her a bit more of his thick rod when he slid back in. There was the hint of pain at first, but she refused to show it. He seemed so sure of himself, so in control. She wouldn't give him the pleasure of knowing it hurt. After a few more slow strokes he pushed himself in to the hilt. She moaned, “Yes baby, give it to me” in mixed pleasure and pain. 

He stayed still for a few moments as she slowly relaxed the muscles in her butt.

"Joseph, fuck me” she demanded. I can't stand this a moment longer,” she whispered through her clenched teeth. 

He began fucking her ass in earnest, slamming into her a bit harder each time. She was really starting to get into it, ramming her ass into each of his strokes, daring him to fuck her harder. 

She felt his balls knocking against her pussy, turning her on all the more. "Oh, God, Joseph, I'm going to cum!" she screamed out. 

"That's right, baby,” he said, “You love having my hard cock up your ass, don't you?"

She didn't answer, just rammed her round butt into him, as he held onto her hips, fucking her so hard. She felt the orgasm coming on in waves, unstopping. Her eyes rolled back in her head as she screamed out his name over and over. 

He began moaning and grunting, thrusting into her one final time as she felt his dick pulsate in her, tight, sensitive ass. Then there was the warmth of his come deep inside her, icing on the cake to her own climax. 

He shuddered a few more times before he wrapped his arms around her waist and rolled her over onto her side. She could feel his dick soften and slide out of her ass. He stroked her hair, and nibbled on her neck. This amazing man had more than satisfied the horniness from all the past months. They drifted off to sleep then, both agreeing that this would happen again and again.