 All the characters who appear in this story are over 18. Yesterday, Sandy was seduced by the man she had a crush on. Today, she's giving him everything. If you haven't read Chapter 1 yet, go there first. This chapter stands alone, but it's even better if you know how Sandy and Jim got here. Enjoy! -AR

*****

"Good morning Kitten" was the first thing I heard as Jim roused me from sleep. My husband! His hand on my breast reminded me I was his. His lips on my neck and his hard cock pressed tight against my side told me I was about to be filled again.

I could barely pant, "Morning," as his hand stroked down my belly. My legs opened for his fingers, my lips moistened as the heat rose. "Oh baby..." Baby! He fucked me to exhaustion on our first night together and he was fucking me awake our first morning. "Yes... oh please."

I looked up at his eyes as he slipped in, my pussy got so wet, so fast. Still half asleep, I squirmed under him and wrapped my legs around him as he stroked. Last night was a hard fucking, this was making love. I reached up to caress his cheek, rough, unshaven. "I love you."

Gripping, squeezing while he pumped, milking his cock. My clit throbbed and pulsed as I thought about how much I wanted his baby. My womb opened and his seed began to flow, "Make me a mommy..."

He held me tight afterward, light kisses all over my face.

"I love you Kitten."

I smiled. "When did I become your 'Kitten'?"

"Last night, somewhere in the middle of breeding you. The way you took me and asked for more. Wanting so much, so young. A kitten with a grown up pussy. Every once in a while I catch a flash of your claws."

"I love it." I pulled him close for a kiss but it didn't go far. Too scratchy and we both had morning breath.

He took me into the shower after the glow faded. I loved being bathed and it felt just as good to wash him. Touching, teasing, feeling him harden in my hand, my clit twitching under his soapy palm. Watching him shave. Kissing under the spray, my nipples burning against his chest.

As we dried off I told him "I want a shower like this someday, with a bath big enough for two right next to it."

"We'll put it on the list. First is a new wardrobe. That includes panties that remind you you're a fucktoy and bras that hide nothing."

I blushed fast and deep, remembering what I said the night before and wondering how much of that other story he read... 'His Fucktoy.'

"We're going to skip Tahoe this week and stay in Vegas for spa treatments, a makeover, and shopping. Instead of walks on the beach, you'll learn to be the slut I want in my bedroom and the refined, sensual woman I want on my arm when we go out. All the men will look twice when they see you coming."

He lifted my chin to look into my eyes.

"Are you sure you want to be my fucktoy? Are you ready to be trained? Think for a minute. If you say yes, you'll be a slave to your clit by the time our baby begins to show."

Reading about it got me so hot, making it real was scary. But my whole body flushed and he watched my nipples tighten. He knew I wanted it. His hand slipped down, his middle finger thrust in deep, and he began stroking that sensitive spot inside. He held me tight with his whole hand.

"Answer me."

"Yes Sir. Yes. Make me your fucktoy."

He kissed me hard, claiming my mouth. He squeezed and released, squeezed and released, squeezed... I spread my legs when he pinned me to the wall and dropped to his knees. His fingers worked deep. He held his tongue against my clit and shook his head back and forth. I came so fast, I just collapsed over him.

As I came down he said, "First thing tonight we're going to shave. Picking hairs out of your mouth when you're giving head is the worst."

He laughed, I giggled. I knew he was right.

"Breakfast first, then we hit the stores for makeup, underwear, lingerie. Tops that flash your bra and display your tits without one. Summer shorts, tight around the ass. Dresses, some with a low neckline, definitely one with a deep plunge. Maternity stores too, because you'll probably be pregnant most of the next ten years. After dinner we'll begin to unleash your inner slut."

I stood there naked, shivering, so turned on. "Yes Sir."

"Relax. Breathe. Get dressed Kitten, time to start the day."

I hugged him tight for just long enough to whisper "I love you Jim."

As I pulled on the boring panties we got the night before, he said, "Leave the bra, you don't need it. Just that t-shirt and your shorts and we're good to go."

I blushed in the coffee shop over breakfast, when I looked down and noticed how obvious my nipples were. He saw how embarrassed I was.

"Relax Sandy, half the people in this restaurant were doing the same thing we were doing this morning, and the other half will be doing it tonight. Some are doing it morning and night, just like us. You're a newlywed wife, hoping to get pregnant on her honeymoon. Own it."

The rest of the day was a progression of stores. First lingerie. A set of bras and panties, some pajamas and another nightgown. The bras were soft, unlined, no wires, except for the one that left my nipples exposed. A couple pair of low cut boy shorts for wearing with pants, but mostly g-strings and v-strings for dresses. I picked out a cute romper, backless, that plunged to the waist. The bottoms were loose and full. Jim would have access to all of me without taking anything off, if that's what he wanted. 

After we walked out, Jim told me I'd be wearing a lot of dresses from now on. He would take me whenever he wanted to with the dress on or off. I wouldn't be wearing panties most of the time. Even if I was, I'd drop them on command, lie back, and spread my legs. Fucktoy.

The next shock was at the dress store. There were some cute sundresses in the window that I liked, and Jim found one he really liked. It was white cotton, with top panels cut to the waist on the sides. Beautiful embroidery on the front, flowers and vines, but nobody was going to be looking at them. The front panel left a lot of boob and bra hanging out on the side, and the skirt didn't even go halfway to my knees.

When we got to the register he asked the cashier to pull all the tags. Then he handed me the dress, a white v-string, and a tiny white triangle bra, and told me to go change. When I looked in the mirror I freaked out, the bra left a lot uncovered and the top didn't hide anything.

I slipped out of the dressing room and asked, "Do I have to?"

He hugged me and leaned down to whisper in my ear, "Yes fucktoy." He took me by the hand and led me out the door. At first I looked down, but then he made me look around. A lot of the women in the mall weren't wearing much more than I was. I started to relax a little, but found myself getting turned on.

My nipples were like bullets, the air conditioning made them even tighter and totally popped out. But it didn't seem as embarrassing as the t-shirt, this top wasn't quite that tight. Then I remembered half my boobs were hanging out, and I blushed. My skin is so pale, there was no hiding it.

I'm a fucktoy. This is what it means to be a fucktoy. I shuddered and leaned into Jim, pulled his hand around my waist as we walked to the makeup store. I had never worn makeup, ever.

The girl at the Mac counter gave me a nice smile as Jim explained what I needed. Color matching, a light everyday look, a more pronounced evening look with bolder lipstick and mascara. All the brushes, a nice kit, and a couple of lessons on how to use everything. I did my best to smile, but probably looked scared.

We signed up for a long makeover session after lunch and a shorter session on Thursday, just before dinner. Jim asked me what I'd like and I chose Mexican again. It shouldn't take him long to learn how much I loved everything on a classic Mexican menu.

My mother's mom, mi abuela, grew up in Mexico City. She made killer black beans and herbed rice and stuffed chiles... and her arroz con pollo was to die for. He was in for a big surprise, and not just about the food. If she saw me dressed like this she wouldn't blink, just pull me into my bedroom by the ear, give me a sharp slap and say, "What were you thinking niña?!?"

Only my bedroom would be his bedroom now, and there wouldn't be much on the hangers that didn't look like this. I was Jim's wife, but I was her granddaughter too. My mom used to talk about how she threw food at my grandfather when he made her mad... Fuck. Fucktoy life was going require some thinking, and some negotiation.

When I sat down in the booth, he slid in beside me and took my hand. I was so hungry, all this sex and shopping built an appetite. Plus I might be eating for two already. Whoa. I ordered chile relleno, an enchilada, a taco, and guacamole on the side. I didn't get these hips from skipping the guacamole.

Jim was a little surprised. "I didn't know you spoke Spanish."

I gave him a sweet smile. "Honors student, AP classes. Plus my grandmother is Mexican and taught me when I was little. And yesterday I didn't know I would be wearing these clothes and flashing my boobs to total strangers, but here we are."

He coughed and choked on his iced tea, then kissed me so nice, so soft. He scooted closer and whispered in my ear again. "Slip your hand down, under your dress and string Kitten. You're wet enough to slip a finger inside, I know you are. Do it. Now."

I looked around, scared, but he was shielding me in the back of this booth, so I did it. Fast. He squeezed my butt with one hand, and pulled my hand up to kiss. Then he sucked my finger into his mouth and released it quickly. Bullets again. He would take me right here if we could get away with it. Shivers.

After lunch I started learning makeup while Jim did some shopping on his own. Rose was kind and patient, tried a bunch of colors on my cheek, then showed me the whole process. The simple look was easy, she said my skin was so good I didn't need much. The sexy look was harder, blending in the blush and getting the eyes right. More, but not too much.

When Jim came back to pay for everything I was shocked. "Can we afford all this?"

"Yes, love. I'll explain about our budget after we get back home. For now just relax and enjoy yourself."

Wow. I walked out carrying a full case worth more than all the clothes we bought that morning. When Jim reached out to carry it for me I held on to the handle tight. "I can carry my own makeup case baby, I'm not some skinny, weak girl. This is mine." He carried all the shopping bags.

"Alright Kitten, whatever you say. We only have a few more places to visit before dinner. Maternity shops. We'll pick up some dresses, with plenty of room for the baby."

They had really pretty dresses, comfortable, loose and full. I loved the look, and these were clothes I could wear around my family. By the end of the day I was tired and starving, again. Shopping is hard work.

Dinner was room service, good Italian, not too heavy. We called my grandmother to give her the news, and she sounded glad for us. "Your mama said he was a good man, even if you two did run off to Vegas."

"I love him, and he is a good man. Kind and gentle and strong too. I am so happy."

Jim said a few words and then we turned the lights down low and relaxed, to let the food settle. I started wondering what was next.

"Go ahead and strip Kitten, it's time to shave."

He spread some towels on the big chair and I sat down.

"Spread your legs as wide as you can, then pull your knees back tight."

I felt so submissive, so vulnerable. I wondered how I would feel if he tied my wrists to my knees, then pulled the ropes tight and tied them behind the chair. The husband in that story did that to his wife, then just stretched over her and fucked her whenever he got hard. Afterwards he made her come, to make sure his sperm got sucked into her womb. Breeding her while she was ovulating, all day. He made her say things too, made her ask for it...

I snapped back to reality when Jim turned on the little electric trimmer. When he finished with that, he washed me and soaped me and went to work with the razor. He was careful and gentle, each stroke of the razor moved away from my clit. Then he oiled me and began to tease, pulling my lips, snapping my clit.

"From now on, when you hear the word fucktoy when we are alone, you will submit. You will present and surrender your womb. You will call me Sir. You will call yourself slut. Do you understand fucktoy?"

"Yes Sir."

"Yes Sir what? What is your name?"

"Slut. Yes Sir, slut understands." He read the whole story, probably more than once. This was his fantasy as much as it was mine. Somewhere inside I had known that from the moment he claimed me and filled me with his seed. We fit. A matched pair.

"Does slut want to come?"

"Yes Sir, slut wants to come. Slut always wants to come."

"Let your legs down, put your heels on the arms of the chair. Stroke your tits, pull your nipples, play with yourself like a good slut, getting ready to come."

"Yes Sir. I am a good slut. Please Sir, make me come." He went to work with his hands and lips and tongue. He had kept me aroused all day and I was ready to come, throbbing, on edge.

"When you feel yourself begin to come, say 'Fuck me,' loud. Keep saying it until you finish coming. Do you understand?"

"Yes Sir, slut is close. Slut wants to fuck. Slut needs to fuck.

"Oh god yes, Fuck me. Fuuuck me. Fuck meeeeee!"

I convulsed and twisted around, out of control, out of breath, gasping. He stayed right with me, sucking, probing, stroking, stretching it out, until I finished. I understood now how hearing those words aroused him, spurred him on, made him lose control. I knew in a month, or maybe two, we would both be completely out of control, responding to the same words, the same triggers.

Two baby makers breeding, with no other thought in our minds.

He moved up over me, kissed me on the cheek, said, "My turn."

We got fresh towels and wash cloths, and he sprawled out on the chair. The electric trimmer was easy, the razor made me nervous.

"Start at the top Kitten, then work your way down each side to my balls. Shave from the base of my balls back up to my cock. Leave a little bit all around the base, that's where it gets tricky, easy to cut with a small slip. Let me handle that part tonight. When we get back home we'll find a good waxing salon, that's much safer."

Waxing? A salon?

"Can't we learn to wax? I don't want any other woman touching you like this. Ever. Not even once. I'll learn and then I'll teach you. I don't want anyone else touching me either. It can't be that difficult."

"Sounds good to me."

I was almost done, and let him finish shaving. I stroked his cock gently, keeping it hard, making it easy for him. When he was smooth, I washed him again, oiled him until he began to drip.

My cock. My seed. My man.

"Open your mouth fucktoy."

I let him take over, let him slip the head between my lips. Let him guide my head, stroke the tip against my cheek, and then slide it back into my mouth. I was sucking my first cock, my only cock. It wasn't huge, maybe seven inches long and a nice fist full. It fit me perfectly.

He pulled me away and got up.

"Let's take a shower before I breed you tonight. Wash off all the oil and get clean. From now on we'll use breeding lube."

"Breeding lube? How does that work?"

"It's a lot like semen, with nutrients and designed to keep sperm alive."

Wow, who knew. Actually, I guess a lot of people knew, but I didn't. Until now. When my egg dropped, it was going straight into a sea of strong, living sperm.

I was a fertile slut. A breeding fucktoy. A mommy for sure, and soon.

After the shower he lubed me and threw a couple of pillows on the floor. Put me on my knees. He stood before me, his cock in my face.

"Play with your pussy fucktoy, while I fuck your mouth. When you get close, beg me to fuck you. Drop back and pull your legs up. I'm going to come hard and fast. Look me in the eye while we breed. Keep begging me, ask for a baby."

I barely had a moment to say, "Yes Sir," before he filled my mouth and began to stroke. I knew I had to keep my lips over my teeth. I had to suck. I had to lick. And I had to bring myself to the edge.

It went so quickly I can't even describe how it felt, or exactly what I said or did. When I rolled back and spread for him he speared me. Pounded me. I begged.

"Fuck me. Knock me up. I need it. Please give me a baby."

And he did. He pumped another load deep into me while I came. Straight into my babymaker. I was a good slut.

His.