 Greg finally made it home from work. It had been an unusually long day and he was tired. He walked into his modest two-bedroom apartment, loosened his tie, and kicked off his shoes. He walked to the refrigerator, pulled out a beer, and the pizza box left over from last night, and then he went back to his home office and set his dinner down on his desk. He pushed the button on his computer, opened up the beer, and went to his bedroom to change clothes while it booted up. He changed into a pair of shorts that he probably wouldn't ever wear outside of the house. They had paint stains on them, and a hole in a rather embarrassing spot, right in the front, but they were comfortable. He put on a tank top that was in about the same shape.

On his way out of the room, he saw himself in the full-length mirror. He was in his forties, and if anyone was asked to guess his age, they usually hit it within a couple of years. His hair was turning gray in a few spots. Not in the way that made him look distinguished, but in the way that just made him look old. He was a little over weight, Not really fat, but a little out of shape, and he sucked in his gut, to make himself feel better more than anything. He went back to the other room to his computer desk, to start the night's entertainment, while he got a little extra work done. 

He'd been married to who he thought was the girl of his dreams. They made a home together and lived very happily, or at least he thought, for fifteen years. They had one child together, a boy that lived with his mother. He got to see him on some holidays, and usually for a few weeks in the summer. When they were divorced, she remarried quickly, and moved out of state. He made excuses to himself that he was just too busy to get involved with someone, or he would start dating next year, maybe. The fact of the matter was that Greg was a little shy, and very afraid of getting hurt again.

Almost all of Greg's entertainment came from the computer. Chat rooms mostly, the occasional private message would come through, but usually ended quickly when photos were exchanged. Most nights he simply checked the chat rooms out, trying to find a woman that was showing off her body on her video camera. Usually the night ended with him horny and frustrated, with a paper towel full of cum in the wastebasket and no closer to a relationship then when he booted the computer up. That was until he met Abby.

He'd met Abby in a chat room. He was just making conversation, and telling a few jokes. She messaged him privately to tell him that she thought he was funny. This led to an all night conversation. She didn't ask him for his picture and she didn't have one on her profile. She had her age listed as twenty-five. Kind of young for him, he thought at first, but it was a conversation with a girl that lasted more then twenty minutes. 

Inevitably, the subject of pictures came up. He got hers first. She wasn't ugly, or fat. She was gorgeous. She was tall, and slender, with an angelic face, and an outrageous body. Panic immediately set in. She was so far out of his league, he thought, that she was in another solar system. Now it was his turn to send his photo. He warned her that he was older, and not in very good shape. She didn't seem to care. "Send it." She pleaded. "I wanna see what you look like." He selected the picture that he was going to send. It was recent, and he was pretty dressed up as the picture was taken at work. He closed his eyes, and with a shaky, sweaty hand, clicked the mouse. The next few seconds were unbearable. Every scenario of rejection went through his head. He looked at her username expecting that it would go offline, and she, of course would put him on ignore. He stood up, and walked out of the room. 

He went to the kitchen, slung open the refrigerator, grabbed a beer, and figured he'd might as well get drunk. It was over. He repulsed her he knew it. He walked back into the room, looked at the computer screen, holding out the last little bit of hope. The ding that told him a message was waiting almost scared him. She'd answered him back. He clicked on the message, still being the pessimist that he was, expecting the "You look like my father" comment. "Your cute" was what she said instead. He couldn't believe what he read. He even asked her if she was sure, and made sure she was looking at the right photo. She explained that she liked older men and that she always had. She went on to say that she'd had enough with the younger, "tough guy" types that didn't know how to treat a woman. She had a career and didn't need anyone to take care of her. She just needed someone that would love her the way she wanted; the way she needed to be loved.

Soon, phone numbers were exchanged, and they talked on the phone sometimes. She lived in another state and it was expensive to call, so the computer was still their main form of communication. She purchased a web cam, and encouraged him to do the same. The picture she sent him earlier was really she, and he still didn't turn her off. She even thought his ragged shorts were cute. 

They moved on to a few sessions of cyber sex, where he watched her masturbate, and she watched him. This worked for them for a time. Four or five months had gone by when during one night's conversation, she brought up that she wanted to meet him. She explained that she had some vacation saved up, and one of her friends had a house on the beach. They would meet at a neutral location, of course. There was always the possibility that neither was who they appeared to be, but she really wanted to meet him. They set up a date, a time, and a place. He would have to fly, and planned on renting a car. The vacation house was only a few hours from where she was.

Greg went shopping, every day, for a week before his vacation, trying to pick out the perfect outfit. He didn't want to look like an old man trying to look young, but he wanted to look good. His vacation was scheduled, his flight was booked and he had more new clothes than he'd bought in three years. He packed his bags, at least three times as he changed his mind about what he wanted to wear the first day. He carried his bag down to his car, took a deep breath, started the engine, and left for the airport. He pulled his car into the long-term lot, got his bag out of the trunk, and headed for the terminal. His cell phone rang before he got out of the parking lot. It was her number on the caller ID. His first thought was that she wanted to back out, as that was his luck with ladies lately.

"All ready to go?" Abby asked him.

"Uh, yea, I'm at the airport now." Gregg explained. "Are you ready for me?"

The phone was quiet for a second or two. "Yep, I just wanted to know that you were sure about this."

"Of course I'm sure." He sounded a little astonished at the question.

"Ok, so we're still on for dinner?" She had a question in her voice like she was nervous.

"Are you sure you want to do this Abby?" He asked, not sure if he wanted to know the answer.

"Yea, I'm sure. It's just that 'meeting someone new' thing, ya know?" She reassured him.

"Yea, I know. I'm sweating bullets." He admitted.

"I don't bite." She said sounding a little seductive. "I nibble a little, but it's affectionate." She giggled nervously.

Greg smiled at that comment. "Well, I've got to get through security babe, I'll see you in a few hours."

"Ok, have a safe trip, and I'll see you." She hung up. 

Greg made it through security without any problems, and was soon on the plane ready for takeoff. The flight was somewhat bumpy, and he was definitely ready to disembark when it landed. He retrieved his bag, rented his car, and headed to the restaurant. He studied the map he'd printed, and tried to negotiate his way through the tiny beach town. He pulled into the parking lot, and parked his car. Should he go in, and wait, or stay in the car. If he stayed in the car, it might make him look like a stalker or a maniac. He went into the restaurant, found a seat at the bar where he could watch the door, and waited.

Abby drove by the restaurant for the third time. She just couldn't bring herself to pull in to the lot. She wanted to see him, but didn't want to disappoint him. Would he think she was too tall, or too skinny? Maybe her laugh would turn him off, as she tended to snort a little if she laughed hard enough. Or, perhaps the fact that she was a CPA at twenty-five, and probably made more money than he does, would intimidate him. Maybe she was too immature for him. Finally on the fourth trip up and down the same block, she pulled in. She looked through the parking lot trying to see his car, and then realized that he was in a rental. It could be any of them. She parked her car, and checked her makeup and her neck length auburn hair in the mirror. She got out, and straightened her dress. Everything looked pretty good, but she couldn't help being self-conscious. She walked in the door, and tried to find him.

He saw her from across the smoky bar. She was just as beautiful in person as she was in her pictures. More so, he thought. The way she moved, they way she turned her head made his heart flutter. He waved at her, and he immediately wished he hadn't, but it was too late, she noticed him. She smiled, then waved, and then walked towards him. He'd played out in his mind what he was going to do when they met a thousand times, but he'd forgotten all of it. When she walked up, she had her hand out as if to shake, but he reached for her, embraced her tightly, and kissed her full on the lips. Their bodies melted together in a deep, passionate kiss. Everything in that moment was right with the world. She kissed him back, embracing him tightly. They kissed for what seemed like a long time and when they separated, they didn't want to let go of each other. They managed to find each other's hands, and he offered her a seat next to his.

Abby finally spoke first. "How was your flight?" Her voice was shaking a little.

"A little bumpy." He said. "I was happy when we landed. Do you want a drink?" He was already waiving to the bartender.

"Yea, sure, I could use a martini." She said without thinking about it too much.

He ordered her drink for her. "How was your drive?" He asked, trying to make small talk. 

"It was fine. It took longer than I thought it would, but it was ok." She answered, making small talk of her own. Her drink arrived. She smiled at the bartender and took a large drink from it.

"Well, are you hungry yet? I can go get us a table." He started to get up, but her hand on his arm stopped him.

"I'm not really hungry Greg. Are you?" She bit her bottom lip, slightly embarrassed at what she was thinking.

Greg saw the pouting look and her large green eyes melted the very heart of his soul. "No, not really." He admitted. "Do you want to just get out of here?" When the words came out of his mouth, he couldn't believe he actually said them. 

"Yea, lets just go to the house." She answered, much to the surprise of both of them. 

For Abby, it had been a long time since she'd had the attention of a man. She'd been so busy with college, and her career that she hadn't had much time for guys. The few, short term, relationships that she'd been involved with were either people she worked with, or friends of her mother's friends kids, and she found out soon that that's what they were, kids. She longed for the attention of a true man. One who not only knew what he wanted when he grew up, but was actually doing it.

Greg got up from his stool, held out his hand to help her down. Abby picked up her pocket book, and headed for the door. Greg walked up next to her, put his hand on the small of her back, and guided her through the growing crowd at the bar. 

He followed her car, the short distance from the restaurant to the beach house. She was getting out of the car as he pulled in behind her. She waited for him to get out of his car, reached into her handbag and pulled out the keys to the house. They walked up the short walkway to the front door. She unlocked the door, and walked inside, ahead of him.

He followed her inside the house and made sure the door was closed. She dropped her pocket book and the keys, and then grabbed him. Their tongues entwined in a passionate kiss, their arms locked in embrace. She broke the embrace, held on to one of his hands and reached down to take her shoes off. She turned and led him by the hand through the house. She turned and faced him while walking backwards and fumbled with the buttons on his shirt, kissing him madly. 

They reached the bedroom, his shirt unbuttoned completely, and she started working on his belt. He reached around her for the zipper to her dress and found it. He unzipped it and it almost fell completely off of her. She had his belt undone and was working on his zipper. He moved his kisses from her lips to her cheek, then down to her neck. She flew her head back in ecstasy. She broke his embrace, and left his kisses. She backed up from him, put her finger up to her lips, and held her dress up with the other hand. She smiled seductively at him, walked over to a table in the room and turned on a stereo. A reggae rendition of Bob Dylan's "Knockin' On Heaven's Door" played as Abby dimmed the lights. 

When the mood of the room was to her liking, she stood across the room from him, looked seductively into his eyes, and let her dress fall to the floor revealing a matching set of light blue, lacy underwear. She reached behind her, unhooked her bra, and let it fall to the floor revealing the most perfect, milky white, luscious set of breasts he had ever laid eyes on. Her stomach was flat, and sexy, and her legs were long and sumptuous. She walked over to him pulled his shirt off of his shoulders, letting it land on the floor in a heap. She pressed her lovely mounds against his chest sending shockwaves of pleasure searing through his being. She let his shirt fall to the floor, hooked her thumbs into the waist of his pants, and pulled his pants down as she dropped to her knees. She reached her hands up and ran her fingers over his chest, her breath hot on his steel hard shaft that was straining at his boxer shorts for freedom. 

She brought her hands down to his sides and pulled his boxers down to his ankles setting his manhood free. She looked up at him, licked her lips, smiled seductively, and thrust her mouth down on his cock, taking the entire nine inches down her throat leaving her nose resting on his stomach. His knees buckled, and he thought he might fall. His hands immediately found the back of her head, urging his throbbing spear farther. She pulled back, ran her tongue around the helmet shaped glans, and then plunged again enveloping him in warmth. She pulled his cock out of her mouth, and licked up and down his shaft, then delicately took each testicle in to her mouth, sucking gently, her hand stroking the shaft of his dick, picking up speed. Her touch was so delicate, so erotic, that he couldn't help himself and started to feel his hot seed building in the base of his scrotum. She plunged her hot mouth over him again and that's all it took. He groaned quietly, and began his release. It surprised her when he came, causing her to gag a little. She quickly recovered, and managed to swallow everything he gave her. 

He reached down, helped her to her feet, and kissed her deeply. He bent slightly, picked her up, cradling her in his arms, carried her to the bed and set her down gently. She scooted herself to the center of the bed, and looked at him with sensual anticipation. He crawled onto the bed beside her, and immediately lavished her neglected body in warm soft kisses. His adventurous mouth soon found her divine mammaries and he licked and sucked on each nipple with the precision of a maestro, leading his orchestra to a familiar concerto.

His hands roamed over her delicious flesh, probing, exploring. She moaned at his touch, as little shock waves of pleasure saturated her senses. He worked his way down to her flat, toned tummy, and ran his tongue in and around her navel, making her giggle slightly. He made a saliva trail from her belly button to the top of her neatly trimmed, auburn pubic hair, as he reached between her knees, prodding her gently to spread her legs. He shifted his position, on his knees, between her legs and could smell the sweet musky scent of passion. The heat from her sex was intense and it radiated to his cheeks as he gently kissed the inside of one thigh, then the other. He allowed his hands to probe her breasts, pinching and teasing her nipples to full erection. He let his tongue drift lazily across the hood that covered her sensitive clitoris making her jump slightly at the sensation. His tongue drifted down ward in a circular motion, down one side of her moistening slit, then up the other side grazing her puffy outer lips. 

She spread her legs further allowing him full access to her steaming womanhood and gently pulled on the back of his head, urging him closer, needing him to touch her there. Greg dove his tongue deep into her seeping tunnel as far as it would go, then licked all the way up to her throbbing bud. He gently inserted a finger, then two into her. She moaned at the intrusion. His fingers darted in and out of her, grazing her g-spot with each gentle thrust. His tongue made small circles around her clit. He felt the pressure on the back of his head and took that as a sign to pick up the pace. 

He sucked on her clit, and fiddled it with the tip of his exploring tongue causing her to moan loudly, and twitch slightly. He could feel the inner walls of her now dripping cunt start to constrict, and spasm and knew she was close to spilling over in orgasm. The first wave hit her and she sucked in her breath sharply, and then moaned loudly. "Oh God Greg, don't stop, don't ever stop!" The pace of her breathing quickened, as gushes of feminine ejaculate gushed past his fingers and on to his face. She screamed loudly, something inaudible, and tensed every muscle in her body. She started to shake uncontrollably, pulling with all her strength on his head trying to get all of him that she could, then collapsed. He felt her clit pulse, her vagina contract and release trying to milk his fingers. He stopped all motion, but let his tongue rest on her clit. He moved his tongue slightly, and felt her jump. He pulled his fingers slowly from within, grazing her g-spot one final time. She moaned quietly as she started to come down from the most exuberant climax she'd ever experienced. He looked into her eyes, and started crawling his way up her scrumptious body. There lips met and their tongues collided. She wrapped her long legs around him pulling on him, wantonly urging him to enter her most private space.

He felt the head of his cock touch the outer lips of her sopping wet cunt, and pushed the head of it just past the outer labia. She pulled on him hard with her legs sending his pulsing rod to the very depths of her being. He pulled out slightly, and then pushed even farther. Their eyes locked in deep passion. A passion so deep that neither had known this level before. Their bodies melted together, intertwining their very souls into one. Her breath came in short gasps, her hips thrust upward to meet his powerful hips. Madly their bodies thrashed against one another, her breasts heaving with the motion of the two lovers. 

He felt pressure building, and wanted release. "C'mon baby!" She urged. "Cum with me baby!"

He picked up his pace and heard the headboard of the bed slam against the wall he lifted him self off of her slightly, and put his hands against the wall for leverage. She folded herself almost in half, thrashing her pussy skyward trying to send him deeper and deeper into her. 

"Oh God... oh shit Greg! C'mon baby, FUCK ME!" She screamed as her head thrashed from side to side. She reached down between her legs, fondled her clitoris lightly, and then erupted in blinding convulsions of ecstasy. 
