 "The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live."

- George Carlin




Emily Parsons was in love. 

She was sure of it. This was it. Never in all of her nineteen years had she felt this way about anyone. Emily smiled to herself as images of the last few months flitted through her brain like hummingbirds of joy. Kissing on Westville bridge while watching the sun set over the water, holding eachother closely and watching movies, going to dinner at the nicest restaurants in Westville. Emily was definitely in love.

She'd only been dating her boyfriend Jake for three months, but already she adored him. He was absolutely attentive to her every need. He would cater to her every whim, going to great, and sometimes absurd lengths to fulfill her wants. The week before she had mentioned haphazardly that she had loved sailing, and the next day he'd chartered a sailboat for them both. It helped that he was filthy rich and could afford her most lavish desires, but even if he'd been poor she would still love him. He was just fantastic. 

These thoughts and more raced through her mind as she ran out the front door of her parents' house to greet him as he pulled up in his yellow Porsche convertible.

"Hey baby! Hop in!" he said as she ran to the passenger side and opened the car door. "You look fantastic," he said ogling her. 

Emily had gotten herself all done up for the occasion. Today was Jake's birthday and she wanted to look perfect for him. Her long blonde hair was perfectly coiffed in waves around her face giving her the ideal combination of innocent and sexy. Her big blue eyes, flawless complexion and plump, cherry red lips were made up just enough to accentuate her already magnificent features. But the real objects of desire, what gave her that special something, the feature that she displayed so confidently within her skimpy little sundress she'd bought specifically for his birthday, were Emily's big 38DD breasts. She'd been blessed with the most exquisite pair of tits in the town of Westville, and most likely many other places. They were usually the first thing that men noticed, which suited her fine. She knew that her breasts were two big reasons why a hot shot guy like Jake would put up with so much from her, and ask for more.

"You bring your suit?" Jake asked as he pulled away from her parents' house and started driving to the outskirts of Westville towards his home.

Emily smiled sweetly at him and held up a bag. "Of course sweetheart! You excited?"

"To see you in a bathing suit? Hell yeah!"

Emily grinned and reached over to his lap placing her hand on his already growing erection. "You'll see a lot more than a bathing suit later."

"Really?!" 

Jake and Emily hadn't slept together yet. Emily had decided to hold off for longer than she had with most of her other relationships. She felt like she was always giving away the goods too early and her choice had proved to be worthwhile as Jake was so desperate for her that he would do anything at all. She didn't want that to end, but realizing that he wouldn't stick around forever she'd decided that tonight his birthday present from her would be memorable to say the least. 

As the Porsche pulled up to Jake's house she was struck, yet again, by the grandeur of his home. White columns lined the front of a façade that would rival any mansion. A lush front lawn led up to two great doors accented with gold trim. Gaudy maybe, but also lavish, and Emily was fine with taking advantage of every perk that Jake offered her.

They walked together through the foyer and across the great room with its 70 inch plasma screen in the center. Looking around herself, Emily still couldn't get over just how wealthy Jake was. There must have been at least thirty rooms in the house. A few bedrooms including the master, at least eight bathrooms, a dining room that could easily have doubled as a ballroom with a chandelier dangling from the forty foot ceiling. Five walk in closets, that Emily fantasized about filling with clothes when the two of them got married, and a game room in the basement that seemed like every teenage boy's dream, with arcade games, big plush couches and every amenity and electronic accoutrement imaginable.

Her white heels clicked on the marble tiles as she and Jake walked to the back of the house where she could already see people around the pool, mingling and basking in the warm summer sun.

Before they opened the back door to the party Emily turned and gave her boyfriend a kiss. "Happy Birthday honey."

"Thanks hot stuff," he said slapping her tight ass. 

They walked outside to find that the party was in full swing. Music played over a stereo system throughout the pool area while people talked and swam and drank fruity cocktails that the bartender was serving them. Caterers walked around in black ties serving hot, handmade hors-d'oeuvres to the guests. Jake must have spent a fortune on this party Emily thought, as she tasted a bit of salmon tartar. Jake excused himself and walked over to some people while Emily grabbed a drink and glanced around at the guests.

There were probably close to fifty people, and most of them Emily didn't know. She assumed they were colleagues from work. Jake was a financial advisor and the majority of who Emily assumed were his work friends had arrived in suits with the jackets and ties removed. That seemed to be about as casual as they were prepared to get even on the weekend. Three people were swimming in the pool though, and Emily recognized them as Jake's real friends Rob, Steve and Steve's girlfriend Alyssa. 

Jake, Rob and Steve had been friends since they were kids, and while Jake had gone on to make a fortune as a financial advisor, Rob and Steve had done reasonably well for themselves opening a landscaping company in Westville. They certainly weren't anywhere near as rich as Jake, but they seemed to do okay , and they were certainly the most laid back people at the party.

Emily walked over to the pool where the three friends were splashing around and enjoying themselves.

"Hey Em!" Rob yelled out, seeing her approach, "Come on in, the water's fine!"

"Hey guys!" Emily kicked off her sandals and sat on the edge of the pool. The three others swam up. "You having fun?"

"Yeah, good day to have a swim," Steve said rolling back on an inflatable raft, pushing the small beads at the end of his braided hair from his face. "Only thing that would make it better is if we had some ganj."

Emily looked at him confused.

"He means weed," Rob said smacking the raft and sending Steve drifting, "ever since he got back from Amsterdam he thinks he's Bob Marley."

"Bob Marley was Jamaican," Alyssa, a perky little pixie said swimming after her boyfriend. Alyssa wasn't gorgeous or voluptuous like Emily, but she was a cute little thing. And Steve and her seemed devoted to eachother. They'd just gotten back from Amsterdam the week before, and Emily was reasonably sure that neither of them remembered much, if any, of the trip.

"Yeah, until he gets rid of those ridiculous braids I don't think anybody is gonna take him seriously Lyss," Rob called after them. Rob flipped his black hair out of his eyes and turned back to Emily. "Jake gonna be chatting up the businessmen all day?"

"Probably," Emily replied rolling her eyes and looking over to her boyfriend who waved at her and Rob and continued his, no doubt, work related conversation. "I think I'll go change and join you guys in the pool," she said turning and smiling at Rob who diverted his eyes from her breasts ALMOST quick enough for her not to notice. Emily smiled at the tall, handsome landscaper, knowing that he and every other guy at the party was going to be having a tough time once she put on her little blue bikini.

Emily walked back into the house and up the grand staircase she opened the first door on her left which she thought was the main bedroom, but she quickly realized was a broom closet. This place was always so easy to get lost in. Opening another door she entered the upstairs bar room with its gleaming marble countertops and state of the art appliances. She just wanted a bedroom to change in, but that was proving to be more difficult than she thought. Walking back down the stairs she turned left and opened a door, which finally led into a bedroom. A large four poster bed sat in the middle of the room and across the room were two large windows showing the front yard of the house.

Emily was just about to pull off her sundress when she noticed out the window, one of the caterers who was taking a smoke break in the front yard, and looking at her. Emily and he made eye contact as he took a long drag on his cigarette. She enjoyed when men looked at her, and her self imposed sexual frustration was driving her wild. Over the past couple months she'd had to masturbate at least once a day to keep from jumping Jake and breaking her promise of abstinence by fucking him senseless.

Emily decided to have a little fun with the overworked, underpaid caterer, and began to slowly pull up her sundress. She gently swayed her hips as she dragged the hem up her thighs, never taking her eyes off him. He had forgotten about smoking and was now practically drooling in expectation. The dress crept up slowly, revealing her panties as she suddenly, without hesitation, pulled it over her head and threw it on the floor. Standing in front of the caterer in her bra and underwear, Emily smiled flirtatiously at him and reached up over her head to drag her fingers through her long blonde hair, her hands moving slinkily down her body and onto the heavy breasts so tantalizingly encased within her white lacey bra. She almost laughed as the caterer absentmindedly let the cigarette fall from his hand and onto the ground. And reaching behind her back and undoing the clasp of her bra –

"Oops!" she heard behind her, and turning, she saw Rob close the door. "Sorry!" he called through. "I should've knocked!"

Emily turned back to where the caterer had been and saw that he was gone. "I'll be out in a second. Did you need something?" 

Rob peeked his head around the door at the nearly naked beauty. "Not as much as he did." he answered. "Looks like you left the poor guy hangin."

Holding her loose bra against her massive chest Emily stood in front of her boyfriend's best friend and flirtatiously raised an eyebrow. "What would Jake think if he walked in on you and me in this...situation?"

"As much as I like Jake, he's the last thing on my mind right now," Rob said staring at Emily with more than friendly admiration in his eyes.

"Yeah?" She walked towards him, her naked hips swaying in her lacey panties as the straps of her bra dangled loosely around the sides her big breasts. "What is on your mind?"

Rob readjusted a certain appendage in his bathing suit as his face flushed at the thoughts he was having about Emily Parsons. "I was just wondering if you'd gotten lost."

"My hero," she said rolling her eyes and shutting the door on him.

Emily changed into her bathing suit, a bright aqua blue designer bikini with gold rings attaching the segments, and made her way out to the party. The bikini did everything it was supposed to in terms of covering her up, but Emily's natural gifts were still on full display as she sauntered across to the pool, enjoying the drooling gentlemen's stares. Caterer, businessman and landscaping best friend alike were agape as she made her way to the diving board, stopping nearly every conversation with just her luscious body. She paused for a moment to allow the men to look before she jumped and dove gracefully into the cool water.

--------------------------------------------------------------------

The party continued as the sun set behind the trees and the pool lights were turned on setting the backyard aglow in a rich umber light. The businessmen, including Jake were getting noticeably drunker as the evening continued. In fact, as it was his birthday, Jake had been imbibing more than his fair share of booze since they'd arrived and was getting pretty wasted. 

As Emily sat in the Jacuzzi and enjoyed the feeling of the bubbles massaging her skin she saw Jake, across the party, telling a drunken story, wildly gesticulating and making a general imbecile out of himself. It's his birthday, Emily thought. Boys will be boys. But she was disappointed at the knowledge that what she had had planned for that evening, after three long months of celibacy, wouldn't, most likely, be happening. 

"Mind if we join you?" Steve asked as he, Ashley and Rob sat down into the water.

"Jesus that's toasty," Ashley said tentatively lowering herself into the water.

"Looks like the party's winding down. The king is honoring us with his presence," Rob said as Jake waved goodbye to the last of the suited invitees, and drunkenly ambled over to the four of them.

"Hey guys!" he called out while kicking off his shoes and socks and jumping into the hot tub with his shirt and shorts on. "Hey beautiful," he said kissing Emily and reaching over her to grab another beer out of the cooler.

"Don't you think you've had enough baby?" Emily said.

"It's my burfday," he replied drunkenly.

"Hey," Steve said, reaching into his bag and pulling out a joint. "Burfday weed! How bout it Thumbelina?"

"Fuck you!" Jake yelled at Steve.

"Thumbelina?" Emily asked as Steve cracked up.

Rob chuckled, "Forget it. It's nothing."

Steve lit the joint and the four of them relaxed into the hazy glow that his, above average weed delivered. Settling back into the Jacuzzi, the five friends chatted and talked about nothing in particular. Steve playing with a plastic football he'd found, and the three of them recounting moments from their senior year when they'd taken the team to the division title. And while Jake was pretty drunk, he seemed to be having fun, and Emily supposed on his birthday that was all that mattered. 

Emily, relaxed and high, laughed and joked as the three boys made fun of eachother, knowing all of the little secrets each had from over twenty years of friendship. Steve getting crabs from a Mexican prostitute over spring break. Jake getting high and getting lost in his own house and having to call Rob to find him. Rob dancing the Macarena naked in the middle of town after losing a bet.

Smiling to herself, Emily felt Jake's hand on her knee, the fingers slowly making their way up her leg as the bubbles shielded everyone else's eyes. Emily had been looking forward to finally relieving some of her sexual frustration tonight, but she thought, with the amount of alcohol that Jake had imbibed, there was no way they'd be hooking up. Apparently she was wrong, she thought as his hands gently made their way over the bottom of her suit to squeeze one of her ass cheeks. 

"So what exactly happened on your trip guys?" Rob asked. 

"It was amazing," Alyssa said, blowing out a cloud of smoke. "We smoked and drank, and we met all kinds of crazy fuckin people man."

Emily sighed as she felt Jake gently begin to massage her leg, moving tenderly up and down with a finesse that made her skin tingle. God he felt good, she was going to tear him up tonight. 

"Hey Thumbelina catch quick!" Steve said throwing the plastic football at Jake who reached up and caught it with both hands.

Oh god, his hand was moving in soft, tingling circles, her pussy was so wet and – Emily looked over at Jake who was playing catch with BOTH HANDS! She suddenly became very aware that the hand on her leg, driving her wild, wasn't actually her boyfriend's hand, and looking to her other side she saw Rob not looking at her, but a tiny smirk forming on his lips, as the hand on her leg gave her one last squeeze.

Emily was aghast. Where did he get off? Touching her like that? Getting her so turned on? She was insulted, but at the same time she couldn't deny how horny he'd just made her, and all he'd done was touch her leg. God, she needed a good fuck, and looking over at her boyfriend who could barely handle the football he was juggling, it most likely wasn't coming from him.

"There was this one guy," Alyssa continued, "this guy loved to dance, man. He danced all the time, even when there wasn't any music, he'd just keep dancing man. Dude was amazing."

"Then, there was that fuckin mime! You remember the mime babe?" Steve said excitedly. "That mime was the best, remember? And then those backpackers." He looked over at Alyssa and they both got a funny look in their eye like a secret had been passed between them.

"Backpackers?" Jake said. "What happened with the backpackers?"

"Nah, it's nothing, man," Steve smiled.

"What? Come on!" said Rob.

Alyssa looked over at Steve who gave her a nod. "We played a game with them," Alyssa said mischievously.

Emily, having come out of her confusion at having Rob's hand all over her legs, asked, "What game?"

"A crazy game man. Basically, if I had to sum it up, I'd say," Steve began, but not before taking a big hit off the joint in his hand. "Imagine that 'spin the bottle', 'truth or dare' and just hardcore sex had a baby. And that baby was like superhuman and fuckin radioactive and shit. That's what this game is man."

"So what? You get cancer if you play it?" Rob laughed.

"Nah man. You get fuckin laid if you play it," Steve said.

Alyssa smacked him and explained. "Basically, yeah, it's like this dirtier version of all the games you played in high school, and these backpackers, what were their names? Anyway, they told us about it, and we just thought it sounded fun. Ya know? Like, exciting, so we did it with them."

"Annnd?!" Jake asked, dying like the rest of them, to know what happened.

"Let's just say it was a memorable night," said Alyssa.

"Oh, shit!" Jake yelled. "We gotta play this game guys!"

"What?!" Emily said.

"I dunno," replied Alyssa. "It's not for everyone, I mean, it could get a little weird."

"Hey, it's my birthday and I wanna play." And with that, Jake was out of the Jacuzzi and heading into the house.

Looking at eachother, and realizing the inevitability of the evening's direction, the other four got out of the Jacuzzi and, drying themselves off, followed Jake back into the house. 

Although Jake had already made his way down to the basement game room, Emily wanted to change out of her bathingsuit so, finding the guest room she'd changed in, she put back on her underwear, bra and decided to change into a t-shirt and boyshorts that she'd brought for the next day. There was no point in trying to look her best for a boyfriend who was too drunk to even notice her. Emily walked down the stairs towards the appropriately named game room. 

She wasn't sure how she felt about playing a kissing game in front of her boyfriend, even if he was being a little pain in the ass tonight. There were only two girls and three guys and these kinds of games usually got weird and awkward with so few people. Still, she didn't feel like having an argument about it, and figured that if she just went along then sooner or later everyone would get bored and watch a movie or something.

Walking across the basement, past the pool table and arcade games, Emily made her way to the plush red couches surrounding the big TV. Each couch had an oversized ottoman so that whoever sat on it could lay themselves out. Emily saw that everyone had changed out of their bathing suits except for Jake who was lying on the center couch, soaking wet having not even had the decency to dry himself off. 

"Everybody here?" Steve asked while dragging the couches into a semi circle so that they faced eachother. "Okay, so, if we're gonna do this –"

"We're doing this!" Jake called out excitedly from his solitary sprawl on the center couch. Emily and Steve sat together on a couch across from Rob and Alyssa. Rob and Steve had both changed into shorts and t-shirts and Alyssa wore a jean skirt and a baggy shirt. 
