 Doug glanced at the white paper bag on the passenger seat and smiled to himself. He was happy that Friday had finally arrived, glad to be out of the office for the weekend and, after the week he'd had, he could hardly wait to get home and put his purchases to use. Marie would certainly be surprised, which was just the way he liked things.

He pulled in the driveway and parked in the garage. He gathered his few things, grabbed the bag and went inside where he was greeted with the smells of dinner cooking on the stove. Marie smiled at him as he entered the kitchen. She was dressed in a light blue blouse and dark blue shorts and barefoot of course. It was hard to keep shoes on her in the summer.

"I hope you're hungry," she said, stirring a pot of spaghetti sauce.

"Ravenous," Doug said as he set the bag on the counter. He pressed against her back, his hands slipping around her waist as he hugged her tightly, and then slipped his hands up to cup her large breasts. "I had a hell of a day and I'm just glad to be home."

Marie leaned back against his body for a moment or two, feeling a familiar hardness beginning to develop and press against her bottom. She smiled as she thought of making that her evening's dessert and then returned her attention to the sauce. "What's in the bag?" she asked casually.

"A surprise. For later," Doug said. With a final, parting squeeze, he slid his hands from her breasts, then took the bag from the counter and walked out of the kitchen. "I'm going to change."

Marie stirred the sauce for a moment longer, turned the stove down to simmer and then followed Doug into their bedroom. She lay down across the bed, propping her head on her hand, and watched her husband slip out of his suit. As he pulled a t-shirt on over his head, Marie opened the edge of the white paper bag and peered in. Doug's hand suddenly came down over hers, closing the bag. "I said it was for later," he said, his eyebrows raised.

"I want to see now," Marie said with a defiant pout.

"Oh you do, do you?" Doug said. "Alright, then. You'll see what I bought now." He snatched up the bag and put his hand inside, rummaging around. A moment later he pulled out a black satin blindfold. He lay the bag back on the bed and it made rattling noises that told Marie it still had a few things inside.

"This is going to be the only thing in that bag that you're actually going to see," Doug told her with a grin. He took her by the shoulders and sat her up, turning her toward him. He slipped the blindfold gently over her head of thick auburn hair and carefully slipped it over her big dark brown eyes. "How's that?"

"It's soft… and dark," she said as her full lips curved into a mischievous smile.

"Good," Doug said as he reached for the bag again. It rattled a bit more as he withdrew something from it, then tossed it back on the bed. Doug took Marie by the hand and guided her to a standing position, then began to unbutton her blouse. He slid it from her shoulders and let it fall to the floor. He knelt and slid her shorts down her hips to her ankles and let them join the blouse. She stood before him in nothing but a white lacey bra and a pair of white cotton panties.

"Doug," she giggled, "what are you doing?"

"Don't speak unless spoken to," Doug said and suddenly she felt a firm swat on her butt. She gasped and the smile suddenly left her face, but she didn't speak again. He'd always appreciated what a quick study his lovely wife was.

He slowly turned her around and undid the hooks on her bra, slid it off her shoulders and tossed to on the growing pile of clothing. He took a moment to run his hands over her large breasts and teased her nipples lightly, noticing that they were already becoming stiff and puffy, which was exactly how he enjoyed seeing them. He glanced up at his wife's face and delighted in watching Marie biting her lower lip in order to kept quiet.

"Remove your panties for me," he said quietly. Marie stood for a moment and the slight hesitation was not to his liking. His hand snaked out with the paddle and cracked her on the ass once more.

Marie let out a whimper, but no more. She quickly hooked her thumbs into the elastic band and slid her panties over her shapely hips, then let them fall to her ankles. She stepped out of them and carefully pushed them aside with her foot.

"Very good," Doug said with a smile. "From now on this evening, you will answer every question with 'yes, Husband' or 'yes, Sir'. Do you understand?"

Marie looked slightly confused until the paddle connected with her round ass again. She began to nod enthusiastically.

"Yes, Sir," she said in a quivering voice.

"Excellent," Doug said with a grin. He stood up and ran his hands over her lovely, round ass. He squeezed her cheeks and slid a finger lightly up the crack and up her spine, making Marie gasp and shiver.

He rubbed the leather paddle across one cheek then gave it another experimental whack. Marie jumped, not expecting the paddle again after feeling her husband's warm hands on her bottom. She wasn't sure what had gotten into Doug or where he'd gotten this crazy idea. But the more he kept at it, the more she began to discover that she was starting to enjoy it.

Doug began to swat her cheeks lightly with the paddle, alternating from the left to the right, varying the location. The strikes were not hard enough to leave marks, but her movements told him that they were hard enough to sting a little. He wanted to make sure that Marie had plenty of time to warm up to the idea. He realized that she apparently was enjoying it as he watched her squeezing her thighs together after each smack of the paddle. He began to hit her ass just a little bit harder with the leather paddle and listened to his wife's nearly imperceptible moans of approval. Her lovely round ass cheeks began to turn a pretty shade of pink and he decided she'd had enough of that for the moment.

"Kneel on the bed," Doug commanded.

"Yes, Husband," Marie replied instantly. She crawled onto the bed and assumed a kneeling position, her ass cheeks resting on the heels of her bare feet.

"Put your left arm behind your back," he said as he reached again for the mysterious white bag. Marie did as she was told and put her arm behind her back. She made out the sounds of something being unwrapped from its package then felt something slightly rough, but a little soft being wrapped around her left arm about midway between her elbow and her wrist. Doug wound the white rope around her forearm until it was completely covered to the wrist. "Put your right arm behind your back," he said firmly.

Marie slowly shook her head. "No, Sir," she said, curious to see what her husband would do.

"No?" Doug asked in a surprised tone. "I know my ears did not just hear you say no," he said calmly. "I'll give you one more chance. Put your right arm behind your back. Now."

Marie delayed a few moments longer, almost with a smile on her face. The smile was quickly erased, however, as she received several lightning fast cracks on her ass with the leather paddle. She let out a yelp and threw her arm behind her back as fast as she could.

"Much better," Doug said and she could tell that he was smiling. He placed her right arm on top of her left arm and began the process of wrapping them together. Once he had completed the task, he tied the rope in a simple square knot, making it snug enough that Marie could not move her arms, but not enough to be entirely uncomfortable. Doug took her by the shoulders and helped her off the bed and into a standing position. He pulled back the blankets and sheets from their king size bed and tossed them off the end of the bed to the floor. He helped Marie back onto the bed and into the kneeling position once more, this time facing him.

Marie let her husband move her around and position her. She didn't have much of a choice, considering she was unable to move her arms on her own. Instead she decided to see what else he had in store for her. The last few whacks on her ass had stung worse than before and she had no desire to have them repeated, at least not at that moment. Again she heard the rattling of the bag and wondered just how much more could be in it. Doug removed a tall, round white candle from the bag. It was encased in clear glass. He lit the candle and placed it on the nightstand. Then, he reached into the bag and pulled out a set of adjustable nipple clamps connected by a short chain that he'd spotted just as he'd been making his purchases. The saleswoman had given him an all-knowing wink and highly recommended them, so he'd bought them.

He turned to his wife and circled her left nipple with his index finger, grinning as she shuddered at his touch. She let a deep sigh escape her and he decided to let it go unpunished since she hadn't really spoken. He teased her nipple until it was as hard as a pebble beneath his fingers. He pinched it lightly, then more firmly, watching her expression. When she seemed about ready to moan aloud, he pulled her nipple firmly, slipped the clamp around it and eased up on the ring that adjusted the tension. Her mouth dropped open into an "O" shape, but she remained silent. He slid the ring up a bit more until she winced slightly. At that he backed the ring off just a little.

Marie felt the clamp go on and felt her jaw drop open. She had a vague idea of what was being put on her nipple, but no idea why Doug would have purchased them. She'd been intrigued by the idea of clamps, but she had never mentioned it to Doug, thinking that he would think it was strange. Once, when he wasn't home, she had gone into the bedroom and gotten two of her small spring-loaded metal hair clips. She had sat on the corner of the bed, lifted her shirt and squeezed her own nipples until they were hard. Carefully, she placed each of the hair clips on her nipples for a few moments. The initial pain wasn't too bad, but it was the pain of removing them that had almost made her eyes water. She could only imagine how her nipples would feel when these came off.

Doug placed the other clamp on his wife's right nipple, and then stood back for a moment to admire his handiwork. She was a beautiful sight, with her large bare breasts and hard pink nipples topped with shiny silver clamps and connected by a decorative silver chain. His cock was as hard as steel in his pants, pressing against his leg and he wanted her badly, but there was much more yet to do. He leaned over and gently flicked his tongue over each of her nipples and Marie let out a deep, low moan.

"I told you not to speak. Did you forget?" he asked her.

"No, Sir," she stammered. "I'm sorry, but I couldn't help myself."

"We'll have to work on your self control," he said as he reached up and gave the chain dangling between her breasts a tug. Marie almost cried out in surprise, but caught herself at the last moment. Doug held the chain between his fingers, pulled it until it was tight, then let it go slack. He repeated this several times until he was sure Marie was going to have a fit.

"You may speak. Moan, squeal, scream, whatever you like," he said as he tightened the chain once more. Marie let out another low, deep moan that rose in pitch when Doug pulled on the chain. She nearly achieved a squeal, but he let the chain fall slack, causing her to groan loudly.

"Thank you, Sir," she whispered.

Doug helped Marie off the bed into a standing position once more with her feet about two feet apart on the floor. He reached over to the nightstand and retrieved the candle. It had burned down a bit and there was at least an inch of liquid wax in the top of the candle. He turned back to Marie, held the candle about a foot and a half above her right breast and tipped the candle just enough to let several drops of hot wax drip down onto her skin.

"Oh my God!" Marie yelled as the wax hit her breast and cooled. Her legs quivered and her breathing came in gasps. With his free hand, Doug slipped his fingers down her belly and touched her between the legs. Her mound was completely smooth and he had an idea that she'd shaved just that morning in preparation for a Friday night of play. Little did she known the play he'd had in mind for her.

She gasped again as his fingers touched her, moving down with a light pressure, slipping gently between her folds and lightly rubbing her favorite spot. Then they were gone and she could hear a sound, picturing in her mind that it was Doug sucking on his finger, tasting her. She shuddered again at the image.

Doug tipped the candle up again and let several more drops fall over his wife's left breast. She gasped again, but did not flinch or shy away. Instead she planted her feet firmly and thrust her chest out, her head tipped back on her shoulders.

"Yes?" Doug asked. "More?"

"Yes, Sir," she replied in a husky, passion-filled voice. "Oh God, yes! More, please!"

Doug grinned and began to pour a small steam of clear liquid wax down his wife's large breasts, alternating between the left and the right, and then waiting for more wax to melt. The wax on her breasts cooled and turned white, reminding him of vanilla icing on two very large, round cupcakes. When the candle had burned a little more, he again poured more wax down her chest, over and between her breasts, coating them with a layer of white wax. It dribbled down over her nipples and hung from them like icicles, running over the clamps and along the chain.

Marie's body shook all over and Doug decided to reward her good behavior by giving her a quick orgasm. He slipped his hand between her thighs and slid a finger inside her. It went smoothly and easily as she was dripping wet. She let loose a guttural groan as his finger penetrated her, moving slowly in and out. Her hips began to rock back and forth, keeping time with his finger. He slipped his finger out and upward, touching her clit. She gasped as he began to rub in a small tight circle, her hips gyrating and her moans building. Suddenly, her whole body convulsed and Marie screamed as her orgasm shook her body.

Doug dropped to his knees, threw her left leg up over his shoulder and buried his face between his wife's thighs, using his tongue to lick and clean the mess her juices had made on her thighs, He slipped his tongue deep inside her, tasting her, her scent filling his head. He knew he had to stop or he was going to lose his own load in his shorts and that would be a definite waste and not according to his plan.

Doug stood up, grasped his wife by her hair and kissed her deeply. She resisted slightly at first, smelling and tasting herself on his lips and in his mouth. But he reached between her thighs once more and began to stroke her in the way she so dearly loved and she quickly abandoned her resistance and returned his deep kisses. Her mouth sucked eagerly at his, sucking his tongue, suddenly becoming excited at the exotic taste and smell and the idea of doing something so wild. Something that she would never have done before, but so excited that at the moment she would do anything at all for her husband for giving her so much pleasure.

Doug pulled away from Marie, though it was difficult to do. He occupied himself instead with gently removing the wax coated nipple clamps. First her removed the left, which caused his wife to squeal and twist her body. Then he removed the right side and tossed the clamps onto the nightstand. He gently massaged her breasts and nipples, then put his hands on her shoulders, pushing her down to the floor.

"Sit on the floor," he said and she promptly complied. He pulled off his t-shirt and slipped his shorts off, kicking them away, then moved to stand in front of her. She seemed to sense what was next and opened her mouth wide. Doug grasped his cock and used the tip to trace an outline on her lips. She snaked her tongue out and flicked at the tip of his hardness then moved her head forward to swallow him whole.

Doug groaned aloud as his wife deep throated his cock. He buried his hands in her hair and held on as she sucked him deeply, he tongue swirling around the head and the underside of the shaft. He knew if he let her continue, he was going to burst and send his load down her sweet throat. At first, he considered doing just that, as Marie was not typically a swallower. She might do it on occasion if she knew it would really satisfy him, otherwise she would spit it out into a towel or onto him. Doug quickly decided to finish out the evening the way he had planned it and reluctantly slipped his cock from his wife's greedy mouth.

Before she could protest, Doug helped her to her feet. He turned her around and pushed her onto the bed, face down, ass in the air. He reached into the bag for the very last item which was a large bottle of slippery lubricant. He put some on his finger, then put the tip against Marie's ass, swirling the lube gently into the opening of her ass. She let out a deep sigh and her whole body seemed to go limp at his touch. Doug stood behind her, and not being able to resist, he slipped his cock up between her pussy lips, then thrust his hips forward, driving his rock hard erection deep inside her. She let out a huge gasp and began to whimper as he thrust in and out of her for a minute or two then pulled all the way out.

He poured some of the lube into his hand and rubbed it onto his swollen member then rubbed his lubed fingers around Marie's asshole. She gasped when she realized what he meant to do. Not only was she not keen on swallowing her husband's cum, she had only let him fuck her ass a couple of times and it had never really done much for her, except to leave her a bit sore the next day. This time, though, she wanted him to do it. She wanted him to put his cock in her ass and pound her for all he was worth.

"Husband… Sir… fuck it! DOUG! Put you cock in my ass and pound me!" she growled.

Doug was only too happy to fill her request. He placed the tip of his cock at the entrance and gently rocked his hips forward, slipping slowly into her warm, tight ass. Marie let out a deep groan and Doug echoed it with a sigh. He reached forward and grasped her bound arms and slid all the way into her ass. Marie began to whimper as Doug moved his hips slowly back and forth, then began to increase the tempo of his movement. He quickly let go of her arms, grabbed her ass in both hands and began to pound her, driving his cock deep into her.

"Yes! Yes! Yes! Harder! Harder!" seemed to be the extent of Marie's vocabulary, but it was enough for Doug. He fucked her as hard as he could until Marie's body tensed, then went into spasms as wave after wave went through her entire body. Doug was on the verge of coming as well, but suddenly, Marie pulled herself forward and his cock slipped out of her ass with an audible popping sound. Marie struggled for a moment and Doug reached up and untied the knot, then unwrapped the rope from her arms. Marie rolled over and put her face beneath Doug's cock, grasped it in both hands and began to jerk him off. He reached down and stroked her breasts and teased her nipples as the familiar tingling began all the way down in his toes.

"God, I'm going to come," he grunted.

Marie opened her mouth and continued to jerk him off, aiming his cock onto her tongue. Doug looked down and saw this and it sent him over the edge. His body jerked as he sent jet after jet of come into Marie's mouth, onto her tongue and one very strong spurt onto her chin and chest. She milked him with her hands, and then pulled him down a little and wrapped her lips around the head and sucked out the last few drops. When she let go of him, Doug collapsed onto the bed next to her and tried to catch his breath. Marie rolled over, laid on his chest and looked down into his face.

"Next time," she said with an evil grin, "I'M the one going shopping!"