 It may have taken forever, but Giselle had finally found The Perfect One: her heart swelled with pride as she thought about it.

The pretty dishwater blonde nearly pranced up the steps to the front door and sashayed inside. THIS was going to be the one, she thought. THIS was the property that was going to make her enough money for a Corvette AND a trip to Cabo. Yes, she could almost smell it. The smell of money...the intoxicating scent of sweet, sweet hundred dollar bills...

The house was empty. Giselle felt another surge of excitement. Good! She was the first one at the open house. She now had a huge advantage over all the other suckers who might show up. She spent twenty minutes exploring every nook and cranny of the beautiful 3-bedroom, 2-bath split level home. It was just PERFECT. The seller was asking way below cost, and Giselle was going to make a mountain of pretty pennies in the resale! She was practically shaking with greed and excitement.

"Hi. Are you here for the open house?"

"Oh!"

Giselle turned around and smoothed her skirt down as a nervous habit. "Hi," she said, shoving her hand forward. "I'm Giselle. Real estate investor." She fumbled in her Chanel handbag for a business card, which she then pressed into the man's hand.

He was handsome. Tall. Salt and pepper hair; keen blue eyes. Giselle found herself strangely attracted to him right away. Not in a sexual way, but in a friendly grandfather way. She liked him, right down to his smart gray business suit.

"Colton," he replied. "I'm representing the owners of the house today. They couldn't be here."

"I'm not a realtor," he added quickly, when a flash of doubt clouded Giselle's eyes. "Don't worry. This is a purely private sale."

"Great." Giselle grinned. "I--I'm really interested in the house," she said. Then she began mentally kicking herself. Don't act all that interested, she chided silently. Act unsure, and then he'll want to negotiate!

"So, have you looked at the house?"

Colton began gesturing toward the large kitchen behind him.

"Oh yes, I--I was just looking around. It's beautiful. Really beautiful."

Giselle winced. There she went again, letting her excitement show through. She was never going to get anywhere this way.

"You are a very beautiful young lady."

Giselle was caught off guard.

"Excuse me?" 

Colton smiled. He was really, really handsome. Almost heart wrenchingly so. Giselle felt the kind of pitter-patter she only remembered feeling back in high school. It was creepy in a way; she had never, ever felt that pitter-patter when looking at a man clearly in his fifties!

"I'm sorry, that was quite forward of me. I was just admiring your stunning beauty. There is a wonderful innocence about you. I hope you don't mind my saying that."

Giselle swallowed and began smoothing her skirt down again. "No, um...thank you. I'm flattered."

Colton tilted his head to the side and scrutinized her face. "How old are you, if I may ask?"

"Um--nineteen."

"Mmm. Young for a real estate investor, aren't you?" Colton's eyes twinkled. "I mean, most people in your line of work are middle-aged already. It's a calling most people find late in life, after watching too many late-night infomercials."

"Oh no," Giselle blabbered, laughing, "I usually watch porn late at night."

Her hand flew to her mouth in horror. Ohmigod, did I just say that?

Colton laughed.

"Never would have guessed from looking at you," he smiled. "But I must say, that's quite a turn-on."

Giselle was completely wide-eyed now, her face flushed and a familiar tingling beginning in her lower region. She felt exposed; naked; dirty; and surprisingly enough, horny as hell. "I--I--I'm sorry," she stammered. "I don't know what came over me. I never should have said something like that. Excuse me."

She dashed into the nearby bathroom, shut the door and sank to the floor with a gasp of horror. What is wrong with me?? she exclaimed inwardly. What am I doing? What is going on? This can't be happening!

It was at least 20 minutes before Giselle emerged from the bathroom, and a young couple had arrived to look at the house. Colton was showing them around. He tossed more than one glance in Giselle's direction before they all disappeared downstairs.

Giselle tried to take in calming breaths, and began looking casually around the kitchen. She opened cabinets, looked in drawers, did whatever she could to make it look like she was examining the home. But all the while, she was painstakingly aware that Colton was downstairs. Her lower region was still tingling, throbbing, and absolutely pulsating with heat. Giselle suddenly found herself imagining unbelievable thoughts, wondering how large Colton's dick was and if he was married or had a family.

Ohmigod, I'm having dirty thoughts about an old man! she thought. But, the other side of her brain countered, he is an extremely well-preserved, sexy as hell old man. He was handsome and sexy in a Sean Connery or George Clooney kind of way. A way that really turned Giselle on. Fucking him would be like fucking a father figure or a professor, something she had always fantasized about during the past few months as a freshman in college.

A small drop of juice slipped from around the edges of Giselle's panties and began to slowly move down her leg. She quickly reached down and wiped it away with her hand. Even more blood began rushing to her face as she realized just how horny she was. 

Nearly forty-five minutes passed before Giselle decided to go downstairs and see what was taking so long. She felt shaky and anxious, not sure if she should leave or stick around to negotiate the terms of sale. She WANTED this house more than anything. But the sexual tension was driving her wild. She thought desperately of being home in her bedroom with a vibrator and a dirty video. Heck, at this point she wouldn't need the dirty video OR the vibrator. She could slip into the bathroom at this very house and get herself off with her fingers in a matter of seconds...and slip into a pulsing, trembling orgasm.

Giselle had to shake off the temptation. She wanted that orgasm so bad, but she was going to stick it out and make sure she got this deal.

The downstairs was quiet and dark. 

"Colton?" she called tentatively. "Colton?"

There was no response.

Giselle ducked her head into each room one at a time, flipping on the light and finding nothing. Finally, she opened the bathroom door. There was a thump and an exclamation of surprise, and Giselle nearly screamed.

"Oh God."

It took Giselle a second to realize what she was seeing. Colton looked equally surprised. He was sitting on the closed toilet, pants down and his swollen cock in his hand. His face was flushed, like he'd been close to cumming. Now he just looked plain sheepish, trying to quickly shove his member back into his pants.

"I--am--so s-sorry," he stammered. "Excuse me. I--uh--"

"I--I didn't realize," Giselle stuttered. She knew she should leave, but her eyes were glued to Colton's crotch and his amazing cock. She had never seen one so huge, swollen and...tempting.

"This is embarrassing," Colton continued, and as he got his dick jammed awkwardly back into his pants, Giselle was finally able to tear her eyes away and look into his face.

"No, I'm the one who should be embarrassed," she replied. "I'm sorry, I should have knocked. I just didn't know..."

Colton now stood to his full height and looked more like the sophisticated man he had been before. Well, all except for the bulge in his pants. Giselle tried not to look at it.

"Giselle," he said softly. "It's not your fault. I'm sorry, I--well, as I'm sure you've figured out, I was just so taken by your beauty..." he paused and his eyes lingered momentarily on her breasts. They were peeking voluptuously out the top of her tight green tube top, barely concealed by her professional black business jacket. Giselle felt more juice beginning to drip around the edges of her panties.

"Colton, I--" Giselle opened her mouth, but couldn't seem to say anymore. She looked Colton up and down, her heart racing and her pussy throbbing. Even her tits felt like they were on fire now.

What happened next was unexplainable. Giselle was practically a virgin...she had lost her virginity only a couple of months ago to a jerk at a party, and had only had sex once since then. Neither time had been very pleasant.

Giselle found herself walking towards Colton and slowly unzipping his pants. He opened his mouth to say something, but she shushed him and continued the agonizing process of pulling his pants around his ankles. Then, it was his boxers; and then, in a moment that nearly made her shiver with delight, she grasped his hard cock in both of her hands. It was hot & burning. She felt him tremble.

"Giselle, please don't do this," he begged. "You are young and innocent, and--I can't possibly--"

Giselle didn't listen to him. She felt herself drawn, as if by this inexplicable force, and soon she was on her knees, leaning forward and taking the length of Colton's cock in her mouth. He let out an animal-like moan and thrust his strong hands into her hair, ramming her face against his crotch. She loved it. The smell of his private parts, the sensation of his cock pressing against the back of her throat, the juice that was now pouring from between her legs, completely saturating her panties and her pantyhose.

She sucked for what seemed like an hour, bobbing her head up and down on his cock, grasping his balls in her hand and caressing them with a fervor she had never felt before. Before long, Colton had fallen against the wall and was leaning there, panting, moaning and pulling her hair with his gigantic hands. Pre-cum trickled down the back of her throat.

Giselle was now struggling, shaking, trying to keep herself from cumming already. Her pussy lips her swollen and trembling, and she had to use all of her willpower to stop the convulsions that threatened to attack her. Finally, she couldn't take anymore. 

Standing up, Giselle removed herself abruptly from Colton's cock and stepped back several feet.

"I'm sorry--this is wrong--" Colton said suddenly, and began to reach for his pants. He looked shaken and horrified.

"No," Giselle panted. "No." She looked Colton straight in the eye and opened her mouth to speak. "I--I--we are not done yet. No way in hell. No way in hell."

Giselle gently slipped out of her business jacket, exposing her tan shoulders. She saw Colton's eyes lock onto her flawless skin. She did a slow striptease, until she was down to nothing but her tube top and her pantyhose, with her lacy black panties underneath. "Do you want to fuck me, Colton?" she asked in a low voice. "Do you want to stick your cock in my pussy?"

Colton trembled. His swollen cock rose even further. "Giselle, please, don't." He was begging now, his blue eyes wide. "Please, this is wrong."

"Don't you ever do anything that's wrong?" she asked. Giselle suddenly rushed forward, pressing her body against Colton's and feeling his cock ram into the damp area between her legs.

Colton seemed too stunned to respond. But this time, he recovered quickly. Suddenly he gave up all control and leaned down to ravage Giselle's swollen lips in a heated kiss. She pressed herself insistently upon him, until they were both heaving, panting & grunting between kisses. His cock was sliding in and out from between her legs, rubbing her clit until she thought she would scream.

"Oh God Colton," she moaned.

"Giselle," he replied desperately. His hands moved to her tits now, and ripped her tube top down until her 38 C breasts tumbled out. The nipples were hard as tacks, pink and desperate to be pinched. 

"Touch me Colton," she begged. "Grab me. Touch me. Please!"

His hands devoured her breasts in a barrage of groping, squeezing, pinching and stroking, while his mouth still ravaged her face. Giselle thought for sure she was going to cum now.

"Giselle," Colton moaned between kisses, "I--I--I c-can't hold out much longer. I've got to cum!"

"No," she demanded forcefully, grabbing his cock and suffocating it in a deathlike grip. "You can't cum until you're inside of me. I want you to fuck me."

"Giselle, I want you so bad," he cried in response, and began ripping his own clothes off like an animal. His entire tanned, weathered body stood naked and flushed before her within seconds.

"Wait, there's not enough room in here."

Giselle broke off their kissing again and stepped back. She led Colton out of the bathroom, and they raced desperately down the hall, hands all over each other, breathing heavily.

In the laundry room, Giselle stripped off the rest of her clothes and threw herself on top of the washer and dryer. Colton quickly lowered himself on top of her, and they resumed their ravenous kissing. Her nipples bored into his chests like nails. Their hands explored each other roughly, desperately, grabbing each other's ass cheeks and jamming their bodies together.

"Oh Colton," Giselle cried, "this is so wrong."

"And you love it don't you, you dirty little girl?" he growled back, taking one of her tits in his hand and squeezing it until she nearly cried in pain.

"Yes, I love it," she groaned. "I love it! I want you to fuck me! Fuck me now, Colton! FUCK ME NOW."

Without even waiting for his response, Giselle grasped Colton's member, which had easily swelled to eleven or twelve inches, and crushed it into her waiting pussy. It slid in like a knife through butter, and they both cried out in ecstasy.

"God, yes!"

"I'm going to fuck you like you've never been fucked before."

Colton pulled himself up on his hands and knees, with his cock still planted firmly inside of Giselle, and began thrusting heavily. Giselle felt her entire body rock with the motion, and lightning bolts of pleasure seared through her body.

"Oh, yes," she screamed. "Fuck me harder," she begged, "fuck me harder!"

Colton had to work to keep himself from cumming, as Giselle's burning hot cunt swallowed him in a wave of nirvana with every thrust. She was young and incredibly tight, her dripping lips nearly suffocating his cock. He could tell she'd barely ever been fucked before. It felt incredible! She was heaving, swinging her hips to meet him with every thrust. The washer and dryer banged loudly against the wall as they both screamed, Giselle squeezing her own tits and then squeezing his, both of them rocking in a heated, mammalian fervor.

"Colton, I'm going to cum," she screamed. 

"Not yet." Colton began to fuck her harder, and lifted one hand to crush a nipple between his fingers. He wanted the pain to distract Giselle from her impending orgasm.

"Ohhhhh," she moaned. Her eyes were beginning to roll back in her head, her hips were bucking faster and faster...Colton felt like he was about to lose control too.

Then, in an instant, it all happened. One of Giselle's flailing hands hit the 'on' button on the washer, and it rumbled on, adding a rapid tremble to their already psychotic fucking motion. The sensation was too much for both of them.

"Colton!" she screamed.

"Giselle!"

They came at the same time, writhing and screaming like animals. Giselle felt her lips contract rapidly on his gigantic cock, and felt his warm cum gush into her body. A shot of cum grazed her G-spot, and she rocketed into an even hotter orgasm. Her body kept shaking violently, sucking every last drop of cum from Colton as he groaned and cried out her name over and over.

They came for nearly a minute, both lost in the bright white light and sensations like they had never experienced before. Then, when the sensations stopped, they both collapsed, gasping for breath. The washer continued to rumble, gently shaking their intertwined bodies as they lay locked together in sweat.

It was several minutes before a noise broke the quiet.

"Hello? Anyone here? Hello?"

A voice called from the top of the stairs.

Someone was here to tour the house.

Colton and Giselle both rose quickly from the washing machine, dashed to the bathroom and began dressing themselves. Neither of them spoke at first.

"So you'll take one hundred and five thousand, then?" Giselle asked casually.

"Make it one hundred and eight, and you have a deal."

Giselle was the first to be dressed, and she quickly patted down her hair, said, "I'll come back to sign the papers tomorrow," walked to the house's back door, and left.

Colton finished dressing, called to the visitor that he'd be right up, and began mounting the stairs.

"Hi. Are you here for the open house?" he asked. "I'm sorry, but the house has just been sold."

The washing machine continued to rumble in the distance.