 This is part three of the 'Oops!' series. The first two parts are found in 'non-consent/reluctance'. However it was pointed out to me that the heroine, now Alice, wasn't all that reluctant anymore.

*

They walked through the Canadian mist to a giant Hummer stretched limo. "Is this cliché, or what?" Alice asked herself as she stepped up into the passenger compartment. Once inside she found it was luxuriously appointed. Well, what else would you expect?

They drove away from the airport and along the Vancouver Island coast. It was rocky and rugged, not very friendly looking. Soon they approached a locked gate. The gate swung open at their approach and after about a mile through the trees she saw a huge house. They got out at the house and she went inside.

"Right this way, maam," she was directed by the maid who led her to an elevator. They got off on the second floor and then walked down a long hall. "Your room, maam," the maid offered opening a large pair of doors.

"Not bad," thought Alice. In reality, it was much better than the German castle. She stepped out onto her balcony. It overlooked a landing pad for helicopters, a wide stream and a dense forest. It was, indeed, beautiful. By the time she came in from the balcony, her bags were unpacked and her clothing stored away. The maid had departed. There wasn't much to store since most of her stuff was in Germany or at the bottom of the Pacific Ocean.

Five days later, Jason made his appearance. Her first impression of him was that he couldn't possibly own all this. He was only 5'7" tall. He looked kind of mousy. 

His first words were, "Take off your clothes."

She stripped quickly.

He walked around her and studied her carefully. His only comment was, "Good investment." Then he left.

She couldn't believe that he hadn't jumped her right away. He had simply looked her over, assessed her and left, seemingly satisfied. "I wonder what he meant by 'investment'?" she said to herself.

Apparently, Jason didn't have a lot of time to play. He showed up again two weeks later. He had the maid bring her to his quarters.

"I've got a few hours for fun," he smiled as she entered the room.

"Good," she replied. She was getting pretty horny. She still had her clothes on.

"You don't have a very nice wardrobe," he commented. To the maid he said, "Get her a passport. Book her to Paris. Go with her and buy some clothes. When you get back, throw all of her old stuff away. Leave us."

"Yes, sir," replied the maid as she scurried out of the room.

"You certainly are beautiful. Some day, you'll have to tell me how you got into this situation and how you plan on getting out."

"I was a wreck when I got into this and I don't plan on ever getting out," she stated.

Jason reappraised her. "Hmmm," he said. "I like the way you think. Let's get down to business. You're in charge. Do what you want."

"Why do all these rich guys want someone else to be in charge?" she wondered. "Take my clothes off," she ordered.

Jason scampered over to her and started undressing her. He moved faster as more of her lovely, flawless body was revealed. "They told me you were beautiful, but I didn't believe anyone could be that good until now!" he said excitedly.

She was nude. She started taking his clothes off. When she dropped his boxers, she found a respectable 7" cock. Not a monster, but adequate for her needs. She bent over and kissed it, licking up a drop of precum. "Get on the bed," she ordered.

Jason hopped up on the huge bed. She jumped after him and immediately inhaled his entire cock. He shook and shuddered as she slid her mouth up and down his pole. Soon his hips were jerking and he suddenly shot an impressive load down her throat. She didn't lose a drop. She expertly cleaned his cock with her tongue while he lay twitching on the bed.

"Nobody has ever gotten me off so fast before," he said through trembling lips. "What now?"

"I'll have it up in a jiffy and then we'll get serious," she said as she stroked his cock and licked his nuts. 

He couldn't believe how fast he got a hardon again. She straddled his hips and slid her talented pussy over his manhood. Then she clamped down hard on it.

His eyes bugged out and he stopped breathing. He gasped in some air and said, "Damn, how the hell do you do that?"

"Trade secret," she smiled. She started sliding up and down his pole, clenching and unclenching her cunt. She was driving him insane with lust. He grabbed her tits and squeezed them softly, flicking her nipples. She felt him swell inside her and knew he was close. She clamped down hard again and bounced higher and faster. She was close too. She came much more quickly than she thought she would. He came moments behind her in a flood of semen and pussy juice.

By the time he finished twitching; she had his cock in her mouth again and was trying to pump it back up. He figured it was a lost cause and once again found he had underestimated her skill and lust. It was swelling up again! He hadn't had three erections like this since he was eighteen. She squeezed his nuts and then slid his cock into her ass.

"Oh god, you're killing me," he moaned.

"Yeah, fun huh?" she replied.

As he shot yet another load into her ass, he begged, "Enough! I'm totally shot!"

"Are you sure? I can make you cum three or four more times, if you want."

"Before you do, call the coroner. Any more will be fatal."

"Okay, as soon as you are able, I'll give you a nice hot bath," she said with a wicked grin.

He lay still for a few minutes, gasping for breath. Nothing he had ever done had prepared him for this kind of sexual onslaught. "I'm damned glad I spent the money on her," he thought. He knew it wasn't love. He knew it was just sex, but he didn't care. She had a place with him for as long as he lasted.

"Ready for your bath?" she inquired sexily.

"What the hell, I might just as well drown as stay here and twitch."

As they entered the bath, she spun around and grasped his cock. "You're gonna love this!" she promised.

"Yeah, if I survive," he answered.

She sat him down in the hot water and started soaping his body. Occasionally she would let her hands drift down to his crotch. Then, she'd gently squeeze his balls and rub them vigorously. He felt his dick getting hard again. "Christ," he said, "I feel like I'm sixteen again."

She drained the tub, rinsed him off and then climbed into the tub with him. She sat down on his iron hard dick and let it slip into her pussy. Then she showed him a neat little trick she could do with her cunt muscles. Without appearing to move on the outside, she massaged his cock with her internal machinery. He couldn't move because she had him pinned in the tub. He tried his best to stroke her, but she wouldn't let him move more than ½ inch. 

"Try to relax," she crooned. "You don't need to move. Let me do all the work."

He tried not to move, but as she moved her muscles faster and faster, he suddenly yelled, "Oh, hell yes," and almost bucked her out of the tub. He completely coated the inside of her pussy again.

When they got back to the bedroom, he said, "You are the most fantastic piece of ass I've ever had! When I bought you, I thought I'd be sharing you with my friends, but that ain't gonna happen now. I've got a little business to take care of and then you can join me in Las Vegas. The maid will make the arrangements." He got dressed. She watched as he got into his helicopter and disappeared into the fog.

Twenty minutes later the maid came into her room. "Get ready, we're leaving."

"Where are we going?" Alice asked.

"Paris, of course," replied the maid.

The Hummer limo appeared. Alice and the maid got in. At the airport, they went directly to the executive terminal. Alice was escorted into a big Gulfstream private jet and they were off.

After landing in Paris and clearing customs, the maid got Alice into a large Mercedes limo and took her to the best hotel in the city. They shared a suite of rooms that overlooked the city.

Up at nine o'clock the next day, the two women spent the day buying an entire wardrobe for Alice. The maid had her throw away the clothes she had worn to Paris and saw that she was dressed in the best that the fashion world had to offer. Even her bra and panties were tossed in favor of Parisian selections. They had also purchased a full set of leather luggage.

The next morning they got into the jet and headed back to Canada. When they arrived, Alice and the maid put all of her old clothes in a box. "Charity," said the maid.

Alice was greatly impressed by the way these people moved across the world so casually and easily. 

One week turned into two weeks. Once again the maid appeared. "Get ready. You are going to Las Vegas."

"Aren't you going?" Alice asked.

"No, you're a big girl now. Your plane leaves in two hours."

At the airport, she got into a Lear-Jet. "How many planes does this guy have?" she wondered. She slept most of the way to Las Vegas. A limo (of course!) met her at McCarran International. The driver/valet took her to a sumptuous suite in the Luxor. It was three days later when Jason walked in. "Boy am I tired," he greeted.

"Come with me. We've got a hot tub," She answered.

As they settled into the steaming hot water, she jacked his cock. He threw his head back, closed his eyes and totally relaxed in happy anticipation of coming events. She gently massaged his manhood and rubbed her thumb across the hole in the end. 

"Damn! That felt so good. I must not stay away so long the next time," he thought. 

She was massaging his balls while she jacked him. His dick was harder than a maple pool cue. She shifted him up onto the top step so his cock was out of the water. Deep throating him, she felt him start to quiver. Her suction increased as she bobbed her head up and down on his prick. He was all the way into her throat when she felt the first burst of cum. She greedily gulped it down, licked him clean and settled him back into the water. "Welcome to Las Vegas," she smiled.

Twenty minutes later they got out of the hot tub and she toweled them off. 

He guided her to the bed and lay down beside her. He played with her tits while she rubbed his cock. "That feels way good," he remarked.

"I've got to go to Berlin this week," he said. "I'm waiting for my interpreter to finish up in Zurich. We have two or three days of fun and frolic."

"As luck would have it, I'm fluent in German," she informed him. "If you don't want to wait, I could interpret for you this time."

He had a thoughtful look on his face. Suddenly the idea matured. He picked up the phone, dialed a number and said, "I've got another interpreter. Tell Hans to take his time and I'll see him on my next trip." Looking at her, he said, "You'd better be good."

"You know I don't do anything half-assed," she replied.

"I think you are right," said Jason. Picking up the phone again, he dialed another number and ordered, "Get the jet ready. We're leaving tomorrow morning." He rolled over and tweaked her nipples. 

She wanted his cock in her pussy. She had not stopped jacking it, so it was completely inflated again. She rolled him over on top of her, guided his ready dick into her pussy and said, "Your turn buddy."

He felt her pussy flex on his cock as he started driving it into her. She moaned as he fucked her, harder and harder, faster and faster. Jason had an unbelievable amount of energy left. He was getting close to a climax. 

She could feel him getting more erratic. "Make me cum!" she begged. She felt his cock unload into her waiting pussy and that triggered her own orgasm. She screamed and came again before he could pull it out. "Leave it in, please," she whispered.

So Jason lay there on top of her gasping for breath. His dick was still about half hard and it was still in her. "One of these days, you are going to kill me for sure," he panted.

"That was very good," she observed with a smile on her face. "You're getting better!"

"Let's get a nap and then go to the casino," he replied.

"Okay, but don't take it out. I want to sleep with it in me. Just roll over on your side and hold me tight."

Jason fell asleep with his cock still in her. She loved the feel of his dick as it softened and hardened in her walls. She drifted off into a deep sleep. 

When she woke up, Jason was fucking her again. It felt so good. She hadn't had any 'awakening' dick in a long time. He must have been at it for a while because she was on the edge of another orgasm. She stiffened and came. 

He stroked on for a few more minutes and then squirted his juice into her. This time, his dick softened, shrunk and fell out. 

"When I first met you, I thought that you were faking orgasms to please me, but now I think they are real. You really enjoy this, don't you?" Jason inquired.

"I have always loved sex. I took some superior lessons on how to do it and now, I can't get enough. When you aren't with me, I stay horny all the time. I doubt that you enjoy it as much as I do," she answered.

Room service delivered a big breakfast. As they ate, she asked, "What business are you in?"

"Mostly lumber, but I have several manufacturing interests and even some farm land," he replied.

"If you don't mind my asking, why are we going to Germany?"

He assessed the situation. She couldn't be a spy; after all, he had bought her while she was stranded on an island in the middle of the Pacific Ocean. She was going to be talking to the parties in the coming negotiations. "We are going to Germany to arbitrate a dispute between two of my manufacturers. This dispute must not be made public. Hundreds of millions of dollars are riding on my resolution to it. That is why, you must be 100% sure you can do it."

"I know the German language intimately. I speak it without accent and understand everything that is said. I'll be your right hand at these meetings!"

She leaned over and took his cock in her mouth. She hummed a little tune while she blew him. Her hands were squeezing his nuts as he came into her mouth. Licking her lips, she announced, "Bath time." She led him away to the bathroom.

Ablutions complete, they got dressed and took the limo to McCarran. The 737 biz jet was waiting for them. She looked around the luxurious cabin and finally understood the meaning of 'Super Rich.' The entire interior was finished in red and gold brocade. When she sat down, the seat felt like it embraced her. Jason looked at her and smiled. She smiled back. The jet thundered down the runway and climbed into the Nevada morning.

Ten minutes later a stewardess appeared at her elbow. "Can I get you anything, maam?"

"How about some ham and a couple of pancakes," she smiled, knowing that they couldn't do that in the air.

"Of course, maam," came the shocking reply. What kind of syrup would you like?"

"Strawberry?" she asked.

"Of course, maam." She said as she sped off down the aisle.

"I might have known!" she thought.

After breakfast, she asked Jason, "I want to brush my teeth. Where can I do it?"

"Go through the bedroom at the rear of the main cabin. The rest room is on the other side."

She made her way to the back of the cabin and walked through the door. Inside was a queen size bed with TV and a dresser. The door at the end of the bedroom led to a beautiful little bathroom with a shower, toilet and wash basin. She was amazed. She had thought this kind of opulence was reserved for Arabian oil sheiks.

She cleaned up and went back to the main cabin. "That's some bedroom you've got there. Does it work?"

"Oh, yeah, come with me." He led her to the bedroom. As soon as the door closed he wrapped his arms around her and hugged her tight. "I need some pussy now!" 

"Oh, boy. I was hoping you would say that. I'm about to become a member of the 'mile high' club."

"Actually, it'll be the 'six mile high' club. But who's counting?" he smiled.

"What about the crew? We don't want to be disturbed."

"That's why I turned on the 'occupied' light." He said and tackled her onto the bed. 

There was a brief, mad flurry of flying clothes. She felt his lips on her pussy. It felt so good, she almost cried. It had been a long time since she had been eaten. She had thought that those days were over, but here was Jason, licking happily away on her. She jammed his dick into her mouth and returned the favor with vigor. She came long before he did. In fact, she came four times before he did. After her fourth time, she felt his cock swell as he started shooting his seed into her hungry mouth. They collapsed in a sweaty, happy pile. "Nap time," he ventured.

They fell asleep in each other's arms, his cock resting on her pussy. She was happier than she had ever been. She slept the sleep of the well satisfied.

Four hours later they landed in Montreal. She had never been to Montreal. "How long do we have here?" she asked.

"Just enough time to refuel and restock. We'll be in Berlin soon."

The jet quickly departed Canadian air space and was soon high above the Atlantic. When they leveled off at thirty thousand feet, she took his hand and led him once more to the bedroom. 

He had a happy smile on his face as she took his clothes off and then divested herself. He lay beside her on the bed and started feeling her tits. He squeezed and kneaded them until her nipples stood straight out and were extremely hard. He sucked them into his mouth one at a time and did his best to swallow her whole breast. 

She felt some pain as his teeth contacted the soft flesh but it felt so good! She moaned softly as he devoured her. Her pussy was wet and full of his fingers. Oh, how she loved this. She couldn't get enough. "Please, now!" she begged.

He rolled over on his back and she mounted his rock hard cock, sliding it into her as quickly as she could. It suddenly dawned on him that the only time she was truly happy was when she was full of dick. As she fucked him to death, he thought over a few of his options. "Unh!" he shuddered. He was on the verge of another climax but he was determined to find out if he could make her cum first.

"This is so damned good!" she thought as she jumped up and down on his pole. She felt him quivering beneath her and knew he wouldn't last much longer. She wanted him to cum first so she could see how long he'd last after his orgasm.

He clung desperately to her hips and helped her bounce on his cock. He felt her pussy start to flex. If he could hold out just a few more seconds, she would cum before he did. Her pussy clamped down hard and she started a major orgasm. His dick was squirting into her cunt like a fire hose. It seemed to go on and on but in reality it was over in a few seconds. For just a little while, time had stood still for him. Her juices and his cum drizzled down across his nuts and through his ass crack. 

She sat on his cock and couldn't stop shaking. That last orgasm knocked her out and for a few moments, she had left the world of sanity. She felt him shuddering below her as the last few drops of his juice dripped into her waiting love tunnel. She rolled off of him and stretched out beside him.

He looked at her. She looked at him. "I'll never get better than that," he said softly.

"Yeah, I know," She replied.

They fell asleep in each other's arms. When they woke up, they were only an hour out of Berlin.

By the time they were washed and dressed, the jet was taxiing to the terminal. They boarded the waiting limo and headed for town. Jason had rented a seven room suite in the best downtown hotel. When they checked in, he got an idea about how good she really was with the language when the clerk remarked, "You have a very pretty German wife." That settled it for Jason. She needed a promotion!

When they were ensconced in their suite, Jason took her to the balcony. He looked at her like he never had before. "I have decided to offer you a job with my European group."
