 G A I L

As I nervously drove to the hotel, I searched my memories and tried to remember when this first started. I think it was a progression of a thousand things over a very long period. All in all, I considered Mike and I had a pretty good marriage. We didn't have a perfect relationship, but who does? I think (like many couples) we slowly became trapped in a relationship where intimacy was placed on the back burner for more important responsibilities. Now with the kids gone to college, neither one of us had an idea about what to do with our free time in our empty nest. The greater part of our life together had been about parenting and business pursuits. Suddenly, we seemingly had a wide-open agenda. Our plans of travel never materialized, although the brochures were still stacked on the coffee table.

Out of the need to feel productive, I became involved in charity work for a while, but the politics involved were maddening. Being an angry protester wasn't my life mission. Mike, on the other hand, was content being a homebody, doing house projects and working in the yard.

My husband was always my best friend and partner in life, but the passion that once defined us in our youth was nothing more than a fond memory now. The reality was that the last several years had taken a toll on us. We had become a child-centered home. I knew something needed to change, but the question in my mind was... was it too late?

Where we struggled in one area of our marriage, we were wildly successful in another. Our three incredible daughters were testimony to that. They all excelled in school, as well as in life. Our oldest daughter, Becky, was beginning her master's in microbiology, while Jenna and Anne were working on their undergraduate degrees. Each of our daughters were beautiful and intelligent, but if I saw a weakness in them, it was their boyfriend problems. It took time getting used to the fact that we had three very sexually active young women. 

With our plan of financial independence now realized, I always thought economic freedom would allow us to reestablish some of the closeness we'd sacrificed for the family. One thing was clear: there seemed to be no easy solution to regaining our intimacy. Oh, we still went through the motions, but I couldn't remember the last time I was actually rocked by an orgasm—that is, without the assistance of a toy.

Our diminishing love life wasn't because I didn't find Mike attractive or that he'd let himself go, like so many of my friends' husbands had done. We always enjoyed exercising together. Mike lifted weights daily, which made him appear much younger and muscular than his forty-eight years. I was proud my husband cared so much about his health and appearance.

As for me, my daily aerobics and yoga workout helped me maintain my weight and muscle tone. Even though I'd had three kids in five years, there were no visible stretch marks or cellulite on me, and my boobs were still pert enough to attract attention. Despite being in my mid-forties, men would often flirt with me. I had never been tempted because I took my marriage vows seriously. However, don't all women like to be complimented?

About six months ago, something happened that profoundly changed my life. My identical twin, Penny and I regularly went shopping at the mall on Saturdays while our husbands went golfing. When I say, "identical twin," I mean exact replicas of each other. We maintained the same hairstyles and usually wore the same outfits. It was fun seeing people's reactions. The only noticeable difference between us was that I was a cup size bigger than Penny, but that's because I'd had three children and she was childless.

I remember one day, after finishing a couple hours of window shopping, we stopped for lunch at this little Italian bistro in the mall. I could tell something was on Penny's mind, given the way she was fidgeting in her chair. I noticed she was acting nervous all day, so I asked, "Penny, what's bothering you?"

"What makes you think something is bothering me?" she replied without making eye contact.

I lifted her chin, looked in her eyes and said, "Come on, spit it out."

She still wouldn't answer, so we ate our salads in virtual silence. I knew she couldn't keep anything from me for long.

Finally, she said, "I need to tell you something about Andy and me... but it's a secret."

"Oh my God! You're not getting a divorce, are you?"

"Heavens, no! We're not splitting up, but there's something I need to tell you and you must promise not to tell anyone."

"Pinky promise. My lips are sealed." I motioned as if I was zipping my lips shut.

Then, Penny dropped a bomb on me. She blurted out, "Andy and I have decided to open up our marriage."

It took me a while to process what she'd just said.

"Are you telling me that you're seeing other men outside your marriage?"

She grinned and replied in a low voice, "I'm not just seeing them... I'm doing a lot more, if you know what I mean..."

"Oh my God! You've got to be kidding me! You're cheating on Andy? Are you nuts?"

She laughed at me and said, "Sis, you're thinking way too provincially. It's just sex, not cheating! Andy knows everything. In fact, this was actually his idea. He fantasized about it for years and I eventually agreed to try it for real."

"No way!" I stared at her in disbelief, not knowing how to respond.

She saw my reaction and added, "Since we decided to do this, our love life has been better than ever. It's a win-win situation."

I looked at her, dumbfounded. "I think you're crazy! You're both crazy!"

"Gail, this is a growing lifestyle. You honestly don't know what you're missing. Come on, you can't tell me you never think about being with other men?"

"Never!" I lied. Then, out of pure curiosity, I asked, "How does it work?"

"You're the one with three kids, you should know how it works. You see, there are a boy and a girl, and—"

"Not sex, smart-ass! I mean, how do you meet these men? Do you take them home or go to a hotel? Does Andy go with you? Or do you meet these strangers on your own?"

"So many questions for a girl who says she's not interested," Penny giggled, "so far, I've only done it twice. The first time was with a guy from out of town I'd met online. We exchanged pics and I met up with him at the Carlton Hotel bar. We had some drinks and conversation before going back to his room. Andy waited at home for my call."

"So... Andy just left you alone with a stranger?"

"Yep. We agreed that my first time I should go solo."

I couldn't believe what I was hearing. How could he allow her to go alone? What if the guy was a complete psycho? She could have been killed!

"... I had a fantastic time!" Penny kept talking while I swallowed my anger. "He was younger than me, though—around thirty-five and very muscular, hung like a..." She held her hands about a foot apart.

I rolled my eyes and said, "That's more than I needed to know."

She giggled and continued to recount her sexual adventure. "Once we were naked, all my apprehensions were gone. I lost track of my orgasms. It was great sex, but only sex—and lots of it."

"Where was Andy during all this time?"

"Like I said, he was home waiting for my call. I texted him and let him know that I was safe and would be out longer than planned."

I kept tapping my nails on the table, beyond irritated.

Penny sighed. "Just say it."

"Say what?" I tried to control my temper.

"You're doing that annoying tapping thing you do when you're about to explode. Just say it!"

"I have nothing to say, Penny. You're a grown woman."

She rolled her eyes and exhaled deeply. "I'd rather you tell me what's got you so upset instead of being all passive-aggressive."

"Passive aggressive? Okay, sweetheart. Here goes... You're dumb as a doorknob, and your husband's even dumber!"

My sister's eyes widened in shock while I shook with anger.

"Both of you are stupid! Do you even realize the potential danger you could have been in?"

"What the hell is your problem, Gail? I told you that I had texted Andy that I was safe!"

"That asshole could have murdered you and easily sent a text to your husband, impersonating you! I can't believe you both would even agree to text each other in a situation like that! If I were Andy, I would be worried sick! He clearly doesn't love you enough to be concerned about your safety!"

"Calm down! You're overreacting!"

"I am not, and you know it! You're both insane! There are so many things that could have gone wrong. You could have been hurt or even killed!"

"Don't be so dramatic. We screened him carefully."

"And the second time?"

"The second time was totally different. It was with someone Andy had met through business and it happened at our house." 

I stole a minute to calm down before I said, "That sounds kind of uncomfortable."

"It was. He was about our age but very handsome. Told us he was married and hadn't done this before. He was extremely nervous. Took him some time to warm up."

"What happened?"

"We all had a few drinks and talked for the longest time in the den. Eventually, I got impatient, took his hand and led him up to the bedroom. He was nice, but nowhere near my first time. His nervousness had caused him a bit of an anxiety performance. It didn't help that Andy was there watching. However, after we got going, he did great."

"So why did you decide to tell me this? You must have anticipated my reaction. I still think you're making a huge mistake."

"We're sisters, and I knew you'd eventually figure something was amiss. So, I told you, trusting you to keep my secret."

"You must know I'll eventually tell Mike. We don't keep secrets from each other."

"Of course, I knew you'd tell him. In fact, Andy planned on telling Mike at golf sometime. I'm mostly concerned about Mom and Dad finding out. They'd disown me."

"Well, you don't have to worry about that. Your secret's safe with me."

-oOo-

Several weeks passed and I still couldn't bring myself to tell Mike what was going on with Penny. There always seemed to be some tension between my husband and sister. They couldn't agree about anything, especially politics or religion. One of the reasons I'd hesitated to tell Mike was because I figured it would drive an even bigger wedge between them. In the meantime, Penny's adventures got even more outrageous.

A month had gone by before I mustered up the courage to finally tell my husband what was going on.

"We need to talk," I said to Mike.

"Sweetheart, can this wait? It's a tie score in the fourth quarter," he said, giving the television his undivided attention.

I calmly walked over, took the remote off the coffee table and put the game on pause.

"What the hell are you doing?" he exclaimed. "I've waited weeks to see this game! This better be important."

"It is important. It's about Penny and Andy."

"Don't tell me they have another one of those hair-brained investment schemes they want us to invest in?"

"Nothing like that. It's something much more serious." I took a deep breath. "Penny told me they've decided to..."

Gosh, how do I break it to him?

"Well?" Mike quirked an eyebrow.

"Look, they have an open marriage, okay? There's no other way to say it."

He stared at me impassively, as if what I'd said hadn't registered. Mike acted like I'd just given him a weather report, not life-changing information about my sister. He took the remote from me and resumed his game.

I shouted, "Didn't you hear what I said?"

Silence.

"Mike!"

"Heard you loud and clear, honey—I just don't care. It sounds like something Penny would do, anyway. Isn't 'open marriage' a liberal thing? I really couldn't give squat what she does," he bitterly stated.

That didn't go as well as I thought it would. Despite my efforts, he declined to discuss it further, so I just let the subject drop. However, with my husband being the overly pragmatic nerd he was, he started researching open marriage in all its various forms. I knew this for a fact because he hadn't erased his search history on our computer.

As the weeks went by, Penny gave me the hard details of her meetings with different men. I couldn't pretend that her tales hadn't sparked some curiosity in me. She made it sound so exciting—almost normal, which I knew wasn't true. Her stories about meeting strangers for sex at luxury hotels and cocktail lounges seemed so surreal.

She told me that "size" was one of her criteria in selecting ideal partners. Then, she showed me a cell phone shot of this one guy to prove it. I looked at her phone and almost fell off my chair. It was a picture of a cock so big it couldn't be real: a veined anaconda with a swollen purple head.

"He put that in you?" I asked, breathlessly.

"Yep." She grinned. "Three times! If you're interested, I can set you up."

"I'll pass. I'm perfectly happy at home." I lied again.

-oOo-

The topic of my sister's lifestyle was not discussed between Mike and me for a long time. It was almost a forbidden subject. Then, one evening while in bed, Mike abruptly asked, "Gail, do you think our sex life is boring?"

My first reaction was to scream YES! Instead, I answered, "I really haven't thought about it."

Another lie.

"Why do you ask?" I added.

"Andy and I played golf today. I was curious about what you told me, so I asked him if it was true."

"What did he say?"

"He didn't deny anything. I asked him what it was like dating other women after so many years of being married."

"And?"

"Well, I was shocked by his answer, to say the least," Mike replied.

"Go on..."

"He told me that it was just Penny dating other people, not him."

Oh my God!

"Then he said, 'Happy wife, happy life!' I was speechless." Mike paused for a while before he asked, "Gail, do you ever think about it?"

"About what?" I answered, deflecting his question.

"You know... about dating other men like your sister does."

"Mike, let's be real with each other, you couldn't handle me being with other men. Besides, Penny told me Andy is the one that pushed her for years to do this. I think that's weird. You're not like him... are you?" 

"Of course I'm not! I thought I just thought I'd ask because you're twins. You both look alike but I'm never sure if you also think the same way."

"Suppose I do occasionally think about being with other men? Are you saying you never fantasize about other women? I remember you staring at Marcie's big boobs at our Christmas party. We're human, for God's sake! I would never cheat on you, I'm not some whore!"

"Sorry I asked."

-oOo-

A couple weeks later, we hosted a dinner at our place for Andy and Penny. Conversation was cordial, but it was evident none of us were addressing the elephant in the room. I didn't know what I expected; they were acting as if nothing had changed between them. 

After we finished dinner and dessert, I volunteered to clean up while my husband invited them into the den to watch some television. This was my way to escape the unspoken tension. After a few minutes, Andy came in the kitchen and offered to help. Before I could reply, he'd already put on a spare apron and rolled up his sleeves.

"Thanks for dinner, Gail. It was delicious."

"Oh, you're welcome. I'm glad you enjoyed, Andy." I smiled.

"It was always amazing to me how identical twins could be so different. You and Penny are like night and day."

I laughed lightly and said, "We've always been like that, unfortunately. Go on back. I really don't need your help."

"Come on, Gail, don't pretend you don't know what I'm talking about."

"To answer your question, I really didn't think my sister was much different than me until she started sharing her exploits, or should I say, sexploits?"

He chuckled. "How does it make you feel, knowing your twin is a hot-wife?"

"Honestly? I think she's crazy. I think you're both crazy."

"Maybe so, but it's a good kind of crazy. I haven't seen her this happy in years. No one knows her better than you. Don't you agree?"

"It's hard to miss, but then again, Penny was always the more uninhibited one between us."

"Not according to her." He grinned. "She told me you were the wild-child in high school. Something about you and the entire football team."

"Sorry to disappoint you but she's exaggerating... it was just the offense." I laughed.

"So, whatever happened to that Gail?"

"It's simple, I grew up and got married. Those days are nothing but fading memories of a not so stellar past."

"Does Mike know your history?"

"Hell no! And you better not tell him!"

"Mums the word. But... whatcha gonna do to buy my silence?" he asked, cupping my butt cheeks.

I reeled around and slapped him across the face with a hard whack!

"Don't ever touch me again!"

My slap didn't seem to faze him in the least.

Andy smiled and said, "Now, now, I was just testing the waters."

"I'm not a slut like my sister!"

"My wife is not a slut. She's a sexually liberated modern woman. Wake up, this is 2018. Things are changing."

"That's a load of crap! Get out of my kitchen before I slap you again."

"Yes, Ma'am!" He chuckled, rubbing his cheek. "Don't you think we should see what our spouses are up to?"

"What do I think? I think you're certifiable."

-oOo-

Mike was sitting toward Penny, facing her. As soon as we entered, they instantly jerked apart. It didn't escape me that a few more buttons were undone on her blouse than at dinner.

"So, what are you watching?" I asked.

Mike's face turned crimson as he looked up at me, startled by my presence. "Uh, we were just watching the weather and news."

"Oh, really? Conan O'Brien does the weather and news now?"

Penny grinned. "Loosen up, Gail. Mike and I were just talking. It's not like I'm going to jump my brother-in-law's bones with you in the next room. Not unless you want me to, that is?" She laughed.

"Penny, you've had way too much to drink and It's getting late," I stated.

"Party pooper! Come on, Andy, I know when we've outstayed our welcome." Penny stood abruptly, wobbling a bit on her high-heels. She took Andy by the hand and led him to the door. She was halfway out when he said, "Thank you for a wonderful dinner. I think she had a bit too much wine."

I think you both had a bit too much, I thought.

"I'll talk to her tomorrow." Then I whispered in his ear, "But a word of advice... please get some control over her or I promise you'll regret it."

-oOo-

As I prepared for bed, I couldn't make my anger dissipate. I was still enraged at what my sister had done tonight, but I was equally disappointed with Mike.

Was it really the alcohol? Or was she so far gone in her scandalous lifestyle that all morality had gone out the window? How could she jeopardize our relationship like that? I'm her sister! She must be insane to make a move on my husband in my own house!

Penny was spinning out of control. I just had no idea how to help her.

After I cleaned my face and put on my pajamas, I slipped into bed but was immediately intercepted by Mike. He cuddled me and planted a passionate kiss on my lips; a kiss that he hadn't given me in years. 

"Wow!" I panted "What brought that on?"

"Why do I need a reason to desire my sexy wife?"

"I guess I need to wear my flannel pajamas and put cold-cream on my face more often." I laughed.

Mike started nibbling at my neck and unbuttoning my top. Then, he cupped my breasts and forcefully pulled me down on the bed. I reached out to turn off the light on the nightstand, but he grabbed my wrist and said, "No! Leave it on. I want to look at you."

Whatever had caused this sudden burst of passion, I didn't care. My husband was finally showing me some attention. He practically ripped my top off and attacked my nipples, alternating from one to another.
