 We had "met" in an online chat room an age ago; the topic of travel had initially sparked our conversation, which had gradually developed into a deeper connection. Aside from a rare intellectual connection, there was a cheeky chemistry between us. Lately, it was rare for us to go a day without contact -- and, today, it was finally time for us to meet. 

I lay by the pool under the shade of a large umbrella, the black bikini a stark contrast against my tanned curves. Reclined in the sunchair and behind dark sunglasses, I appeared to have a cool and calm demeanour; few would have guessed that my stomach was filled with butterflies at the thought of finally seeing you. 

As I relaxed by the pool, closing my eyes in the warm sunshine, your cab pulled to the front of my hotel. As your eyes fell on the lobby entrance, your heart started to pound harder in your chest, suddenly questioning the visit. We had only been in contact via messages before -- so it was a big risk to take such a long trip to see me. As you opened the car door, you couldn't help but wonder whether I was feeling the same excitement and anticipation you were. 

Climbing the steps to walk through the lobby, you leaned against the railing overlooking the pool, fumbling for your phone as your eyes fell on the curvy brunette laying at the far end, admiring the curve of her ass as she lay on her stomach, skin glistening in the sun. You took a moment to drink in the sight of her chest softly rising and falling with each breath. She lay, oblivious to your gaze, as you felt blood surge to your cock, becoming hard at the sight of her. Finally finding your phone, you shot off a message, letting me know you had arrived - surprised to see the brunette you had been watching move to check her phone. Looking closer, finally seeing her face, you realised it was me. 

With a smirk, you moved toward me, eyes keenly watching my curves. Finally reaching me, you stepped closer and dropped your bag next to my chair. The shadow cast over me and the sound of your movement finally alerted me to your presence. Opening my eyes behind my sunglasses, I smiled widely up at you, so pleased to finally see you in the flesh, after the messages and photos exchanged. 

I exclaimed an excited "hello," and stood to give you a hug. Wrapping my arms around you tightly, my pussy tingled as my breasts crushed against your chest, satisfied to feel you little hard against me. 

Releasing you, I returned to my seated position on the sunchair, taking the opportunity to reapply sunscreen as I asked you, "How was your trip?"

"It was good..." you replied, somewhat vague and distracted, your response trailing off as your eyes followed the movement of my hands, gently massaging the thick lotion into the soft skin on my arms, neck and breasts. 

Your cock stiffened in your pants as your eyes focussed on my now stationary hand, held at the centre of my glistening breasts barely contained in my flimsy black bikini. Realising I had stopped, you raised your eyes to mine, narrowing them as I grinned cheekily back, knowing I had been caught. 

With a smirk, you sweetly asked whether I would like you to apply the sunscreen to my back. I narrowed my eyes at you in suspicion, uncertain of your intentions - but, ever sun smart, I agreed. 

You lifted the tube of lotion from my hands, gently nudging my hip as you instructed me, "roll over". 

Following the direction of your nudge, I rolled away from you, resting on my front with my hands crossed below my head. 

You took a moment to drink in the sight of me laying beneath you before you straddled me, your weight above me as you poured a gentle stream of lotion onto my back, applying it generously as your strong hands rubbed the cool cream into my soft skin. As your hands massaged my muscles, your teasing fingers sometimes slid a little lower than I thought you intended, sliding under the band of my bikini panties. Your hands thorough, ensuring you'd reached the sides of my body as well, you grazed my large breasts, gently cupping them as I felt your weight shift and your hardness press against my ass. 

A sudden fire raced through my body as the realisation hit me that I had been waiting for you. Following your soft ministrations and teasing touches, my body was alight with need and I simply couldn't wait any longer. 

Finished applying the sunscreen, you rose from me. I rolled over and stood, grabbing your hand to urgently pull you after me. 

"Now," I demanded. 

My mind focused solely on what my body was craving, I was grateful that my room was not far from the pool. Nevertheless, I was somewhat breathless by the time we arrived at the door (although there was perhaps another reason for the excitement). 

As I fumbled to find the key to the door, you stood behind me, pressing my body to the door, so hard I could feel your thick hard cock pressed firmly between my ass cheeks. Your left hand encircled my body, roughly grasping my breast, and your right hand swept my hair away from my neck, your lips meeting my tender flesh, feeling the vibration in my neck of the guttural moan that escaped me as you lick and sucked at my soft sweet skin. 

I finally found the right key and slid it into the lock, twisting the door handle and pushing it open as we stumbled into the room. Dropping everything to the floor, your hands found mine and pinned me to the wall inside the door, your lips hungrily on mine as you kicked the door shut behind us, giving us some desperately needed privacy. I lifted my legs to wrap them tightly around your waist, gently raising and lowering my hips, grinding down onto your cock. We were separated by only a few thin layers of material, enflaming my need for you. 

You dropped your hands, roughly grasping my ass as you pulled me away from the wall to carry me to the bed. You roughly threw me down, looking down to me laying beneath you on the mattress. I watched your hand drop to your pants, a soft whimper escaping my lips as I watched your fingers excruciatingly slowly sliding the zipper down to reveal what I was craving. You slid your pants down and laughed as you heard my gentle moan as I finally lay my eyes on your thick hard cock. 

My eyes on your cock, I suddenly became aware that, as badly as I wanted to taste you, my pussy was dripping with desperate anticipation and I simply couldn't wait any longer to feel you inside me. Reaching for your hand, I roughly pulled you to lay on your back on the bed, spreading my thighs to straddle you. 

My milky DD breasts swung in front of your face as I reached my hand down, untying the sides of my bikini panties, lifting them to expose my dripping wet pussy. Moving my hips slightly back, I raised myself to hover above your cock, your throbbing head poised right at the entrance of my pussy, as I met your eyes. 

"Please?" I asked, pleading to feel you inside me.

"Yes," you commanded, meeting my eyes. As you confirmed your permission, I lowered myself, a deep guttural groan escaped my lips as I felt your throbbing length inside me, filling my sweet pussy.

My head fell back with a soft moan as I lowered my body, the pressure of my body bearing down forcing your deliciously thick hard cock into my tight pussy. Finally sitting, as sharp gasp escaped my lips as I felt you bottom out inside me, my pussy unable to take any more. My hands held your chest, bracing myself as I raised my body again, beginning to ride your cock. Despite the slow and steady motion I was determined to maintain so I could enjoy the sensation of you filling me, a primal urge overtook me and my riding became more urgent, bouncing up and down on your cock as my breasts bounced above you. I leaned back and reached one hand behind me, grasping your leg to brace myself, as the other hand cupped my breast, gently rolling my nipple between my fingers, lightly pinching it. 

While I continued to bounce on you, you raised yourself to a sitting position, your hands on my ass, pulling me to you. Your mouth lowered to my breasts, kissing and sucking my sweet tender flesh, your tongue softly licking, teasing my nipple. A gasp escaped my lips as I felt your mouth latch onto me, sucking my sensitive nipple as your teeth grazed my bud. The combination of my feeling of fullness together with your mouth on my breasts caused a deep moan from my throat, unable to maintain control anymore. My arms wrapped around you, clutching you as my nails dug into your back, one hand tangled in your hair as I held your head to my breasts. I couldn't help but beg. 

"Please," I gasped as I continued to ride you, loving the sensations of your thick cock filling my pussy. My mouth found your neck, kissing and sucking in the same manner you had done to me, softly biting at your flesh as I tried to stifle my moans. 

"Fuck me," I begged. 

You lifted your mouth from my chest briefly, meeting my eyes with a wicked grin. "Yes?" you asked, returning your attention to my nipple with an intensity that made me gasp. 

"Please, sir," I replied. Despite your thick cock filling me, my bouncing was not satisfying the desperate animalistic urges coursing through me. Looking up at me, you once again met my eyes; this time, a dark hunger evident. 

"Move," you growled at me, prompting me to swiftly scramble from your lap onto the bed next to you, suddenly nervous. You stood and rounded on me, like an animal stalking its prey. 

"On your knees," you ordered sternly. The sudden harsh tone of your voice left no question in my mind; you were not to be disobeyed. 

I rolled over onto the bed, kneeling, bracing my arms against the headboard. I looked back towards you as your hands fell, your fingers massaging my butt. A sudden gasp escaped my lips as I was surprised with a sharp stinging slap on my ass. 

You roughly pulled at my hips, positioning me at the edge of the bed, your hard cock poised at my entrance. The head of your dick rubbed against my sensitive clit, massaging my hard bud, causing a strong shiver to run through my body.

"Beg," you commanded, sternly. 

"Please," I asked, trying to control the quiver in my voice. 

Feeling your hand on my ass again, I immediately knew you wanted more, a sharp gasp coming from lips as I felt the stinging pain as you again spanked me. 

"Please, sir," I begged, desperate now as my pussy flooded at your touch. "Please, fuck me."

With a sharp cry, my body was pressed forward as you held my hips and thrust into me, your thick hard cock spreading my soaking wet pussy. You moaned at the tightness, feeling my muscles constrict around you, making your withdrawal difficult. As you pulled out of me, I groaned, begging "no," at my sudden emptiness, needing you to fill me. 

One hand left my hip, reaching around to cover my mouth, muffling my moans as you thrust into me again, fucking me harder and faster as my naughty little pussy demanded of you. 

"You're such a naughty girl," you chastised me as you continued to thrust into me. A question tried to escape my lips, muffled against your hand. 

You chuckled darkly, enjoying the wickedness of what we were doing. 

"Jessica, you demanded my cock inside you within minutes of seeing me," you reprimanded. The depravity of the situation hit me and, as I realised how much I enjoyed it, a fresh wave of juices flooded my pussy. 

"Such a bad girl," you murmured, increasing the speed and depth of your thrusts as I cried against your hand, softly biting your palm. My body trembled under your hand as you fucked me, not letting up as my orgasm wracked my body with an explosion of pleasure. 

I collapsed on the bed below you as you roughly manoeuvred me to face you. Faced with your hard cock, my mouth opened, and I focused only on the object of my despite. One hand fell between my legs, stroking my throbbing clit, as I licked and sucked at your pulsing cock, my other hand cradling your balls. 

I felt your hand tangle in my hair as you guided my head, savouring the sensation of my mouth and tongue on your dick, knowing how much I enjoyed giving head. You were aware how much sucking your dick turned me on, knowing that it was likely my pussy was freshly wet because of my mouthful. Your suspicions were confirmed as you felt my soft moan muffled by your cock as my arousal once again grew. 

Turned on by my arousal and the sensations of my mouth obviously enjoying your cock, your hand stopped, holding my mouth to your cock so that you were buried balls deep in my mouth, feeling my throat constrict as I gagged a little. The sudden tightness of my throat muscles pushed you over the edge, and you held my mouth to you, your cock exploding, filling my throat and mouth with your thick cum. Your load was bigger than either of us anticipated, and you felt me gag a little again as my mouth was filled, a few drops spilling out the corner of my mouth down to my chin. 

Finally empty, you released my head and I pulled back with a gasp. My fingers flew to the corners of my mouth, scooping your cum back into my mouth and swallowing it, savouring your taste. 

You collapsed back onto the bed with a long, slow exhale, looking over at me. 

I looked back at you, smiling shyly. 

"Hi," I said, "it's nice to finally meet you."