 Once my girlfriend and I decided to have an open relationship we began getting bolder about it. We'd tell each other every detail of our sexual experiences, which would in turn get us so worked up we wound up having some very hot sex. Last Friday night we both had dates and decided to make it challenging by "assigning" a sexual task to be fulfilled at the end of the date.

I told my girlfriend that, while still in the car, I wanted her to lean over, pull her date's cock out and stroke and suck him until he was about ready to explode and I wanted her to have him cum all over her tits. After some thinking my girlfriend told me that she wanted me to do the same thing, to make it even.

Several hours later, after my date, I arrived home. My girlfriend wasn't home yet so I undressed and took a shower, thinking about how I couldn't wait to hear how her date went and tell her about mine knowing it would lead to some more hot sex. While I was drying myself off I heard the front door open and she came in. I went down stairs to meet her in only the towel. She was obviously tipsy in her skintight hip hugger jeans and black low cut top. She smiled at me and then laughed at herself knowing she was a drunker than me. We embraced and I started kissing her neck and ears, running my hands all over her body. She was running her hands all over my back, shoulders and chest.

"So how was your night?" I asked.

"Good, and yours?"

"The same."

I led her up to the bathroom. Once we were there I undid her jeans and pulled her top off, kissing her deep and passionately the entire time. I admired how beautiful and sexy her body was in just her black boyshort panties and black lace bra. I could also see that she had indeed accomplished her mission: her date's cum was all between her breasts and all over the lace of her bra. I reached back unhooking her bra as she leaned forward kissing me. I glanced down, seeing that he had also covered her erect nipples as well. Although it made me a bit jealous to think about someone else cumming all over my girlfriend I loved the idea and couldn't wait to hear more. As we started the shower water I pushed her up against the wall and slid my hand in her panties. She was soaking wet just as I had expected. 

"So tell me all about it?" I said as I kissed her neck, stroking her ass, and hips.

She told me that they went out for drinks and played pool. She was nervous but with a few drinks in her got excited about what was going to happen. At the end of the night her drove her home. As he drove she told me she was rubbing the crotch of his jeans, feeling him get hard. She admitted she loved the idea of sucking his cock and then coming home to tell me all about it as she leaned over his lap at a traffic light and pulled his half hard cock out, slipping it into her mouth right away. As she told me this I began playing with her pussy, grinding my now hard cock against her body.

"Did it turn you on to suck him while he drove you home?"

"Yes, a lot. We were almost all the way here before he pulled over at the park down the street."

"Then what happened?"

"He reclined his seat and pushed my hair out of the way so he could get a better view of me sucking him."

By now the water was hot and we stepped in, washing and soaping each other, kissing and playing as she continued the story. She said she was pumping and sucking him faster and harder, stroking his balls while he moaned out. That's when she told me she asked him to fuck her mouth. With that she reclined her passengers seat and he climbed over her, straddling her, fucking her mouth while she stroked the base of his cock. Not wanting to fail in completing the assignment she reached down and pulled up her tight black top and bra. He responded by stroking and playing with her tits fucking her mouth faster. He also slipped his hand down inside her jeans and panties and stroked her pussy. She admitted that she was so horny she wanted him to fuck her but knew neither of them had a condom and by that point just wanted to get home and tell me about it and have me fuck her. He pumped in and out of her mouth until he exploded all between her tits, torso and bra. Then she said they made out for a while and he drove her home.

"Now it's your turn," she said, leaning over and taking my now hard cock in her mouth.

I told her that my date and I also had drinks and walked around down town. We were touching each other and kissing as she led me someplace. We eventually got to an office building.

"Where are we going?" I asked.

"To my office to pick up a few things," she said with a smile.

"Sounds like she had that planned out," my girlfriend said, taking my cock out of her mouth only long enough to speak.

I went on to tell her how once we got up to her dark office she didn't even turn the lights on she just started undressing unzipping her dress and letting it drop to the floor. She was standing there in only a tiny g-string with no bra. I walked over and stood between her legs kissing her and playing with her pussy until she was soaking wet. By now she had my cock out of my pants and was stroking it in her hand. Then my girlfriend stood and we began kissing, my hand returning to between her legs to play with her by now swollen pussy. My girlfriend wanted to know if she sucked my cock and if I fucked her. I told her yes to both questions. 

"After she sucked my, I spread her legs apart and fucked her while I rubbed her pussy."

My girlfriend let a moan escape as I gripped her body tight, not letting her even wiggle as I teased her. Now I was so worked up it was time to fuck my girlfriend so I spun her around, making her grab a hold of the side of the shower. I slowly worked the head of my cock back and forth against her pussy. I easily slid inside her, pushing her ass back into me. As I slowly fucked her against the wall I told her how I eventually bent my date over and pounded her from behind.

"Did she like the way you fucked her?" my girlfriend asked.

"Yes, she was moaning for me."

"Just like me right now."

Hearing he say that turned me on so much I began fucking her harder and deeper, keeping her pinned against the way of the shower. I reached forward, playing with her pussy, using my other hand to grip her hips and ass, pinning her right where I wanted her. I turned her head towards me and we kissed deeper and harder. I loved the idea that she had sucked her date's cock, making him explode all over her tits, right where I was running my soaping hands, wondering how she looked in the passenger seat, his cock filling her mouth.

By now we were so worked up and horny that he began to describe in great detail what had happened while I slip in and out of her, grinding against my body against hers. That's when I confessed that I told my date about our little assignment while I was fucking her. 

"What did she say?" my girlfriend moaned out.

"That she wanted me to explode all over tits a soon as she came."

I described how as soon as her pussy spasmed and gripped my cock she lay on the desk, her body glistening with sweat and offered me her smallish, tight tits, rubbing them together, telling me to cover every bit of them. I could feel my girlfriend getting close to cumming as well especially as I told her how I stood next to her at the desk and stroked myself all over her tits, even sliding my wet cock in her mouth so she could taste and lick me clean. That did it for my girlfriend, pushing her over the edge as she gripped my body, leaning against the shower to catch her breath. I fucked her hard for another few seconds before pulling out and covering her ass in my cum. Afterwards we dried each other off and then got into bed, brainstorming what our next assignment should be.