 Chapter 2 -- Heidi's Discovery

Heidi awoke the next day feeling happy and sated, and went down to the kitchen to make some breakfast. After she ate, Heidi returned to the bedroom to gather the laundry when she noticed his suit lying in a pile on the floor. Odd, he usually tosses them in the hamper, or puts them on a chair in the corner for her to dry-clean. She picked up the shirt and the scent of a perfume wafted up to her, muskier than hers, and very strong. He could have only gotten that much on him by holding someone very close for a very long time; not just a quick hug. 

He was cheating on her. 

Heidi's breath came in gasps as she thought of all the times that he stayed late at work, the weekends, the lunch appointments, company trips. How many of those were excuses to fuck some floozy at the office?

"Calm down, honey," she thought. "You need proof before you confront him with it." 

She came up with a plan. She pulled out her sexiest black lace lingerie; corset, garters, thigh-high stockings, and stiletto heels. She pulled out her black full-length fur coat, and the outfit was complete. She then booked herself a 'me day' at the spa, complete with up-hair-do for tonight. 

Heidi came home at seven, and with butterflies in her stomach, dressed (or undressed) and headed downtown to see her husband. 

Day wound down into night and Josh found himself working late again, and with Lilly. The sexual tension was incredible, stretching tighter as the day wore on. After lunch, unable to take any more, he cornered Lilly in the copy room. With one hand over her mouth to keep her quiet, he pulled her panties to one side and fucked her hard and fast over the copier. They emerged fifteen minutes later flushed and breathing slightly heavily, but nothing too outrageous. 

Now everyone had once again gone home and they were alone in the building. Unable to keep his mind on work, he called her over to his desk and pulled her down into his lap. 

"Can I help you with something, Mr. Whitmer?" she said innocently, wrapping her hand around his growing bulge. 

"You're driving me crazy!" he hissed, pulling her into a hard, desperate kiss. 

"Now, that's just silly," she said between kisses. "I'm not doing anything."

"You have the most incredible body," he said, licking her neck, "The tightest, most amazing pussy I've ever had."

She said nothing as his hands roamed over her body, smoothing the dress off her shoulders, and kissing what flesh he exposed. Josh spent several minutes massaging her breasts, and licking and sucking her nipples. 

"Please kiss me lower," she groaned, writhing in his grasp. She stood up, and let her dress fall in a silky pool at her feet. She smoothed her panties off, giving Josh a peep-show view of her pussy from behind. Lilly spun around, and sat on his desk, legs kicked wide, ready for him. "Please, I need you," she begged. 

Josh licked a wet line up her inner thighs, ending at her innermost treasure. Her lips were moist with pungent juices, and his tongue teased still more out. He took his time, licking first the outer then the inner lips, until Lilly was writhing on his desk, moaning loudly. He circled around her hooded clit, and it popped free and stood out proudly. Josh homed in on it and sucked on it as he put two fingers up inside her, rubbing her g-spot. 

"Oh, God," she screamed. "Don't stop, please don't stop!" 

She held his head tight to her pussy as her body tensed, an orgasm thundering down on her. Josh kept up the pressure on her clit until she pushed him away, unable to take any more stimuli. Lilly deftly unbuttoned his pants and shoved them down and pushed him down into the chair. She straddled him, and placed his cock at her moist opening. 

Lowering herself slowly, she impaled herself on his meat. Lilly's head was thrown back and her lips parted in a sigh as inch after inch of his cock sank into her wet vise-like grip. After getting used to his girth for a moment, she began riding him, picking up speed as she went. She rotated her hips and cried out as his cock rubbed her entire vagina at once, filling her with intense pleasure. The room filled with the sound of the couple's grunting and groaning, and the wet squishing sound of their sex. 

Heidi arrived at the office complex Josh worked at, a skyscraper deep in the inner city. The garage underneath the building accepted her parking pass, and she found a spot near the elevator. Due to the late hour, she passed no one. Taking the elevator to the 23rd floor, she got off and entered the law firm. It was deserted save for his office.

She walked quietly in her spike heels across the carpet, and listened outside the door. Heidi cracked the door open silently, and took in the scene. Her beloved husband of five years was mounted by a buxom Asian woman who had his cock buried in her pussy to the hilt. Both of them had their eyes closed, savoring the sensations. Josh had both his hands full of her naked breasts and was sucking on them, one after the other. They were both completely oblivious to the fact that they were being watched. 

Heidi felt her body go all low and tight, and juices began to flow. She opened her coat and slid a hand down into her lace panties, fingering her hardening clit. She dipped a finger down into her honey pot and felt the steaming fluid pour out of her, soaking her panties. 

"You've got the most amazing pussy," he moaned. "So soft, so warm..."

Josh picked Lilly up and pulled his cock out of her. She made a noise of disappointment, and sighed as he put her on her feet, turning her away from him. She leaned into the desk and thrust her ass at him invitingly. He pushed his meat up between her thighs and found her moist hole, sliding in easily. Josh slammed into her, hard and fast, and she screamed, high and primal as his cock forcefully invaded her tight little pussy. 

Heidi felt the tension of orgasm building in her stomach as she watched her husband aggressively fuck this stranger. As the couple's animalistic sounds reached a fever pitch, Heidi's orgasm rolled over her, nearly causing her to lose her balance. She bit her lip to hold back the cry of ecstasy as the growing knot in her stomach exploded into warm waves of pleasure throughout her body. As the orgasm faded, she gingerly pulled her hand out of her panties and left the building. She didn't know what to think about what she had seen. What she did know was that she had never been more aroused. 

Josh felt Lilly's pussy begin to tighten around his cock, and her motions became erratic as she came closer to orgasm, and he picked up the pace to cum with her. He grabbed her arms and pulled her hard onto his dick as he shot a huge load of cum deep into her womb. She screamed, high and long as his hot cum, gushing against her cervix, pushed her over the edge. Josh kissed a line of wet kisses down Lilly's back, and pulled reluctantly out of her hot little flower. His cum poured out of her, and ran down her thighs in a sticky stream. Lilly caught some of it in her fingers, and licked them clean. She knelt down and sucked his softening cock into her mouth, tasting both of them, and licked him clean. 

Lilly stood, smiling, and went to the bathroom, swaying her hips seductively as she walked. Josh watched her go, entranced by her exotic beauty and raw sexuality. They both dressed each other and left the building, necking in the elevators. Josh kissed Lilly goodnight and left for home. 

Josh walked though his front door into a dark house. It wasn't all that late, and Heidi should have been up. Puzzled, he walked into the hallway and the door shut behind him. He spun around to find his wife, wearing nothing but stockings and high-heels, leaning against the door. Her hair was done in a complicated roll on top of her head, and her make-up was perfect. 

"Hello lover," she said; her voice dark and sultry. He stammered a little, but she silenced him with a finger on his lips. She stalked up to him and buried her tongue in his mouth. She tore at the buttons on his shirt, and pushed him into the living room. She was working on his pants when they reached an oversized couch. She shoved his pants to his ankles and pushed him into the chair, following him down. 

Heidi kissed him hard again, and then forced one of her massive tits into his mouth. With strong arms she held his head tight to her breast. He enthusiastically sucked her straining nipples into his mouth, and grabbed her ass with his free hands. She lifted herself slightly, and felt the head of his dick nestle into the soft folds of her pussy. Juices poured over it, building since the scene in the office. She slammed herself down on him, taking his whole length at once, and crying out as he filled her completely. 

"You've got the most amazing pussy," he said. "So soft...warm...wet."

Furious that he said the same thing to another woman just an hour ago, she clamped down on his cock hard, locking him in a velvety vise. She held him tight, and slammed herself down on him over and over again. Josh called out, hoarse, gripping her breasts tightly in his hands as she moved over him. She ground her clit against his pubic bone, seeking her pleasure single-mindedly. Her orgasm, primed by thinking about her seduction all day, came quickly and rushed through her. She cried out, voice strangled, and her body tightened around Josh's cock until it was almost painful. Heidi climbed off him, shaky with the aftershocks of her orgasm. 

Josh was enraged that Heidi dismounted him, just as his own orgasm was beginning to grow. He grabbed her, spun her around, and threw her to the couch. She squealed, surprised, and caught herself with one knee on the couch, one leg on the floor, on all fours. Josh wrapped an arm around her throat and rammed his cock home in one stroke. He grabbed a handful of soft breast and squeezed hard. Heidi tried to struggle, but he was far too strong, and she began to see spots from lack of air. He slammed himself brutally into her, her pussy squishing wetly as he penetrated her. 

Heidi gasped, fighting for air, and her body shuddered in a mix of surprise, pleasure and pain as he forced himself on her. The sensations were too intense, so close after her orgasm. She fell to the couch, unable to hold herself up. Josh lifted a leg over hers, and pushed himself deeper in her, desperate to bring himself over, whatever it took. Another orgasm rolled over Heidi, and she blacked out from the intensity and lack of air. As she went limp, Josh stepped in front of her other leg, grabbed both her arms and pulled her against him with all of his strength. Letting out a primal bellow, he jack-hammered his cock in and out of his helpless wife, using her arms as leverage to bury himself deep in her pussy. He felt his bulbous head push hard into her cervix and she whimpered in pain. 

Josh's orgasm slammed over him, blasting her insides with hot semen. He continued to slam into her pussy over and over again until the spurts ended, and her pussy was slick with his cum. Pulled out of her fast, letting his cum run out of her and soak into the couch. She lay there, unconscious, while he went up to take a shower. 

"She has to know," he thought. "She's never acted like this before. But maybe she doesn't. We haven't had much sex lately, and she needs it pretty often. Maybe she just had to have it tonight."

He ran a bath in the monstrous tub in the master bath, and returned to the living room, gathering his naked wife in his arms. He carried her to the tub and lowered them both into the frothing, steaming hot water. She came to with a start as the water touched her, and then relaxed as she realized it was him carrying her into the tub. She kissed him tenderly as he rubbed her slick skin, very submissive, but trying to thank him for the intense sex. She never considered rough sex as acceptable, but she could not deny how hard it made her cum. 

Joshed washed every inch of his wife, and sat her between his legs and massaged her scalp as he washed her hair. Between the hot water, the multiple orgasms, and the stress of the day, Heidi slipped into a kind of trance, completely under the power of her husband. 

He lifted her out of the tub, wrapping her in huge, soft towels. Dried and sleepy, he carried her to bed. They slept spooning tightly together. Heidi didn't know what she was going to do, but she didn't want to lose him. She was uncertain how she felt about him cheating on her. Her stomach cramped low and tight, and began lubricating as she thought of the frantic sex in the office, and how hot it had made her. Maybe they could work something out. Just maybe.