 Note: To get to the good stuff in this story, you have to go through a little bit of fluff, as with most of my stories. Trust me, it's well worth it. More coming soon!

Open Season

Another beautiful mountain day in Montana.

I had decided to come up again for deer season. I had spent enough money getting my out of state license for elk season, I figured I should make use of it. So I bought some deer tags, and drove up from San Diego, where I'm stationed, in my Chevy Colorado, to my cousin's place in Billings, MT. 

My girlfriend, Lindsay, again was again accompanying me on this trip. But this time she wasn't just gonna sit around while I was out in the weeds. I got her a rifle for Christmas the previous year, a Ruger M77 Mark II bolt-action, in .25-06Rem caliber, with a Bushnell Banner 3-9x40 scope. I had been teaching her how to shoot, and she was getting pretty good. So I went half on her out of state license and tags. So we decided to go with my cousin and his buddy Mike out into the weeds and shoot us some deer. 

Before I get too far into this, I guess I should give some background. I'm in the Navy, an Intelligence Specialist 2nd Class, and I'm stationed in San Diego, California. I'm 5'11", and weigh 180lbs. I'd put on some more muscle since the last hunting trip. I have brown hair with a natural blond highlight, and grey eyes. I have 3 tattoos, one of my family crest on my left shoulder, my Navy tattoo on my right shoulder, and a soldier's cross on the back of my right calf. And the Southern California sun had been very kind to my skin, as I was so tan that I looked Sicilian. Lindsay is about 5'6" and weighs 125lbs. She has dyed strawberry blond hair (naturally blond), and ice blue eyes, 34C, a 24 inch waist, and 34 inch hips. She has 3 tattoos as well, one on her ankle, lower back, and one between her shoulder blades. She was also blessed by the sun, since every time I went to the beach, she came with me.

We left on Thursday morning, and between the two of us, we made the drive from San Diego in a day. (It was 5 a.m. when we left, and we arrived in Billings late that night). 

We stayed in the same hotel as we did on the last hunting trip, and actually, come to think of it, it was the same room, too. Funny coincidence, I dunno if Lindsay noticed. 

Friday morning we got up at the ass crack of dawn, and put on our gear. We grabbed our rifle cases and a box of ammo a piece and went out to the truck. As we loaded the cases into the back of the truck, I noticed the look on her face.

"What?" I asked.

"Nothin'. Isn't it funny that we're in the same room as last time?" she asked with a sly grin.

"I didn't think you noticed. But yeah, it is. We'll see how it goes, maybe it'll be just as good as it was the last time." 

"Maybe.." she grinned at me again as she bit her bottom lip. I could tell she was thinking about our wild nights from our last trip.

I tried to get her mind off of it, or neither one of us would be able to concentrate on hunting, much less the actual action of shooting something.

"You looking forward to going out? You've been talking about it since I got you your rifle." I asked, really trying not to think back on the events myself.

"Yeah, I am. I wish we could be in the same place, but you're not too far away."

"No, and Frank is gonna be near where you are. He's already got our blinds set up. I'm in the same one I was in during elk season. You'll be about a mile away from me. And the truck will be about halfway between us." I said with a grunt as I loaded the case containing my rifle, a Weatherby Vanguard bolt action .308Win with the same scope as hers. I closed the tailgate, and put the cover down.

I handed her a walkie-talkie and we got in the truck and drove to Frank's house to meet up with him and Mike. We got there a little earlier than we were supposed to, and Frank wasn't ready yet, so we went and had breakfast at the little pancake house down the street. It was good food, and it was cheap, so I left a good tip.

After breakfast we went back to Frank's house, and Mike had arrived while we were gone, his 1993 Chevy Suburban was parked out front, and when I walked inside to get them, I found myself looking down the barrel of a rifle.

"Oh, sorry 'bout that," Mike said as he lowered the rifle. It was a nice one too.

"New rifle there, Mike?" I asked, admiring the fine piece of hardware he had in his hands.

"No, not really," he said as he handed it to me.

It really was a nice piece of equipment. A Steyr SBS in .280Rem with a Leupold VX-III 3.5-10x50 scope. It was just about giving me a hard-on holding it.

"That's a hell of a nice rifle, where'd you get it?" I asked him.

"I don't remember. But it shoots like a honey."

Frank came up from his basement with his Remington 700 .30-06, and greeted me. 

"How's it goin', bud? Ready to go kill something?" he asked. A rhetorical question.

"Yep, me and Lindsay both." I replied.

"Alright then, let's go," he said as he put his rifle in a soft case.

Mike, Frank, and I walked out of the house, I didn't bother locking the door, since my cousin Jodie was still at the house. (Frank isn't actually my cousin, he's married to my cousin, Jodie, so for convenience, he's my cousin.)

Frank and Mike got into Frank's Ford F-350 diesel, and I got back into my Chevy, where Lindsay was leaning against the window, and looked asleep.

"You asleep, honey?" I asked, not expecting an answer.

"Not anymore" She said. Her eyes were still closed as she stretched. It was funny, even in full hunting garb she still was the sexiest thing I had ever laid eyes on. I couldn't tell you how I got so lucky.

I leaned over and kissed her on the cheek as Frank was pulling out of his driveway. I had parked on the street.

I put the truck in gear and we followed him out to his spot. We all got out of our respective vehicles.

"You guys just wanna meet up later? Same place?" I asked.

"Yeah, that sounds good. Mike?"

"Yeah, we can do that." Mike said.

"Alright then. What frequency are you guys on?" I asked as I pulled the walkie-talkie out of my pocket.

"Channel 8." Frank told me.

"Roger that. I'll see y'all later, hopefully we'll all have something to show off." I said.

"Don't give me that shit, Jon, you already have something to show off," Mike said as he looked at Lindsay.

"Yeah, I know. Isn't she a beaut?" I said as I looked at her and smiled.

She gave me a little grin and started back to the truck.

"Alright guys, see you back here later." I started back to my truck.

"See you then." Frank and Mike both said.

I got back in the truck and started to drive to about halfway between mine and Lindsay's blinds, when she reached over and started to stroke my cheek.

"What's a matter babe?" I asked.

"Nothin. Just the way you brag about me... I kinda like it." she said with a grin.

"Good, cause I won't ever stop" I said with a grin of my own.

We drove the rest of the way in silence. Finally we got to the spot, and I stopped the truck and turned it off. We got out and retrieved our rifles from the bed of the truck, and loaded them up. I personally prefer the 5+1 capacity (5 in the magazine, 1 in the chamber), whereas she just takes 5. We both took our boxes of ammo and stuck them in our rucksacks, and off we went. I kissed her one last time before heading out, and we went our separate ways.

I got to my blind and looked around a little bit. I set my rifle in the corner of the blind (it's 3 sided), and took off my rucksack. I started rummaging around in my pack for the Tink's doe in heat urine and the cotton balls I had for bait. I started tying the cotton balls to some strings and then tying the strings to trees around my blind. I think the furthest away I put one was about a hundred yards. I had my scope set for 200 yards, so I would be okay at a hundred, just aim a little low. After I had done that, I got out the antlers I had in my pack and started making noise with them, hoping that a buck would come along.

I then picked up my rifle from the corner and sat down on the 5-gallon bucket with a pad on top that I used as a seat. I put the high-powered firearm across my lap. I learned from elk season that the safety being flicked off of a weapon was enough to spook an animal, so I had the safety off.

I took out the pair of binoculars that I had in my pocket and started looking around. I didn't see anything. So I decided to call Lindsay on the radio.

"Lindsay, Jon"

"Hey, honey, whatcha need?"

"Go to channel 3."

"Okay."

I switched my radio over.

"Lindsay?"

"I'm here."

"Good, cause I wanted to tell you something. I'll make a deal with you. If you get a bigger deer than me, we'll go back to the room tonight, and do whatever you want."

"Oh, is that how it is, huh? Well what if I was gonna say the same thing?"

"Okay then, deal?"

"Deal. I'm going back over to the other frequency."

"Alright."

I switched my radio back over, and went back to playing with the antlers. Hoping to bring a buck closer, since the scent bombs weren't doing much good, even though there was a nice faint breeze blowing.

BANG!! From the direction of Mike and Frank I heard a shot. I couldn't tell who it was, so I got on the horn.

"Mike, that you?"

"Nope, that was Frank," came Mikes response.

I pushed the button down again, "Frank, did you get it?"

"No, I missed, he's coming toward you and Lindsay though, six points."

"Roger, I'll be on the lookout."

I picked my rifle up off of my lap and set it on the edge of my blind with the stock in my shoulder. I started to scan the area with my scope set on 3x. I looked to the left and saw nothing, so I started to go right, and through the brush that was about 250 yards in front of me across a clearing I saw a doe and a 4 point buck. I turned up the power on the scope and started to aim.

BANG!! The buck fell, the doe ran, and I just about squeezed the trigger in surprise. The buck got back up and started to run. BANG!! a second shot dropped him. I watched through the scope, and he didn't get back up. I then looked to the right, but I popped the safety on. I looked and Lindsay was walking out toward the buck. 

Damn, I thought to myself, we haven't even been out here for 3 hours and she's already shooting.

I stepped out of my blind, slung my rifle over my shoulder and walked out to meet her.

As I got nearer to the deer, I noticed a hole in the back of it's right back leg. That must have been the one that put it down for the count. I also noticed that it was still breathing. 

"Damn, babe, you didn't kill it, it's still alive and kickin!"

"Oh, I feel so bad now! Jonny, do something!" She really did look distressed about the thing suffering. I was also feeling bad that the poor thing wasn't dead, but slowly suffering, so I did the only thing that made sense. I un-slung my rifle and put a 150-grain .30 cal bullet through the animal. I didn't move after that.

"Well babe, have fun stripping this thing. I'll help you drag it back to the blind."

We each grabbed an antler and started pulling. I was afraid of breaking them, but they held until we got back to her blind. She pulled out the double edged Ka-Bar that I had gotten her, so we had matching knives, and started to go to work.

"I'm headed back to my blind. I'll see you later. Here," I said as I took the rucksack off of my back, "take this." It was a harness you hooked to your body so you could drag the deer. 

"Thanks babe. Happy hunting!" she said with a devilish little grin. She was winning our little bet.

"Okay babe, don't be smug, I'll getcha." I smiled and started to walk away. I got about two-thirds of the way there, and I heard another BANG!!

"Mike, that you?" I said into my radio.

"Yeah, that was him." Frank's voice came back over the walkie-talkie.

"Damn, everyone's fired but me, oh well. I'll get one. Out"

I got back to my blind, trying to be quiet, and sat back down on the bucket. I rested the rifle on the edge again, and flicked off the safety. I then worked the bolt to eject the spent casing that was in the chamber. It hit the ground and I picked it up and put it in my pocket. I then chambered another round. I had 5 more in the rifle, plus 14 more in the box of Winchester Super-X ammo in my rucksack.

I looked through the scope and saw another pair of deer in the field. These were two bucks, and they were coming straight for me. They stopped for a second and sniffed at the blood in the field, I took this opportunity to take aim at the bigger of the two. He was smaller in actual size, but had a bigger rack, so I aimed at the right side of his chest and squeezed off a round from 200 yards.

The 7.62x51mm NATO designed cartridge threw the rifle back into my shoulder, but thanks to the factory recoil pad, I didn't feel a thing. As soon as I squeezed the trigger I reached up and worked the bolt, ejecting the spent casing, and reloading another cartridge. I looked through my scope again and there he was on the ground, and the other was nowhere to be seen. I went out to him after a couple of minutes and poked him with the muzzle of the rifle. Dead as a doornail.

BANG!! 

I got out my radio at the speed of sound and called Frank.

"Frank, you get him this time?"

"Yep! Sure did!"

"Awesome. Lindsay and I already have one a piece, and I guess Mike got his too. I'm gonna drag this bad boy back to my truck and strip him, and meet you guys at the spot. Kay?"

"Alright, see you then."

"Later."

I reached down and retrieved my own double edged Ka-Bar from my boot, and began to go to work. It smelled just as bad as the elk had, but when the wind blew you couldn't really tell. I then realized that I was so excited about actually getting a deer that I didn't count the points. Six. Ha-ha! I won!

When I was finished I retrieved another of the harnesses from my pack and hooked it around my torso, and started to drag the deer the half-mile back to my truck.

I saw Lindsay already there, she was struggling a little bit with her deer, so I got to the truck and unhooked my harness. I went over to her and helped her with her deer. We loaded them both into the back of the truck

"Oh, you won!" she said as she watched me tie down the deer in the bed of the truck. 

"Yep, I did, but we'll say you did, just for fun..." I said with a little grin.

"Oh, you" she said as she leaned in and gave me a big ole kiss.

Just then Mike and Frank came back. They were dragging a deer by the antlers, it was bigger than mine, 8 points. 

"Nice, whose is that?" I asked

"Mine." Frank said with a smile.

"I only could see does where I was. I just couldn't seem to bring a buck in. Oh well. There's always next weekend." he said with a shrug.

"Yeah, but we won't be here. That's too bad, you'll have to send us pictures." I said.

"Oh yeah, let's take a picture with the rifles and the deer!" Mike said as he went to get a camera from Frank's truck.

So I had to untie the two bucks from my truck and get them back out of the bed. I did this with assistance from Frank and Lindsay.

We set up the deer so that they were facing the camera and we put our rifles in front of them. Then we all got behind our deer and grabbed him by the antlers and smiled.

Mike took a few pictures of us like that, and then we loaded the deer back up into the trucks and headed to the processing place. I was amazed that they were still open, it was almost 7. 

After we had dropped off the deer for processing, Lindsay and I headed back to our hotel room, and Frank and Mike headed back to Frank's house so Mike could get his Suburban.

When we got back to the hotel room, we started to strip off all of our hunting gear. I got down to nothing but a white t-shirt and my running shorts that I wore under my pants, and Lindsay somehow got down to nothing but a pair of panties, and had another one in her hand on the way to the head. Just then I had an epiphany, something in my head said 'go join her'. So I followed my instinct.

I grabbed a pair of boxers out of my bag and headed over to the bathroom door to listen. The water was already on, so I waited a couple of minutes, and then slowly eased the door open. Once I was in, I left the door open, and stripped out of my clothes. I then pulled back the shower curtain, and I think I slightly startled her, because she jumped a bit when I pulled open the curtain.

She hadn't changed much in the time that we'd been together. But she looked so beautiful with her red hair all wet and down on her head, covered with suds.

"Hey, babe, mind if I join you?" I asked as I stepped in.

"Not at all," she said as she tossed me a washrag.

I retrieved a bar of soap from the ledge and started to lather up. By the time I was ready to wash my hair (of which I have very little, but it still has to be done), she was ready to get out.

"You leaving me here all alone, babe?" I asked with a rather sad look on my face.

"No, not at all, Jonny, I was gonna stay till you were done... maybe I'm not clean enough, maybe you should wash me...." she said as she smiled up at me and bit her bottom lip. The little fox.

"Oh, okay, let me get clean first, then I'll see just how dirty you are..." I said with a grin of my own as I shampooed my hair.

As I lathered and rinsed, Lindsay stood behind me and started fiddling with her tits. She was rubbing her hands up and down her torso and over the perfect mounds. It was really arousing. I was doing my best not to get a hard-on right there.

When I was done rinsing I said, "Okay, now come here and let's clean you up." I grabbed the washrag and bar of soap again and lathered the rag. I then ran it over her midsection and over her shoulders, paying special attention to her breasts, and pretending like I wasn't. 

"Damn, that piece of schmutz is just not wanting to come off!" I said as I made another swipe over her lovely chest. 

"Where?" she said as she cupped her tits and looked. 

"There," I said as I poked a little harder than I meant to above her right nipple

"Ouch! Jerk!" she said, not looking very happy.

"I'm sorry, babe, I didn't mean to do that." I said apologetically. 

"Whatever, you so meant to." she said as she moved to rinse. 

As she was rinsing, I was just kinda standing there, with this soapy ass rag in my hand, so as soon as she was done rinsing and had turned the water off, I wrung out the rag right over her head as soon as her back was turned.

"OH MY GOD!! I can't believe you would do that! Jonny!"

She turned the water back on and gave me a dirty look, and as I was hanging the rag back up so it could dry, she squirted me with shampoo.

I had been laughing the whole time, and when she did that, it made me laugh harder.

"You dork," I said as I grabbed her round the waist and pulled her toward me. I gave her a big kiss, which she returned. As we broke apart, I didn't want it to end, so I leaned back in, still covered in shampoo, and suds now, and kissed her again. Deeply this time. It was like I had never kissed her before. We were, I believe, finding something that we'd never found in each other before. I dunno what it was, but it was there.

We broke apart again, and I said, "Let's rinse off and get ourselves dry, then let's get some dinner, and see where it goes from there." 

She smiled and turned around to turn the water on again, showing me her magnificent ass in the process. I could never get tired of seeing that. 

We took turns rinsing, and when we were both sud-free, she turned the water off, once again, I got a glimpse of that magnificent ass, and we stepped out and dried ourselves. 

As I put on my boxers I noticed the look on her face. I could tell she was horny, and she was standing there in nothing but a pair of white lace boy cut panties and a matching bra. As a matter of fact, I think it was the same set that she had worn the last time we were here. Just like her ass, it was a sight I could never get tired of. 
