 The music blared as another Top 40 pumped through the speakers at the club. The lights were dim and the dance floor was full as it was the end of the night and everyone had a solid amount of alcohol flowing through their veins. She was dancing with her friend, drink in the air, swaying from side to side. Her long blonde hair flowed down her back in massive curls that looked like waves as they rocked back and forth. Her curvy frame was silhouetted in a white lace mini dress that let her thin, bare legs run for miles. 

He watched her from the other side of the floor as he danced with another girl, a stunner from the dance program no less. He watched as her hips danced and she waved her arms in the air, occasionally stealing glances over at him. The dancer was grinding her firm little ass all over his crotch and he was breathing heavily on her neck. His one arm was draped around her waist holding her close while the other held his beer. 

The DJ changed the song to an Eminem classic and he broke away from the dancer. He made his way to the front of the dance floor with his buddy and they climbed onto a couple of chairs. Rapping the song as loud as they could, performing for the crowd he realized what a mess he was. He was sweaty and his shirt had become unbuttoned, his tie loosened because the dancer had gotten hot and heavy really fast. 

She could hardly stand how he looked up on those chairs, performing to his heart's content. It was clear he was born to do this. Never had she ever found him more attractive than right now with his shirt and tie loosened off. 

This opportunity comes once in a lifetime

She sauntered up to the front of the dance floor and stood directly under his chair. She rocked her arm back and forth to the hard beat of the song and sang at the top of her lungs, chugging the last of her cooler down. 

He tried not to stare as she wavered slightly in her platform booties after downing her Smirnoff. She was so unbelievably beautiful, and he just couldn't take it any longer. As the song changed, he hopped down onto the ground and spun her around. She giggled as he pulled her in close. The DJ started a sexy slow song, perfect grinding music. He pulled her in close and spread his legs slightly.

She rubbed her hips against him, straddling one of his legs as the dance floor began to heat up. She could feel his breath, hot and sticky on her neck and it made her knees weak. They ground themselves together until neither could take anymore.

"Grab your coat," he said into her ear. She looked into his eyes, searching for a reason not to. She found none. She hobbled away through the crowd in search of her jacket. He leaned over to his buddy and grabbed his shoulder.

"I'm heading out. See you tomorrow man," his friend looked confused. 

"Already?" 

"Yeah man, wait what do you mean already? It's last call in 20 minutes!" The men laughed. She tapped his shoulder, her coat was on, she was ready to leave. His friend realized what was happening. He clapped his shoulder in congratulations.

"Be safe bro, see you tomorrow!"

He looped his arm through hers and they headed toward the exit. He grabbed his jacket from the back of a chair as they passed it. 

Outside the air was cold and crisp. Thick snowflakes were falling all around them.

"So where are we going?" She asked, innocently.

"Well, I live about ten minutes from here over near Jarvis, if you want to go there..."

"I live two minutes from here at Bay and Gerrard, much closer." 

He cocked his eyebrow and leaned her against the cold brick wall of the bar.

"A little impatient are we?" He leaned in close and kissed her, softly at first. She grabbed the collar of his jacket pulling him closer into her and adding tongue to the kiss.

"Aren't you?" She asked coyly when the kiss finally broke. He chuckled and kissed her nose.

"Lead the way my lady," he said with a bow and grand sweep of his arm.

"Don't mind if I do," she smirked as she started walking.

He followed close behind her, when they reached the main street he swept her into his arms.

"Whaaaaat are you doing?" She giggled.

"I can't have you jay walking across the slick street in those shoes," he said. "There's tracks, you might trip."

"Oh how thoughtful. My prince," she giggled as she kissed him. He carried her across the street and continued to carry her all the way home.

"Turn left here," she said.

"I thought you lived on Gerrard?"

"This is the back entrance. Whatever gets us warm the fastest." He put her down and opened the door for her. 

"Such a gentleman," she smiled as she walked inside. The security guard smiled at her from the front desk as they walked to the elevators. 

"This is a pretty swanky place for a student to live," he said as he put his arms around her.

"It is, but I can't seem to find anything cheaper with the same standards." She said as the elevator doors opened. As she entered the elevator he spun her around and pushed her against the wall. She hit the button for her floor then threw her arms around his neck. Furiously they began kissing, groping at each other like animals. When the elevator chimed and the doors opened, she wrapped her legs around him and he carried her down the hall. Not once did their lips part. She opened her eye and peaked at the number on the nearest door. 

"This is it," she said into his mouth and she wiggled down. He wrapped his arms around her waist and kissed her neck as she scrambled for her keys and unlocked her door. Pushing it open she threw her bag on the floor and he kicked the door shut behind him. 

They undid each other's jackets sliding them to the floor as they made their way down the hall. When her back slammed into her bedroom door she stumbled into the room. He caught her and held her close, for the first time that night they shared a romantic kiss. He laid her down on the bed without stopping the kiss. They moved higher until her head was on the pillows. Finally he broke the kiss and looked down at her.

He brushed her hair out of her face as she stared up at him with a dreamy look in her eye. She reached up and touched the side of his face.

"You were really great out there tonight."

"I couldn't have done it without you," he kissed her forehead. She laughed.

"Yes you could have, I didn't do anything that would affect your performance." He kissed her lightly on the lips then moved down to her neck. She wrapped her arms around his neck and rolled her head back at the tickling feeling. Slowly he moved down to her chest, reaching down to the hem of her dress and lifting it. He stopped and kissed her lips, looking into her eyes for permission. She nodded slowly and he pulled her dress up and over her head. She tossed it onto the desk beside her. He went back to kissing down her chest, his hands gently massaging her breasts. She played with the hair on the back of his neck and wrapped her legs around him.

Her breasts were large but naturally so and firm under the black lace material. He slipped the strap off of her right shoulder and she helped him slip off the right, putting her hand over his. She arched her back and he reached under her, undoing the clasp. Slowly he pulled it away from her body. Her breasts were pale with light areolas and her nipples were hard. He tossed her bra behind him and licked her right nipple. She moaned in response and squirmed beneath him, her arms stretched above her head. He quickly licked the other one and held her breasts together. He enveloped her right breast in his mouth much to her delight and was rewarded with more moaning. Back and forth, he pleasured her by licking, sucking, and nibbling her breasts.

Finally she pulled him back up to her face and kissed him passionately. Her tongue intertwined with his. She unbuttoned his shirt quickly and nimbly and began undoing his tie. He leaned back onto his knees and tossed his shirt ripping his tie over his head. She reached up and rubbed her hand over his stomach. He looked down at her with lust and hooked his fingers into the sides of her black lace thong. She raised her hips and held her breasts as he slowly slid her thong down her legs, leaving a trail of kisses as he went. He tossed it behind him with the rest of the clothing and spread her knees apart. He rubbed the inside of her thighs and kissed around her pussy. The insides of her thighs were slick with wet. He pulled her lips apart with his thumbs and licked her hot wet slit. She quivered as his tongue passed over her swollen clit. He licked and sucked on her bud as her juices flowed and she moaned. Slowly he slid one of his fingers into her slit, she gasped and ran her fingers through his hair. Slowly he began sliding in and out of her and slipped a second finger inside. He continued to pump his fingers into her as he sucked her clit. She began to rock back and forth and grind her hips into his face. He walked his fingers along the rough spot on the top of her vagina. She let out a guttural moan and pulled his head closer to her.

     "Oh fuck, what are you doing to me?" She cried out as she continued to grind herself on his face. Suddenly he felt her body tense.

     "I'm gonna cum, oh fuck. Oh shiiii-" she cried as she writhed on the bed, her juices poured over his face. He slowly slid his fingers out and dragged them across her clit causing her to shiver. She reached down and brought his hand up to her face. She sucked her juices off of his fingers looking into his eyes. He smirked and licked her clit one last time. She sat up and threw her arms around his neck. Pressing her body close to his she kissed him deeply as he held her ass. She slumped back onto the pillows flushed and she brought her knees together and held her breasts, fondling her nipples as he stood and undid his belt. She sat up and slid forward undoing his fly. She pulled his pants down and his dick sprung up. 

"Mmm," she looked up into his eyes. He reached down and brushed her hair back. She reached up and wrapped her hand around it. She rubbed it up and down before bringing it to her lips kissing it softly before putting the head in her mouth. 

Her mouth was warm and hot making him moan as she bobbed back and forth on his hard dick. She cupped his balls and rolled them back and forth. Suddenly the heat was gone, he looked down to see her roll his balls around in her mouth, sucking them down one at a time then licking from the base of his dick to the tip. He pushed her back by the shoulders and climbed on top of her.

She giggled as he kissed her and she played with her nipples. She wrapped her legs around his hips and he positioned his dick at her slit. Slowly he slid into her, stopping after the head was inside. She rolled her head back and forth as he slowly pushed inside of her. When he was all the way in he stopped for a while and kissed her softly. 

"You're so big babe," she moaned in between kisses.

"You're so tight," he replied. He began pumping slowly in and out of her hot cunt only pulling out about halfway before pushing back in. 

"Faster..." she said airily grinding her hips back into him. So he began to pump faster and harder. The sound of his balls smacking her ass mixed with the wet sounds of sex made her crazy.

"Oh FUCK me," she cried as she reached above her head to grab the headboard. So he pumped faster still, throwing her legs over his shoulders. Her body tensed and soon he felt her pussy clamp down on his dick. She was cumming again. She let out a cry and shook as he slowed down. When it was over, he pulled his cock out slowly all the way and then pushed it back, all the way in. He did this over and over very slowly as she caught her breath.

She pushed him off of her and got on her hands and knees. He got up on his knees and slid back inside of her doggy-style. He spread her ass cheeks and sucked his thumb before rubbing her asshole. She grunted and moaned her approval as he pushed it in slightly. Pumping hard and fast he could feel that she was already ready to cum again. She got up on her knees and wrapped one arm around the back of his neck while holding the headboard with the other hand. He held her right breast in one hand and rubbed her clit with the other.

"Holy fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuuuuuuck!" She cried as she came again. "Pull out!" she yelled so he let his dick slide out and out came a wave of squirt. When his dick grazed her clit it was followed by a dozen smaller squirts. She was convulsing, her hips still bucking like crazy so he spun her around and held her tight until she calmed down. He laid her down on the bed, laying on top of her to keep her contained. When she finally stopped she reached down and slid his dick back into her. He fucked her slowly, his balls were ready to explode but he didn't want to cum if she wasn't ready. He rubbed her clit in little circles as he fucked her.

"Cum inside me," she whispered into his ear. That was all he needed. He picked up speed and before long, he felt his balls tighten and his whole body was filled with heat.

She could feel herself on the edge of yet another orgasm as he shot load after load of his hot cum into her pussy and massaged her clit. She could feel it hitting her uterus and filling her up. With one final twitch of his cock, he pulled out slowly. She felt her tired muscles tighten and she came one last time as his dick slipped out of her and he kept rubbing her clit. 

He rolled onto his side and lay with his head propped up on one arm. He brushed her hair off of her face and she looked at him with glazed eyes. He kissed her slowly as his dick began to soften. She moaned as she kissed him back, rolling her clit. She reached up into her pussy and pulled out a load of his cum. She sucked it off of her fingers and swallowed it, smiling at him. He sat up and spread her pussy lips and she pushed more of his seed out of her tight little hole, bringing it up to her mouth each time.

"This is by far the best opening night party I've ever had," he said as he wiped some cum from her chin and put it in her mouth.

"I hope so," she laughed. He sat up and pulled the blanket out from underneath them pulling it up under their chins. "Good Night," she said as she rolled onto her side.

"Good Night," he whispered as he pressed himself against her wrapping his arm around her. This was the start of something they'd been waiting for, for a long time.