 This is the first in a series of stories about Joe and Lisa and their sexual adventures; sometimes together and sometimes alone.



I awoke to the sounds of birds chirping near the window and soon realized it was the weekend and I had used the extra time for catching up on much needed rest. Looking out the window it appeared that this would be a glorious summer day. That's when a sudden movement caught my attention. I was looking directly into our neighbor's back yard where the pool was located; more specifically Dee parading around with a string bikini that didn't hide anything from one's imagination. Even though I'm a married man with a beauty of my own this was quite a site that I should enjoy for prosperity.

Dee is our neighbor who should be in every man's dreams but just shrugs off flattery as she's just an average girl. Average my ass! At 5 foot 5 inches, jet black hair, an ass to kill for and the most luscious set of tits a man could crave she sets a fine example of womanhood. There she was moving this chair, that table, sweeping here and there making things tidy. Every time she bent over that string would get tighter up her ass crack and looser on her top. Finally Dee must have gotten frustrated and just took the damn thing off. Wow what a site! That top piece sure as hell wasn't giving those tits any support because they didn't sag at all. I finally caught a glimpse of her pussy area and as I suspected she was shaven bald.

Thank you lord was all I could mutter as my other head was now doing all the thinking.

I'm not hung like a porn star or internationally famous for my size so as I looked down at my boxes; my dick was swelling to its state of readiness with a nice fat head starting to peak through my shorts opening. Well here's an opportunity to take things into my own hands I thought to myself. As I looked down to check things out and drop my shorts I noticed that Dee had moved away from the pool area and was nowhere to be seen.

What the fuck had happened to her! 

Here I am with this hard on and was enjoying this vision and she disappears. I dropped the idea and went to take a shower. When I returned from the shower I thought I'd check out the pool area one last time and just as luck would have it Dee was returning with a towel and lotion to soak up some rays. She looked around for the best area and settled down at the side to my right where my best view was. Damn what a great day this was!

She was still naked and put her hair up to keep the suntan lotion away. Still standing Dee smothered her body with this stuff and laid down to catch the heat of the day. Now what should I do. I can stand here to admire this and jerk off or save the built up load for my wife when she gets home from her shopping trip. Dicissions, dicissions, dicissions what's a man to do? Lisa, my wife, loves sucking my cock especially making me shoot big loads with her talented mouth and tongue. I'll wait for the sure pleasure thing!

I put on a t-shirt, shorts, and sandals and decided to take a stroll around the neighborhood. Leaving the house and heading around the block I was approaching Dee's place when a van pulled into her driveway. Out pops this bubbly little thing about 5 feet tall with a great figure and a model's face. She smiled at me and I nodded back with a grin from ear to ear. With an angelic voice she asked me if I lived near by and I explained that I was the neighbor and pointed to my house. 

Karen was her name as she extended a hand for me to shake.

"Joe" I replied.



I had a tough time not starring at her beautiful eyes and generous set of tits but she seemed used to it and said Dee was expecting her as she bounced off.

Now I was curious as hell and made a mad dash for the house and my new found favorite window. I raced upstairs and sat on my bed for a good view. Dee was still laid out in the sun and I expected her to get up to answer her doorbell to let Karen in. She must have her own keys because she appeared out the house wearing nothing but a smile as she made her way over to Dee. 

Dee looked up opened her arms and took Karen in and gave her a long, long kiss. This put a tent in my shorts again. 

Karen took her hand pulled her up and they walked into the water together. They embraced again and started to run their hands all over each other; with Karen needing Dee's tits something feverishly. This turned her on and she responded with another long kiss. Karen seemed to be washing the lotion off Dee's body as her hands were everywhere. Up the stairs out of the pool to the lounge chair they went.

Dee laid down as Karen started to kiss her neck and ran her tongue down to her tits and sucked in her nipples. This must have had an interesting effect on Dee as she arched her back and puckered her lips. Karen kept her attack on her tits and nipples for what must have been a good ten minutes as Dee is now squirming around at a pretty good pace. Now that Karen has Dee's full attention she slowly ran her tongue down to her belly button area lingering for a moment or two before planting a big kiss on Dee's pussy. 

That did the trick as she clamped her thighs around Karen's head for a minute or two. Karen fought back her legs and started an attack on her pussy lips with a tongue and a finger massaging her clit. More tongue work with more saliva produced two fingers in Dee's pussy as she slowly started to sway her head side to side. 

Karen looked up at Dee and lapped her pussy like a dog a couple of times as Dee's hips responded by rising up off the lounge chair. The contortions on her face showed she was enjoying the hell out of this and Karen responded by inserting another finger in her pussy. 

Wow, this was making me go crazy with desire. I was concentrating so much on what was going on in front of me that I never heard Lisa come into the house or the bedroom for that matter. 

She looked at me rather curiously and asked what was so interesting. I told her about Dee and Karen as a big smile showed on her face. My wife and I had discussed watching other people having sex but two women weren't on the agenda. My thoughts were on how she would accept this. Lisa sat next to me to check out the action and immediately drew in a sharp breathe when she saw what was happening. 

"How long has this been going on" she asked?

I told her the sequence of events and she just stayed glued to the action. Karen was still working on Dee's pussy with tongue and fingers when she reached under the chair for something in a tube. She managed to remove the cap without a break in the action and squirted this stuff on her fingers and Dee's pussy. Slowly she started to rotate her hand to catch the lube and to our amazement she slipped her entire hand into Dee. She was fist fucking her!

Lisa let out a gasp and asked how the hell she could do that. I remembered when we shook hands how small her hand was as it disappeared in my palm. I explained that to my wife as she was now transfixed to the scene in our view.

Dee let out a moan we could hear from our room as a giant wave of an orgasm overtook her body. We thought she had passed out but was very still as Karen removed her hand from her pussy. She brought it up to Dee's lips so she could share the juices with her. Wow, what a moment. They lay still after that enjoying the pleasure.

Lisa snapped back to reality and looked at me with a sheepish grin and said that was an amazing performance and

wanted to show me what she had bought on her shopping trip. I've got a raging hard on and she wants to show me things she bought. Fucking great! Lisa disappeared for about 5 minutes and came into the bedroom wearing a soft blue push up bra with the top of her tits exposed, matching thigh high stockings and 3 inch heels. My mouth was open in amazement as she had never dressed like this before. She looked beautiful and I told her so. I inquired who she went shopping with to talk her into purchasing these items and she told me it was her aunt Deb.



"You approve?"she asked.

"Damn right."

Lisa walked over to where I was standing and reached for my hand and pulled me to her body and kissed me. Our tongues were in a dueling match as we were turned on by the day's events. My hands were on her ass in a flash as she let a low moan of approval. My balls were starting to feel the pressure and I was looking for some relief. Lisa pushed me onto the bed and slid on top of me.

She offered her tits to my mouth which I gladly accepted and started to tongue her nipples. She threw her head back in appreciation of what I was doing and came down hard on my face with her chest and proceeded to beat me with swaying tits. She looked down at me and said that she had some other things that would be useful right now as she reached down off the side of the bed into a bag and produced a cock ring for me and a rather interesting dildo. Her aunt must have some power of persuasion for this stuff!

Lisa took my shorts off and made sure everything was in its proper place before she slid my cock into her mouth for a moment getting everything nice and moist before she put the cock ring on and tightened it so that I couldn't cum until she was ready for me to do so. Her quick mouth job and the position of the ring made my balls swell to almost twice their normal size and I was feeling it down to my toes.

Lisa lay next to me and said I was to have some fun with the dildo but don't hurt her as this was a new experience. I didn't need much encouragement so off I started with the vibration on low as I worked this toy over her nipples as I was kissing her stomach ever so slowly working my way to her pussy. She was enjoying this as she was squirming around a little more than usual. I started to drag the dildo down between her tits over her stomach towards her pussy when I thought what the hell and brought it to her lips and told her to suck on it so it could slide in easier.

She took it in her mouth a little ways and started to give it some tongue action like it was a real dick. My balls reacted to this as more pressure built by the site of this. Lisa finally took the whole thing down and left a wad of saliva on it for easier penetration. I had been watching this while I was licking her pussy and was ready for the task at hand. I brought this down to her pussy lips and ran it up and down one time with it on low speed before I eased it in.

Man she jumped a foot in the air and I hadn't started to get to the heart of the matter yet. I chuckled to myself and turned the speed up a little more and started an in and out twisting motion now. She moaned, clinched the sheets, brought her hips off the bed and screamed she was going to cum. 

Hey, I said to myself what the fuck I've got my balls cinched up and she's cumming.......... No way! 

I stopped everything. Lisa pleaded with me to continue but I toyed with her.

"You cock sucker" she yelled.

"I'm open to a lot of things" I told her as she laughed at me.

"Please start over again" she asked in a very sexy voice. 

"I'll make you shoot a bucket full of cum when you're done with me." 

I love words of encouragement!

I started the in and out motion with the dildo again as I adjusted the vibration to where it was before and the effects were starting over again only this time when started to scream I turned the vibration to full and rested the unit on her clit. I had all I could do to hold the dildo to the spot as she flipped out! I thought I killed her. Her eyes had rolled back and her mouth had gone into a grimace like I had never seen before, but the breathing was intense as I watched her chest go up and down like a piston. Her nipples had swelled to the largest I had ever seen them and they can get big at times. I turned off the vibration and slowly withdrew the dildo from her pussy and gave it a lick. Lisa saw this smiled at me and brought her tongue to her lips so I brought this up to her for a taste of her own pussy. She licked it and said she wanted to see me take this in my mouth. I'm not gay but did have a thought or two about what it would be like to have a dick in my mouth so I opened up started to take this down a little at a time.





Lisa watched with glazed eyes as I took care of her request. 

"Joe, what a turn on to watch you do that. Thank you honey!"

Lisa was still shaky from her intense orgasm as she made her way to the bathroom to clean up. She called to me to come in there. When I walked in I found her holding a big enema bag which she explained was for me. 

Now my mind was spinning for what was next and Lisa could see the anticipation on my face as she explained she had a toy for me also. After two cleansing sessions, which were difficult and slightly painful while still wearing the cock ring, she said I was ready. I was still pumped up from the day's events so my balls were turning blue from the voyeuristic show, anticipation and watching Lisa cum that hard.

Lisa took a large towel and placed on the bed and instructed me to lay on it while she went for my toy. She told me to close my eyes and not to open them till she said ok. She sat next to me and was unwrapping something when she said open up. Lisa was holding a male anal dildo with what appeared to be a 3 inch finger on the end of it! 

"What makes you think I'll go for that" I asked?

Aunt Deb said Uncle Pete goes fucking crazy when she uses this on him so I thought I'd give it a try.

I never knew they were that sexual or that Lisa was that open with Deb but right now I didn't care my balls ached and I needed relief.

"This has some unique features that I read about and I'm sure you'll enjoy them" she cooed.

Lisa started kissing me very passionately as she was turned on with anxiety as much as I was. Slowly the tongue worked its way down my neck, chest, nipples, stomach, and reach it's destination on my dick which was having a hard time with the ring. 

She looked at it and said "it stays as it is for now." 

Lisa's mouth started working my balls for a few minutes which made me start to moan and squirm. I felt a new sensation now at my asshole as she was trying to fuck it with her tongue.

"God that feels great" I blurted out.

"OK baby you're ready" she sighed. Lisa pushed my legs back up toward my chest, lubed the dildo and slowly started penetrating my asshole. It wasn't really that big around so it started in pretty easy. She asked if everything was ok and I nodded yes. The first turn on the dial expanded the dildo about a half inch which made life a little more interesting as she had now about half of this thing working in and out. I was getting some extra blood to my dick which was throbbing like a sore thumb because it must have grown an extra inch or so by now. Lisa took note of this and explained what was going to happen now.

I'm going to expand this thing again another inch, push it in to the hilt and place the dial to make this little finger rotate and wave over your prostate which should give you a sensation like you've never had before. I'll release the ring just as I start to give you the most unbelievable blow job in the world.

"Joe baby, I'm going to make all this happen at once so hang on!"

Lisa true to her word started everything in motion as a new feeling started in the back of my dick as the warmth of her mouth and moving tongue were doing their magic. Up and down on my shaft as she increased her suction while stopping to swirl her tongue on my head. The little finger on my gland and her had gently squeezing my overly swollen balls were making me sweat and heave in anticipation of what was to happen next.

The wave started somewhere on the bottom of my feet and continued up to my balls and Lisa could feel the same thing with her hand as she slid her mouth down my shaft as the first load erupted. I don't know how she managed to swallow the first stream because it felt like a pint had just flowed out. Lisa was doing her best when the second load hit the back of her throat and all I could hear do was gulp it down. 

The unexpected happened as she was just taking her mouth off and I screamed when load three was coming. Like a good woman she went down to retrieve it all. She pulled off smiled at me milked me down and licked it clean then came up to my face for a kiss. She still had a lot in her mouth and wanted me to taste myself. Being the obliged husband I helped her out and found that it wasn't all that bad





Lisa went back down to my dick and milked it clean leaving my cum on her fingers for me to lick clean which I did for her. She told me to relax and removed the dildo from my ass.

I cleaned up and we slept the rest of the day.

I awoke to a very warm sensation as Lisa was giving me a blow job. That mouth and tongue were doing their thing again and in no time I had flipped her around to get access to her pussy lips. She always tastes great!Her tongue was working up and down my shaft as she paused to stick her tip in my pee hole and then swirl around my head before going deep again. I had her lips apart and was licking and lapping at her clit while inserting a finger to find that favorite area. We both came at the same time with a powerful orgasm that shook the bed.

I made it up to her face to kiss her as she had some cum for me and she started to lick her juices off my face like a kitten.

I was curious as to the nature of what had happened during the day with the clothes, toys, and new found sexual attitude. She told me that her aunt had been discussing sex with her all day and that is what prompted all this.

Lisa said something next that took me back somewhat but after what had happened what could be left.

"Joe, would you mind if I shaved all the hair off your body so you could be smooth?"

I asked if she was going to do the same, she nodded yes.

I wondered where this is going.