 A friend of mine was having a Super Bowl party in the clubhouse of her condo complex. I knew about half the crowd but the game makes everybody friends. 

I found myself engaged in conversation with a rather prodigious woman. Melody was wearing a western red plaid shirt, jeans and a huge bucket cowboy hat just like Hoss wore on Bonanza. The hat along with her cowboy boots, made Melody look about seven inches taller than her 6-5 height but gave balance to her 360 pound body. I'm not going to lie and say that Melody was a stunning beauty but I mean this is one massive woman, and that's coming from a guy 6-1 tall and 245 pounds.

Before we found each other I had noticed Melody in conversation with these two very hot women. Sandy is an attractive woman 5-8 tall with wavy black hair, which you might not notice if you got caught up watching her big full round firm ass which would be a distraction from the lush round firm DD jugs she's got. Damn she's awesome. 

Not to be ignored is Rikki who is barely 5-2 with a tight hot little cheerleader body and a 34D rack that looks all the more huge on her slender frame.

Our conversation started with her hat, progressed to the game, the commercials and along the way flirting was part of the mix. In the past I've been accused of being slow to pick on a woman's signals, like I'm the only guy who can't read women, but even I could tell that Melody was looking to make a connection and despite being in the junior weight class it was the big game so why not go all in. 

I made my move saying, "If it's not too forward of me perhaps we could find some place to have a more private discussion about whatever comes up."

Melody looked down at me and said, "I think I know what I'd like to have come up."

The party room was just down the hall from the swimming pool and I remembered there was a changing room just inside the entrance. So I took Melody by the hand and said, "Come with me my dear we don't need to waste any time."

And I led the big brunette out of the ballroom and down the hall. We entered the changing room and went to the handicapped accessible booth since it was larger than average. Melody began removing her hat and I said, "Oh no the hat adds to the ambience." I put my arms around her big body and as Melody tilted her head down towards mine we kissed. Instantly the mouth wide open tongue dancing serious kiss.

Melody held my head in her hands as I hugged her tight around the waist with one hand and grabbed a handful of her big ass with the other. And damn that is a whole lot of ass to hold and surprisingly solid for its size. 

As we continued to heatedly kiss I got my right hand between us and unfastened Melody's jeans and unzipped them. Melody helped the effort leaning slightly away from me to give me room to maneuver my hand which I slipped past her panties to get to her pussy. Having found my place I got started with one then two fingers in her slit.

So the action was going on all fronts, I was fingering Melody's pussy with one hand and squeezing her big ass with the other as she ground her fat tits against my chest, she held my head to hers with one hand as we tongue kissed and grabbed my ass with the other. All bases were covered.

When my handiwork started to pay dividends Melody was getting off and a little weak in the knees I leaned forward pushing Melody against the wall with my chest to hold her up. Then as I kept up my efforts she raised up on her tip toes which with her height advantage caused our lips to part as I couldn't keep my balance and move up to maintain lip contact. 

But it worked out as she said, "OK big boy you got that job done, and well so now it's time to give me a chance."

With that Melody opened my belt and unzipping my pants let them fall to my feet then she reached in my boxers to take my semi stiff dick in her hands. Melody smiled and said, "Damn I have found myself a handful of wood, you really are a big boy."

Squatting down I helped Melody get her boots off then helped her step out of her jeans. Stepping out of her jeans Melody guided me to stand then squatted in front of me and smiled then kissed the head of my responding cock. Her huge hat started to get dislodged from her head as she moved towards me so I grabbed it to do my part. Melody nodded her approval as I put her hat on and she took the head of my dick in her mouth. 

Hugging me around the thighs Melody showed her talent for giving head, quickly sliding six inches of my now stiff cock between her lips sucking on it good and tight. I stroked the top of Melody's head as it bobbed back and forth in front of me to show both my appreciation and in tribute to her cock sucking abilities. 

After an extended period of pleasure Melody ever so slowly pulled back and letting my dick escape her overheated mouth, looked up at me while holding my balls in one hand said, "Ethan just to show you how impressed I am with your big dick and to show off some I'm going to do you the honor of swallowing the whole thing."

Now it was my turn to smile as I ran my hand over Melody's hair and said, "Please be my guest." Knowing that it was a feat to deep throat my 9.5 inch cock and seeing Melody had the utmost confidence he could do it. And damn if she didn't work for less than a minute and true to her word her lips met my body as she actually hummed to announce her success. 

With more than showing off on her mind melody slowly slid back until the head of my cock slipped from between her lips and as our eyes met I nodded to acknowledge her accomplishment. 

Melody kissed the head of my dick then stood up holding it in her hand saying, "It's game time big boy, are you ready to give me this lumber?"

I placed Melody's cowboy hat back on her head, gave her a quick kiss and replied "You want it so let's get to it cowgirl." Sizing up the situation with Melody's legs being so long we needed to make a slight adjustment. "Let's have you spread those long legs some so we're a little better matched up."

That done I took my dick in my hand and slipped the head into Melody's wet snatch and we got going. She had her hands on my shoulders and as I pushed by dick halfway into her pussy she said, "Oh that's what I'm talking about feed me that wood, I'm liking it, I need it and I want it all."

Well that feeling was mutual so I began easing back and pushing a little deeper each time and damn it felt good. I had my hands on Melody's wide hips partly for balance and partly so she would keep her feet apart so she stayed low enough for me to keep my cock in her.

Finally I pushed all 9.5 inches into Melody's wet pussy and feeling my belly against hers she said, "Oh that's it Ethan getting stuffed with all that cock is such a pleasure, you're a good big man. Now really pound my pussy, I can take it, show me you know how a big woman wants it."

"With pleasure Melody" I replied. And I drew back and began slamming my cock into Melody repeatedly which in turn had her big butt smacking against the tiled wall. I have fucked some fat girls hard in my time, though not the size of Melody and certainly not with a body as powerful as hers but damn this was awesome. 

I actually thought I was giving it Melody as hard as she could want it but when she reached down to grab my ass and pull me into her that little bit extra it dawned on me just how much woman I had on my hands. So I took a deep breath and gave Melody everything I had and man that's how she wanted it.

When I felt like I was ready to cum I slowed my pace some and Melody said, "If you're ready to shoot there big boy give me a nod."

I took enough of a breath to reply, "Yeah."

Melody smiled and said, "Then just hold on a second there cowboy, I want to savor what you've got."

She then took off her hat and put it on my head, gently pushed me back so my cock slipped from her pussy then squatted down in front of me again. Melody took the head of my dick in her mouth, the shaft in one hand, massaged my balls with the other and I shot my load. Melody actually hummed as she milked every ounce of cum I could muster. I put my hands on her broad shoulders for balance as it was my knees getting weak and admired her ability to down every drop.

As I collected myself Melody slowly stood and said, "You passed the test, now what do you say to gathering up my friends and get to my place. They are going to love jumping on you and taking turns on that big dick."

I smiled and transferring Melody's hat back to her head replied, "That's sounds like a splendid plan my dear."

With that Melody bent her legs a bit, reached her arms around under my ass and lifted me off the fucking floor, "Oh yeah cowboy we'll all have big rodeo."

Melody set me down and I was almost tempted to return the favor and lift her up but I decided not to take any chances before the four of us had our rodeo. There would be time enough later to try and show off. So Melody and I proceeded to the conference room to get Sandy and Rikki.

Part two to follow