 It was a cold Montana morning. I was out with my cousin, Frank. We were out in the middle of nowhere, but there was something different about this nowhere... this was elk country. 

I had gotten some leave from the Navy (I'm an Intelligence Specialist 3rd Class, stationed in San Diego, CA), and came elk hunting with him. I had just gotten a new rifle, too. A Benelli R1 semi-automatic in .300 Winchester Magnum caliber, equipped with a 4.5-14x40 Zeiss Scope. Sighted in at 300 yards, and ready to go. 

We had started early that day. At 4:30 to be exact. Frank and I walked to our blinds, and turned on our walkie-talkies. I had just gotten comfortable, and ready for a day of looking for a big ass bull, when my cell phone started vibrating. 

"God damn it," I thought to myself, "I didn't even think I got service out here in the weeds."

I looked to see who it was, and my girlfriend's name was on the display. My mood instantly did a 180. 

"Hey, honey," I said into the receiver.

"Hi, Jonny, how's the hunting going?"

"Great, babe. Why're you calling me so early? I figured you'd still be asleep," and after the night we had last night, it'd be well deserved sleep. 

"Well I felt you get up this morning, and I knew I wouldn't be able to go back to sleep..."

"Well, it's what, 6? Go over to my Gran's house, I know they're awake, plus it's a weekend, they don't have to work. I'm sure they'd be thrilled to spend the day with you," I thought maybe that was a bit optimistic, my Gran could be a sour puss, "Plus they'll like you, so go for it."

"Okay, baby, what's the address?" I told her. "Okay, call me when you're coming back in for the night, okay?"

"You got it, honey. Have a good day. Love you."

"Love you, too, Jonny. I'll talk to you later."

"Bye, babe."

"Bye"

My girlfriend Lindsay had come with me on this little excursion, and I'm glad she did. I came in the night before from hunting and I was cold and sore as a son-of-a-bitch. I filled the bathtub in our hotel room with hot water, and got in, and I felt twenty times better as soon as I did. I sat in the tub for about twenty minutes, and the water was starting to cool off, so I washed and as soon as I got out, Lindsay knocked on the door.

"Jon, your phone just rang, it's Frank," she said through the door.

"Tell him I'll call him back in ten minutes," I replied.

"Okay." I heard her talking into my phone, and then shut it.

I came out of the bathroom in just a pair of boxers, and found Lindsay laying on our bed in nothing but a pair of white lace panties and a matching strapless bra. Let me tell ya, that's a sight that I could never get tired of.

I called my cousin back after I put on a wife beater. He wanted to know when I wanted to head out the next morning. I told him as early as possible. Since we hadn't seen anything but cow elk that day, and I wanted a bull more than anything, I was rip-roarin-ready to get back out there and put my rifle to use. I didn't pay $1,300 for the thing just to have it sit around and collect dust. We confirmed a time, and hung up. It was gonna be another early day.

Before we go any further, I should probably describe myself and Lindsay for you readers. I'm 5'11" tall, and I weigh 175lbs, with short brown hair, and grey eyes. I have two tattoos, on of my family crest on my left shoulder, and a Navy one on my right shoulder. Lindsay is 5'6" and weighs about 125lbs, with dyed light red hair (naturally blond), ice blue eyes, 34C, a 24 inch waist, and 34 inch hips. She also has three tattoos. One on her lower back, one on her ankle, and one between her shoulder blades. We both have fairly light skin, and we're both smokers. She's originally from Greenville, South Carolina, and I'm from Kansas City, Missouri. I met her at a car show (we were both checking out the same Chevy truck), and the rest is history. We'd been together for a little shy of a year. She's my Southern Belle that I'd been looking for since I found out that they existed. 

Anyway, after I got off the phone with my cousin, I laid down on the bed next to her. It was fairly early, and neither of us had eaten dinner. I was way too wiped out to go get anything, so we called for pizza. 

It took about 20 minutes for the delivery guy to arrive, I paid and gave him a pretty good tip, or so I hoped. I've never worked in food service. We ate and watched some comedian making a dumbass of himself on stage, which besides being really stupid and mindless, was pretty damned hilarious. After we ate, I got two beers out of the cooler, and handed her one. We both like different stuff. Miller Lite for me, and Bud Light for her. We sat there on the bed and drank our brewskys and watched the moron on the screen.

After awhile, after I had finished my beer, I looked over to my left at Lindsay in her lacy lingerie, and I started thinking.

I reached over and put my right hand on her left cheek and pulled he towards me. I kissed her real gently at first. Just a real soft kiss. Then I went back in and kissed her a little bit harder, and as I progressed, I started to rub on her smoothly shaved thigh. She must have shaved while I was out in the weeds today, I thought to myself. She had been a little bit prickly the night before. 

The first open-mouthed kiss sent a little electric wave through me. It was still like the first time, every time. We started to make love with our mouths, and I could still taste the alcohol on her breath, but that was okay, I still found her to be extremely beautiful. 

I took my right hand from her cheek and put it on her left thigh and pulled her onto me. She straddled my legs and continued to kiss me with a passion that would put even the most devoted activists to shame.

I broke the lip lock she had on me, and started to kiss along her jaw line, and down on the side of her neck, and back up again until I was kissing her earlobe. I felt her shudder on top of me, and I started to gently lick her ear. She was about near madness. That's what I was going for. 

I had discovered that that spot was the same on every girl I'd ever been with. From when I was 17, and with a girl named Traci, to right before I had left for the Navy, when I was 18, and lost my virginity to a girl named Jennifer. Now a year and a half into my Naval service tour of six years, I was 19, and I was letting that experience pay off. 

She pulled her ear away from my mouth and kissed me furiously, and she took my hands and placed them on either side of her waist. I think that was meant for support, because right after my hands had rested there for a couple of seconds and I had a good grip, she reached behind her and removed her lacy white bra, letting her luscious 34C tits free. I could feel myself getting hard just from seeing them. Even though I'd had access to them for the better part of ten months, I still got turned on just from the thought of them. 

She took my hands from her waist and placed them on top of her magnificent orbs. I could feel her nipples poking into the palms of my hands, and I started to gently massage her breasts, and she leaned forward to kiss me again. She reached down under me and pulled me over on top of her, never breaking her contact with my lips. 

By this time, I was throbbing hard, and my penis was straining against the fabric of my boxers. I continued to kiss her, and gradually made my way down her neck with small kisses and licks, all the way down to her left nipple. I started to flick my tongue out like a snake, teasing her at first. A small breath escaped her, and I stuck my whole mouth down on top of her breast. I sucked as much of it into my mouth as I could, and let it go, then I started to suck on the nipple itself. I did that for awhile, and then moved to her right breast and did the same thing. As I was teasing her nipples with my tongue, I had started to let my hand creep down to the hem of her lace panties. I played with it for a second before moving my hand down to between her legs and stroking her snatch through the fabric of her lingerie. 

I continued to suck on her nipples and stroke her pussy, and she started giving little audible moans.

"Jonny, come here," She said.

I obliged. She tugged on my wife beater, and pulled it off. My physique had improved five-fold since I'd left for the Navy. I was running three times a week, and doing quite a few hours at the gym. I was going for just the look of being in shape, but I think I may have overdone it a bit. I had a pretty nice six pack, but I had no pecs, oh well, it was good enough for her. 

After my shirt came off, she told me to lay on my back. I did, and my dick went up into the air like a flagpole, just with no ensign to hang from it; unless you count a rubber as a flag. She started to reach her fingers under the hem of my boxers and I lifted my hips so she could pull them off. When they were off, or almost there, I kicked them onto the floor. As soon as I laid back flat, Lindsay took my six and a half inches of hardness and started to stroke it.

"Oh, yeah," I half-moaned as she started to stroke faster.

"Like that, Jonny? I got something that'll make it better..." she said.

"Oh, yeah? Well lay it on me, babe," I said with a grin.

She giggled and walked across the hotel room to her duffel bag. She rummaged around in it for a second and came back to the bed holding a bottle of massage oil. She squirted some on her hand and looked up at me with a 'boy-you're-gonna-enjoy-this' look.  

She wrapped her hand around me again, and started to stroke with almost frictionless ease. I just about blew my load after a few strokes.

"Oh, damn, babe, you weren't lyin'," I said in a euphoric tone of voice.

She continued to stroke, slowly now, and I pulled her so that she was on her knees perpendicular to my body. I reached under the hem of her panties to start stroking her little cooter. I got a surprise.

"Wow, baby, when did you do this?" I asked. 

"While you were out today. I figured you'd like it," she looked at me with a devilish little grin while she stroked my cock, "You do like it, don't you?" she started stroking me extremely fast.

My head had been off of the pillow, but when she did that, it hit the pillow again.

"Tell me if you like it, Jonny," She said as she furiously stroked my penis.

"Oh, God damned right I do!" and with that, I sat up and grabbed her by the waist, and made her trade me spots. 

As I was in the middle of remembering the night before, a noise brought me back to Earth. I looked around for the source, and rested my rifle on the edge of the blind. Right as I did, a cow elk, and a calf walked out into the field in front of me, about 200 yards away. I flicked the safety of the powerful firearm off, and was just about to look through the scope, to see if there was a bull around, when they started to run. I think the noise of the safety scared them off. I silently cursed, and lowered my rifle to my lap, and put the safety back on. I went back to remembering the night before.

After she had traded me spots, I pulled her lacy white panties off, and saw her shaved pussy for the first time. She had never shaved for me before. She'd always leave a full bush on top, but shave the underside, because I'd bitched that the hairs got caught in my teeth. But this time, there would be no little hairs anywhere. 

I started by running a finger up and down her slit. It was already soaking wet. I stuck my index finger into her, and started to gently go in and out, and I got a good reaction. She started to moan audibly again. I could see her clit peeking out, and I leaned in and started to tease her clit with my tongue. As I did this, I increased the number of fingers in her to two. She shuddered and moaned loudly as I continued my finger and tongue-led assault on her pussy. I started moving my fingers faster in and out of her, and sucking on her clit, and soon she was writhing under me, letting out little 'uh's every time she breathed. Her stomach and chest started heaving, and I could tell she was close to her breaking point. I stepped up my efforts. I furiously licked at her clit, and moved my fingers in and out at what felt like the speed of sound. 

"Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah.... Don't stop, Jonny, don't stop.... I'm so close..." she breathed between ragged breaths.

My radio beeped, Frank was on the horn.

"Jon?"

"Yeah, Frank?"

"Keep your eyes peeled, there's a big bull coming your way. I didn't have a shot on him, so just a heads up," my cousin told me from a mile and a half away.

"Thanks, Frank, I'll be on the look out. Out."

As Lindsay reached the point of no return, she grabbed a pillow and put it over her face to stifle her loud scream. Her juices flowed out onto my fingers and into my mouth. I felt her muscles tighten around my fingers, and she relaxed after a moment. And she pulled my face to hers. She kissed me again, and she whispered in my ear, "I'm ready, I want you to fuck me, right now!"

"Yeah? Tell me how much you want it," I said as I positioned my penis at the opening to her pussy. 

"I want it so---Ah!" I cut her off in mid sentence as I rammed my cock into her hot, tight, wet pussy. I pulled back out, and she gave me a 'don't stop' look. So I pushed back in, and gave her two strokes, and pulled back out.

"Dammit, Jon, quit that. I want it so bad, just fuck me already!!!" she damn-near screamed.

So I did as I was told. I started to pump in and out of her slowly at first, and then picked up a bit of momentum. As I did, her breathing picked up and she started getting close again. I had confidence in my abilities, but this was ridiculous. I hadn't been going for more than a couple of minutes, and I wasn't even close. She started bucking her hips to meet my strokes, and I could feel her tighten around me. She came again, with sufficient noise as to wake anyone that may have been sleeping in the adjacent room. I continued to pump her even as she was trembling from her second orgasm of the night. 

She held her hands over my shoulders and pulled me down so I was laying on top of her, and she gave me a tender little kiss. I continued to hammer her tight little hole, and I came out, and she stopped me from going back in.

"Lay on your back, Jonny. I wanna try something new," she said as she rolled me off of her, and climbed on top of me. She grabbed my penis, and as she was straddling me, guided it into herself. This was the first time that we'd done this, and I was loving it. She started to grind her hips into me, and then to move up and down on my shaft. The feeling was like nothing I'd ever experienced before. The last girl that had been on top had been Jennifer, almost two years ago. Since I'd been with Lindsay, we'd never been in this position. 

Lindsay leaned back and steadied herself with her hands, which gave me a clear view of my 6-and-a-half inches of steel going into and out of her. I thought I was going to bust a nut then and there, but I made myself not. I put all of my conscious effort into not coming. I didn't, but she kept riding me like I was a particularly ill-tempered bull and she was a rodeo star. It was getting a little violent the way she was doing it, a couple of times she bent my dick in a way it wasn't supposed to be bent. So I half-way sat up and reached for her arms, and pulled her back so that she was laying on top of me again, still grinding her hips into mine, giving my cock awesome sensations.

I grabbed her by the waist and rolled on top of her, my penis never leaving the confines of her pussy. She was on her back with her legs spread and I was pumping her for all I was worth. Just as I was about to come, I pulled my dick out and started stroking. I shot my load all over her flat stomach, and onto her delicious tits. I collapsed on the bed next to her, and kissed her again.

She looked at me and said, "Jonny, you're all sweaty, you better take a shower, or the elk are gonna smell you tomorrow."

"Yeah, I guess I better," I said in return. I got up and retrieved my boxers from the floor and got a new pair out from my duffel bag. I went into the bathroom, but didn't bother closing the door. After the water in the shower had heated up and I stepped in, I was in the middle of rinsing the soap off of my body when the shower curtain opened, and there stood Lindsay in all of her naked glory. She stepped into the shower, and under the jet of water, and started to wash my special sauce off of her. Seeing her rub all over herself, especially when she was all soaped up, got me hard as a fucking rock again. I came up behind her, and just being playful, poked her in the ass with my hard-on. 

She jumped a little, and turned around. She reached down and grabbed my dick and just held it. And then she pulled me under the water with her, and kissed me. I reached down and started to stroke her pussy, still a little stretched from the beating it had just taken, but she took my hand out, and said, "Uh-uh, it's my turn."

I turned off the water, and we stepped out of the shower and toweled each other off. I was still hard as she led me out to the edge of the bed. I sat down and she got down on her knees in front of me.

There it was. The distinct haunting nails-on-a-chalkboard sound of a bull elk bugling. It sounded really close. But that's because it was really close. There was a big ass bull standing not fifty yards in front of me, broadside. A perfect shot. I eased the safety off this time, not wanting to spook it. I slowly raised the rifle and set it on the edge of the blind. This was the time I damned myself for not bringing a large-caliber pistol with me, so I could just use it, instead of the magnum-chambered rifle. I was looking through the Austrian-made scope with the three pronged crosshairs, and my finger was on the trigger, when all of a sudden I heard a BOOM. I damn near squeezed the trigger in surprise. I looked around to see another hunter with a bolt-action rifle, not thirty yards to my right. He had shot at my elk. And missed. The bull took the fuck off, and I got out of my blind. I went over to the other hunter.

"You ass, that was mine! I had a perfect shot! Hell, if I'd have heard you coming through the woods and not known if it was an elk or you, I could have shot you. Get the hell out of here!!" I was so pissed. 

"Oh, man I'm so sorry, I didn't know. I'll leave, I'll go somewhere else, maybe I'll see that bull again. Sorry." and the other hunter went off without even picking up his bullet casing. I bent down and picked it up. .270 Winchester. A bit small to be hunting elk, but whatever. I put it in my pocket and went back to my blind. I was gonna be lucky if I saw anything now. I set my rifle back down on my lap and put the safety back on. This was getting to be like the girl that's a tease, you think you're gonna get lucky, and then something ruins it. Oh well, I had memories to get back to.

She was on her knees in front of me. My dick was staring her straight in the face. She leaned in and took it into her mouth. I thought the baby oil was good, man this was heaven. I laid back on the bed and she continued to service my hard cock. Licking at the shaft, and taking it so deep that I thought she was going to gag. 

I was so close to coming, and I was going to. I sat back up.

"Oh...baby, that's great...Lindsay?"

"Mmm?" she responded through my penis.

"I want you to stroke your pussy while you do that, and I wanna watch. Get up on this bed now!" I said forcefully.

She let my cock fall free, and got up on the bed with her ass facing toward me. She was on her knees, which gave me a full view of her sexy bald beaver. She reached back with one hand and started to stroke her clit, and every now and then, insert a finger into herself. Watching this was just what I needed. As she neared her breaking point again, I blew a huge load in her mouth, which she promptly swallowed. She continued to finger herself with me watching, and after she came, we both laid together at the top of the bed, stark naked, and that was the way we fell asleep.
