 My buddy Todd was going out of town the week following Memorial Day and asked me to look after the pets at his house. My wife and I are teachers and had the week off as part of the summer break so I agreed to take care of them. He was very appreciative and mentioned that we might want to use the pool, hot tub and sauna while they were gone. My little girl loves to swim so I indicated we'd probably take him up on his offer. 

A couple times early in the week, I took Kayla with me and she swam while I fed the dog and the cat and the bird and the turtles. They had a regular menagerie at that house. When I was done with the animals, I went out to the back yard to sit in the sun and watch Kayla for a bit. At 8 yrs old, she wants me to watch her do all her tricks. When I wasn't watching her play in the pool, I looked around the back yard and thought what a nice secluded place it was. The sides of the back yard were lined with cypress trees just reaching their maturity. The house blocked the view to the road and the back of the property was bordered by the railroad tracks.

Sometime between a "Look at me jump, Dad" and a "How long can I hold my breath? Count for me," I began to plan for a way to get my lovely wife to cum...er, come with me next time.

As luck would have it, Kayla was invited to her cousins' house for an overnight birthday party that Friday. We dropped her off at her Aunt Kelli's about 1:30 in the afternoon. That left my wife and I footloose and fancy-free for a date night...or, whatever. I had already fed the animals at Todd's house earlier in the day when I was out on other errands, but Kari didn't know that. So I mentioned that we ought to go over and take care of the animals. 

"Todd said we could use the pool, hot tub and sauna if we wanted. Why don't you bring your suit, some towels and some lotion. We'll take some drinks, get some sun and have a nice slow afternoon over there."

She thought it sounded like a good idea (though had she known what was going through MY head...). She put on her suit and a cover-up, packed a beach bag with towels and lotions and a book to read. I packed a cooler with ice and some of our favorite drinks. We loaded into the car and off we went. 

Kari had never seen Todd's place and was pleasantly surprised at the in-ground pool and hot tub, but was absolutely fascinated by the sauna. We looked around the place and arranged a couple lounge chairs for sunning, pulled out a couple of floats for later and turned on the heater for the hot tub. Kari then skinned off her cover-up and sat down on the lounge. I loved looking at her. When she pulled the cover-up over her head, I watched as her upstretched arms pulled her breasts tight against her ribcage. She wore a tankini as many moms her age do. It was bright red and had chrome grommets around the middle on the top and bottoms for accents. Not the skimpiest of suits, but I had hopes that she wouldn't be in it very long anyway. 

She pulled her wavy brown hair up into a ponytail and pulled a tube of tanning lotion out of the beach bag. I was really paying attention at this point. She began with her feet and calves, spreading the lotion on her legs and giving them a nice sheen. When she got to her knees, I asked her if I could put it on for her. She enjoys the back rubs and caresses I give her when we cuddle at night, so there was no hesitation in agreeing to allow me to spread the suntan lotion. 

She lay back on the lounger and spread her legs enough for me to sit between them and rested her legs across mine as I squirted the coconut-scented lotion into my hands. There was a slight breeze but the day was quite warm. The sun shone hot in the cloudless sky. I rubbed my hands together and placed them both on Kari's left leg at her knee. I began kneading the lotion into the front of her thigh with both hands. Kari lay there with her sunglasses on and picked up the latest Janet Evanovich novel from her bag. 

I finished applying the lotion up to the edge of her suit on her left leg and began the same process on her right leg. My eyes followed her legs up to her bikini-clad mound and my dick twitched a couple of times at the thought of her shaved pussylips just hidden from view. I was enjoying the feel of the slick lotion on her shaved legs. 

When I got to the top of her thighs, I slid my right hand over to her left thigh and left my left hand in the same place on her right thigh as I faced her. I paused...and Kari looked up from her book. I slowly slid my hands up and just under the legs of her bikini bottoms. I rubbed lotion outward toward her hips and then slowly brought my fingers back along the edge of her bikini bottoms closer and closer to her sex. She gave me a wry smile. My hands continued toward her center until my fingers came in contact with her shaved outer lips. 

I paused again. She looked around and spread her legs a bit more. Taking this as the permission to proceed even further, I stroked along the crease of her sex with the fingers of both hands. Her head went back on the lounger and she breathed deeply. I loved having this effect on her. I continued to tease her pussy and stroked through the little patch of pubic hair just above her crease. 

Using my left hand, I pulled the gusset of her bikini to the left exposing her shaved mound, the deep pink inner lips beginning to make their appearance. I slowly dragged the thumb of my right hand over the hood of her clit, which was beginning to poke lewdly out of her crease. Her breath caught as I teased it. Then I put her suit back in position and unentangled myself from her legs. She smiled at me and said, "I love you, Sweetie."

I put some more of the lotion in my hands and worked up her right arm from her hand to her shoulder. She went back to reading about her favorite bounty hunter. When I finished her right arm, I moved to a standing position behind her. I reached down over the back of the lounger to get her shoulders and neck and spent a little time fondling her ears. 

Her arms were relaxed at her sides but for her left hand holding the book. I reached down again to smooth lotion on my favorite place. The top of her chest just under her collarbone down to the swell of her breasts. This suit was especially nice since it showed that part of her to full advantage. While she continued to read her book, she reached up with her right hand and caught my right wrist. Without changing her focus, she pulled my hands down into the top of her suit to cup her tits, one in each hand. It felt really good to hold her beautiful orbs in my hands, spreading the lotion over them. I felt her nipples harden against my palms. I gently massaged her tits as my cock responded and she lay her head back. She looked up at me, amused that I was enjoying this so much. I leaned over and kissed her then moved to lotion her other arm.

While I was finishing with her left arm, I mentioned, "It's really nice and secluded back here." 

She glanced around, unsuspecting, and agreed, "It really is. It's beautiful."

Having her committed to the seclusion, I pushed on, "Why don't you just go topless? There's nobody but me to see, and you know how I like 'seeing.'"

She looked around a bit and was looking for a way out. I pushed a bit more. "How often do we get opportunities like this? Come on, baby." 

She looked around, trying to find some reason that she couldn't. Seeing none, she set her book down and, grabbing the bottom edge of the tank with both hands, pulled it up and off, over her head, setting her boobs free. Kari has great tits. They're 34D's with aureoles a couple inches in diameter and nipples that get the size of an add-on pencil eraser. Her nipples were starting to point at the sun now. I sat on the edge of her lounge chair just below her left hip and put just a little more lotion in my hands. I proceeded to rub the lotion into her the area vacated by her swimsuit top just below her breasts, taking the opportunity to knead her tits from the bottom and lightly pinch her nipples between my thumbs and forefingers.

I then had no excuse really to keep touching her so I took care of lotioning myself and lay down to catch some sun. After about 20 minutes, Kari was ready to flip over and asked if I'd like to do her back. 

"Would I?"

I started at her neck and shoulders and moved my way down, massaging the lotion into her skin lightly but completely. When I got to the small of her back, I stopped and went down to her feet. She was still engrossed in her book, so when I got down by her feet, I skinned off my trunks quickly and quietly, letting my semi-erect six inches enjoy some freedom.

I began to work up her legs, taking time to massage each calf and to make sure she had sunscreen on the back of her knees (not much worse than a sunburn there). And now I was working on the prize. The back of her thighs were slightly spread and her ass was tight and covered by her thin, red bikini bottoms. I could see the cloth of the bikini trying to wedge itself into her crevices and couldn't think of anything I'd rather do if I was a bikini.

My hands were on the back of her thighs down by her knees and I pushed up her thighs toward her ass. I kneaded her thighs, rubbing the sunscreen in as my hands came closer and closer to her butt cheeks. I was straddling the chair so she had no idea I was naked yet. I was now to the cheeks of her ass and I slipped my fingers up under the legs of the bikini as I had done on the front, but now I used my thumbs in her crack to spread her cheeks apart lewdly. Kari laid the book down and lay her head on the lounge with her eyes closed. I continued my treatment of her ass and she laid there enjoying it. Then, not even asking, I grabbed the top of her bikini bottoms with both hands and started pulling them off over her hips. Instead of a slap or a complaint, Kari just raised her hips off the lounger to facilitate the removal of her bikini bottoms.

Now looking at my wife's naked ass and the cleft between her legs, my cock was completely erect and was leaking. I put a bit more lotion in my hands quickly before the magic of the moment wore off and began to massage her creamy white ass cheeks. When I'd just about finished rubbing the sunscreen into her behind, I squatted down and allowed my swollen manhood to rest between her cheeks. I saw her smile knowingly as she raised her hips up to meet me. I love it when we fuck doggystyle because there is no feeling quite like the cushioning of her ass as her hot, wet pussy envelops my cock. 

I slid my cock in her crack a few times slowly as she moaned contentedly. Emboldened, I moved back enough to drop the head of my cock down between her cheeks and rub it against her now very wet and open cunt. Still massaging her ass and lower back, I eased just the head of my cock into her dripping snatch. I pulled it out and reinserted just the head again. I repeated this about ten times, then got up and sat down on my lounger. She looked over at me, then down at my hard-on pointing at the sky.

"Want me to put some lotion on you?" she asked.

Smiling, I replied, "Sure, sounds gooooood."

She rolled over on her back and sat up. I sat there naked, my cock twitching, as I watched her tits sway. She knelt at the side of my lounger and rubbed the sunscreen efficiently into my legs. Though I'd already done it once, she got no complaint from me. The feel of the sun warming my naked body and her hands kneading my thighs was wonderful. The sun glinted off of the pre-cum leaking from the tip of my erect manhood. My eyes closed in bliss. 

Kari squirted some more lotion into her hand and suddenly I was wide-eyed as she cupped my balls with the slick sunscreen and massaged them lightly. I spread my legs a bit to give her more room to move her hand. She was spreading sunscreen across my lower abdomen with her right hand and massaging my balls with her left. I was enjoying the attention and touch. 

She continued to fondle my balls when her right hand grasped my cock and began sliding up and down the shaft. When she got to the top, she'd flick her thumb over the tiny eye and smooth some of the pre-cum down onto my glans. My hips jumped the first couple times and I was worried that I'd cum right there. She stroked me a few more times then leaned over me and took just the head of my cock into her mouth as she continued to slowly stroke my shaft and rub my balls. My legs involuntarily spread farther apart and my hips and shifted up. 

The tension in my balls was building deliciously. I really didn't want to cum yet but when Kari stuck her slick fingertip in my anus, I erupted like a volcano, spewing my hot, sticky cum up and out of my cock. Kari caught the first shot in her mouth then backed off and aimed my cock at her tits for the next couple, leaving her with a "pearl necklace." I groaned with my release and she sat back on her feet with an expression of accomplishment.

"It's pretty hot out here. I think I'm going for a swim," she said. 

And with that, my sexy wife stood up and swayed over to the steps of the pool and walked down into the water.