 A few weeks had passed since that first amazing encounter with Jessie and unfortunately I had not been able to get back with her physically. There was always something going on, or too many people around, work, her school, whatever it was, I wasn't getting anywhere but Sara (my wife) and Jessie had had a few afternoons free of distraction. I really can't complain because the encounters with the 20-year-old Jessie seemed to invigorate and motivate Sara (33) and I was reaping the rewards in my own marital bed.

I was looking forward to the weekend, the kids were going on a fishing trip with grandpa and I would be able to get some things done around the house that I had been neglecting. Friday afternoon I managed to slip out of work an hour early and was mildly surprised to see Sara's Durango parked in the garage upon arriving at home. Normally I would beat her home after work. I was perplexed when I stepped through the door and heard the unmistakable smack of flesh on flesh coming down the stairs. Quietly I made my way to the master bedroom at the end of the hall. I was instantly aroused and rather amused at finding Sara on her hands and knees at the end of the bed. She was still wearing her skirt and blouse from work but her shoes, stockings, and panties had been carelessly discarded on the floor. Sara has the sports build and although her ass is smaller than Jessie's it is still quite wonderful to behold. Her cheeks were pink from where the younger Jessie, totally naked save a sports bra, had obviously been smacking her ass. 

"You have been such a naughty girl Sara. Leaving work early to come home just so you can lick my little pussy. You have to be punished before you get to taste me again." SMACK! Sara jumped at the impact of hand on ass but only moaned in response and put her head on her folded arms. My cock strained at my khaki slacks while I watched. "Sara! You are making a mess of things. Your juices are slipping down the insides of your thighs!" SMACK! Jessie slid her tiny hand across Sara's glistening slit and then pushed two fingers inside. I had a great vantage point and could see most everything. Sara pushed back on the invading fingers in response and moaned gently. Something changed in Jessie's expression. I am not sure whether to call the look inquisitive or mischievous. At any rate she paused for a moment then brought her fingers out of Sara's pussy and then grinned before forcing both fingers into Sara's ass. 

Before, I told you that Sara had never allowed me to go there and this time, she did as I expected, gasped and tried to pull away. At first, but then to my utter amazement, Sara pushed back hard on the fingers in her ass! "Okay Sara, I think its time." Jessie withdrew her fingers from Sara and the women moved around so that Jessie was on her back and Sara had straddled the younger woman's face. Sara's skirt hung down so that I could not see Jessie administering to my wife but I could see Sara ravenously licking and sucking on Jessie's snatch. Whatever Jessie was doing to her, Sara pulled her head up and pushed her hips down on Jessie's face at about the time I had gotten my clothes off and was slipping quietly into the room with a raging hard-on.

Sara didn't miss a beat. She merely winked and pulled Jessie's lips wide. I was so full of lust at watching the women that I merely lined the head of my cock up at the opening of her box and then pushed slowly, but firmly all the way in to the hilt. After a few slow and deliberate strokes I started using quicker strokes where I pulled out all but the tip and pushed all the way back in until my balls slapped the young woman's ass. In moments Jessie had Sara over the edge and she collapsed to the side. I nearly lost my load at the wicked grin Jessie gave me after Sara had moved enough so that her clothing was not obstructing the view. Sara's juices were all over Jessie's face and I followed her arm all the way up to where she still had her hand buried in Sara's crotch. Sara rolled over on to her back and let her legs fall open and then I could see that two fingers were in her ass and two in her box. 

Jessie began to sit up so I grabbed her up, turned around, sat down on the edge of the bed and lay back so that she was now on top. She began to bounce up and down on my shaft and Sara got up and moved behind us. "Jessie, sit all the way down on him and let me take over." Sara knelt behind us and began licking my balls while she reached around and stroked Jessie's clit. Alternately Sara was sucking one than the other testicle into her mouth. She had always been good with her fingers and soon I could feel Jessie's pussy quiver at the approach of an imminent orgasm. Sara kept up the expert manipulation of clit and the oral massage of testicles until both Jessie and I had erupted and collapsed on the bed.

None of us could come up with a good reason for Jessie to stay much longer, or at least without arousing suspicion, so we reluctantly got dressed and went about the rest of our day. Not more than a couple of hours had passed. I was on the ladder at the side (near Jessie's family) of the house cleaning gutters. Jessie was coming out of the garage yelling at her younger sister (Carrie, 18) who was pulling alongside the family car on a bicycle in the driveway. Too far way to hear what was happening between the sisters I certainly got the gist when Jessie grabbed the shirt Carrie was wearing. Jessie stormed off and in a huff Carrie threw the bike down. The bike bounced off the pavement and into the side of the car. Carrie quickly checked the side of the car and then seeing me grabbed the bike, pushed it into the garage and was gone.

After finishing the gutters I went over to look at the neighbor's car where the bike hit. Being the dirty old man that I am, I quickly devised a plot. Sara heard my plan and said good luck! She liked Carrie, but would often get angry with her because Carrie had that teenage girl, youngest child, snotty persona, and really didn't think my scheme would work. So I called Jessie over to the house on the pretext of needing her to look at the files she left on my computer before I deleted them.

Jessie came over right away. She was still pissed at Carrie when she arrived. "That little bitch is always getting away with everything! She takes my clothes without asking and Mom never says anything! I am going to get her one of these days!" The likelihood of Jessie's consent and now her participation was instantly increased at hearing her say this and I knew that I would have to act quickly if I were to pull it off.

I told Jessie of the scratch Carrie put on the car and I knew their Dad would be pissed if he found out how it happened. So I explained that all I needed Jessie to do was get Carrie over to the house and I would finally get to fuck her. It was decided that the girls would come over for cards in the evening and it would give us plenty of time because their parents were going out that evening. Jessie left the house in a much-improved mood and the wicked little grin was back in place. I straightened the basement and took the things down that I thought I would need. Happy with the results I eagerly awaited the evening.