 As always:

Thanks to "Alpineskier" for editing.

Thanks to "Doc" for consulting.

All characters involved in sexual acts are at least 18 years of age. (So get your mind out of the gutter!) 

Chapter 5: Betrayal

Jessica got out of her Escort and headed for class Monday morning. Jessica suddenly felt like the third wheel. Jason had the idea that when Chelsea didn't have cheerleading practice, they would ride together to school. Jessica offered to take the bus those days so the couple could be alone, but Jason wouldn't have any of that. He didn't want his new relationship to interfere with the brother sister bond they had.

Jason got out of the car and walked over to the passenger side and, as was customary, opened the door for Chelsea. She got out, but this time Jason didn't move to let her by. They were face to face.

"Baby, did you need a Monday morning kiss?" Chelsea leaned in and pressed her lips to his.

"Well, yeah, that too, but I want to ask you something." Jason gazed deeply into her eyes.

"You can ask me anything, but do it quickly or I'm going to push you back and christen this car."

Jason didn't flinch at the comment, having been used to her bluntness." Chelsea Pollack, will you attend the prom with me?"

Chelsea answered him with a lover's kiss. "I was hoping you would ask me. Since it is in only three weeks and we just started going out, I wasn't sure you'd want to. I would've been happy just hanging out, but, oh Baby, thank you!"

After the exuberant display Chelsea exhibited, Jason knew he made the right choice. He wasn't all that particular about attending the prom, but having Chelsea on his arm would make the evening tolerable.

* * * * *

Chelsea arrived in the cafeteria and almost ran to Jason's table. 

"Hey Beautiful, I got your pizza already." Jason stood, kissed her, and then pulled out her chair.

"Thanks Baby. After the weekend we had, spending the last three hours apart was excruciating." Chelsea sat down and took a drink of milk. "Hey Adam, hey Nick."

Adam got his dice out. "Are you playing with us again Chelsea?"

"I suppose." Chelsea, though not interested, played the fake person game, as she called it, everyday at lunch. She really just went through the motions. She did it because she knew she monopolized Jason's time outside of school and didn't want to drive a wedge between him and his friends, but she also didn't want to leave Jason's side the only half hour she had with him at school. The boys knew she didn't care; they were just happy one of the hottest girls in school was role-playing with them. Jason created her an easy character to play. All she had to do is say "attack" and roll the dice.

Nick's character began the assault on the foe at hand and rolled the dice. "Yes, I hit him. You're up Chelsea. Can you attack his flank?"

"Sure." Chelsea said half heartedly. Then a grin appeared. "On second thought, no."

The boys all looked questioningly at her before Adam spoke. "What would you like to do then?"

"My fake person is going to walk over to my man's guy, kneel down, and give him a blowjob." That should make his spells harder to cast, right? What do I have to roll for that?" Chelsea then looked up and saw Tiffany enter the cafeteria. "Excuse me boys, I have to take care of something."

Jason saw the direction Chelsea was headed and who was in her sights. "Excuse me as, well, this could get ugly." Jason was only three steps behind when Chelsea reached Tiffany.

"You Bitch! What if you killed me? You don't know what those pills are for." Chelsea scowled.

"You're still here. So don't get all upset with me, Whore." Tiffany stepped closer so she and Chelsea were now nose to nose.

"You don't even deny it. I thought we were friends?" Chelsea bumped into her.

"Friends don't throw away their friendship for some dork." Tiffany bumped her back.

"Do you have any idea what you put her through?" Jason got in between the two females and faced Tiffany. "She had a seizure and we were at the hospital all night Friday, thanks to you."

"Aw, did the poor cunt have the shakes? Serves her right for abandoning her friends." Tiffany snarled back.

"You Bitch!" Chelsea took a swing at Tiffany.

Jason caught her arm and glared into her eyes. "Beautiful, she's not worth it."

"But Baby, my mom almost broke us up because of her. I can't lose you. Not again. And you want me to just let it go?"

"Yes." Jason put his hands to her face and kissed Chelsea lightly. "Trust me, you are not going to get anywhere talking to her and if you punch her, Vice Principal Carpenter will suspend you and your mom will punish you. What if you were grounded for the week? What if she said we couldn't see each other for that week? Remember Friday night? What would be worse, not hitting her or not seeing me for the week?"

"Is there a problem here?" Vice Principal Carpenter came over to address the growing conflict.

"No problem Sir. Chelsea and I were just heading back to our table." Jason put his hands on Chelsea's shoulders and guided her away.

"You're right Baby. I would rather let it go than be separated from you."

Tiffany went to her normal table where Candice and Allison were waiting.

"Girls, I've got great news. She'll be off the team tomorrow and I've got an idea that will crush that slut's spirit for good." Tiffany looked up at Chelsea and the three boys surrounding her. "This is going to be so much fun."

Tuesday after school, Chelsea arrived at cheerleader practice. She started doing some basic calisthenics when Coach Paula Masterson came up to her.

"Chelsea, I have some unfortunate news. I have to let you go." Paula put her hand on the young girl's shoulder.

"What? What do you mean?" Chelsea asked, fearing the worst.

"I mean I cannot let you be a cheerleader anymore." Paula shook her head. "It was an honor to coach you and I'm sorry."

"But why? We only have one more tournament left?" Chelsea began to well up.

"It's come to my attention that you suffer from seizures and if you had an episode and got hurt while performing, the school would be liable." Paula looked the young girl in the eye. "I really am sorry Chelsea, but I need you to go get changed and return the cheerleader outfit."

Chelsea slowly headed back to the girl's locker room, crying and feeling dejected. Watching the scene, Tiffany pointed and laughed loud enough for Chelsea to hear her.

"What are you ladies standing around for? Back to work!" Paula shouted through her megaphone.

Chelsea arrived at Jason's house still devastated over what happened. Tiffany used her illness to get her kicked off the team. Jason immediately went to work trying to heal her heartache. He took her out to eat and steered all conversation away from Tiffany and cheerleading and towards something he knew would excite her, the prom.

Chelsea realized she didn't need cheerleading as long as she had Jason. It still hurt, but she was truly happy with him. Besides, the prom was coming and she was ecstatic at the thought of Jason in a tux, slow dancing with her. She could hardly wait.

* * * * *

The next three weeks went by fairly quickly with all the preparations for Jason and Chelsea to head to the prom together. Chelsea bought a sparkling blue gown with spaghetti straps and Jason rented a black tux with matching blue cummerbund. They rented a limousine and reserved a hotel room for afterward. Everything was set for the couple's magical evening. The night before the event, Jason and Chelsea had just finished eating at the Pollack house with Janet.

"I told you Jason." Janet set down several dirty dishes. "I'll clean up. You're our guest."

"You cooked Ms. Pollack, it's only fair that I handle cleanup." Jason began filling the sink with warm water and dish detergent.

"You see this Chelsea? You can learn from this." Janet went to the stove to pack up the leftovers. "Thank you Jason."

"That's why I have Jason now, Mom, so he can do all my chores."

"Chelsea." Janet drew out her name to let her know she was a little agitated at her last comment.

"Alright, alright' I'll help." Chelsea grabbed a dish towel and was heading over to stand next to Jason to start the art of drying dishes when Jason's phone rang. " Oh I'll get that for you." Chelsea dropped the towel on the counter and ran back to the table. "Hello."

"Oh, hi Chelsea, is Jason there?" Nick was full of giddiness.

"Hang on." Chelsea walked the phone over to Jason as he dried his hands with a towel. "It's Nick and seems pretty worked up over something."

"Hey Nick. What's up?"

"I've got a date to the prom!" Nick's excitement was at an all-time high.

"That's awesome buddy." Jason put his hand over the phone and whispered the news to Chelsea. "So who's the lucky lady?"

"Candice Montgomery."

"Candice Montgomery?" Jason was shocked. "When did this happen?"

Chelsea mouthed the word, "Really?" Jason nodded.

"She asked me after school today. I just got back from getting my tux." Nick was overwhelmed with joy at having a date. "Do you want to hang out a little before the prom? Say 1 PM? I know Chelsea has her hair appointment and Candice said she was getting her nails done. Then when they get back from their girl stuff, I figure we could head to the dance together. What do you say?"

"Why did she ask you?"

"What do you mean? Maybe she likes me. You have Chelsea Pollack on your arm. What, are you the only guy allowed to go out with a hot girl?" Nick was getting upset.

"You're right Nick. I apologize. I didn't mean to rain down on your parade. Yeah, I'd love to hang out with you for a couple of hours."

"Sorry I got upset at your question, I'm just really pumped up right now."

"As you should be, I'll see you tomorrow."

"Bye." Nick hit the end button on his phone.

"Beautiful, what do you think of Candice? I've got a funny feeling about this." Jason was going over possible scenarios, none of them good.

"Candice is a Tiffany drone. Tiffany says, Candice does. It doesn't make sense she would ask him the day before prom."

Jason leaned in and kissed Chelsea. "Well, I guess we'll have to give her the benefit of the doubt. Let's not worry about it too much, because come tomorrow, I will be dancing with my lady." Jason began dancing.

Chelsea just shook her head. "It's official, you can't dance. In fact, you look like me having a seizure."

* * * * *

It was a sunny Saturday afternoon when Candice arrived at Nick's house at 12:30.

"Candice? What are you doing here? I thought you were out getting your nails done?" Nick was surprised to see the brunette beauty.

"I brought everything for the pre-prom party, silly." Candice said that as if Nick should've known.

"Not much of a party with three people." Nick ran his hand through his hair.

"Four people. I've invited my friend Ally over as well." Candice kissed Nick and started stroking his bulge through his pants. "Unless you think I should leave?" She added in a very sultry tone.

"No, no, it's fine. By all means, stay." Nick's voice was ragged.

"Oh goodie, because I'm not sure I want to wait till after prom for this." Candice pushed Nick to the couch and straddled him. "I really like you Nick." Candice kissed Nick and forced her tongue in his mouth. She began grinding on top of him. "How does that feel?"

"It feels good." Nick moaned.

"It does, doesn't it? Here, let me help you with these. "Candice moved both of Nick's hands to her breasts. "I really like you Nick. Do you like me?"

"Absolutely." Nick's erection was begging to be released from his pants.

"Really? You do?" Candice asked innocently. "Because I really want you inside me." She added seductively. "Do you want to be inside me Nick?"

"Yes. Yes I do." Nick breathed out.

"Good, because I really want you inside me. But would you still respect me afterward?"

"Of course, like I said, I like you." Nick managed to mumble. "Oh God, this feels great."

Candice flashed a wicked smile. "I'm not sure. I think the only reason you accepted me as a date was because you think I'm easy. I only really do it if it's the right guy. And I know you could be the right guy Nick." Candice slowed her grinding to a virtual stop. "How will I know if you truly like me? If only if there was something you could do for me to prove it?"

"Anything Candice. Anything for you. What can I do for you?" Nick asked greedily.

"Well there is one thing you could do, but I don't think you'll do it. But it's something I really, really want Nick." Candice was slowly increasing the pressure on Nick's crotch.

"What is it? Whatever it is, I'll do it." There was desperation in Nick's voice.

"I don't know." Candice sighed.

"Please Candice, give me a chance." Nick's tone was full of need.

Candice groud as fast as she could. "Nick, if you do this, my body is yours."

"Oh dear God, please tell me so I can do it." Nick's eyes filled with hunger.

"I want you to get Jason to take this." Candice reached in her pocket and pulled out a little plastic bag with some pills in it.

"What is it?"

"See, I knew you didn't like me." Candice went to get up.

Nick grabbed her hips. "No, no. I'll do it."

* * * * *

Jason arrived promptly at 1 PM at Nick's house. He grabbed his tux from the backseat and made his way to the front door. The door opened before he even knocked.

"Jason, glad you're here Buddy." Nick appeared anxious.

"Yeah, glad to be here. You alright?" Jason noticed his friend's uneasiness.

"I'm fine, but I'm having trouble with my bowtie. Think you could help?"

"I've never tied one, but let's Google it to see what we can do." Jason was relieved it was something minor.

"I'll get us some drinks. Go ahead to my room." Nick went into the kitchen as Jason headed upstairs.

"Candice, I don't think I can do this."

"Oh, Nick." Candice petted his manhood again. "This is something I really want." She kissed him deeply and rubbing her body against his. "Please, for us."

"Okay."

"Here, I already made the drinks. This one is yours and this one is his. Don't mix them up." Candice gave him another kiss. "As soon as he drinks it, come down and I'll be waiting." She finished by taking his hand and putting it on her pelvic area. "See how wet you make me?"

Nick grabbed the drinks and disappeared to his bedroom. Candice opened the front door and Allison and Tiffany walked in.

"Is he doing it?" Tiffany inquired as she sat on the couch.

"The geek will do anything as long as he thinks he's going to get a piece of this." Candice moved both her hands along the side of her body.

"Well if that's the case, you may have to give him a little something so we can keep using him as our pawn." Tiffany said with a laugh.

"I'll do whatever is necessary. It could be fun." Candice sat down across from Tiffany in the reclining chair.

"Well, I, for one, am ready to get my dork on." Allison put on a red wig. "Any of my blonde showing?"

"You look good." Tiffany said with a nod.

* * * * *

Jason grabbed the glass from Nick. "Thanks for the cola. I'm parched." Jason gulped half the glass down. "I found a website that demonstrates how to tie a bowtie. Hand that tie over here and we'll see if we can get this on you." Jason took another drink.

Nick tossed the tie to Jason. "Thanks for helping, man. I feel totally lost on this. It's just so last minute, you know?"

"Yeah, I get it. I felt rushed getting everything together in three weeks time." Jason finished his drink. "I can't imagine getting ready in one day. Alright, I think I got it. There, look in the mirror and tell me what you think."

"Awesome." Nick ran a comb through his hair. "I'm going to look good tonight."

"My turn to get ready. Do you mind if I take a quick shower?" 

"Go ahead." 

Jason came back within ten minutes and grabbed his tux. He first put on his boxers and black socks. He then slipped on his black slacks. As he was buttoning up his white, long sleeved shirt, he started feeling dizzy. "I need to sit down for a moment." Jason made his way to the bed.

"You alright Jason?" Nick didn't know what to expect from Candice's concoction, but he now was worried he may have made a mistake.

Jason's words were ragged. "I must be overexcited. I feel dizzy and my eyes are blurry." Jason blinked his eyes.

"Uh, I'll be right back." Nick went back downstairs. "Alright Candice, it's done. Oh, hi Allison, and what is Tiffany doing here?"

Candice used a hip swaying walk as she went towards Nick. "She came with Ally. I want to thank you for proving what a great man you are." Candice glanced back at Tiffany.

Tiffany thought for a moment, then quickly stuck her tongue in her cheek twice and smiled.

Candice turned back to Nick. "Here Nick, sit down. Time for our fun." As Nick sat, Candice wasted no time in removing Nick's pants and underwear. "Whoa. You're huge." Candice whispered as she knelt between his legs.

Nick was taken by surprise. "But Candice, Allison and Tiffany are watching."

"Don't worry about us; we'll leave you two alone." Tiffany stood and made her way to the steps. "It's show time Ally."

"You deserve this, big guy." Candice started teasing his shaft with her tongue.

Nick moaned as soon as she made contact and was fully erect in seconds.

"Ooh, such a big boy. What will I ever do with him?" Candice flashed Nick a look of innocence as she tried to take him fully. She got three quarters of the way down and had to pull up. "Holy Shit! That's the first time I haven't been able to do that before." She attacked again, more determined than ever. Bobbing up and down, taking more of him with each downward motion.

Nick was in heaven as Candice was savagely servicing him.

* * * * *

Allison and Tiffany stopped at Nick's bedroom door. "Ally, when you go in there, keep your head down and get on him reverse cowgirl. Keep your back to him and try not to talk. Remember, if you need to speak, whisper and call him Baby. Here's a condom. Chelsea never let anybody touch her without one and I doubt he is any different."

Ally nodded.

"Great, now get in there and do what you do best. I have to call The Bitch." Tiffany pulled out her cell phone.

Jason saw a red headed figure enter the room. "Beautiful, is that you?" Jason was mumbling his words.

In a hushed tone, Ally answered. "It's me, Baby."

"I feel like I'm drunk, but I didn't have anything. I'm having a hard time seeing, talking and I feel light headed."

"Shh. I know what's wrong and I'll make it all better." Ally removed Jason's lower garments and took Jason's entire member in her mouth, bringing him to full attention quickly.

* * * * *

Only half of Chelsea's hair was styled when her phone rang.

"You can get that. I have to get some more mousse. Just keep your head still." The beautician went into the back. 

Under the cape, Chelsea put her phone on speaker. "Hello, I'm at the salon, so be brief."

"Hi Chels, how's it going?" Tiffany said wickedly.

"Tiffany, I have nothing to say to you, bye." Chelsea scorned.

"I just thought you'd like to know what your boy toy is doing right now. Oh well, I guess not."

"Wait, what do you mean?' He's at Nick's." Chelsea said curiously.

The beautician returned and began working on the back of Chelsea's hair.

I'm sorry to say this, but you chose the wrong guy." Tiffany added in a sarcastic tone.

Chelsea threw some money down and flew out the boutique. Half her hair styled up looking like a movie star on the red carpet and the other half lay completely flat. "You better leave him alone Tiffany!" She was in her bug and made a beeline to Nick's house.

"I'm not doing anything." Tiffany innocently responded. "But I'll send you a picture of the memory Ally is making with him." Tiffany hung up.
