 As always:

Thanks to "alpineskier" for editing.
Thanks to "Doc" for story advice.

All characters involved in sexual acts are at least 18 years of age. (So get your mind out of the gutter!)

Chapter 1: A Chance Encounter

A young couple is walking down the halls of the art museum. They are both graduating from State college in a month. He is graduating Suma Cum Laude with a degree in engineering and her with a degree in teaching. They are celebrating their four year anniversary of being boyfriend and girlfriend. He has always enjoyed art and she fell in love with it after he introduced it to her. They are nearing her favorite painting, an impressionist work of a couple on the verge of kissing. The young man reaches into his pocket for a small box. He went down to one knee.

"Will you marry me?"

"Yes!" Her response echoed in the building as she fell upon him with tears of joy flowing down her cheeks.

Four years and one week earlier:

"C'mon Jason, one more good roll and this dragon is defeated."

"Nick, Adam, get prepared to storm the castle because this battle is over." Jason stood, flung his arm forward, and let the die roll.

In unison the three boys cheered, "Yes!" Hi five slaps went around. A midst the celebration, Jason peered through the cafeteria and saw an all too familiar scene, and it wasn't the fact no one was looking in his general direction despite the table's outburst. No. Right outside the cafeteria was Tiffany, Candice, Chelsea, and Allison. All members of the cool clique of the senior class and they were encircling their victim of the day. A position he found himself in far too often.

It apparently was his complete nerd exterior they found revolting. If it wasn't his superhero t-shirts and baggy shorts which he wore religiously or his black unkept hair that was never styled, it was his role-playing or chess prowess that was ammunition for his ridicule.

"Guys, we'll have to finish this quest tomorrow." Jason started walking away.

"Where are you going?" Nick asked.

"We still have ten minutes of lunch." Adam added.

Jason kept going. Normally he would do nothing, not wanting to incur the wrath of those deviants himself. This was different. They were near the sophomore lockers and he had a good idea who it was they were verbally berating. 

Jessica was a slender with flat brown hair. Her body was still transitioning from girl to woman and it still looked a little awkward. 

"Excuse me." Jason made his way through the teens surrounding his sister. It was one thing to make fun of him, at least he was their age, but quite another to go after his younger sister.

"Hey dork, this doesn't concern you." Tiffany, the blonde headed leader of the mob and captain of the cheerleaders harshly responded to my intrusion. "Unless you want it to." She added with a smile.

Jason faced Jessica and lifted her head so their eyes met. "Are you alright?"

She nodded, but couldn't prevent a few tears from cascading down her cheeks.

"Go on to your next class. I'll take care of this." Jason then turned to face the oppressors as Jessica made her way out of the area.

"So, since you can't date someone your own age, you figure you can score with a sophomore, huh nerd?" Tiffany scowled, then added, "Cradle robber."

"Cradle robber! Cradle robber!" The other girls began chanting.

"She's my sister." Jason defended, even though he knew they didn't care.

"Ooh, so you're into incest cradle robbing."

"Hey Tiffany, is this geek bothering you?" Steve, Tiffany's muscle bound jock boyfriend interrupted.

"Oh Steve, glad you're here." Tiffany leaned in and kissed him. "This dweeb here ruined my fun while I was toying with an underclassman."

"Is that so?" 

Steve followed that up by shoving Jason hard into the lockers and he landed on his knees. The group disbanded, laughing. The last was Chelsea, a curly shoulder length red haired beauty.

"Chelsea." Jason muttered.

Chelsea didn't answer, but didn't walk away either.

"I know the real you and this isn't it." Jason stood up. "Are you sure this is who you want to be?" Without waiting for a reply, Jason walked away.

Chelsea was frozen. Her mind stuck on what he said. Who am I and who do I want to be? Then her thoughts drifted to the tall lanky kid. He says he knows me. How? I don't even know his name. The bell interrupted her. She hadn't moved. Hell, she was still standing mid stride like a statue. Why were his words bothering her so much? She shook her head and brushed away a curl of hair from her face and headed toward class.

The next week, Chelsea was her normal cheery and bubbly self, when with her friends. However, when the teachers were lecturing or she was supposed to be working on an assignment, she would constantly hear the lanky kid's words. It was as if a CD was stuck on repeat and it would play over and over again. How does he know? She had to do something. She had to talk to him. Somewhere her classmates don't hang out. That would kill her popularity she worked hard to get in the four years since her family moved to this town.

After school, Chelsea surveyed the groups of teens outside. She spotted her mark talking to a slightly chubby blonde haired boy dressed in similar attire as her target, except his shirt said something about X-men and her aim was for the guy in the shirt that had a sasquatch on it that said Chewbacca. She walked toward the two boys, acting as if she did not see them. She ran straight into him and dropped her purse.

"Watch where you're going?" Chelsea announced. She bent down to pick up the contents that spilt from her purse. "Look at the mess you made."

Jason bent down to help her. "I think you ran into me. I wasn't even moving." He gathered a few of the scattered items: lipstick, a folded piece of paper, a vial of pills, and a pair of sunglasses. "Are you alright?" He asked as he handed her the small pile.

Chelsea grabbed her possessions from Jason's hand, minus the piece of paper. She tried to convey her apologies with her big green eyes, then got up and stormed off toward her yellow Volkswagon beetle.

"Hey, you forgot this!" Jason called out, but Chelsea kept going.

"Wow, that was weird." Adam spoke after a moment. "She totally blamed you for her accidentally running into you."

Jason opened the folded paper. "I'm not sure that was an accident. Here look at this."

"All it says is Shenanigan's at 3:30. It's got to be a set up. Why would Chelsea freaking Pollack, one of the hottest girls in our class, the girl you've been pining over since 8th grade, want you to go all the way across town to a steak place when the best place for a steak is Oscars only 3 miles away?"

"Looks like I'll find out at Shenanigan's at 3:30." Jason finished by lightly punching Adam in the arm. "I got to go if I'm going to drop Jessica off at home before I head to the restaurant. I'll see you tomorrow." Jason headed to his 10 year old white and rusty escort.

"Tomorrow? You better call me tonight!" Adam shouted to his departing friend.

Chelsea arrived with 10 minutes to spare, got a table for two, and ordered a coke. She tried to organize her thoughts and plan what she wanted to say. Those two sentences he said to her were still echoing in her head and seemed to prove that he knew more about her than even her best friend Tiffany did. Who is he, how does he know, and , most of all, can he keep it a secret? She looked at her phone, 3:40. Another question hit her. Will he show up? "I'll give him 10 more minutes."

Jason arrived 15 minutes late. He spotted her easily in the near empty establishment. She was playing a game on her phone when he slid into the booth across from her, causing her to jump a little in her seat.

"I apologize for being late, Chelsea. When I dropped my sister off, my mom gave me the third degree on why I was going to miss dinner."

"Oh, you're here, um... Please forgive me, but what's your name?"

"It's Jason. Jason Akers."

"Sorry." Chelsea blushed.

"No worries. Not many people want to know my name."

Chelsea squirmed uneasily in her seat at that realization. The words that she had rehearsed for a week now seemed to have escaped her.

Noticing her discomfort, Jason started. "Don't fret, I'm the one who needs someone to pinch me to prove I'm not dreaming."

"Why is that?"

"Oh come on, I'm having dinner at a restaurant with Chelsea Pollack."Jason shook his head. "A beautiful and intelligent girl, one of the elite of the school, in my opinion the best of the elite, without words, food, or fists being thrown my way."

"Sorry for my part in any of that." Chelsea took a drink from her beverage. "Why did you call me the best?"

"Because your eyes betray your words." Jason said matter-of-factly. "When Steve, Tiffany, or anybody else taunts, there appears to be a fire, a passion of hatred in their eyes and they seem to foam at the mouth when they seethe their venom. You, however, only spew garbage when encouraged by the others. It is said with almost a remorseful tone and there is compassion in your eyes. You are very different.

"You figured all that about me from how I talk?"

"From how you talk and your body language. You can learn a plethora of information about somebody based on those factors. But here is my question to you. Am I correct?"

Chelsea hesitated briefly, but discerned this is exactly why she invited him here. Honesty with full disclosure. She nodded, to ashamed to verbally admit it.

"Then why do you do it Chelsea?" Jason understood this was his chance to dissect the reasons someone would humiliate another person. With this knowledge, he may at least be able to curb an onslaught.

"I have a brother, Phillip, who is eight years older than me. He was treated horribly in high school and I didn't want to be like him. I met Tiffany and we became friends. Why haven't you tried to lift tour status? You can't possibly enjoy being tormented."

"I don't feel I'm being tormented."

"Huh?" Chelsea was astonished.

"I am perfectly happy with who I am. I know what I like, what I dislike, and it doesn't matter what anybody has to say about it. I don't care. And besides, I know I cannot belittle someone for no reason. I know how that feels and it is not right."

The two sat for almost two hours discussing the schools social power structure and why Jason could care less.

Jason pulled out his wallet. "I had a great time tonight Chelsea. Thanks for inviting me." He pulled out two twenties and laid them down on the check.

"You're welcome, but what are you doing?"

"Paying the bill. Why?"

"I invited you. I should pay, or at least go half."

Jason chuckled. "This may be my only time while in high school I can be a gentleman and pay for a girl's dinner. It is my honor to treat you."

On the way out, Jason held open the door for Chelsea at the entrance and at her car before the two finally said their farewells.

For the rest of the evening, Chelsea kept thinking about Jason and their conversation. He spoke with such conviction, she began to doubt her methods. He was happy and he didn't care. Could she be that free? She was also impressed with how much confidence he exuded. He was passionate and charming and even paid for the meal. Usually on her dates she has to put in something, and no one ever held open the door for her. Jason was a true gentleman.

The next morning, Chelsea decided she wanted to dress a little better than her normal tight jeans and form fitting v-neck shirts. She chose a yellow sundress that really extenuates her legs with spaghetti straps going over the shoulders. To go with it, she picked out some heeled sandals. She knew she couldn't talk to Jason, let alone go up to him, but if he could look her way, just once, it would be worth it.

Jason sat at his normal lunch table next to a teen who had pitch black hair and was wearing a grey t-shirt and black shorts. He and Nick were preparing to have their characters do their part in the upcoming castle siege when Adam joined them.

"Alright Jason, spill it." Adam demanded.

A very shocked Nick looked on with curiosity. "What are we talking about? What happened?"

"Nothing happened." Jason chirped.

"Do you believe this guy?" Adam pointed at Jason while looking at Nick. "He goes out with Chelsea Pollack and says nothing happened."

"Chelsea Pollack! You mean Jason had a date with THE Chelsea Pollack?" Nick sat mouth agape.

"It wasn't a date. It was more of a meeting. Now let's play." Jason said hoping to finalize the topic.

"I think I speak for Adam as well when I say good luck taking Lord Caldron's castle by yourself because I'm not rolling one die until we hear something." In unison Nick and Adam set everything down and stared at Jason.

Jason knew he was defeated. "Fine, you guys win, but there's not much to tell. Like I said, it was more of a meeting.

After a quick synopsis of what transpired, Nick shook his head. "That's it? Did you at least try to kiss her?"

"No, it wasn't like that. Now let's play." Jason was insistent.

Adam leaned back in his chair with a smile like the Cheshire cat. "I can't believe you had a date with Chelsea Pollack."

You guys are hopeless." Jason concluded.

Chelsea finally made it through the long line with her slice of pizza. She looked in the direction where Jason sat habitually. He was in a heated debate while rolling dice. She gazed a little longer until he looked up. He saw her. She couldn't help but smile and offered a quick wave. She suddenly felt butterflies in her stomach. Mission accomplished. Jason gave a head nod in reply and was oblivious to the argument Adam and Nick were enthralled in about how to defeat the security force their characters were faced with. Unfortunately, Jason wasn't the only one who notice Chelsea's entrance.

"What the hell Chelsea?" Chelsea awoke from her reverie to find Tiffany storming her way. "Do you know what I heard from Matt Harding in 1st period?"

Chelsea offered her friend a smile. "What are you talking about?"

"Oh my God, it's true, isn't it?" Tiffany took a step back to take a good look. "The dress, you wore that dress for him. And that wave a moment ago." She looked in the direction it was placed to see Jason watching the scene intently. "That was for him too, wasn't it?

"What are you talking about?" Chelsea responded hoping to diffuse her friend's short fuse.

"Oh don't play coy with me. Matt said he saw you and that nerd over there where he works last night. He said you were there for two hours together. Now today, you're smiling and flirting with him. You're crushing on a dork. This can't happen." Tiffany leaned in and began to whisper. "You're going to end this. Today. Right now. Go over there and dump your lunch on him, then come back to our table and we'll share mine, okay?" She ended in a high squeaky voice that only dogs and teenage girls can hear and walked back to her table. She started talking to the group, staring down Chelsea the entire time.

Chelsea slowly made her way through the cafeteria with her lunch in hand. Every couple steps she kept looking back at Tiffany and her evil grin kept getting wider. She finally reached Jason and gave one more glance at Tiffany. Tiffany nodded, encouraging her to continue. Chelsea turned back to face Jason. Her slice of pizza felt like it weighed 10 pounds. Her hands became fidgety.

"Hi Chelsea." Jason scooted back his chair and stood, fearing the worst. "Let me get this for you." He grabbed the tray and set it down on the table. Then a unified gasp erupted in the cafeteria as Jason hugged Chelsea. He then whispered in her ear. "This isn't you, but if want it to be, push me away and hit me hard in the face. By the way I love the dress. You look breathtakingly amazing in it."

At that moment, Chelsea knew her decision. She pushed Jason away. Jason closed his eyes, expectant of a forceful attack. And it was forceful. Chelsea brought both hands to his face as her lips met Jason's with force and passion. A stunned Jason opened his eyes. To his bewilderment, Chelsea was kissing him. In an instant, he kissed her back and wrapped his arms around her lithe body.

"Alright, alright, break it up you two." Mr. Carpenter, the vice principal, put his hands on their shoulders. "Or I'm going to have to give both of you detention."

The embrace ended and Chelsea looked over the three boys. "Do you mind if I sit with you guys?"

Nick and Adam didn't make a sound as both of their eyes were as wide as saucers.

Jason pulled out a chair for her. "Absolutely."

As Chelsea sat, her eyes locked with Tiffany's one more time. Tiffany put her finger to the side of her throat, slid it across the front and mouthed "You're so dead."

Chelsea felt a twinge of fear and looked at Jason. He smiled at her and moved closer so he could put his arm around her. Her fear dissipated and a sense of security engulfed her as if this was exactly where she should be.

News travels fast and the scene in the cafeteria was no exception. Jason was congratulated and got several pats on his back from people who never uttered a single word to him. Chelsea, however, was bombarded by questions like "How could you?" and "What were you thinking?"

Chelsea was deep in thought. "I should have expected the worst." She began recalling how Phillip was treated so harshly. But he turned out fine. College degree, married, two kids, a house, a job; living the American dream. Still, preparing for the worst and living through the worst are two totally different scenarios.

"So that's it. The tour of Casa de Akers is over." Jason escorted Chelsea into his room. "Like I said, not much, just the three bedrooms and bath up here and the living room, kitchen, and utility room downstairs and the pool out back." Jason sat on the edge of his bed while Chelsea familiarized herself with his room.

"So, you like Star Wars, huh?" She examined his collection of memorabilia. "Nice sword collection."

"They're lightsabers, and yes, the Star Wars saga is great. I won't get all nerdy on you, but at the heart of the films is the basic human emotion of love."

"I want to thank you." Chelsea turned and sat down next to Jason.

"For what?" Jason looked in her eyes.

"For saving me." Chelsea put her hand on Jason's thigh. "You were right about me and in the time since lunch today, I am happier with myself than I have been since I moved here. And for the first time, I want to do this for a guy instead of feeling obligated to." Chelsea shifted her weight toward Jason and began stroking Jason's bulge through his pants.

"You don't have to do this." Jason moaned out.

"I know. I want to do this." Chelsea moved closer and unzipped Jason's pants.

Jason grabbed her by the wrist, not allowing it to continue. "Chelsea, I'm honored you want to do this with me, but intimacy is something I do not take lightly. If we proceed, even in the smallest degree, I would want to be in a relationship. If you are not prepared for that, please stop."

Chelsea was taken by surprise. Nobody she has been with told her no before. It was always the exact opposite. But here was Jason doing precisely that. "Are you telling me you don't want to have sex?"

"I've waited 18 years for the time to make love to a woman, not have sex with one. I want that connection a relationship brings to the experience and I don't want it when my dad is going to be home in a half hour and Jessica downstairs watching TV. "

Chelsea sat back and peered in Jason's eyes. She knew he was serious. For the first time, a boy was not looking at her with lust and pushing her head in his lap. No, Jason's eyes were viewing her as if she should be revered. To him, she was angelic being, one to behold and treasure. At that moment, she knew that in just two days, she was in love. Something she thought she was in a few times before, but it was never like this.
