 As always:

Thanks to "Alpineskier" for editing.

Thanks to "Doc" for story consulting.

All characters involved in sexual acts are at least 18 years of age. (So get your mind out of the gutter!)

Chapter 8: Mutiny and Graduation

Nick was used to being ignored. He waited right outside the cafeteria as the troves of students herded their way to their usual tables. The bell rang signifying the start of lunch. He glanced at his watch. He already knew the time; he was just anxiously anticipating Candice's arrival. 

"Hey Nick." Candice greeted Nick with a brief kiss on the lips. "I have to admit, I'm really nervous to go in there."

"I know what you mean. If we don't work out, not saying we won't, we'll have no one, already alienating all our friends. If our relationship succeeds, judging by what has happened with Jason and Chelsea, Tiffany is going to be an unbearable pain in the ass."

"Speaking of friends, did you get a hold of Jason?"

"No, he wouldn't answer any of my calls or texts." Nick lowered his head. "Did you get a hold of Chelsea?"

"Nope." Candice's head lowered in defeat.

Nick grabbed Candice's hand and held it tightly. "As long as we have each other, we'll be fine."

Candice's eyes met with Nick's. "I know, and I am happy. If this doesn't work, we'll just spend our lunch in the library and eat after school."

The two teens entered the cafeteria and cautiously made their way in the direction of Jason, Chelsea, and Adam. An eerie silence descended upon the room. No one moved. Some students were standing, some were sitting with forks that had just entered their mouths, unable to chew, but all eyes were focused on Nick and Candice's every step.

As the two came closer, each step they took increased Chelsea's rage tenfold. She wanted to confront them, but as she stood, a gentle hand landed on her shoulder.

"Beautiful, before you react, look over there." Jason pointed to Chelsea's former table. The sight before them was Tiffany, appearing to be on the verge of spontaneously combusting. "This isn't in her plans." Jason took a deep breath. "It doesn't mean we forgive and forget, but maybe we should hear them out before we do react."

"You can't be serious." Then Chelsea peered at Jason and knew he was. "Whatever. I'll listen, and then I'll kick their asses. I can't believe you can be so calm right now."

"I'm not. I'm just better at controlling it." Jason kissed Chelsea's cheek.

At that moment, Nick and Candice arrived and Adam was the first to speak.

"Alright, I know something happened between the four of you, and Chelsea reminds me of a thermometer with her temperature so high, she's going to erupt. All I want to know is when do I get a cheerleader on my arm?"

Jason gave a hard glare at Adam, and he quickly slumped as far back into his chair as he could. Jason then put his arm around Chelsea's waist and made eye contact with Nick. "Say your piece."

"And it better be good!" Chelsea shouted out as she pounded a fist into the table.

Nick was prepared for Chelsea's temper. That he could handle. What really frightened him was Jason's demeanor. He was stoic and it reminded him of a mob boss about to order a hit on someone. His cold stare almost made him pee himself. "Candice and I stand here before you because we acknowledge we were wrong. There is no amount of apologies we can say to make this right. There is nothing we can do to change what we did, but we're happy we were able came together. We sincerely regret what happened to you two, and we are sorry. Especially from me to you Jason. We've been friends a long time and I threw it away. I may be naïve in my thinking; I just hope that someday you'll forgive me."

"Chelsea." Candice then pleaded. "You know how Tiffany controlled us. If I didn't follow through, she would've turned on me. All I wanted was to be a part of that crowd. But now I have Nick and I see how horrible I was. We had some good times without Tiffany. That was the real me. I'm so sorry. I hope one day you may be able to forgive me."

Chelsea went to go on a tirade, but Jason's arm squeezed at her side. She could tell Jason was still trying to digest what he heard. Just another reason why she loved him. She was so brash and he was so calm and collected.

A couple minutes passed when Jason finally spoke. "It's too soon, Nick." Jason shook his head. "Maybe after some time, but right now it's too soon."

"Let's go." Nick said in a whisper as he put his arm around Candice, her head resting on his shoulder as they left the cafeteria.

After a few moments, Adam's curiosity finally bested him. "Okay guys, what happened? Nick is with Candice now and we're without either of them."

"All I'm going to say is, because of those two, Chelsea and I only spent 15 minutes at the prom together." Jason then turned his attention to Chelsea. "Sorry for cutting you off, Beautiful, but I wanted to discuss this together first. What do you think?"

"Despite being the only girl in this little group." Chelsea pointed down at the table. "I was about to tell them off when you squeezed me."

"I don't disagree, but I'm glad you didn't. I don't think they'll be a problem anymore." Jason nodded his head towards Tiffany. "We can't let our guard down against her."

Tiffany's anger subsided and a wicked smile appeared. "Ally; it looks like Candice chose the path of Chelsea. That is unacceptable. We've been going after Chelsea, but we need to attack Jason. We need Jason to break-up with Chelsea, and then we'll go after Nick. We've been going at this all wrong. I have an idea, but we'll have to get some help." Tiffany looked out of the cafeteria toward the sophomore lockers and remembered a prior incident that seemed to be so insignificant, but now is the catalyst to her new scheme. "I know just who we need." Tiffany finished with a laugh.

*

Chelsea, Jason, and Jessica were all giddy it was finally Friday. School was out for the weekend and all of them couldn't wait to start it. Jessica couldn't wait to go over her best friend's house. She was staying the night over Melanie's house to celebrate her friend's 17th birthday. Jason couldn't wait to have sex with Chelsea in his own bed. Because Jessica was usually home and Ms. Pollack worked late, they were usually over at Chelsea's house. Although he loved sex with Chelsea, it seemed every time they were in her bed, one of the plethora of stuffed animals she had always found a way to get in his ass crack. Chelsea couldn't wait because she bought a new bikini and, knowing Jessica wasn't going to be around, wanted to test Jason's reaction to the lack of fabric.

When they reached the Akers house, Jason went to the restroom, Jessica packed a bag and left, and Chelsea, who had her swimsuit in her backpack, quickly changed in Jason's room and grabbed a towel.

When Jason was done in the bathroom, he heard nothing. He gave a chuckle, finding the humor in how much noise the three of them made a mere five minutes ago only to have absolute silence now.

"Beautiful, where are you?" Jason called out to the empty home.

Chelsea didn't answer but Jason quickly deduced she was out back when he heard the splash of someone diving in the pool. He made his way to one of the lounge chairs decorating the side of the pool. He took off his t-shirt, shoes, and socks, leaving him in just his beige cargo shorts. He watched with a smile as Chelsea completed a lap.

Chelsea wiped the water from her face and saw Jason sitting in the chair watching her. "Are you going to join me?"

"I don't have a suit."

"You don't have a suit?"

"Nope." Jason shrugged his shoulders.

"Why not?" Chelsea thought that was odd.

"Aren't you full of questions?" Jason gave a laugh. "A few years ago I almost drowned in the lake. I was swimming underwater and as I tried to come up, my foot got caught in some seaweed. I really haven't gone swimming since and I outgrew my suit. I figured it would be a waste of money to buy something I would rarely use."

The look of disappointment that was strewn on Chelsea's face was quickly replaced by her lustful smile. She slowly exited the shallow end of the pool and provocatively swayed her hips as she made her way to Jason. 

Jason's eyes lit up and mouth hung open at the vision before him. The scene reminded him of Phoebe Cates in "Fast times at Ridgemont High". Only Chelsea's bikini consisted of two little triangles and string. What the triangles were for, he had no clue. What he assumed was white fabric before it got wet was now transparent. Jason tented his shorts.

"You can swim in your boxers." Chelsea gave Jason a passionate, soulful, lover's kiss. She then caressed his bulge. "Promise I won't let you drown. And if you come in, I'll give you a reward."

"Okay." Jason was convinced and shed his shorts.

Chelsea led Jason to the stairs, her hand never leaving his manhood. Jason easily waded into the water. He wasn't afraid of swimming, but given the choice, he chose not to. However, given the choice between sitting in a chair and swimming while having sex with Chelsea, that was an easy choice for both his heads to make.

"You got me here, now what?" Jason asked playing dumb.

"Close your eyes." Chelsea said, still sporting her lustful smile.

Without hesitation, Jason did as instructed. He suddenly thought he heard the theme from "Jaws" playing faintly in the background. Chelsea removed her bikini bottom and the dipped underneath the water, pulling Jason's boxers as she went. 

Jason had to reposition his feet to keep from going down himself and when he heard Chelsea reemerge, he asked simply, "Can I open them?"

"Don't you always tell me to have patience?" Chelsea tossed both their garments out of the pool.

Jason snickered as Chelsea took a deep breath and went under again. Chelsea eased her lips over his shaft, being careful not to let water in. Jason's eyes flew open at the realization Chelsea was giving him an underwater blowjob. His head leaned back and his breath quickened. He felt an insane amount of suction as Chelsea went as fast as she could. This was definitely worth going swimming. After nearly a minute, Chelsea's head shot out of the water, her lungs gasping for air. Her eyes found Jason's face and with the utter amazement he exuded, she knew she would be doing that again. As soon as she caught her breath, she jumped into Jason's arms and wrapped her legs around his waist. The couple's tongues battled back and forth in a duel for the ages. Jason slowly backed his way to the wall, turned, and lifted Chelsea onto the edge.

"Your turn." Jason drove his face in between her legs.

"Oh." Chelsea responded, shocked at how swift Jason attacked her.

Jason's tongue dove deep inside her and his hands tenderly massaged the insides of her thighs. Inch by inch, his hands went in a circular motion towards her womanhood. As they reached their destination, his thumbs spread her labia wide, allowing his tongue to spear further into her. Both his index fingers assaulted her clit, lightly tantalizing it from all angles. Chelsea was in heaven as she began bucking her hips into Jason. Her orgasm was imminent. Jason suddenly switched and buried three fingers into her sex and sucked her clit with zeal. That did it. Chelsea pulled his head as hard into herself as she could and wrapped her legs around his head. Her eyes fluttered, head flew back, and spewed loud, indiscernible words into the soft air. Wave upon wave flooded into Jason's mouth as he tried in desperation to keep up. At last Chelsea's legs loosened their vice and Jason pried his head away. 

"Beautiful, I love the way you taste." Jason licked his lips.

Chelsea reached down and grabbed Jason's pole, slid down, and impaled herself. She let out a gasp at its insertion. "And I love the way you fuck me, Baby." She wrapped her legs around him and started bouncing slowly.

The two kissed and didn't stop as Jason backed her in to the side of the wall. Bracing himself, he began to thrust with intensity, pounding into Chelsea with reckless abandon. The water splashed out of the pool with ferocity. Each of their bodies was heating up to a boiling point in the cool water. They were one entity. No words were needed as they both reached a crescendo, and then broke through it, climaxing together. Jason's cock buried to the hilt and Chelsea's pussy milking it for all its worth.

Chelsea gave Jason a kiss full of passion. "Baby, that was amazing." She sighed and then laid her head on his shoulder, completely relaxed in a state of heaven.

Jason moved one of his hands to cuddle her head; the other holding tightly around her waist. "Beautiful that was so much more. It was perfect." He let her back rest against the wall and held her, unable to move any further. Time passed.

"I found them, Honey." Tim came through the sliding door. "They're in the pool."

Jason and Chelsea were snapped from their euphoric state at the intrusion of Tim. Jason was beginning to panic as Chelsea turned around. "Good evening Mr. Akers." She was as bubbly as ever despite Jason being nude her from the waist down. She was using the wall to shield herself and her body to shield Jason.

"I see you got my son to go swimming. Impressive. So how did he do?"

"He was fantastic. Like he was born to be in the water, Sir."

"That's great. Jason, I thought your trunks didn't fit?"

"Oh, I'm wearing a pair of boxers."

"I see. Well, I better go help your Mom with dinner." Tim turned, and instead of going straight in, he took a couple steps to the left to the side of the nearby chaise lounge chair and made a kicking motion. "Don't be too long you two. And you really should keep better track of time." Jason's boxers and Chelsea's bikini bottoms landed about a foot from the couple.

"You have the coolest Dad ever!" Chelsea exclaimed as she grabbed both garments.

Tim walked behind Mae, and put both arms around her. One hand cupping her right breast; the other massaging her pelvic region interrupting her cutting the lettuce for the salad.

"Later Tim, the kids will be coming in." Mae playfully smacked his hands away as the sliding door opened.

"Good evening, Mrs. Akers."

"Hi Mom."

Tim let go and went to tend the burgers on the stove. Mae's head swiveled around. "Well hello you two." Mae smiled. "Are you staying for dinner Chelsea?"

"If you'll have me."

"Of course. You two go dry off. Dinner is almost ready." Mae paused for a minute before continuing. "Oh, I see." Mae was mocking anger.

"What?" Tim played dumb.

"Don't what me Tim Akers. I thought all that petting was for me." Mae smiled. "I see why you're so frisky. Did the sight of that young thing wearing a see through nothing get my husband worked up?" She teased.

Tim turned and kissed Mae deeply. "Honey, you're the only young thing I have eyes for." Tim turned back and flipped the burgers. "But just so you know, I am getting a piece of my young thing tonight." He reached over and patted Mae's ass.

Mae laughed. "I don't know whether to tell Chelsea to cover up or encourage those lack of clothes. You're incorrigible."

"That's why you love me." Tim said half heartedly.

*

It took Jessica only two minutes to pass the three houses separating her and Melanie's house. Melanie was her exact opposite; blonde hair, slightly overweight, glasses, and zero self confidence. They have been friends since before elementary school, so as she arrived, Jessica didn't bother knocking.

"Melanie, I'm here."

"We're in my room. Come on up."

Jessica was puzzled. Melanie just said "we're". Who else could be here? Maybe her cousins made the four hour drive for Melanie's birthday, but she didn't see their mom's car. Jessica started up the stairs. "I talked to my brother. He said he'd take us to the mall tomorrow at 11:30am. He said he wants to do something mushy with his girlfriend at the park near there. All we have to do is get your mom to pick us up when we're..." Jessica turned into her friend's doorway to view three girls: Melanie, Allison, and Tiffany.

Melanie was glowing as she came and gave Jessica a hug. "Guess who wanted to come to my birthday sleepover?" It was a question with two obvious answers.

"Hi Jessica." Tiffany smiled and gave a quick wave.

To say Jessica was leery would be an understatement. The only time these two cheerleaders acknowledged her existence before, was in spite. Add that to what Jason and Chelsea had said they had done, she was definitely suspicious. But it was Melanie's birthday, and Melanie couldn't be happier.

As the night wore on, Jessica's guard slowly deteriorated. The four girls talked, laughed, and shared stories. Tiffany's personality was infectious. Hours passed and promises began to flow. 

"Starting Monday, you guys should sit at our lunch table instead of the library." Tiffany said cheerfully.

"Yeah, and we can put in a good word for you two with Coach Masterson to get you on the squad for next year to replace us." Allison added.

The girls were interrupted when Melanie's Mom called up. "Pizzas are here!"

Jessica went to get up. "I'll get it."

"No." Tiffany interjected. "Melanie, why don't you and Ally go get it? She didn't get to meet your mom like I did."

Melanie didn't hesitate and had a bounce to her step. "Okay, c'mon Ally."

Suddenly it was just Tiffany and Jessica in the room.

Tiffany brushed a strand of hair from her face. "Look, we're friends now. I mean if you're going to sit at our table, we must be friends. And friends do favors for friends, right?" Tiffany was talking fast. "I'll talk to Coach Masterson so I was wondering if you could do a favor for me?"

"Um, okay." Jessica drew out the last word, still trying to catch up to Tiffany's fast words.

"Great." Tiffany beamed and embraced Jessica. "Let's talk about your brother. What kind of guy is he? What does he like?"

"What? You want to know about Jason?" Jessica was shocked.

"Yeah, since we're friends I want to make sure you're not living with a total pervert or anything" Tiffany smiled. "I'll tell you what, we can make this easy. Can you access his computer?" Tiffany was speaking rapidly.

"Of course. Why?" Jessica shrugged her shoulders.

"Just email me a list of his internet history, any emails in his inbox, and his contacts list. I really just want to know what kind of guy he is. I was wrong about you and Melanie, so I'm probably wrong about him too." Tiffany was laying on the charm.

Jessica needed a delay in this conversation. She had to figure this out. "I'm not sure I want to know his internet activities."

"Oh, it'll be fine. Trust me." Tiffany smiled.

That did it for Jessica. Trust. Did she trust Tiffany? "I'll do it." Jessica grinned back, lying through her teeth.

"Jess, you're the best." Tiffany hugged her. "Here's my email address." Tiffany wrote it down and handed Jessica the paper. She then grabbed her phone. "Oh, I got a text." Tiffany paused, acting like she was reading. She got up suddenly and gathered her and Ally's bags. "Ally. We need to go. You need to give me a lift to the hospital. My Dad's been in an accident," she lied.

Melanie came in with the pizzas. "That sucks they had to leave, but wasn't it awesome to hang out with them? To think, come Monday, we're going to be sitting at the popular table!" She squealed.

Jessica didn't want to ruin her friend's birthday, so she agreed. She'll tell her tomorrow what was really going on. Jessica then crumpled the piece of paper Tiffany had given her and tossed it in the garbage can.

*

It was a gorgeous sunny day as Jason and Chelsea made their way to a secluded area in the park. They had dropped Jessica and Melanie off at the mall and Jason wanted to have a picnic with Chelsea. They lay down on a blanket, facing each other. They were stealing light touches, romantic glances, and tender kisses, just enjoying the company of the one they each love.
