 Things started off innocently enough. Thomas sent me an e-mail telling me how much he enjoyed one of my published stories. Of course, I wrote him back to say, "thanks." However, our innocuous little exchanges were just the beginning of what was to become a torrid affair. 

We began e-mailing each other on a regular basis, sometimes we would "chat" for hours. I'm amazed either of us got any work done! On the surface, we were polar opposites. Thomas is a clean-cut all-American boy with a corporate career, I'm a wild freelance writer with multiple body piercings and blue streaks in my hair. We both live in New York City, Thomas on the upper-crusty East Side, me on the bohemian West Side. Although we were on the same "island," we were worlds apart. Nevertheless, we clicked. 

Thomas matched my sarcasm with his own acerbic wit. He understood all of my 80's references and obscure pop culture knowledge. We discussed music, writers, movies and of course, sex. I felt as if I finally met my match. Eventually, we exchanged photos. I must admit he wasn't really my "type." He has that wholesome blonde haired, blue-eyed look. I'm usually attracted to the long-haired, tattooed and slightly psychotic look. However, I'm always open to new people and experiences. 

Eventually, Thomas and I exchanged phone numbers. This is something I never thought I'd do with an Internet contact, but Thomas was special. Our phone conversations flowed just as easily as our e-mails. Our talks would usually last two hours at a time. We were comfortable discussing intimate things with one another. I had just ended a long-term relationship and Thomas wasn't seeing anyone either. Of course, we wanted to meet each other, but I was still the walking wounded. I wasn't ready to meet anyone new yet. Thomas understood how I felt and didn't push the issue (much). 

Some of our conversations would get a bit raunchy. We would discuss some of our sexual adventures. I told Thomas how I'm into "dressing up." I have a French maid's uniform, a naughty schoolgirl's uniform and a harem girl's outfit. We're both into public sex and we've even had sex in Central Park. Unfortunately, not with each other. We were both sexually adventurous, willing to try anything once. 

One night, after a particularly steamy conversation, Thomas invited me to a movie. For some reason, I said 'yes.' He was a bit shocked to say the least! We agreed to meet the following Friday night to see 'Serendipity.' How appropriate. 

My heart was beating so fast, and the butterflies in my stomach were as big as eagles as I was dressing for our date. I wanted to look perfect for him. I put on my black lace push-up bra which barely contained my ample breasts, matching thong panties and black thigh high stockings. I knew Thomas liked short skirts, so I slid into my black leather mini. I then put on my tight, red cashmere sweater. It was short enough to expose my belly ring. The finishing touch was my knee-high black leather stiletto boots. With their three-inch heels, I was easily six feet tall. I ran a brush through my long blonde hair and applied some mascara and blood-red lipstick. I spritzed on some of my favorite perfume, grabbed my denim jacket and was out the door. This was some leap of faith. 

I arrived at the theater a bit early and was scanning the crowd for a familiar face. I didn't see him anywhere. Was he standing me up? Did he suddenly decide this was an insane idea? As I was cursing my own naive stupidity, I felt a hand on my shoulder. 

"Michelle...?" I turned around and fell into his incredible blue eyes. "Wow, so we finally meet!" 

"You look amazing!" He said. 

"Thanks, so do you." 

He looked adorable in his black slacks and a button-down shirt that perfectly matched the color of his eyes. We got our tickets and sat in the back row. There were only a handful of people in the theater. We attempted to make small talk before the movie started, but we were incredibly shy with each other. How can you talk about inane surface topics when someone already knows you like anal sex, and you know they've had a threesome? All of our small talk was finished ages ago. 

"I just want to say I'm so happy you agreed to this date, I can't believe you're actually here with me," said Thomas before he leaned in to kiss me on my cheek. 

"Me too," I answered as I went to kiss him back. 

However, this time, our lips met. We've waited so long for this, and it was perfect. I wanted to kiss him for hours. He gently bit my full lower lip and penetrated my mouth with his searching tongue. I hungrily accepted him. 

"Wow, I never kissed someone with a tongue piercing before, it feels awesome!" He said. 

I could feel a wet spot spreading on my panties, I started to softly moan into his mouth. Was he getting as aroused as I was? Only one way to find out. I moved my hand to his lap and sure enough, his cock was rock hard. I began to gently caress him through the thin fabric of his pants. He started to moan. What was I doing? I've never done anything like this before! I just couldn't resist him. I wanted him right then and there. 

He forced his mouth away from my lips and started to kiss my neck, I've told him that's one of my weak spots. He put his hand on my breast and rubbed his thumb across my very erect nipple that was threatening to tear through the soft fabric of my sweater. I was getting wetter by the minute. He put his hand on my thigh and started to slowly inch it upward. Before I could protest, he started kissing me again, I was finished. 

I continued to stroke his cock through his pants as his fingers reached my drenched thong. 

"Wow! What's got you so excited?" He asked. 

"I could ask you the same thing Thomas." 

"Take your panties off." 

"What? Here?!" I said in excited nervousness. 

"Do it now, please Michelle...." he pleaded. 

I was powerless, I did as he asked. I slipped my panties down my long legs, over my boots and handed them to him. He stuffed them into his pocket. 

"Spread your legs, I want to make you cum." 

I was too turned on to deny him. I hiked my skirt up a bit and spread my legs as far as they could go. Thomas put two fingers into my clean shaven pussy. 

"My God, Michelle. You're dripping wet!" 

I looked around the theater, no one had a clue what was going on in the back row! I totally surrendered to him. 

Thomas expertly worked his fingers in and out of my hot, wet cunt. He soon had three fingers in, then four. I was bucking wildly against his hand. 

"I want you to cum for me Michelle, I need you to cum for me." 

His thumb started working my clit as his other four fingers were fucking me. My clit hood is pierced as well and while I've always been easily orgasmic, my piercing made me 10x more sensitive. I was getting close. 

I threw my head back and whispered, "Fuck, baby, I'm gonna cuuummmm..." 

At that moment, Thomas kissed me so hard and I just groaned into his mouth as my body started to tremble. My thighs began to shake and I came in huge waves. Afterwards, I sat there a bit dazed and euphoric. Thomas lifted his fingers to his mouth and licked them clean. 

"MMMM, you taste so good Michelle." 

When I regained my senses I said, "Now, it's your turn!" 

I reached over to his crotch and started unbuttoning his pants. As I unzipped his fly, his erect cock sprung out at me. 

"Ah, going commando tonight I see." 

"It's all for you Michelle." 

"Yeah, I know it is. It's all mine!" 

I wrapped my hand around the base of his cock and started to teasingly flick his tip with my pierced tongue. I reached my hand down further to gently caress and cradle his balls. Then I deep-throated him. I heard him sharply inhale as I took his entire length into my hot mouth. I wrapped my full lips around his shaft and buried my nose in his soft blonde pubic hair. As I was sucking his cock, I could feel his cum-filled balls quickly begin to tighten. He wrapped a handful of my hair around his fist and forcefully shoved his cock as deep as my mouth would allow him to go. I wanted to devour him. 

"Fuck! I'm going to cum already! You hot bitch, you're going to make me cum soooo fast...." 

I moved my hand away from his balls, and placed it at the base of his cock. I began to jerk him off while still greedily sucking. 

"Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! I'm cuuuummmmiiinnnggg....Take it all......." 

He shot a huge amount of hot, salty cum down my throat. I feasted on every drop and licked my lips. His now flaccid cock had traces of blood-red lipstick on the shaft, a temporary reminder of a permanent memory. 

We behaved ourselves for the rest of the movie and somehow managed not to molest each other anymore. It was a great test of willpower! When the movie was over, Thomas suggested we grab a late dinner. I was too embarrassed, having gone too far too soon. So, instead, Thomas walked me to my apartment. He was obviously waiting for an invite, but I told him I was tired and I still had a deadline to meet. He was disappointed, but he thanked me for a wonderful date and promised to call. As soon as I walked into my apartment and turned my bedroom light on, the phone rang. 

"I just wanted to make sure you got in OK," said Thomas through his somewhat staticky cell phone. 

I opened my bedroom window to see him gazing up at me from the sidewalk. 

"Good night, Thomas." I said as I blew him a kiss. 

"Good night, Michelle. I'll call you tomorrow." 

I closed my window and began to undress. Was I totally insane? I couldn't believe what had happened between us. My head was spinning. 

The next day, Thomas called. 

"So, should I bring wine when I come over for dinner tonight?" 

"Excuse me? Are you inviting yourself over?" I asked. 

"Well, I have something that belongs to you. You do want these lovely panties back, don't you?" 

My mind started racing. Did I really want him to come to my apartment? There's no way I would be able to resist him, the sexual attraction was too great. Screw it, you only live once! 

"Sure, bring a nice red wine. I'll make lasagna. Be here by seven o'clock." 

"You got it, see you then!" 

Yes, I am certifiable! 

At five o'clock I jump in the shower and imagine what the night will bring. As the warm water flows over my body, my imagination runs wild. I soap up my full, firm breasts and flat stomach and pretend it's his hands on me. I caress my long legs and firm round ass with the soapy lather thinking of his touch. I need to cum. I gently start to lather up my pussy, my clit is quite erect. I easily slide my fingers in. I take the shower massager off of the hook and set it to 'pulsate.' I place it directly against my wet, soapy pussy and the force of the water brings me over the edge. I cum so fast thinking of him. 

The lasagna is ready and I've lit some candles for 'atmosphere.' Yeah, right. Like it matters! Since I know how this night is going to end, I decide not to get dressed at all. All I'm wearing is a short, white, frilly apron that ties at the neck and the waist, and a pair of white "Fuck Me" platform stiletto sandals. My hair is up in this messy kind of half-ponytail, and of course, I got my red lipstick on. 

The doorbell rings at ten to seven and when I opened the door, Thomas almost dropped the bottle of wine he had brought with him. 

"You look incredible! Like a sexually deviant Donna Reed! All you're missing is a string of pearls." 

"Well, maybe you could give me a string of pearls later." I answer. 

Tit for tat, we play off each other. Thomas pulls me close and kisses me deeply, I melt into him. 

"Great place you got here. I love that Andy Warhol lithograph." 

"Thanks, Marilyn Monroe is a goddess to me." 

"Yeah, me too!" 

I take the wine from him and walk towards the kitchen. Now Thomas can truly see how exposed I am to him. 

"Wow, even more stunning than I had originally thought!" 

"Well, what did you expect? You left me with no panties!" I teased. 

"Oh, yeah. I left those home. I totally forgot to bring them." 

"Yeah, sure. I know you want to keep them for future masturbatory endeavors." 

"Damn, Michelle, you know me well." 

"So, are you hungry?" I asked. 

"Hungry for you," he answered. 

"Now, now, there's plenty of time for that. Let's eat first." 

He wolfed down the lasagna and wine, but I was taking my leisurely time just to annoy him. 

"Did you enjoy dinner?" 

"Yes, it was the best meal I ever had, only now I need to work it off." 

"Gee, Thomas, you're so subtle!" 

He came up behind me and started kissing the nape of my neck, sending shivers down my spine and causing my nipples to stand at attention. 

"MMMMM, that feels sooooo good..." 

He then untied the strings around my neck and let the apron bib flap over, fully exposing my breasts. He took a breast in each hand and gently squeezed while still kissing my neck. His hands were a perfect fit. He increased the pressure and began to pinch my nipples, I was in heaven. He then stood in front of me and held his hand out. I slipped my hand into his and he led me to my bed. 

We stood at the end of the bed and kissed and caressed each other. He untied the string around my waist, and my only barrier fell to the floor. I stood before him wearing only high heels and a smile. He pulled me tightly against him. There's something so erotic when one lover is naked and the other is clothed. It's a very subtle power play. I stood before him as he drank in every inch of my body. I've never felt so vulnerable and excited at the same time. 

"I want you to undress me," he said. 

"I thought you'd never ask." 

I pulled his shirt up over his head and gently traced my fingers along his slightly muscled chest and defined abs. I leaned forward and kissed his nipples. He shivered slightly. I then got on my knees and undid his belt buckle. I unbuttoned and unzipped his jeans and pulled them down to his ankles. I pushed him onto my bed to undo his shoes. Of course, no underwear. I guess he knew how this night would turn out as well! Now he was as vulnerable as I was. He pulled me down on top of him. 

We were rolling around on my bed, exploring every part of each other. I could have kissed him forever. I started to take off my shoes, and he stopped me. 

"No, I want you to leave them on," he said as he kissed me deeper. 

He was laying on top of me and I could feel his hardness pressing against my thigh, aching to enter me. He moved from my lips to my neck, to my shoulders, and lingered lovingly on my breasts. His hot mouth welcoming my hard nipples, teasingly biting and sucking them. He then made a trail of little butterfly kisses down my belly, stopping just above my pubic mound. He then kissed my legs and thighs, intentionally avoiding my aching pussy. After tormenting me this way for what seemed like hours, he said, "I'm dying to taste you..." 

He nestled between my spread legs and hungrily started eating my pussy. He made his tongue as hard and stiff as possible, and penetrated me. He knew how to suck my clit, he was very talented. 

"Hey, why don't you get in on this too?" I asked. 

We switched to a sixty-nine position with me on top. I kept teasing him by lowering my pussy to his mouth then pulling away. Finally, he just grabbed my ass and held me to him. I love a strong man! As he was devouring my pussy, I was sucking his cock. He has such a beautiful cock, I love to have it in my mouth. After eating each other for about twenty minutes, I couldn't go on. We kept bringing each other to the edge, then we would stop. It was pure torture! I needed to be fucked NOW!!! 

I turned my body around and straddled Thomas. When I felt his cock in me for the first time, I was in heaven. He totally filled me up. I was riding him so hard, the smell of sex permeated the air. His hands and eyes were all over me. He grabbed my hips to impale me even deeper onto his cock. He squeezed my breasts as I rode him. Then, without letting go of his cock, I swiveled around and faced the opposite way. Now he had a great view of my ass as I fucked him. 

"Oh baby, I love to see your ass pumping up and down on my cock!" 

Suddenly, he grabbed my hips and forcefully threw me down on the bed. 

He threw my legs over his shoulders and drove his cock deep into me. He held onto the heels of my shoes for balance as he fucked me. 

"God, baby, faster, harder, FUCK ME!!!!" I moaned. 

He then flipped me over and fucked me doggy-style. This is one of my favorite positions! He entered me so forcefully, lightly slapping my ass with each thrust. 

"You like that, you whore? Yeah, I know you do. You like when I fuck you, don't you? You love being my little whore, right?" 

"Y-Yes, Thomas, fuck me harder! I love your cock, I want you deep inside of me!" 

As he was fucking me, I reached behind me and took his cock out of my pussy. 

"What are you doing?" He asked. 

"I want you to fuck me in my ass." I answered. 

Thomas had mentioned that he never tried anal before. I wanted to be the one to pop his cherry, figuratively speaking. We certainly didn't need any lube, my pussy got his cock slippery enough. 

"Are you sure you want this?" He asked. 

Such a gentleman. "Yes, I want you to fuck me in my ass, please?" 

I got back down on all fours and guided him into my puckered hole. 

"Oh, fuck! You're so tight!" He said as he inched his way in. 

"MMMM, yeah, baby. Give it to me. I want you deep inside of me." 

Finally, his whole cock was buried deep in my ass. He wanted to take it slow to avoid cumming too quickly. He wanted to savor this new experience. I started to back into him, forcing him to increase his thrusting. I wanted him to slam into me! 

"Come on! I want you to fuck me hard! Be a man!" I baited him. 

"OK, you bitch! You want me to fuck you hard???" 

He rammed his cock deep into my ass and was furiously pumping away. It hurt so good, it felt like he was tearing me apart. 

"Grab my shoulders, baby. Get in deeper...." 

He grabbed my shoulders and thrusted harder against my ass. I started playing with my clit while he was slamming into me. I was so close to cumming, I wanted to cum with him. 

"Michelle, I'm ready. I'm going to shoot a hot load of cum in your ass...." 

I started to furiously rub my clit. 

"Grab my hair when you're ready to cum, Thomas." 

I felt him wrap his hands around my ponytail. 

"I'm going to cuuummmmm........" He groaned. 

"Cum in me, cum in my ass....." I pleaded. 

I was going to cum too. 

"UUUUUNNNNNGGGGHHHHH......FUCK!!!!" He screamed. 

As soon as I felt him cum in my ass, I too exploded in orgasm. My whole body quaked with his cock still buried in my ass. We finally disentangled from one another and collapsed, exhausted, onto my bed. We held each other in silence for a while. 

"That was the most intense sexual experience I ever had," he said. 

"What makes you think we're done? You still owe me a string of pearls." 

Opposites really do attract.