 My friends are a wild and crazy bunch. They love to drink and smoke and carry on. Quite a few of them are bikers. I guess I am the oddball of the bunch. Yes I like to party but I don't own a motorcycle and I am on the quiet side. Our friend Ron was throwing a party at his house. A number of us were sitting in the living room having a good time when down the stairs comes Sonny. Sonny is short and wiry but you didn't want to mess with him in a fight.

"Any one wants to come upstairs, I am up there with Annie," he says.

Sonny trots back up the steps. I look at Ron and he has a scowl on his face. I quickly tell Ron I will go up and check to see what is going on. Ron gives me a nod and I walk up the steps to the second floor. I walk down to one of the spare bedrooms and there is Sonny and his girlfriend. Sonny is stripping out of his clothes and Annie is naked on the bed. 

"You might as well get out of your clothes Kyle, Annie is needing it bad today," he tell me.

Fuck, I walked right into something I didn't want to be involved in. Sonny and I always got along. He likes to tell stupid jokes and I always laughed at them. I didn't want to piss him off right now. I undressed as Sonny flipped Annie around on the mattress. She now had her head hanging off the front of the bed. Sonny gets positioned over Annie's face and he pushes his dick past her lips. 

There was only one other option available. I got onto the bed and I climbed in between Annie's legs. Annie was on the thin side with long, straggly hair. Her pussy was shaved bald as I took my cock and started to rub it across her slit. I could tell Annie was getting into it although her mouth was full of Sonny's cock. Annie was pushing back against my mushroom. I was getting hard pretty quickly and I slipped my rod inside Annie's tight hole.

Sonny was mouth fucking Annie and I had her pussy to myself. I place my arms on either side of her body and we got into a fucking motion. Annie sure did love cock. Her muscles were wrapped tightly around my dick. I could hardly believe what I had gotten myself into. Sonny was fucking like some sort of a possessed man. He was telling Annie to take all of his rod down to the root. Meanwhile, I had my dick buried inside Annie.

I could never admit to Sonny that his girlfriend was one hot fuck. Her pussy was going into these convulsions. It felt like someone was holding my cock in a tight fist and squeezing it. It was hot that day in the upstairs bedroom. Sweat was pouring from all three of us. Maybe a half hour had passed and Sonny let out this loud grunt. I looked over to see him pouring his hot cum down Annie's throat. I guess that made me lose control. A few more strokes and I unloaded inside Annie's hot quim.

I had a big load stored up that day. I kept fucking Annie and she squeezed ever drop of my loving from my dick. I had to admit this was one wild fucking I was participating in. I wasn't even sure I was supposed to pull out or give Annie my seed. Annie must have taken a good ten minutes to work every drop of my spunk from my cock. When Sonny and I both pulled away Annie looked spent. She was using her lips and tongue to lick Sonny's cock clean. I got a little embarrassed and I quickly got dressed.

"She's a pretty good fuck, don't you think Kyle?"

I just nodded my head and I walked back down to the first floor.

When I saw Ron I said to him,"everything is fine upstairs."

I couldn't bring myself to tell him that Sonny and I had given Annie our hot loads of cum. I went into the kitchen and got myself a beer. It wasn't long before Sonny and Annie showed up. No one said a word. Sonny got into his routine of laughing and getting loud as he drank one beer after another. Annie walked up to me in the kitchen.

"That was so good Kyle, you made me orgasm three good times."

I think my face got red. I just hoped no one heard Annie telling me that she got off being fucked by me. The party couldn't have ended soon enough. As I was leaving to go home, Annie came over to me one more time.

"Why don't you stop over some day when Sonny is at work," she said.

I didn't give her any commitment that I was going to do that. I got home and I showered. Afterwards I got into bed, my mind was on one thing, Annie. I know it was stupid but I wanted to fuck her again. Especially if Sonny wasn't around. I did have a day off that next week. Like a fool I drove over to where Sonny and Annie lived. Sonny's pickup truck wasn't there. I pulled in and walked up to the door. Annie answered and pulled me inside.

"I was hoping you would show up Kyle."

Annie was soon all over me. She knelt down and she worked my pants free. I was now experiencing Annie's oral tricks. She took hold of my cock and she held it up. Annie would then use her tongue to lick on the underside of my dick. She also deep throated me. Annie took me right down to the root. I had to control myself so I wouldn't cum right then and there. It never got to that. Annie soon stopped and then she got totally undressed.

I pulled off the rest of my clothes. Annie put her arms around my neck and I hoisted her up. I was holding her thighs when I found her pussy and I shoved my dick up into her hot tunnel. It was maybe better than the first time we fucked. I backed Annie up against one of the walls. I began to pound her with my cock as hard as I could. Annie didn't have a cock in her mouth this time. You should have heard her telling me what she needed.

"Your cock feels so much better than Sonny's," she told me. 

I didn't mention that Sonny had a stubby cock. My cock was around eight inches in length and Annie seemed to need my fat prick deep in her wet pussy. To be honest, I had never held a woman up like that before. I had always wanted to try that position and Annie seemed to like being held against the wall and taking my cock. Annie did have a tight grip on my erection. She held me like my cock was in a vise. I kept feeding her cock until Annie had a big orgasm.

"Oh Fuck!" She cried out. "Keep going Kyle."

I wasn't stopping but I was so worked up I was getting to the point of letting go. I rammed her pussy until I felt my nuts starting to pinch. I blasted Annie with another load of my cream. When Annie felt my cum streaming into her body she screamed. That made me squirt even more of my hot load into her thin body. It took some minutes until I was finally empty. I let Annie back down onto the floor. I thought she might fall down.

Annie was wobbling as she got herself together and went to the bathroom to clean up. After a few minutes she walked back into the room. I had already gotten dressed.

"I'm going to feel your cum inside me for the next few days," she told me.

Sonny was going to be home in the next hour or so. Annie wanted my phone number so I gave it to her. She kissed me as I went out the door. Driving back home I thought of how stupid I had been. I doubt Sonny would want me to be fucking his girlfriend on the side. No matter what happened at Ron's house I should have been more careful. It was later that night when I got a text message. It was Annie.

"You make me crazy when you cum in me like that Kyle. I need to see you again soon. Let me know when you are free...Annie"

Well I have put myself in a difficult position. I still want to fuck Annie but I need to be damn careful now. Maybe I can come up with a plan so I can see Annie at someplace discreet. I do know I need to fuck Sonny's girlfriend again and again.