 The birthday present was supposed to be for me, but like so many other things in life, this was not exactly how it turned out. The birthday present in question was about 25 years old, stood just 5' 4" tall in her stockinged feet and went by her professional name of Candy. She had short, spiked black hair and a rather petite body with small boobs. Now, you may think that a hooker is a strange sort of present to give your husband on his 40th birthday, but my wife, Mia and myself have never been the jealous sort. Over the years we have experimented with many sexual variations to keep our love life spiced, and the birthday present was the latest idea on this theme.

Candy was not a surprise present for me, Mia and I had discussed this latest idea for some time prior to her arrival at our home. There had certainly been no objection on my part; the idea of having sex with a younger woman appealed to me is it must do to most men of my age (or any age!). As I have said, Mia and I have had many experiments in the past, which sometimes included swinging or swapping partners - at one time we even joined a swingers "circle", but left when we realised that the others took it much more seriously than we did. I think we were just looking for a little extra fun every now and then. Since leaving the circle, though, both Mia and I definitely missed the excitement of sleeping with other partners - hence the arrival of Candy.

We had both decided that it would be better to hire a professional, rather than contacting someone that we already knew. The agency that she worked through sounded discreet and had a good reputation. They promised a reliable, efficient service and we were happy that there would be no misunderstandings or lingering personal ties.

Candy arrived promptly at the designated time. She wore an expensive looking business suit with dark stockings and black shoes - for anyone that cared to look, she seemed the archetypal executive calling on a customer. We all sat in our lounge chatting for a while and sipping cocktails. Candy seemed interested in our situation and asked many questions. She explained that she was happy to indulge in most forms of sex play but drew the line at physical pain or "water sports". This was fine with Mia and myself, as we had no interest in that sort of thing anyway. We had already paid the agency in advance, thus relieving the uncomfortable subject of money, and Candy went on to say that she would stay with us until morning, or for as long as we required her.

Once the drinks were finished, Candy stood and moved to the centre of the room. She posed with hands on hips, legs slightly apart and looked at us, as if waiting for inspection.

"What would you like me to do first, Mike?" she asked. The question threw me for a moment and I swallowed hard. In the planning of this evening, I don't think that I had given much thought to the preliminaries, I had simply concentrated my thoughts on the "main course" so to speak! My wife, however seemed better prepared.

"Well, really you are here for Mike," she stated coolly. "I think he would like to see some more of your body - I know I would!"

I was not really all that surprised by Mia's comments. I know her to be a very sexual person who is comfortable with male of female partners. We had explained to the agency that she may well want to watch the proceedings or even join in.

Candy smiled and turned towards us as she began to unbutton her double breasted jacket. She worked slowly, savouring my excitement as I watched with my wife seated beside me. The buttons finally loose, she shrugged the jacket from her shoulders and, folding it neatly, placed it carefully on a chair. The lacy camisole that was now revealed was extremely pretty and complimented her small frame perfectly. He skin was tanned and smooth and as she released the catch and the back of her skirt, she turned her back to me and requested that I help with the zipper. My fingers trembled slightly as I grasped the zip. 

My throat felt dry and I swallowed hard again as my fingers pulled downwards slowly and opened the back of the garment. I could also hear Mia's breathing coming in short gasps as Candy let the skirt fall to the ground and, stepping out of it, turned to face us. It was my turn to gasp now as I looked at her perfect body. The white lace of the camisole contrasted beautifully with her tanned skin. The half cup of the upper part of the garment enclosed her small breasts nicely; the smooth slopes of the tops of her boobs displayed for our pleasure. Despite her fairly small size, Candy's legs looked long and slender encased as they were in her black stockings.

The slow strip-tease continued as she kicked off one shoe and placed a stockinged foot on the sofa between my legs. The stockings were of the hold-up variety with elasticated tops that Candy now began to roll down her long legs. The process was repeated with the other leg until she stood before us in just the lacy camisole. 

With a child like skip, Candy moved to our hi-fi system and selected a CD. She inserted the disk and, pressing the play button, the room was suddenly filled with the sounds of soulful jazz music. The strip continued as she gyrated her gorgeous body around the room to the music stretching her limbs and moving with all the grace of an accomplished dancer. The bulge in my jeans was becoming almost painful and Candy must have noticed, because, with a smile, she danced her way over to me and slipped the thin spaghetti straps of her top from her shoulders and presented a pair of lovely breasts to my face. I had only a brief second to admire the way the pink nipples tilted seductively upwards, before my lips closed over one of the buds and sucked it deep into my mouth.

As I played with her perfect tits, Mia was busy tugging the rest of the flimsy garment from Candy's body. Finally our pretty hooker stood before us completely naked. She was beautifully proportioned. Her make-up had been carefully applied and I noted that her pretty toenails were painted the same flame red colour as her fingers. Mia suddenly broke the silence.

"How about letting her give you a nice blow job, Mike," she said in a horse whisper, "I can see your very excited, and I would love to see those pretty painted lips sink over your big cock!"

Candy seemed in control now. "Take it out for him, Mia," she said, "Let's see what he has to offer!". My wife squealed excitedly at the prospect of seeing some real action and quickly grabbed at my zipper. She struggled for a moment, her fingers trembling as mine had earlier, but soon managed to open my jeans and remove my throbbing erection. Not for the first time in my life, I was pleased that I had been blessed with an adequate endowment. Well, okay a little more than adequate! As Mia's fingers encircled my cock, I could feel my whole ten inches throb in her hand. Candy looked impressed by my size and I blushed a little. She sank to her knees between my legs. I thought that Mia would surrender her grip on my shaft to the other woman, but instead, she held it tightly and guided it towards Candy's open and waiting mouth.

The two women worked my cock in practised unison, as I felt the fireworks go off in my head. Mia stroked my shaft and cupped my heavy balls as her companion locked her lips around my glans. The sensations were quite incredible as the worked together, bringing me closer and closer to orgasm. My wife had now joined Candy in a kneeling position on the floor as they jointly masturbated and fellated me. My cock felt so hard I thought it would burst, and I knew that my climax was near. I wondered briefly which one of them would want my seed, but as Mia gently squeezed my balls, I realised it was too late to worry about that now. With a gasp and a deep moan my balls surrendered their contents directly into Candy's mouth. She strained to swallow as much as she could, but then, in a display of shared lust, she withdrew her mouth from my spent cock and fastened her ruby lips directly onto my wife's. The two women kissed deeply, their tongues entwining and swapping the remaining semen from one to the other. It was one of the sexiest sights I had ever witnessed.

Mia could see that I needed a little time to recover, but she was obviously as horny as hell! Sitting herself back down beside me, she pulled her short skirt up around her waist and spread her legs. She looked down at Candy with a pleading expression on her face and pulled her panties to one side revealing the shaved pussy that I knew and loved so well. Candy was busy still licking the remaining cum from her lips when she realised what my wife wanted. 

"Oh yes!" she murmured, "a taste of fresh pussy is just what I need right now!" With that, she buried her face into my wife's wet snatch and started licking up and down the length of her slit. Mia went wild with lust as she felt Candy's expert tongue make first contact with her nether regions. I could certainly vouch for her ability, I thought! I could feel the blood start to return to my flaccid penis and knew that, with the display that I was watching, it would be hard again very soon. But first, I wanted Mia to enjoy Candy's attentions as well.

My wife was half sitting and half lying on the sofa with her legs well spread. She wore only a thin t-shirt to cover her upper body and I delighted in the way her large breasts heaved and fell under the material as Candy ate her pussy. I wanted to feel those big tits in my hands and quickly pulled up her shirt and bra so that the heavy mounds were completely exposed. My hands covered her tits and I could feel the large nipples throb against my fingers as Candy's oral assault continued. Mia was breathing hard and fast and I could tell that her orgasm was imminent. 

Taking her turgid nipples in my fingers, I pulled and twisted them as I know she liked. Mia squealed her delight and bucked her hips up from the sofa, her orgasm crashing through her body as she coated Candy's face with her cum. But Candy knew what she was doing, and, as much as Mia wriggled in the throes of climax, she refused to stop eating her pussy. Instead she continued to lash her clit with her tongue and then proceeded to insert two fingers into Mia's soaked pussy and wriggle another digit into her ass. Mia went wild again and pulled her soaked panties further away from her pussy allowing the other woman better access to both her holes.

By this time, I was as hard as a rock again and keen to sample more of my birthday present. Candy was still in an "all fours" position on the floor as she continued to give my wife's vagina a tongue bath. I dropped from the sofa and shuffled in behind her. My hands rested on her wonderful up turned butt and my fingers traced gentle patters over the tight skin.

"Mmmmm...oh, yes...put it in me, Mike..." Candy managed to say, the words muffled in my wife's wet and now very open pussy. "Let me feel you...in...me...PLEASE!"

I poised myself and gently eased myself into Candy's pussy. She felt young and tight and my dick throbbed as I felt her warm cavern draw me inside. I reached around her and began to play with those lovely small titties again as I started to fuck her properly. She felt tight, but I was still able to sink my entire length in to the hilt. She began begging me to fuck her harder and faster. The room was alive with the noise of both women as Mia coursed from one orgasm to the next; Candy not allowing her a moment's respite between climaxes. 

I shoved my cock in and out of Candy's pussy with long, practised strokes, angling my thrusts to ensure maximum contact with her exposed clit. I pinched her nipples harder as she urged me on and suddenly felt her internal muscles grip me tightly as she howled her orgasm loudly. I didn't stop pounding her snatch until I was sure that she had finished her climax, and then with my root fully inside her, I rested for a brief moment.

Mia looked completely exhausted as Candy finally allowed her to rest also. My wife's legs trembled as she left the sofa and came around Candy to join me behind her - I guess my little slut wanted to see me fuck our hooker!

"Would you like to put it in my ass?" said Candy over her shoulder as she began to move her hips back and forth on my still hard cock.

"Oh yes!" replied Mia quickly, "This I just have to see!"

Well, who was I to argue, I thought with a smile. If that was what they both wanted, I couldn't disappoint the ladies, could I?

Pulling my cock, a little reluctantly from Candy's hot cunt, I used my fingers to spread the copious amounts of juice that she had secreted, around her puckered little butt hole. I worked first one, and then two fingers inside the tight opening until I was happy that my size would not cause her any damage. Positioning my cock against her anus, I began to push forward. This was obviously not the first time that Candy's back passage had seen some action, because as I pushed, I could feel the hole open to accept me easily. Candy was grunting like mad as I continued to ease up into her and Mia was sat on the floor, open legged and thrusting three fingers in and out of her pussy with lightening speed. The throbbing in my shaft, combined with the incredible friction that I was experiencing from Candy's bottom, told me not to expect my stamina to last for long. I still had a hold of her tits as I began to fuck her firmly in the ass. Candy's fingers were busy between her legs working over her distended clit as I approached my climax. I heard her moan in ecstasy as her fingers brought her to a sudden orgasm and as her butt clenched and contracted, I shot my second load of the evening deep into her anal tunnel.

Although we were all completely exhausted, Candy stayed with us for the whole night. We slept in fits and starts, awakening to the feel of hands or lips on our bodies and then fucked all over again. We all finally awoke at noon the following day and rounded off the session with me fucking my wife's big tits while Candy squatted over her face and allowed her to lick her to orgasm. Both Candy and I came almost simultaneously, covering my slut wife's upper body with our combined fluid.

As Candy finally left and walked out of our lives, I wondered what I would get my wife for her next birthday!