 As his fingers sink into my skin and his hands grasp my hips, his head burrows down again. I feel my body come towards him as my pelvis tilts to meet his tongue, to meet the feeling that's making my body shiver, my nipples hard and that has me moaning so deep and strong it doesn't even register the noise is coming from me.

With every lick and flick of his tongue my pussy grinds into his face, my cunt just wanting more of his mouth. I can feel the wetness from his face on my thighs, consciously I hope its not all mine, that I haven't soaked him completely, a naughty part of me really doesn't care; as long as his tongue doesn't stop.

As I lay there enjoying every sensation his tongue and lips are giving me, I wonder how it came to this. How I, just me, met him. 

As my mind starts wandering back to the days before he shook my world, his head goes a bit lower, I feel his tongue thrusting in me, lapping up my juices, enjoying the taste of my sweet pussy, his hand has moved over from my hip, his finger is circling my clit, not daring to touch it but just teasing me with the feeling of pressure all around it and knowing he is so close to it and could just take me there and then but knowing he won't, that he wants to watch my body shiver, my breasts stand upright an my nipples so hard, the contrast of the hard nipples and firm skin making by breasts look perfect, just the way he likes them.

I know him well enough by now to know he likes to watch my body react to every slight touch he gives me, and as much as I love this I love the orgasms even more. The feelings that go through my body, the way my skin comes alive, how every nerve reacts to the most powerful feeling that starts in between my legs and works it way across my body leaving me nothing but the complete sensations of exhaustion and fulfilment afterwards.

I know it's always worth it in the end though, I know all his teasing, the torture I feel having his tongue delving in an out of my wet cunt and his finger circling my clit my body so close to bringing me to the point of no return, will always be worth it as it only makes it ten times better when he lets me go, when he lets my body take over and watches as every part of me moans, ripples, grinds and shivers through my orgasm, the look in his eye as he stares at my goosepimpled body sprawled across the bed, carpet, kitchen or wherever he decided he wanted me then.

At present I am on the bed, he likes me on the bed when he's giving me lots of oral attention, the comfort of it meaning he can go on as long as I need him to or as long as he wants to, whichever he feels would be more tease worthy. Laid on the bed with the soft duvet underneath me, the pillows are somewhere behind me, I daren't look round I may disturb his tongue and the view I currently have. I can see the crown of his head my hand often slips down and tugs on his hair, he has that spiky, thick, coarse hair that when you run your fingers through it, just gives you the urge to pull and tug on it so hard.

So there I am, legs spread, thighs resting on the quilt either side of me, his head between my legs, one hand still teasing my cunt whilst the other is now gliding down my thigh with his feather light touch. He brings his hand back up again shortly after, knowing how much this drives me wild, adding to my sensitivity.

I can feel my body getting really close, his tongue feels so good, he keeps thrusting it in my pussy, then licking just the outside of me where my juices have leaked, he enjoys the taste of me, and the feelings of my body below his head as he continues to let his tongue tease the most sensitive part of my pussy and watch how it makes me react, not only with me grinding my hips into his head deeper but also the non stop flowing of the wetness between my legs that he just keeps licking.

This is all getting too much and my breathing becomes so heavy and rapid I know he's going to stop, this is my dead giveaway that I am moments from an Incredible orgasm, and I don't think he's going to let me come, as I start moaning louder my breath being heard in between moans, I wait for him to pull his head up and smirk at me, with that cheeky smile, and those irresistible eyes, but he doesn't.

He moves his head slightly upwards, removing his finger at the same time, he brings his tongue up in one long stroke and licks at my clit so hard, so fast, god he's gonna let me come.

His hands are back round my hips, his fingers gripping me so tightly, he's not letting me go. His tongue against my clit, his lips pushed against my skin, his head literally burying itself in between my legs, the feeling of knowing i'm about to give him a mouthful of my hot sticky sweet cum, my hand goes to the back of his head, he's worked for this so he deserves to feel what he's done to me as I close my eyes and let my body go, feeling the sensations rise from my cunt, the gasps and moans escaping my mouth, my hips bucking as I come and come, pulling on his hair, enjoying every second of this amazing orgasm he's given me. 

As he pulls his head up, and stands up, I notice he has my cum all over his face, running down his chin, though I should be horrified by this I secretly enjoying knowing I did that to him. Instead of heading out the door to the bathroom to clean himself up, he surprises me with what he does next, his hand reaches up to his face and wipes my come onto his hand, he lowers his hand and uses my fresh sticky cum to wipe all over his hard cock, there he is, stood to attention, hand running over his hard cock pulling his head free, I watch his face as he enjoys it. Laid there feeling vulnerable with my legs still wide open and my body exhausted, I look up to see him edging closer towards me, his figure towering over me, that glint in his eye means only one thing ... and god help me!