 I had been dying to see you. I had been thinking about you all day and how good it would feel to be in your arms. There was something specific that I wanted, however. I had been dreaming of having you lick my pussy. We had talked on the phone, so you already knew what I wanted. You knew you would get pleasure in return so you told me you would lick and suck my pussy for a while before you plunged that hard delicious cock deep in my ass. I was soaking wet thinking about it.

I arrived at your house. It was just you and I there and we were both anxious to get naked. I wore a dress with nothing underneath. You liked that a lot. You pushed me down on your bed. It was a little rough, but I was so excited I didn't really notice it much. You pushed my dress up and lightly grazed your hand over my swollen pussy. My hips followed your hand. You pulled back.

I was breathing hard. You kneeled at the end of the bed and asked me if I wanted you to lick my pussy. I panted, "Yes. "

You started rubbing your hands up and down my thighs, each time coming a little bit closer to my pussy. I tried moving my hips closer to your hands to force you to touch my hot cunt. You moved your hand away.

You asked me again. "Do you want my tongue on your pussy?"

"Yes! Please!" I breathed out.

You started to kiss up my right thigh. You neatly avoided my pussy, however and moved over to the left thigh and kissed your way up that one as well. I thought you would dive into my smooth pussy, but you didn't. You kept edging around it...teasing. I tried to put my hand on your head to guide you where I wanted you, but you pulled your head back.

I could feel the slick wetness of my cunt dripping down the crack of my ass where it would leave a wet spot on the edge of your bed. 

"You really want it, don't you?" You patted my pussy playfully and then gave it a vibrating rub. "Ooh, nice and wet just the way I like you." You smile at me. "Don't grab my head, OK?"

"OK! I want to feel your tongue on my clit!" I felt impatient.

You smiled again and moved your head back down to lick and nibble around my clit. You wouldn't touch it though. Oh, how I wanted you to lick it. It felt so good, but I was greedy and I wanted more. I tried moving my hips around, but you grabbed them and pinned them to the bed. 

You continued nibbling on my cunt. I could feel the light graze of your teeth as you nibbled your way down one side. When you got to the bottom, you darted your tongue inside my cunt and then started nibbling up the other side. 

I squirmed, but you held me tight and wouldn't allow me to move. You gave my pussy a long lick from the bottom all the way up to my clit and pulled away again. I was in agony! I wanted you to lick and suck my clit and you seemed to be avoiding doing just that! You were toying with me!

"Mmm, please!" I whisper.

You pulled away and looked at me. "What did you say?"

I barely squeaked it out this time. "Please..."

"Please what?"

"Please lick my clit. Please!"

I must have sounded tortured, because you complied. You flicked my clit with your tongue, wiggling it back and forth. Then you slid your tongue down under my clit and all the way down. Your tongue darted into my pussy again. I moaned. I tried to move against your tongue, but you held me fast. 

"Don't move!" you ordered from between my thighs. 

You let go of my left hip and while circling my clit with your tongue; you slid your finger into my dripping pussy. I moaned, but I stayed still for the time being. You lightly sucked my clit into your mouth and began to move your tongue back and forth across my clit at the same time. It created an amazing sensation and I was unable to keep from moving. Moans escaped me. You allowed a little movement, but then you pulled your head back and reminded me that I was not to move. I stopped.

Your fingers began their probing again. You pulled your fingers up against the bone and began furiously finger fucking me. Involuntary jerks of my hips started happening. You leaned in and sucked my clit into your mouth again and began tonguing it at the same time all the while fucking me with your fingers. I was unable to stop my hips from thrusting against your fingers and tongue. 

My breathing became much more deep and ragged and I knew I was close to coming. You must have been able to tell I was close to coming, because you pulled your fingers out of my pussy and moved your head back for a minute as if you were taking a breath. I could barely think and my breathing was uneven. You moved closer and breathed on my clit. I could feel the heat of your breath there and I couldn't help but squirm. I could tell you were excited from the way you were breathing, but I didn't know what you would do next. 

You didn't give me much time to think about it, because your mouth closed over my clit again and you again slid a finger into my hungry pussy. It was only there for a brief moment and then without missing a beat, I felt your finger pushing against my asshole. With very little pressure it slid right in and you began fucking my ass with your finger while you sucked on my clit. I started coming and my whole body shuddered with the orgasm.

You waited just a brief moment and then slid your rock hard cock into my dripping pussy. I started coming again and you fucked me for a moment and then impatiently pulled out and pulled me up and turned me around. I knew you wanted to cum in my ass, so I pulled my dress back up and bent over the bed. You stood up and grabbed my hips and put the tip of your cock up against my waiting asshole. 

I was so turned on, I started to get impatient and I pushed up against your cock and the head of it pushed in. You groaned and said, "Yeah, that's it. You want it don't you?" I pushed back again and this time was met with a thrust from you. My pussy juices were all we needed for this ass fucking. I pushed back once more to feel the rest of your cock slide in and I could feel your balls up against my ass. 

You pulled harder at my hips and started moving your delicious cock in and out thrusting harder and faster and I met each thrust and started rubbing my clit at the same time. You could hear the slap of my ass against your abs. It was so hot and the sounds coming from both of us added to the moment. I couldn't hold back anymore and I started to cum again. This pushed you over the edge and your cock started pulsing and shooting thick streams of hot cum into my ass. We both fell on the bed satiated and exhausted. 

After a few moments, we got up on shaky legs and took a shower. Then we crawled into your bed together naked and cuddled.