 John is the perfect boyfriend. I know this because I've dated every loser in all of LA. John and I have been dating for about 6 months now, and he's the most respectful, loyal, and fun guy I've ever been with. And did I mention, he's hot. Really hot. He's one of those guys that just walks with the confidence that he knows how to treat a woman, but is not cocky. And speaking of cock, he's just an amazing lover. I made him wait an additional date, but that night of the 4th date is one that I will always remember. I think seeing a boyfriend naked for the first time is one of those events that just gets burned into your brain. I can remember as he slowly took his shirt off, exposing his firm stomach and broad shoulders. I just didn't know how firm a set of abs could get. As I stared at his chest, my knees wobbled, and I got a churn in the bottom of my stomach. Part of me was really into the moment, but part of me was worried that maybe I hadn't shaved well enough for a guy like him! I just don't know what made me wait 4 dates, because this was a man that I badly wanted. 

Oh, by the way, he has a gorgeous smile and the best brown hair ever. His eyes are really deep brown, almost black, and they just makes me melt when he looks at me. But it was his laugh that first drew me to him. The joke was stupid, and he knew it, but he still filled the room with his laugh. And here he was, standing in front of me unbuckling his pants. He loosened his belt, and released the button front, and looked deep in my eyes. "Are you sure you're ready of this? I want to do this, but I need to know you want to. I think you're somebody I can be with for a long time." I don't remember responding, because I don't think I could speak. He must have known from the longing in my eyes that I wanted it at least as much as he did. 

He took a step closer to me, and now was only about a foot away. I could feel his heavy breathing, and there was a distinct phallic outline extending way deep into his left pocket. He reached up, and ever so carefully began unbutton my cotton blouse. It was one of those blouses that is a little too tight at the top, and then flows loosely around the waste. I had not worn a bra that evening, so my nipples were proudly protruding, straining to be released. Even though he was working on my blouse, his eyes were darting between my cleavage and my nipples. I wanted him just to rip my shirt off, but it was fun watching him try to maintain his cool demeanor. He finally got the shirt opened, and I let it drop to the floor. He uttered an uncontrolled "Wow." He moved his hands slowly to my jeans, running his hand seductively in the space just below my bellybutton. I kicked off my shoes, and impatiently unsnapped my own pants. I crammed down the zipper, and pulled them down to my feet, and kicked them off next to my shoes. He got the cutest shocked look on his face as he saw me standing there in just my thong. But I needed to get this evening going. 

He got the point, and wasted no time getting his pants off, exposing some really cool blue and white boxers, with little sheep on them. "Really cute," I said. "Too bad they need to come off so soon!" With that I reach across and put my arms around him, and I press my body to him. I can feel his hardness against my thigh, and my own thighs tingled with anticipation. Still holding onto his neck, I let my head move down his chest, and my mouth finds one nipple, and then the next. He really likes his nipples sucked, and responds with groans of pleasure. 

I drop my hands to caress his butt, and I gently drop to my knees. I surround his penis with my hand, and gently stroke through the boxer's fabric. I can't wait any longer, and I grab the side of his boxers and quickly try to remove them. As the front of the boxers lower, his penis pops from its confinement, and points right at me. It is magnificent. Maybe 7 inches, nearly perfectly straight, and my hand just barely fits around it. It has a large, shiny head, and is as hard as a broom handle. As I continue to stroke it, drops of precum appear at the tip, and then delicately fall around his head, acting as a lubricant for my strokes. "Please suck it," he begs. Without any hesitation, I open my lips and take the entire head into my mouth. He groans and becomes unsteady. I knew I made an impression. 

I continued sucking for just a couple minutes, but his breathing became irregular, and he began small thrusting motions into my mouth. Not so much that it hurt, but enough to know that he was way aroused! He was getting close. I could also tell from his taste, as he changed from the sweetness of the precum to a nearly bitter, and extremely earthy flavor. With just a few strokes to go, he pulled out. "That was so good. I've never had a blowjob that got me ready to cum so fast." Despite the feeling of accomplishment I felt, it was the trembling in my pussy that had my immediate attention. 

I stood up and laid back across the bed, my legs spread wide, but my feet on the floor. "I'm so hot right now, just a couple strokes and I'm there. Put it in and finish us both," I whispered almost desperately. 

"I can't," he trembled. " I don't have a condom. I just didn't think this would happen tonight."

I moved back into the middle of the bed. "Then 69 it is!! You on bottom." He frantically climbed into bed and laid flat, except for his dick that pointed straight up. I knelt by his head, facing his feet. I bent down, and put his dick back into my mouth. It took a few seconds, but his tongue finally landed on my waiting clit. It didn't take long, and soon I was cumming. It was wave after wave of pleasure that rocked my entire body, and made my pussy widely spasm. I must have cum for over a minute, but I continued to suck him as I came. 

Just as I finished, I heard a desperate plea of "I'm cumming." I barely had time to get my mouth off his dick, and he came in massive spurts that flew completely off the bed. After he was done, I took his penis back into my mouth and gave him a couple more oral strokes. The strong, pungent flavor of his cum filled my mouth and nose, and I spit his remaining jizz onto his stomach. And did I mention, I was completely satisfied. 

Over the next few months we had a lot more sex, and a lot more oral. He got lots of blowjobs when I was on my period, and he really seemed to enjoy those blowjob-only days!! 

Now, this is a guy that I want to hold onto, and I'll do almost anything to keep him. So, I made the "mistake" of asking him if there was anything I could do to make him happier. Without any hesitation, he responded, "On our blowjob-only days, I want to cum in your mouth." He looked almost as shocked as I did. He turned red, realizing just how fast that came out. "I mean, that's something that really excites me. You don't have to swallow, but its incredibly hot to think that you'll take my cum into your mouth. If you want, just spit it out, or, you could even dribble it back onto my stomach." 

I don't know where this came from, but I heard myself saying, "Sure, let's try it right now."

He laid down, ripped his pants off, and I went to work. It only takes him a couple minutes to come in full blowjob mode, and he was quickly reaching the point of explosion. As he was near popping, his strong flavor filled my mouth, and I started to dwell on the bitter taste. My mind raced with a fear I couldn't finish him, but I didn't think I could do this. But I promised, so I was going to try. I hear his desperate " I'm cumming", but this time I don't pull up. I feel his pelvis drive into the bed, and I feel a hard splash in the back of my throat. Some of his cum must have landed in my nasal cavity, because the taste and smell became overwhelming. I pulled up, frantically spitting his jizz from my mouth. 

I continued to cough as his next spurts landed uselessly on his stomach. "I'm so sorry," I said. "It just surprised me." And again, I don't know where this came from, but I heard myself saying "But let's try again tomorrow. "

I won't belabor this, but I tried to do this another 3 times, all with the same result. Every time, just before the end, I would get apprehensive and only take the first shot. We were both disappointed, but mostly me. Figuring I wasn't the only girl struggling with cum and swallowing, I went to Cosmo's website. And Cosmo delivered.

I was so excited that I called John at work, and told him to go the cafeteria and drink two cans of pineapple juice. That night at dinner, he got a third can. He was really intrigued about the juice, but I didn't tell him what I was doing. That night I gave him a handjob at dinner and had him do me doggie style while we watched a hockey game. Even though he protested, I rode him cowgirl at bed time. The next morning, another can of pineapple juice, and a handjob during breakfast. I needed to get all the bad tasting cum out of him!! I called him at lunch, and you guessed it, had him promise to drink two more cans of pineapple juice. 

When he came home from work, I met him at the door wearing only my boy-shorts. "Drop 'em. You're getting a blowjob." I couldn't tell if it was a smile, or if I intimidated him, but he had his pants off before the door closed. I took his hand and walked him to a big comfy chair in the living room. I took off his boxers and pushed him into the chair. "I want you to see this real good. I'm not going to waste a drop." Even without any manual stimulation, several drops of shiny liquid flowed from his penis. 

This blowjob wasn't about romance, this was about keeping my man happy. I dropped to my knees and sucked as fast and hard as I had ever sucked. He was groaning with pleasure, and I sensed he was getting close. As he neared orgasm, the flavor of his precum was again replaced, but this time with the soft flavor of citrus. This didn't make me want to stop, but made me want to take deeper, harder strokes. Within a few seconds, I heard his soft "I'm cumming". His pelvis drove to the chair, and I felt the strongest splash ever in my throat. I moved my head to the top of his penis, but did not let the head come out of my mouth. A second, third, and fourth spurt came into my mouth. The spurts stopped, but I could tell that jizz was still flowing. I had done it. Every drop was in my mouth. 

"Unbelievable" he whispered, obviously spent. At that cue, I pulled my lips over his rim and head, carefully clamping my lips shut as I raised up so as not to let any spill. I looked up at him, and looked deep into his eyes. Slowly, ever so slowly, I let the cum drip out of my mouth and onto his lap. When almost all of it was out of my mouth, I leaned my head back, and deeply swallowed. He gave out the most incredible and satisfied sigh. 

My fiancé and I still have the greatest sex ever, and he's spending a lot more time going down on me, but its his BJ-only nights that send him over the top. Now I can't say that his cum is my top-10 flavor list yet, but it ain't bad!!

Pineapple juice. It's all about the pineapple juice.