 I was thirty-one, single, and running an upscale shopping center in Washington, D.C. I was also in a long-distance relationship with my French-Polish girlfriend, Yvonne, who was almost a decade younger than me, finishing up her undergraduate studies at Princeton in Central Jersey.

Yvonne and I were able to get together, on the average, about every other weekend. When we did, our fucking sessions made bunnies envious. We never visited the site of the nation's capital, nor toured the stately Ivy League campus.

We just fucked and sucked. And I couldn't help but notice that with each passing weekend, Yvonne's oral skills were becoming more and more talented. Not that I minded, after all, I was the recipient. But I couldn't help but wonder where, and on whom, she was practicing her new-found oral skills.

For those of you who don't pay attention to such matters, the District of Columbia, by any measure, is a great place for a young, single guy to reside. The area has a greater ratio of single women to single men than any other metropolitan market in the country. I have my own theory on why, and granted, it's a bit simplistic, and it's not just the transient nature of the government-based job market.

So many of these women are career-oriented first and foremost. They are upwardly mobile to the point of being one-dimensional. Sex, in many cases, is an afterthought to them. They are busy honing networking and honing their crafts and worrying about getting on the next A-list party invitations.

Then there was Annie O' Donnell. Annie was pretty much singularly interested in furthering her craft as an accomplished cock sucker. She was savvy enough to realize that in a city of Magna Cum Laudas and prima donnas, men ultimately didn't care about a woman's political ladder-climbing. No matter how rich or powerful they may be, men only really want a woman who would suck the phallic symbol that is the Washington Monument.

So that brings me to how Annie and I, um, met.

My marketing director in the Mall had recently hired a third-party concierge vendor to run our customer service office, which was placed in a vacant shop in the common area. I let the marketing people attend to all the details, and it wasn't until the second week of the concierge's operation that I even noticed Annie.

I was down the hall in the conference room of our office on the lower level when I saw the mini-skirted redhead with the great gams walk into the copy room. I only saw her from behind at first, but that was a good enough view to make me muse, "Well, what have we here? Where the fuck did THIS come from?"

I could have easily gone and introduced myself, but instead, I went down the hall and whispered to our office manager, Carolyn, an older black woman with a matronly manner, "Um, who is that in the copy room?"

She smiled at me in that knowing way that older women have when they know that a man is interested in another woman. "I was wondering when you were going to get around to asking." Carolyn called down the hall, "Oh, Annie, could you come here a moment, please? I'd like you to meet our Mall Manager." 

Giving Carolyn a dirty look, I turned and saw the front view. It was even better this way. Annie's bountiful tits were bouncing happily through a cranberry blouse, which attractively augmented her short, strawberry locks and crystal blue eyes. Oh, and freckles. Annie had freckles that made her look like a porn-style version of Little Orphan Annie. I couldn't help but notice that those freckles continued down her neck and onto her chest, which was framed by a push-up bra and three open buttons on the blouse.

She smiled at me in a very confident way. "Hello, Mr. Grabowski, I've been looking forward to meeting you. I understand you're originally from Philadelphia. So am I. Go Eagles!" She waved her arms like a cheerleader holding imaginary pom-poms while her real titty pom-poms jiggled up and down.

I wasn't much of an Eagles fan, but in that moment, I became a bigger one.

Carolyn saw my reaction and the look in my eye and quickly made sure that no one was going to do anything stupid here. Carolyn held out Annie's left hand and displayed the tiny diamond engagement ring on her finger. "Annie just got engaged, just last week, isn't that right, Annie?"

Annie smiled the smile of a newly-engaged woman who liked being the center of conversation. "Yep, but we haven't set a date yet." Annie looked at me with those birds-egg-blue eyes. "See, my Bradley lives in Raleigh and I don't get to see him that much. He's in law school. So we only see each other maybe once a month, twice at most."

She then surprised me by knowing my personal romantic situation. "I understand you're in a long-distance relationship, too, Mr. Grabowski. Any wedding plans in the future?"

Carolyn looked at me with a raised eyebrow. She was curious to hear my answer, too. "No, I, uh, I don't think so, Annie. We'll see how that goes. Annie, please, call me John. You're making me feel old."

I went back to my office, aware that I was half-hard. I loved redheads with big tits and nice legs. I'm sure that doesn't exactly put me in a minority, but if I had a type, well, Annie was the poster girl. I was pondering this when she stuck her head into my office.

"I'm going down to the Washington Harbor after work today for a drink. It's such a lovely day, and I won't be seeing Bradley this weekend." Was that a hint?

She looked at me intently, almost hungrily, her sunny demeanor turning sultry. Or was it my imagination?

Her voice was hushed now as she peeked back over her shoulder to make sure no one could overhear. "Come with me. I want you to come."

I smiled at her, my curiosity not being the only thing that was rising. "You'd like me to come, eh? Why is that?"

She almost whispered her response, pushing a strawberry lock off of her forehead, her eyes blazing into mine.

"Don't worry. I can be very discreet. And I really want you to.....come."

She emphasized that last verb, letting it linger in the air. It lingered in my mind for the rest of the day. 

I was more than intrigued as to what she pledged she could be discreet about, so, by six-thirty on a gorgeous September evening, I was searching the crowd at the outdoor bar of Tony and Joe's when I saw her in a corner, surrounded by two young lobbyist-looking types.

Annie had one knee raised and bent backwards, bracing herself against the outdoor wall of the restaurant which had a large roped-in bar area that sat along the banks of the Potomac River. The young hawks swooped in like they had found their meal for the evening, and Annie's large eyes lit up in a mixture of relief and surprise when she spotted me.

"Mister Gra.....I mean, John!" She squealed and burst through the yuppies and rushed towards me, gripping me in a tight bear hug. Before I knew it, Annie's hot and long tongue was snaking down my throat. After my initial shock, I realized she was letting go any time soon and I started kissing back. Hard. Annie could kiss, she had a great mouth.

She released the kiss looked me in the eyes, our faces just inches apart. She glanced over her shoulders to see the young future Congressmen slump their shoulders in resignation. Annie smiled and nuzzled on my ear, pressing her chest into mine. "Thank you for rescuing me. I'm so glad you decided to....." She hesitated again, her eyes shining. "........Come........."

She leaned into me again and opened her mouth. This time I was not only expecting it, but welcoming it. Our mouths danced and out tongues entwined and she pressed her nubile body into mine. We were smack in the middle of a packed bar and I, for one, was not oblivious to our audience, but neither did I care.

We continued to kiss with escalating passion while a crowd gathered around us, alternately egging us on and mocking us. "Get a room", came one cry. "Yeah, man, do her right here," came another. 

Reluctantly, I had to push her mouth away. We were both almost panting. Sheepishly, I looked around and held up my palms. "Show's over, folks, this is my cousin. We haven't seen each other in a while and we're a very close family."

This served the purposes of amusing the throng and we were soon forgotten as the masses went back to their primary task of getting picked up themselves.

Annie was still clinging to the lapel of my suit jacket, and pushing her hip into my swiftly growing crotch with less than subtle gyrations. I brushed her hair out of her eye and chuckled to her. "So much for discreet."

"You're right," she cooed in a sexy, come-put-me-to-bed-Daddy, little girl voice. "Let's go."

She tugged at my hand and tried to pull me through the crowd. "Whoa, whoa," I called out through the loud music. "I just got here. Where are you taking me?"

She stopped and leaned back and snuck her tongue between my lips again. Damn, what a mouth, what a kisser, I thought. She pulled off with a wicked grin that held no duplicity. "Somewhere more discreet. Did you drive down? Are you parked in the garage?"

I nodded and she led me through the exit as the bouncers called out merrily, "Have a good night, folks!" They had seen the act and one of the muscle boys patted me on the shoulder. "You're wise to get out of here, dude. That is one hot redhead there."

The Washington Harbor had an adjacent multi-level garage. As we waited for the elevator to reach the ground floor, we kissed again, this time with my hands roaming over Annie's soft, ample buttock. Although she was shapely and curvy, Annie had a rather broad backside for a twenty-five-year-old. But as a friend of mine once said, "Where big tits are, big asses soon follow."

The doors opened and a big crowd of bar goers stumbled out, but Annie didn't miss a beat, her tongue still tickling my tonsils as she moaned into my mouth with escalating fever.

We were alone in the cab for the time being, and Annie wrapped her calf around mine, essentially hooking her torso into my own like a Lego piece. I was parked on the top level, and on Level Three, four women got on the elevator. They were heading down, but hadn't noticed that this car was going up. In more ways than one.

Annie never wavered, still kissing me with a fiery intensity that only a horny redhead can evoke. My eyes were open now, and I surveyed the women. One was hotter than the next, and they were interested spectators to this public display of affection.

"Ooh, yeah, baby," said the leader of the pussy pack, as she observed Annie's hand grazing against my bulge. "You go, girl! I always wanted to do it in an elevator. Don't let us stop you. We won't tell."

The women hooted and hollered and one the leader, the hottest one, a comely brunette, a Jennifer Love Hewitt look-alike, even smacked me on the ass as we reached the top floor. "You sure you need to get off?" She yelled as the door closed. "Maybe we all want a piece, too!"

Annie winked at me when she heard this. "Now that's an interesting proposition, isn't it?" I filed that comment away for future consideration, but for now, I had momentarily lost my bearings.

I searched for the car and finally located it to the far right. "Um, can I ask where we're going?" Annie was still entwined on me like a strand of ivy on a tree.

She giggled, tugging me behind a large cement column that partially obscured the view from the rest of the parking level. "Right here, for now. This will have to do for discretion." She squatted in front of me and licked her lips. The look in her eyes was of a woman who needed to eat. And I was the meal.

Before I legitimately could fathom what was happening, Annie had unzipped the trousers of my suit pants and had extracted my cock, which was now harder than the cement pillars. My dick flopped out and smacked her on her rosy cheeks, and she purred like a content kitten as she swirled her face all around my shaft.

"Ohhhh, I think I'm in love." She gripped my pole in one manicured hand tightly and spit on my tip. I'd never had a woman do this before. She licked the saliva around the cock head and brought her head backwards so that a long strand of spittle dangled from my purple head to her bright pink lips.

"As if I didn't want you enough already, you have to be hung like a horse. I'm a lucky girl......" With that proclamation, Annie's full lips enveloped half of the length of my shaft in one hot sucking motion. I watched disbelievingly as her cheeks expanded and contracted as my cock pounded the inside of her mouth. 

She moaned and spit on my cock again. This was beyond heaven. Her mouth was simply magical, an oral contortionist, her tongue and lips flexing and massaging my shaft in incredibly pleasurable sensations.

A sound of a backfiring car snapped me back into the reality of where we were. Although Annie was blissfully unaware, there were cars passing by a few feet away. Inevitably, those drivers would find parking spots and they'd have to walk right by us. We'd be visible in the other direction. So, for perhaps the first time in my life, I grabbed the skull of a woman and pulled her OFF of my cock.

Annie looked at me forlornly like a puppy who had just had her chew toy taken away. "Did I do something wrong?" she whimpered. "Don't you like it?"

I pulled her up gently by her armpits. "Annie, it's...well, it's tremendous, but look around, we're out in the wide open." Annie wiped the excess saliva from her chin and shrugged. 

"Can we go to your place then?"

Laughing at this unabashed display of oral enthusiasm, I led her to my car. I couldn't help but ask her as she slid into the passenger seat. "What about your fiancee? Didn't you just get engaged last week?"

Annie maneuvered herself over the gap between the seats and lowered my zipper again, much to my disbelief. She was insatiably persistent.

"I figure three things. One, blow jobs aren't really cheating. Two, the more practice I get on someone I like, the more it will benefit my Bradley in the long run. And three, who's to know? I won't tell anybody if you won't. I wanted you from the moment I saw you, and you never even knew I existed."

I backed the car out of the space and wound our way down the spiral exit ramp. Annie again peeled my still-hard cock from my zipper hole and greased up her palm, stroking it to full hardness. She leered at me before going down on me. "I'll bet you'll give me the time of day now, won't you?"

We were approaching the toll booth. "Annie. Annie!! I need to pay the ticket. The collector will see us."

Annie's response was to suck on me with even greater intensity. I shrugged and eased up to the booth where a thin black woman was taking the money. I had no choice, I couldn't back up. There was a line behind me.

The woman didn't seem to notice at first as she collected the ticket. It wasn't until she handed me my change that her eyes widened as she saw Annie's red curls bobbing up and down on my lap like a jack-in-the-box. She gasped audibly, which Annie took as a cue to introduce herself.

"Hi," Annie said cheerily, raising her head. She pointed down proudly to my exposed tool, held tight in her grip, coated with a sheen of spit. "Isn't this a great dick?"

I have to admit, I was hooked at that point. Not only was it a turn-on that I had never realized to be watched while getting a hummer, it was also the fact that Annie expressed such admiration for my penis.

Although we fucked each other raw every other weekend or so, Yvonne never made any mention at all about her enjoyment of my equipment. I knew I was no slouch in the size department, and it was an ego boost to have it articulated to me by such an obvious connoisseur of cock.

I navigated my way down the traffic of M street while Annie continued to consume my dick like a ravenous feline. Her hair swished wildly, attracting the attention of more than one nearby vehicle. 

Annie was nonplussed, however. It was beginning to dawn on me that she actually welcomed an audience. More critical information to file for later.

I finally came while crossing over the 14th Street Bridge. Annie slurped every drop into her talented mouth, proving that she was efficiently tidy with her craft. That was another thing Yvonne never did. Swallow. I had always tried to rationalize it by thinking that it really didn't matter where the cum landed. It was the thought and the action that evoked the cum that mattered.

But, it matters. If you find a girl who swallows, you guys know that it matters. It's another rush that she loves to drink your cum. 

Annie never brought her head up even after I came. She continued to stroke me and purr contentedly even as my dick shrank back to a flaccid state. Again, Annie won big-time points with her next comment.

"Even when you're not hard, you're still bigger than just about any cock I've seen." I noticed while glancing down, trying to keep my attention on the perilously notorious Route 395 in Northern Virginia. Do you mind if I suck it back to life?"

No, somehow, I didn't mind.

The only sound in the car was her slurping and moaning. It was apparent that she was an aficionado of mobile blow jobs as I referred to them. (Again, something that Yvonne eschewed in the supposed name of safety. More bonus points for Annie O.)

As we motored past Glebe Road, I was almost fully resurrected. Annie murmured, "Is it true that guys lose their sense of direction when they're getting a blow job while driving?"

"If it were, Annie, we might end up in Alaska with as good as you are." My compliment was sincere. I'd had more than my share of blow jobs, but when a woman clearly enjoys it the way that Annie does, well, it doesn't get better than this.

She raised her head again to smile at me, a glazed angelic look in her eye. "Thank you, that's sweet. I AM good, aren't I?" 

There's nothing sexier than a cock-sure cock sucker. 

Somehow I made my way to my townhouse in Alexandria, off of Duke Street. I lived on the third floor and Annie and I groped and kissed as we stumbled up the stairs, her hand never leaving my cock, which was still pulled halfway out of my zipper hole.

I fumbled with the key while Annie's hand rambled over my pocket. When the door mercifully popped open, Annie spied the bathroom and raced there. "Gotta pee, be right back." She stopped before shutting the bathroom door. "You might as well get undressed. I'm going to be sucking your dick for awhile, in case you hadn't guessed."

Yeah, I had taken a wild guess.

I lay down on my queen-sized bed with the brass headboard. I made note of all the notches in the wall behind it which occurred while I was doing my best to bang Yvonne's brains out on a bi-weekly basis. My neighbor next door, polite middle-aged divorcee that he was, once told me he always knew when I had "company." I think he was jealous.

My dick twitched like a flag in a stiff breeze as Annie took her time in the bathroom. I could even hear her gurgling with my bottle of mouthwash. Twice.

She finally emerged wearing only her pink bra, which tenuously held what I estimated to be a big, floppy pair of 36D breasts, and a matching set of panties that barely covered a tangle of crimson pubic hair. The curtains definitely matched the drapes.

Mind you, this was 1992, long before the era of things or shaved pussies. Annie covered up her stomach bashfully. It was rather fleshy, she carried maybe about fifteen extra pounds of what I affectionately called "baby fat". So to distract me and focus my attention on her most impressive natural assets, she reached behind her and unclasped her bra hooks, and two massive pink missiles sprung from their holders.

She mashed the puppies together, emphasizing the softness and fullness. "What do you think of THESE?" she asked as she bounced to the bed.

I watched her pink panti-clad ass writhe on my mattress as her hips bucked violently while she sucked me. It appeared as if she was trying to dry hump herself to orgasm while she wriggled her head underneath my scrotum and began sucking on my balls while stroking my shaft with both hands.
