 I let you strip me first; for no particular reason other than it feels so much sexier for me to be naked and vulnerable in the arms of a fully dressed man who is anticipating and formulating in his mind his plans regarding what he is going to do with me, and to me. Our bodies press together. My nipple rings press against your pec's through the fabric of your T shirt. Your hands are on my ass, pulling me tightly to you, pressing your bulge against my freshly shaved and quickly dampening flesh. You partially lift me, bringing me to my does as you grind rough denim against my clit. Lightning bolts of passion race through my body as your hard cock sizes up the tight pussy it will soon be stretching and pummeling. Your fingers press into the cleft and I gasp as the tip of your middle finger pushes into my tight anal opening, just to let me know that if you decide to take me there you won't ask. You will simply force your swollen cock inside and use my ass for your pleasure; just as you are about to use my pussy for your pleasure. 

First, however, there are other tasks to perform. I feel your hands on my shoulders as you push me to my knees. I would go willingly, but it's so much hotter to be pushed. I rub my face over your bulge and bring my hands to press against the front of your jeans, as if in worship. I love sucking. I think I like sucking even more than feeling that hard, throbbing cock deep inside me. My hands slide up and I unfasten your belt, leaving it to hang open. I pull on the fabric of your jeans to take pressure off the button. The button slides through the hole and they are unfastened. My finger and thumb grip the zipper and I lower it. As I do, your hardening cock tents your boxers and falls against my face. I lean in and mouth it through the material of your boxers as I slowly work your jeans off your hips. I can feel the heat from it in my mouth.

Your jeans are carefully lowered down your legs and you step out of them as I hold the denim. Now I slide back up, trailing my tongue along the inside of your thigh from your knee to the bottom of your boxers. Your hard cock presses against the fabric as I rub first my face and then my breasts over it. I still don't look up at you. My focus is on your cock. I bite the waistband of your boxers and pull out and down. The hot tip of your cock is exposed I pull the elastic over it. Without using my hands, only using my teeth, I drag your boxers down until they fall at your ankles. As you step out of them, I sit back on my heels, look up at you and smile.

I begin by leaning forward and slowly dragging my tongue over your balls to the underside of your cock, and then along the length of you, keeping my tongue flat and following the large tubal vein at the underside of your cock. I can feel the heat of your body against my tongue and taste the saltiness of your sweat. My tongue remains flattened against you as I drag it over the sensitive ridge to your glans. I feel you shudder at this, but it's only the beginning. I repeat the process, starting slightly to the right of the wet trail of my saliva and lick slowly over your balls and up your shaft. I turn my head slightly to wet the side of your cock this time. When I complete the third lick, your balls and your cock glisten with a thin sheen of my saliva. 

I reach to you and pull your cock down slightly. I love the way it stands on its own, rock hard, ready to fuck me. My lips greet the tip of it as I kiss it gently. My lips part and my tongue explores the opening, affording me the first taste of your pre-cum. I pull my hair back with both hands and look up at you. My eyes meet yours. I want to watch your eyes as I very slowly begin to suck you into my mouth. You watch as the tip of your cock slides into my mouth and the shaft slowly follows. I can see the expression on your face as I slowly take your thick cock into my mouth, all the way to the back of my throat. I let you gag me with it, but just enough. When I pull back I open my mouth to leave a thin strand of saliva connecting your cock with my mouth. I can tell by your reaction that you enjoy that image as much as I do.

I reach out and wrap my hand around that hard shaft. It feels nice and thick; almost too thick. I begin to work my mouth up and down on the shaft while stroking you with a twisting motion. My saliva coats your flesh and I work it in with my fingers as I suck you. My tongue remains against the underside of your shaft as I bob my head on you. I can taste the dripping of your pre-cum on my tongue. I feel your fingers in my hair as your hands lightly grip my head. This feels so good; so hot. I could almost cum just from sucking you like this.

Your groans get louder and your pre-cum lingers on my taste buds. I pull off you now and reach into my purse. My fingers slowly stroke you, not letting you cool off and not taking you closer to the edge. I slide down lower and place a pinch of Pop Rocks in my mouth as I suck on your balls. The pop rocks fizzle and zing over you, in what I like to call "Space Balls." I can tell by your reaction that it's had the desired effect. Maybe you've experienced something like that before, maybe not. As far as I know, I thought of it.

I unwrap a Halls and slip it under my tongue, then grab some crushed ice from my drink. I go down on you again, this time with the cold ice in my mouth. The effect is predictable. Your erection fades and the urge to cum subsides. This is only temporary. As the ice melts, I roll the Halls up from under my tongue and continue. In no time the heat from the cough drop and the textures of my mouth have you raging hard again. I call that technique "Fire and Ice." Again, I'm pretty sure I'm not the first to try it because there is very little new when it comes to sex, but I discovered it on my own.

I look up into your eyes as my tongue flicks lightly over the tip of your cock. It's a delightful tease, though the look in your eyes makes it plain that I will soon have to pay for that tease. My hand moves slowly along your shaft as my tongue gently traces over your glans. I place gentle, teasing kisses over the tip and then finally take you deep in my mouth again. When I feel you cock against the back of my throat, nearly gagging me, I swallow hard and force the tip of your dick into my throat.

I've been preparing for this sensation. The feel of a hard cock in my throat is not exactly foreign to me. Still, most guys aren't as thick as you are. I feel my eyes watering and I know my face is flushed. I pull back and cough. Nope. This isn't happening without a little help.

I'm glad I didn't get pulled over on the way here, because the only thing I have in my purse is my wallet with my ID and my "acsexeries." One such acsexerie is a bottle of Wild Cherry flavored lubricant. I don't want you thin k I can't deep throat you even if I can't, so I pour the lube between my breasts and begin to stroke you with my 34C's. My fingertips hold your cock between the mounds of flesh which I push over you and my tongue lovingly caresses the tip after every few strokes. This also lets me control the pace of things, slowing down even though your cock is throbbing and hard enough to drive nails with.

I lean back to give you a good view and for a few minutes you have the erotic show of your cock fucking my breasts. In the mean time, it is getting coated with the slick lube, which was, of course, my objective. I take a long slow lick across the tip of your cock and coat my tongue with a thick line of your pre-cum. Of course I HAVE to show it to you. It's too hot not to share.

When your cock is thoroughly slicked by a mixture of flavored oil and saliva, I return it to my mouth. Again I swallow and force it into my throat, though this time I work it deeper. I feel the intense feeling of my throat being stuffed and stretched, and I fight the natural gag reflex that demands I remove the obstruction. When I do pull back it's only to get a breath. Again I swallow your cock and force it deeper into my throat, taking the length of you this time. My nose presses against your pelvis as your cock throbs, tightly encased in my throat. I breathe through my nose but even that is difficult until I pull back. Your hands grip my head as you push your cock deeper again. 

It takes concentration to keep relaxed as you thrust your cock back and forth in my throat. Your hands grip my head and hold me securely as you thrust with your hips. As I feel you taking control I put my hands submissively behind my back. I can feel your body tense as you mouth fuck me. Your hard cock pulses in my throat. You tell me that you're going to cum, but I already know that. I pull back, hold the tip of your cock in my mouth and shake me head. My long red hair lashes against your thighs. My hand grips your hard cock and I stroke you as you thrust into my mouth. Your hands hold the back of my head as you give out a loud groan. You're going to hold me on you; make me take your cum in my mouth. I had no intention of pulling away.

The first splash of cum hits the back of my throat. It's hot and thick, just the way I like it. I stoke you as you fuck me mouth and continue to ejaculate. Wave after wave of hot, delicious cum jets out of your thick cock and splashes into my mouth. I pull back just enough so that there is room in my mouth or the entire load. When your climax is complete, your cock is at my lips and my mouth is full. I lean back and look up at you, and then begin to blow cum bubbles with the fluid in my mouth. For a moment I simply play with it, giving you a show that I hope is erotic. Finally I close my mouth and swallow it, opening again to show you that it's gone.

You reach down and take me by the hand, gently pulling me to my feet. "My turn," you whisper to me. You lead me to the bed and gently push me down on my back. I know that your incredible tongue and fingers are going to bring me to multiple orgasms, and that cock of yours is going to reward my efforts by pounding my pussy and my ass mercilessly. I moan in anticipation. I can hardly wait.