 I sit, waiting for you, listening to the rain pelt the windows outside. Seated on the bed, completely naked laying beneath cool, clean cotton sheets, my stiff harness swelling, twitching, poking out from underneath, seeming to pull arousal from the very air itself. I wait for you, in the bathroom, the light sneaking in from under the door, the scent of subtle perfume wafting in. I lean my head back and breath in deeply, touching myself beneath the covers, willing you with my mind to hurry...

You emerge from the bathroom, wearing about as much as I am. Nothing, really, just a satin slip whose minuscule straps hang on your shoulders, draping the silver on your smooth, scented skin. The slip barely covers your ass, or your crotch for that matter. You walk calmly to the bed, smiling as you see my cock at attention, reaching over to pat it on the tip.

"For me?" You smile wide, your eyes almost dreamy. 

I nod, pulling the sheets over myself, exposing my manhood to you, as you settle on the bed nest to me. You're on your hands and knees, one hand bracing yourself on the far side of the mattress, the other hand caressing my cock, playing over it with your fingertips...

You take it in hand, stroking it firmly, rubbing the skin along my shaft up and down, licking my head with the tip of your tongue, as I reach out and caress your pale, firm asscheek. You didn't bother with underwear tonight; how considerate. You're a wonderful woman, so sweet and yet strong, but in the bedroom...you're a brutal slut, the dirtiest kind...the kind that loves dick.

I run my hand up the small of your back while you jerk me off, sliding it back down to grab a large piece of your pale ass, feeling a hint of moisture at my fingertips. The first impact of my palm on your ass startles you, a loud crack! against your skin that vibrates across your butt and to that fast moistening pussy...another smack, and another, and your mouth pops open, your eyes clamp shut, and your grip on me tightens...

I smile, and lean forward to stick my fingers inside that now dripping cunt of yours, sliding two in slowly, making sure to wiggle them in your tight snatch...

You moan a bit...and then a bit more, leaning forward and then pressing back, breathing heavily as you slide yourself onto my hand. I flex my wrist, fucking you with my fingers, faster and faster while your grip on my shaft relaxes. In no time, you give up, with a muted, grunted "Fuck...." And you lean forward, both hands before you now, legs spread to take my hand in.

Your soft moans are as powerful as the voice of God himself, and I roll my head and screw my eyes shut to control my own level of arousal. You buck your hips back and forth slowly, rubbing it up and down my fingers. I slide a third finger inside, a bit much really, but you don't stop me, instead grunting like an animal, biting your lower lip and easing my hand deeper in...

An animal. That's what we become in bed, it's why I work so hard at fucking you so good...you unleash something feral and primal inside me, a caged beast that you have the key to, tucked deep inside you own sex. Your pussy walls tighten around my fingers, forcing me to finger fuck you faster, twisting my hand and scraping down to brush that sweet G-Spot of yours. You respond like a good girl, moaning loudly and lowing yourself to my legs, resting your chest on me to take your breasts in hand and tease your nipples.

You drip buckets of warm, spicy/sweet sex all over me, as I finger fuck that wet pussy, reaching forward to take your soft tits into my hands and squeeze them, wiggle them and tease your nipples with my fingers. You burry your mouth into the flesh of my abdomen, biting hard on my hipbone and screaming out around it. I pull out and smack your ass again, teasing you, making your creamy white flesh red and sore, grabbing it and shaking it in my hands...

You're such a very bad girl, and for that you get such a very lovely reward. I finger your tender cunt again, sliding my pinky forward to brush up against your clit. And after your pussy knows the touch of my hand, I pull out one finger, dripping and sticky, and slide it so slowly, wiggling it down your tight, hot asshole. Just a little bit at a time, slowly. Don't tense up, baby, just take it like I know you want it...

I know you enjoy my slow fucking you with my hand, sliding in and out on your knees before me, feeling the pillar of stiff flesh between my legs on your skin. 

"Having fun, my dear?"

You can barely think, but manage a weak, "Mmm....you know my nipples are rock hard....and my pussy is so wet now..."

I smile wide, feeling accomplished...but it's only fun to tease if there is a reward at the end. I pull those fingers out, rolling you over and pushing you to the floor by the bed. I'm so fucking hot I could easily cum in your mouth right now, but that would be utterly selfish, wouldn't it? I guess we'll see how I feel, as I set my cock against your lips, making you suck it, getting it nice and cool with your saliva in the chill air.

You lick my tip, and up and down the shaft, taking me into your mouth as you play with my sack, so full of cum for your pretty face. I lean back, taking in the feeling and as I look back down, I order you to look up at me, your piercing green eyes glaring up over my cock as you take me all the way into your mouth, bobbing up and down on me...

I can feel it coming now, that cold feeling at the base of my penis, and you can feel it to as my head twitches and grows a bit in your mouth...

"You want me to cum down your throat, Eve? Or deep in that pussy you're rubbing?"

You cant answer, so filled your mouth is with me. I decide neither, as I have a much better place in mind for my load. I reach down to rub your breasts, rolling your nipples in my fingers again briefly before I take a fist full of hair at the base of your skull and force you to fuck my mouth faster, no time for tongue play, just your wet, soft cheeks.

"You're so fucking hot, Eve...you make me so hard, you dirty slut."

You are a dirty slut, right? I mean, you are a cumslut who likes seeing and feeling my warm cock and will do anything it takes to coax that hot cum from me, right? I slow down just a bit, letting you lick up and down the bottom of my shaft, not pulling out too much, before I release your hair and push you back. Your hand find the floor and you lay, propped up before me.

I take myself in hand and stroke my cock for you, squatting down to jerk it right in your face, sliding the tip along your cheek while you finger your aching pussy. I know you want this big dick up there, but I'm going to cum so soon...

I slide the cock head across your lips, the purple tip looking like a blood vessel burst in there from my hard stroking. Some wetness gets on your lips and you lick it up like a good, dirty girl, as I kneel down to rub myself against your breasts...

"I'm gunna cum, Eve!" 

You pull your hand up from your clit to kneed my balls as I spew warm cum all over those nice tits, moaning loudly as I do. You take over the stroking and don't stop up until every drop of semen is either on your chest or dribbling onto your hand, which you lap up, before taking my cock into your mouth to suck the last droplet's of cum from it, moaning softly. It feels so good, like you're sucking my essence through a straw. 

After licking my cock clean, you rub that cum all over your breasts and in a moment of inspiration, lick it off yourself. All for me, a lovely show, really. I kiss you again, tasting my sex on your breath, grateful for the blowjob and thinking of nasty ways to repay you...