 Kari looked up from her notes in surprise when her cell phone went off. "Excuse me." She apologized, digging through her purse for the small, silver phone currently playing 'It's Raining Men' loud enough to be heard in a noisy mall. "This is Kari." She said in a hushed voice as soon as she had answered the call.

"What are you wearing?"

"Pardon me?" She could feel the blush creeping over her checks and glanced up to see if anyone was watching her exchange.

"I had the great dream of you in a purple garter belt—" 

Kari shifted uncomfortably in her seat. Just the sound of his voice was enough to get her aroused. "Uhm, I'm in a staff meeting right now." 

Jesse chuckled softly on the other end. "So I suppose this is a bad time to tell you what you did to me in my dream while you were wearing that purple garter belt?"

Kari looked up at the department head droning on about finances. But with Jesse on the phone she knew that any hopes she had at focusing on work were long gone now. "I'm sorry but I have to take this...it's a call from home." She gathered up her notebook and headed out of the room before anyone could stop her. "You know, when I said call me I didn't mean for phone sex in the middle of a staff meeting." She whispered as she headed down the hall to her office.

"Sorry, but I just woke up with this aching hard-on and you in purple lace in my head." 

Kari glanced down at her watch and realized it was almost noon there. "Just woke up? Must be nice." 

"It would've been nicer if I could've woke up and slid my cock into your tight, wet pussy." His deep voice sent shivers down her spine and she stepped up the pace to get to someplace relatively private to continue this conversation.

Kari swallowed hard. There was no way she could disagree with that statement. "You would've made me miss my staff meeting." She said, closing the door to her office and leaning against it weakly.

Again he laughed that soft, sexy laugh that made her wet. "I think maybe I did anyway." 

"It was a boring meeting anyhow." She assured him.

"So I woke up with my cock rock hard and I was thinking about you as I slid my hand up and down the length and I got to thinking about your under things." 

Kari moaned, her hand unconsciously wandering up under her skirt to rub idly against her panties.

"And I realized that everything happened between us so fast that I have no idea what kind of sexy lingerie you have." Jesse paused for a moment, lost in his own arousal as well. "I have a particular weakness for lacy, naughty little under things."

Kari's fingers snuck past her very un-sexy pink cotton panties and brushed over her stiff little nub. "I have a few things that you might like."

"Tell me about them." He urged. 

She could imagine his hand sliding slowly up and down the length of his stiff cock and she licked her lips, remembering how he felt in her mouth. "Uhm...I have this black bustier that I bought a couple years ago for a Christmas party dress...it sort of pushes my tits up...you know the tits you like so well...and puts them right OUT THERE...and all presented with a pretty little black satin bow."

Jesse groaned. "Oh that sounds hot." 

"And I have these great black stocking that I wear with it....with seams up the back." Kari continued, sliding a finger into her wet little box. "God those look sexy with a pair of black stilettos."

"Oh fuck yeah." His voice sounded strained.

She closed her eyes for a moment and worked a rhythm on her clit. "But the one I'm sure you'd like best is a red lace bra that you can see right through. Every time I wear it my nipples get so hard..." Kari slid down the wall until she was seated on the floor, her legs spread wide. "I can just imagine your tongue working my nipples right through the lace. I can feel your teeth grazing over them...God, such sweet torture..."

"Kari, where are you now?" Jesse asked urgently.

"Not in my meeting, that's for damned sure." 

"I want you to touch yourself for me." He continued. "Let your hands be my hands."

"Babe, right about now you're about up to your elbow in my juices." She assured him.

He let go a strangled groan and it was her turn to chuckle softly. "Did I mention that the red bra has a matching garter belt?"

"Oh damn!"

Kari fucked herself harder now with two fingers. "The garter has this little satin rose right—"

"Oh fuck, Kari." 

Kari knew he was close because she was right there with him, so she went in for the kill. "And I like to wear white stockings with it...kind of virginal....but whorish all at the same time."

Jesse grunted and she could imagine the cum spurting from the tip of his cock, splashing over his abs of steel. Kari felt her muscles tighten and clamped down on her hand, taking that last little leap over the edge and cumming all over her fingers.

"Oh that was good." Jesse groaned. Kari had the darndest urge to curl up next to the phone and snuggle. 

"Although next time it'd be much better if I wasn't at work." Kari remarked as a noisily gaggle of girls walked past her office door.

"Okay, I can see how that might be a problem." He agreed laughingly. "What do you say to Sezchuan on Saturday night?"

"You want to have phone sex while you eat Kung Pao?" 

"Well, I suppose we could have phone sex," Jesse hesitated for a moment. "But I was thinking more along the lines of real sex and carry out."

Kari stared stupidly at a spot on her carpet for a minute as the realization sunk in. "You got the job?" She concluded.

"Actually, there was a message waiting for me when I got home." He told her. "But I had to take some time and decide if I was accepting it for the right reasons or letting my dick rule my life."

"And are you?"

"Making the right decision in moving half way across the country for a job?" He asked. "Yes. I applied for it in the first place because it was a great opportunity." Jesse chuckled softly. "But I will admit that the fringe benefits make it even more appealing."

"So, you're thinking with both heads." Kari concluded with a smile in her voice.

"Don't all men?" He returned. "So, is Szechuan okay with you?"

"Oh yeah...I love it." 

"Excellent. I'll be there at seven Saturday night with enough Kung Pao to keep our energy up the rest of the weekend."

"That's going to be one helluva big order." She purred in what she hoped was a sexy voice.

Jesse moaned appreciatively into the phone. "Maybe I should change that to seven in the morning."

"Can't. I'll be out shopping for lingerie." Kari teased. "See you Saturday night." She disconnected the call and smiled at the potted ficus on the floor next to her and added "Lots of lingerie."

******

Jesse took a deep breath and pressed the apartment buzzer. He knew he was early, but he couldn't wait any longer. He had been in town since Thursday, but he had to wait until he got his dad on the plane and heading home this afternoon before he came to see Kari. Somehow he knew Dad would take one look at them together and know that he was fucking her. And he really wasn't ready to answer the questions that would inevitably come with that discovery. Especially since he had no idea what the answers were to those questions.

"Hello?" Kari's voice crackled over the intercom system and he felt an immediate response in his lower extremities.

"Won Hung Lows...I have a delivery for you." 

He could hear Kari chuckle at his very bad Chinese impression. "I thought my dinner wasn't supposed to arrive until seven."

"They said you were very hungry." 

"I am." She agreed, hitting the buzzer to let him enter. "Just not for food."

Jesse groaned and hit the door running. It was a damned good thing Chinese food reheated well. He sprinted up the stairs and found her waiting in her bathrobe in the doorway, her hair in damp tendrils around her face. Damn but she looked good enough to eat. "I'm pretty sure I've got something here that'll satisfy you." 

Kari laughed at the box of food in his arms. "You really weren't kidding when you said you'd get enough food to keep our energy up."

"I wasn't sure what you liked." He explained, following her into the kitchen and depositing the food on the counter. 

"So you got one of everything?"

"Something like that." Jesse agreed, turning to her and pulling her against him for a deep, tongue-filled kiss.

"Oh yeah." She murmured, tugging his t-shirt out of his jeans. "That is exactly what I'm hungry for."

Jesse untied her robe and found her dressed in the purple bra, garter belt and matching stockings of his fantasies. "Oh you are too good to me." His hands slid over the lace cupping her full breasts invitingly. 

"I actually had a more elaborate seduction planned, but since you're early you'll have to settle for this for now." Kari's hands expertly undid his button-fly. 

"If this is 'settling for' I cannot wait to see what else is in store for the weekend." He pushed the robe off of her shoulders and nibbled down her neck to her freckled shoulder. 

"A large, messy exchange of bodily fluids." She summarized with a playful wink. "Think you're up to it, hun?"

"Let me show you just how 'Up' to it I am." Jesse quickly shed his clothes and led her into the living room. He took a seat on the couch and pulled her onto his lap. "Damn you look good enough to eat." 

"I am." Kari assured him, rubbing teasingly against his throbbing cock. 

Jesse moaned low in the back of his throat and eased the lace covering off one of her breasts. "I want you just like this." His tongue laved at her stiff pink nipple. "Wearing the purple." He pulled the nipple between his lips and nipped lightly. "Right here on the couch." 

Kari's hand wrapped around his cock and repositioned him before impaling herself on his swollen staff. "Oh yeah." She moaned into his mouth, kissing him hungrily. "But only if you're planning on fucking me hard." She raised herself up so that only the knob was still inside of her. "Very hard." Kari sunk back down onto him and he could already see the stars exploding behind his eyelids.

"I don't think I'm capable of anything less right about how." Fingers digging into her hips, Jesse thrust rapidly up into her, watching her luscious purple-clad breasts bouncing invitingly in front of his face. He leaned forward and managed to snag a nipple between his lips, sucking hard enough to send her screaming over the edge of her first orgasm. He felt her muscles tighten around his cock and tried desperately to hold out a little longer, but it felt too damned good. Jesse moaned before pumping shot after hot shot of cum up into her. 

"Ohmigod that felt good." Kari panted against his mouth, giving him a long, leisurely kiss once the tremors subsided. 

"Is this how you tip all of your delivery boys?" Jesse teased, burrowing his face into her ample chest simply because he could.

"Only the ones with the really big packages." She giggled and he could feel vibration at the base of his cock. 

"Flattery will get you everywhere." Jesse's hands slid down her back, his fingers encountering the garter belt and gently tracing the straps down over her buttocks to meet the top of her stockings. "That and unbelievably sexy under things."

"It was just my little way of showing you that I'm glad you got the job here." Kari winked at him playfully. "And now that I've had my appetizer I'm ready for food." She eased off of him and stood in front of him, a vision in purple lace. "You stay here...I'll be right back."

He watched her heart-shaped bottom sway invitingly as she walked away and felt his cock stir in response. Good didn't begin to describe how it felt to fuck Kari. Hell, even 'Great' was a gross understatement. He would've moved half way across the planet for sex this good, tits that perfect. The job of his dreams was just a nice plus.

Kari came back clad in his t-shirt, purple garters peaking out from beneath, and a tray of food in her hands. She deposited it on the coffee table and snagged the two open beer bottles, handing one to him before she sat down next to him on the couch. "So, what's new with you?" She asked with a playful smile, sipping from the long-neck bottle in her hands.

Jesse chuckled and reached for a fork and a carton of fried rice, filling her in briefly on the events that had led up to his return here this evening. "So Dad took a couple of days off and helped me drive a U-Haul full of my meager possessions out here." He offered her a fork full of rice. "I think he just wanted to check it all out and make sure I would be okay."

Smiling, Kari let him feed her the rice. "You know you could've stayed here and looked for a place instead of renting something sight unseen on the internet." She said, reaching over and fishing a Crab Rangoon out of another carton.

"And be another General Gingivitis to you? No." He shook his head and took a drink of his own beer. "Thank you very much just the same."

Kari laughed at the new nickname for her ex-boyfriend the two-timing dentist. "Do you spend your free time thinking up new names for him?"

"What can I say?" Jesse shrugged, finishing another mouthful of rice before answering. "It was a long drive."

She leaned in and dropped a kiss on his cheek. "Thank you for not freeloading." 

"But don't be offended if I don't have you over to christen the new digs right away." He took a bite of the Rangoon she held out to him. "At least until I replace the twin bed with something roomy enough to accommodate our needs."

The look Kari gave him was pure sin. "Wall-to-wall mattresses?" She leaned into him and rubbed her breasts against him invitingly.

Oh yeah, he was definitely glad that he got the job here too.

******

Kari sprinted up the steps from the subway, still annoyed that her meeting had run over as long as it had. She should have had more than enough time to go home and change into something comfortable instead of showing up in full teacher attire, which she liked to wear when she met with her department head. She was sure that her stodgy superior would never take her seriously if she was dressed like one of the students. 

Jesse was standing in front of the Cineplex, looking yummy in a pair of faded jeans and a polo shirt. And knowing what delicacies lay beneath was enough to make her breath catch. The man certainly knew how to use his God-given attributes to please a woman. His eyes locked with hers and, almost as if he knew what she was thinking, he smiled that sexy smile that made her panties wet.

"You look great." He said by way of a greeting, meeting her half way down the sidewalk. His arm slid around her waist and he dropped a warm kiss on her surprised mouth. Before pulling away his tongue caressed her lower lip and her nipples hardened almost painfully.

Kari had been more than a little surprised when he called last night and asked her out to the movies. She had fought her 'inner female' all day and convinced herself that his interest in her company tonight was strictly for companionship and not an actual date, but the kiss he had just given her was far from being just friendly. "Sorry I'm late. I got stuck in a meeting with my department head." Her voice was surprisingly breathless.

"No problem." Jesse led her toward the theatre, his arm still around her. "I've only been here a few minutes myself." 

Why did she suddenly feel as nervous as a virgin on her wedding night? It wasn't like she didn't already know Jesse...intimately. "So, uhm, how was the first week on the job?" She inquired, noting as he handed the tickets to the usher that he had been here at least long enough to purchase their tickets. 

"By Monday afternoon I was pretty sure that they had made a mistake and meant to hire the other guy who actually had some skill in this area." Jesse grimaced. "But I decided if I applied myself and made it through the week I'd reward myself."

Kari smiled, pleased that he seemed to have succeeded in sticking out his first week. "And what are you going to reward yourself with?"

His mouth briefly covered hers again. "You." 

Oh she was sure that somehow her feminist side should be insulted, but right about now Kari couldn't have been more delighted with his response. "If that's the case I hope they made you CEO by Friday."

Jesse put his head back and laughed. "Not quite, but it is on my agenda for next week."

They got drinks and popcorn and settled in near the back of the theatre for the movie, but she was having a hell of a time paying attention to the images flashing across the screen. Especially when he smelled so good and felt so warm next to her. Idly Kari ran her hand up his thigh, grinning to herself when she found his button-fly straining over his stiff cock. Well, at least she wasn't the only one turned on here tonight.

Feigning interest in the movie, Kari slowly popped open each button, her fingers caressing the newly exposed territory along the way. Once she had his fly open all the way she eased her fingers into his boxer briefs and grasped the power tool that suddenly buzzed to life at her touch. She squeezed gently and started to slide her hand up and down his hard-on.

Her eyes covertly studied the area and there was no one close enough to realize what she was about to do to Jesse. Kari licked her lips in anticipation and worked his rod until she felt the moisture at the tip. She stole a quick glance and him and saw his attention fixed on the screen, the muscle working rapidly along his jaw the only indication that he was aware of her ministrations. Silently she slid her purse off her lap and set it on the floor so it would look to any passers by like she was reaching into her bag for something before lowering her head to his lap and wrapping her mouth around his cock. Kari knew by the way he bucked up that he hadn't been expecting a blowjob. Hell, it hadn't been her intention to give him one here, either.

Since she couldn't do much bobbing up and down without attracting attention Kari instead used a more creative variety of sucking and licking. God she loved the taste of him, the steely satin feel of his cock against her tongue. Until she felt the muscles of his thigh tighten beneath her she hadn't even been sure if this modified blowjob was working. But then his hand buried in her hair and she heard a small grunt before the first surge of cum shot down her throat. Swallowing, Kari stayed with him until the last surge before reluctantly sitting up again in the seat next to his. 

Jesse looked at her gratefully, wiping a string of cum from her lip with his thumb. Kari's tongue snaked out and lapped at it, grinning at his open-mouthed response. "Let's get out of here." He whispered, hastily refastening his jeans.

"But the movie's not over yet." She returned innocently, reaching across him for a handful of popcorn.

"Movie? What movie?" He caught her earlobe between his teeth and bit down gently. "How am I supposed to watch a movie when I want to fuck you so badly I can't hardly see straight?" His voice was low and urgent in her ear and the sudden need he kindled raced like wildfire through her body.

Okay. She was convinced. Besides, it wasn't exactly like she had any idea what was happening on the screen anyway. Kari stood up and slid out of the theatre with Jesse close at her heels. "Your place or mine?" She asked as soon as they hit the sidewalk outside.

"Mine's closer." Jesse took her hand and led her in the opposite direction of the subway. "We'll just have to make do with the twin bed for now." Kari didn't say anything but she thought that sounded perfect. "We'll go shopping for something bigger tomorrow."

"There's a bedding place next to the lingerie shop." She told him, a mischievous grin dancing on her face. "Talk about brilliant marketing strategies."
