 This continues from "The Big Tease". After a morning sail during which Emily flaunted herself at Sam and a swim off the boat, we left them pashing while holding onto the boarding ladder...

Our lips and tongues had been wrestling again. But then he pulled away. Our legs were still intertwined, his shaft still between my thighs. Releasing his grip on the ladder and floating free, his hands slid down to my waist and started to fiddle out the side ties of my bikini. Without anything to hold on to, the movement of his cock against my clit had become a bouncy one as he rocked up and down with each wave.

I thought he was about to penetrate me. I hesitated to protest; I was so, so wanting that too. But the delay was fortuitous. As he pulled my bikini bottoms off me, he tossed it on the platform and swung me around so my back was square to the ladder, withdrawing away from me as he lifted my legs to the surface. Once my feet were in his hands, he spread them apart and moved his head up between my legs. I realised. OMG he's about to give me head; here, in the water.

I put both hands on the ladder behind my head and floated myself to the surface, spreading my legs apart. And then his tongue was on my clit, licking it at first, then his lips gently sucked it in, his tongue still playing over it. I lost my balance concentrating too hard on the pleasure and my hips started to sink, his head disappearing under the water too; but still his tongue played against it.

In fear of drowning him, I took a big breath in, inflating myself to bring me fully back to the surface and then just lay my head back in the water and let him do what he would. I'd never had head like it. The cool of the water, it lapping against my clit as he licked and sucked it; everything just seemed designed to excite and pleasure.

I'd been well on the way to a climax just from when he'd been rubbing his cock against my clit. I'm not one to really scream or cry out too loud as I cum - perhaps a habit from too often it being in my parent's or boyfriend's parent's home - but to quickly a flood of pleasure through my body and sucking of breath immediately followed by an involuntary moan signalled my orgasm. Involuntarily I clamped my legs around Sam's neck and arched my back. In the water that just meant I pushed his head under the water. Sam had already worked out that if he kept stimulating me for a little while after my orgasms it prolonged them. To his credit, even as I seemingly tried to drown him he kept licking my clit; in the process delaying the moment when I regained enough control to release him from the iron grip of my legs and let him regain the surface.

My body was nearly vertical in the water by the time I let Sam go, so as he rose he slid against me in full frontal contact, his arms around me and his erection once again coming up between my legs, its tip dancing all too tempting around the entrance to my very open tunnel.

For a second time I wondered if he was trying to penetrate me and whether I should surrender to the temptation to let him. But no, he pulled it out and pressed it against my stomach as he held and kissed me. In my own mind, now it was my turn and I can't say I wasn't a bit intimidated by the challenge of giving an underwater blow job. It wasn't Sam was telling me I had too; I could just as easily got him up on the boat and finished him there; maybe even have got a condom and done it properly. But it just seemed right; a bit adventurous, more than a bit kinky and very sexy. I'm good at holding my breath. I knew I should be able to do it; even if blow jobs aren't my favourite form of sex. 

I just hoped he didn't instinctively put his hand on my head. If I had any sense he was holding me down there I might actually panic. 

While we were still kissing I pulled his pants off, tossed them on the platform and wrapped my hand around his shaft and jerked him up and down a bit before breaking away from his hold and using the shaft to pull myself down to it. Once I got my mouth around it, it wasn't that hard. Let me rephrase that. Sam was hard. Very, very hard. I meant it wasn't that difficult as long as I didn't try and take him in too deeply.

The main problem was resisting a tendency for my butt to float up to the surface. I'm sure it would have given Sam a nice view but it left me at an awkward angle. I think I probably managed to go at it for about a minute before I had to resurface; continuing to jerk him off with my hand as I kissed him while recovering my breath.

Down again - for bit longer this time - and then up for another kiss and jerk.

On the fourth time he came; his warm ejaculate flooding my mouth and displacing the cool water. I'm not a swallow girl. By the time I surfaced the salty taste in my mouth was sea water and that's what Sam got a taste of as we kissed again while he performed little mini thrusts into my hand to finish his orgasm.

I suppose it was only now it occurred to me we'd just indulged in some very public sex. We weren't far off the beach and while the stern was facing into the harbour, there was a high ridge along the length of the hinterland and from further up the beach you would have been able to see around the back of the boat. And that's before I contemplate the ferries were passing only about 500 metres away from us.

Sure, we were mainly under the water and our actions might have been ambiguous especially viewed as they would have been from a distance and I couldn't actually see anyone around. But still? And then I thought for the last half hour we've been playing as shark bait. Yea, I know, middle of the day, crystal clear water over a sand bottom, incoming tide and all that. Very unlikely. Still, my harbour swims are normally in and out before I figure a shark can get a bearing on me. We'd just been jerking about like worms on the end of a line.

Just shows the distracting power of sex. I was glad none of those thoughts had occurred to me while we were actually fooling about. It might have been a bit inhibiting. And maybe the latter thought was the reason I decided to exit the water without putting my bikini bottoms back on; presenting Sam with an eye full of naked butt as I climbed the ladder ahead of him and merely bending down to pick up the bottoms and my GoPro as I passed through in front of the wheels and plonked myself down on the cockpit seat.