 There are men I'm drawn to.

Like a moth to a flame. And as an ever eclectic being, there are various reasons why I may find myself beguiled by a man. But there's this one man with whom I have not quite as common a dependency.

I love our fellatio chemistry.

When I suck him off, there's no one else in the world. His shaft, built for my mouth. His head, built for my throat. His hands strong but tender caressing my face, tangled in my hair as he slowly grinds himself into my salivating mouth. No one exists but us. I've never felt as though I was making love to someone via head, but I think calling it anything other than throat love is a disrespect & severe understatement. Years of sneaking off with one another. When either is coupled up, play hooky while the spouse goes to work while we put in some work of our own.

I put in overtime... put it in overdrive.

The set up: I text him a nude flick, he replies "When?" Time & date are disclosed & not another word exchanged until we meet. Hop in the ride, blasting NY shit, the vibrations make my body tingle. Small talk, & catching up during his brief stops along the way to pick up a dutch or 2, Some snacks, something to drink. We arrive at the destination. More chatter & some genuine laughs. I pick a flick to play in the background. We both know no one will be watching it. I sit on the bed watching him roll up some of the stickiest, most powerful green. He completes the task. Props a few pillows & lies back on the bed as though satisfied with himself.

Sparks up.

He pulls 3, offers to me.

I don't smoke usually. Only for him. It's sort of a ritual. & as an added bonus, it suppresses my gag reflex.

The smoke has already filled the room it seems. The O's he's blown provocatively dance towards me. Daring me to deny it's sweetness. The aggressive aroma enhancing it's provocation. I accept it.

I draw in deep into my lungs.

Hold.

Pull more.

Hold.

Close my eyes & let it have it's way with me. Exhale Sloooooooooowly through my nose.

Repeat.

Cough. I can't help it. I don't do it frequently enough to avoid it.

Pass it back.

He cradles & briefly caresses my breast. I realize I'm high already. My sense of touch is heightened. When next he extends his hand to say that Mary Jane has summoned me once again, I comply taking my final two pulls. This time when I return it, the smoke beckons me towards him like a finger propositioning me with a come hither motion.

That tree has me on fast forward. I'm on my knees without realizing it. Watching him smoking always turns me on. My mouth begins to water, overpowering any attempts at cottonmouth that weed commonly provides. He's stroking himself, slow & steady. Not an ounce of eagerness displayed.

He inhales, speaks with the shortened breath you have left when your lungs are filled with smoke, "Take off your shirt." Exhales.

I respond by acting in accordance with his orders. While I remove my shirt, & free my breasts from my bra, he's stripped to nothing. He's surprisingly swift, & i can sense his yearning, but still...never overzealous. He's never one to appear out of control until it's slipped away in moments like the ones just before us. He's smoking again, but this time when I receive the come hither motion, it's from him. I crawl across the bed to him. Reveal my will to submit. He grabs a handful of breast in one hand. Squeezes it a few times then lets go. With his other hand holds firmly to his manhood at the base as an invitation.

It IS a sight to behold. I lick my lips. My chest heaving in anticipation.

I'm ready.

I spring into action. A soft kiss on the tip as a way of reacquainting ourselves. Then I begin suckling the head to get the blood flow juuuusssttt right. Next, long slow licks up and down the shaft. Gotta make sure it's wet from top to bottom - or in this case tip to bottom. Coat the head in saliva so when I remove my mouth to give the balls some attention & have to use my hand as a replacement, the friction won't be dry. I make the tip of my tongue hard & guide it along the line that separates the sac. Then I suck one into my mouth, then the other. Alternate, then both. All while jerking the dick. I do my signature move & hold both balls in my mouth & suck in air causing a vibration. I momentarily release them into my hands. I caress them while shifting my attention back to Mr. Johnson. Mixing up different styles of whatever inspires me from deep throating to swirls to holding it in my cheek then back to the balls. Vibrate.

Back to the shaft.

Again.

Keep switching to keep him guessing. With each new technique he responds with involuntary twitches & jerks. Quick "Mmmph's" & "Mmmhmm's" to show his approval. Eventually I choose a more predictable pattern. Keep my mouth tight & wet. Maintain a steady pace. Take it all in until my tongue can reach the balls.

He tries to minimize his moans in the name of salvaging his manhood. He grabs a pillow, covers his face, buries it in to help him stifle his grunts. Subconsciously he starts to back crawl. His body telling him if he wants this to continue sans climax he has to stop. But in his doing so, i've become encouraged to take him even deeper. He releases the pillow from its clutches only to hold on to the sheets. Whimpering now.

Mumbling & stammering about wanting to wait. Between chopped breaths he whispers he doesn't want to cumm. So I stop.

Or so he thinks.

I wait for the delivery of his sigh of relief. Then I take him to the absolute depths of my throat & use maximum suction so that when he reflexively tries to push me away he's restricted & must succumb to my tongue lashing. He responds with a gasp partially due to his surprise, but also in part to the magic my tongue provides. With a choice no longer in the matter as to whether he will be cumming soon, I know he'll decide to reposition himself for maximum pleasure.

Then the dance begins.

Without ever detaching from my mouth's grip he turns to his side. In one quick motion I wrap my breasts around the base of his penis, then firmly grab him from his behind & draw him in deeply. He places both hands on my head & we begin to work to a rhythm that's perfect for him.

More whimpering.

Sentences that begin praising me trail off, become profanity.

He speaks to God.

Maybe he sees him.

He's shaking. Deliberate strokes into my mouth; while more fervent seem stiffened. But that's not the only thing that's stiffened. If he were any more erect my mouth would be in trouble. Bulging with veins I feel across my swirling tongue. All his clues are there but one. I'm careful not to change anything except for my increase in saliva to accommodate his furious pace of friction. Then... he grabs my hair & I prepare to receive my reward in...

3 Fuuuuuck.

2 Breath.

1 Grunnnntt.

I gulp.

Again.

Slow sucking until his grip on my hair is loosened.

It's sensitive so I tenderly release my grip.

Caress then suck the balls. They can still handle some touch.

That produces a few more drops from the tip.

Waste not.

Softly suck up what remains glistening in the slit.

He flinches.

I giggle.

He sleeps.

I smile.