 It is time...I have been rubbing your feet for the past hour, along with your calves, but stopping short of your knees. I need to taste you now and I can't wait any longer. I run my hand up your thigh and as I go higher, I slide it towards your inner thigh. Your legs part giving me easy access and I know you want it also. I shift up onto my knees, in between your spread legs, and slowly unbutton your jeans and unzip them. In one continuous motion, I slide both your jeans and your lacy panties off until you are laid bare, in all your glory, before me. This is not our first time together and you already know what is coming, and I sense your anticipation as I begin to lay down between your legs. My first touch is on the lower left side of your pussy, as I slowly run my tongue up to the top before running it back down. Then I switch to the right side, avoiding touching your clit just yet. I can feel your lips beginning to swell, as the blood begins to flow into them, as I continue to run my tongue slowly up and down them, alternating sides. 

Finally, I run my tongue up between them, starting at the bottom until I reach your clit. You are already wet and having my tongue run up between your lips seems to break the seal of the dam, and you begin to release moisture now. The first few circles around your clit are very slow, with firm pressure, as I get my initial touch of what will soon be my focal point. After just a few moments I hear a satisfactory moan escape your lips and I know I am going to enjoy making you cum tonight. I make a return trip to the lips of your pussy and find that it is already much wetter than just a few short moments ago. When I run my tongue up between your lips this time I am rewarded with a very wet pussy, I again turn my attention to your clit. I now have no plans on leaving your clit until you have cum, and cum hard for me. 

Returning to your clit, I continue with my very slow but firm counter clockwise circles around the edge of it, eliciting another soft moan from your lips. I begin to alternate the speed of my circles, along with the pressure, alternating between faster with light pressure and slower with firm pressure. I know you like the firmer pressure and can sense the change in you when I do that, but I want your orgasm to build and there is no need to rush it. I take a moment to suck your clit between my lips for a moment before releasing it, and then beginning again, but this time in a clockwise direction, with my circles. That change rewards me with the first sigh from you, along with you lifting yourself up some to increase the pressure on your clit. 

Now is a good time to increase the stimulation, so using my index finger I begin to match my circles I am doing with my tongue on your clit also on your asshole, teasing those nerves. There is a river of fluid running right across the area from your pussy, so after a few moments of teasing the outside I begin to slip just the tip of my finger into your ass before stopping. Now you are beginning to repeatedly press up against my tongue, and each time you go back down my finger slides a little further into your ass. It takes more than a half a dozen times before my finger is completely buried in your tight ass. You are now building towards your orgasm and the time for any slow tongue circles has passed, as I am ready to stay with you as you continue to build.

I renew my attention on your clit and begin to use my chin, with its three days of stubble, to stimulate your pussy lips, while also helping me keep my tongue right on your clit, as you are now actively thrusting up into me as your orgasm nears. I am now using fast circles around your clit, along with pressure, as I can feel your body beginning to tense and your moans are now changing into whimpers, as you are oh so close to your orgasm. I begin to slide my finger in and out of your ass now, while continuing the onslaught on your clit, and I can feel it beginning to happen as you continue to tense and the quivering begins.

There it is now... You have pushed over the edge and are having a toe curling orgasm as I continue to tongue your clit to sustain it. Wave after wave crashes through you, and I keep right on going to stretch it out as long as I can. Finally, I can feel your orgasm winding down, and I begin to ease off on my tongue and stop moving my finger. As you begin to come down further I slowly slide my finger out of your ass, while continuing slow lazy circles on your clit still extracting a few little shivers from you. I continue on for a few more minutes, as I can feel your body slowly relaxing before finally stopping, and looking up at you for the first time since I began. I sit up and you can now see my throbbing rock hard dick and all I say is "now it's my turn" as I begin to lift your legs over my shoulders...