 I'm a little of two minds about this. 

On one hand, I want you to be frustrated and wet and panting a little because you want me inside you, you need to come, flushed, and with a little curl of dark hair pasted to your temple because you're hot and anxious...

On the other hand, I'd like you to have already come, say, twice. Enough to be relaxed, your mouth soft and warm, your eyelids heavy, blinking slowly, but still aroused, still rolling your hips slowly and making very soft gasps and sighs as I pet you between the thighs, just the pads of my fingers slipping over you, slipping in your moisture, dipping into your cunt just a little, and rolling your clit like a marble in oil...

Either way...

Take my cock in your hand. I'll like that right away. Just the feeling of your small, slender fingers wrapping around me, confident, easy. You can bury your face in my neck, but keep your mouth open, so I can feel you. Just move your hand. Don't let your hand slip yet, and don't move much, just stroke. Harder at the top, lighter at the base. Lick my shoulder. Lick my neck. Breathe into my ear. Don't tease me. This is pleasure, not foreplay. Listen to my breathing; I won't be able to help a catch in my breath at the top. Don't speed up for a long time. If I get a little impatient, stroke me a little harder, but not faster. Not yet. By now the tip of my cock will be slick and wet, run the ball of your thumb over the fluid, let your hand start to slip a little at the top of the stroke, lick your thumb so I can see. Go back to hard, slow strokes.

I'll like this for a long time.

Eventually I'll start stirring around, my hand will start moving on your back more restlessly. I'll probably feel you smile if your mouth is open on my neck. Kiss your way down my belly, I'll probably have a hand in your hair, maybe catch your earlobe between my thumb and forefinger and rub it like a lucky coin. I'll want to see you, so keep your hair over one shoulder, and, seriously, no fuckin around, in one motion close your warm, wet mouth softly on the head of my cock. 

This may be the very best part.

I'll certainly groan, and maybe thrust my hips a little. Take it. We'll do teasing, and licks and kisses another time. Right now just please me. Suck a little, keep your mouth sealed on my cock, your hand still moving on my shaft, but really slowly now, 'cause I'll be still fucking grooving on the feel of your mouth on me. Oh, and ease up with your hand too, now is the time for fingertips and gentle pressure, and slipping and letting me feel your nails, very lightly. Move your mouth on me. Give me heated soft pressure.

I'll be watching you. I'll want to see your lips close on me, see your eyes crinkle a little, like you're concentrating, as you take me deeper. See your lips that are still bruised and plump from my attentions seal around my cock. Keep your eyes closed. You can look up to watch my face, grin at me, give me a nasty smile and show me your teeth, kiss my cock, but I'd rather just be able to watch you. This is what fucking erotic is. Right now, you warm and naked and curled up between my legs, pleasing me with your mouth, and the sight of you, and all my nerves singing.

Increase.

Take me deeper into your mouth, incrementally. Circle the base of my cock with just your thumb and forefinger, tightly. Make short strokes, slow, and take me as deep as you can. This will make me want to come. I'll slow you down. Don't worry. Move your mouth up and down on me with your mouth sealed on the head at the end of each stroke. I'll have my hand wrapped in your hair, but I won't be pushing you. Probably. Look at me now. I want to see your eyes. You could make me come this way, with just your mouth and fingers tight on the base of my shaft, but I'll want to delay, to revel. Now is when you can tease a little. Don't be regular. Change your pace, tighten and relax your grip, the pressure of your mouth and tongue on me. Release your hand and just move your mouth on me, take me as deep as you can, then come off at the top of a deep thrust, and just stroke the length of my shaft with slick, wet fingers, lightly, harder, very fast and light, deep and slow. Keep your fingers wet now, let your hand slip on my shaft as you stroke. I won't be talking. If this is just for me I'll be closing my eyes now, gently touching your hand or cheek to slow you if I get too close to coming. 

Oh, I should say, I want to be very close to coming now, keep me right on the edge. You'll feel my cock swell in your mouth, and spasm a little, and feel more fluid on your fingers and tongue, slick and clear. You might have to stop completely, just freeze if I touch you more urgently, let me savor it, the electric sizzling of sensation, right on the edge of too far. 

We can't stay here forever. Eventually, I won't be able to take any more. No amount of pausing or easing will let allow me to come down enough to let you start again. I'll be too close, too tightly drawn. Come kiss me. 

Seriously. I'll be a little drunk on you. Stop what you're doing, and come kiss me, maybe for a few minutes. I know you want to anyway. Rest your mouth a little. Take something for yourself. Let me come down enough to take a long run-up at you finishing me.

You'll know when I'm ready. If you don't, I'll gently guide you back down. Put your mouth back on me. I'll groan again, and thrust up, and this time you have to take it. Put your hand back on me, and stroke hard three, four, five times. You can be a little rougher now, I've had a break. At the top of the stroke, your hand should come almost to the tip of my cock, just your lips still on me, then hard down, with your mouth following. I'll want to come now baby, now is the time for rhythm; move your mouth and hand together, not fast, but hard, grip up harder at the top, fan your hand down as you take me deeper in your mouth with each stroke. Let your hand slip, make sounds for me, don't, for god's sake, stop. Cup my balls in your other palm, they will be tight and drawn up, and I want to feel you. You'll know when I'm going to come. I'll try to be gentle, or at least reasonable, but I may not be. I may thrust up into you, I might press your head down, pull you into me. Take it. Fuck. I'll come really hard, you'll feel my cock pulsing and I'll feel you taking my come, feel the rush and release and, fuck, don't fucking stop. God, don't stop moving until I stop you. Keep your mouth on me, keep your hand stroking me, gripping hard at the top, until I stop you. 

Then stop. 

Then come up by me. I'll probably laugh, and pull you in and settle you into me. Let me come down. Let my breathing settle. Kiss my shoulder and neck and cheek. Pet my face. If you're feeling really generous, let me fall asleep.

I'll make it up to you.

Kitten.

-jim