 'I like cum.'

Ben snorted wine from his nose and stared at me wide-eyed.

'I like cum,' I repeated. 'I just wanted to lay that on the table.'

'Along with the ice cream.'

'Yes, exactly.' We shared a grin. 'I have a very dirty mind, and an unhealthy curiosity about sex,' I continued. 'I honestly believe I'll try anything once. I'm not very experienced, it's true, but I want that to change. Soon. I need a boyfriend who can keep up with me.'

'This is starting to feel more like a job interview than a date.'

'In a way it is. I like you, Ben, a lot, but that's not enough. I need a man who can satisfy me.'

'I'm not sure any man could satisfy you.' His cheeky smile made me want to kiss him.

'You may be right,' I said. 'I have a little exercise for the second part of this interview - if you're still interested?'

'Oh, I'm interested. Go ahead.'

'Okay.' I took some cards and a pen from the pocket of my jacket. Ten I had already written on, ten were blank and I passed these and the pen over to Ben. 'I want you to think about what you want from a relationship in terms of sex. Maybe something you want to do regularly, maybe something you may only want to try once. And not including vanilla sex. I'm going to assume that whatever else we want, we both want lots of vanilla.'

'I prefer the chocolate.'

I rolled my eyes. 'Sex. Not ice cream. Unless you're thinking of eating ice cream off my breasts, or somewhere else even.'

He chuckled. 'That would be an interesting way to define vanilla sex.'

Ben started writing on his cards while I sat back and watched him over my wine glass. Of course, it was easy to predict most of his fantasies. Men are men, and he was probably too shy to ask for anything really kinky. 'Don't be afraid,' I said, smiling. 'I promise not to be disgusted by your depraved imagination.'

This was the new me. I'd always been adventurous, but not really in a sexual way. Last summer was the start of my sexual awakening. Of course I had had sex before, but only with steady boyfriends and I can't say the sex was very adventurous. Fumbling around in cars, groping, fingering and once a bit of oral in clubs and bars, a hasty fuck at a party or at someone's house while the parents or room mate were away.

Suddenly I wanted more. Lots of sex. Lots of different types of sex. My inner slut was hungry. But she was still trapped in the lifestyle of a vanilla girl. I didn't dare let her out in public, although I indulged her in ways. I hadn't yet revealed this side of me to Ben. I had high hopes for him, but wanted to be sure.

'Done,' he said, putting the pen down at last.

'Okay,' I said. 'We lay the cards down in pairs, taking turns to go first. I'll start.' I took my top card and placed it in the middle of the table. 'Oral sex. This is non-negotiable. I want lots of it. I love receiving it, I love giving it.'

Ben laughed, and put a card next to it. 'That was one of mine too. Can you deep throat?'

'Sort of. I hope to get lots of practice. Your turn to go first.'

He studied his cards for a minute. It felt almost like we were playing poker. 'Anal sex,' he said, sounding nervous.

'What is it with men and anal sex?' I asked.

He looked crestfallen. 'Oh, well, if you don't want to, er.' He trailed off, embarrassed.

I laughed. 'I would have been disappointed if you hadn't suggested it.' I put one of my cards next to it. 'However, I'd really love to wear a strap-on and return the favour.'

Ben's face flushed as his embarrassment deepened. 'I don't know. Er, maybe.'

That was a better answer than I'd expected. I selected another card. 'I want to play the dominatrix, have you as my slave for a whole day.'

He laughed with relief, and immediately placed a card next to it. 'Wear a PVC catsuit and I'll gladly be your slave, Mistress.' He placed another card. 'But I'd also like to be your Master sometimes.'

'Excellent,' I said, completing the set. 'We're matching pretty well, so far.' Another card. 'This is sort of related, but it's more specific. I want to be told I'm a bad girl and then spanked.'

'You are a bad girl - a very bad girl.'

'Well, I guess you'll have to punish me, Sir, won't you?'

'I'm going to enjoy spanking you, Ali.'

'I look forward to it, Sir. It's your go.'

'Okay... Those short skirts you like to wear. I'd love it if you weren't wearing any underwear...'

'But I'm already not,' I said with a laugh.

I rarely if ever wore a bra (they're very uncomfortable for me) but I'd started more and more often to wear short skirts with no knickers, and my heels were soon an inch higher than before. On the surface I tried to look formal and serious, but I was only one gust of wind from revealing how dirty my mind really was.

There was a delicious excitement in climbing the tight steps in double decker buses, or walking along raised walkways (there were one or two on the college campus), knowing that at any moment someone might look up and see what I wasn't wearing. I didn't shave my pubes completely, but did keep myself neat and trimmed.

He bent over to look under the table, and I spread my legs helpfully. 'Wow,' he said. 'You really are a bad girl.'

'Yes, Sir. Your go again.'

'Hold on! That's not fair if you're already doing it.' He grabbed the pen and scribbled something else on the card. 'Toys,' he said. 'Specifically toys to wear under that skirt. Balls, beads, plugs, a remote-controlled vibrator.'

'Mmm... Much more interesting. I'll let you have that, but no more changing the cards.'

'Since we're on the subject...' He placed another card, no trace of shyness now. He was really getting into this, and getting me really wet too. It can't have escaped him that my nipples were making sharp points in my shirt. 'Public sex. You asked for dirty fantasies, and this is mine. I want to have sex somewhere that people see us.'

'Like dogging?'

'Well, maybe, but it was thinking more like the side of the road with cars passing.'

'Isn't that rather dangerous - for the drivers, I mean. I wouldn't want to cause any accidents.'

'Okay, with trains passing, then.'

'For me it's all about the fear of discovery,' I said, placing a card. 'I would hate to actually get caught or recognized, but I'm sure we can work something out.'

Four cards left. It was getting difficult. 'I want to make love to a woman. Strictly no men.'

Ben grinned. 'I want to watch.'

'No watching. I want to be alone with her.'

'Compromise. We'll record it so I can watch later.'

I had to think about that. 'Okay, but I keep the recording.'

'Fine by me. My turn. I want a threesome, with you and another girl.'

'And I want a threesome, with you and another man.'

Two cards left, and these were the hardest. I bit my lip and placed one on the table. 'I want to wear a blindfold while getting gang-banged. It has to be safe sex. No penetration without a condom, but they can come anywhere else they like. As I said, I like cum.'

Ben shifted uncomfortably in his seat and reached down to adjust himself. 'You weren't kidding about having a dirty mind. My last two cards are tame by comparison.'

'Don't worry,' I said with a laugh. 'You can tell me all your really deep, dark fantasies later. What tame fantasies do you have for me now?'

'I want to fuck your breasts and come all over them.'

'And then lick them clean?'

'Yuck. No. And I want to have sex in the car while I'm driving.'

'Full sex? Or just a blow job?'

'Maybe just a blow job for starters... Your turn now. Show me your final card.'

I was very reluctant to show this last one. What's fun in the safety of fantasy can be traumatic if acted out for real. Taking a deep breath, I placed my last card on the table. 'I want you to rape me.'

His eyebrows shot up. 'Seriously?'

'Yes, in a very consensual non-consensual way. I want you to tie me up, hurt me, slap me around a bit, call me a whore, force me to satisfy you. It has to be all about you. Your pleasure. I don't want you suddenly getting all tender and worrying about my feelings. Use me and abuse me. Just don't do any permanent damage.'

'Wow,' he said. 'Honestly, I don't know if I can do that.'

'Honestly, I don't know if I can either, so let's agree to do everything else on the table first, and then we'll sit down and talk about this last one again.'

'Okay, good.' He looked relieved. He grinned suddenly. 'So, did I pass? Did I get the job?'

'There's one last test,' I replied. Standing, I fished a twenty out of my jacket pocket. 'Go pay the bill - here's my share - and meet me outside.'

It was late in the evening, but the summer days are long so it was dark but not yet night. The weather was good, and lots of people were out and around the town centre, going in and out of bars and restaurants.

When Ben joined me, I took his hand and led him down the street a little way and then into a dark, dead-end alley. I pushed him against the wall and undid his belt. I could feel his erection pressing against his trousers, and I stroked the hard length through the material for a minute while we kissed. His fingers likewise explored underneath my skirt, finding my pussy and teasing my clit deliciously.

I knelt on the ground in front of him and worked his trousers and knickers down. His cock was a good length, longer and a little thicker than any of my past boyfriends, and it looked clean. And circumcized, which was a first for me.

I wrapped my lips eagerly around his stiff member and sucked gently. He was so hard, so excited, so wet with salty pre-cum.

Ben kept looking nervously at the alley's entrance, every time people walked past. 'Hey,' I complained. 'This was your fantasy.'

'Sorry,' he said.

I adore giving head. I adore the feeling of a hard cock in my mouth. I adore especially that moment just before the first cum jets into my mouth.

I was always a little disappointed with previous boyfriends. Not one had a cock long enough for me to deep throat. I prided myself on my oral skills, but always wondered how I would handle something longer. With Ben I finally had someone to practise with.

I licked the delicate underside while I sucked the head. It was strange not to have any foreskin to tease, but I decided I liked it this way. Making a firm ring with my lips, I descended the shaft slowly, taking half his length into my mouth, then returned and licked around and under the head. I repeated this, taking him deeper each time, even into my throat, trying to control the gag reflex, remembering to breathe out before taking him deep.

'Fuck, Ali,' he said. 'You're amazing.'

I hadn't really started yet, but compliments are always appreciated. I was only just getting a rhythm going when, to my surprise, he tensed and cum erupted into my mouth. I made sure to swallow it all, not missing a drop. 'Mmm. Thank you,' I said.

'So, did I pass?' he asked as he fastened his belt afterwards.

'That wasn't the test. The test is whether you can kiss me after coming in my mouth.' My old boyfriends always refused, which irritated me no end. It never bothered me to kiss them if they'd gone down on me - if they even did that.

Ben looked undecided for a for seconds, then shrugged and pulled me towards him. 'You are the most amazing girl I've ever met, Ali,' he said, and kissed me. And not just a peck, but a long, tender, loving kiss that set butterflies fluttering in my stomach.

'You passed. When can you start?'