 Everyone seemed to head out the door as soon as the clock struck 5:00, except for the two of us. We sat together talking about this and that; being silly, flirting. I was waiting for him to make a move, give me some sign. He didn't. I decided if anything was going to happen, it was up to me to get it going.

I stood up and said, "Follow me; there's something I need to show you."

He looked intrigued and followed me into the small conference room. I shut the door behind us and locked it. I kicked off my shoes and removed my socks. I watched his eyes carefully as I slowly unbuttoned my blouse, letting it fall off my shoulders and land on the floor behind me, then unbuttoned and unzipped my pants and slithered out of them, revealing a black velvet bra and panty set. He leaned back against the conference table directly in front of me, smiling, enjoying the show.

I went to him and pressed my body against his, putting my arms around his neck. "I can't wait anymore." I said softly. "I want you now. Kiss me. . ." 

He stood up and put his arms around me, pressing his lips to mine. I parted his lips with my tongue and gave him a long, slow, passionate kiss. I could feel his body responding. 

I dropped to my knees in front of him. I wanted to taste him so badly; I could barely contain myself. I watched his face while I unbuttoned and unzipped his jeans. I pulled them down below his crotch. I pulled his underwear down and his hard cock bounced out to greet me. I gripped it firmly with my right hand and stroke it a few times. I lifted it and ran my tongue over his balls. I sucked them gently into my mouth one at a time. Then I ran my tongue up the underside of his cock from base to tip. I kissed and licked it all over, gently biting the shaft now and then. I gripped the base with my right hand and took just the tip into my mouth. I circled it around and around with my tongue and sucked it, gently at first, then gradually harder as I stroked the shaft firmly with my hand. I glanced up at him again. His head was back and he was moaning deeply. I smiled to myself, happy to be pleasing him this way. I gripped the based tighter and slowly took more and more of him into my mouth until I had taken almost the entire length. I began to stroke him up and down with my mouth, sucking hard to simulate a nice tight pussy. From his moans, I could tell that he liked it. On every down stroke, when my mouth met my hand, I squeezed the base and sucked harder. He moaned louder and put his hands on the back of my head. I removed my right hand and grabbed his ass with both hands. I sucked the last couple inches of him into my mouth and began stroking up and down faster, sucking harder. He was shaking all over and I knew he was about to cum. I moaned and sucked him eagerly. God, his cock tasted so good! When I began to feel his hot cum shooting down my throat, I stopped stroking him. I held his whole cock in my mouth and sucked as hard as I could until his orgasm passed. I swallowed every drop greedily. 

I let his cock slide from my lips slowly. I stood up and smiled at him. I kissed his lips softly. 

He pulled up his pants and looked at me, licking his lips.

"Get on the table." He said. "It's your turn."

I sat on the table. I scooted all the way to the edge and lifted my hips just enough for him to pull off my panties. I put my hands on the table behind me and leaned back a little, tilting my hips up slightly for him. He got down on his knees and began licking the inside of my thighs. Then he buried his face in my wet, steaming pussy. He ran his tongue up and down over it again and again; up with the rough topside of his tongue and down with the smooth underside. His tongue felt so good to me! He licked circles around my hot pink lips until I thought I would scream. 

"Mmmmm. . . that feels so good. . ." I whispered. "Yes, lick me. . ."

He alternated between the up and down licking and the circles around my lips for a long time. I didn't want him to ever stop; it felt so damn good! My pussy was on fire! 

"Oh, Jesus. . ." I whispered hoarsely. 

I began to roll my hips as he plunged his hot tongue inside me and sucked my swollen clit. 

Orgasm was so close. "Keep suckin' me just like that, baby!" I moaned. "Mmmm. . . " I groaned as my orgasm swept over me. I pushed my hips forward. He slid his hands under me and squeezed my ass as he continued to suck my clit until my orgasm subsided. 

I leaned back on my elbows, but my arms were quivering and I couldn't hold myself up. I lay back on the table, trying to catch my breath. He pulled a chair up to the table. He got on his knees in the chair and leaned over me, pushing my knees up. He pressed his face back into my pussy and licked up my sweet cum. I breathed deeply and savored the feeling of his tongue stroking me. Then he flicked his tongue across my ultra-sensitive clit. I gasped and flinched. We both laughed. 

He stood up and took my hands in his. He helped me up to a sitting position and stood in front of me, between my thighs. I put my arms around his neck and we kissed. 

"I can taste my pussy on your lips. . ." I said.

He licked his lips. "Mmmm. . .so can I." He said.

"In fact, it's all over your face." I said, laughing. Then I ran a finger down his cheek, gathering up some of the sweet juice, and licked it off. 

We stayed there a while longer, chatting about this and that, laughing together. Neither of us really wanted to leave the other. Finally, there was a lull in the conversation. 

He looked into my eyes and said quietly, "It's getting late. I think we better get out of here." 

I sighed deeply. "I know." I said. I wished we could stay together all night. 

He bent down and picked up my panties from the floor. "Uh, I think you'll be needing these." He said, laughing.

"Yeah, I guess so." I laughed, snatching them out his hand playfully.

I got dressed quietly. We went across the hall to the men's room and I watched him wash his face. When he finished, he turned to me and said, "How's that?"

"Hmmm. . ." I said, rubbing my chin thoughtfully. "Nope, I think I like your face best with my pussy juice all over it." We laughed together and he told me I was nasty. I agreed and said that he'd have me no other way. He agreed with that wholeheartedly.

I stepped closer to him. I put my arms around his waist and laid my head on his chest. He held me tightly for a few moments. Neither of us said a word. I pulled back a little and looked up at him. He touched my face gently. We kissed softly.

We turned off the office lights and he set the alarm. We stepped out into the cold night air. I watched him lock the door. He walked me to my car and kissed me on the cheek before I got in. 

I started my car and let it warm up while I watched him get into his car, start it up and drive away. 

I drove home, thinking of him, the sensuous taste of our combined juices still on my tongue.