 Remember the old "one thing leads to another" comment? 

Well that's about the way it went down. I'm your average 24 yr old guy - single, dating occasionally, enjoy partying, I watch porn on the computer and work to pay the bills. As it turned out, the next bill I was going to be paying was for computer repair. I'm not sure where but I got some sort of virus (couldn't have been from a porn site could it?) that totally screwed things up and nothing I did helped so into the shop it went. It was a small family shop - I'm guessing it was him, his wife and his daughter. The daughter looked about 18 and was definitely cute & if she ended up like her mom she'd be totally hot. 

Like most other guys I know, I had my share of porn on the system - both pics and vids but didn't think much of it. I dropped it off on Friday morning and he told me he'd try to have it done by the end of the day and much to my surprise he called before 4pm to say it was done. When I went in to pick it up, I noticed that he was a whole lot less friendly than when I'd dropped it off but I brushed it off figuring it was the end of the day and he was tired. I got it home and everything worked great but when I opened up some of the porn folders, they were differently arranged. I always have it set by date not alphabetically. Oh well, so he got to look at some not too hardcore porn - too bad it didn't cheer him up.

Saturday I got a call from his wife at the shop saying I'd left some CD's behind & she was going to be out my end of town so she could drop them off if I wanted. I had to work most of the following week so I said OK. Sure enough, about an hour later she was at the door with the CD's. I took them, thanked her and was turning back inside when she said, "can we talk for a minute?" 

I had nothing planned so I opened the door and she came inside. She introduced herself as Rachel and seemed quite uncomfortable. We made a bit of small talk before she said, "I kept the CD's so I'd have an excuse to come and talk to you. I want to apologise for my husband Harold, you likely wouldn't notice but he was looking at the porn on your computer."

"Actually I did notice, things were arranged differently. No big deal, nothing on there that would offend anyone." 

"Well you don't know my husband. Oh he likes his porn like every other guy but the one of the things he thinks is gross is a guy going down on a girl and you had quite a bit of that on there."

"Ah, that explains why he wasn't quite so friendly when I picked the system up." 

Even as I was answering, the thought went through my head that there must be more to it than what was being said - there really wasn't a reason for her to come over and tell me if she thought I wouldn't have noticed so I asked her if there was anything else on her mind.

"Seeing as you asked, yes." 

As she said it, I could see her neck and face flushing a beautiful pink/red colour. "When I caught him looking at it, we got into a big fight because in our 20 years of marriage he's never gone down on me once. I reminded him that he's the first and only guy I've ever been with so I've got no idea what it would feel like but would really like to know before I'm too old to enjoy it and he told me if I ever found out what it felt like, it wouldn't be from him 'cause he thinks it's disgusting and he'll never do it."

Things were starting to come together for me so I took a better look at her. Just over 5' tall, about 120 pounds, red hair, around 40, slim without being skinny and a nice chest - likely about 34-C. I figured the ball was in my court so I asked, "So he won't do it, you know I like looking at pictures of it - does that mean you want me to go down on you? Lick all around your pussy, tease your slit, nibble and lick until your clit is hard enough to feel with my tongue and then lick and suck from your clit to your asshole until you cum?" 

As I was talking I was watching her face and body and even before she answered verbally I was pretty sure that's exactly what she wanted.

"I've never thought of cheating on him before but if he's not going to do it then it's not really cheating is it?"

I've been called a lot of things but stupid isn't one of them so I said, "No, I guess not."

"I can't let you do any more than go down on me other than maybe a handjob - is that ok?"

Rather than answer, I ran my fingers up the inside of her pants & just brushed across her pussy before I nodded & took her hand, leading her to the bedroom. Once there, I told her if she really wanted me to eat her then she'd have to undress. 

I don't think I've ever seen a woman undress that quickly and was pleasantly surprised to see her pussy was well trimmed (yes it was red too!) and already glistening with her juices. I certainly loved watching videos or looking at pics of a woman getting eaten but no where near as much as I loved doing it and it didn't take long for Rachel to realize it. When my tongue first touched the skin on the inside of her thigh I could feel her whole body quiver slightly. 

I'd already decided I was going to take it slowly so I licked and nibbled all around her slit without actually touching it but getting closer and closer each time. Finally, ever so gently I ran my tongue up from the skin below her pussy all the way towards her clit and when I reached her clit her hips bucked up into my face. With only one lick of her slit I could easily taste the slight tang of her juices and felt the slickness of her pussy lips. 

I was still planning on going slowly but Rachel had other ideas. I quickly found a hand on either side of my head pulling my face into her wetness - and wet it was! It only took a few minutes for the first small orgasm. A few minutes later she had a few stronger ones and just when I felt her whole body start to tense for the first big one I sucked her clit in between my lips and held it there while my tongue teased the end of it. She moaned, groaned and when the orgasm hit she let out a scream that anyone who'd heard a woman orgasm would recognize instantly. Just as quickly as it happened, her whole body relaxed and she felt like she melted into the bed. 

"That was the most intense orgasm I've had in the 20 years I've been with Harold"

"Good, let's go for another one," and with that said I dove back in again. 

Ok, so I didn't stop at just one, it was almost 45 minutes and who knows how many orgasms later that Rachel pulled me away from her pussy saying, "Please stop, I'm too sensitive to take any more this time." 

By then her juices were not only all over my face and had run down my chin but on her last one she'd actually squirted in my face. This was a new one on me but as much as it surprised me, it turned me on even more. It took her a while to get herself together enough to grab a quick shower (my idea), get dressed and head home.

That was a couple of months ago and we've gotten together numerous times since then. Sometimes she'll lay back and I'll eat her, sometimes I'll do it with her standing in the shower before she goes home. Our favourite is with her straddling my face and lowering her pussy to my waiting mouth. True to her word she's given me several handjobs to relieve the pressure and once we did it in my car so rather than leave a mess, she took me in her mouth just as I came and swallowed everything I could give her. 

One Friday night I got a text from her, "your house, 7pm, be ready." I had no problem with that, lately she'd been into jacking me off while I ate her so I took a shower and put on a housecoat. Right at 7:00 the doorbell rang but instead of Rachel there it was her daughter Sandy which took me from full mast to limp in record time. I'm sure the look on my face was quite something but other than a slight smile she gave no indication of my surprise.

"We've got to talk and I think it would be better inside than out here."

Just the way she said it made me believe her so I asked her in. Once she was inside, she didn't waste any time. "I know you've been having an affair with my mom - I wasn't sure so I sent you that text and judging by the state you were in when you answered the door I know it's true."

I wasn't sure what to say but figured there wasn't any sense in lying about it. "Yes I've been seeing your Mom but we've never had sex." 

"Bullsh..." was all she got out before I cut her off.

"You came here so hear me out. How old are you?"

"19"

"Ok, then I don't need to worry about 'contributing to the delinquency' with my explanation. Your mom came to me after your dad fixed my computer - it seems she caught him looking at some porn on my machine and they got into a fight about him refusing to go down on her. She wanted to know what it felt like and he told her she'd have to find out somewhere else 'cause he wasn't going to do it. Since then we've gotten together about a dozen times for me to get her off orally but other than handjobs, the closest we've got to having sex is one blowjob. We're both adults - I enjoy it, she enjoys it, no harm done. So...do you believe me?"

"I asked Mom the same question and she told me pretty much the same thing so I guess you're both telling the truth. I'm not really surprised, I've heard them having some heated discussions before about sex but wanted to know for sure. It all came out the other night when they'd been out drinking with Dave and Lynn and thought I was at a friends for the night. Dad made some comment about how the hell could Dave talk about going down on Lynn & Mom said he really should try it because it felt great. Dad wasn't drunk enough to miss that one and they got into a big fight. Mom finally admitted she'd been getting pleased orally by someone else but wouldn't say who. I remembered the fight they had about the oral sex stuff on your machine and put two and two together." 

"So now that you know, what's your plan - to tell your dad?"

"No, I'm really not mad. Mom and I are really close to each other so last night I asked her about it and she told me it was true, she'd been getting orally serviced by someone else. I was kinda disappointed in Mom at first but when she told me how good the orgasms were I got more jealous than anything. She doesn't know it but I've had sex with a few guys and only one of them went down on me but only after I told him I wouldn't blow him unless he did. Unfortunately, it didn't feel anything like what Mom said it does when you go down on her. The more I thought about it, the more the thought excited me, the more it excited me the wetter I got and now every time I masturbate I think about being eaten." 

Sandy paused for a sec before she continued in a rush with, "wouldyoueatmeandmak mecumthewayyoudomom?"

"Slow it down - I couldn't understand a word of that!"

She took a deep breath and tried it again, "Would you eat me and make me cum the way you do mom?" 

Up until now, she'd been looking me pretty much in the face but when she finished she quickly looked down at the floor.

Her head popped up even faster than my cock when I said, "I'd love to!" 

Honestly, that thought had been in my mind since I opened the door and saw her there. Unlike her mom, she was blonde, not quite as tall & a bit slimmer but a bigger chest and a slim, tight ass. Rather than go to the bedroom, I led her over to the couch but when she went to sit down, I stopped her. Putting my hands gently on her hips, I pulled her close until we were almost touching and whispered in her ear, "I'm going to undress you and as I do I'm going to lick, suck & nibble my way down until you're sitting on the couch with my face buried between your legs. I'm not going to stop with one or even two orgasms - you're going to cum more tonight than you likely have with all the guys you've had combined." 

With that I leaned forward and started kissing her neck as I undid her blouse. As the blouse was removed, my kisses moved down over her collar bone and to the swell of her breasts. Her bra was very sheer, barely containing her breasts and her nipples were clearly visible through the material. Even as my lips touched the slope of her breast just at the edge of the bra, I felt her shudder a bit and instantly her chest was covered with small goosebumps. As I kissed one breast and gently caressed the other I could feel her nipples hardening and her whole chest rise as she sucked in her breath. 

Reaching behind her I undid her bra and cupped both bare breasts as they came free. They were definitely larger than her mom's but because of her age, they showed no sign of sagging with the nipples showing high and proud. 

Knowing that she'd had the guts (or was at least horny enough) to actually come over and tell me what she wanted, I figured the least I could do was to do the best I could to give her the orgasms she wanted. As I began sucking and nibbling on one nipple, I caressed the other breast, occasionally tweaking the nipple between my fingers. After a few minutes, I switched so that each nipple received the same pleasure and as I did that, I also undid her pants and slid them down. 

After a few more minutes of nibbling on her gorgeous nipples I began kissing my way down her belly. As I got closer to her hips I saw she was wearing a very skimpy thong that just barely covered her mound. Even with the thong on, I could see that unlike her mothers neatly trimmed bush, her pussy was completely shaved and there was a darker spot right over her pussy where her wetness was already showing. 

When I finally knelt down because I couldn't kiss any lower, her thong covered pussy was right at my face so I pressed my mouth against the mound of her pussy and blew hot air against her. Just as she got over the surprise of the sudden warmth, I ran my tongue right up the center of her slit, pressing hard enough that I could feel the gap between her lips through the thin material. She let out a long, low moan that ended with her legs pretty much buckling. Thankfully the couch was right behind her so she ended up sitting on the edge right in the middle of it. 

I certainly wasn't done & I expected she wasn't either so I slid her soaking panties down her legs and continued my oral pleasing. I'd always wondered if women who were related tasted similar but now that I could fully taste her juices I was thinking her and her mom were distinctly different. Both were delicious but her mom had a stronger, slightly tart flavour where Sandy's juices were noticeably sweeter with a light almost flowery taste. 

She had a couple of minor orgasms as my tongue followed the contours of her lips and gently parted them but I don't think either one of us were prepared for the gush that came out when my tongue first touched her clit. It was a spontaneous cry, clench and an explosion of juices that literally coated my face. I was good to keep going but her hands gently pushed my head away even as I could feel little post-orgasm spasms run through her pussy. 

"Oh my God, that was amazing but I really can't take any more right now!"

"Judging from what I see sticking out of your housecoat, you could use a little relief yourself." As she was saying that she slid forward so she was sitting on the floor leaning back against the couch looking up at me. Never breaking her gaze, she licked her lips and opened my housecoat the rest of the way. "Mom only ever gave you a blowjob once? I think I'll be able to do a whole lot better than that." 

I was expecting her to start licking and sucking slowly but obviously she had other plans as she pulled my hips against her face forcing my cock all the way into her throat in one smooth motion. Between looking forward to eating her mom, then getting to go down on Sandy and now being deepthroated like a porn star it was all too much and within a couple of minutes I was firing load after load of hot cum down her throat. She never slowed down or backed off until the last drops had been sucked out of me. 

Now it was my turn to get weak enough at the knees that I had to sit down beside her on the floor. I could see a couple of strands of cum clinging from her lip to her chin as I brought my face to hers for a kiss. When our lips first met she was a little tentative but when my tongue slid past her lips she realized I wasn't shy about tasting my own cum and we kissed passionately for a few minutes. "Wow, I've only had a couple of guys go down on me and none of them were willing to kiss me after I went down on them. Are you ok with making this a regular thing but it'll just be an oral thing OK?"

A quick "definitely" was my reply and to seal the deal I brought her to two more orgasms with my fingers and tongue before she said she was done for the night. Just as she was leaving, she handed me a note saying, "Mom wanted me to give this to you"

After she'd left, I opened it and it read, "Hi there, by now you know that Sandy knows what we've been up to which is ok but I'm sure that she's also told you that Harold and I have had a couple of big fights and he's suspicious of anyone I see and anywhere I go so unfortunately I've got to quit coming over, at least for a little while. Rachel"

Sandy & I got together regularly after that, with me introducing her to many different positions that I could lick, suck and nibble her to orgasm and just like her mom her favourite is straddling my head and lowering her pussy to my waiting tongue, often turning around so that she could suck me to orgasm at the same time. 

The last time she was over however she'd obviously decided to kick things up a notch. She'd just had her 4th (or maybe 5th) orgasm and my face was totally wet with her juices. Instead of turning around and taking my cock into her mouth though she slid down my body, grabbed my cock and thrust it into her pussy. She thrust down just as hard as she'd deepthroated me the first time we were together - and just like that time, it didn't take more than a few strokes before the tightness of her pussy and the pleasure of its wetness was too much and I came deep inside her. 

As she collapsed onto my chest she said, "I know I said it was only going to be an oral thing but the oral felt so good that I just had to see if your cock felt as good in me as your tongue does & I'm glad I did!"

"So am I!" and I'm sure she believed me as she felt me re-harden inside her. 

She started riding me again and this time it was almost an hour, several positions and a whole bunch more of her orgasms later before I filled her again. Not only did Sandy & I thoroughly enjoy having sex together, we quickly found that we also enjoyed spending time together. Most relationships I'd had started with dating and then sex but it seemed we'd gone the other way - starting with sex and then romance. Pretty soon Sandy and I were seriously committed to each other but made sure that we kept that from her dad so he didn't freak out on her. 

All went well until the Fri night that Rachel texted me to say she'd tried doing without but couldn't take it any more & could she come over later that night. Apparently she went out on Fri nights with some of her girlfriends and they were going to cover for her if any questions were asked. Being in a relationship with Sandy, I know I should have said 'no' but she was gone with a couple of her girlfriends for the weekend, I was horny and fully remembered how tasty Rachel's pussy was so I said 'yes'. She was barely in the house when her clothes started coming off and by the time she got to the couch she was naked. I wasn't far behind and had my face between her legs before the cushions on the couch finished settling. She was almost dripping with her juices already so I knew it wouldn't be long before she came. 

Turns out I was wrong - she was close all right and I was doing my best bring her to a full orgasm when there was one fuck of a banging on the front window and we both looked over to see Harold staring at us through the glass. There wasn't any sense in trying to cover things up or deny what we were doing so I grabbed my housecoat, opened the door and politely asked what the hell he was doing. 
