 Hiya. Beth here. Not my normal chirpy self – I am alone in the world again. Well, as alone as someone like me can be. I still have a regular fuck when I want it – just nobody to call my own. Not that there is a lack of offers! Fuck, the men find out I am single and they act like panting dogs after a bitch in heat. Hmm, which is kind of what I am I guess. J The girls reading this will want to know what happened with Marcus – the previous love of my life. Well, he must have gotten worn out because he decided to play a different game. The boys reading this may have already stopped reading – fucking girly chat! Don't be disillusioned boys – there is a story to tell that you will love! Just keep reading and if you want to skip the tips on a good blowjob that is cool.

So what does a single gal do when she wants a good fucking? She goes wild – that is what! I have had more sex in the time I have been single than in the last six months of my relationship. Man, there are some studs out there! I am so happy about the quality too. This one bloke (Grant) is an amazing stud. He came over last night and we had a really cool time. He loves the things I do to him. Like, the best blowjob he has EVER had. He couldn't believe it – stunned him out of his mind! I love giving head and I really get into it. Makes me both happy and sad when the guy blows his load. I mean it is happy because I did what I set out to do. And the guy is usually out of his mind with joy so that makes me really happy too. But it is also sad because it means I have to stop. No guy I have ever met wants me to keep licking and sucking his cock once he has done the deed. They all seem to need at least a few minutes for the tingling sensation to settle.

Now girls – I must tell you – the most important thing when giving a guy head is to enjoy it yourself. There are only a few things that are important and that is the most critical of them all. If you are enjoying it you will find the guy gets off too. I mean, how can you not enjoy it anyway? You are controlling a man totally. He will do anything you ask while you have his dick in your mouth. J The only other things to remember are that teeth can hurt and that you should respond to the messages the guy is giving you. Like, when you run your tongue around his knob and he moans, that means he likes it. If he groans – that means it isn't good so stop that bit! 

You may have a quiet guy and that is okay too. You should be able to tell what he is liking from his body movements. A man gets stiffer all over when he is happy and you should be able to feel his leg muscles tensing or relaxing as you change your pace, stroke and technique. You should also keep an eye (or hand) on his balls. They raise as he is getting ready to cum. And hey, it isn't all sucking and moving your mouth up and down either. Remember that you have a tongue and it can be used to trace patterns along the shaft of his dick while it is in your mouth. You can also lick his balls, his legs and (if he likes it) his arsehole. A lot of guys have a phobia about their butts but those that have experienced a nice lick will agree it is great. 

So anyway, on with the story. Waffling a bit today but that is probably because I am horny and need a good fuck. What is new? 

Last night, Grant got me off by playing with my clit and nibbling on my tits. I had two orgasms with that and another when he buried his face in my pleasure mound. He likes to lick my pussy and I must say, it is pretty nice! He doesn't just do a quick lick up and down again. He does the little flick thing and uses his lips too. I like a little aggression on the clit when I guy is down there and Grant doesn't disappoint. He surprises me with a tongue shoved deep into me when I least expect it and nibbles a little on the moist lips that I present to him. The way he makes me feel should be illegal - I just about caused the block to be evacuated with the screaming I let out! Now guys, when you go down on your woman, remember to listen to their bodies too. Her back is going to arch when she is happy – trust me! And don't limit the play to just tongue movement. Oh no, you can combine fingers, lips and tongues in a most pleasurable way. In fact, licking and sucking around her parted lips while rubbing her clit with a wet finger is the nicest way to get a girl off. Well, in my opinion it is and I am an expert in my own body!

So after I'd had three orgasms I was feeling nice and sated. Sometimes it takes 2, sometimes 20. Last night was 3. I was feeling that lovely mellow feeling where your whole body tingles and then feels all relaxed as if you had been massaged for an hour. Ahh… So poor Grant had to wait a minute while I savoured that delicious feeling. Then, I aimed myself at something else delicious – his cock! 

Grant has quite a sensitive cock and he loves it when it is deep inside my mouth. I licked it, I sucked it, I fucked it with my face. I gripped the shaft and gave it some gentle massage while concentrating my mouth on just the head. I played with his balls and gave them a gentle lick and suck too. My tongue circled around and played little games flicking across the eye of his hard cock. He made little moaning noises of pleasure as I pushed my face deep into his groin with his dick tickling the back of my throat. I felt his whole body tense as I managed to push down far enough for my lips to get right around the base of his hard dick. Breathing became something I did in between movements so that I could fuck him with my mouth. I kept my hand near to his balls, feeling for when the moment was about to arrive. It didn't take too long – after all, it was the first time I had stimulated him in that manner so he was pleasantly surprised. J As I licked, sucked and tugged on his incredibly hard dick I could see he was in another world entirely. His legs tensed and his balls became a little raised – I knew it was time to choose. 

Do I slow things down so that the moment can last longer or do I keep things going so that he can cum and feel blown away by the whole experience? Being his first time with such pleasures from me, I decided to go for the latter. I kept the momentum going and if anything let it get a little faster and more frenzied. He became tense in a slightly different way as he realised that I wasn't stopping – wondering if I was aware of where he was at. I gave a little encouraging moan and sped up a little more. By that stage, my pussy was wet again as I felt the pleasure he was getting from my attentions. Then, the moment came. He filled my mouth with cum that tasted as sweet as could be. I waited until my mouth was bursting and then took a swallow before giving his cock the last gentle clean with my lips and tongue. Yummy!

Being the first time I had done that for him, I was happy to leave the evening at that. He seemed in high spirits so we just lay there for a while in our own little world of contentment. Of course, we have made plans for next week so the story isn't going to stop here. No, this is just an introduction and a prelude of things to come so stay tuned!