 There was an insistent tapping on Michael's door that, considering it was after 2 am, he wanted nothing more than to ignore. After several minutes, he realized that the disturbance was not going to go away and it must be addressed.

"Do you have any idea..." he said irritably as he swung open the door. All agitation was lost as he realized who had been rapping, tapping on his chamber door. Vanessa, the long time object of his affections was standing on his front step, her long overcoat slipping open to revel that she wasn't wearing much underneath. 

"Are you daft? Get in here before someone sees you like that and calls the police for indecent exposure!" he said, grabbing her arm and pulling her inside. She looked him up and down salaciously. 

"My, my, Michael- I never realized you were so buff. It's hard to tell with all those frumpy sweaters you wear all the time," she purred, reaching out to touch his bare chest. He self-consciously stepped back, just out of her reach. He'd fantasized about her coming into his office after a particularly boring faculty meeting and seducing him on his desk but he never believed the somewhat demure, bookish professor standing before him could be so blatantly sexual in real life. He stared hard at her, trying to reconcile what he knew of Vanessa with what was standing before him, hands on her hips, coyly looking up at him through sex kitten hair and thick black lashes. 

"Are you drunk?" he asked, finally mustering the nerve. 

She laughed. "No. I had a few martinis this afternoon, but it's been at least 12 hours." Her face fell. "I'm actually quite sober now. Why do you ask?" 

"You're just not much like yourself," he replied. 

She looked thoughtful for a moment. "Well, first, there's a lot that you don't know about me, but really, I don't feel much like myself either. My girlfriend and I broke up today, for good this time, and just to be completely honest, I'm in need of cock in a really bad way." 

"Pardon?!" he choked.

She smiled. "Which part?"

"I don't even know where to begin. Girlfriend? And you're here looking for sex?" He couldn't believe the words coming out of his mouth. Here, the woman that he thought about as he masturbated in the shower was telling him she needed his cock and he was grilling her. Obviously the lack of sleep was messing with his normal male faculties. 

"Well, I have needs that Abigail just couldn't meet. I was after all, with a man when she and I met. She wasn't interested in bringing anyone else into our relationship, which I could respect, but she also wasn't interested in finding creative ways to take care of these needs. But really, it's neither here nor there. I'm not looking to lie on your couch and confess my problems. I'm here looking for something a little... deeper. Do you think you can assist me?" she said, grinning broadly, eyes full of flat out lust. 

"Umm... this isn't really the romantic proposal I had in mind when the thought of having sex with you entered my mind, but..." he stopped, looking her up and down to make sure that this was really happening. He'd been attracted to her since the day she came to teach at the university. Working with her for almost two years and seeing what a bright and interesting woman she was had made his simple lust grow into something more. Would giving into her desire tonight make anything more than that impossible in the future? Would turning her down close the door on not only a future, but also their friendship? She could tell he was having an internal debate, so she stepped up to the plate. 

"Here, why don't you just lean back against this for now and I'll let you think for a bit," she said, gently pushing him back towards his large mahogany desk. Once he was half-sitting on the edge, she stepped back and untied the belt of her overcoat. She slowly pulled it off her shoulders and onto the floor. The black negligee she was wearing underneath was mostly sheer- her breasts were full and perky- topped with dark little hard nipples. He was very impressed- her body was even more amazing than he imagined, and she, unlike he, often wore clothing that accentuated her lovely figure. Pencil skirts and silk blouses were her favorite staples. 

She stepped close again. His cock was now painfully hard and straining against the fabric of his boxers. He was surprised the button hadn't popped off yet. She ran her nails gently down his chest to the waist band of his boxers and slowly pulled them down, going to her knees as she did. She took him in her hands, lightly stroking the shaft while looking up at him with wide innocent eyes. Well, almost innocent. 

She kissed the tip of his cock, letting her tongue circle around the head and then flicker along the underside. She looked up at him again, to see if his mental debate was coming to an end or not. Then, without warning, she plunged his entire cock into her mouth, wrapping her lips tightly around the base and slowly pulling back up. 

"Oh god," he whispered as she began to fuck him with her mouth. Her tongue was caressing all the right spots. He'd never been deep throated before but now he realized why there were so many adult movies devoted to it. It was better than sex in some ways. She picked up her pace and his breathing became faster and louder. There wasn't a single thought in his head other than how great her mouth felt on his dick. Then, as suddenly as she began, she stopped. 

"You know, I've always loved giving head. It's not just because I get to enjoy knowing that I have the skills and the power to make a man come with just my mouth, but also because the sex afterwards last forever." She was stroking his balls and inner thighs. Her eyes locked on his again, her mouth in an impish smirk. "Are you ready to play?" She was poised, waiting to descend upon his cock again. 

"Oh yeah," he replied, watching her with voyeuristic pleasure. She started stroking his cock while running her tongue in circles around the tip. Nibbling up and down the shaft followed before she began fucking him with her mouth again. She was more than amazing. 

"Vanessa, I'm about- oh god, I'm about to.. you know," he said breathlessly only a few minutes later. He was too wrapped up in the intensity of the sensations to be embarrassed by how short a performance he was putting on. She seemed to ignore his warning. Instead she grabbed his ass cheeks and pulled him deeper into her mouth and before he could say anything else, he was coming hard. She sucked him dry and even after he was done, she still sucked. He whimpered, on the edge of painful pleasure. 

"Vanessa, stop, please," he begged, trying to hold her head back. She grabbed his wrists and thumped the tip of his dick with her tongue and he found resistance to be futile. When she finally stopped and pulled back to admire her work, his cock was still full on hard. 

"Now for the sex," she said matter of factly, standing up. His cheeks were flushed and little beads of sweat glistened at his hair line. She hadn't even broken a sweat. 

"I know you're the romantic type, but I'm in need of a good hard fucking. Maybe we can be all rose petals and scented candles next time," she said, grinding her body against his and biting his nipple. He cried out, involuntarily. 

"Oh, maybe you're not up to this," she taunted, turning away. 

He grabbed a handful of her hair at the back of her head and pulled her back to him. "Oh, I'm certainly up for this," he replied, kissing her roughly and biting her bottom lip. "On the rug, now," he growled, unsure of where this show of dominance was coming from but kind of liking it. She kneeled on the rug, tearing her negligee off. She spread her knees and slipped her fingers down over her clit and into her pussy. Her head fell back as she fingered herself. She pulled out two glistening fingers and slowly licked them clean. 

He grabbed her wrists and commanded, "On your hands and knees." She complied with a smile.

He slipped inside her with ease, although she was very tight. Her shaved pussy felt like velvet as he pulled his cock out and rubbed it up and down her slit, making sure to bump her clit as much as possible. 

"How do you want to be fucked?" he asked, grabbing her hair and pulling her up on her knees. He reached around with his other hand and grasped her breast, pinching her already hard nipple. Wrapping her hair around his hand to give him greater control, he pulled her head to the side, baring her neck. He nibbled on her earlobe, then gently bit her neck a few times. She moaned, so he bit her harder- hard enough that there would definitely be a mark there in the morning and she just sighed in ecstasy. 

"Fuck me hard, I've been a bad girl," she said in a voice that made his cock even harder. He let go of her hair and shoved her back down on her hands. He smacked her lovely round ass before sliding back into her hot tight pussy. Grabbing her ass, he took a few slow strokes and then began pounding away. She was rocking her hips against him to get a deeper, harder stroke. Her moans told him that she was getting close to coming, so he started fucking even faster. Their sweaty bodies smacked together and she just cried "Harder, harder!"

Just when he thought he might pass out or die, her body tensed and she cried out in pleasure. He could feel her pussy spasming around his cock as she came. He pushed as deep as he could then started taking slow long strokes after her body stopped trembling. 

"You ok," he asked, worried by her absolute silence. 

"Oh yeah," she replied, her face against the rug. 

"More?" he asked.

"More," she replied. 

By the time he came, she had come twice more. As he held himself deep within her, she slipped down into a laying posture. He followed, not ready to leave her tight warmth. Supporting most of his upper body on his elbows, he kissed along the back of her neck. She was sweet and salty and he already knew he needed more of her. 

She wiggled up a little, his signal to roll off her and let her up. His knees were bright red, even in the dim light. He could only imagine how bad her knees and elbows would be. She was so small and fragile looking now- such a change from how she had seemed when she had arrived. She rolled over on her side, propped her head on her hand and smiled at him. Her eyes were half closed in contentment, her cheeks and breasts tinged with the bright blush of afterglow. He looked over at the clock- 4:45 am. He just might have to cancel his first few classes of the day. 

"Bedtime?" he asked, running his fingers softly down her arm and back up again. 

"Umhum," she mumbled, nodding slightly. 

He scooped her up and carried her to his bedroom. As he climbed in bed behind her, she snuggled back into him, wiggling her ass against his cock. He could feel himself getting hard again, already. Perhaps it might be best if he just went ahead and canceled all his classes for the day. He had the feeling that he might wind up being bed ridden after they got a nap in.