 I thought I might share how we "normally" have sex with each other. Most erotic writing is about the "special occasion" stuff, but here's the kind of thing we do on the other days…

I was sleeping on my left side, facing away from him, hugging a pillow to my chest as I usually do. It began with the familiar touch on my right hip followed by a hand sliding down to the crease under my bottom. It was the middle of the night. Hubby was awake and was getting frisky. 

He was on his back and slid over beside me. He started groping with his left hand, doing who-knows-what with his right. 

Through the fog of half-sleep, I relaxed and enjoyed it. There wasn't anything I needed to do except lay here and get molested. His fingers explored around the crack and ventured between. Sometimes he held the cheeks open and slid a finger around; sometimes he just squeezed various parts of my anatomy.

His hand slid up to the side of my hip and the fingers slid around to the front. He had to reach a little, but he found the northeast corner of my triangle, fluffing the first few hairs and inciting a ticking/twitching sensation that spread quickly downward. 

He was still on his back. As I slowly reached consciousness, I could feel his hips thrusting, fucking some invisible woman straddled over him. I heard the soft humming of a vibrator throbbing as he pressed it into his member in rhythmic pulses. 

Next, his hand slid up my side and down my back, pausing at my tailbone to press me into the bed a little. These are the feelings I would have if he were hugging me from the front or had his arms wrapped around me. 

It's part of the deal. My body is his to play with 24 hours a day. The same goes for me, of course, but he does it a lot more often than I do. He gropes, feels, squeezes, explores and otherwise plays with me. It's soothing. It's a comforting, protective part of my life. I know I'm home and safe when I wake up to my husband’s hands gently groping me.

Soon, I was awake. I turned on my other side to face him and slid down under his arm, tucking my head on his shoulder. His arm wrapped around my shoulders and pulled me into a tight hug. We were both naked so he got to feel my boobies and I got some nice access to his hairy chest. 

My leg looped over his and I pressed my hips toward him. He likes to feel my inner parts and I like having them pressed into the muscles of his hip and thigh. He turned his head to kiss me and savor a few seconds of tasty tongue exchange. 

All the while, the soft hum of the vibrator pulsed as he pressed it into the base and rolled it up and down the topside of his shaft. I didn’t need to help much. His right hand and the vibrator would make him come. I could, however, add some extra flavor and texture.

Completing my embrace, I slid my right arm under him and ran my fingers across his chest to his right nipple. For whatever reason, he likes it when I play with that one more than the other. I used my nails to flick and scratch. His hips thrust even more. I kissed his ear and explored the forest of his chest, combing my finger through the hair. 

He was getting close. He moved his left arm from my shoulders down to the middle of my back, pulling me tighter. I hugged him closer too. I slid my fingertips down to his thigh and played with the little valley beside his balls, then went lower and pressed gently between them and slightly below them. 

He moaned... I tickled with my other fingers while my middle two kept kneaded the bump at the internal base of his dick. It was effortless but effective. He moaned again and squeezed me even tighter, crushing me with his powerful arm and hand. I closed my eyes. 

Here we go... 

He cried out just a little. I kissed his ear several times around the outer rim. 

His spasms were nice and strong, each driving his dick upward into the invisible pussy. I felt some of the come land on my forearm. The rest scattered, some on his belly, some on the top sheet. I slid my hand up the shaft and milked it. The vibrator moved away slightly and I gave him a finishing hand job. He had already had most of his orgasm and this was the polish. He could relax now and just enjoy it. 

All the muscles in his legs and hips and arms were taut. I put my index and middle finger back down at the base, at the bulge, and pressed, milking my way up the underside of the shaft. A big glob of come came out and oozed onto my thumb... I did it again... more came out. 

Switching to a lighter touch, I caressed the underside of the shaft with all four fingers and stroked the topside with my thumb. He was done throbbing but still had a few body-shivering after-shocks to go. 

I whispered, very softly, directly into his ear, "I love you." They were the first words we had actually spoken. He turned his head to me and slid his too-strong arm up my back, pulling my head to him with gusto. A rough, firm, invasive kiss was my reply. Then came a gentle peck on the lips and a lick of my lips with his tongue. 

He turned the rest of his body toward me, wrapped his arms around me and held me. I gasped and sank into the bed, letting him possess me. "I love you too," He whispered. His right hand slid down my back and cupped my bottom. He pressed his body into me and kissed me again. I giggled in the pleasure of uncertainty. Did he want more? Would he climb on top of me and fuck me? I didn’t care either way. I didn’t need it just then but I certainly wasn’t going to resist him.

He was still leaning, looming over me, and he was still hard. The tip was poking between my legs, poised and ready. It was wet and sticky. My arm was still sticky. His tummy was still sticky and there was a wet spot on the top sheet. I brought my left thumb to my mouth and licked the remnants of his come. The strong, dark, salty taste could be either an appetizer or a desert. The rest of my body ached to know its fate.

He pulled the blankets up, relaxed and hugged me tighter to him as we went back to sleep.

--- Please vote and send feedback. I'd love hearing from you.