 Author's Note: Thanks to Sexy Geek for editing the manuscript. A second pair of eyes catches a lot of mistakes. Commentators on my first effort were correct on this point. 

***** 

Ten on Saturday morning at Sail Bay in Mission Bay in San Diego was a standard meeting time for the little group to assemble. They towed their catamarans, set them up and launched them, sailing around the point to beach them in front of their friends who were setting out towels and coolers to get them through the day. They took turns sailing, chatting, napping, and of course having a beer or two, though after a weekend or two of too much beer[,] water was preferred most of the day. 

They were not full time beachgoers, but engineers who had been hired by a big aerospace company to develop an unmanned aircraft project. This little bunch was mostly software and computer engineers, in their early or mid-twenties with not much experience in work or life. Bud is 6'5", 230 lbs, with brown hair and brown eyes. He came from a little town in West Virginia, went to a college in North Carolina on football scholarship (then he weighed almost 280 playing offensive line), earned a degree in computer science and followed that with a Master's degree in computer engineering. 

Most were unattached, though Bud has a live-in girlfriend named Lacey he met while in grad school. She is more than girlfriend. Before they left for North Carolina, Bud gave Lacey the wedding ring he inherited when his grandmother died a decade before. Of course the first thing Lacey asked was, "Are we engaged?" 

Bud's response was, "Nope, not yet. This is an 'off the market' ring. After we live out there for a while we'll know whether we should get married or not. Until then, it will keep from guys hitting on you. If you hand it back to be, it will mean we are over. But I hope you end up wearing it for a while." Needless to say, enthusiastic love-making ensued. 

The rest of the group came from all over. Bill is from Michigan, Mark is from Arizona, Mike is from Arizona too, Pete is from Connecticut, Ed is from North Dakota, Veronica is from San Diego, Elaine is from Los Angeles, Sandy is from somewhere in the Midwest, Peggy is from Seattle, and Jing-Wei is from Hong Kong but grew up in San Francisco. She long ago anglicized her name to Jinny. 

Normally Lacey is the first one at the beach and the last to leave, but she had problems on her project and her group was asked to work Saturday. 

As a country boy from the east, Bud did not meet many Chinese people, so Jinny was interesting and exotic to him. She was just over five feet tall, round face, curvy body, and dark tan from the beach and sunbathing on her condo's porch. They were all rather tan from summer in San Diego and were to young o worry about the scare of skin cancer. 

Jinny had flirted with Bud as she had all the other men, but she never accepted a date with any of guys. No one knew why, but she was funny, sexy, and bubbly and everyone accepted her as part of our group. 

Bud thought she was sexy and loved here round firm breasts that filled the top of her two piece very fully. She was always ready to be his crew on his catamaran. She loved to fly along the water as the wind pushed the sails with enough force to get one pontoon out of the water and balance on its edge, water splashing into their faces. It was exhilarating. 

Bud had beached his boat after launching and walked up and arranged his stuff next to Jinny, who was already laying face up, sunglasses on, sunscreen slathered over every square inch of her, soaking up the warm July sun. The marine layer called June Gloom disappeared in July, so by 10:30 it was sunny. Fortunately the water temperature of the Pacific and the coolness of the bay kept temperatures below 80 at Mission Beach. 

Jinny asked, "Where's Lacey?" 

"She had to work today," Bud said. 

"Bummer," she acknowledged. I could have sworn a smile ran over her face. 

"I'm going to go get the trap suits and stuff. Want to go out for a while?" 

"I thought you'd never ask," she said, smiling excitedly. "Come and get me when you are ready to shove off. Right now I'm too comfortable in the sun to get up." 

Bud retrieved the trap suits and floatation vests from his truck and put them on the boat's trampoline. He figured they would be out for a while so he went up to his cooler to get some water. As he walked up the sand he almost fell over when he saw Jinny. Her tanned legs were spread and the loose cotton bottom of her suit had exposed the smoothest, creamiest oriental peach he had ever seen. (Of course it was also the first oriental one he had seen, though he had seen quite a few others.) 

He stopped in his tracks, unsure of what to do. No one else had the view point he did so no one else could see this vision. She must have been waxed for there was not a single hair to be seen. It was round and plump with a slit running down. She was not aroused so there was no swelling or color, nor the ambrosia of a woman ready for sex. It was a little less dark than her exposed skin. 

His twenty something mind stopped working rationally as he tried to devise a way to exploit the situation. Finally he convinced himself it must be accidental and decided to change her to a more modest position without her knowing it. He flopped down on the towel and grabbed a bottle of water from the cooler. He opened it and drained about half of it, then touched her arm with the cold bottle, which was enough to startle her and she shifted position. 

"Want a drink before we go out?" he asked. 

"Thanks." she took the bottle and drank from it then raised herself to her feet. 

"Let's hit it!" she said exuberantly, kicking off her flip flops and trotting to the boat barefoot. She was putting on her gear as he started pushing the boat into the water. When it was floating he donned his gear. 

She waded gingerly into the water to get on the boat. Bud grinned at her and grabbed her hips and lifted her onto the boat. She gave a delighted squeal. He pushed them out and the sails caught some wind and they were off. They rushed across the bay back and forth for almost an hour and decided to just float around for a while. He loosened the sails so they would just drift with the wind and they stretched out on the trampoline with their heads on the floatation gear for a pillow. 

They chatted idly for a while, exchanging work gossip and rumors, the general state of the world, and plans for upcoming vacations. Bud's curiosity got the better of him, and he asked her about not dating. 

"Jinny, how come you never go out with any of the guys? Do you have a secret boyfriend or something? I suppose it's none of my business, but I'm curious. You are a really beautiful, sexy, and fun woman so I know lots of guys would love to go out with you." 

Her face quickly tightened into its serious thoughtful mien. She tried first to parry with humor, "It's because I want you, and you're taken," she said with a forced chuckle. 

Bud countered, "Lacey wouldn't mind a day off from me every once in a while. Maybe you could work out a time share with her." 

Jinny laughed, recognizing she wasn't going to be able to dodge the question, and turned serious again. "OK. This is between you and me and Lacey, since I imagine you'll tell this to her anyway. Please don't tell the others though. 

"You know that I moved to America from Hong Kong when I was very little. It was just my sister, my mother and I. I am not sure what happened to my father. She said he died, but something never added up about that story, and I wonder what really happened. I was young enough that starting over in America was not too hard after I learned the language. The Bay area is great because there is such a great mix of Anglos, Chinese, Hispanic and just about anything else, so we are all 'normal' and used to being with each other. 

"My mother is very traditional about matters of family and marriage. She thinks marriage combines families. She does not want to be joined with an Anglo family, so she expects me to find a Chinese guy and marry him. 

"Here's my problem. I don't like Chinese guys. I don't think they are sexy. I like big strong Anglo guys that are at least six feet tall. You are the best example I've ever known well. Tall, strong, smart, more or less handsome," she grinned as she made the dig. 

"I hang out with you guys because everybody gets treated the same- teased, supported, helped, hurt, whatever. No hierarchies about who is the best, smartest, richest, toughest, prettiest. When I hang out with Chinese people they are always comparing size of wedding rings or who got promoted or whether his BMW cost more than your Mercedes or stuff like that. I want to work with you guys, play with you guys, but I can't be intimate with anyone of you." She was tearing up. 

"I don't go on dates because I don't want to fall in love with someone my mother will not allow me to marry. I respect my mother enough I would not marry without her approval. Can you understand that?" she was weeping, and he reached over with one arm and slid her to him, to cuddle with her to comfort her. She was sobbing into his chest. 

He gently lifted her face to his and began kissing away the tears. Her convulsive sobs subsided and he held her. 

She lifted her mouth to his and kissed him. "Thanks for understanding Bud." She kissed him again with passion. She started probing with her tongue and he had to defend with a counterattack. They were kissing, groping, and had forgotten where they were. He slipped his hand to her chest and slipped it under the fabric of her top, feeling her nipple harden on his fingers. She stiffened and pushed away. 

"No Bud, I can't let this go too far. Besides, look how close to shore we are." They were about fifty yards from shore drifting towards it. He was flustered, aroused, and a bit confused on what had happened. Jinny was too. 

They hauled in the sheets so the sails could propel the boat and began tacking upwind until they got to sail bay. He dropped her off with instructions to get his truck keys and meet him at the ramp. He was going to call it a day. It was around 3 pm and he wanted to be home when Lacey got back from work. 

He had the boat on the trailer and was preparing it to haul home. Jinny was helping, putting things in the back of the truck and helping with the straps that secured the boat to the trailer. Their conversation was focused on the task at hand. 

"Can you give me a ride home? I think I want to get back too. I came with Mark and those guys will probably stay until dark," Jinny asked. 

"No problem," Bud said. Her condo was about a half mile from his place. "I'll park the boat and then take you home." 

As they pulled up to her place she asked, "Do you want to come in for a minute? I can give you a Diet Pepsi." Diet Pepsi was Bud's caffeine addiction at the time. 

"Anything for a Diet Pepsi," he laughed. 

She opened the door and he scooped her up easily and took a few steps and dumped her unceremoniously on her couch. She giggled, "I love when you do that. You just pick me up and throw me around like a little doll. I really get hot when you do that." 

She got off the couch and went to her kitchen began fixing their drinks. Actually she fixed her drink with ice in a glass. She just handed him the cold can. They moved to the couch and sat down, putting their drinks on the coffee table. 

There was silence, some tension building. She broke it. "Bud, about what happened. I don't regret it. I liked it. I liked it too much. I really want more, but you've got Lacey and I don't want to break that up. Lacey is just about my best friend." She leaned over and kissed him, and snuggled in under his arm, head on his chest. 

"I liked it too Jinny. I've always thought you were special to me, not because of that 'exotic Oriental' thing but somehow we just connect. Don't worry about Lacey and me, we're pretty solid. One thing you don't know is we are kind of open about our relationship. If either of us happens into a situation where sex is involved, it's not a big deal to either of us, as long as it stays casual. 

"Lacey likes you too. You've given us a lot of education on how to be a laid back Californian. Now I have to go and get cleaned up before Lacey comes home. I'll tell her to give you a call. She will probably want to go shopping tomorrow- happens every time she works on Saturday." 

Bud got up, grabbed her at the waist and set her feet down on the coffee table. That way she was almost eye level with him. He wrapped his arms around her back and held her to him. She tried to put her arms around his back but her hands couldn't meet. They had a nice deep sexy kiss. He loved the feel of her big breasts crushed against his chest, her long hard nipples poking at him. 

They reluctantly separated and she walked him to the door. She pulled his head down for a final friendly peck and said, "Thanks for today. Everything." 

Lacey got home around 4:30. She kissed Bud as she came in. "What a day. I am beat. I don't know if we got a damn thing done." She looked exasperated. "I feel the need for a nice run, want to join me?" 

"Not tonight. Sailing wore me out." 

"How about I run and you go to store and get something for dinner- maybe chicken to grill and a salad. And wine, I definitely need some wine tonight. Get two bottles." With that, she was off to change. 

Over dinner Bud described the events of the day to Lacey. She was intrigued by Jinny's revelation, and amused by the brief make out session. Bud also mentioned that she should give Jinny a call about shopping. They cleaned up after dinner and were sitting on the couch drinking wine. 

"Jinny really is a little hottie. She turns me on too. Maybe we can all play together." Lacey had a conspiratorial grin. "I'll definitely call her. Some 'retail therapy' is what I need after today." She laughed, and picked up the phone to arrange a shopping date with Jinny. 

From her days playing on the basketball team, volleyball team and on the track team, Lacey had experienced a couple of sexual interludes with teammates who were total and aggressive lesbians. Lacey took the encounters in stride and enjoyed them for what they were to her- just a different way to have sex. 

When they were in college she brought a friend or two over to spice things up in their relationship but since they had arrived in California she had not made any such friends. From her occasional comments Bud knew she would take advantage of any situation that she thought would please the both of them. 

When Lacey hung up the phone she said, "There. Our plans are made. I figure we'll try on bathing suits and I'll hit on her in the dressing room and see what kind of a response I get. I'll ask her for dinner after and if she accepts things could be plenty hot tomorrow." 

Bud could see that the potential seduction of Jinny was turning her on immensely. Her beautiful blue eyes were wide open, and her nipples were poking through her t-shirt. Her face turned sultry. 

"It's Saturday night, there's nothing on TV and I don't want to go out. Let's go to bed." Her voice was deep and sexy. It was a command, not a request. 

"But first I have to check my boy for sunburn. I don't want him getting skin cancer or something." With that she pulled his t-shirt over his head and starting running her hands all over his chest, back and arms. She nipped at his nipples a couple of times and gave him a gentle bite on his shoulder. She drew her tongue up his neck to his ear and chewed in his earlobe, blowing into his ear. Bud shivered and goose bumps appeared. His cock was at full mast and getting harder. 

"You better check me too. You never know what kind of effect on your skin those fluorescent lights will have," she laughed as she threw off her t-shirt and displayed her heavy breasts to me. 

Lacey is a big girl, about 5-10, and she weighs around 140 but she is very fit. She has light brown hair that sun bleaches to blond, and skin that tans easily. She has a big frame, and her body is strong from growing up on her parents' farm, helping with whatever work needed to be done. Being on the college volleyball and track teams simply added to that foundation. Her bra size is 36 C, and she has big brown crinkly areolas and her nipples can stick out ¾ of an inch when they have been sucked and pinched- which was Bud's immediate plan. Her breasts are firm, and feel almost muscular. 

Bud grabbed her breast and pushed her back on the couch covering her mouth with his. There was just lust in their kiss, no romance or tenderness. His hand roughly manhandled her breast and he pinched and twisted her nipple hard. 

"Oh! More!" she grunted though the kiss. He left her mouth and made hard sucking kisses down her neck to her other nipple. He sucked it in along with all of her breast that would fit. She grabbed his head and held it tight to her tit. He chewed on what he could, his tongue flailing any surface it could find. The sensations created by hos HIS mouth and hands on her breasts and nipples directly excited her clit and pussy. 

"Ooohh ssshhhiitttt!" she screamed as she came hard from the nipple play. Her grip on his head loosened and he kissed down her flat hard stomach to her belly button and tongued it until she came back from her orgasm. 

"Fuck the bed," she groaned, as she pushed him off and starting pulling her shorts off. "We're going to test the couch tonight." 

She stood up quickly to get rid of her shorts. Her neatly trimmed brown curly bush came into view. Her inner lips were flushed and open and he could feel the heat radiating from her and he could smell the pungent aroma of her arousal. 

He was transfixed looking at her pussy, just frozen in the moment. He was still sitting on the couch with his shorts on making no move to remove them. 

"Goddammit, Bud! Get those shorts off NOW! I need your cock in me before I bust!" She yanked at his arm to get himup. She is strong and the jerk on his arm hurt. Before Bud could get fully standing she had ripped his shorts down to his ankles, knelt to her knees and taken his cock into her mouth. 

Lacey sucked hard on his cock. She grabbed his butt with both hands and jerked him forward to ram his cock all the way into her throat. Her nose was firm[LY] embedded in his groin and she was moaning on his cock. He tried to push her head away. 

"God Lacey, I'm about to come. Ease up!" he groaned. 

She was having none of it. She pulled his butt harder. Suddenly one hand moved and he felt a finger go right up his ass and punch into his prostate. No human male could hold back from that treatment. 

Mount St. Helens spewed from his balls down her throat. An enormous wave of high pressure cum jetted directly into her stomach. That was followed by more explosions and then a lava flow of cum. 

It wasn't the amount of cum that made her gag, it was the sudden expansion of my HIS cock in her already stretched throat. 

Lacey pulled back and looked up at him with the smile of the new world champion. "I can give the best head in the world when I want to!" she announced. 

"God Lacey, where did you learn that finger trick? I thought my cock was going to blow up and take your head with it. I never felt anything like that ever." 

His cock had softened but not deflated. Just looking at Lacey's beaming blue eyes and her gorgeous breasts was getting him hard again. 

Lacey laid down on the couch, one leg over the back of the couch and the other foot on the floor. She was wide open for him. She was so sexy lying there, beckoning him. 

"Come on, Bud. It's hard enough. Put it in my pussy and I'll make sure it gets real hard." 

He rubbed her pussy mount a little, and let a couple of fingers tease her pussy lips. He put a finger in her and slowly moved it in and out. Her eyes closed and her hips started to roll. "Bud," she wined desperately, "I want your cock not your finger." 
