 As the sun began to set outside the three of us dozed in Amanda and Michelle's cabana, sweaty and nude after fucking each other senseless following a day at Orient Beach. I couldn't believe my luck - my first day on vacation and I'd already ended up in an absolute dream scenario. As I came to, I sat up and lazily traced a circle around Michelle's tiny right nipple. She let out a giggle and turned towards me, pressing her large, tanlined breasts into my chest.

"So," Michelle started, "we should probably make plans for dinner. Would you care to join us tonight, Matt? I feel like it's only friendly to invite you after we all got to know each other so well today." she said with a smirk.

"Of course - I'd love to. Any place you girls have in mind? I'll let you lead the way." 

Amanda sprung up excitedly, her breasts jiggling, recommending her favorite local restaurant in Orient Village, and suggested that I had better head back to my hotel to get ready, as it was already nearing 7pm. I begrudgingly sat up in bed and crawled over the two utterly relaxed women to grab my shorts from my beach bag. Pulling the board shorts back on after spending the day naked was definitely a bummer, but I made plans to meet the girls at Orient Village at 9 for dinner, and began the walk back to my hotel.

Strolling back down the now-deserted beach, I felt completely at ease. What a day! The water gently lapped against the shoreline as I made my way back to the Esmeralda, and few sun-worshippers were left on Orient aside from some clothed tourists walking the length of the beach.

Upon reaching my hotel, I swiped into my room and started up a hot shower to rinse off the salt and sweat, still nurturing a semi-hard cock and fighting the urge to masturbate as I soaped myself up, replaying the hot scenes of the day in my mind. Wrapping myself in a towel, I stepped out onto my balcony to dry off in the open air, gazing out at the water.

I pulled on a pair of designer jeans and a linen shirt, stepped into a pair of flip flops, and walked over to the now-bustling Orient Village area to meet Michelle and Amanda. Amanda had reserved a table at Le Piment, and the girls were waiting outside at the entrance to the restaurant when I arrived. Amanda, the blonde, was dressed in tiny white shorts and a flowing flowered top without a bra, her long hair still salty and wild from the day. An elaborate necklace draped around her neck drew attention directly to her breasts, which were unmistakably perky this evening. Michelle wore a blue and white beach cover up and had pulled her hair up into a messy bun.

"Matt! There you are - I hardly recognized you - you know - with clothes on!" Michelle joked when she saw me.

"Well, after all, you already saw me in my best outfit at the beach, I guess anything else would naturally be a disappointment!" I replied as we were quickly escorted to our table by the maitre'd.

As we sat, drank wine, and were in the midst of our meal, we became aware that the group of four next to our table had been listening to our conversation rather acutely. Granted we had been vividly recounting the fun we'd had earlier, and discussing plans to take the Tiko Tiko nude cruise to Tintamarre later in the week rather loudly, but it was clear the people next to us we eavesdropping most of the night. As I picked up the check for our table at the end of our meal, the waiter brought over a bottle of some of the restaurant's specialty rum. I was pouring shots for Amanda and Michelle when suddenly one of the neighboring group - a late-20's, all-American looking blonde woman - leaned over to us to enter the conversation.

"Excuse me for interrupting, but we've sort of been listening in to you guys tonight and we're FASCINATED! Did you guys say you spent the day at the NUDIST beach? I heard about it earlier and I'm intrigued!" Her other female friend giggled nervously, while their male companions seemed nonplussed by the exchange.

"Why yes, we LOVE the nude side!" Amanda answered her excitedly, "We're staying there, actually. It was Matt here's first time on a nude beach as well today, as a matter of fact!"

"Wow! That seems brave! So...is it definitely something to check out while we're here?" the girl grinned widely; I could tell just talking about going nude was beginning to turn her on.

"Oh absolutely - you HAVE to check it out. Come by the Perch Bar during happy hour tomorrow! We'll be there." Michelle laughed as she took a shot of her rum.

"Well...maybe, I think I'd have to work up the courage." the girl responded, though I noticed she stole a glance or two at me while speaking to Amanda and Michelle. "Are you guys like, nudists?"

"I mean, you could say that." Amanda laughed. "He's on his way there too!" she said, motioning to me with a grin.

"As a fellow newbie, I'll even buy you your first drink if you end up coming by." I said, inviting myself along (though assuming Amanda and Michelle wouldn't mind at all - I got the sense they very much enjoyed the attention I provided them!)

The girl returned to her group's conversation as they chattered excitedly, I assume about whether or not they'd have the guts to make it over to Club Orient the next day. Amanda, Michelle and I got up to head back, though having had so much to drink over the day we decided it best to call it an early night and head back to our separate hotels.

Day 2

The next morning I awoke in my room at the Esmeralda and quickly checked myself to determine whether or not I had dreamed the entire previous day. The sun streamed through the windows in my room, and I got out of bed and slid the door open to my balcony, taking in the humid Caribbean air and the sight of the aquamarine Orient Bay. Nursing a bit of a hangover, I grabbed a rum out of the minibar and took a shot to ease the dull throbbing - leave the judgement at home, I was on vacation!

I ate breakfast at the hotel, striking up a conversation with a mid-40's Frenchman who happened to be wearing the same Rolex Submariner I was. He was an entertaining fellow - still drunk from the night before, in his estimation - and his wife was somewhere around here waiting for him to join her and hit the beach. He and I turned out to be in similar lines of work, and we decided if either one of us needed a drinking partner we'd seek each other out at the hotel bar.

Heading back to my room to grab my towel and bag for the beach, I realized I had to play it cool with the two cougars from yesterday. Though they were extremely quick to pounce yesterday, I thought, it'd be best to feel out the situation and play it by ear when I inevitably ran into them today. "Who am I kidding," I thought, "We'll all be drunk and fucking again before any of us knows it anyway, if yesterday was any indication."

At this point, the clothed side of the beach was more of a nuisance that had to be walked through rather than a viable option for a place to spend the day. I headed to the beach at Club Orient, passing the now-familiar famous signage, and grabbed a chair and umbrella only a few rows down from the bar area. As it was still relatively early in the day, people were still filing in, and the immediately neighboring chairs were empty at this point. 

I pulled off my board shorts and sprayed on a coat of sunscreen, then sat back to read and catch some sun. Paying attention to my leisure reading was difficult, however, as people-watching became a clear distraction! Directly in front of me, walking into the surf, was the petite, short-haired French brunette from the KonTiki bar the previous day. She had shed her thong, clearly, and sported a gleaming white thong tanline which split her backside against a deep tan everywhere else. Playing in the water, she turned towards me to display a neatly trimmed but thick black bush of pubic hair - sort of a wider landing strip style, if you will - her small but perky breasts seemingly perfectly proportioned to her fit frame. The French woman then yelled over to a man - I assumed her husband - and jogged athletically back up the beach to him, laughing. I'd be lying if I said my cock didn't stir a bit watching her play in the waves!

"Excuse me, do you mind if I take this seat?" a woman's voice said just then, with a soft American southern accent.

The voice belonged to the pale woman I had initially sat down next to the day before - the one who had been with the husband who refused to take off his shorts, if I recall correctly.

"Not at all, feel free. I'm Matt, by the way. I think I sat down next to you and your husband here yesterday." I said.

"Oh yes, I recognized you. I'm Sarah, it's so nice to meet you Matt! As for my husband...well, he doesn't really enjoy the idea of getting naked out here. Burns easily, he says! I think he's just kind of a wimp to tell you the truth." she said, laughing as she laid out her towel on the chair and began stripping out of her bikini. "He wanted to do one of those jet ski sightseeing tours today, and I have no real interest in that, so I figured I'd just spend the day at the beach!"

"Nice to meet you, Sarah. That sounds exactly like what I've got planned. A few drinks and some sun - I just got here yesterday so I'm still in my "unwinding" phase." I said to her, surveying her body. Sarah was clearly not a regular nudist - her skin was fair, she seemed to be a natural redhead judging by the auburn patch of pubic hair above a soft pink slit. Her breasts were natural C's, I estimated - the nipples small and rosette-like, with a slight sag to them as a natural pair would have on a woman in her mid to late 40's.

Sarah and her husband were also staying at Club Orient, as it turned out. Sarah, a 47-year old teacher from North Carolina, had been dying to try a "nakation" for the longest time, but had never had the guts to go socially nude back in the states. Her husband, though not being thrilled with the idea himself, had agreed to try a week with her at Club O, but upon arriving found himself unable to strip down in public! I got the sense that Sarah was very much enjoying her time here so far, but that her husband had been sort of a wet blanket on the trip. She wasn't exactly what I would consider conventionally attractive - I thought to myself that I certainly shouldn't make a habit of putting moves on cougars during this trip - but there was an alluring quality to her exploring her newfound nude sensuality that kept my interest.

Sarah stretched her legs out and wriggled her pink toes at the end of the chair as we looked out at the water, taking in the early morning sun. "Say, do you want to join me for a dip Matt? I'm getting a bit sweaty over here."

"Let's do it." I said, noticing that my penis had thickened, my pink cock head slightly dripping pre-cum from the sheer arousal of being nude on this beautiful beach and talking to a stranger. I noticed as I sat up, Sarah's gaze moved toward my cock as it had yesterday when I stood up, but she quickly looked away as we stood up and made our way toward the water.

The Caribbean was warm and inviting, and I dove in almost straight away, swimming out a few yards and turning back toward Sarah. She was wading in slowly, her breasts swaying, and I splashed her playfully which elicited an honest laugh from her. "I'm just getting used to the water!" she protested playfully, and then dove in herself, swimming up to me.

We floated about four feet from one another while talking and laughing, and the sun beat down on us, making the water a haven from its harsh rays. Sarah was easy going and fun, but seemed a bit lonely and disappointed that her husband hadn't been taking as much pleasure in her foray into nudism as she was feeling.

"Where are your friends today, Matt? The women you were with yesterday? Seemed like you guys were having a good time." Sarah said. I could tell she was prying a bit, curious as to how the two sexy and stacked cougars and I knew each other.

"Oh, I'm sure they'll be out here soon enough. They're probably still nursing their hangovers from last night." I replied, moving closer to Sarah in the water.

"I saw you three rubbing each other down with sun oil, looks like you're pretty close!" she smirked. Okay, I thought, she was definitely prying to see what the relationship between us was.

"Well, who am I to turn down being massaged by beautiful women? Besides, you were watching??" I said, splashing her playfully.

I felt Sarah's hand cup my penis and testicles under the water, then gently squeeze the shaft of my cock.

"Maybe I was a little jealous of y'all." She said mischievously, now stroking my hard dick gently under the water. "I saw you showing off for me when you got to the beach yesterday, and then you left with them and I thought to myself, "what do they have that I don't?"" Sarah, you dirty girl!

Now pushed right up against one another in the surf - god it wasn't even 11am - I caressed Sarah's right breast and could feel her body relax. It was clear she wanted to be touched.

"Well, your very clothed husband was sitting right there." 

"He's gone for the day." She parried immediately, smirking, and still stroking my cock. "Our room is right off the beach - and I'm just going to be forward with you hun - can I suck your cock? I've been dying to since I saw it yesterday."

It didn't take much thought for me to agree immediately - I'd be doing her a service, if nothing else. Here was a reasonably attractive older woman on a trip who was looking to sew her wild oats with her husband, and he was too much of a pussy to give her the time of day! 

We made our way out of the water, my erection pointing the way as the beach goers on the shoreline stared. Sarah and I left our things at our chairs and made our way nude to her cabana room, maybe 100 yards from the beach area. Rather than going inside, Sarah led me to the side of the cabana and turned the faucet on the outdoor shower. With the water streaming down on us and completely exposed, she dropped to her knees and took my hard cock in her mouth, sucking dutifully. She grabbed the base of my shaft, lifting my cock upwards, and licked the underside of my tumescent penis. Cupping my balls and gently teasing the head of my cock with her tongue, she then went to work taking as much of me into her mouth as she could. Before long I couldn't hold back any longer - a thick rope of cum erupted into Sarah's mouth, and she smiled as a second spurt sent white ejaculate onto her face and hair.

Sucking me until my cock went limp, she stood up and smiled as the water from the shower continued to rain down on us, washing away any evidence of her indiscretion. It was then that we noticed a couple roughly 50 feet away, emerging from their cabana and watching as a pale North Carolinian redhead hungrily sucked a young, fit 30 year old in full view of everyone. 

"So," Sarah said, still handling my dick and balls, "it goes without saying that we keep this between us, yeah?"

"Let's get back out to the beach," I said, "I think we could both use a drink."

Sarah laughed, and I perceived a newfound sprightliness to her step as we walked back to our beach chairs, my low-hanging testicles drained from a masterful blowjob.

The Beach Bar

As Sarah and I made our way back to our chairs, I noticed that the beach had begun to fill up. The chairs to the left and right of our space had been occupied, and the party atmosphere had begun to pick up. Sarah and I walked over to the Perch Bar, still nude, and I ordered a pair of margaritas from the cute French bartender. We laid out towels on the barstools to sit down.

Sipping on her drink, Sarah laughed, turned to me, and said, "You know Matt, that's all I really wanted to do. I just needed one wild story to keep with me from this trip - you understand, right?"

"Of course I do. Besides, I don't need your husband trying to beat me up while I'm ass naked out here, anyway."

"You're such a good sport!" she joked, her soft southern accent providing an almost matronly quality to the comment. "But, I mean...I suppose if the timing were right...would you fuck me? I mean, would you want to fuck me?" 

"Right place and right time, of course Sarah. You're an absolute minx." I said. At this point I'd hit my fill of lonely MILF action for the day, and was wary of the potential husband repercussions. "Cheers!" I toasted her talented tongue.

As we picked up our towels off the stools to head back to our seats and turned to walk down the steps of the bar to the beach, I was greeted by the sight of two familiar tanlined globes with protruding pink nipples.

"Michelle! Early morning, huh?" 

"Oh Matty, it was rough. You're too much of a party animal, I had the worst hangover this morning! Who's your friend?"

"This is Sarah. Sarah, Michelle." I introduced the girls as the tanned cougar thrust her breasts into the conversation, cheek-kissing Sarah and I.

"Well, do you two want to do some shots? On me!" Michelle said, pressing her nude body against the both of us as she cheek-kissed us both in greeting. 

"Who am I to say no?" Sarah said, giggling. Michelle thrust her huge breasts over the top of the bar and motioned to the cute bartender for 3 tequila shots. Saying a quick cheers, we downed the liquor, grabbed a round of beers to go, and headed back onto the beach.

Michelle and Amanda had set up camp next to my spot; Amanda had recognized my beach bag. The four of us pushed our beach chairs together and exchanged quick pleasantries, with the entirety of the beach now watching how I had acquired a perceived harem of sexy older women.

Amanda laid back in her chair, uncovered by her beach umbrella to soak up the sun. Her large pink nipples stood at stark contrast with the even brown tan of the rest of her, and her legs were spread to expose her evenly-tanned labia. Michelle was bending over to readjust her umbrella, the soft pink of her asshole peeking out as she moved.

Sarah laid back, sipping her beer, and crossed her legs. I sat on the edge of her chair as Michelle and Amanda reclined nude in front of me, very sure that I had picked the best vacation spot on Earth. Just talking and drinking, the anxieties of the outside world seemed so far removed. 

"Is it bad that I'm so glad my husband isn't here?" Sarah said, looking fully sanguine as I massaged her bare feet softly - nearly a natural reaction as she laid there at ease.

"We're both divorced, ridiculous question." Amanda chortled, rubbing oil onto her stomach and breasts. 

"I have no perspective on this, but I think this should be a 'best left on vacation' thing." I said, taking a sip of my beer.

"Oh easy for you to say, we fucked you six ways to Sunday yesterday Mister!" Michelle added, as Amanda and she cracked up. Sarah squirmed a bit; it was obvious she wanted more than to suck my cock, but felt conflicted, and had a husband returning soon.

The topic of conversation changed when it became evident that the European couple to the right of us was taking an active interest in our discussion, but I could tell the seed had been planted with Sarah. After another round, Sarah said she'd had enough sun and headed back to her room to wait for her husband's return. This left me laying out with the cougars, my cock thick and languid, draped over my balls lazily. 

Amanda, to my right, reached into her bag to pull out paddleball equipment. She was a yoga instructor professionally, after all, and evidently preferred to stay active even after a couple of drinks. "Matty, let's play! Do you want to?"

Friends from Last Night

"Sure," I said, "toss me a paddle." We got up and walked down to the waterline, Amanda's evenly-tanned ass bouncing with each step as she walked to stand a few paces in front of me. All eyes were on us as we played in the edges of the surf, Amanda's breasts jiggling as she expertly returned my serves and volleys.
