 I needed a week away from the hustle and bustle of my New York investment banking job and had booked a weeklong trip to St. Martin, a beautiful island in the French West Indies. The stress at work had been piling on, but having just closed a merger deal I was feeling like some much needed rest and relaxation was in order.

On a Saturday morning in March, I arrived at JFK airport and checked in for my flight, wheeling along just a small carry-on with a few pairs of board shorts and enough essentials for the week. The hotel I had booked was located on Orient Beach, on the French side of the island, and I was looking forward to a week of sun, sand, drinks, and hopefully some beautiful women! Just a chance to get away for a week by myself and relax.

Waiting at the gate, I took a look around at the others waiting for the flight -- a few older couples and families, some Asian tourists, and a young group of college-aged girls already dressed in their beach coverups and bohemian jewelery. Great, I thought, they seem fun and it's a small island, maybe I'll see them around! The flight was set to board in twenty minutes, and I looked back down at my book to pass the time.

"Excuse me, are these seats taken?" I heard a woman's voice ask me. I looked up to see two women, probably in their early 40's, dressed in stylish beach wear, looking for a place to sit and wait for the flight. They seemed giggly, as if they had already hit the airport bar to take the edge off before the flight.

"Nope, all yours." I said.

"Thank you! Looks like we've got a full flight here today." The first woman said, rolling her bag up next to the seat as she and her friend sat down. She was blonde, wearing a straw cowboy-type hat and a turquoise cover up, looking ready to hit the beach as soon as she touched down. Her friend was a similarly tanned large breasted brunette wearing a long black cotton maxi dress and flip flops. I assumed from their Louis Vuitton luggage that they would be taking the next connecting flight to St. Bart's -- they seemed like cougars of the Hamptons-crowd variety, definitely attractive, but no rings in sight.

"I just needed a place to sit down for a second -- when your girlfriend gets back she can have her seat back." the blonde said.

"Ha, no girlfriend -- just a solo trip for me. Feel free." I replied. "So, are you guys headed to St. Bart's?"

"Love St. Bart's -- but nope, girl's trip to St. Martin. We do a week on Orient Beach each year, it's so beautiful and much lower-key. I'm Amanda, by the way, and this is my friend Michelle!" She motioned to the brunette. "How about you?"

"I'm Matt, nice to meet you guys. St. Martin as well for me -- I'm headed to Orient too as a matter of fact. Never been, but looking forward to unwinding a bit." I said.

"Oh you're going to love it!" Michelle chimed in, pushing her large breasts together slightly as she leaned into the conversation. "Where are you staying?"

"The Esmerelda, right on the beach. How about you?"

Amanda and Michelle looked at each other and giggled. "We're headed to Club Orient, right down the beach from where you are, actually!" Amanda said.

Now, one of the reasons I had chosen Orient Beach was its legendary clothing-optional status. I had always been kind of a closet nudist and was looking forward to ditching my swimsuit. Despite my heavy work schedule, I'm a fit 30 year old guy, and I figured it was now or never to show off a little bit, right?

"Look at you two! The nude resort, sounds like you guys will have fun this week!" I replied. Note to self, definitely try to meet up with these ladies this week!

"That's right -- no tan lines for us!" Michelle laughed. "We're looking forward to letting our hair down this week. I can't wait to hit the beach and grab a few cocktails. Maybe we'll see you out there, Matt."

"Oh I'm sure of it -- it's a small island, after all."

Arrival

The flight to the island was quick and otherwise uneventful, and the whole time I felt a pang of excitement from the possibility of seeing Amanda and Michelle nude, even though I was sure there would be plenty of more age-appropriate gorgeous girls out there. Upon landing, the trip through customs was quick and I headed to the cab line to get a car to my hotel. 

My newfound friends were just stepping into a cab ahead of me, and Amanda smiled and waved when she saw me.

"Matt! Want to share a cab? We're headed to the same place, after all."

"Sure," I said, handing my bag to the cab driver to put in the trunk. 

The three of us squeezed into the back seat and sped off toward our hotels on the French side of the island.

Amanda and Michelle gave me the lowdown on their favorite bars and restaurants in the Orient Bay area, but I noticed they were really emphasizing that they loved spending time at the far side of the beach, out in front of Club Orient. I think they were trying to be coy, but they seemed to be obviously trying to make sure I stopped by the nude side. I felt my cock thicken up slightly as Amanda described how she loved the Perch Bar, "which -- and you seem like the adventurous type -- you can go to totally nude if you like!" she noted.

"I'm not shy," I said, "it's a date, how about I meet you ladies there this afternoon? After all, I've got no real schedule today and it's always great to meet new friends."

The cab dropped me off first at the Esmerelda, and as the cab driver took my bag out of the trunk Michelle rolled down the window. "We'll be there around 1, see you later Matt!"

My penis had very noticeably hardened thinking about the women as I checked into my hotel room. The room itself was huge and the resort luxurious, with ocean views and a large balcony, but I wasted little time unpacking and turned on the shower to clean up before hitting the beach. I took off my clothes and took a moment to look at my nude body in the mirror -- I had a decent base tan going, I thought -- and stepped into the shower. I lathered up with soap, and though I keep my pubic hair shaved I gave my cock and balls another once over with a razor to ensure they were as smooth as possible, especially now that I knew I'd be on full display!

After drying off, I pulled on a pair of tiny Vilebrequin board shorts and grabbed my beach gear. It was a short walk out from my room to Orient Beach, which was even more beautiful in person than the photos online suggested. The humid Caribbean air enveloped me, and I made my way down the beach to walk along the beautiful turquoise water.

All of Orient Beach is topless, but the only fully-nude area is on the south side of the beach at Club Orient. As I made my way down toward the nude beach, I naturally stopped at the Kon Tiki beach club to have a quick drink and steady my excitement. Sipping on a margarita, a petite topless French woman with short hair sidled up to the bar next to me. She looked to be maybe a few years older than me, and deeply tanned. Yep, this vacation was a good idea I thought. Her pert behind was parted by a tiny thong bikini bottom, and the contrast of the white sand on her bare feet and her dark tan was a definite turn on.

Finishing my drink, I resumed my walk over to the nude beach. Making my way past the rock separation between the topless and nude sides, I saw the famous Club Orient nude beach sign, and beyond it a number of deeply tanned nude bathers of all ages. I walked down the beach to find a chair and umbrella to set up at, and felt completely at ease as the stresses of work evaporated from my mind.

Club Orient Day One

The nude beach was fairly busy, but I laid my towel out on a chair next to an older couple. The woman was pale and nude, with a small reddish patch of pubic hair above a pink slit. Her husband, however, remained in shorts -- clearly too embarrassed to go nude with his wife, which I thought was a lame move.

I unpacked my beach bag, taking out some SPF 15, and dropped my bathing suit, letting my thick cock and balls swing in the Caribbean breeze. I noticed the pale woman next to me peering over her sunglasses, surreptitiously enjoying the view as my penis swayed right near her face. I sprayed on some sunscreen, and laid back in my chair to take in some sun.

Looking out at the water, I noticed two fit nude women sunning themselves on the diving platform, a blonde and brunette. That must be Amanda and Michelle, damn I thought. Not wanting to appear overly eager, I laid back in my chair and waited for them to swim back to shore before saying hi. 

After about ten minutes, the combination of the humidity, sun, and relaxation had me contentedly dozing off. 

"Hey there Matt! Looking nice and relaxed I see!" - I quickly woke up to see the voluptuous pair at the foot of my chair, their completely naked bodies glistening from the water.

"You can say that again -- you know, I don't even know why they have a clothed side of this beach. Who would want to wear a bathing suit?" I laughed and sat up, taking in the glorious sight of my new friends' nude bodies.

Amanda and Michelle were both well-endowed, Michelle with large fake breasts that appeared like white globes as the tan lines contrasted with her otherwise deep tan. Amanda, the blonde, was tanned head to toe. Her breasts were natural and perky but sagged slightly, with large pink nipples, and her pussy was completely shaved. She had a tasteful vine tattoo that wrapped down her foot. Michelle had a tightly cropped landing strip above a pair of tight pussy lips, and a tattoo on her hip. They seemed like they liked to party.

"Oh I know! This place is the best, isn't it?" Amanda said excitedly. "What are you doing sitting over here? Come with us, there's an extra chair near our spot!"

I gathered my things and walked with Amanda and Michelle over to their chairs by the bar. The girls stretched out on their chairs to air dry, and I took the seat next to Amanda. The girls already had a bucket of beers on ice set up under their umbrella and Michelle immediately handed me one as the two each popped the cap off their Heinekens.

"This is so fun, right? Let's toast -- to a beautiful beach and new friends!" Amanda said, "...with a nice big cock! Look at that!" Michelle added, obviously slightly tipsy already. My penis once again thickened as both women inadvertently looked at my cock.

"I think he likes it" Amanda said coyly, "by the way, I love the shaved look." Without hesitation, Amanda reached out to caress my thickening cock, which was now almost completely hard.

"Amanda! I'm sorry Matt, she's always like this!" Michelle exclaimed, laughing.

"Ha, go for it, I don't mind." I said, my mind racing forward to the possibility of fucking these two cougars. 

We continued to drink and get to know each other better. Amanda and Michelle were both early-40's divorcees, and had been coming to the nude beach for five years as an annual girl's trip. Amanda was a yoga instructor in New York, and Michelle worked in PR. "I hope you don't mind us two old bags shamelessly hitting on a cute young guy like yourself." Michelle said.

"Hey, I came over here to party with you guys. Besides, you're my type." I said.

"What's that, older?" Amanda asked.

"Horny." I replied, and the girls erupted with laughter.

Michelle got up to grab another round of drinks and Amanda and I sat up in our chairs to get to know each other a little better. Her long blonde hair fell in ringlets over her shoulders, and she had put on her cowboy hat to shield herself from the sun.

"So I hesitate to call myself a full on nudist, but I basically am." Amanda laughed as she talked. "Our rule is except for going out to dinner obviously, no clothes allowed on this vacation!"

"That sounds good to me -- I should have stayed at Club Orient with you guys so I could do the same! Putting on shorts later is going to be a bummer." I replied.

Amanda wheeled around and put her legs up on my chair across from her as we chatted. Her body was fantastic for her age, and as we people watched and made comments about the other nudists I could see her checking out my cock.

"Look at that guy's dick," she said, motioning toward a couple walking near the edge of the water. The man had a long flaccid penis that hung halfway down his thighs, swaying with each step, and was wearing a cock ring. His bottle-blonde wife had a slightly saggy bum, deeply tanned except for two little crescents of tan lines underneath her butt cheeks that you could see as she walked.

"I bet yours gets bigger than his, though." she said, lifting her foot and rubbing it on my thigh.

My penis was almost fully erect at this point, and my testicles hung down the edge of the chair. I gently massaged Amanda's foot, rubbing the soft pink sandy sole and tracing the outline of her tattoo. "Mmm, that feels good!" she exclaimed.

At this point, Michelle came back from the bar with a round of mixed drinks, interrupting our foot massage. She sat down on Amanda's chair, her right breast gently brushing Amanda's left as they squeezed in together. "You two look like you're getting cozy, but now I'm jealous, when's my foot massage?" she asked in a flirty manner.

"Happy to oblige." I said, as I reached over to rub Michelle's tanned foot. This is heading in a fun direction, I thought to myself!

Downing our drinks, Amanda then stood up and Michelle noted that her back was getting a bit red from the sun. "Michelle, can you do my back? And Matt, if you don't mind, would you do my front? I should do you next, you could use a re-apply!"

As Michelle rubbed tanning oil onto Amanda's shoulders and butt, I massaged a palm full of oil onto her upper arms and chest, initially being hesitant to rub down her breasts for some reason.

"Oh come on, don't be shy! I don't want to burn, after all!" Amanda giggled, clearly inviting me to lather her large breasts. I worked my hands down her stomach, oiling her up, and grazed her shaved pussy. The couple next to us was openly gawking at the scene, with the woman loudly commenting "oh that looks like fun!"

"Ok Matt -- let's get you now. Wouldn't want you to burn on your first day!" Michelle said, and she moved around behind me to massage oil into my shoulders and back. Amanda laughed and said "Ok, my turn!" and began rubbing my chest, then working her way down my hips. She knelt down and asked Michelle for another squirt of oil, and with her left hand she rubbed oil onto my balls. Her right hand was oiling my fully erect penis, and to finish she rubbed her index finger around the pink head of my cock. I was trying to play it cool but nearly came then and there.

We then rubbed down Michelle in the same way, who laughed heartily that she needed to get rid of her tan lines so maybe this wasn't the best idea.

The Cabana 

As the day wore on, the girls and I enjoyed more drinks, sand, and sun. We were well liquored-up by the time we decided to swim out to the diving platform and lay out.

"It's almost time to head in for the day," Michelle said, "I say we swim back and have a drink back at our cabana before dinner. Matt, would you like to join for a quick round?" 

I agreed that sounded like a good plan, and honestly I really had nowhere else to be. I had gone on vacation with no intention of having an itinerary, and was already supremely relaxed hanging out with these gorgeous cougars in the nude all day!

Amanda stood up to jump into the water, and Michelle playfully slapped her butt which elicited a cute yelp. We all jumped in and swam our way back to the beach, and made our way to our chairs. We packed our beach gear and Amanda and Michelle led me off the beach back to their cabana.

"The whole resort is nude -- you never have to put anything on at Club Orient if you don't want to! I love it!" Michelle said to me.

Amanda opened the sliding door to the girls' cabana and playfully jumped naked onto the bed in the middle of the room. "Yeah, we did a single bed to save money on this trip -- but we're not like, lesbians or anything!" Amanda giggled.

Michelle went to the mini bar, still nude, to mix up a few drinks, and I laid down on the bed next to Amanda. Before Michelle had even brought the drinks over, Amanda rolled over towards me and began stroking my penis, which was almost instantly hard.

"He has such a nice thick cock, doesn't he? I love it!" she said to Michelle, who laughed and came over to the bed with a few rum and cokes. She set the drinks down on the night stand and jumped into the be, cozying up to me on my other side.

"Let me feel it, only you really touched it earlier!"

Michelle stroked my penis up and down, and then held it back and licked from the bottom of my balls to the head of my cock. "Tastes like coconut oil!" she laughed.

Amanda, not being one to be upstaged, grabbed my cock away from Michelle and began sucking it, while I felt Michelle's hand rubbing my testicles. The girls then took turns licking and sucking my cock, laughing as they switched places.

I wanted to fuck Amanda the most, and before I came from the double blowjob I was receiving I rolled Amanda over onto her back and began to lick her shaved pussy. I gently parted the lips and licked her clit as she moaned, when I suddenly felt Michelle's tongue slide into my asshole. Extremely excited by this, I rolled Amanda back and gave her tight asshole a lick, which sent her over the edge. "I want you to fuck me now." she said, and I plunged my rock hard cock into her shaved pink pussy as Michelle laid next to us.

(To be continued)