 ΩΡΓ, Omega Rho Gamma, Wes Hanes had dreamed of joining for as long as he could remember. His father had been an Omega Rho, his grandfather had been one, and his great-grandfather had been one of the founding members of the fraternity's Sutherland University Chapter. Most of his life had revolved around that fraternity in one way or another. He had grown up knowing the real motto of the fraternity Amantes Ante Pugnatores as well as the unofficial motto his father's friends always seemed to use in jest when borrowing leaf blowers or pressure washers: "Brothers share everything". Most of his father's oldest and dearest friends were alumni members, and by extension most of his own friends were children of members, like his best friend, Mark Reed. They had been friends for as long as he could remember, Mark was like a brother to him. Though he certainly loved his two younger sisters, Mark was someone Wes connected to on a different level and his parents, the Reeds, were like a second set of parents to him. He had always been especially fond of Mrs. Reed. She had always seemed to him to be the most beautiful woman in the world: kind, gentle, and giving. 

Both of their houses were homes to the boys, and through their years at daycare, kindergarten, primary, middle, and now high school they were inseparable. Through highs and lows, joys and sorrows they always had each other's backs. It had come as no surprise that Wes had been the first person Mark came out to last year. It had been no surprise either that it had made no difference to Wes or their parents. Now they were seniors applying to university. Now, for the first time ever, there was a possibility they would not be going to the same school. They had both applied to Sutherland of course. They had also applied to other Universities but their hearts were set on Sutherland. They blustered and bluffed that there acceptance was ensured, but they both also knew that Sutherland was a small, prestigious University with some of the highest standards in the country. Though they hated to admit it, there was always the shadow of doubt at the back of their minds.

His mother and father were sitting at the kitchen table beaming as he walked in the door after school. There, in front of them, lay a large envelope from Sutherland University. It was what he had been simultaneously hoping for and dreading. His first choice, his parents' alma mater; it was his dream school, his dream program. His entire future was lying right there in a brown velum envelope. His mouth went dry. He remembered that large envelopes were usually good news. The two acceptance letters with full scholarships he had already gotten from his number two and four schools had been large as well. But this was different. This was his first choice, the only school that truly mattered to him. He sat down at the table, took a deep breath, and opened the letter. His parents began to exchange nervous looks as he read through the letter. He tried to play it cool but the excitement broke through.

"I got in, full academic scholarship."

His parents shared a knowing smile. His mother blurted out.

"We know, Dean Schwartz called last week when the letters went out, he's an old friend of your father's, it was all we could do to keep it a secret from you until now."

His father was beaming with pride.

"Well, Wes, are you going to accept?"

Before he could answer, the phone rang. It was Mark's parents; Wes' heart sank with the terrible question, "what if?" He sighed with relief, he had been accepted to Sutherland as well. He was so happy, he thought he had never been so pleased in his life.

Of course, Rachel was not pleased when he told her. Wes and Rachel had been an item, as she liked to describe it, for most of their senior year. They had been each other's first. The night of Wes' 18th birthday party, at a hotel room they paid for through saving money from their part-time jobs they had made love. It had been awkward and a little embarrassing but they quickly managed to figure things out. Wes and Rachel loved each other fiercely, but now she was going to Newbury and he was not. She had expected, despite all evidence to the contrary, that he would follow her there. There had been tears, there had been yelling, there had been a very sharp slap. His cheek still stung as he dropped Rachel at her parent's house for the last time. His heart sank, it wasn't that far to Newbury, he had been willing to try to make it work, she had not. Rachel refused to even speak to him for the rest of the year.

Despite his romantic drama, the rest of his senior year flew by. Wes and Rachel hooked up at prom in the backseat of her parents' car but it was different now, sad, resigned. After graduation, Wes worked full time which helped him get over his broken heart and save for some of the costs that his scholarship would not cover. The highlight of his summer had been his first official visit to the University's campus as a student. Of course he had been to every home coming since he could remember as well as many other events but this was the first time he had gone as a student of the university, of his university. He met members of every fraternity on campus, every society, many professors, deans, his residence assistants, he tried to absorb it all but it was impossible. 

And then, before he knew it, it happened, it was time to go. He was packed and ready to go, suppressing tears as he hugged his sobbing mother while his father put the rest of his belongings in the car, and his sisters bickered about which one would get his room. Mark and his parents joined them. Wes' father and Mark's mother had agreed to take the boys to Sutherland for their freshman orientation as Wes' mother and Mark's father knew they would be far too emotional and didn't want to embarrass the boys too much on their first day. Mr. Reed was in tears, holding Wes' sobbing mother tightly as he waved goodbye to their first born. Mark and Wes rolled their eyes as the car rounded the corner of their suburban street towards the next chapter of their lives. 

Wes was beaming as he exited the car at their new residence and his expression of nervous excitement was mirrored in Mark's face. They found their RA who showed them to their room, they would be "bogmates", they would be in their own rooms but would be sharing a bathroom between the rooms, which left them both smiling even more broadly. Once they were settled and their parents were done fussing over them, it was time to say goodbye. His father gave him a warm hug and a hearty pat on the back. 

"I know you will do us proud, Wes, you always have. Mark, I'm sure you'll make us all proud too."

Beaming with pride and a hint of a tear in his eye, he turned back to the car. 

Mrs. Reed finished her hug and similar words of praise with Mark and then walked up to Wes as she wiped away the tears in her eyes.

"Don't think you're going away without a hug too, Wes."

He tried hard not to blush as she pulled him into a long, warm embrace. She was a full head shorter than him now, but he felt like an awkward child in her arms. Her small, firm breasts were pressed into him as her head rested on his chest. Time stood still. He could smell her perfume all around him. Feel her warmth against him. He could feel his cock twitch as the feeling of her body in his arms intensified, and then it was over. She pulled away a little.

"You boys take care of each other, now."

Had he just imagined it or had her hand drifted down and squeezed his ass as she broke the hug. It must have been wishful thinking. But she got up on her tiptoes and whispered in his ear.

"Don't you be sad about that Rachel girl. A young man as wonderful as you will certainly find someone better than her before homecoming, I guarantee it."

He felt her full lips gently brush his ear. He went crimson as she strolled away, winking at him over her shoulder. It seemed that neither Mark nor his father had noticed.

In no time at all, Wes and Mark were in full swing as university freshmen. New classes, new friends, and new experiences flooded their lives. As soon as they could, they both pledged for Omega Rho Gamma. The hazing had been nowhere near as bad as their fathers had made it out to be. They were sworn to servitude, sobriety, and chastity for a month. Their mentor, Dan, reminded them that these might seem harsh restrictions, especially for young adults who were experiencing true freedom for the first time but that they represented important lessons that all pledges needed to learn before becoming brothers. Dan had come to Sutherland on a football scholarship before he had torn his ACL and MCL. Luckily for him, sports had been a means to an end and his grades were strong enough to qualify him for a full academic scholarship. He was a mountain of a man but with a gentle demeanor that could almost be motherly with his young pledges. 

"Servitude will remind you that the most important work we do as Omega Rho Gammas is charity. We serve the campus and we serve the community we live in. We want you to become great leaders, and to become great leaders, you will first learn to serve others. Sobriety will remind you that moderation in all things is important. Omega Rho Gamma has a reputation for being a party frat. It is well earned. We also have a reputation for never having had a single hospitalization because of our parties. You will hear it often spoken here that brothers share everything. This includes responsibility, to ourselves and to others."

There had been a long pause as the pledges awaited the importance of chastity.

"Chastity will teach you fucking horn-dogs to control yourselves around women."

Dan turned to look Mark squarely in the eye.

"And men. Omega Rho Gamma has been, on more than one occasion been referred to as Orgy House. We know you want to fuck, we know nothing we do or say will keep you from fucking. But as long as you are an Omega Rho Gamma, there is one thing you will always have before fucking. And that one thing is consent. For one month you will ponder this as there will be not so much as a date had for any of you."

Three pledges failed to keep their oaths until the end of the month. The first had gotten drunk at a party with his high school buddies. The second, who had a steady girlfriend, could not last three days before he gave into his desires for her. Both men owned up to their lapses and were given the opportunity to make it up. The third, however, was very different.

It had all happened a week into their pledge at a party at the Frat House where they would be introduced and would serve food and drinks for the members. They were dressed as characters from the Rocky Horror Picture Show and were expected to perform skits and dances for the entertainment of all. Mark had jumped at the opportunity to dress as Rocky and certainly had the physique to pull off the gold speedo look. He was even more eager to strut as he knew his biology TA would be there and Mark was crushing hard. Of course there were many female guests present to add to the humiliation but Wes didn't mind. He was still nursing a broken heart and was too focused on becoming an Omega Rho Gamma to bother looking for what Mrs. Reed had called "someone better". But then he met Sam.

His strong tenor singing voice meant that he was dressed as Dr. Frankfurter. After they had re-enacted scenes from the musical to delight of everyone, they were allowed to mingle. He was talking to Mark about the ethical issues involved with having sex with his TA, when she caught his eye. She was wearing huge glasses that framed her face perfectly. He watched her talking to a few other people. She was pushing a strand of curly black hair out of her face when their eyes met. He blushed hard at those big dark eyes and the smile that crossed her full lips to light up her face. Mark followed his gaze and nodded his approval.

"She's hot, you should go talk to her."

Wes blushed even more; suddenly remembering he was wearing a black bustier, fishnet stockings, and pearls. He was so busy trying to stop Mark from walking over and introducing themselves to her that he had noticed her walk up to them.

"What charming underclothes you both have."

Wes was struck dumb. She was even more beautiful up close. It's not like she was trying either, she was wearing a plain sweatshirt and jeans and didn't seem to be wearing much if any make-up. She was simply beautiful. Wes stammered out his name as Mark excused himself to go track down his TA with a hopeful and hungry look in his eye. She introduced herself, complimented his singing voice and legs. His head was reeling, he wanted to be charming and funny but seemed stuck firmly in awkward. She didn't seem to mind though as she continued to talk to him. They talked and talked about everything and nothing, about their majors, their professors, their families, their friends. Wes felt his heart sink when her friends came to ask if she was ready to leave. His heart soared when she said she wanted to stay a little bit longer. She was everything he could have ever wanted in a woman. Far beyond beautiful, she was smart, funny, and passionate about what she believed in. The bliss he felt being with her was brought to an abrupt halt when the shouting started.

The music stopped, everyone was staring at the two young men standing in front of Dan who was standing in front of a girl who looked terrified. Wes recognized one of the guys as his fellow pledge, Mike, he sis not know who the other was. Dan's voice was calm as always but there was an unfamiliar edge to it.

"I said she's not leaving here with you. I saw what Mike put in her drink; you two are staying right here until the campus police show up."

Dan had his arms crossed holding a solo cup in one hand and a very serious look on his face, no one else seemed to be able to move. The man Wes did not know was slurring his speech, Mike looked scared as he tried to reason with Dan.

"I didn't do anything, I swear, and neither did my brother."

The guy that was apparently Mike's brother laughed.

"Please, your motto is "lovers not fighters", it's not like this washed out baller will do anything. They're all just a bunch of pussies. That's why they don't take real men like me."

Dan's calm face turned into a broad smile, it was perhaps the most terrifying thing Wes had ever witnessed. 

"Our motto is Amantes Ante Pugnatores, lovers before fighters; we always give people the opportunity to resolve things peacefully, but we are not averse to violence in the defense of a just cause. In this case, beating a rapist senseless before campus police show up seems like a pretty just cause."

The punch came out of nowhere and caught Dan square on the side of the jaw. Time seemed to freeze as Wes cringed at the wet, crunching sound of the man's hand shattering. From there, things moved very quickly. Dan laid out both Mike and his brother and the party dissolved as the campus police came to take statements and paramedics to attend to the girl to make sure she had not ingested anything before Dan had stepped in. As things settled back down, Wes realized that Sam had left with the girl. He hadn't gotten chance to ask her for her number.

Wes was walking through campus with conflicting thoughts running through his head. He desperately wanted to see Sam again but he also wanted to make sure, with only one week left, that he would stay true to his commitments to Omega Rho Gamma. It was at that moment he saw her sitting at a bench with her nose in a textbook. He debated whether he should approach when she looked up and their eyes locked, his decision was made in those beautiful eyes as he walked over to her.

"Hey, Sam, remember me? It's Wes, we talked at the party last night. I didn't get a chance to ask you for your number after all the unpleasantness. Is she okay, the girl?"

She smiled and pushed a few stray locks of hair from her glasses. 

"Yeah, Meagan's fine, a little shaken up obviously, but she'll be fine."

She was breathtaking. He summoned all his courage.

"Listen, I'm not allowed to date right now, frat initiation thing, but I was wondering if you weren't doing anything for homecoming we're having a big party, would you like to go with me?"

He cringed internally at how ridiculous he sounded. She put up her hand to stop him. She took a deep breath, when she looked up her eyes had a tint of sadness to them.

"Listen, Wes, I had a wonderful time talking to you last night, I really did, but I already know about the party, someone already asked me to go with them and I said yes."

He blushed hard in embarrassment and disappointment. He was most embarrassed to admit that there was even a little heart-break. He tried to recover, he tried to say something flippant and witty, but failing that, he sighed and turned to walk away. 

"I said I had a date to the party, not that I wouldn't be free after. You freshmen are so dramatic. Here, let me give you my number."

Wes didn't feel his feet touch the ground for the rest of the day.

It was the Friday evening of homecoming weekend. He had texted with Sam quite a bit on and off over the weeks before, but kept to his oath and did not meet with her. The frat house was starting to see a few alumni members from near and far stop in to pay respects and relive past glories. Wes knew that his and Mark's parents would be among them. There would be a party that night to celebrate his initiation into full membership which would mean he would be free from his oath of chastity and sobriety for the bigger home coming parties on Saturday when the frat house would be bursting at the seams with alumni, current members, and other revelers. 

He had just stepped out of the shower. It would be a few hours before the party at the frat house and he wanted to look his best, a test run for tomorrow night when he knew Sam would be there with another guy. He wanted to make sure he had a chance of being better looking than him. Yes, it was childish, but that's just the way he felt. The door to his dorm room opened. He lunged for a towel and tied it around his waist and was about to chastise the person for barging in without knocking but he choked on the only words he could find.

"Mrs. Reed?"

She was wearing a tight fitting green party dress that hugged every last delicious curve and made her eyes sparkle. She moved like a panther in matching green pumps. Her auburn hair framed her face in curls, her creamy white skin speckled with freckles. Every hair on his body stood on end as he looked into her beautiful green eyes, filled with undeniable lust. She was standing right in front of him when he finally found a coherent thought to express.

"If you're looking for Mark, he's out getting some last minute stuff, his room's next door."

She smiled and she let one French-manicured fingertip slide from his temple, down his jaw line to then flick his chin.

"I'm not here to see Mark, Wes, I'm here to see you. I want you to fuck me, Wes. Like I've wanted you to fuck me since the day you turned 18."

Wes' pulse raced, he could feel his cock harden despite himself, it was painfully obvious as it pushed out against the towel. All he wanted was to feel her warm body against his, to feel her lips against his own. But despite it all he still managed to bring himself under control enough to protest.

"Mrs. Reed, I don't think this is right, what about your husband?"

She stopped, smiled and cocked her head to the side, her eyes devouring his almost naked body, lingering on his obvious erection..

"Just for tonight, you can call me Evelyn. And what Denis doesn't know won't hurt him. Besides, don't you want me?"

He could do nothing but stare at her as she pouted her full lips. Of course he wanted her. He wanted nothing more in that moment. He could not speak; all he could do was nod. She stepped forward, slipped a hand behind his head and pulled him down as she pressed her lips into his.
