 Author's Note: Thanks to Sexy Geek for editing the manuscript. 

Oriental Peach - The Conspiracy 

Jinny picked Lacey up about noon to go shopping and they drove to the mall. On the way they talked about their shopping targets for the day. Lacey said she was going to look for a new swimming suit and maybe some lingerie to spice things up for Bud. Jinny wasn't really in need of anything but agreed to look at swimwear and lingerie too. 

Lacey and Jinny visited every women's store in the huge three level mall. They looked though every kind of swimming attire available- bikinis are not the only type that can make a woman look hot. As they tried on one after another suit, they exchanged commentary about how they looked or fit, and how both could be improved. 

Lacey went beyond words and starting adjusting the suits on Jinny, pushing her breasts into alignment, tugging the bottom up or down so it looked as hot as possible. Sometimes with stretchy synthetic material Lacey would pull the bottoms tight against Jinny's pussy, stretching tightly over her mound but stopping short of a camel toe. Lacey would cup her hand over Jinny's pussy and spread her fingers outward to smooth the fabric. 

On first contact from Lacey Jinny was startled, but then relaxed that Lacey wasn't pushing anything. As the touches got more intimate, Jinny was getting more aroused and allowed Lacey to keep escalating. 

In the store they were in, the changing rooms also served as fitting rooms so there was a 10 TEN inch pedestal in front of the mirror so the tailor could see the effects of pulling and pinning the clothes to provide a custom fit. Jinny was trying on a teal blue nylon bikini. Lacey was fussing with the top and bottom to get it looking right. She was behind Jinny trying to adjust the tension on the strings of the top to get Jinny's tits looking perfect. After every adjustment, Lacey reached around Jinny and cupped her tits in the suit. The fourth or fifth time she did this Lacey leaned forward a bit more than before and kissed Jinny on the cheek. 

Jinny's reaction was to turn into Lacey and kiss her fully on the lips. Before they broke their kiss their tongues had thoroughly explored each other's mouths. "Wow!" said Jinny. "If this suit turns the guys on as much as it has you I better buy it! Besides, the bottom is pretty wet." They both laughed a little. 

Lacey's fingers slipped under the bottom of Jinny's suit and slidright up her slit to her clit. Lacey rubbed her clit a few light strokes and Jinny shuddered and reached down to push the hand away. "God, Lacey, you made me come! Let's not get carried away and get ourselves thrown out of the mall or arrested!" 

Lacey licked her finger, "Mmmmm. But you're right. Let's hit a couple of more ships and then get a drink at the food court." 

An hour later, two more shops and one bikini each they were having an Orange Julius in the food court. Jinny really opened up to Lacey, and Lacey listened attentively. Jinny told of her life in China as a girl and her occasional visits back to see relatives. She talked of her older sister, the "perfect one" she called her, who was a two years older and a CPA with a major firm in San Francisco, and how she was engaged to a Chinese man who was a dentist. 

Jinny talked of her high school days in San Jose where she talked of starting dating and discovering she liked Caucasian guys better than Chinese, and the disapproval she always got from her mom when another white boy picked her up. She was in the band and was active in a lot of clubs and social activities but she was not a perfect A student. 

Her grades were good enough to get into Silicon Valley State where she majored in business and information systems. Again, good bubut not great grades, and an active social life as a member of Alpha Chi Delta sorority. She lost her virginity to a 6' 9" freshman basketball player just before Thanksgiving, whom she dated for the entire season and into the next year when they broke up. She dated another basketball player for a while, and then a wiry 6'4" baseball pitcher, with other guys in between, including an occasional Chinese guy. She knew she was not going to get serious with anyone in college because of her mother's ideas on the right man for her, but she was not going to go through college without having fun with lots of guys. And she really liked sex. 

"White guys are just more laid back than Chinese guys, and are more fun. They really get off on Oriental girls, I'm not sure why, maybe because we look exotic or something. But what I really liked was that they have bigger dicks. They just fill me up and bottom out in my pussy. I love it. Chinese guys have little dicks and just aren't as good as lovers. I guess I'm racist," Jinny laughed and Lacey laughed with her. 

Lacey said, "I've never done a Chinese guy, but I do know Bud's cock fills me all the way up!" 

Jinny said, "Oooh! I'd love to try that one out!" 

Lacey jumped on the comment. "I know how to make it work if you are serious. I would kind of like to bring you into our lives a little more after being with you today. 

"I can tell you like girls too, and obviously I do too. So we work this on Bud that we are girlfriends now and seduce him into a little threesome. It won't be hard, because I know Bud has a thing for you, but we can tease him for a while and really get him going. 

"I'll call Bud and tell him you are staying for dinner. When we get home we'll put on a little fashion show for him, with lots of touching each other adjusting whatever the other girl is wearing. We'll all be hotter than we can stand, but we'll keep Bud out of it until you and I finish what we started this afternoon in the dressing rooms." 

Jinny didn't hesitate. "I'm in, but this has to stay a secret. If anyone hears I was even near a bedroom with someone I'll be hit on so hard I might give in, and then my life could get really complicated. I know I'm safe with you two. You really are a couple that fits together so I'm not going to break that up. But I am so horny. I haven't any sex in over a year, since I moved to San Diego. At least this will give me some relief, and I can stay in practice," she grinned. 

"We don't want it to get out either. It might sound like we are too wild to be responsible to other people. I'll call Bud and tell him we're coming back." She reached for her cell phone, dialed Bud, and explained their plan, as least as far as dinner was concerned. 

[INTERLINE NOT NEEDED] Reminder that this was where I wanted a chapter break. 

By the time Lacey and Jinny had driven back from the mall to Bud and Lacey's apartment, Bud had already been to the store and back and was making some initial preparations for dinner when they came in. Bud could tell from their faces immediately that they had a great time together. Both babbled over each other about the fun they had shopping and talking, and about the great stuff they bought. 

"We're going to give you a fashion show," Lacey announced. "We're going to take turns putting on something we bought and modeling it for you. I'm going first." 

Lacey disappeared into the bedroom with Jinny close behind carrying packages. Bud could hear happy chatter and giggling from the other room. Soon Lacey appeared in an attractive two piece suit, a flexible fabric that was suited beach athletics like volleyball or Over the Line. 

Jinny darted over to Lacey, saying, "Here, let me adjust that for you." She pulled up on the bottom creating a camel toe. She rubbed her hand over it and Lacey cooed. "Feels better too, doesn't it?" 

"That top is not right either," Jinny lifted both hands and cupped Lacey's full tits and rolled them around, making sure to palm her nipples so they stood out through the fabric. Jinny took a step back to admire her work, "Much better, and really sexy looking too." 

Bud looked at Lacey, who just grinned back benignly as if nothing unusual had occurred. He had never seen Jinny so open or so physical. Lacey must have really done something to her, he thought. 

Jinny had disappeared into the bedroom and soon appeared in a similar outfit but in a dark orange color that beautifully complemented her dark tan. The fabric was sheer and each wrinkle shimmered for attention. 

"Can't you even put a suit on right? Here, let me help you this time." Lacey walked over to Jinny and retied the neck strap to pull her full breasts up higher. Then she pulled at the cloth triangles so the sided of Jinny's boobs were visible. Then she ran her hands over the fabric to smooth it, making sure Jinny's nipples were fully aroused. 

"These bottoms aren't right either. They are too loose. Look, they can slide right over." Lacey pulled the suit aside to reveal the Oriental peach. Now it was blushing pink and the seam was clearly puffing out. 

Bud could only stare. 

Lacey tightened the ties so that the fabric pinched thong-like into her pussy lips leaving the outer lips mostly exposed. "Much better," she said, "don't you think?" 

Jinny nodded, and pulled Lacey over and kissed her long and full on the lips. "Thanks, its perfect now." 

Bud continued to stare in bewilderment, and blood rushed to his cock from the exhibition so far. 

Lacey announced that they were putting on their second outfits and they disappeared into the bedroom, giggling like school girls. There were the sounds of packages being opened, more laughter, and fragments of phrases coming from the bedroom for several minutes. Finally Lacey led Jinny out of the bedroom hand in hand. 

Lacey had on a body suit that appeared to be about one molecule thick, brilliant emerald in color, and fit her like a second skin, showing every curve and ripple of her body. It was sleeveless but fit like a t-shirt covering her up to the neck. The bottom was similar, looking like very short, skin tight boxer shorts. 

The suit might have looked somewhat boyish in cut, but there is no doubt what it was covering was all woman. Her erect nipples pushed at the synthetic material revealing every bump and crevice. The material was thin enough you could just make out the areola. A wet spot was developing where the suit hugged her mons and was pushing between her engorged labia. 

Jinny's petite brown body was fitted with a thread like bikini. A tiny thong for the bottom that barely covered her cleft and a couple of small triangles to cover her nipples. The swell of her full breasts were obvious and exposed top, bottom, and sides. She was in the prime of beauty and this suit was unapologetically sensual. 

Both women grinned at Bud, who was stunned by how sexy they looked. The mystery was why they were suddenly so overtly sexual. Bud's intellectual ability to unravel the mystery was rapidly dwindling as his cock grew harder and he too become focused only on sex. 

The women did a slow pirouette in opposite directions. With their backs to him, both bent over at the waist and spread their legs, looking at him through their legs. Bud was able to see every bit of both beautiful butts and especially the full pink Oriental peach left uncovered by the thong. They raised back up and completed their pirouette, stopping to face each other. 

They slowly embraced and kissed a full, deep, long kiss. Lacey led Jinny to the couch and half reclined on it, pulling Jinny partially on top of her. Bud watched as they wordlessly stroked each other's arms, legs, necks, backs, breasts. Touches were replaced by kisses. Jinny sucked on Lacey's nipple through her suit. Lacey's hand pushed aside Jinny's top to roll her nipple between her fingers. Sounds began as murmurs, and escalated through moans to gasps. Their legs entwined and they rubbed their pussies against each other's legs. 

Bud wondered how far they would go when abruptly Lacely pushed Jinny up and said, "We're ready for the last outfit." Off they went to change. In a few minutes Bud heard Lacey say, "Bud, close your eyes until we tell you to open them." 

Bud closed his eyes as directed. Might as well play along since things were getting interesting. He heard them come into the room along with some whispering and rustling of clothing. 

The rustling came when Lacey and Jinny took turns sucking on each other's nipples to make sure they were tight and erect Then their fingers entered each other's pussy and stroked to ensure they were wet and flowing. Half facing each other and half facing Bud, Jinny managed a throaty, "You can open your eyes now Bud." 

Bud opened his eyes and when his mind processed what he was seeing they opened saucer wide. They had matching outfits, a see through camisole and crotchless panties. Jinny's outfit was white, contrasting with her deep tan. Lacey's was a shade of red that looked sensual on her. 

Still fingering each other they began kissing and holding each other tightly. Jinny moaned and they pushed away from each other. 

Jinny started, "Bud, you are the only person that will ever see these outfits. We wanted to tease you enough so that you would want to have se SEX with me. Actually, I need you to fuck me. Let's go into the bedroom and finish what we started, all three of us." 

Bud smiled. "Jinny, all you had to do is ask. I think you are as hot as any woman I've ever met. But why now? Why with us? There are a hundred guys that would love to just go on a date with you." 

Lacey cut Bud off. "Not now, it's complicated. Don't ruin the moment. The bedroom is calling us." With that they all headed to the bedroom. Bud picked up Jinny and threw her into the middle of the king-sized bed. She shrieked in surprise and pleasure as she flew through the air and bounced on the mattress. Bud grinned and quickly slipped out of his clothes[.] Lacey as WAS crawling across the bed to Jinny, who had an expression of lustful anticipation on her face. 

Bud could only watch as both Lacey and Jinny tried to lead each other in a sensual scenario. Lacey finally acquiesced by rolling on to her back and hugged Jinny's mouth to her tit. Jinny sucked and nibbled and slid her hand down to Lacey's wet swollen pussy. She stroked in and out, spreading pussy juice all around, then darting up to rub her clit a few times. 

Jinny alternated between nipples several times, then began to kiss her way down Lacey's stomach. With a quick move she was between Jinny's legs lick her pussy. Lacey was moaning rhythmically, "Aahhh. Aahhh. Aahhh." With a sharp intake of air between each sound. 

One of Jinny's fingers found its way to Lacey's ass and slipped it in. The other hand was massaging her pussy, first in and out, and as Lacey's hips started to involuntarily thrust up to meet Jinny's tongue, Jinny moved her hand and found Lacey's G-spot, and pressed hard against it. 

Jinny could tell Lacey was close by her breathing, little spasms that gripped the finger rubbing the G-spot[,] and BY the constrictions of Lacey's sphincter. Jinny raked her tongue roughly over Lacey's clit, then closed her lips and sucked as hard as she could. 

Lacey erupted, bucking and thrusting against fingers and tongue. Powerful contractions spasmed through her body in wave after ascending wave. The contractions were so hard Jinny was afraid Lacey was going to break the finger she had in Lacey's ass. 

Finally Lacey slumped back into the bed still on an interstellar orgasm high. She lay on the bed as if liquefied, unable and unwilling to change anything about her position. Jinny gently pulled away from Lacey and rolled on her back, smiling at Bud. Bud went over and kissed Jinny. "Damn, Jinny, I didn't know you were into girls that much." 

Jinny laughed, "No, I'm not really. Where I went to college girl-girl dates weren't unusual. I went out a few times with hard core lesbians, more out of curiosity than anything. The sex was good, but I still like men better. A LOT better." Bud's hand was cupping her tit through the sheer camisole and her nipple was poking his palm. 

Lacey stirred and saw Bud's progress with Jinny. "Not yet Bud, I get her first!" With some effort she sat up and moved over to push Bud away from Jinny. Then she covered Jinny with her body and started kissing her from her forehead down. Jinny's dark brown eyes fluttered at Lacey's touch. Jinny's hand went to Lacey's head to guide it to places she wanted Lacey's lips to touch. 

Bud was working them both over, adding to the intensity of all their arousal. He kissed Jinny with passion, and they eagerly explored with their tongues, thrashing and writhing them. Bud's hand remained on Jinny's tanned tit, twisting on her nipple, alternating breasts, enjoying what he had only fantasized until now. 

Bud kissed down Jinny's neck and sucked in her nipple and as much of her tit as he could surround with his mouth. Jinny felt a jolt running straight from her tit to her clit when she felt his mouth on her. She moaned. 

Bud's hand moved lower and cupped Jinny's beautiful butt. He always imagined what it would feel like to hold each cheek in his hands, and it was as sensual as he imagined. He move further down and turned his attention to Lacey, nibbling on her ear lobe, and kissing her neck. 

Lacey turned her head, leaving only two fingers in Jinny's pussy, to kiss bud and let him taste Jinny for the first time. Exquisite. The kiss was broken when Jinny pushed Lacey's head back to her pussy. 

Bud worked his way behind Lacey who had her tight butt high in the air. Bud tongued her slit up to her asshole several times. Lacey wiggled her butt and moaned into Jinny's pussy, keeping a steady rhythm on her pussy lips and clit. 

Bud rose up and slowly slid his iron-hard cock into Lacey's pussy. It felt like home, warm, comfortable, tight, wet, and hot. He leisurely stroked in and out of Lacey and she pushed back as much as she could while maintaining her mouth on Jinny. 

Jinny felt a wave of heat and sensation run through her as she watched Bud's towering frame push in and out of Lacey. Just the thought she would be getting the feel of that soon almost brought her off. 

Lacey could feel Jinny's inner walls tighten and convulse with increasing force and frequency. Jinny was close. Lacey increased the speed of the the motion of her tongue and fingers. Her tongue focused on Jinny's clit while two fingers pulsed in and out of her pussy. Jinny was humping back at Lacey's ministrations, sucking gasps of air. 

Lacey's other hand found Jinny's ass and pushed a finger in at the same time she sucked hard on Jinny's clit. Jinny screamed as she arched her back upward. Her pussy contracted violently on Lacey's fingers in wave after wave of orgasm, accompanied by her wail of pleasure. 

Eventually Jinny slumped back on the bed covered with perspiration and their juices. She had an almost beatific expression on her face, relaxed, feeling only pleasure and release. She smiled softly with closed eyes as her breathing and pulse returned to normal. 

"That was great, Lacey. So good. But I want Bud. You have him all the time, let me have my first time with him now." 

Bud grinned at her and pulled out of Lacey. Lacey rolled over on the bed and said, "He's all yours. I hope you can handle him." She wiped her face off with the sheet. 

Bud moved up the bed where Jinny's brown eyes were now wide open, staring at Bud's cock. Her mouth fell open and she pulled his cock into her mouth, savoring its hot hard texture and the coating of Lacey's juices. 

She surprised Bud when she opened her throat and took him down until her nose was pushing into his stomach, breathing through her nose. All the while her beautiful brown eyes were wide open and looking at him, taking in the expressions of pleasure that rolled over his face. 

"Jinny, there is sure more to yon than most people know. You are amazing. Lacey and I are going to keep this part of your personality our little secret just so we can have you for ourselves!" Bud said with a conspiratorial grin. 
