 I was filled with pride, starting my new job that morning. On the strength of my resume, along with some strong recommendations, I'd landed a great opportunity with a start-up operation within an established local company, working directly for a highly respected businessman. For a first job after graduating with my business degree, I couldn't have done much better!

I'd met my new boss only once before, during my interview, so I was eager to talk with him again that morning, and learn more about my new role. My understanding was that I'd be his go-to person to get things up and running on a new project, but that was vague, and I was eager to learn more of the day-to-day details.

I remembered thinking how surprised I was at his youthful appearance, knowing what I did of his extensive resume. He had to be in his mid-40s, but looked more like mid-30s, given his athletic physique. As I headed into that first day in the office, I remembered more about him, preparing for our meeting: he had a strong handshake, piercing blue eyes, and a warm voice.

"Yes, Amy," I heard him say through the door when I knocked, "I've been expecting you, please come in."

I glanced quickly at my watch, worried that I was late, then realized he'd only meant that he was expecting me for my first day of work. Yikes, was I nervous.

I opened the door to his office and entered, and finding him seated at his desk, studying his computer screen, I sat down across the desk from him, waiting for him to be able to give me some attention.

"So, Amy, welcome," he said, looking up after a few more moments, tossing his reading glasses aside, and his eyes meeting mine with a smile. "Glad to have you on board. I suppose you'd like to know more about what your new job will entail?"

"Yes, Mr. Collins, absolutely, I'm eager to get started."

"Oh, please, Amy, call me Jay."

"Oh, um, OK."

"So, I assume you've read the materials I e-mailed to you?"

"Yes, absolutely."

"Great. So, you understand the project, any questions?"

"Not really, just want to make sure I understand what my role will be."

"Great. Well, let me be completely honest with you. I see myself as the idea guy. I don't like to be bogged down in details. So therefore, I need someone to work at my side, attend meetings with me, keep track of what I've said I'll do and make sure I do it. I need someone to keep track of my calendar, make sure I'm prepared for whatever's coming up, keep me on task. Essentially, I need you to attend to all of the details to keep my life on track, so I can accomplish what I've promised to our partners on this project."

"I can do that!" I didn't actually have much real-world work experience, but I was confident I could handle this, inspired as I was by the impact a connection with Jay could have on my future career.

"If you can commit to serving my needs in this way, I guarantee you it'll be an exciting ride, and when you're ready to move on to bigger challenges of your own, I'll be able to open some important doors for you."

"That's wonderful, thank you. So, what's first?"

"Well, just a few more things we need to go over, and then there's an 11am meeting I'd like you to attend with me. I'll introduce you to some of the partners, and it would be great if you could take notes."

"No problem."

"So, just a few more things. I hope you won't mind doing some things for me that some people might consider to be, shall we say, beneath your level of education?"

"Um, like what?" 

"Well, I know it might seem old-fashioned, but there will be times I'll ask you to bring me coffee, do some shopping for me, even pick up dry-cleaning. I realize you don't need a business degree to do these things, but I just don't have time to be worrying about trivial details like this, and I can't trust just anyone to get it right."

"Certainly, I understand."

"But please know, you're more than welcome to use my company account to pick up coffee for yourself when you get some for me, or do some of your own shopping when you're getting something I need. I wouldn't expect anything less - some perks should go along with responsibilities like yours, after all."

"Well, thank you, that's very generous." I had no other work experience to compare this to, but it certainly seemed like a reasonable arrangement to me!

"Your workspace will be just outside there," he said, pointing to the door to his office, "so that you can easily answer my phone and receive visitors. And if there's anything you need, don't hesitate to let the office manager know. She's under instructions to charge anything you request to my project's budget."

"This sounds wonderful, Jay, anything else I need to know?"

"That covers it, I think, Amy. Oh, but I should tell you what a glowing review I got when I called your old professor for a reference."

"Oh, really?" I'd listed Dr. Tompkins as a reference for the job, hoping that an academic reference might help to make up for my lack of real-world experience.

"Yes, you might not know, he and I go way back, met in grad school, actually!"

"Wow, small world!" I blushed, suddenly wondering exactly how much my favorite former professor might have shared with my new boss. See, short-lived as it was, our affair was... well, let's just say, there was a time when I would have done anything to raise a grade. "Well, I suppose I'd better get to work. I'll get settled at my new desk, let me know when you're ready to go to that 11am meeting."

I felt Jay's eyes on me as I stood up, my skirt riding up my legs before I could pull it down, a bit of cleavage showing as I bent down to pick up my purse. I blushed again, but quickly composed myself, smiled at my new boss, and left his office, settling down to make myself comfortable at the desk outside his door.

For the next few hours, I couldn't help but daydream, remembering my encounter with Dr. Tompkins, while I found my way around the office. I'd taken a few classes from him, and he had been my faculty adviser for a year, when I really struggled in one of his classes, and barely passed with an embarrassingly low grade.

When I went to talk to him about it, even though part of me had the best intentions of asking to retake some of the exams, the slightly more devious side of me won out - I arrived at his office in my sluttiest outfit, and I threw myself at him. I was wearing a short black skirt, thigh high stockings, heels, and a tight red blouse which left nothing of my beautiful tits to the imagination, and I remember thinking how easy it was to convince him that the best course of action was for me to drop to my knees and suck him off in exchange for a change of grade.

I'd never done anything like that before, and never since - well, except for the fact that he and I followed up the one encounter with a few others - and the memories were still vivid. Never before had I exhibited such aggressive sexuality, and never before had I been rewarded for it so easily, no questions asked.

So, it was in this context, slightly wet, a bit hot and bothered, that I accompanied Jay to his 11am meeting, took notes for him, noting in my planner the tasks he'd promised to complete. I was genuinely excited about the project, about the consummate professional I'd earned the right to work with, even if my position really was that of glorified secretary. It didn't matter, it was a foot in the door, all experience was valuable experience.

"So," he asked as we rode the elevator back up to our floor after the meeting, "any questions?"

"I think I'm pretty clear, I'll type up these notes and then follow up with you tomorrow on the action items I've identified."

"Good work, Amy. That's exactly the kind of initiative I need from someone in your position. Say, could you join me in my office for a few minutes before I let you go to lunch?"

"Sure, no problem!"

"Please," he motioned to the chair opposite his desk where I'd sat just a few hours earlier, "have a seat. So, just one expectation I have of you that I didn't mention earlier this morning."

"Yes?"

"You remember my mentioning that Dr. Tompkins gave you such an impressive recommendation?"

"Well, I did take several classes from him while I was in the business program. I'm glad to have made such a good impression on him!"

"It's not so much what you did in class that impressed him, Amy. He shared a few other things with me as well."

"Oh, um, really?" I was trying to play it cool, but was suddenly very nervous about what might have been shared between these old friends.

"Yes, he described to me a day when you had a problem you needed his assistance with, and you took the initiative to visit his office, lay everything on the line, and not leave until you'd reached the desired result."

I was even more nervous now, but it was very clear I couldn't stop the direction of our conversation, so I simply nodded.

"Well, that boldness is something I wanted on my team. Even though you might see yourself as simply a secretary, it's important to me that you're capable of going out on a limb to accomplish the task at hand."

Was he really going to leave it at that? Perhaps Dr. Tompkins hadn't told him anything at all? I sighed in relief, and smiled.

"Plus, he mentioned that you are fantastic at sucking cock."

I practically fell out of my chair. "Um, excuse me?"

"You heard me, Amy. Listen, you're free to leave if I'm making you uncomfortable, and I'll even help you find another position with the firm. But what I'm really looking for in an assistant is someone who's interested in handling absolutely every detail of my life. Not just the calendar, the travel arrangements, the correspondence - but also my needs during the day that need to be satisfied before I can go back to focusing on work, go back to being the idea guy."

"Um, so..."

"Yes, Amy?" His eyes were studying not just my face, but my body language as well, as I uncrossed and recrossed my legs somewhat awkwardly, trying to take in all that he had said.

Shocked as I was at his forwardness, I wasn't about to run out of the room. After all, he was definitely an attractive man, and an incredibly successful businessman, and I didn't want to pass up the opportunity to work with him. Not to mention the fact that I found the whole idea a bit of a turn-on: sex in the office? a powerful, important man such as Jay reliant on me to relieve his sexual tensions so that he could perform at his fullest? Oh yeah, it was a definite turn-on.

I took a deep breath before speaking again, as calmly as possible. "So what exactly are your expectations in this regard?"

"Simple. Work always comes first. I'd never do anything to jeopardize my reputation, or yours, and I'd ask the same of you. If there's work to be completed, that's the priority. But on occasion, when the mood strikes, I might call you into my office, ask you to lock the door behind you as you come in, and satisfy my sexual desires, quietly and discreetly, before sending you back to your desk."

"Wow. Um, OK."

"OK? So, you're alright with this arrangement? You're prepared to be on call, not just as my secretary, but also as my sexual assistant?"

"Yes, sir."

"Alright, then, welcome aboard. For now, why don't you go back to your desk, I know you need to type up those meeting minutes, and I have some work to get done as well. But I'm sure I'll be calling on you by the end of the day for some of these other duties as assigned."

My mind raced as I sat at my desk that afternoon, struggling to concentrate on work as I once again remembered my encounters with Dr. Tompkins and imagined what it would be like to take Jay's call and join him in his office.

Jay had a meeting in his office at 3pm, that colleague left at about 3:45, and it was nearly 4 before my phone rang.

"Amy, could you come in here, please, and bring a notepad?"

"Absolutely, Jay," trying to disguise my excitement in a professional voice for the sake of my coworkers.

"But wait, listen. Don't bring your planner. Bring a simple secretary's notepad, and put your hair in a bun, held up with a pencil from your desk."

"Yes, sir. Be right in."

After quickly following his directions, I practically jumped from my chair, then strolled into his office as casually as possible. He said nothing, but instead, once I had closed and locked the door behind me, beckoned with his finger for me to come to him.

I walked around to his side of the desk, and he encouraged me to sit on the edge as he remained in his expensive leather-clad chair. He took the notepad from me and tossed it aside, then reached up to my chest and began squeezing and kneading my breasts through the fabric of my blouse. I arched my back in pleasure at his strong grasp, and after a few moments, he stood up and clutched me in a firm embrace, tugging gently at the pencil and letting it drop to the floor. 

As my long blonde hair cascaded down around my shoulders, Jay's lips found my earlobe, and he began nibbling and kissing it as his hands continued to work by breasts, my nipples hardening and my breath quickening with every touch. I let out a whimper, and Jay's hand quickly found my mouth, covering it as his blue eyes looked deeply into mine, silently warning that I needed to remain quiet.

He then sat down, unzipped his slacks, motioned with his finger once again, and I quickly took the hint that I was to kneel before him and pay attention to the cock which soon found its way free from his slacks and boxers. I took his full, impressive length into my mouth in one smooth stroke, held him there for a few moments, then began slowly bobbing up and down, my hands working together with my mouth to stroke him firmly.

Just as I found a rhythm, his phone rang, and much to my surprise, he took the call. I stopped my motions momentarily, just long enough for him to object, grab me by the hair, and force me back down on him as he continued his phone conversation, his voice as calmly professional as ever as his cock throbbed deep in my throat.

I was at once amazed and utterly inspired by his ability to continue our naughty activities while simultaneously working. In response, I picked up my pace, moving up and down on him more quickly now, as my left hand found his balls and began fondling and tickling them.

After a few moments more, he finished his call, hung up the phone, and encouraged me to stand up, spinning me around and pressing me against his desk. He made quick work of lifting my skirt up to my waist and pushing my panties to one side with one hand, his other hand gently covering my mouth as he forced two fingers into my wet pussy.

I gasped, but managed not to cry out, as he began fucking me with his fingers, and sighed with satisfaction as he removed his fingers and replaced them with his cock, first rubbing against my pussy lips before finally pushing inside. His body enveloped mine, his hands on my breasts, pinching my nipples hard as he began to fuck me from behind, my thighs slamming into his desk with each stroke.

It wasn't long - a few minutes at most - before I approached orgasm, burying my face in the papers on his desk to silence my cries of pleasure as he continued to pound in and out of my pussy, his big, hard cock filling me completely. He rode out my waves of pleasure, my pussy clenching around his cock as he fucked me, before finally pulling out, spinning me around, and pressing me down to my knees once again.

I immediately took him into my mouth once again, but he pushed me away, whispering down to me that he wanted me to look up into his eyes, using my hands instead of my mouth, to jack him off until he came.

I followed instructions, understanding that satisfying him wasn't only thanks for the powerful orgasm he'd just brought me, but was, in fact, part of my job.

"You understand, of course, that I can't send you out of my office covered in cum?"

"Of course, sir."

"So it's your job to swallow every drop?"

"Yes, sir."

"Are you ready for a mouth full of cum, Amy?"

"Oh, yes, Jay, I want it!"

"Then take me into your mouth, and you'll be rewarded for all of your hard work today."

I quickly sucked his entire length deep into my throat, continued playing with his balls with my left hand, and then began moving up and down on him, my mouth and right hand working in conjunction, up and down, up and down, before he began to jerk and spasm, and shot a load of hot sticky cum into my mouth.

I dutifully swallowed every drop, licked his cock clean, dressed him again, and stood up, straightening my own clothes.

"You clearly take very naturally to this, Amy, taking the responsibility to make sure we're both respectable before we go back to work."

"Absolutely."

"I think today has been the start of a very successful business partnership."

"Yes, sir. Looking forward to tomorrow already."