 "So," she said, popping the last little bit of burger she had left in her mouth, "do you want to fuck?"

He didn't even look at her while reaching for his soda on the coffee table. "Christ, Twigs. Ever since you and Tom broke up you've been giving it out to anyone and everyone."

She smiled her playful smile and shrugged a little. "I'm not 'giving it away.' I am taking what I want. There is a difference. Besides, it's been awhile since I've heard you bring one of your timid little dates home." She started to get up, picking up the wrappers of their burgers and fries.

"Timid? Why do you say they are timid?" He was honestly confused. Usually, he could tell when she was trying to egg him on into some kind of useless argument, but he had no idea where that came from or where it was going.

"Yes, timid. As I am sure you can hear me through these paper thin walls, I can hear you as well," she said, placing the wrappers in the bags she brought them home in. "You want my fries?"

"No, no thanks. And by the way, the whole apartment complex can hear you." He raised his eyebrows at her and she smiled again.

"At least I'm not like your timid girls!" She picked up all of the trash, walking toward the kitchen. He couldn't help but notice her cute little ass and slim figure, hence the nickname of Twigs he gave her, dressed in a tank top and drawstring pajama pants as she walked away, imitating his "timid girls." He had to say she did a pretty good job, and it was pretty fucking hot. "Oh," she sighed, smiling back at him. "Oh...oh Roger...oh god...oh...oh...don't stop!" She chuckled as she disappeared into the kitchen. 

His mind wandered to the times he had heard her have sex. She wasn't overly loud, even though he teased her about being so. You could just tell she was lost in pleasure. She had a naturally sexy voice already, and hearing her talk dirty, moan, and breathe heavy was more than he could take most nights. He had come with her many times, although she wasn't aware.

Even her imitation of his conquests was enough to give him a semi hard-on. "You going out with Ben later?" she asked from the kitchen, where he could hear her unloading the dishwasher. The woman never stopped moving!

"Nah," he answered. "He and Kellie are going to a movie. And no," he adjusted himself so his semi wasn't visible, "that doesn't mean we are going to fuck!" More of her sultry, soft laughter drifted from the kitchen.

"You never know, Rog. We may get really bored..." It was more of an open ended comment than a statement, and he rolled his eyes, knowing this night was going to be pure torture if he stayed.

"You know," he said, starting to get up, "I might see if Ron wants to go out. He called me yest..." and stopped dead. She was walking back into the living room, beers in hand, wearing a lacy black bra and matching thong. She had her hair down, the dark waves lose over her shoulders. She was walking and talking, but he didn't hear her. He settled back into his seat and took the beer she offered him, and almost shook his head to break the spell he was under for a moment. "I'm sorry, what did you say?"

Her smile was brilliant. "I said, we don't have to fuck. There are other things." She sat down on the sturdy solid wood coffee table that Roger had helped his grandfather make, and all he could think was that beautiful ass was on his coffee table and how lucky it was. 

He took a swig of the beer, more out of habit than want, and concentrated hard on only looking at her face as he spoke to her. "Other things?"

She gifted him with another honey chuckle. "Yes, my young Padawan. Other things. Like, for instance, reenactments of some of that porn you have on your laptop." She took a drink of her beer as he looked at her confused. "You left your laptop on the coffee table the other night after you passed out on the couch. I was just going to check my Facebook, but then...then I got curious." 

She crossed her legs and leaned forward, putting her elbow on her knee and resting her chin on her hand. "I expected just some of the regular porn, but you surprised me. I've never seen a man have so much video of just women fingering themselves. And not just fingering themselves, but every video, I mean at least the several I watched, all of them came to orgasm. Hmm."

He was starting to get uncomfortable. Yes, he loved to see women come. Really come. Not that fake orgasm shit that you see in most pornos. He loved to see their thighs shake, and their breathing get faster. He loved to see and feel them have the small aftershocks afterwards, and that glassed over look in their eyes. Twigs was staring at him, and all he could do was stare back. She kept the gaze locked, and then popped up suddenly. 

"So! Here's my plan." She got up, and started to move the heavy coffee table so that the short end was facing him instead of the long. In any other circumstance, he would have helped her move it; it is pretty heavy. But he was confused, had a semi hard-on, and was enjoying her bend over in that thong and seeing her tits bounce a little with every movement of the coffee table she made. She was talking the whole time, and he made sure to try and pay attention to what she was saying. 

"I am going to do something, and if it goes further, it goes further. If it doesn't, it doesn't. But I really think that both of us are going to enjoy it; at least I know I will." The coffee table seemed to be positioned to her liking, and she stood straight up, her hands on her hips and a smile on her face. Then she frowned for a second, and then smiled again. 

"Excuse me," she said, while bending over directly in front of him while pulling the coffee table a little closer to where he was sitting. That was it; he was rock hard, so he tried to adjust himself again before she turned around. 

She stood up straight again, and looked down at him from over her shoulder, "Here we go." She turned and sat down on the coffee table. While looking directly at Roger, she reached behind her back and unhooked her bra. Very slowly, she slid the straps off of her shoulders and removed the bra completely. Her breasts were lovely. A little bigger than someone with her small frame should have, and her nipples a rosy color. 

She threw the bra to the ground and brought her hands to the top of her breasts. She started to slide her hands over them, cupping them and squeezing them, looking down at them, and taking in a quick breath when she squeezed her nipples slightly. She looked up at Roger and squeezed her breasts again, keeping her mouth open and letting out a sigh. 

He couldn't believe this was happening. Was she really doing this? He couldn't move. He couldn't think. Probably because there was no more blood flowing to his brain. Shouldn't he leave? He should leave. But then, she opened her legs. She leaned back on an elbow on the coffee table, and started to slide the other hand down. Down over her chest and between her tits. Down between her ribs and over her amazing and toned stomach. She was watching her own hand, a small smile spreading on her lips and she started to ease her hand under the lace of her panties. 

She stopped, and she looked up at Roger. He was breathing a little harder, and so was she. "I can stop..." she said, again leaving it open ended, waiting for some sign from him. He shook his head back and forth, and turned his gaze back to her hand. She smiled bigger, and moved her hand lower until it was no longer visible except for the little bit of flesh he could see behind the black lace. She had a quick intake of breath, and let her head fall back, her hand moving in a circular motion on her pussy. She brought her head back up, looking at Roger with her mouth open, the pleasure obvious on her face. 

His hard-on was getting painful now, but he couldn't be bothered with it. He didn't want to miss a moment of what she was doing to herself. She was going back and forth between circular and up and down motions, her toes curling from time to time, and her thighs flexing and un-flexing. She was letting out soft sighs and moans, looking down at her hand, and then she dipped her hand even lower and he knew she was putting her fingers inside of herself. She let out a deep moan this time, and the sound made him want to instantly slam his cock deep inside of her. 

She looked up at him, the look in her eyes almost desperate. "Roger...it feels so good. It feels so fucking good..." He could tell that she was moving her fingers in and out, and never knew he could have such hateful feelings towards a pair of underwear before in his life. Luckily, a remedy presented itself. "I want to see you, Roger. Please."

He stood up, taking off his shirt and gym shorts, all the while she was looking at him, softly saying "Yes," at every piece of him she got to see. He kneeled down in front of her, her hand still doing it's job, and wrapped his fingers around her underwear at the hips, and started to pull them off. He could smell her, and he allowed the sweet smell to fill him before pulling them all the way off. She put her legs together slightly and lifter her hips, her hand moving back up to her clit and lips. When he tossed them aside she opened her legs back up. 

Her fingers were glistening with her own juices, and she slid her middle and ring fingers down between her lips and back inside. He stood between her legs and she laid back completely on the coffee table. She was a vision with her hair cascading around her, her tits jiggling ever so slightly from her hand movement, and her pussy and fingers glistening and she pleasured herself for him. A heavy bead of precum oozed it's way out of him, and he took hold of himself and started to spread it around the head of his cock with his thumb. 

"Oh fuck, yes Roger. Please. Stroke yourself for me." She shuddered a little as he began to stroke himself, making sure to go slow because seeing her in front of him like this was enough to make him spray his load on it's own. 

She was moaning deeply now. She had her fingers inside of her, and her other hand had moved down to her clit which she was slowly rubbing. "Roger," she arched a little, shuddering. "Rog...oh god Rog I'm close." He could tell she was. She kept flexing her ass which was making her hips rise and fall. Her tits were pressed together from her arms pressing them in on the sides, and kept jiggling with the motion of her hands ravaging her pussy. She was arching and moaning, looking up at Roger stroking his cock and shuddering. 

"Oh fuck...oh fuck..." and then her eyes flew open. She stared at Roger with almost a look of horror and tensed up. Then he saw it; the waves. The first wave of the orgasm hit her hard and she had a violent spasm. After the initial one, wave after wave hit her, making her shudder and moan loudly. She was still shuddering when she opened her eyes. Her hands were still moving, only slower and more gently. "Roger...will you come on me? Please...I need to feel it. I need to feel how much I make you come." 

Roger had never heard anything so beautiful. No woman he had been with would let him come on them, and here was this angel, this sex goddess in front of him, practically begging him for it. He didn't think he could get any harder, but he felt himself stiffen even more in his hand as he moved forward, aiming himself in her general direction, not completely sure of where she wanted it. "Oh Rog...if you come on me, I'm going to come again." Her fingers were moving faster again, and Roger was about to blow.

"Oh...Evelyn..." he said, and then he exploded. Streams of spunk shot out of him, landing all over her chest, her belly, her thighs. He saw some hit her cheek and would have winced if he wasn't in an unearthly state of bliss. For a moment he heard himself; he was growling and moaning, all at the same time. 

He had never come so much and for so long. Empty and exhausted, he looked down at Twigs. She was covered in his spunk. It was everywhere. Her hands were still buried in her pussy, and she started to move them away, shuddering with the motion. She turned her head, which had fallen to it's side, a huge grin spreading on her face. 

"Sit down before you fall down," she said to him, and he fell back onto the couch. She sat up, rubbing his jizz into her breasts and belly. He lifted his head for a moment, meeting her eyes. "Join me for a shower?" she asked, smiling a half smile.

"Fuck. Yes." He started to get up from the couch, feeling like he just hiked 100 miles. She got up and started to walk towards the bathroom, her ass red from being pressed onto the coffee table. 

She looked back at him, that smile never leaving her lips. "I wonder if you will call me by my real name every time you come, or if that was a freak occurrence."

He grinned, shuffling his way behind her. "I can't wait to find out!"