 It was cold enough that I was unable to tell if I was simply exhaling warm air or the remainder of the drag off my cigarette. I don't usually smoke, but Aaron was smoking, and I'd been drinking enough beer throughout the night that it seemed like a good enough idea. I would be extremely thankful later that I'd bummed a smoke so I could join him out on the balcony.

The day had been nice; clear and warm for early February. A group of about 20 of us had met up for dinner and drinking, then moved on to a friend's apartment to finish off the night. I'd met Aaron before, and had liked what I saw, but never really got to talk to him. We talked during dinner and flirted more seriously as the night went on and the alcohol consumption grew. We made a joke early on that he would be my bitch for the evening – something I didn't mind in the slightest.

I shivered, pulling my arms tight around my body. Aaron moved closer, our bodies brushing against each other. The contact sent warm shivers throughout my body. I felt my nipples tingle, and enjoyed the flush of warmth from my groin. I leaned gently back, and flicked away my cigarette.

"It got chilly tonight," I said softly.

"But the stars are out. I can see Orion, and he can see me. As long as I can see those stars, I'll feel fine. Orion's seen me through a lot." I loved listening to him talk; he had a very deep voice and a cute northern California accent – a bit spaced-out, but in a very easy-going and friendly sort of way. I smiled at his comment about the stars. It was the clearest night in a week, and the stars seemed to be making up for their absence by shining overtime. We stood together, watching the sky and longing for each others' warmth. Aaron leaned over to me. I smelled his cologne and felt his breath on my neck.

"It's too bad there are so many people here tonight," he whispered. Before I could answer, I felt his mouth on my earlobe. I gasped, and then sighed in pleasure. His mouth was so warm, his tongue soft and gentle. He nibbled and sucked on my ear. I leaned more deeply against him, moaning softly. He pulled away slightly and I turned my head to look at him.

"Are you still cold?" he asked, lightly kissing my nose.

"Just this hand," I said, placing it on the small of his back. I let my fingertips stray innocently onto the curve of his ass. I pulled him closer, pressing my pelvis and breasts against his body. We paused, lips parted, a mere inch away from each other. I looked up slowly, locking my deep brown eyes with his. I felt his cock react through our clothes.

"You know," I breathed, "there may be 15 people inside, but we're the only two out here." I tilted my head slightly to the side, drawing my eyes back to look at his thick lips and finally kissed him. 

I felt an electric shock as our lips touched, and he slipped his tongue slowly into my mouth. I was beginning to really appreciate that tongue. He explored my mouth gently but firmly, and I melted into his arms. He placed his hands around my waist, pressing harder against me with his steadily growing cock. He broke away and nuzzled his face in my neck. I held him close, taking in his scent and entwining my fingers in his wild hair.

I leaned back against the cold railing, pulling my upper body slightly away from his. His hand went to my breast as his mouth locked with mine once more. His hands roamed my body and squeezed my ass. They slid up and between my legs, and I moaned more loudly.

"It's too cold and risky for me to get naked," I whispered between kisses. We turned, and I pushed him against the rail. My hand trailed down his taut stomach, and I ran my fingers across his waistline. I slipped my hand down his pants, squeezing his member gently. He reacted immediately, sucking in a quick breath and closing his eyes in pleasure. As I felt him growing in my hand, I licked my lips, grinning at him slyly.

"You weren't kidding," he breathed. "You're not as innocent as you look."

I shook my head and giggled softly. "Not by a long shot, buddy, and you ain't seen nothin' yet." I told him to keep an eye on the sliding door into the kitchen. We were the only two smoking and the others were busy drinking in the other room. Conceivably, we were safe, but the possibility of getting caught made everything all the more exciting and urgent.

I unbuttoned his jeans with one hand and slid the zipper down as I lowered myself to my knees. His penis was straining against the cloth, and it popped out with little coaxing. I wrapped my hand around it, pleasantly surprised by the size. This was definitely my lucky night.

Aaron's hand clasped my hair and pulled my face toward his throbbing cock. I opened my mouth and slid my lips around his head, exploring with my tongue. I took him in slowly, sucking and licking. My lips went all the way to the base of his shaft, and I paused, enjoying the feeling of stuffing him completely into my mouth. I pulled up slowly, pulling with my right hand as my left found his balls. His cock was glistening wet with my saliva. 

Aaron breathed in sharply when his head left the warm sanctuary of my mouth. I pumped his shaft with my hand, allowing his head to cool off in the crisp air. I moved my open mouth over it, letting him feel the heat of my breath. Slowly, deliberately, I ran my tongue up the bottom of his penis and around the lip of his head. I wanted him turned up to the max and ready to beg to be sucked off. His entire body trembled as I took his cold head into my warm mouth and sucked hungrily.

With my left hand I worked his balls, rolling them in my palm, tugging them gently and tracing my fingernails gently across them. My right hand stroked his cock, following my mouth up and down the entire shaft. I rotated it, letting him get the maximum exposure to the natural ribs of my fingers. My head moved up and down, taking him deep into my throat and all the way out, squeezing with my hand.

As I slid up and down, I felt his body tense and his balls tremble as they moved closer to the base of his cock. I moved faster, humming softly, vibrating my lips and throat all around his cock. Suddenly, he cried out, unable to hold either his yells or his orgasm back any longer. I squeezed the base of his cock and pressed that magic spot between his balls and his asshole as he came. His dick spasmed in my mouth as his load shot down my throat and I moaned in pleasure. I pumped it slowly, squeezing out every drop with satisfaction.

Aaron finally caught his breath and looked down at me. I smiled up at him, kissing the head of his cock one last time. I stood up slowly, tracing my hands up his body, and kissed him lightly on his flushed cheek. He put his arms around me, kissing me and nuzzling his face into the nape of my neck.

"I'm going to need another cigarette."