 Introduction:  Nearly 15 months ago, I read a story on Literotica.  The story intrigued me, the picture of the author excited me, and so I wrote her a brief note about her story.  That note led to frequent emails talking about our current lives, our unhappiness in our long time marriages, and eventually to the realization that there was an incredible connection between us.   Emails turned to chats, chats to phone calls and now we have become incredibly connected.  We are 2500 miles apart, living in different countries and family responsibilities make it impossible for us to quit our marriage and be with each other.  But we dream, we plan on that day when perhaps we can be together.  This story is about our life together, not in this universe, but in a parallel dimension.  

Over the years, string theory has simultaneously become more frustrating and fabulous. On the one hand, the original theory has become mind-bogglingly complex, one that posits an 11-dimensional universe (far more than the four- dimensional universe of Einstein). The modified theory is so mathematically dense that many Ph.D.-bearing physicists haven't a clue what their string- theorist colleagues are talking about.  On the other hand, new versions of the theory suggest our universe is just one of zillions of alternate, invisible -- perhaps even inhabited -- universes where the laws of physics are radically different. String buffs claim this bizarre hypothesis might help to explain various cosmic mysteries.

The cosmic mystery that needs explaining to me is why we are not together.  I am sure that there is a reality where we are enjoying each other as I know we would.


December 12, 2012  (12/12/12) - An alternate, inhabited universe

My eyes slowly opened that morning.  I glanced over at the clock which read 5:00 and smiled.  Oh my, 65 years old today.  I smiled to myself, almost always starting the day by smiling to myself.  Life was incredibly good.

I rolled over onto my back careful not to wake her up so early.  She was snuggled up close to me, her hair sprawled out over the pillow, her beautiful body near that I just wanted to reach over.  Her eyes fluttering open, she looked up and smiled.  Most days would start like this. I'd get out of bed to have my first cup and she'd roll over and grab another hour or two.  

"Happy Birthday baby", she said as she snuggled even closer.  Pressure from her arms told me that I needed to turn towards her and as our lips met, I realized that after nearly 30 years she still excited me as much as ever.  Feeling her nipples pressed into me, her lower body pressed tightly against mine had the results that they always did.  

"So, you can still get it up at 65", she quipped.  One of the many things I loved about her was the quick wit, her amazing ability to make me smile at almost any moment.  "On your back" she whispered in my ear as her lips caressed my neck.  Obeying her wish, I rolled over and watched as she gave me one of her mischievous smiles and manoeuvred herself on top of me. She went to work,  her lips travelling down my torso, my neck, my nipples, my belly (pretty flat for a 65 yr old) and finally to my thighs where she paused for a moment. I waited, knowing she would take her time, wanting to prolong my anticipation...she could be such a tease. Glancing back up at me with another little smile, she held my gaze as she slowly lowered her lips to the tip of my now rock-hard erection. She began with soft little kisses, working in some gentle licks up and down my entire length as she stroked me with one of her hands, and then finally she took me into her mouth so deep that I was amazed she didn’t gag. God, she was good at this. I’d never been with another woman who took such obvious delight sucking cock. Her lips alternated pressure as her tongue swirled and danced over my engorged flesh, one small hand kneading and stroking as the other deftly cradled my sensitive balls. This was going to be over far too soon if she wasn’t careful. Having me finish in her mouth apparently wasn’t part of her agenda this morning though, because just when I thought I wouldn’t be able to hold back any longer, I felt my cock pop out of her mouth.  That hungry look I loved to see in her eyes was definitely in place as she moved to straddle my thighs, delicately wiping a little dribble of saliva from the corner of her smiling lips with one well manicured fingertip. Leaning forward until her stiff nipples brushed the hair of my chest, she kissed me in a way that let me know how excited her efforts had gotten her. I could feel her juices, warm and silky where her sex was pressed against me. Using her hands on my chest to leverage herself, she sat back upright and started to squirm her way up my body, leaving a moist trail behind, until her fragrant pussy was mere inches from my face.  

"Look how ready I am for you baby" she breathed as she lowered herself onto me.  I could smell her arousal and see her fluids glistening on her thighs, her swollen labia and her engorged clit.  Reaching upward, I gave her a long, slow lick, from bottom to top, marveling at how wet she was, even wetter than usual.  Her sighs gradually turned into moans as I caressed and probed her delicious little clit with my lips and tongue, the telltale quivering of her legs letting me know that she wasn’t far from orgasm. She wanted more though...pulling back again, she wormed her way back down my torso until her pussy lips were giving my straining hard-on another type of kiss.
“Together baby” she murmured into my mouth as she tasted herself on my lips “I want you to cum with me”. Reaching between us, she took me in her hand and leisurely, exquisitely guided me inside her.  She took it slowly, an inch at a time, drawing it out as she knew I liked it, but eventually the teasing became too much and I grabbed her ass cheeks and pulled her down forcefully,  my entire cock buried deep inside her in one hard thrust.  I felt her gasp as her pussy contracted around me, gripping me tight. Her breathing was a little erratic as she cocked an eyebrow at me “So, you’re in charge now, eh? What’s next then?” With a low chuckle, I took the hint, in one swift move rolling her over on to her back, pinning her under me, her legs over my shoulders.  My turn to tease...withdrawing almost completely, then giving it back to her just a little at a time, inch by inch until I was sliding freely in and out,  swiveling my hips on every thrust the way she liked it, grinding against her clit. The way her body quivered, and the way her low moans were becoming louder, more demanding, let me know she was nearing the point of no return.  "Please baby" she whimpered “I’m so close...Please”.  I felt her pussy gripping me tighter, pulling me deeper as her climax began, her cries of pleasure tipping me over the edge. Losing what little control I had left, with a groan I joined her, emptying my balls deep inside her as she milked me of every drop.

As we both drifting down from our high, she looked up and smiled. "Happy Birthday Lover".  I lay down next to her, kissed her gently, wrapped my arms around her and whispered "You are my soulmate, my love, my everything.  It’s hard to imagine my life without you".  We both closed our eyes and I drifted into a state of semi-consciousness.  My thoughts went back to that date, nearly 30 years ago, when we first met.