 We are spending our first weekend together. I found a beach house for us. It is a lovely cabin near the water, with a large veranda, a huge living room with a big fireplace and a lovely rustic, romantic bedroom. We arrived at the same time on Friday afternoon, our first time to be together, away from phones, people, families. We sit on the couch and talk. Our fingers intertwined, occasionally touching each other's face, as if reassuring ourselves that this is really happening. 

We talk lightly, laughing and giggling. We talk seriously, looking into each other's eyes, deciding if we can trust our souls to this other person, who is so important, yet so unknown. The music on the CD player is soft, gentle. The candles fill the room with the scent of vanilla. We sit facing each other, getting to know one another again. Fitting the person to the voice and heart we have grown to love. 

We lean into a kiss- one perfect kiss- the way I knew it would be when our lips finally touched. Our talk flows so smoothly. We have a lifetime to share, stories to tell, ideas to present, points to make. Our fingers move against each other, the thrill of touching is enough for now. Then it is time for dinner. We know there is a great Chinese restaurant in town. We separate to change and then we meet in the living room to go to dinner. 

After dinner, we return to our cozy home. You start the fire, I start the CDs and light the candles. We have no lights, it is just lovely by firelight. It is a cool, clear night and we decide to go to the veranda to watch the water. We change into sweatpants and sweatshirts and go outside. The sky is clear, the stars are vibrant, the moon is full. There is a huge old white wicker rocking chair. You sit down and pull me into your lap. I am sitting sideways on your lap. My head is on your chest, listening to your heart, as I have done so many times in my imagination. Your strong arms are around me, holding me close; my knees are up against your right side. I am so happy. 

You are looking out at the water and the moon and want me to see too. You turn me on your lap so my back is pressed against your chest. You pull me close. There is an old quilt on the back of the chair. I pull it around us, holding it closed in front of me, making a tent around us. Your hands are on my tummy. I can feel the warmth through my clothes. You reach my waistband and gently pull on my pants. I lift my bottom to help you. You remove my pants and panties in one motion, dropping them behind the rocker. We sit, me on your lap, the quilt wrapped around us. We are in our own little coccoon. Your hands slide under my shirt, holding my breasts, fondling my now-hardening nipples. All the while, we are sitting so nicely, watching the stars and moon. 

I am leaning against you, your hands warm on my tummy. they are slipping under my shirt, just touching my skin. Your lovely, warm, skilled hands, your fingers massaging my skin. You reach down and hook your own waistband, lifting up your hips, and me, to remove your pants. You drop them behind the chair. My buttocks settle against your thighs. I feel your hard cock pressed against me and I want it inside me, so much! All those days of chatting, all those nights of talking. This all runs 

through my mind as I feel your hardness and need. I slowly lift myself up and settle back down with your cock deep inside me, so deep. But it is not enough, not enough for us. I want you so deep inside me you may never leave. Now we are linked, so deeply, so sweetly. Me, on your lap, with your cock so deep inside me. Your long legs are stretched out, rocking the chair in a slow, hypnotic movement. Each time we rock, your cock moves within me, up and down, back and forth, in and out. I am so happy, so full of you. My back is pressed against your chest, your hands moving under my shirt, touching me everywhere. You are making my skin warm as your fingers wander. My nipples are aching for you and you play with them, rolling them between your fingers, plucking and pinching. You run your fingernails lightly right over the nipples, something I once told you I loved. I am shivering and pull the quilt closer to us. 

I draw my legs up, my toes tucked under your thighs. You hold me and we rock, slowly and steadily. Every rock of the chair moves your cock inside me, in and out, up and down, back and forth. The sensation is so incredible. Your hands slide up to my breasts, touching my hardening nipples, gently plucking them, pinching them, rubbing them. We are talking, watching the moon and the waves and losing ourselves in the absolute joy of this moment. You are finally inside me, where you belong and I want it to last forever. The quilt is around us. My head is back against your shoulder. 

You are whispering in my ear, kissing my neck. I feel your breath on my cheek. It is so much like all those nights we have slept together in our minds, except now, I feel your hardness deep inside me. It is dark. The only light is from the moon and the fire burning inside the cabin. We can hear night noises and the CD's playing softly inside. I love this, being with you, finally. It is absolutely perfect. Then, in the distance, I can see a couple walking down the beach, right toward our cabin. Maybe they won't see us. It is dark on the veranda. 

They are walking apart from each other, looking at the ground, not at each other or the beautiful night. Now, the man is waving at us. You put one arm out of the quilt and wave at him. They start walking toward us. I look up at you. You whisper, "It will be ok, I am here, you are safe." Then you kiss my cheek and slip your fingers over my tummy, through my curlies and directly to my clit. I look up at you again, uncertain of this game. "I can't... I can't make sense." You smile at me and kiss

my cheek and tell me it is ok. You are there, you have it under control. Besides, you like me nonsensical. You are smiling, holding me so close. Your fingers are still on my nipple and your right hand..your right hand..is sliding down my belly, moving purposefully into my curlies and directly to my clit. I close my eyes, feeling for the first time your loving hands on my sweet little cock. The rocking continues. You are moving within me, so steadily, so constantly. I feel your smile against my cheek. The couple is in front of us now, standing in the sand, leaning on the railing. 

They are about our age and friendly, glad to find a couple to spend time with. They seem nice, but I am so conscious of it all. Of your fingers on my nipple, your other hand on my pussy, touching my clit, your cock inside me, our pants in a heap behind the rocking chair. All this races through my mind. I hear the constant sound of your cock in my wetness and I wonder if they can hear, that lovely slurpy sound of you loving me. 

As if you read my mind, you smile and say that everything is ok. The couple seems to think we are nice. They are on the veranda now, sitting at the little table, turning toward us. They seem like married people, together, yet so distant. I am so aware of us, our closeness, our desire, our need. You never stop the rocking motion. You are holding me against you as if I am fragile. You are kissing my cheek, inhaling my hair, loving me with your hands. I want you more than I can bear. 

My breath is coming faster. The couple is introducing themselves, discussing the Chinese restaurant, inviting us to join them tomorrow night. I am quickly losing contact with this conversation. All I can hear is us, our lovely juices mingling. All I can feel is the spot where your finger is resting on my clit, where your hand is cradling my breast. I haven't said anything intelligent, not sure if I have said anything at all. I am just trying to keep breathing and not disgrace us. 

Then, your fingers start to move on my clit, rubbing around the little button, moving smoothly and gently, making me moan softly. I can feel your smile broaden...and your hand quicken. I try to see your face, but you are being so friendly and neighborly, and enjoying yourself so much. I am breathing so quickly now. You are very casually winding up the conversation, encouraging them to move along. The man suddenly realizes what is happening and seems inclined to stay. The woman is so oblivious. 

Her husband reaches for her hand and starts to rub her fingers. She looks down at their intertwined fingers and back at us. Suddenly, her mouth makes a perfect O and she blushes, and rises hastily to leave. She has to pull her husband, he is not anxious to leave us. And YOU, you are rubbing me faster and a little harder, feeling my hips moving against you. You are rocking a little faster too, moving your cock into me with a little more force. 

The couple steps down from the porch and starts to walk away. He turns back to say something and she pulls him by the arm and makes him keep walking. I look up at you. You lean into a kiss that makes me tremble, your mouth devouring mine. Your fingers are so insistent. Incredibly, I can feel it, the heat pouring through me and I am coming so hard, so completely. Your mouth is swallowing my moans, your fingers pinching my hard nipples and making me arch toward you. Suddenly, 

I feel you swelling inside me and tensing. Then, the explosion as you fill me with your come, rocking as you pulsate so deep within me, making me yours.