 So the great vacation begins, as most vacations do; with last minute running around, packing, shopping, etc. Except this one is a little different. By taking an extra day off on the front side of the vacation, we were able to get everything done and remain somewhat relaxed and calm. Not only were we able to make it to the airport with little fuss, we had time to enjoy a great last evening at home.

Even while we were waiting at the gate, the two of us are flirting and teasing with each other, we were still talking about our adventures the night before:

There we were, both of us dressed nicely, me in all black – Dockers and a collarless button down shirt and you, you looking so good, in a long flowing skirt and button down blouse. I could just catch glimpses of the top of your stockings through the slit that ran up the side. My eyes kept wandering from your great smile, to your deep eyes, and once and a while, down to the casually undone buttons on your blouse. Something was a little different; as your cleavage looked as deep as ever tonight.

During dinner, the conversation kept returning to what we were going to do later.

"You look so hot, I can't wait to finish here so we can go home and enjoy the main course."

You just smiled and replied with "you haven't seen anything yet. Just wait until later, babe."

"Oh?"

"Oh yeah - I went shopping this afternoon while you were out stopping the mail. Picked up a few things for our trip tomorrow, and, um, even a little something for tonight."

"Oh boy" is all I could say. If dinner was served by rollerblading speed demons, it still wouldn't have been served fast enough. Finally, we walked out to the parking lot hand in hand. As I opened the car door for you, I blocked your entrance and took you in my arms. Our kiss turned instantly passionate, with your back up against the car and our hands all over each other. My hands ran through your hair, pulling you closer to me, deepening our kiss. Your hands roamed all over my chest, around my back, and eventually settling on my butt pulling me tighter against you. 

I began to stiffen in my pants and you felt it instantly – and responded by rubbing yourself against me. I felt your breasts swell and harden against my chest. 

You pushed me away, and with a quick glance around the dark parking lot, you unbuttoned another two buttons of your blouse, allowing me a flash of the top of your cleavage and the new corset just below.

Oh what a night it was...

Now standing in line to board the plane I tell you how great you look in those shorts... that they fit you so well and the slight hint of your thong from behind is driving me nuts. I lean a little closer and whisper that I can't wait to slide my hands all over you once we are on the plane. You just grin; tell me to quit and to keep my hands to myself. 

We have two seats together, and I hope that the plane is lightly filled. As we watch the rest of the people get on the plane, I keep my fingers crossed that no-one comes and takes the isle seat in our row. Sure enough, they slam the main door, and the seat remains empty!

Just as soon as the flight attendant appears, I ask politely for a blanket. She gives you a sly smile as she takes one down from the overhead bin and hands it to you. You in turn, give me a look like I better not be planning anything. I just shrug my shoulders and give you my own version of a sly smile and cover our laps. 

It's an evening flight, and right after take-off I lift up the armrest between us and you lift the one to your left. This gives us the whole row to stretch out in. I turn a little sideways in the seat and you follow, leaning against me. They dim the cabin lights for the duration of the flight.

I put my arm around your shoulder and kiss the top of your head, and trail little kisses down to your ear while my arm slips around your waist. From my vantage point I can see a little ways down your shirt... and last night flashed back into my brain and I can't help but smile.

My hands roam all over your hot body, and I can see the look in your eye. Your sweet lips part slightly and your breathing becomes deeper. You settle back against me further. You are aware of people walking up and down the isle now, and we are trying real hard to be nonchalant, but it's getting harder. So am I. 

I slip my hands up the opening of your shorts and am surprised by the amount of wetness already there. 

"Is this turning you on?"

You nod and let out an "unnhuh."

I whisper how crazy I am about you... then slowly slip a finger inside of you. A moan escapes your lips. I kiss the side of your neck, and slowly start to move my finger in and out of you.

You ask me to stop.

"Do you really mean that?"

You just shudder and I continue.

"Nooo" you breathe, but I can tell by your movement, you want more. You're breathing hard; your hips are moving in the seat, trying to get more of my finger even deeper inside of you. Bucking your hips - trying to grind your hot little clit against my hand.

I lean over and kiss you deeply. I lift my hand from under the blanket and bring it up to our lips. We continue to share the kiss with the added excitement of your taste. 

You run your hand down my chest and lower... reaching for my growing hardness. I hear you let out a sigh as your hand finds it, and I let out a moan as you give me a squeeze. 

I take a look around and make an instant decision – I tell you to put yourself back together. 

"Why" you ask with a puzzled look. 

"Just do it..." I reply with a wicked type grin. "We need to continue this."

Before you can even tuck your blouse back in, I am up out of my seat, your hand in mine, coxing you up from yours. We walk down the aisle half disheveled, me leading you by the hand. Other passengers looked up at us, half wondering what the hell we were doing, and the other half knowing exactly. 

We reach the bathroom and I open then door. You hurry inside the small confine, and I squeeze in behind you and lock the door.

"Hop up on the counter."

I kneel down in front of you and in a flash; my mouth is kissing up your thigh. You unbutton your shorts and slide them down your legs.

I look up at you and look at the lust in your eyes. My eyes wander lower, over your heaving chest, your firm breasts pressing against your blouse, and lower still. There is a huge wet patch in the front of your panties.

"Pull your thong aside. I want to see how wet you are." 

A moan escapes your lips. "Lick me," you breathe. "Please, taste me..." 

I am only happy to oblige. "Open yourself to me. Show me just how wet you are." 

Even before you can reach down with your fingers, I burry my face inside between your thighs and inhale your aroma. Just as my tongue snakes out there is a knock on the door. I look up at you.

"I think we better stop..."

"No way in hell, babe" I say.

Your fingers move back down towards your wetness. As you open yourself up, I slip a finger slowly inside of you, and by way of an answer, you moan your response to the knocker. 

As I push my finger up against your clit from the inside, I tell you: "I want you to cum all over my face."

I can feel how close you are from all of this buildup... and with a scrape of my teeth across your clit and a hand under your ass pulling you closer, I feel your legs begin to shake on my shoulders. You hands are in my hair, pulling me tighter against your soaking wet pussy as my tongue flicks back and forth against your swollen clit. With a deep shudder, you let out a scream and flood me with your juices. I give the inside of your thighs little kisses as you come down from your orgasm.

I stand up, as best I can in the tight confines of the little bathroom, and kiss you deeply again, pushing you back against the mirror. Your tongue is licking up the residue of your wetness from my face when I tell you to get down on your knees...

You lower yourself from the cabinet and sit down on the seat –as close to your knees as you can get. I undo my belt and pull my pants down in one motion. It's then you realize that I am not wearing any underwear, something I know you like.

My cock is as hard as can be, and you waste little time taking it between your soft lips. I reach down, running my hands through your hair and around your pretty face. Holding your head in my hands, I begin rotate my hips forward and back, helping to slide myself in and out of your mouth. We hit a little turbulence, and I get pushed forward into your mouth even deeper that I planned, and with a little groan, you just take me a little deeper into your throat.

We hear another knock on the door, but we are both way to consumed in the moment to do anything about it. You wrap your hand around me, and squeeze me tight - stroking me like just how I like it. Looking up at me, eyes locked, you smile devilishly and lick your lips and this brings me ever close to the edge. 

"Reach down and play with your clit as you suck me," I say. Your hand instinctively drops down between your legs, spreading your lips open, running little circles around your hard button.

"Want me to fuck your beautiful face?"

"Oh, yes, please," you moan from around my cock. 

You now have one hand gripping me tight, stroking me, and the other is working at your clit, spreading more of your wetness around and across your hard clit. I can see it poking out between your lips.

I am building a strong rhythm... my hands holding your face, my hips thrusting, and I begin to talk to you... 

"Does this turn you on? Sucking my cock in the bathroom of the plane... are you getting hotter? Are you going to cum again for me? Are you going to cum with me sliding in and out of your mouth?"

"Oh yes, yes, yes, you moan," my hardness still sliding in and out of your mouth. And I watch you squeeze your legs together, pushing your hand against your pussy tighter, fingers deeper inside of you and then let yourself go and cum. 

You pull your mouth away from me... and even with your breathing deep and heavy from your orgasm; you tell me that it's my turn, and that you want me to cum. You want to make me cum as hard as I made you... and you want it all in your mouth.

You pull grab my hips, running your hands around to my ass, and pull me in close to your mouth again. Using both hands, you really begin to stroke me now, all while telling me you want my hot cum, to let it all go... to shoot it into your mouth.

You know talking to me this way will make me explode – and that I will shortly be at the point of no return. I start telling you that I am going to cum... and you just stroke me harder still. Telling me to look at you, to see how you mouth is open for me, and for me to do it! And as I tell you for the last time that I am going to cum, you pull me deep into your mouth and that does it – I erupt. I shoot wave after wave into you, reaching down and clutching your head to me, holding on for dear life.

It takes a minute for the bathroom to stop spinning, and as I look down at you – you have the biggest grin I have even seen on your face. Your look is amazing, and then you top it off by licking your lips again. 

Giggling, we wash up as best we can, and put ourselves back together. After a deep kiss, and a deeper hug, we take a deep breath and open the door back into the main cabin.

All is quiet and dark. As we step out, the flight attendant that handed us the blanket appears out of no-where, and with a big smile asks if everything was "ok." We nod yes, and she apologizes for knocking. She hopes she didn't disturb us – she only wanted to know if we needed a helping hand! Maybe next time, we say and make our way back to our seats...

What a vacation it turned out to be.