 Gary and Michelle arrived home. Gary had arranged a fine dinner for their 20th wedding anniversary and Michelle rewarded him with a sneak attack blowjob on the way home. They were in fine spirits as they entered the door. "Michelle, dear, please make yourself comfortable in the living room. There is a special CD in the player and all you have to do is press play. I have other arrangements to make in the bedroom." With that Gary went to the bedroom and shut the door.

"Well! How rude," Michelle said to herself with a chuckle. She was curious, but knowing Gary as she did, she did not want to ruin the surprise. All through the courtship and marriage, Gary was always surprising her. His favorite was to give her a greeting card for no reason. Normally the card was suggestive. Sometimes it was funny. He would even sometimes send naughty ecards to her via email. Lately, he had started to put an erotic story in the card. He most recently he surprised her by writing his own erotic story. For an extremely left-brained person, Gary has a surprisingly wicked right-side of his brain. 

Michelle kicked off her shoes, settled herself on the sofa, and pressed play on the CD player's remote. Soft, NewAge jazz quietly flowed from the speakers followed by a sultry woman's voice. She explained the CD contained erotic stories. "This is a new twist. Will he ever fail to surprise me? I hope not," Michelle said to her self as she lifted her feet onto the couch, closed her eyes, and listened to the stories. Not as graphic as some of the paper stories Gary gave her, these left much more for the listener to fill in. 

She really enjoyed a story about a woman who wanted to surprise her husband. She talked to a friend about it and the friend suggested taking control. By control she meant tying her husband up. So the heroine of the story when shopping and bought a black satin corset and silk cords and then one night she surprised him by slipping into the corset, tying him up and teasing him unmercifully. Michelle took special note of what the woman in the story did to her husband and thought that this would be a great way to surprise Gary. She would have to plan carefully because he was not easy to surprise. Another story started however, Michelle has started her planning. 

Michelle was totally enveloped in her own thought she was totally surprised when the CD suddenly ended. Gary, who was dressed only in a towel, stood by the stereo. "I have a bath run for us at the perfect temperature. The slight flickers of numerous candles are casting a golden glow over our tub. There is a CD player waiting so we both can listen. If a marvelous dinner and a luxurious bath was not enough, you husband has a small gift waiting for you after your bath."

"You leave a girl no choice. But, I will only accompany you if you remove the towel," Michelle negotiated.

"Oh, I see how you want to play. Well, how about I raise your offer by suggesting that we both travel to the bath naked as the day we arrived," Gary countered.

"Done! But, let's close the drapes first. I think the neighbors have seen enough of us, if you get my drift," Michelle agreed.

Gary moved to the drapery and drew them closed. "Damn! You still have a very fine ass," Michelle lusted as Gary turned off the lights. He returned to his wife who unpeeled the towel from around his waist. "Looks like you recovered," Michelle teased.

Gary simply smiled, looked into his bride's eyes, and offered his hands to help her from the couch. Michelle stood at the offer. They enwrapped each other in a loving embrace and kissed deeply. Gary released his lips from Michelle's and lightly kissed her eyes, then her cheeks, and finished with her nose. He then bent and kissed her neck right below her ear, sending chills down Michelle's back. 

As he seductively kissed her neck, Gary moved his hands to Michelle's ass and gave each cheek as playful squeeze. "Fresh boy!" Michelle protested. Gary responded by silently raising his hands, drawing his fingers lightly over Michelle's back, creating a torrent of tingles. He then slowly unzipped Michelle's little black dress and let it fall gracefully to the floor. "We should pick that up," Michelle whispered and she stepped out of her garment.

"Later," Gary commented before deeply kissing his wife once more. Releasing the kiss, Gary lowered himself to his knees which placed his face direct in line with Michelle's bosom. He negotiated the hooks of her lacy black bra and pulling free, he tossed it over his shoulder. He then cupped each breast in his hands, lifting them to his face. He affectionately kissed each breast, paying special attention to the cleavage between them. He then ran his tongue over the smooth and warm skin, tracing the curves of Michelle's breasts. He created a vortex around each areola and ended at each nipple. He placed the nipples in his mouth and gently sucked. He flipped her nipples with his tongue. Michelle, sighing quietly, closed her eyes, and soaked in Gary's loving touches. She ran her hands and fingers over the back of Gary's head and over his naked shoulders, lightly stroking his skin with her fingernails.

After sometime, Gary stood and once again embraced his wife. Her warm silken skin of her chest pressed bewitchingly against his. Once again, he broke the embrace and gently guided Michelle to the couch. Michelle once again was eye level with his cock, which was much more awake than when they started. She reached for it, only to be disappointed when Gary once again knelt, this time between her legs and deftly unlatched her stocking from the garters. Rolling the silky material down her left leg, he tenderly kissed down her left leg as the stocking withdrew. With the stocking removed, he smoothly retraced his tender trail up her leg ending just before her black lace panties. Moving his attention to her right leg he once again unlatched Michelle's stocking and began rolling down the material, again following the silky fabric with tender kisses. When he arrived at Michelle's ankle, he reversed course and traveled the length of her leg with the tip of his tongue. This time he did not stop. He spread Michelle's legs a little further and lovingly kissed her silk encased quim. Michelle, exhaled as the kisses registered. Using his tongue, he rubbed the silken material against her crevice and her button. Michelle emitted a soft "AH" and gently caressed Gary's head as he saturated her sheathed cleft with kisses.

Gary withdrew from between her legs. Looking deeply into Michelle's eyes he indicated she should raise her hips. He pulled her lacy black panties over her legs to the floor, following the silky garment with a string of tender kisses. Gary slow and tenderly kissed his way from Michelle's right knee up her right thigh. Michelle laid her head against the back of the couch, embraced a sofa pillow, closed her eyes, and waited for what she knew was coming, her! After an agonizing slow pace, Gary reached her neatly trimmed pussy. For the first few seconds he did nothing except lightly blow on her lips. The coolness sent shivers through her womanhood and Michelle inhaled, crushing the pillow against her erect nipples.

Gary smiled as he ran his tongue up her moist lips, from the top to bottom, although he did not touch her clit. Once again he blow gently across her lips and Michelle almost squeezed the stuffing out of the pillow. Gary spread Michelle's lips and slowly inserted his tongue into Michelle musk then slowly pushed it up and ended by flicking Michelle's clit.

"Ooo!" Michelle inhaled. Gary started to draw small and leisurely circles over Michelle's clit. "Oh yes," Michelle whispered encouragingly. Gary ran his tongue back down Michelle's sex, savoring in her earthy taste and aroma. He flattened his tongue and lapped at her lips and as sexual energy increased within her, Michelle expelled the pillow forcefully and grabbed her breasts, pinching the nipples hard. Gary licked her savory moistness, running his tongue the length of Michelle's opening several times. Up and down, he ran his very talented tongue, paying extra care around her clitoris, giving it a small kiss with each passing. When he reached the bottom, he would stick his tongue into her opening. Michelle was very aroused and it took very little to send to the edge. She soon began to arch her back. She grabbed Ted's head and pushed his face into her as wave upon wave of orgasmic power radiated through her like huge waves crashing over the beach.

The blowjob, the stories, her naked husband, her fantasy of a bath for two, and Gary's skill, not to mention the deep affection she felt for her husband aided in her dazzling sexual awakening. The pressure built faster than she could ever remember. Rarely had the carnal energy been so uncontrollable. It rose to a lustful apex and as Gary circled her clit afresh; Michelle erupted like Vesuvius. She emitted primal, almost animal-like grunts and squeals as her whole body shook. Sexual energy undulated through her body as Gary switched to his fingers and rubbed her clit in rapid succession. His ministrations cause a flow of erogenous electricity such that it overpowered Michelle. 

Finally, she reached a point where she could not stand it any more and she pushed Gary away. Stop! PLEASE STOP!" Michelle pleaded huskily and fell quivering on the sofa, breathing heavy. "Damn" was all she could say. Gary ceased his actions and sat on the floor at the feet of his quivering wife. Taking one of Michelle's tense feet, he gently rubbed and messaged it, aiding her in her recovery and at the same time allowing himself to "relax". It took quite a while for Michelle to descend from her Everest-like sexual pinnacle. 

"Are you OK?" Gary inquired.

"I think so. But I think I need a couple of more minutes before I can walk," Michelle replied.

"That's OK. I need to check the temperature of the bath anyway. Relax and breathe, while I go check on things. Here, I forgot to give you this before." Gary opened an envelope, pulled out a sheet of paper, handed it to Michelle, and walked to the bath. 

Michelle unfolded the paper and read:

Michelle.

As a trip down memory (or is it mammary?) lane. By now you or in a very short time will realize that the CD you are listening to are erotic stories. The thought of you on the couch listening to naughty tales bring back a picture of that evening so long ago when we were watching an "Instructional" video (yes a video tape) on this very sofa. I do not know what happened but that tape hit home and we were extremely turned-on. Do you remember that night? I can still remember the neighbor's embarrassed look the next morning when I retrieved the paper. She must have heard you screams of passion because they were full and numerous.

Well, I hope these stories bring other fun memories back. BTW, there are other surprises awaiting you this evening.

Love,

Gary

Gary returned. "All set up. Can you move?" Gary asked. 

Michelle simply rose and kissed her husband in such a way that porn stars would blush. "Yes, I do remember that night and too bad Mrs. Wilson moved last week. We could have seen her blush again after my new experience on this very couch. So, what's next my love?"

"Let me get the CD and then we can move to the bath," Gary answered.

Together, naked, and hand in hand, Michelle and Gary walked to the bath he had set up.