 Chapter 1: Sneak Attack

The host seated Michelle and Gary at an out of the way table. When he made the reservations, months ago, Gary made sure that they would be as secluded as possible. He wanted a private table, not because he had anything naughty planned, after 20 years of marriage they were beyond the quickie in the restaurant, that was old hat. Gary wanted to the evening to be very special with have lots of private time, undisturbed by cell phones or loud conversations. After all, you do not celebrate a 20th wedding anniversary every day. 

"Wow! Look at this place. It is fabulous," Michelle said to Gary.

"Yes it is. It was rated the best in town and I had to make reservation six months in advance to get such as great table," he replied with a boastful smile.

"Hello -- My name is Mo and I will be your server." Gary and Michelle looked up at a youthful, freckled face framed with bright red hair and a top a svelte frame. "Mr. and Mrs. Horne, the chef has been informed you have been seated. Lubo wanted me to tell you that he will be preparing the meal himself and has taken the liberty of selecting the wine. I will be back shortly with the wine and some bread."

"Oh My! I am duly impressed. You have certainly thought of everything. So what are we having?" she asked.

"If I tell you it would ruin the surprise," he replied. Mo soon returned with a plate of fresh-baked bread, dish of herbed olive oil, and a bottle of wine. She opened it, offered the cork to Gary, who approved. As she filled their glasses, Mo informed them their salads will be out shortly.

"I want this evening to be memorable. You have had to put up with me for more than 20 years and I through I could start to thank you with dinner at the best restaurant in the area."

"I have to admit that at times it was tough. You are lucky you have such a fine ass and are a great lover or I would not have put up with it," Michelle responded, sarcasm dripping heavily from her words.

"Rumor has it that it was my butt that caught your attention on the first day of orientation all those years ago? I have to admit, you cut a fine figure yourself, even if you were naïve."

"I thought you liked dumb women," she replied sipping her wine for effect.

"Innocent, my darling ... not dumb. Dumb women are high maintenance. And you, love, are nowhere near dumb. Here's to the last 20 years and for 20 more." They clinked glasses.

"And yes it was your butt in those black slacks that caught my attention. It if wasn't for that fine ass and your cooking skills, I would have serious doubts in the first weeks we were dating. You were such a jerk then."

"Not a jerk. Confident!"

"Oh! So that is what you called it."

"That's my story and I am sticking to it. So, if you had your doubts, why did you invite me over for dinner that Friday? It could not have been just my ass and you could not have known of my loving skills at that time. That first week was very busy and I doubt you had time to know the real me. So what prompted you to invite me over?" Gary inquired.

"Just your ass and that is MY story and I am sticking to it," Michelle parried with a twinkle in her eye. "However, my suspicions were confirmed during the cross country season when you wore those tiny running shorts chasing your team around. Why do you think I came to the meets and watched? It was not for the school spirit, it was to watch you in those shorts! Besides, the jerky first impression had worn off by that time."

"OK you win! I had a fine butt," Gary conceded. "I never noticed mainly because I concentrated on your ... um ... curves; which, I must say, have grown better and more appealing over the years. I am glad you got to know the real me."

The conversation paused as Mo arrived with their salads. A simple wilted spinach salad with a warm apple cider vingerette dressing.

Gary reached into his pocket and pulled out an envelope. "Do you remember this?" he asked as he withdrew a picture.

"Oh my, where did you find this? Was this was the hurricane day. I am so glad that storm moved out to sea AFTER 5:00 in the morning. I laugh every time I remember it. Judy called and informed me that school was cancelled and asked if I would call you. I simply had to nudge you. I wonder if she knew we were sleeping together at that time." Michelle said, almost as an afterthought as she looked at the picture. "My goodness, look how young we were. Your right, I did cut a fine figure!"

"As I remember, that was the shirt you wore at dinner? The memory is so vivid because that blouse showed much of one of your finest attributes. Wonder why you chose a shirt that showed so much cleavage?" Gary asked raising an eyebrow. "Not that I minded," he added.

"You know my answer," she said. "It was very fortunate that the hurricane did not come ashore on a Friday. We got to go away for the weekend. Our first trip together. Oh God! Remember the Bates Motel and that squeaky bed. Who would guess that it was parents weekend at Gettysburg College and there was no room at the good inns."

"Oh how I remember. We had to move the mattress to the floor to keep from disturbing the neighbors. BUT, what a workout that mattress got! Oh to be 23 again AND know what I know now," Gary said in fake anguish.

"You do plenty well for yourself, dearest," Michelle said with a wink and a proud smile.

Mo and another server arrived with their main course, braised lamb chops, garlic mashed potatoes, and steamed asparagus for Michelle, Veal Scaloppini over angle hair pasta and asparagus for Gary. Mo topped off their wine glasses, checked on things, removed empty plates, and left.

"Wow, she is efficient. I hope you also plan on giving her a bit tip," Michelle remarked.

"Yes, I already did. I actually paid upfront for the meal and added a generous tip. I also asked for the best waiter this evening. Nothing but the best for you. Why Michelle, I believe you are blushing," Gary challenged.

After Mo served them cheesecake and coffee for desert, Gary surprised Michelle when he asked, "Do you remember the first time we made love?" 

"Honestly, no. However, I do remember that sneak attack blowjob early in our courtship. As I remember, we were in my bedroom on a Saturday after a meet and you asked what I wanted to do. I pulled down your running short, as I remember they required no underwear, and licked away. I especially remember the stunned look on your face and I put your cock in my mouth."

"That was not as surprising as when you swallowed everything when I came. I knew you were the one for me after that evening. Did we screw afterward?" Gary asked

"You know I really do not remember. But, swallowing was something I reserved for only the most specialest people," Michelle replied.

"I am honored," Gary said raising his coffee cup. Regretfully, their time ended at the restaurant, where they spent over three hours. The walked hand in hand to their truck and Gary help Michelle in. They were silent for a while, lost in their own thought. The piano nocturnes from the radio added a romantic presence to the cab. As they entered the interstate, Michelle finally broke the silence. "You know what I miss about you working from home. I miss the Christmas parties. Not only did they give me chances to play dress up, but we got to stay in a fine hotel and love each other until dawn!" Remember that one party where you were award the trip for two to the resort? As I remember, we snuck to the room where I again pulled your pants down and gave you my own special reward."

"Why, yes, I do remember that evening. I would like to go on the record as noting the measured advancement in your skills from the first sneak attack," Gary returned with significant pride in his voice.

"I also remember another Christmas party. You have to remember this one. It was not at a hotel but on the riverboat. On the way home, on this very stretch of highway, I once again sneaked a quick attack," Michelle mused as she unlatched her seatbelt, laid across the bench seat, and unzipped Gary's pants. She pulled his semi-hard member out and gave the tip a gentle kiss.

"Yes I do remember that night. As I also remember ... oh ..." 

Michelle had taken Gary's manhood in her hand, she delicately swirled her tongue over the tip several times. She slowly pushed Gary between her lips, creating light pressure on the darkening skin. As she fully engulfed the head and stopped, keeping the helmet in delicate suspended animation as she swirled her tongue around the sensitive apex. Michelle loved to feel Gary grow in her mouth as she teased and tickled. Gingerly pulling Gary's member through her lips, she removed it from its dock. She again gently pushed Gary's head through her lips and again pressing her lips against the sensitive skin. She immediately withdrew Gary's stem, this time she skimmed her teeth, almost imperceptible, across the skin of Gary's cock. Michelle repeated this maneuver repeatedly, sometimes with a swirl, other times with a graze. It took all of Gary's concentration to keep from running the truck off the road. 

Michelle could see the lights of cars as they passed them. Gary was quite hard now. She delicately ran the tip of her tongue slowly down the soft underside of Gary's manhood, from tip to as low as she could go. She ran her tongue back up where she gave the tip a sweet, loving kiss. She then proceeded again to slip the happy stick between her lips only to removed the shaft and run her tongue down the underside. Again Michelle reversed her action, running the tip of her tongue from the base to the tip and the engulfed the entire stick. This was all done in slow motion as Gary moaned and concentrated on keeping the truck on the road. However, it became more and more difficult. 

Michelle dear, can you ... oh ... give me a minute. I think ... ahhh ... I need to park the truck before I wreck it. She stopped, but continued to gently stroke his cock with her hand as Gary pulled off the highway and parked the truck in a dark parking lot. Michelle removed Gary's pants to gain better access and resumed. Now that they were stopped she could really played it up, so with masterful slowness she swallowed him then pulled back all the way to the tip. She licked the soft underside of his shaft, slowly from balls to tip. She made sure that there was lots of slurping sounds. She licked the straining member like an ice cream cone. In and out, up and down she worked her magic until Gary was just on the verge of erupting. 

Michelle would not do any one thing for long. She would lick the underside of his penis, and then flick the tip again with her fingernails, only to lick Gary again. As she pumped his shaft, Gary's moved his hips involuntary. He thought he would explode but Michelle prevented it. Each time he thought he would come, Michelle would deny him release. Gary was in both heaven and hell. 

If there is an advantage to being 20 years older, it is experience. Over the years, Michelle had learned a trick or two. This evening she used most of them as she. However, one of her more celebrated accomplishments was her ability to deep throat Gary. As a young wife, she was did not know how and was hesitant to learn, fearing her gag reflexes. However, over the years she relaxed and learned, became quite mastered at it. It became her ace-in-the-hole, so to speak. She used it infrequently and only for special occasions, such as now. Michelle slowly pushed the rock hard cock into her mouth, guiding it with the flat of her tongue. Slowly it pushed over her tongue to the back of her throat. She removed it only to slowly push Gary's cock back into her mouth, once again passed her tongue and into the back of her throat, pressing it a little further in and pausing a little longer. She removed it once more and then pushed the cock deeper into her throat, pausing longer with the tip against the back of her throat. She repeated that movement, each time the head journeyed further down her throat until at last she could feel well Gary's groomed hairs against her lips. She slowly removed it and then pushed the head all the way in once again. Gary could stand no more and erupted in her mouth. He pulsed numerous times and sent several great loads cascading down Michelle's throat on each pulse. She barely could handle it but managed to swallow the lot. 

When he finished, she teased him some more by tickling the head of his cock. This drove him further to distraction, sent shivers down his spine, and made him utterly helpless. Finally Michelle, release her spell and Gary slumped into the seat. Michelle smiled and said, "I am glad we took the truck that would have been much more difficult in the Volvo! I would offer to drive but there is only one stick I can shift."

Gary only laughed!