 It was a dark and dreary night in late October. Most of the leaves we're off the trees and the air had a damp smell.

As we drove up to our cabin in the Catskills, I thought about this weekend and the wonderous event that was going to take place.

I had told Terry that this was our special anniversary weekend for us and I just wanted time alone with her and to please her. She was all excited and said she was looking forward to it and gave me a kiss.

I kept thinking that my wife of ten years was going to get the biggest surprise of her life and all of our friends will be there to partake in it.

Now, let me go back a couple of months so you will know what I am talking about...

My name is Richard and my wife's name is Terry. 

We had a Fourth of July 4th bar-b-que/party for six of our friends at our house. The party started around noon and went well into the early morning.

Food and drink we're plentiful and everyone was enjoying themselves when one of the female guests, Donna, decided to remove her clothes and jumped into the pool. In a short time, others joined her in the pool, naked as well.

Now, Terry is not a prude by any means and has always been on the wild side. She has, with my ok, fucked a couple of my friends. 

At the party, she enjoyed the frivolity that ensued. In fact, she was encouraging it.

As our friends partied, Terry dropped her clothes and joined them. 

I was a little surprised by Terry's action and enjoyed watching her playing around in the nude.

Terry is thirty-five, 5'7", 125, jet black hair that is curly and long. She has awesome green eyes, 38C tits and big nipples and a clean shaven pussy. Her ass is nice and inviting and not a stranger to a cock. Her sexy smile could light up any room.

I noticed some of the couples enjoying some intimate moments with their partners by the pool and watched as Terry observed them.

I had already removed my clothes and my cock was reaching for the sky when Terry came over to me and knelt down between my legs and started giving me a blow job 

Now, I was not going to push her away but I was pleasantly surprised by her actions as Terry never was into public sex.

It didn't take long before I shot my cum in her mouth and watched some of it dribble down onto her breasts.

After I came, Terry looked up and smiled and gave me a wink and got up.

By this time, it seemed like each couple was in some stage of fucking. Couples were even sharing their wives with others.

Our party became a full blown orgy and Terry and I were loving it.

The party seemed to quiet down around 3:00 a.m. when all the guests left.

Terry and I decided to clean up in the morning and headed off to bed.

In bed I asked Terry if she had a good time and she acknowledged that she did. We kissed and fell asleep in each other's arms, naked.

The next morning, we cleaned up and got everything back to normal.

Our phone rang off the hook the whole morning from our guests thanking us for a great time.

Later in the day, as I relaxed by the pool, I thought that it would be great if I could get Terry fucked by the three male friends who were at the party as a surprise for her.

I started making calls to my friends and each one said they would discuss the proposal with their wives.

I told them I wanted to do it at our cabin in the Catskills where nobody would bother us.

One by one my friends called me and said that their wives said ok but that the women wanted to have sex with Terry as well.

I told them that I would get back to them as I wasn't sure if Terry would play with a woman and I would have to feel her out about it and get back to them.

Over the next couple of weeks, I tried to get Terry in a situation with another woman but it wasn't easy.

Then one day at work, my assistant, a young woman named Carol, got to talking about sex. She had no embarrassment about telling me she was bi.

I invited her to lunch as I wanted to discuss a proposition with her. 

At lunch, I showed Carol a picture of Terry in a bikini. I could see her eyes get bigger as she gazed at the picture.

I asked Carol if she would like to seduce my wife and she quickly said yes.

I told her that, as far as I knew, Terry had never been with a woman and Carol would be her first and asked if she wanted to give it a try. Carol quickly agreed.

I went home and asked Terry if it would be ok if Carol could stay over the weekend as her apartment is being renovated. Terry said she could.

The next day I told Carol that she would be staying with us over the weekend.

Saturday morning came and Carol showed up with a little bag and a big smile.

I showed her where her room was and told her to join us by the pool when she was ready.

After a half hour or so, Carol joined us by the pool and was wearing a very sexy black thong bikini.

Terry welcomed Carol and told her she looked gorgeous and told her to sit on the lounge, next to her.

Carol is 22, 5'6", 110 pounds, red hair, blue eyes and nice sized tits and a very inviting ass.

In a short time, Carol and Terry seemed like they really hit it off and chatted away most of the day.

I made an excuse to leave and told them I would be back in a couple of hours.

About three hours later, I returned home and went to the pool but found nobody. I then walked quietly through the house and heard some noises coming from Carol's room.

I tip toed to the room and peeked through the crack of the door opening only to see my wife on the bed, her legs spread wide and Carol eating my wife.

I quietly left and returned an hour later.

This time I made some noise but the two were back again at the pool, but this time they were both naked.

As I entered the pool area and saw them nude, I apologized and was about to leave when both of them told me to stay.

Carol was even more beautiful naked. Her pussy had a landing strip that was as red as her hair.

Carol told me to get undressed and to join them.

I didn't waste any time and removed my clothes. My cock was already hard but I didn't care. I laid down on the lounge next to Terry.

Terry asked if I took care of everything that I went out for and I said yes. I asked how their afternoon went and Carol said they had a chance to get to know each other better.

The rest of the day was uneventful and after dinner, we all relaxed nude by the pool, enjoying some drinks.

I drifted off to a semi sleep and thought I was dreaming when I felt my cock rising and it feeling moist. 

I opened my eyes and saw Terry sucking my cock with Carol watching.

Terry called Carol over and told her to suck my cock and she wasted no time in getting my cock in her mouth.

It didn't take me long before I told them I was going to cum.

Terry joined Carol and both were sucking my cock as I shot stream after stream of cum in the air.

They both started lapping up my cum and then they did it, Carol and Terry kissed, sharing my cum. God, it was beautiful to see.

That night and all the next day, the three of us shared each other and the question of Terry playing with another woman was answered.

Before Carol left, I invited her to the anniversary party. I told her what was now going to happen and I would love for her to join us.

Carol said she would love to be there and accepted my invite.

When I had the chance, I called my friends and told them that their wives can come too as the question of Terry playing with a woman was answered.

This was finally our anniversary weekend. My friends were already at the cabin and all arrangements were set. All the food and drink were there for the festivities. Ted had set up a couple of video cameras to record the weekend activities.

The cabin has four bedrooms, a hot tub, a large family room and all the amenities one could want, including a shower that can accommodate four people.

The cabin was dark as we approached. We parked the car, got out and headed up to the front door.

As we unlocked the door, all seven people yelled out "Happy Anniversary" as they turned the lights on.

It was then that Terry noticed that all seven were nude. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Carol and immediately went over to her and kissed her.

Terry introduced Carol to the others as her new friend.

Terry turned to me and had that look on her face. I told her that this weekend was all about pleasing her. I told her that all our friends wanted to share their love for her and with her.

Terry smiled and thanked everyone for coming. She went over and kissed Donna and her husband Steve; then Diane and her husband Ted and lastly, Carmen and her husband Rico.

Terry excused herself and brought her bags to our bedroom. In a short time she came out, nude.

I announced that the party is now underway and everyone cheered.

I made some drinks and as our friends enjoyed themselves, I went and got naked and returned to the party.

Terry went over to Carol and gave her a big kiss and I could see their tongues playing together. 

I knew then that this weekend was going to be great.

Everyone was relaxing and talking when I went over to Terry. I pulled her towards him and gave her a kiss. My cock pressing against her stomach. My hands roaming freely over her nakedness.

I told Terry to get on all fours on the rug. As she did, Carol slipped underneath her, their faces together.

I got behind Terry and started inserting my cock in my wife's cunt and soon it was fully seated in her.

Carol and Terry were kissing and rubbing their pussies together as I was fucking Terry. Their tits pressed against each other's 

I told Terry I was ready to cum and when I did, I shot a stream of cum in my wife and quickly pulled my cock out and finished cumming on Carol.

After I finished cummng, I rolled over and left Terry.

Steve then went over and laid down along side Terry and started playing with her. As he was playing with my wife, Ted and Rico joined him.

Carol had gotten up and now Terry was alone in the center of the family room on the plush rug, with three men all over her. All eyes were on the four of them 

Ted was sucking on one of her nipples while Steve was sucking on the other. Rico went south and spread her legs so he could eat her out.

My wife was being serviced by three men and loving it.

One by one, each guy mounted Terry and fucked her until each one shot their cum loads in my wife's cunt.

When they finished with her, cum was pouring out of her cunt and then it happened.

All three women went over to Terry and each one started sucking the cum out of her cunt. All three sucked on her nipples and rubbed their pussies against hers.

I could hear Terry moaning in pleasure as her body was quivering as she was ready to orgasm.

Terry gave out a yell and her body convulsed as she had one orgasm after another until she was completely spent.

For the rest of the night, Terry must have been fucked by each guy at least two more times and the women enjoyed her as well throughout the night.

The next morning, the sexual assault on Terry continued. Every person had their way with Terry, including myself.

Terry enjoyed every minute at the cabin and thanked me for the weekend.

Before we left the cabin, Terry had sex again with each person.

On the way home, Terry played with my cock and even gave me a blow job as I was driving.

Terry was holding the sex tapes tightly in her hands and said she can't wait to see them.

There was two things she asked me as we drove home.

She asked when Carol would be staying over again. I looked at her and told her whenever and we laughed.