 Michelle was stunned at the number of candles around the tub. There must have been 20 or more of various shapes and sizes. They created a golden glow in the room and off the fluffy bubbles in the bath. After helping her settle in the perfectly temperature bubble bath, he inserted the CD in the player and started the stories. He then settled himself behind his wife. The both leaned back and sunk decadently into the warm bubbles.

"I am so glad we had this tub made," Michelle sighed dreamily. Gary and Michelle remodeled their house a couple of years ago and effectively designed the addition around a custom-built bathtub. It was slightly more than six feet in length, four feet wide and 18 inches deep. It was the most decadent thing they own. Nevertheless, the amount of fun they had in the tub made the expense worth it. Moreover, Michelle was known to soak, reading a book, for a couple of hours on cold winter nights and even Gary would take advantage of it expanse after a long hard workout or working around the house. The tub was large enough for two to soak comfortably, which the couple did often.

The lovers relaxed in the warm water, letting the bubbles envelope them like scented clouds. Neither spoke for a long while. Michelle snuggled against Gary while his arms encase her. They floated in each other's presence, basking in the long and deep love the paramours had for one another. Although the CD was on and the stories played, neither Gary nor Michelle heard them. 

Michelle stirred first. "Have you ever considered the importance of water in our lives? Consider this tub. We practically designed the house around it. We wanted a tub where we could do just this," indicating the bathing together

"I guess I never realized how erotic water was to us," Gary mused. "Remember our honeymoon and the whirlpool at the spa? I think we spent more than 15 minutes in the pool because they had to ask us to leave. As I remember correctly, you said it was a unique feeling to have your legs in hot water and your tits smashed on cold tile as I took you from behind."

"It was quite a good feeling and so was being half in the water," Michelle said suggestively. "As I remember I did not even have to help you get up. The bubbles from the jets did that for me."

As they spoke Gary gently swished the warm water around Michelle's breasts, creating smooth warm eddies around her nipples. "I was in a good spot," Gary chucked. "Jeeze, remember the pool at the hotel in Key West? I remember sitting in the corner near the jets when you swam over and started to rub my cock. Good thing the drawstring was loose; it made it easy for you to slip my suite down and climbed on. We must have screwed in that dark corner for a good half hour. Good thing bubble hid everything because by the time we finished the happy hour on the balcony above us was over. I swear my love, water makes you bold."

"Yes it does," Michelle said confidently. "And what about you; that time when we were house sitting for your brother. I kind of remember you sneaking up on me nude during that midnight swim. Too bad the storm came through."

"Yes, too bad. I had such plans too, involving their floating lounge" Gary replied, and they settled back into blissful quiet. The stories had ended but they did not care. They were in their favorite place in the world. After another couple of minutes Gary reached for a cup they kept by the tub. He pushed the bubble to the side and filled the cup with the warm water. He then gently poured the warm water over Michelle's head. He repeated the several more times in a sensual ritual. Sitting them both up in the tub, Gary squeezed a small amount of Michelle's shampoo into his hand and gently massaged the lotion into her hair. Using just his fingers, Gary gently rubbed and kneaded Michelle's scalp who adored getting her hair washed. It was very relaxing and she had on occasion almost dosed off while when her stylist washer her hair. However, when Gary washed her hair, it not only relaxed her, it also excited her. Michelle could not tell if it was just the normal water play or that and her motor was still running from the activity on the couch but there was an extra sensualness this time. Michelle's musings were interrupted when Gary rinsed the shampoo from her hair in a cascade of warm water. 

Gary reached for a bottle of creamy body wash. After playfully squirting a liberal amount of the shimmering gel into his hand, he started to wash Michelle's back. Using only his hands he washed, massaged, relaxed, and titillated, all at the same time. The liquid allowed Gary's hands to glide over Michelle's back, arms, and shoulders. Gary ensured that all the exposed skin was well cleansed. Michelle purred as warm water tumbled over her skin. Gary then caressed her exposed skin until he was sure all the body wash had been removed. 

Pulling her gently to him, Gary and Michelle laid back in the water with Michelle once again leaning against Gary's chest. He refilled his hand with the wash and then rubbed them together, creating a thick lather. He placed his hands on her breasts and softly rubbed his hands over her breast and neck, ensuring both breast were completely covered in rich lather. Clutching the bottle of wash in his soapy hands, he splashed a generous of the creamy, white gel suggestively onto Michelle's breasts. "Oops, looks like you have white stuff on your tits," Gary said playfully as he vigorously yet gently rubbed the wash over her skin.

"Why, look. I do have white stuff on me. You've never done THAT before," Michelle satirically replied. 

Starting slowly and using the soap as a lubricant, Gary massaged Michelle's chest. Holding a breast in each hand, he rubbed and squeezed, rolling the palm of his hands over her nipples. Michelle closed her eyes and enjoyed Gary's attention. He massaged first her right breast then her left with both hands, making sure both had equal consideration. Michelle released a sensual and involuntary sigh. Continuing to massage Michelle's tits, Gary paid increasing attention to her nipples. Rubbing them between his fingers, he slowly and measurable increased the pressure with each pinch and roll. He could feel Michelle press harder against him as she unconsciously raised and lowered her hips. Michelle was also moaning and gasping more frequently.

"Michelle, dearest, would you mind reaching for that box there and opening it?" Gary asked. Michelle did as she asked and found her favorite dildo and small rubber octopus in the box. "What in the world is this?" Michelle asked as she raised the octopus.

"Big Blue is for you if you want and I think you know how to use that. The octopus is for me," Gary explained as he strongly pinched Michelle's nipples. He took the little toy from his wife pressed the top of its head, which produced a buzzing sound. He then placed the silicon mollusk on her very excited and sensitive nipple. 

"Oh My!" Michelle gasped and he rolled the vibrator around one nipple while strongly pinching the other soapy nipple. Michelle pressed harder against Gary's chest and the sensations created by the toy and Gary's pinches sent sexual energy radiating throughout her body. She felt that special tingle between her legs. Gary disengaged the octopus from her breast and placed it on her clit. The vibrations created an uncontrollable urge within Michelle and she had to have something in her to fulfill it. Thoughtfully Gary had supplied the solution. Gary watched as Michelle slowly pushed the dildo fully into her pussy and then removed it. He watched as it went in and out. He imagined how the dildo spread Michelle's lips as she hungrily pushed it in then unwillingly slid it back out. He heard the soft gasps as Michelle made love to herself while Gary electrified her clit. 

As Michelle's second orgasm of the evening built, her pace became more and more rapid and her actions more wild. As her pace became faster and more frenzied, Gary found it more difficult to hold the vibrator in place. But, with superlover control, he accomplished it. He did have to release Michelle's nipple and wrap his arm around her to gain some control. All the while, Michelle breathing became more rapid and forceful.

Then it happened, her orgasm. "I'm Cumming! YES! YES! YES!" It was so intense that Michelle lost control. She bucked like a wild bronco, splashing water out of the tub and extinguishing several candles. Gary tried as he might but he could not keep the vibrator on Michelle, her thrashing were too passionate. He discarded the small toy and wrapped both arm around his wife. Her orgasm continued for a several more minutes. Michelle shook intensely, grunting and moaning with each wave. She finally collapsed into the tub, a quivering mass of very satisfied flesh.

Gary continued to hold her tightly as she continued to shake and shiver. He stroked her hair, letting her passion subside. Once she regained moderate control, he rinsed the remaining soap from her with the now cooling water. Michelle rolled over and laid her head on Gary's chest. They lay in the bath, with Gary's arms wrapped around her until the water had compactly cooled. 

"Show we go to the bedroom?" Michelle asked. 

"Yes, I think we should," Gary replied. They let the water out of the tub, dried each other, cleaned the toys, and blew out the candles. Naked and VERY clean, they went into the bedroom.