 A follow up to my 1st story, read that one first if you would like, though it is not strictly necessary. Hope you enjoy! :)

Opening my eyes to a dark hotel room, it takes a moment or two to get my bearings... Where am I? Who is this lying next to me? With that 2nd thought I smile, remembering what happened last night. So many months, hell, years of chatting, phone calls, texts, webcam sex, phone sex and we finally met.

I blink a few times and rub my eyes then look over to you. Laughing to myself, so apparently you snore. My mind is still full of everything we shared before falling asleep. That first fuck... the way you woke me up and made me wait to see you, the wonderful massage then.. finally your cock entering me for the 1st time. We lay with each other for a while after that, kissing and caressing each other until you were hard again. It felt like hours and hours of kissing and exploring each other, then even more hours of fucking after that. Though, looking at the clock, 6:00 AM. I guess it hasn't been that long. Thinking that we must have only been asleep for an hour or so. Is it too soon to wake you? I am still very sleepy myself, so rather than wake you I scoot in close to you, simply enjoying the feeling of our naked bodies together. With a deep sigh, I close my eyes and smile.

The next time my eyes open, there is a bit of light in the room. The hotel curtains are dark and only let in a bit of light at the edges. I raise my head off the pillow, thinking we had slept the morning away and I see 6:45 AM. I laugh again, guess my mind is too full to sleep anymore. I get up and go to the bathroom to freshen up a bit. I run a brush through my hair, brush my teeth and splash some water on my face and then go back to the bed. I know it's still early, but I also know that we don't have much time together, and I want to make the most of every moment we do have...

With that thought I slip in beside you. You are lying on your back, with a smile I think easy access. Lying next to you I begin to caress your chest and shoulders and arms. You stir a bit and smile. I continue my exploration of your chest and stomach, suddenly you awake and take my hand in yours and direct me to your cock... I guess you don't mind being awakened. You know, it is my fantasy to feel you go from fully soft to fully hard.

I take your cock in my hand and begin to caress. I feel myself getting wet as you grow. Your eyes are still closed and you are smiling and moaning. At this moment you are mine and you are thoroughly enjoying it. I sit up and move to straddle your hips and begin to stroke your cock against my already drenched pussy, coating your cock. I am watching you and loving the look of complete pleasure on your face.

With a smile a say, "good morning babe, I hope you don't mind waking up early."

Your smile grows and your reply is, "of course not."

With that I lean over and kiss you. This is not the gentle soft kissing of last night, this a kiss full of passion and desire and longing. I moan into your mouth and writhe against your body. Your hard cock pressed between us. I pull away from the kiss and begin to kiss my way down your body. I kiss your jaw, enjoying the scruffy texture of your face. I then move to your neck, soft kisses all the way to your chest. I spend some time kissing your chest and nipples, then moving down further. I want to taste every inch of you. I work my way down kissing your stomach and down one of your thighs. My hands are following my mouth, caressing your body. I move to your other thigh and work my way back up to your crotch. I am now kissing all around your hard cock. Feeling the soft skin on my cheek and trying to suppress and goofy grin. I am having such a good time kissing you, hoping that you are enjoying as much as I am.

Finally I kiss my way up your shaft to your tip, already leaking precum. You taste so good! With a deep breath I take your cock in my mouth...

Mmmm, I have been wanting to do this for so long. I hear you gasp and moan, knowing that you have been waiting and wanting this. I now know that you are enjoying this. I suck your tip for a bit, flicking at your slit with my tongue, my lips tighten around your shaft just below the tip, my hands are stroking your shaft and caressing your balls.

Slowly I guide your cock deeper inside my mouth. I press my tongue against you as I devour your cock and moan and gag as you hit the back of my throat... I let you slip out with a "oh yes!" then take you back in my mouth... your hands go to my head and you press me onto you cock, mmm. You take control at this point, fucking my face.

This is incredible, and even as you are pulling my head on and off your cock a small part of my mind can't believe this is actually happening. That thought goes away with a particularly deep thrust from you. I gag and come up for air. Our eyes meet and with a near grunt you say "I'm going to fuck you!"

Before I know it I am laying on my back and watching your cock disappear in my hot wet pussy. This better than last night. There is more light in the room and the look of intense desire and pure lust on your face is clear and easy to see. It is driving crazy, I think I could cum if I stared in those eyes for long enough. Before I know it you are pounding my pussy. I am rising hips to your thrusts and squeezing your cock with my pussy. "Oh fuck yes!!"

You are fucking me hard now, our moans getting louder and louder. The sounds of our fucking are filling the room. The wet sound of your cock sliding in and out of my tight pussy, our bodies slapping together, our moans and yells... We are lost in each other at this point.

I am rising into your thrusts, and rocking a bit, slide to side. I am so close to orgasm... Its taking everything I have not to cum. I want to hold back, I don't want to cum until I feel your squirt inside me. Hearing your moans and breathing I know you are close. I wrap my legs around your hips and look deep in your eyes, "Cum for me baby, I want you to explode inside me."

I hear you yell, "Oh fuck, now!" and you thrust inside me hard and deep. I feel your cock twitch and that pushes me over the edge. 

"Oh god yes!" I yell loudly and moan as my pussy clamps tight in orgasm around your cock still squirting inside me...

Our mutual orgasm seems to last and last, with a very deep breath you collapse on top of me. Your cum dripping around your cock, still inside me. I revel in your weight on top of me, our breath slowing, our bodies, slick with sweat pressed close. I smile as I hear you voice my thought, a soft whisper in my ear "this is perfect."

You lift off me and your cock slips out as you look down at me. Our eyes lock, both of us smile and nearly at the same time we say, "good morning."

I stretch a bit then look at the clock again, 8AM. I big smile crosses my face, we still have all day together...