 Let me tell you, there's nothing like youth to invigorate an older man. As I walked down the beach next to this Costa Rican model, I felt I was twenty-something again. Nothing jiggled on this beauty...the tiny bikini she had on looked magnificent. Actually, it was a cross between a tiny bikini and a thong, with a more than half of each perfectly sculpted tan ass cheek there for everyone to admire.

The four of us made small talk, and twenty minutes later made our way up to Gregorio's pool deck. As Carlos got his bearings and flew solo, I decided it was high time I get to work on Annmarie. We ordered our drinks and sat down in the shade and picked up our conversation right where we left off.

Morning turned to afternoon, and my magic seemed to be working. After the fifth drink, I was able to successfully steer the conversation towards sex. Past boyfriends, current boyfriends, virginity lost at such and such an age, etc. etc.

Annmarie alleged that despite a slew of admirers, she hadn't had a boyfriend in a year.

"You see, there's no way I, as a man, can understand that," I said.

"Why?"

"After having had sex, which I assume was enjoyable to you, how can you go a year without it?"

"Well, I'm not saying I don't get the urge every now and then, and when I do, I use my vibrator."

W O W!!! Now this was a girl who took matters into her own hands!

"Equally as satisfying as the real thing?" I asked.

"As you Americans say, there's nothing like the real thing, but what's a girl to do?"

"Well, we'll just have to work on that," I said.

And at that split second, who appears before me but Raquel and Nina, the girls from the golf club!

I stood up for the customary hug and kiss, and introduced Annmarie as I invited the girls to sit with us.

Their appearance coincided perfectly with lunch, and all four of us enjoyed great burgers and home made chips as Annmarie and I continued our drinking and our new guests were doing the best they could at catching up.

The girls hit it off fabulously, but I detected a bit of jealously from Annmarie, who excused herself to go freshen up, and when she returned dove in the pool.

Meanwhile, I was getting interviewed by Raquel and Nina. Why hadn't I returned to the club, had I already "slept" with Annmarie, had I behaved myself, etc. etc?

Long story short, at around fourish, after Annmarie had taken a long dip in the pool and dried off, Nina asked to borrow a swimsuit so she could take a dip too, so the two of the excused themselves and made their way into the house and upstairs.

"This is finally going to get interesting," said Raquel.

"Oh? How so?" I asked.

"Give them ten minutes and then I'll take you to see."

My curiosity was peaked, but I slammed my umpteenth drink down, and then went inside with Raquel guiding me by the hand.

We ascended the stairs sneakily, and then went directly to the sixth door on the right, which was actually a bathroom. Raquel signaled for me to be quiet as we went in and closed and locked the door behind us.

I didn't have the slightest idea what was going to happen, but I couldn't wait.

We then practically tip toed to another door on the side of the bathroom, which I assume led to a bedroom. As Raquel twisted the doorknob, she found it to be locked. Her shoulders slumped momentarily, but then she looked five feet away and saw the other door...which I assume led to another bedroom on the other side of the bathroom. She turned the knob slowly, and VOILA, it was unlocked. How in the hell Raquel knew where she was is beyond me. Regardless, she opened the door just a slither.

I positioned myself behind her, and peered in.

Annmarie and Nina were talking up a storm. Nina was on the bed in her little shorts and t-shirt and Annmarie was rifling through her luggage looking for what I assume was a swimsuit.

As this was going on, they were chatting, unfortunately, in Spanish.

Annmarie would take different suits out and show them to Nina, who would say, basically, "nice, but keep looking".

Finally, Annmarie pulled one out that apparently satisfied Nina, so Nina got up, shed ALL her clothes and tried the bottom on, but it was too tight.

With the little Spanish I know, I think she said, "Here, let me look."

And with that Nina started wading through Annmarie's luggage.

Honestly, I think my wife has four swimsuits, tops. I guess with Annmarie modeling, ten or fifteen was more her number. 

Annmarie hit the bed as Nina continued her rifling (naked), matching tops with bottoms, and so on and as she lifted one bikini top, along came a pink jelly dildo.

She feigned shock as she pulled it loose from the bikini and turned towards Annmarie, who at first turned beet red, but then shrugged hers shoulders and didn't seem to care.

Nina meanwhile turned the knob at the bottom and it came to life. She smiled as she handled it playfully, and made her way towards the bed.

As she sat down on the bed, she brought it to her lips, then down her neck towards her delicious breasts, where she paused to enjoy the sensations that where be transmitted via each nipple.

I would have given almost anything to have known Spanish so I could understand what they were saying to each other, or at least be in a position where Raquel could translate, but it wasn't meant to be.

Annmarie had a slight grin on her face as Nina took the toy southward. When it hit her clit, she sighed inwardly, laid backwards, spread her legs even more, and then started gliding it lengthwise up and down her cunt.

The visual stimulation was making my cock stir, and although I was pressed up against Raquel's ass, I think neither of us had given it two thoughts until it got big and hard.

Meanwhile, Nina appeared to be getting more and more into it, although she wasn't penetrating herself, apparently the vibrations were doing the job. Her cunt was well lubricated, and the dildo was sliding up and down very easily. Each time the tip of the vibrating dildo touched her clit, she would bite her lower lip and moan.

The only thing that could have made the situation better was knowing Spanish. Nina and Annmarie were talking back and forth, and I was dying to know what one masturbating female could be possibly be saying to a bystander. While I was transfixed on Nina and the dildo, I caught a movement elsewhere on the bed and as I looked up, low and behold, there was Annmarie sinking her hand into the bikini bottoms she had on, while the other caressed her breasts over her bikini top.

This was too much. I had unconsciously been pressing my cock harder and harder into Raquel's behind, when all of a sudden she reached behind herself, and expertly pulled my swimsuit down and then did the same to her shorts, revealing that beautiful ass of hers.

This time I regret to say that there was absolutely no foreplay. I positioned myself at the entrance of her cunt, and she slowly impaled herself backwards. Hot, very moist and tight. Of course, this somewhat frustrated me, because I wanted to see Raquel, and also wanted to take in what was going on in the bedroom. Hell of a frustration, huh?!

By now, Annmarie had slipped her bikini top over her breasts and was really getting into it. Nina was enjoying the vibrator more and more, but then turned to Annmarie and said something, which made Annmarie get off the bed and position herself on her knees in front of Nina. Now we were getting somewhere.

However, instead of introducing the dildo into herself, Nina kept it firmly positioned on her clit while Annmarie introduced a finger into her cunt. With the finger inside her, Nina threw her head back and moaned out loud. Annmarie started moving her finger in and out of Nina's cunt, and eventually introduced another.

Meanwhile back at the ranch, I was starting to bang in and out of Raquel a little more forcefully. As I tried to reach around and get a hold of those tits of hers, I inadvertently tapped the door, and it slowly swung open. Catching the movement out of the corner of her eye, Annmarie looked over, looked a little confused, but then smiled, and kept right on going with her ministrations.

Of course, having been discovered was completely liberating. I knew Nina was no prude, so I disengaged from Raquel, which earned me a whimper, and as she straightened up and looked back over her shoulder, I said, "let's join them."

Raquel stepped out of her shorts which had bunched around her feet, and made her way indoors. Of course, Nina and Raquel were a fine tuned sex machine. As Raquel made her way indoors, she stripped off her t-shirt and bra, climbed up to the bed, and knelt down with her pussy inches away from Nina's face, all the while not breaking her gaze towards Annmarie, who was taking Nina on an incredible orgasmic roller coaster ride.

As much as I appreciated the show that was going on, I badly wanted to be a part of it, so I also stripped down and made my way towards Annmarie, and knelt behind her. I started kissing her neck, earlobes, and shoulders while I massaged those firm tits of hers. As I was doing this, she backed her ass up and was trying to grind against me, but because of the position we were both in, became uncomfortable.

When orgasm number whatever slammed through Nina, Annmarie turned and looked at me and said, "I haven't been fucked in months, will you please do me? I need it so badly."

The carpeting was thick and plush, so I decided that seeing as how the bed was currently in use, we would stick to the floor. I laid her on her back and kissed her mouth. Ahhh, what a great kisser. Plus, as we kissed, you could sense her eagerness, her need for sex, her need to be touched, squeezed and fondled.

I pulled the bikini top completely off and feasted my eyes on her succulent breasts. Again, not very big it all, but perfect looking. Maybe a 32B, but perfect size areolas and nipples. The kind that react immediately when encircled by your mouth and teased with the tongue. You know the kind; they get all crinkled and hard.

Then, finally I got to her stomach, where I continued to tease her with my tongue. As I got lower, I moved my tongue all around the boundary between her skin and the bikini bottom, and then slowly moved my mouth over her covered mound, where I mimicked eating her out. This caused her to buck upwards and groan, and earned me a, "Don't be such as tease.......please."

I planted kisses on her thighs and then made my way upwards again, and continued teasing her through her bottoms, 'till finally she moved her legs and playfully kicked me away and practically tore the bottoms off her, and then repositioned herself with her legs spread, feet firmly on the rug, and her eyes locked on mine. "Please make me cum, I neeeed it, please?"

I decided now was a good time to tease her just a little longer, and went in and slowly licked and nibbled on each engorged lip. Then, when I decided it was time to increase the heat a little, I ran the entire width and length of my tongue from her asshole to her clit, which, for the first time in my life, made her cum instantly. When my tongue reached her clit, she grabbed my head with unbelievable strength and wouldn't let me move as she bucked up and down, and had a very intense orgasm.

As she settled down a little I did it again, and she came again, except this time, I didn't move my tongue from her clit, so as she was cumming, I didn't let her "settle down", but rather continued my oral assault on her clitoris. This went on for a good three or four minutes 'till she eventually relaxed her legs, and moved away from me, completely out of air (she and I both).

She turned sideways, away from me. With her back towards me, I was able to truly appreciate that gorgeous 22-year-old ass.

I crept up behind her and hugged this beautiful specimen of a woman.

"I told you I needed to cum," she remarked.

"Yeah, you weren't kidding."

As she continued resting, the pair on the bed was becoming more and more boisterous, again though, in Spanish.

Seeing and hearing them was making me hornier by the minute, and seeing as how I hadn't cum yet, I decided it was time to give Annmarie a little loving.

I made my way to a recliner facing the bed so I could see what was going on, and Annmarie came over and climbed aboard. She slowly sank down onto my cock and groaned as every inch of my manhood entered her.

I grabbed hold of that incredible ass, and helped her glide all the way down without hurting herself, and then slowly started the up and down movement.

As Annmarie and I were establishing a rhythm, Carlos comes into the room via the open door that led to the bathroom.

"Well, here I was worried that my friend may be bored and I see he's doing better than I am," he exclaimed.

"Couldn't be in better hands my friend, thank you," I answered.

"I see," he said as he threw himself on the bed and started playing with the girls.

I was tending to my oral fixation with Annmarie's tit's, and giving her a great ride, but I sensed that she was more a clitoral cummer than a vaginal one, so I turned her around, introduced myself, and this time started playing with her clit as I fucked her.

On the bed however, something new was happening. Carlos was laying on his back and Raquel was on top of him, facing away, grinding her pussy into him. After a few minutes of this however, Raquel pulled Carlos' cock out of her, and apparently lined it up with her asshole, where she very, very slowly let herself descend. Raquel's nipples where so hard and crinkled, I thought they would explode, and the look on her face was of complete and utter abandon and pleasure. She appeared delirious.

When Raquel hit rock bottom on Carlos' cock and let out a deep guttural moan, Annmarie, who had been fucking away on top of me, came, shaking and groaning unlike her previous orgasms. As I was taken back to the project at hand, I decided it was high time for me to cum, so I lifted Annmarie off me, nudged her forward onto the floor on all fours, had her grab on to the bed for balance, and entered her from behind, and started fucking her in earnest.

She was loving it. Not only the fuck I was giving her, but also her eyes were glued to what was going on on the bed. Thinking no time was like the present, I leaned in close to her ear and asked if she wanted "it" in the ass. She didn't hear me at first and when I repeated myself a little louder, she said that she was afraid of the pain, that "maybe later".

So, I started really banging in to her, and as I took in the scene in front of me, I reached that point of no return. Carlos was fucking Raquel in the ass and she was loving it. Nina was getting herself off with the vibrator next to them, and I was fucking this little nymph like there was no tomorrow.

I came and came and came. Honestly, I don't think Annmarie came and I didn't care, I just had the nut of my life.

After I pulled out, she said she could feel me squirting inside her and that it had felt awesome. Whatever. Soon afterwards, after Carlos came and the suspension of fucking apparently led Nina to suspend her masturbatory frenzy.

The room smelled of sex and sweat. There was panting, praising and eventual snore from Carlos, who obviously fell immediately asleep.

I decided it was time for a shower, and excused myself. 

As I was lathering up Annmarie came in the bathroom and opened the door to the shower stall.

"That was awesome....thank you."

"Sweetheart, it's I who should be thanking you....I don't remember the last time I came so great," I lied.

"Can I confide something in you? Do you promise not to tell anyone?" She asked.

"Sure, anything."

"Look, I'm dying to try it "back there" but I'm scared, and I really don't want it o be in public, you know?"

"Uh huh."

"So, if you're up for it, maybe we can try when we're alone later, all right?"

"Absolutely, no sweat," I answered.

With that, she leaned in and gave me a peck on the lips, but just the thought of fucking her in the ass had gotten me stirring again, and my cock had already started to rise, much to my surprise.

I made the peck turn into a kiss, and as we kissed a while longer, I pulled her into the stall with me and we groped at each other like high schoolers.

Then, a wicked thought crossed my mind and I reached for the liquid soap and started lathering her up all over, all the while kissing and fondling her everywhere, especially that delicious ass of hers.

As I reached around her and massaged those awesome orbs, she pushed herself rather forcefully onto my cock and started grinding away.

I decided it was time to deflower her right here and then.

I pulled away from her and turned her towards the wall where the showerhead was. I pulled the shower massager off its holder and while I ran my slippery hand up and down the crack of her ass, I aligned the shower spray onto her cunt. It took a while to line everything up right, but when I heard her gasp for air, I knew I found the right spot.

I asked her to hold onto the showerhead as I pumped more liquid soap onto my hand and more aggressively massaged her tits with my left hand while I massaged her asshole with my right.

She was loving it, and had to brace herself with her free hand.

As I sensed the first orgasm hit her, I slipped one finger into her ass, which at first caused her to spas forward at the intrusion, but then she pushed her ass back, and said, "please put it in me again."

I didn't though, and waited 'till the shower massager caused her to have another "o" to introduce my digit again, except this time, I didn't let it slip out as she was cumming, and after a few seconds, I started the in and out action.

At first she didn't move or say anything, she held perfectly still, but when the third orgasm slammed through her, I introduced another finger, and she went wild.

"Oh yeeeahhhh, please don't take it out, it feels....it feelsss.." and then another orgasm hit her. When that one ended she started pushing back and forth, almost demanding that I sink both fingers into her more deeply.

Now was the time, as her fith(?) orgasm got imminently closer, I pulled my fingers out, and she protested loudly, yelling, "Nooooo!!!"

But then quickly replaced them with my cock, which, with the ass having been worked with two fingers, accepted my cock deliciously. As I entered her, she groaned with satisfaction, and with the pulses from the massager strumming her clit, she came again.


After that orgasm, I started really butt-fucking her, in and out, in and out, and she was loving it. She was banging up against me hard, 'till she had a screaming mega-orgasm, dropped the showerhead and braced herself against the shower stall as if there would be an earthquake.

At the sight of this, I of course came again, deliciously.

We both collapsed onto the floor as the water cascaded down our bodies.

Between breaths, Annmarie said she knew she would like it if she found the right person, and that I had obviously been the "right person."

After I got cleaned up and made my way downstairs, I was surprised to see Heather and friends around the bar. I think she didn't see me, but I immediately turned around and left out the front door and meekly made my way back to the house, where I found my wife massaged, manicured and pedicured, reading a magazine on a chaise lounge chair.

"God am I happy your back," she said.

"Why?"

"I had an incredible massage and I got all turned on, can we go upstairs?" she said in her I-need-to-fuck voice.

Of course that's a whole other story....but trust me, Costa Rica is the place to be. Honestly, I was saddened I only had three days left, but Carlos assured me that the best was still to come.