 (This story was a fantasy that is about to become reality. The only thing I regret remembering the anonymous authors email. My system crashed, and I lost his addy, ooooh boohoo! Hey, enjoy it anyways everyone, I am glad to be back in the saddle writing again. All I need is an new editor.)

Kandie had been conversing with Robert through email. When he suggested they go sailing on his yacht through the Bahamas, to get to know each other intimately, she could not resist idea. After all, it was time she let her hair down and has some sexy fun.

The first time Kandie saw pictures of Robert she nearly passed out! His tall muscular frame makes him look twenty years younger then he is. His bronze tanned body is the envy of everyone who sees him. When she looked into his piercing blue eyes, they seem to go right to his very soul. She could not wait to meet him and see if his kiss would send a tingle of passion straight to the center of her womanhood.  Therefore, she made plans to fly down to Miami and met Robert for a sexy rendezvous on the clear blue waters of the Bahamas. 

Robert's yacht named "Kandie Apple" it was safely moored at the Miami Beach Marina. He spent all week sprucing her up and hoped her namesake would make a lasting impression on Kandie. 

Robert has always loved full figured woman and Kandie's body was both sexy and alluring. As he dressed for their sexy encounter, his fingers trembled. He wondered if the woman in the picture would be as breathtaking as her image. 

He impatiently sat on deck sipping at some dry wine. When he glanced at his watch, it was twelve noon. She should be there any moment and he hoped she did not notice how anxious he is. 

When he looked up toward the dock, his heart skipped a beat. There was Kandie walking down the pier towards him. Oh God, she is more beautiful then he imagine! Her features fueled the fires of passion inside him. 

He got up, walked up the dock, and greeted her with a soft hug a passionate kiss. Robert then said, "Hello beautiful! Are you hungry? I know your flight was long and airline food is terrible. So how about we go to lunch and relax before we set off to go sailing. 

Kandie replied, "Oh darling that sounds like a wonderful idea. My flight from Tennessee was rather long and boring and I would love to just sit down and relax." 

They strode up the pier to have lunch and catch up on what has been going on in their lives over stone crab cocktails."

After lunch, they walked arm and arm to his yacht. When she first saw it, Kandie was amazed at how big it was. She looked at Robert and said, "Oh honey, it looks like a boat fit for a queen!"

He replied with a chuckle, "It's a yacht honey, boats are smaller. Kandie, you can go below and change into something more comfortable. While I can get ready to set sail for a small island called Cat Bay, which is about fifty miles east of here. It's a private cozy alcove where we can relax and have some sexy fun."

As they headed out the inlet, he had to dodge an exiting cruise ship. The yacht soon settled onto some calmer seas, perfect for their run across the Gulf Stream. Robert engaged the GPS navigation system and the autopilot took over. 

Kandie emerged topside she was wearing a sexy hot pink and white short set. What was beneath her outfit filled his mind with enough thoughts to occupy his already overloaded imagination. 

Kandie looked at Robert and could not believe her eyes, oh my God, he was so handsome! When she looked down, she caught herself staring at the bulge in his shorts. She uttered under her breath, "Oh fuck, I cannot wait to devour that hot hard cock!"

Robert smiled at her and when their eyes met he knew tonight was a night the both would remember forever. He coughed and stammered saying, "Hey you sexy thing! You look captivating and I could devour you right here right now. However, the sea air is fresh and warm; you should go below and take a nap for about three hours. It will take that long to reach the marina tucked behind the east side of that small island."

Kandie yawned and nodded her head in agreement then went below to relax. She shivered and uttered, "Ooooh, pinch me! I want to see if this is a dream! "Then she lay down, but did not know if she could relax and wait three hours. She was more exhausted then she realized and soon fell asleep dreaming of way to tantalize Robert's beautiful body. 

Robert tried to keep his mind on sailing but it wondered to Kandie's attractive body and the thing he could do to it. Moreover, the time passed by as if it has been minutes not hours. 

The palms trees gentle swaying greeted them as Robert secured the docking lines, fuel and pass customs. He then went below to awaken Kandie.

"Oh my god, I hate to awaken such a sleeping beauty," he uttered under his breath.

He leaned over kissed her lips softly and said, "Wake up darling! It's time to get up we have about an hour before supper and I thought you might want to walk along the beach and view the beautiful homes here."

Before he could straighten himself up Kandie pulled Robert close and gave his a deep kiss as their tongues did the dance of lovers. Then he said, "Hi sexy! I would love to walk along the beach with you."

They walked up the dock. Then they went strolling hand in hand along the beach admiring each other more then the homes.

They then enjoyed a delicious dinner in a restaurant on the beach. However, during that time Robert had all kinds of trouble taking his eyes off Kandie. 

He winked as he looked into her eyes and said, "The dinner was superb, but I want you for dessert!"

She grinned and said, "I am ready, but I have one question for you. Do you want whip cream and a cherry with that dessert?"

They discovered during dinner that they had many things in common so it was only natural that they retire to the stateroom of his yacht.

Their yearnings and urges get the best of them as they disrobe and there is a blur of hands, clothing and sensual kisses. He catches his breath when he sees her beautiful breast and stupendous triangular patch. He peels back the bedspread and lays her gently on her stomach. 

He then reaches for the Vaseline Intensive Care. He spreads a dab on the bottom of her feet. He begins to massage her soles with slow gentle strokes. He applies more and very gradually works his way up the back of her legs, with long slow strokes in an easy cycle of sheer pleasure. 

He touches her beautiful behind lingering with deliberate strokes turning every inch of her on with his magical touch. He then applies more lotion and works his way up her spine, then out and down her sides. She relaxes and lets out a sigh of sheer pleasure.

Kandie turns her head to the side so she can watch him. Robert leaned forward and kissed her ear. She shivered with delight and purred, "Keep this up darling and I might have to fuck you silly!" 

His cock was hard and resting on the crack of her behind-ever vigilant. It only has one eye you know. He leaned forward once more nibbled her ear and said, "Promises, promises, when and where!" 

She then turned over on her back and he kissed her lips, then her chin and cheeks. Then he moved downward to her neck, lingering there for a while. 

Then up from her naked shoulder to her chin and back down once more. First one side then the other then down from her chin to her succulent breasts. He sucked on her nipples and they respond swelling like harden bullets, which excited him more. 

He then knelt next to her and her hand finds his throbbing dick. In turn, his fingers find her swollen clit and they massage it up and down, down, and up slowly in unison of her strokes on his cock. 

Her love juices begin to flow as well as his, but they let each other's anticipation grow. He moves and caressed the insides of her thighs working slowly from knee to the center of her womanhood. Over and over, he makes the trip lingering in the middle of her wanting pussy each time. 

Kandie began rubbing his balls and fondling his cock making Robert more and more excited. After a while, he cannot wait any longer. She spreads her legs and he kneels in between them. The cleft in the end of his dick caresses her clit, up and down repeatedly. 

Then, when neither of them can stand it any more, he slowly slides his cock into her. He thrust his cock deeper until their pubic hair mingled together. He stayed all the way inside her for a minute then slowly draws back out, until the tip of his cock is in her, then plunged it all the way inside again. 

Her hips arch and meet his thrusts and that makes him increase his pace. He can feel a huge orgasm hiding just around the corner and he hold off as long as he can.  His speed increases and he feels as though his cock is kissing the very center of her womanhood. 

Her moans foretell her pleasure of cumming. As an earth-shattering organism overtook Kandie, Robert climaxed simultaneously. His cock pulsates and throbs deep inside her for what seems like an eternity.

Robert layback on the bed reveling in the moment then turned to Kandie pulled her close and uttered, "You are one sexy green-eyed angel!"

He then turned to his right and picked up the dry Chardonnay from Sonoma, which happen to be chilling at their bedside. He poured two glasses and said, "Here's a toast to our sexy rendezvous!"

It takes them about half an hour to consume the whole bottle. As they drink and chat, her hand wanders down his stomach leaving a trail of sexy goose bumps. His mind starts to wander and his cock begins to harden again. As her hand reaches for his cock, his hand makes its way to her pussy and massages her wet throbbing clitoris. 

Kandie continues tantalizing Robert by rubbing his balls and he is now hard as steel and ready to fuck once more. This time she instructs him to lie on his back and she straddles him. 

She slowly lowered herself on his cock! Oh fuck, it felt like she had the center of him deep inside her. She began gradually and as the pace quickens his hands went around her and grabbed her by the hips. 

As his excitement grew, he begins to pull her down harder onto his cock. Each time he would arch his back so more of his throbbing member was inside her. 

The freight train of ecstasy gets underway; it is a long, hard, slowly moving unstoppable progression. Her enthusiasm pushes then both over the brink. He cannot hold back any longer, pumping his hot cum into her in gobs of exquisite pleasure. 

They keep on going, neither of them wanting this wild passionate moment to stop. He feels her orgasm sweep through her body and saw her stomach quivers as the waves of pleasure wash over her. 

Soon exhaustion overcomes them and they fall asleep in each other's arms. Tomorrow is another fun filled day. It is off to Nassau and the Atlantis resort across the wide Bahamas Bank.