 It wasn't that long ago when the idea of spending a week meeting dancing animals, traveling through underground caves and being pushed into a giant funnel got me excited. Maybe it was the back to back trips; maybe it was just a sign of me getting older. Either way, Oakdale Grove just didn't have the same appeal. 

Don't get me wrong, I was having a good time. The bright yellows and hot pinks of a billion girls in bathing suits, the smell of hot, salty popcorn filling the air, the dizzied look of teenagers who had just gone screaming through the first corkscrew of Shattered Falls, all of these things made the trip worth it. However, after almost ten years, there wasn't much left to be excited about. 

My friends were having a bit more fun than I was, but I wasn't really surprised. Trixie and Alister were having a blast because this was their first time going to the park as a couple. Alister and I used to be best friends growing up, even though we're totally different in every way. He is short and thin with dirty blonde hair that he used to always wear down to his shoulders. He also used to be a jock, as much as small people can be jocks. He participated in track and field and was actually pretty good at soccer; at least they made him captain in high school. 

You may have noticed that I keep saying "used to." The phrase "used to" refers to a wonderful time before Alister and Trixie fell in love. Trixie came into the picture last fall bumping into Alister on our way to the gym. She was sexy for Alister's credit. She was tall, with beautiful long legs, and reddish-blonde hair that went down to her shoulders. She was wearing a sweater at the time, but even that ugly looking outfit couldn't hide her curves and a beautiful pair of 34Cs.

Also along was my friend Parker who was riding Shattered Falls for the eighth billion time today. Somehow, after he hadn't shown up to meet us at the bridge into Dusty Trails, I knew what the other two were going to say. 

"Um, Scott," said Trixie flicking her brown locks behind her shoulders, "can you wait for Parker? Alister and I are going to go wait at the arcade." She turned and smiled at Alister.

The arcade. Right. Like I'm a fucking idiot. "Oh totally, Trix," I said. "You two go have fun. Parker and I will meet up with you in a little while."

"Cool," said Alister. "See ya later." He grabbed Trixie's hand and pulled her across the bridge. Before he had even cleared it, his hand had snaked its way down to her ass, smacking it in front of the oblivious parents and their sugar-high kids. 

"Great," I mumbled to myself. "I guess I'll just wait an hour til Parker gets bored." I spotted a small bench with peeling, red paint next to a giant animatronic lion wearing an apron. Leo's Burger Grill said the faded letters of an old sign. I decided to wait here because it had a good view of the exit to Shattered Falls. Not that I would see Parker soon, he'd hop the exit line and just waltz back into the entrance. The park wasn't that crowded today, nobody would notice. 

So here I was again, a tall, built, blonde-haired 21 year old sitting by himself next to a talking mechanical lion. I was a little sick of waiting for Parker, a little sick of Trixie and Alister, and a little pissed that I was once again alone in Oakdale Grove.

That is when I saw her. She was beautiful. She had long, chestnut hair that fell gracefully on the shoulders of her park uniform. She was curvy, with legs that seemed to stretch out forever. I couldn't take my eyes off her, her swaying hips, her bouncing breasts. Just her smile was intoxicating.

She didn't notice me at first; she was too busy smiling and waving to customers as she passed, a huge, theme-park friendly grin etched across her face. However, when she turned around, I caught her eyes and she smiled at me. Not the big grin, not the "how may I help you without interfering with my day" smile. She flashed a soft, gentle smile. 

I smiled back at her and she started to walk over to me, greeting people as she walked. Finally, she reached my table and said, "Good afternoon, sir. Is there anything I help you with?"

"Oh," I said a bit embarrassed. It was just a little park hospitality. Leave it to my bored imagination to think it was anything else. "Nah, I'm fine," I said trying not to sound too disappointed.

"Are you sure?" she said. "I don't want to see any unhappy customers."

Wow, now my little fantasies were making me feel stupid. "No, I'm fine," I managed to say. "Really, it's not something you could easily fix."

"Mhmm," she whispered. She looked around briefly and then placed a hand on my shoulder. "I think I have something that might cheer you up."

"Oh," I said. I figured my first instincts were right after all and stood up.

"Okay, sir," she chuckled. She pulled out an Oakdale Grove pad and paper and scribbled something quickly before handing it to me. "Have a good day now." 

My eyes watched her as she happily bounced away, her beautiful ass bouncing as she literally skipped down the cobblestone path. I guess I was wrong, I thought. Then, as I turned around, I noticed another park employee and a family of four coming down the street. 

"As smart as she is pretty," I said to myself. I opened up the slip of paper. It read: David's Cave, South Entrance. 

My feet could not carry me there fast enough.

I walked around the entrance of David's Cave for nearly three minutes. Was it just a joke, I thought. Is she just playing games? I could just report her but what point would that be? I sat down on the cold, waterfall soaked stone and sighed.

"Are you that anxious?" whispered a familiar voice. I turned around and two hands grabbed me and pulled me into the cave. My sight was instantly robbed from me and before I could even think, I was pushed up against the wall. She giggled and pinned my body against the cave before she pressed her lips against mine. I kissed them back, trying to be soft and tender. Taking it nice and slow.

She would have none of it. She pulled away from my kiss and then slammed her body hard against mine, knocking the air out of my lungs. I gasped out loud and she kissed me again, harder, sliding her tongue into my mouth. I answered back correctly this time, our tongues thrashing together as she pressed her warm body against me.

With my arms pinned behind me, she ran her hands across my body, scratching her nails across every inch of exposed flesh. She raked them across my neck and arms, all the while kissing me furiously until we both ran out of air. She pulled away briefly but before I could say a word, our mouths collided again and she slid her fingers under my shirt and scratched hard down my back. 

I wasn't going to let her have all of the fun. I planted my feet and shoved my body against her, causing her to take a few steps back. Quickly, I grabbed her by the shoulders and thrust her up against the opposite wall. She let out a low moan but I stifled it with a passionate kiss of my own, nibbling her bottom lip and sliding my tongue against hers. But I wasn't finished. I pulled my mouth away and before she could kiss me again, I turned her head to the side and bit into her neck. 

She cried out in pleasure as I attacked her neck, biting up and down the side of her tender flesh over and over. She buried her head into my shoulder and moaned louder, muffling the noise against my shirt. 

"Hold on," she gasped as I continued biting her neck. "We need to move.... We can't be ... my boss might ..." 

"Let him," I growled into her ear. I slid my hand up to her chest and began rubbing her breasts through her uniform, my fingers grazing across her slowly hardening nipples. I bit into her neck again and she moaned loud.

"Fuck! Please sir, we can be in private." I slid my hand to her other breast, and nibbled her ear. She sighed deeply "I'll make it worth your while."

"I suppose," I said picking her up into my arms and kissing her deeply. "Where too?"

She reached out and pointed towards a section of the cave. She pressed a hidden button on the ceiling and a door opened up. I pulled her inside and she quickly locked the door as I slid off my shirt.

"Mhmm, baby," she moaned softly seeing my shirt off. She walked over to me and raked her finger nails down my chest. I moaned softly as she placed her head right next to my ear "Can you help me out, sir?" she cooed

"Yeah." Before she even had time to register my answer, I had pulled her shirt off over her head and bit into her neck again. She moaned once more as my hands quickly undid the straps of her bra and threw it aside. 36 DDs. 

Just like in the cave, she tried to regain control. This time, however, I was wary and would not be denied. I pushed her up against the wall and kissed her deeply as my hands traced down her shoulders and across her chest. I took a breast in each hand and began rubbing them, slowly running my fingers across her hard nipples. She moaned into my kisses, her eyes shut tight as I squeezed her tender mounds between my fingers.

I finally break our delicious kiss and lock my lips around one of her swollen nipples, taking it into my mouth and sucking it. My one hand remains at her chest rubbing and squeezing her other breast, while my second hand slides down her side. 

"Right there," she cries out as I run my hand over the side of her stomach. 

"Like this," I say repeating the motion. I assume I'm correct because I'm answered with another sharp gasp. I trace this area with my fingers as I latch onto her other nipple, sucking harder and flicking the tender flesh with my tongue.

After a few minutes of sucking her nipples and rubbing the sensitive skin of her stomach, I stood up and kissed her deeply, slowly but passionately. When it ended, I stared into her beautiful green eyes and she stared back at me, smiling a wicked little smile. 

"What?" I said. With a sudden burst of strength, she pushed me hard backwards. I quickly turned, trying to catch my balance, and toppled over the side of ... a couch. As I fell onto the soft material, I finally looked around the room. We seemed to be in some kind of lounge area; this couch and a few sturdy chairs were placed around the room. There was a fridge and table in the corner. And a sexy, naked, chestnut-haired goddess standing totally naked in front of me.

Before I could say another word, she had leaned over me and pulled my shorts and boxers off with one motion, my semi-hard cock slapping against my legs. She looked at it for a second, flashed that wicked smile at me, and climbed over me. 

She kissed me feverishly again, somehow even more passionately than before. Perhaps it was the wet heat of her dripping pussy against my enlarging cock but I was dazed for a moment. By the time I noticed what had happened, she had turned around, pinning my arms under her beautiful legs. Her pussy was only a short distance from my face, dripping wet and recently shaven. 

With a moan, all of my thoughts were taken away from me as she wrapped her lips around my cock. My back arched at that first touch, her soft lips engulfing the tip of my throbbing member. I closed my eyes as her mouth slides down on my cock, slowly taking more of my 8 inches into her mouth. My moans slowly grew louder as she traced her tongue slowly up the side of my cock. Then she slid my cock out of her mouth.

It was agonizing. My cock throbbed in her hand, her warm breath hitting the tip of my hard member, but she wouldn't give me what I wanted. "What are ...?"

I had just opened my eyes in time to see her head thrust down over my cock, taking the entire 8 inches into her mouth. I felt my throbbing dick touch the back of her throat, her mouth constricting around me. With rapid motions, she took my cock over and over again as far as she could into her mouth.

I knew I couldn't last much longer, but I couldn't get to my arms. With the pleasure she was giving me, I struggled in vain to free one of my hands, to return the favor. And then it hit me.

I leaned forward and slid my tongue against her wet lips causing her to moan softly around my cock. I began sliding my tongue up and down the length of her pussy, pausing to flick my tongue against her tender clit. I tasted her sweet juices as they dripped onto my tongue. I leaned forward even more, burying my face in her delicious, wet pussy. I slipped my tongue between her folds, pushing my tongue inside her. 

Slowly, she began to suck slower and slower, losing herself to the workings of my tongue. Her moans grew louder and louder, as she focused less on my cock and more on the growing wetness of her pussy. She dug her nails into my thighs, shaking with pleasure. Finally, she moved enough for me to free my arms. Instead of my original plan, I grabbed her hips with both hands and pulled her down onto my lips, my tongue pressed against her clit, sucking her tender nub into my mouth. 

"Please, sir," she moaned. "Please, don't stop."

I obliged the beautiful girl's request, instead sucking her clit faster and faster. Soon, with a loud gasp, she came into my mouth. She continued rocking onto my eager mouth as she finished cumming, her shallow breaths slowly returning to normal. 

She climbed off of me and turned around, smiling at me. I stood up and pulled her close to me, our sweaty bodies colliding. I looked into her eyes as my hard cock rubbed up against the sensitive lips of her pussy. "You want more," she moaned.

In response, I grabbed her body and lifted her up, pushing her back down onto my hard cock. She started to let out a noise but I kissed her hard, stealing her moans from her. Instead, she wrapped her arms and legs around me as I pressed her against the wall, pumping my thick cock into her waiting pussy.

"Oh fuck, baby," she sighed when I finally let her lips go. I stared into her eyes as I pounded into her over and over again. Her juices started flowing over my cock, soaking my throbbing member. With her limbs wrapped around me, I lifted her up and walked slowly over to the couch, each step pushing my hard cock deeper into her wetness, filling her tight pussy.

Gently, I laid her down onto the couch, lowering myself with her. As we hit the surface, I kissed her deeply, sucking her tongue into my mouth as I continued to thrust into her pussy. I moaned into her lips as my cock pounded into her, over and over again. She bit my lip with pleasure as she came once more, her juices running down her legs, my balls slapping against her wetness as I continued to thrust into her. 

"Oooooh yess," she screamed. "Harder, harder. Please fuck me harder." 

I smiled and slowly inched my cock out of her wet pussy before leaning down to take her nipple into my mouth, sucking hard. She moaned softly but wasn't satisfied with the attentions of my teeth and tongue. "No, please. Please sir, fuck me."

"If you want it that bad," I purred into her ear. I grabbed her hips and slammed my throbbing cock as far as I could into her wet cunt. Pounding harder and faster.

"Oh fuck. I'm gonna cum again," she called out, biting her bottom lip.

"Me too, baby," I said. "I'm gonna cum with you."

"Oh yessss, please do. Please cum inside me."

Well, how could I turn away an offer like that?, I thought driving into her faster and faster. She screamed, louder than before, a pleasure-filled, world-shaking release as she came again. She came hard, harder than before, her tight, wet pussy constricting around my swollen cock as I thrust into her. I knew I couldn't take it.

With a loud moan of my own, I exploded into her pussy. I shot my hot cum inside her over and over again, filling her wet pussy with my own juices. 

For a minute, we just laid there. This beautiful, sweaty, sex goddess lying under me with my slowly deflating cock inside her. Finally, I was able to catch my breath and pull out of her. I managed to stand up and almost immediately stumbled my way into a chair. 

She followed me and sat down on my lap, wrapping her arms around me and kissing me deeply. I felt our juices slowly dripping onto my leg but I didn't care. This was amazing.

"Who are you, baby?" I whispered barely able to breathe. 

She laughed and kissed me again. "Didn't you read the name tag?" She reached down and grabbed her shirt which I had carelessly thrown across the room. 

"Michelle," I purred into her ear. She shivered with delight. "My name is Scott."

"Well, I help you enjoyed your afternoon at Oakdale," she said smiling at me.

"Sweetheart," I laughed. "The park doesn't close til 9."