 For my special muse, Jo

As I return from lunch, I notice that my office door is slightly ajar. I know that I closed the door when I left. Perhaps the maid came by. As I enter, I glance around, and all is in order. The trash can stands full beside my old, solid, wooden desk. The papers scattered across my desk are just as I left them. 

Dismissing any concern for who might have been in my office in my absence, I hang my jacket on the back of the door, partially closing it so I will not be distracted by the activities of those passing by. As I move around the desk to resume work, I hear a faint, and out of place, sound. I hear an electric razor, or at least that is my first thought. As I pull back my oversized chair, I glance into the chair well which is clearly the source of the buzzing sound. I stop, remaining motionless for several seconds, as I take in the scene being played out before me. 

It is you, secreted there beneath my desk, who is the source of the buzzing sound. I see that you have spread a large towel on the floor, and you are now reclining across that towel. You are naked, and your summer button front dress is in the corner of the small space where you are hidden. You are facing me, and I note that your eyes are closed as my eyes sweep across your lovely body. 

You are reclining against one side of the chair well, legs partially flexed. Your legs are spread apart, and you have your favorite vibrator buried in your pussy. I see your juices glistening along the false cock’s shaft as you drive it rapidly in and out of your cunt. You raise your ass up off of the towel and thrust against the cock, taking it fully within you on every stroke. I hear the pitch of the vibrator’s buzz change as it dives deep inside you and then is withdrawn at an ever increasing pace. With your free hand you massage your breasts, squeezing each in turn, gently pinching the nipples, pressing them together. 

I watch, spellbound, as your actions indicate that you are approaching orgasm. Your face becomes more flushed and the thrusting of your hips becomes sharp and demanding. Your breasts turn bright red from the harsh attention they are receiving. I hear a low moan coming from deep within you, and I know from experience that you are about to cum. At that moment, I realize where we are, and I am suddenly afraid that you will cum loudly and be heard by students passing in the hall. But I am frozen in place, unable to move to the door and close it as I know I should. I watch as you cum with the cock-like vibrator buried fully within you with its fake balls pressed against your clit. You buck against this cock, moaning quietly, with shivers of ecstasy visibly coursing through your body. Your motions stop, and you relax onto the towel, legs splayed wide, cunt filled by your plastic companion.

I collapse into my chair just as you open your eyes. You look up at me and smile that warm wonderful smile. I smile back, but my mind is now racing. How did you find my office? Did anyone see you enter? What if you are discovered here, naked, beneath my desk? Before I can come up with any answers, I feel you pulling on my chair, sliding it into the well. 

Before I can protest, you have unbuckled my pants and you are tugging on them, trying to remove them. Without thinking, I raise my ass off of the seat and I feel my pants and underwear gliding down my legs where they drape over my shoes. You place your hands on my knees and gently push my legs apart. I slide down in the seat, spreading my legs wide apart, knowing what is coming next.

I feel your kisses creeping up the inside of my left thigh as your hand reaches my cock and balls. Your touch makes me jump in surprise, and my knee bangs the underside of the desk. I look around to make sure we remain undiscovered. I see forms moving by beyond the door, but the chatter of students between classes has made any sounds we make undetectable. 

Your hand is now moving up and down my shaft which has been stiffened by your warm touch. Your kisses have reached my balls, and I feel you lick each one in turn. Your tongue reaches my cock and I feel its wet warmth against my hardness. You lick slowly up and down the shaft, unhurried, unconcerned that we may be discovered at any moment. I feel your warmth engulf me as you take my cock inside your mouth and swirl your tongue around its tender tip. 

I begin to move my hips, thrusting my cock into your mouth, feeling it glide smoothly in and out. You use your tongue to caress me as I slide back and forth, and occasionally you allow your teeth to grate along my shaft increasing the sensations that are already building within me. I hear the slurping sound as I fuck your mouth, and I feel the drool pooled beneath my ass as I slide back and forth across the chair. My clouded eyes are focused on the door, watching for any suspicious movement, but I know that I will be unable to react even if the door were to suddenly swing open. 

Already aroused by having watched you fuck yourself with the vibrator, I realize that my own climax is only moments away. I move my hands under the desk and hold your head as you suck me to climax. I cum hard, trusting my cock deep inside you, causing you to pull back to avoid gagging. My cum fills your mouth and I feel its heat surround me before you swallow it. Our motions stop, but we remain connected, cock to mouth, as we recover. 

I hear familiar footsteps in the hallway, and I slide up in the chair just as the door is thrown open. It is a colleague who has come to remind me of the faculty meeting that is set to start in a few minutes. 

“You haven’t forgotten the faculty meeting, have you Chuck?,” he asks. I mumble an answer while shuffling some of the papers on my desk.

“You don’t look so good. Are you feeling okay?,” he asks. “It was something I ate at lunch,” I reply. “I took something for it, so I should be fine. I will be along in a moment, as soon as I find my notepad.” And with that, he departs, pulling the door closed behind him. 

I slump down into my chair, relieved that we were not discovered. I realize at that moment that you are still holding my shrunken cock in your mouth. I slide my chair back, causing us to separate. I look beneath the desk and see you smiling up at me, a small glob of come attached to the corner of your mouth. I shake my finger at you in a scolding motion, but then I rub your head to let you know how much I have enjoyed this risky surprise.

I whisper my thanks to you, and you acknowledge that you understand why I must depart right away. I rise and quickly straighten my clothes. I throw on my jacket hoping that it will cover the large wet spot spreading across the seat of my pants. I know I smell of sex, but there is nothing I can do about that. I hurry from the room toward my meeting hoping that you will not be discovered as you depart.