 When the phone rang, I wasn't expecting it to be her. To hear that voice. It was my ex-girlfriend, Randi. A voice I had heard a million times before, but at that moment, it nearly instantly turned me on. Sweet yet sultry. A slight hesitation, as if she knew she shouldn't be calling me.

Although our relationship had ended several years before, we had maintained a sort of friendship. The kind that took several years to rekindle, slowly, and carefully, so as not to affect the friendship. But as all relationships with exes tend to go, the sexual tension and chemistry we had, was always there. Waiting. It hung thick in the air. And as time went on, it became hard to ignore it. Our relatively infrequent emails had gotten more frequent, and sometimes, rather explicit. 

And now, she was calling me. Whatever motivation she had, it was clear she was looking for something more.

"Hi... it's me," she said.

I took a breath - as if it was my last. Gulping it down, I finally broke the silence. 

"Hi."

I could literally hear her smile. She always said she loved hearing my voice. She thought it was sexy. And it turned me on to know I could connect with her that way.

"I didn't know if you would pick up," she said.

"Of course I'd pick up! I love hearing your voice," I responded. 

I wasn't kidding. As much as she loved hearing mine, her voice - her tone, her cadence, the way she said my name - made my heart skip. I could just imagine her on the other end, her thick blonde hair with just the right amount of curl and bounce, her china-doll face with her slightly up-turned nose and piercing blue eyes whose corners would crinkle as she smiled. She was really stunning. Creamy skin that tanned golden in summer. Beautiful, pert c-cup breasts with perfect nipples that begged to be sucked. A flat stomach that led to a perfectly trimmed pussy, and an ass that had me constantly on high-alert. I loved her body - and I made sure to worship it often.

She, in turn, tortured me relentlessly. Though, at my own doing. At my request, she almost always wore thongs - regardless of what she wore or where she was going. I loved running my hands up the back of her legs, bare or covered, and reaching the fold where her perfect ass and thigh met to check whether she had complied. She was a nurse too (which, naturally only heightened the sexual intrigue). I secretly loved when she would come over after her shift, still wearing her thin scrubs, so I could feel every curve and edge of her thong as it dipped into the v of her sculpted ass cheeks.

Normally, a phone call like this would not have raised any concerns. Although I was dating other people, I was still relatively unattached and free to indulge in a little fun. The problem was, she, was very much attached. Married, in fact. To a jerk of a husband who she had suspected of cheating on her from nearly the day they got married. It was a sad affair really. 

He was a friend from childhood. When we broke up - for reasons too deep to mention here - she eventually sought comfort there. Eventually, they got married. But deep down, she knew it wasn't right. And her suspicions only grew as the marriage began falling further and further apart. Of course non of this mattered at this particular moment. The only thing I could focus on was her voice.

"I'm coming into Boston next week with my cousin Vanessa. Remember her?"

Of course I remembered her. She was a gorgeous equivalent of Randi - only brunette. With a darker complexion and brown eyes. I hadn't done anything with her, but I always had it in the back of my mind that she was very attractive, even while we had been dating.

"That's great!" I exclaimed. "I'd love to see you... I mean, if you think that's okay?"

"That's actually why I was calling," she replied. "I wanted to see you too. And of course it would be okay silly boy!" I loved how playful she remained with me.

"What brings you into the big city?" I asked. She lived nearly an hour outside of Boston. Which, if you're not familiar with the area, means you're basically in the sticks.

"Shopping," she replied casually.

"Shopping... for what?"

"Stuff I need..." she hesitated for a moment. "There's a big sale at the Victoria's Secret in town - one day only, and Vanessa had some pass she needs to use there. So we decided to make a day of it and come in. I figured we could hang a bit too. If you don't mind tagging along with my cousin."

Was she inviting me to go shopping with her? To Victoria's Secret? To buy underwear? My 20-something year-old-mind was juggling the possibilities and the risks. But really, what harm could there be in joining her? After all, her cousin would be there too, and we'd be in a totally public place! What could be the harm?

"Sounds interesting! Except maybe the shopping part." I'll admit, I was fishing a bit here. Trying to figure out what exactly she was looking for what level of participation she was expecting me to have in her big city visit.

"Oh, don't be such a baby," she said laughingly. "We're probably just going to go in for a minute anyway. It's not like you've never seen any of my underwear before anyway!"

Her voice in my ear, reminding me of what I had experienced and would potentially see again, instantly got me hard. Even if it wasn't on her body, knowing that I would see what she was buying before her own husband would, made accepting this experience too good to pass up.

"Okay," I agreed. "Let me know when and where to meet you and I'll see you then."

The following week couldn't come fast enough. I went to work, came home, spent time with my roommates and chatted with friends. But the only thing that sustained me, was the thought of seeing Randi again. She and her cousin picked me up at my apartment complex around 10am on a Friday. I had taken the day off, and didn't mind using up the vacation time I had accrued. It was summer in Boston - which means sweltering heat and humidity.

It also means short shorts, skirts and sundresses that leave just enough to the imagination to keep things titilating. She pulled up in her SUV, right on time, and barely stopped the car when she hopped out to give me a big hug. I had literally not seen her in person in over three years at that point. And this hug was the closest thing I had had to physical contact with her since our last sexual enterprise - the last hurrah before the final breakup. It was electric. 

I literally felt my skin vibrate with her touch. She was shaking, but her eyes and her smile gave away her excitement the most.

"I missed you," she whispered into my ear as we held our embrace. It felt like minutes, but it was really only a few seconds. I could see, over her shoulder, Vanessa sitting in the passenger seat. I raised my hand, casually, still wrapped around Randi's body. I didn't want to let go. Neither did she. But decorum won, and we stepped back from each other for a moment.

"Wow..." I sighed. "You look amazing." And she really did. She had on a floral print sundress. A toffee colored print that gave way to white and pink flowers that hung delicately from two spaghetti thin straps on her shoulders, flared out as it wrapped around her breasts, revealing just enough cleavage to warrant at least a second glance, and fell effortlessly down to just above her knees. Not short, but definitely tantilizing. I smiled. As if reading my mind, she slowly turned - just enough for me to see the back of her dress setttle neatly and perfectly on her ass, with a slight crease that revealed that she most likely was wearing a thong, or perhaps nothing at all.

"You remember what I like!" I said.

"You're so bad," she responded smiling. "Come on, let's go. Vanessa's waiting."

And just like that, she spun on her heel's and headed down the front stoop. I watched her perfectly tight ass bounce down the steps to the sidewalk below. But quickly followed, not wanting to be left behind. 

----

We arrived at the mall a little before 11. The lunch crowd was starting to hit. And with the heat of the day, an air conditioned mall was an effortless choice. Normally, I hate crowds, but surrounded by two stunning beauties, I had little to complain about.

Vanessa was younger than Randi by a few years - not quite 21 at the time. She wore a pair of jean short cutoffs and a tank top - both of which she filled out quite nicely. But my sites were mostly set on her cousin. I walked next to her, but occasionally brushed my hand alongside her body, allowing the back of my palm to "accidentally" graze her ass as we walked.

The crowds made it easy to disguise my not-so-subtle attempts at trying to decipher what lay underneath. But the sideways glances Randi would throw at me did little to hide that she knew what I was doing. Luckily, her squinted stare would break into a slightly pursed smile just as she'd move a little closer. She loved the attention, and I loved giving it to her.

Vanessa, not oblivious to our past OR present, just kept on chatting with her. Occasionally, she too would give me a little smirk, just to let me know she knew what was going on. But never made any attempt to run interference or dissuade our blatant flirting. 

But just to be safe, I flirted with her a bit as well. Which interestingly enough, seemed to make Randi just a little bit jealous, and served as an opportunity to fuel our playful banter even more.

Finally, we arrived at Victoria's Secret. It was a mad house. It was as if every woman in Boston had heard they were just giving away panties for free. Undergarments were being man-handled left and right, and, at one point, two women even got into an argument when they both pulled the same pair of underwear out of a bin at the same time. This was far less than the erotic experience I had been hoping for.

But Randi grabbed me by the hand and led me into the raging inferno. I followed her closely - close enough to rub the back of my hand that she held, along her butt. Her sundress was soft and silky, and thin enough to feel the warm, firm flesh of her ass. She slowed her pace, letting me catch up and press my hand harder against her. I reached my other hand out and placed it just at her waist, wrapping my fingers around her hip bone and pressing with my fingertips along the edge of where her thong met her upper hip. She loved this. I knew she loved this because she begged me to grab her like this whenever I was fucking her from behind.

She pressed herself back against me, our hands still intertwined between us. She felt my dick against her hand and tried to squeeze it with her fingertips. I could have bent her over a rack and fucked her right there, if it wasn't for the throngs of women surrounding us. We kept walking forward. Deeper into the store. Somewhere along the way, she had used her free hand to pick up a few things - women are amazing that way. All this time my mind had been trained on feeling her skin, smelling her hair, kneading her ass with my hand and pressing my hard dick against her body. Meanwhile, she had been shopping.

I didn't care. I was happy to be there, nestled up against her body, the feel of her ass against my throbbing cock. Vanessa appeared out of nowhere to show her cousin a few things she had found. I admired her taste, and let my mind wander to imagine what she would look like in those various panties. All the while I remained keenly aware of the lack of space I held with my friend. Vanessa, couldn't seem to care less.

The deeper we went into the store, the more aggressive and bolder I got. At one point, I ran a hand down the length of her body, from her bare shoulder to the side of her breast, down along her flat stomach, past her outer thigh, and down below the hem of her sundress. My hand seemed to glide on it's own along the silken path, until I felt the warm, smooth flesh of her leg. I slid my hand back up, barely lifting the hem of the dress, until I could feel the bulge of her ass cheek. I squeezed it, gently but firmly - as if giving a command. She tried to swat me away, playfully at first. But as I got bolder, I stretched a finger to feel the silk of her thong as it snuck it's way down into the warmth of her pussy. She was wet. She swatted at me harder now. She was uncomfortable with this. Uncomfortable, but incredibly turned on.

She turned and kissed me. Gently, and sweetly on the lips. But her eyes remained open. What that kiss lacked in passion, she more than made up for in the fire I saw in her crystal blue eyes. Her pupils were wide open - as if she had been staring into a bright light that had suddenly gone dark. 

I needed her. And she needed me. Badly.

We quickly made our way to a secluded spot in the back of the store. With the sale and mob at the front of the store, the staff was relatively preoccupied and seemingly short-staffed. It was a moment we'd have to take advantage of, if we had one at all. 

Quickly, she lifted one leg as I ran my hand under it. Grabbing her firmly and digging my fingers into the soft, warm flesh of her inner thigh as if I had won a prize. I ran a finger along her pussy, finding her clit she sucked a quick breath in and held it. She whimpered.

She was still wearing her thong - one I hadn't seen before, black with pink polka dots. That's how I wanted it. Letting go of her leg, I spun her around and slowly lifted the back of her dress. I wanted to pull her thong to the side and slide my hard cock inside of her. I needed to do this to her. TO her. I wanted to own her body. To make her mine. I felt like a stallion in heat, anticipating the moment I'd mount her and fuck her from behind as I had done so many times. As I had longed to do for so many years since.

But our better judgement stepped in. It was too public. Too dangerous. And as masculine as I felt at that moment with this beautiful girl ready to give herself to me, getting arrested was not something I wanted or could afford to deal with.

So we did the next best thing. I grabbed her by the hand and snuck out, leaving her cousin to fend for herself. We raced back to her SUV, all the while grabbing and groping each other along the way. I was like a teenager again. The foreplay was almost too much to handle.

When we finally reached her SUV, we barely made it inside. The back seat was spacious enough to sit comfortably (even for a my 6 foot frame), but for extra good measure, I slide the front seats as far forward as possible. 

I wanted to taste her pussy. I wanted to kiss her lips, and slide my tongue down to the nape of neck, planting little kisses along the way to her perfect breasts where I'd spent hours sucking and nibbling on her nipples as I played with her pussy. Nothing brought her to orgasm faster. But I didn't do any of those things. Our parking spot was in a corner of the garage, secluded and relatively dark, though not completely beyond visibility. It was almost as if she had intentionally parked there.

I didn't do any of those things because I knew this was a moment we had to seize. She was begging me to keep touching her body. And I gladly obliged.

"Grab my ass!" She commanded. Her voice oozed of her sexual desire. "I need you. I miss feeling you touching me."

I said nothing as her back remained to me. But lifting her dress, I did as I was told. Her firm skin was taught on her ass as she bent forward, giving me full access to her. Her thong wrapped down into the depths of her ass. I reached down and pulled it aside, slipping a finger in her now soaking pussy. I slid my finger in deeper, touching her clit with my thumb as I plunged further into her. Randi was dripping wet. I wanted to run my tongue along her slit - but there was no time.

As she moaned her approval, I quickly undid my belt and unbuttoned my shorts. My cock ached to slip inside of her. To feel the soft, wet folds of her pussy envelope my dick inch by inch. She moaned louder as she hear my zipper run down the length, and finally gave an approving sigh as she felt my dick spring out from my boxers and land almost perfectly in line with her slit.

One thrust. I was where I belonged.

She sucked in a quick breath - just as she had before, but this time quickly let it out with a "Yeeeeeesssssssss baby!"

"Drive that dick into me." Fuck it felt good to be inside of her.

"Fuck me hard baby. Fuck the shit out of me." I kept sliding in and out of her. Fucking her just like she cried out for. "Fuck me, fuck me hard. Oh don't stop baby. I need to feel you cum inside of me. I want to feel your big dick cum in my pussy."

Her words rang inside my head. This girl knew exactly what I wanted. What I needed. With every thrust of my hips, she would meet me by pushing her ass further against my hips. Every now and then, she'd hold that position, grinding her ass into me. My dick would move in rhythm to her movement, rubbing the walls of her pussy with the tip of my dick. It only served to make me harder and fuck her even longer.

Eventually though, I succumbed to her dirty talking and hard fucking. My dick still buried inside of her pussy, I pushed hard one last time to give her every inch. Thrusting into her as I released my seed deep inside. As I came, I grunted out loud. She moaned into seat cushion, crying out 

"yes baby, give me your cum. Fuck your dirty little secret hard. I love being your dirty little secret."