 Firstly my sincere thanks to Kry Hub for editing this story for me.

The underlying theme of this story is panty fetish so if this is not in your wheelhouse rather read one of my other stories.

****************

My story starts in the late 1970's when, as a young man, I lived in Cape Town, South Africa. I had just finished studying and started my first job. Not being from Cape Town I tended to hang out with some of my university friends. On this particular Saturday, I had been invited to a party at a friend's house, which is where I met Jo. There was an instant attraction between us and spent most of the time chatting and dancing. So much so that I didn't even notice that my friend which I had arrived with had left in a huff. I didn't care; I was smitten with Jo.

We arranged to meet for dinner the following Tuesday. The dinner date went well, and we both established that we had just left fairly serious relationships and were not looking for anything serious. In my case, a school girlfriend, and we had just drifted apart. Jo told me that she had had a far-reaching relationship with a slightly older guy. Having an eight year age difference, she said that they were only looking for different things and this meant that they both realised that the relationship would not last and had an amicable split.

After dinner, I was really in two minds about whether to suggest we go back to my place. I figured that this might be moving too fast, and I was also concerned that Jo would think I was a total slob when she saw the state of my flat! I was saved having to make the call when Jo invited me back to her place for a glass of wine. We walked arm in arm back to her place. The warmth from her curves pressing against me had me hardening against my briefs.

Jo's place was small but beautifully furnished. I was very glad to see that the lounge only had a large leather couch where we could get nice and close. Being a bachelor flat, which in effect was a large room, meant that the bed was tucked away behind a head high room divider. I sat on the couch while she poured us each a glass of wine. She sat down close enough to me that our legs were touching. Once again felt myself hardening in anticipation. As we chatted, she turned sideways, facing me. As if it was the most natural thing in the world I put my hand on her knee. She didn't seem to mind. As we talked I stroked her leg; she just moved closer. Without a word, she took my wine glass from my hand and put both glasses on the table.

She leant towards me and brought her face to mine, and we kissed. It was not long before our hands were rubbing each other. I decided to take the plunge and slipped my hands under her top, feeling my way up until I cupped her breasts over her bra. She had lovely small tits, but I could feel she had huge nipples as they were very hard and strained against her bra. They were clearly enjoying the attention. Within minutes she broke our embrace and without hesitating, leant back and pulled her top over her head. Her hands stretched around, and she removed her bra, throwing her clothes on the couch behind her. She had the most beautiful pale pink nipples I had ever seen. I wasted no time in moving closer to her and lowering my mouth to her hard nipples. I was quickly sucking them. Her nipples were very sensitive, and her body was reacting to my attention. Without a word she bent over and pulled my T-shirt over my head leaving me bare chested. The skin to skin contact was fantastic, and by now my cock was rock hard and straining against my trousers.

After some time enjoying having her nipples sucked, and her tits massaged, she stood up in front of me.

"Let's go somewhere more comfortable," she cooed, taking me by the hand and pulling me to my feet. She led me around the divider and onto her bed. She sat back on the bed and pulled me between her legs. She wasted no time in unbuckling my belt and pulling my jeans and briefs down in one movement. My cock sprang free, pointing upwards towards her. I stepped out of my jeans, and she pulled me back towards her. By now I was so hard, my clear juice was oozing from the tip of my cock. She wasted no time in taking it in her small hands and wrapping her lips around my head, licking the juices with the tip of her tongue. This was definitely not her first time.

She pulled back my foreskin and sucked me into her mouth, her tongue dancing around the rim of my head. At the same time caressing my balls with one hand while the other stroked my foreskin slowly up and down. I could feel that it was not going to be long before she got a mouthful of my cum.

"Be careful," I said, "I don't think I am going to last long." She didn't miss a stroke and just continued to pleasure me with her hands and mouth. I could feel my balls start to contract and within seconds I felt my cum shooting into her. She just kept sucking until she had sucked every drop of my cum into her mouth. Licking her lips as my cock slipped from between them. She leant over and kissed me; I could taste myself on her. I was a bit hesitant at first but realised that I could not expect her to suck me off and eat my cum and then get squeamish! It tasted a little weird at first, but I was so horny I quickly got into it and quite enjoyed the taste.

I gently pushed her back onto the bed and unbuttoned her skirt. She lifted her bum off the bed to allow me to slip her skirt and petticoat off. I threw them over the divider and turned back to her. She was wearing an innocent looking pair of white panties with small red roses on them. I could see the satin fabric darkening, wetness seeping into her panties. As I knelt on the floor and my face approached her, her womanly scent drifted up to my nose. She smelt fantastic! I wasted no time pressing my face into her panties and running my tongue up and down her slit over the wet fabric. I could feel her beautiful pubic hairs against my tongue through the satin. I breathed in her scent and tasted her juices on my tongue as they seeped through her panties. She pressed her pussy hard against my face, her pleasure obvious. I carried on licking her pussy while she ground herself roughly against my mouth. I pulled back for a second and in one quick movement, slipped her panties to one side, and my lips were back at work directly on her wet, hairy pussy.

I gently pulled her pussy lips open and took her hard clit into my mouth. As I sucked on her clit, I slipped my middle finger into her. I can still remember the warm wetness that surrounded my finger and her copious juices flowing from her pussy, down between her legs and over her ass. I started to wiggle my finger inside her and felt her respond by bucking her hips to meet my finger.

"Try two fingers" she gasped. I pulled out and pressed both fingers into her. This time although she was very wet she was also quite tight, and I had to work my fingers slowly in. This seemed to drive her wild, and she was now fucking my hand with force. I was struggling to keep my mouth on her clit. Her cries were becoming louder and more urgent, and I felt her knees tighten against me, holding my head against her pussy. With a final thrust and a loud shout, her orgasm washed over her. I slowly withdrew my fingers and ran my tongue down to her pussy, gently lapping away, trying to drink in as much of her pussy nectar as I could. Inevitably it became too sensitive, and she stopped me by pressing at my forehead. I crawled up onto her bed and lay next to her. She rolled over with her leg across my thighs. I could feel the wetness of her pussy against my leg. We lay arm in arm, silently contemplating our pleasure. In my mind, I was convinced that I had found the perfect woman.

After a short while, I could feel her knee moving up until it made contact with my half hard cock. I suspect she was checking to see if I was up for more. Needless to say, I was, and I could feel my cock harden for the umpteenth time that night.

"Mmm," she hummed lightly, as she shifted herself around and straddled my legs. My cock was growing rapidly in anticipation. She took my cock in her small hands and slipped her lips over the head for the second time. She gave it a few sucks, and it quickly returned to its former glory. She let my cock slip from between her lips and shifted herself up my body. Raising her hips, she took my cock in her hands and positioned it between her swollen, wet pussy lips. Slowly she lowered herself down, and I felt her warmth enveloping my cock.

This time around I was less concerned about cumming too quickly. I tend to take a long time to cum after the first time. I pulled Jo down, and we deeply kissed while I thrust myself in and out of her in long slow strokes. Her hips were meeting my every thrust with equal force. We carried on fucking for what felt like ages. The warmth of her tight pussy around my cock felt like a warm silk glove. Her movements became jerkier, and I felt her hips starting to rotate. Her cries became more vocal. I felt her pussy start to contract around my cock; her body go stiff, and her orgasm hit her forcefully, as her body shook she just kept pounding away at my cock. This sensation soon pushed me over the edge, and I was squirting my thick, hot cum deep inside of her. We held each other tight until my cock stopped spasming inside of her. She eventually rolled off me, and we lay in each other arms, lovingly kissing until we fell into a deep contented sleep.

I woke first the next morning and realised that I would need to get moving to make it to work in time. I got up from the bed. Jo was sleeping peacefully next to me. As I stepped onto the floor, I felt fabric beneath my feet. I looked down and saw her panties lying where they had been discarded the previous evening. I picked them up, and they were still damp from her arousal. For some years, I had had a strong panty fetish and could not resist the smell of a sweet pussy on a pair of panties. I stood up and walked through to the bathroom with her panties in hand. As I peed into the toilet, I brought her panties to my nose. The fantastic aroma of her pussy filled my nose and took me back the great evening we had enjoyed. As I finished peeing, I started to stroke my hardening cock while enjoying her scented panties.

"Let me do that," she said as she walked into the bathroom, rubbing her face. I was caught by surprise and was not sure how she would react to her panties pressed up against my nose. "Don't stop," she said, "I find it strangely erotic." She sat down on the toilet and started to pee. As I heard her stream falling, she took my cock into her mouth and began to suck me. Her hand running up and down my shaft as her mouth and tongue worked my head. I carried on sniffing her scent, and it was not long before my cum spurted into her waiting mouth. Once again she sucked every drop from me, and as my cock slipped from between her lips, she licked them clean.

"I'm running a little late. If I don't get in the shower, I will be late for work" Jo said.

"Can I see you again?" I asked.

"I hope you will come around later. You owe me one!" she said laughing.

She wiped her pussy, threw the toilet paper into the bowl and stood up. I could not help admiring her beautiful figure in the bright light of morning. I took her in my arms and hugged her close. I gave her a deep kiss goodbye and walked back into the room to get changed. I slipped her panties into my pocket and made my way home to change for work.

The day dragged along, and my mind kept returning to our evening and the explosive sex we had enjoyed. I walked around with a hard on all day and a few times wondered off to the toilets to jerk off while sniffing her cute panties.

Early in the afternoon, the phone on my desk rang. It was Jo. "Are you still ok to get together this evening?" she asked.

"Certainly," I replied, "what do you feel like doing?"

"Why don't you come straight over to my place after work and I will cook you something for dinner?" she asked.

"Perfect" I answered.

Very shortly after 5 pm I packed up my things and taking my briefcase headed out of the office. Walking to Jo's flat, I was almost jogging in my haste to spend time with this gorgeous woman. I arrived at her apartment a little breathless and rang the bell. She opened the door with a huge smile. She had clearly got back from work a little earlier and had already changed into a light summer dress and was barefoot. I took her in my arms and gave her a huge hug and kiss. She pressed herself against my hardening cock. "I think dinner can wait a while," she said leading me to the door. We walked through the kitchen and lounge, around the divider and directly to her bed.

"I want you to fuck me right now," she said. Her voice was urgent. We wasted no time in getting undressed. My cock was pointing straight up. I was ready for her. She lay back on the bed, bent her knees while at the same time spreading her legs. I could see the moisture coating her lovely little pussy, matting the soft hair. I knelt between her legs, pulled my foreskin back and guided the purple head of my cock between her velvety lips. She pushed back to meet my thrust, and I was quickly in her to the hilt. I pulled back and started a slow, steady rhythm; in and out. I held her knees with my arms and gave long slow strokes. Her hips were rising and twisting to meet me.

"Don't stop" she moaned loudly. I kept stroking in and out. I was not long before her movements quickened and her arousal reached a peak, and with a loud cry, she came. I could feel her pussy twitching around my cock and kept pumping in and out of her until I could feel my orgasm approaching; with one final push deep into her, I pumped full once again. I slowly pulled my cock out of her and saw my cream oozing slowly from between her lips. I lay next to her. Arm in arm.

"Why do you enjoy sniffing my panties so much? Don't they smell bad?" she asked after a short while.

"I think they smell wonderful!" I answered. I felt I needed to elaborate. "It started a few years ago when I started and University. I went home with a classmate for the Easter break. One morning after his parents and sister had left for work I used his parents' bathroom to have a shower. While I was in the bathroom, I noticed that a pair of his mother's panties were hanging halfway out of the laundry basket. I am still not sure why, but I got the urge to check them out. They were a beautiful white pair with a patterned satin front. As I was checking them out, I noticed that there was a damp spot in the gusset. I turned them over and saw that she had left some of her pussy moisture on them. While I was looking at them, I detected a faint scent from them and out of curiosity lifted them to my nose. As they say, the rest is history."

"Have you had much opportunity since?" she asked.

"Not as much as I would have liked," I laughed shyly. "I did get to enjoy a few pairs of hers later that week and was able to get a pair of his sister's panties too. Since then I have found the odd pair or two."

She smiled, "When I was at home last Christmas, before starting this job, I had the feeling that my panties had been moved each time I opened the laundry basket at home. At that point, I thought it was my imagination, but now, I'm not so sure. I Think I know who it was."

"Who!" I asked, curiously.

"It can only guess it was my older brother. He was home from the Army, and there were no other men in the house around that time." She answered, deep in thought.

"How do you feel about that?"

"Strangely a little turned on. I don't have anything for my brother, but the fact that he could have been so turned on to wank over my panties is quite erotic."

I realised that I was pretty lucky. All of my previous girlfriends were not that keen to indulge my panty fetish and here was a gorgeous woman, a great lover and apparently very open minded and accepting of my fetish.

The next month passed in a blur of great laughs together and plenty of mind blowing sex. We could barely keep our hands off each other, and within that first month, we agreed that getting married seemed like the most logical thing to do. I gave notice on my flat and moved my stuff in with Jo.

Throughout the time leading up to our wedding, we often spoke about my obsession with women's panties. It was clear that as the day went by it was also becoming a big turn on for Jo. I would often lie on the bed while she held her panties under my nose with one hand and wanked me off with the other. By the time I had cum, and it was my turn to please her, her pussy would be dripping wet. I loved it when she kept her panties on throughout and then after I had cum I would take them off, each time they would be dripping with her pussy juice. I would then keep those panties for later. On days when I would be working late, I always found a pair of her fragrant panties in the pocket of my briefcase. They kept me going through those long hours in the office.

Chapter 2

After about three months we had enjoyed some particularly good sex in the morning before we went to work. Without wiping her pussy, Jo pulled a navy-blue pair of panties on and got dressed in her work clothes. I could see our juices leaking from her pussy and the fabric darkening. She finished dressing and kissed me goodbye. "Later lover," she said, "these panties will be special for you tonight!" Despite having just cum, I could feel my cock stirring at the thought.

The day seemed to drag, and I couldn't wait to get home and see what those panties looked and smelt like. Jo was home when I opened the front door. She was sitting on the couch wearing a short skirt. As I leant in for a kiss, her legs opened and exposed her panties to me. She was still wearing the blue pair she had put on that morning, and they were now even wetter. I stood and took my jacket off and threw it over the room divider. When I turned back, she had slipped the panties off and was dangling them from her finger. Her legs were wide open and her pussy all puffy and wet. She was stroking her fingers up and down her wetness.

"Here they are, let me know if you like them?" she said. I took them from her. They were still warm, and the scent of sex was heavy. I brought them to my nose. The aroma was a little different than normal, and it was clear that these panties were full of our combined juices. I licked the juices while I mashed them against my face. Jo dropped my trousers and soon had my cock in her hand. The finger of her other hand buried deep in her pussy. I took her hand off my cock. I needed to jerk myself and was intent on shooting my hot load all over her pussy. She scooted over to the edge of the couch and pulled her pussy lips wide open. With a grunt, I shot my cum all over her pussy.

I saw it splatter and slowly ooze down her pussy lips. I could not resist and knelt in front of her. She immediately knew what I was planning to do and just opened her legs wider. As my tongue touched her pussy, I could feel the combined heat of my cum and her pussy. I was a little tentative at first, but as my mind was processing eating my cum, she pulled my head hard against her pussy. I had little choice but to carry on and as she pushed her pussy into my face, my tongue was busy lapping up my cum mixed with her juices. Within minutes I could feel her starting to cum as my tongue sucked her clit. I could feel our juices in my mouth and swallowed every drop.

Later that evening after we had finished our dinner and were drinking wine and chatting, Jo become quiet.

"What's wrong?" I asked.

"I keep thinking about your panty fetish" her face flushed. "I just can't stop thinking about it".

"Does it bother you?" I asked.

"Not at all. It turns me on, but I keep thinking about how I would feel if you were sniffing my friend's panties?" I didn't know how to answer that as I could not definitively say that I wouldn't sniff their panties if given the opportunity. On the other hand, I didn't want to mess up our great relationship. I figured it would be best just to be honest with her.
