 "You're shaking." He whispered in my ear.

"From pleasure." I replied.

"No one can ever know about us okay?" He whispered suddenly getting up.

I watched as he pulled his pants and trousers up.

"And if I want more?" I asked propping myself up on my elbows.

He looked at me sharply.

"We can't ever do this again." He said. His voice hesitant.

He didn't mean it. I slowly licked my lips.

"Don't do that." He whispered.

"And why not Sir?" I asked purring out the last word. 

And that was all I needed to say before he climbed on top of me again. 

But before you hear the rest let me take you back to the beginning.

I was sat in class, right at the front. Our Geography teacher Mr White was rambling on about the Earths erosion. I started tapping my pen against the desk to distract myself from falling asleep due to boredom.

"Rose I'm going to have to ask you to stop that tapping please." Mr White asked me.

I looked up at him and rolled my eyes.

"Is there a problem here?" He asked setting his glasses down on his desk.

"No." I replied.

"No Sir is what you say." Mr White commanded.

Mr White was a relatively young man, late twenties. Fresh out of University, tall, broad shoulders, short brown hair and blue eyes.

"No Sir." I said in a ridiculous sing song voice.

"Right! Detention after class." He snapped.

My head shot up. The class all made a "Oooh" sound behind me.

"For tapping my pen?" I asked.

"For the attitude." He said.

Before I could say anymore he continued with his lesson. For the rest of the lesson I sat with my arms folded across my chest and a frown on my face. 

At last the bell rung and the rest of the class disappeared. All except me.

Mr White leaned against his desk and watched me for a moment.

"What?" I asked.

"Someone ought to teach that mouth of yours how to speak properly. I am your teacher and you do not speak to me like that!" He snapped at me.

"Well I'm sure you can teach my mouth other things." I shocked myself by saying this out loud.

Immediately I looked down, I could see Mr Whites footsteps getting closer to me. He put his hands on my desk.

"Rose, that is not appropriate and I'm going to over look that comment okay?" He said.

I nodded.

"Now what do you need to say to me?" He asked.

As I looked up I noticed he was staring at my chest. At 19 I had a rather large chest area, my shirt barely holding it in. 

"Hmmm." I pushed my chest forward.

"Rose." He said.

I looked up at him, he was watching me.

"What should I say..." I trailed off.

"I think sorry is the word you're looking for." Mr White finished for me.

"Is sorry enough? Maybe I can repay you some other way?" I asked twirling some of my hair around my finger.

Mr White stood up straight, I stood up and moved around my desk so I was inches away from him.

I put my hands on his shirt, one hand playing with the buttons.

"Rose, stop that right now." He ordered.

"I like it when you're bossy." I commented.

I don't know where this sudden confidence came from. Maybe the lack of sex I've been having recently has driven me to this. 

Or maybe it was all those sexual dreams about Mr White...

I smiled to myself.

"Stop." He repeated.

I placed my hands flat on his chest.

"But do you really want me to stop?" I whispered.

I trailed my hands down his body, until I reached his crotch. The bulge big and hard. 

He wanted this just as much as I do. I heard him swallow hard.

"Rose.. We can't. stop it now." He whispered.

I gently squeezed his bulge and heard him let out a soft moan.

"Okay." I said.

I turned and started to walk away when I felt strong hands grabbing mine. Immediately I was spun round so I was facing Mr White.

"No one and I mean no one can ever find out." He said through gritted teeth.

I smiled and shook my head. 

"Our dirty secret." I whispered.

His hands found their way to my waist, he lifted me up and never breaking eye contact placed me on his desk.

"You've driven me insane." He told me.

"Sorry." I giggled.

"What did I say earlier?" He lifted and eyebrow.

"Sorry... Sir." I smiled.

"Now, you're going to be my good girl aren't you?" He asked.

"I'm always a good girl." I replied smirking.

Mr White opened my legs and stood in between them.

"This skirt doesn't comply with school policy Rose.." He told me admiring my long legs.

I wrapped them around him pulling him closer.

"Oh Mr White, whatever shall we do?" I said in an innocent voice.

He smirked at me.

"Take them off." He ordered moving backwards. 

I lifted my bum up and took my skirt off letting it drop to the floor.

"I see a wet patch Rose." He admired.

"Touch it." I asked.

"Uh, I'm in charge here.." He smirked.

Still he leaned forward and rubbed his finger across the front of my pants, feeling my wetness he smiled down at me.

"Christ those lips.." He whispered.

He leaned down and started kissing me, never once letting his fingers off my pants. He was making me more wet and I was so ready for him.

"What do you want?" He whispered breaking the kiss.

"No.. what do YOU want?" I asked.

He pulled away slightly and held my chin, his other hand moving inside my pants and playing with my clit. My mouth dropped open slightly.

"I'm going to pound my student. My slutty student wants this." He told me.

"Yes please." I whispered.

Immediately he pushed a finger inside me, I gasped and lifted my bum up so he could have more access.

He was an expert, he knew exactly what to do. He continued his finger work until I told him I was going to cum. Then he pulled his finger out.

"What?!" I snapped.

He simply smirked at me and unbuttoned his trousers, I watched as he pulled them and his pants down to his ankles. His cock was huge, god the damage it could do to me.

Mr White grabbed both of my legs and pulled me until I was sitting on the edge of his desk.

"Have you ever sucked a cock before?" He asked.

I nodded my head and his eyes widened.

"Rose you naughty girl.. Did you enjoy it?" He asked.

I shook my head.

"I didn't like the taste and he made me swallow." I admitted.

"Well get on your knees like a good girl and suck my cock and I'll reward you." He told me.

I frowned.

"Reward how?" I asked.

"Well I won't cum in your mouth." He replied.

I got down onto my knees, with a little help of him pushing me.

"Rose.. I'm not going to be gentle. You've been teasing me for weeks with those short skirts and knee high socks. I'm going to treat you rough like a little slut. Does that sound good?" He asked his hand pumping his cock.

I swallowed hard, my pants now soaked.

"Yes Mr Whi..." Before I could finish my sentance he had roughly pushed his cock into my mouth.

He continued pushing it in until my mouth was wide open and I was gagging on it then he pulled it back.

"My God girl... you're a gagger. Fuck." He hissed through gritted teeth.

He placed the tip of his cock in my mouth again.

"Suck me slut." He whispered.

I started bobbing my head backwards and forwards.

"Faster." He grunted.

I started to go faster.

I continued this for some time until he pulled out and started pumping his cock really fast.

"Close your mouth." He ordered.

I closed my mouth and watched as rope of rope of cum shot from his cock and onto my face and shirt. I gasped in shock.

Once he has finished he pulled me up.

"My god look at that slutty face." He smiled at me.

I moved my hand toward my face but he pushed it down.

"No, leave it like that. I want to see you like that while I pound into you." He smirked.

He lifted me up again and placed me on the desk.

"Lay down." He ordered.

I lay down on my back and wait as Mr White climbed onto the desk, his knees placed either side of me.

"Now I want you to call me Sir while I do this and I want you to think about what a naughty little slut you are." He said.

"Yes sir!" I gasped.

He took hold of his cock which was already becoming hard again and guided it to my entrance. Then in one swift motion he had entered me. I cried out at the feeling.

"Oh!" I moaned.

He started pumping in and out of me.

"You naughty dirty girl! Teasing your teacher, well how does it feel being fucked by him huh? You dirty slut!" He grunted.

I loved the way he spoke dirty to me, like I was trash.

"You dirty slut you're my slut aren't you?" He asked.

"Yes Sir!" I moaned out.

He started to go faster. I gripped onto the table edges.

"I'm going to pound you so hard you slut!" He grunted.

"Sir!" I screamed.

I could feel my orgasm building.

"Look at that cum on your face! That's what you get for being a dirty slut!" He spat out.

His pounding almost became unbearable, that roughness and how fast he was going. I started to scream so he covered my mouth with his hand. As my orgasm came I screamed and gripped tighter onto the table. Mr White could see I was losing it so he continued pumping but added a finger onto my clit and furiously rubbed. 

My eyes rolled to the back of my head.

My body was shaking.

I couldn't believe this feeling, I felt in heaven, I felt complete. This is what I was made to be, someones slut.

Then I felt his hot sticky cum fill me up and he slowed his pumps down until he was empty.

Then he removed his cock and bent down so his face was inches from mine. He moved the hair away from my face, he was panting.

"You're shaking." He whispered in my ear.

"From pleasure." I replied.

"No one can ever know about us okay?" He whispered suddenly getting up.

I watched as he pulled his pants and trousers up.

"And if I want more?" I asked propping myself up on my elbows.

He looked at me sharply.

"We can't ever do this again." He said. His voice hesitant.

He didn't mean it. I slowly licked my lips.

"Don't do that." He whispered.

"And why not Sir?" I asked purring out the last word. 

And that was all I needed to say before he climbed on top of me again. 

"Mr White.. I don't think I can take anymore." I whispered.

He started to rub my nipples in between his fingers.

"Well, we'll see about that." He smirked.