 A/N: This story is the result of an email exchange with mangoldbost and is a continuation of his story, Our Fantasy part 1, posted here. This is pure fantasy and descriptions of the authors are used with no intent to harm. These stories are posted for the enjoyment of others and we welcome all feedback you wish to share. 

This part of our story also incorporates some mild anal play; if this bothers you please find something else to read. 

*

My entire body still trembled from the force of my orgasms. It had been too long since I had felt such pleasure and my body wasn't sure how to contain it all. My eyes remained closed but I could feel you next to me. I felt your cum on my breasts and stomach, cooling and drying, and my own juices trickling from my sopping cunt onto the bedding. I felt empty now, without your wonderful cock and your gifted fingers... I craved more but knew better than to ask for more than what I had been given so selflessly. 

After a moment I sigh and roll away from you. It had been wonderful, more than I had ever expected, but it was over now. No matter how much I would love to feel you inside me again, I was certain this one fantastic encounter was all I was ever going to have. I sit up without looking at you and forced my weak legs to carry me into the bathroom. 

My eyes are again closed as I step beneath the shower. I nearly mourn the loss of your gift as your seed is washed smoothly from my skin and my hand slides down to cup my pussy; as though I could keep the feeling of you inside me with the act. Three of my fingers slip inside without trouble and I smile; remembering the delicious stretch I had felt when you first entered me. I gasp in shock as a thrill shoots through me; a phantom sensation that was not caused by my fingers. My pussy feels you... remembers you... aches for you.

I feel a slight breeze as you come into the shower with me. I feel your long arms circle my waist almost innocently. I can feel the tension in you; I know what thoughts were going through your head. This is not what I had wanted; I can not leave you thinking that I regretted what we had done. I open my eyes and force a smile to my face as I turn in your arms and snake my hands up your chest.

"Thank you." I whisper softly before leaning in and placing a kiss to a small nipple. "I haven't been fucked like that in years. It was wonderful."

Before you can speak, I lean up on my toes and lick at your lips. Your hands hold me more securely now and I can feel your confidence returning. Your lips open to me and I can taste you and myself on your tongue. It only makes my pussy throb more, hungry for your delicious cock. I hum under my breath and release your mouth, licking and kissing along your jaw to your ear. 

"Let me clean you..." I purr into the curved shell, tracing the folds of your ear before sinking quickly to my knees in the shower. The warm spray quickly soaks my hair but I ignore it as I begin lapping gently at your spent flesh. I know my own flavor well and the taste is still strong on your cock. I moan in pleasure and use my left hand to lift your dick, allowing me access to your balls. I suck them one at a time into my mouth, suckling gently and lapping lightly, teasingly. 

I return my mouth to your cock, circling the head with my tongue before trailing down the ample length. I feel a small twitch in my hand and a responding contraction in my pussy. My right hand drops between my legs once more and two fingers slip deep inside my insatiable cunt. I know you can see my arm move and I am hoping the knowledge of what I am doing will allow you to harden again. My dearest wish is granted; I take your cock between my lips and allow you to slide along my tongue to the back of my throat as your dick hardens and fills my mouth. As you grow longer and thicker, I suckle more hungrily at your cock, my ears absorbing the sound of your pleasure and storing it for future fantasies. 

By the time I release you from my mouth, your cock was once again impressively erect. I look up at you from my kneeling position and slowly bring my hand from my pussy to my mouth. I suck my juices from my fingers, my eyes locked on yours. When they are clean, I roughly grasp my own tits, squeezing them together and pinching my nipples with my fingers, giving them some relief from their aroused state. 

After a moment I grasp the back of your thighs and slowly stand, dragging my breasts along your strong legs, over your hips, trapping your hard cock between the large mounds for a moment as I give you one more lick, collecting the drop of seed at the tip of your cock and savoring your taste. I then continue to rise, dragging my breasts against you and now trailing my nails lightly over the flesh of your ass and back until I am pressed tightly to your length; your hard, hot cock trapped against my soft belly. 

"I brought a dildo with me, in case you had lied to me." I whisper over the sound of the shower. "Would you be interested in playing some more?"

Your shudder and groan are answer enough and I quickly shut off the water before leading you from the shower. I do not bother to dry us off and merely grab a towel on my way past to lay out across the bed. Once the towel is positioned, I quickly cross to my bag and remove the realistic vibrating dildo that had been my best friend for more than two years. I return to you and plaster my body against yours once more, tip-toeing to feast hungrily on your mouth. Your hands grip my ass and spread the cheeks apart, a finger finding and teasing the tight pucker of my asshole. I gasp into your open mouth at the immense pleasure that sweeps through my body at the taboo touch. 

"Lay down." I whisper and move to put a few inches of air between our hot bodies.

"What...?" Your eyes reveal your nervousness even as you sit on the towel I had laid on the bed. 

"Don't worry." My eyes trailed down your toned body, resting on your hard cock for long moments. I am uncertain if it is the sight of you or my wet hair dripping on my flushed skin that makes me shiver in pleasure. "I won't hurt you."

I step between your parted thighs and press close until your face is buried between my breasts. Your mouth opens and I feel you licking and sucking at the wet skin. I moan and trail the fake cock in my hand up the dip of your spine, making you jump against me. I smile and drag the latex over your shoulder and up your neck. Your mouth stops working on my flesh and I giggle lightly. 

"Lie back." I instruct and push you lightly with my free hand; the other moves the dildo to my left breast and circles the hard peak with the bulbous head. When you settle onto the mattress, your eyes locked on me, I let the toy slip further down while raising my left leg onto the bed beside your thigh. "I am still wet." I lick my lips and watch your eyes following my hand. I shove the fake cock inside my wet pussy with a rough movement that nearly buckles my knees. "Oh GOD!" 

I lift my head from where it had dropped back from the pleasure and find your eyes staring hungrily at me. I pull the dildo free of my body with a wet sound and quickly kneel over your reclined body. My hand finds yours rising to my hip and I place the toy in your palm. "Stick it up my ass."

"What?" Your voice is husky and I tremble in response. 

"It will stretch me." I lean closer and lick at your lips again. "Then you can fuck my ass without too much pain. But before that..." I lick down your neck, dragging out the suspense. "I want to feel you in my pussy with the toy up my ass..."

"Fuck." You nearly growl at me and surge up into a sitting position. Still straddling your long body, I feel my tits press tightly into your chest and moan at the contact of my hard nipples with your warm skin. I rise up on my knees and guide your hand around me towards my ass while our mouths lock together voraciously. 

I can feel the spongy knob push against the hole you had already worked so wonderfully and push my ass down just as you push upwards. The delicious burn of stretching muscle catches my breath in my throat and our lips part. You ask if I am all right and I can only nod erratically as the stretching continued until the head was firmly planted in my ass. 

"Ooohhhh..." I moan, my head falling back on my neck again. My nails lightly press into the skin of your shoulders and my hips writhe slowly, trying to become accustomed to the toy quickly. After a few moments you push harder and I feel the delicious slide of the slick latex reach further up my hole and dimly realize my throat has released a high whimper of pleasurable pain. 

"Are you okay?" You ask in concern. 

"Mmmm, more." I reply and rise up higher on my knees, only to sink quickly back down and forcing the toy deeper. "Just... a... little... Aiii!"

"That's enough..." 

"For now." I interrupt and look at you once more with a smile. "I won't break, honey. But for now, I want your cock again."

My hand takes your hard shaft into my hand and holds it steady before I lower myself onto you. The wet walls of my cunt grasp at your thick cock hungrily as you steadily fill me. We both moan, our clutching hands tightening on one another's bodies. In reaction, you press the toy deeper and I nearly faint at the sensation of having two cocks within my hot body. 

"Can you feel it?" My voice is shaky as I sit heavily on your lap, feeling your cock pulse inside me. My head leans forward onto your shoulder and I arch my back, pressing close to your strength. "Just a thin layer of skin... I can feel all the ridges and veins... My God, I can't even tell you how wonderful this feels."

Taking control, your hands join at the base of the toy and turn the vibrations on. My entire body jerks against you violently and my throat releases a breathless scream. Your own growl of pleasure echoes in my ear seconds before you maneuver both cocks deeper into my wet body. You fall back on the bed, neither the toy nor you leaving my contracting body. Within moments your hips are driving roughly up into mine, your thick cock delving so deeply within me, your hand matching your strokes with the vibrating cock. 

I am overcome and weak with the ecstasy rolling over my body in waves. I can barely summon the energy and thought to meet your thrusts and my hands grip the bedding beneath your shoulders tightly. Five, seven, eight more hard pumps of our hips and my body tightens in yet another orgasm. I shudder and jerk madly above you, crying out my feelings of complete bliss as my ass and cunt flex and contract around your cock.

I am still trembling and panting as you pull the toy from my asshole slowly and flip me onto my stomach beside you. You are so desperate for me you merely part the cheeks of my ass and drive your cock deep into my bowels. I cry out again, my hands fisting in the bedding once more, my body jerking with the unexpected burn of your entry. You are wider than the vibrator and my own cum on your cock is not enough to lubricate our joining sufficiently. I groan and lift up onto my hands and knees, preparing to rock back to meet your pounding dick, but you stop with just the wide head parting my asshole.

"Are you..."

"Fuck me!" I interrupt huskily and push back, attempting to take you within my ass again. You hold me in place with your hands and refuse to resume our violent fucking. "I love this..." I assure you after realizing you truly care that I am okay. "Please! Please just fuck me!"

The insane tightness around your cock is more responsible for your resumed movements than my words had been, but I don't care. The tight walls of my ass feel every different texture of your cock; the veins, the ridge of the wider head, the smooth skin over the steel beneath. Your invasion is so complete, so intimate, just the thought itself is enough to drive me mad with lust. 

As your hips slam against mine, my throat releases a breathless cry of your name and I push myself backwards to force you deeper. You growl at me, deep and primal, and I feel one of your hands leave my ass to grab a fistful of my hair. You pull, yanking my head back and I cry out with the ecstasy of the pain you bestowed on me. Cool drops of water splashed against my back, shocking me with the contrast, and I feel you stop your violent pounding. My protest is cut off as I feel your hot tongue on my back, licking at the water and making me shiver. 

"Turn over." You order forcefully and pull your pulsing cock from my ass, freeing my hair. I immediately roll to my back and lift my legs, rolling my hips up to offer you my asshole again. Strong hands behind my knees press my legs closer to the bed and I hold them in place for you as you once again line your cock up with my gapping asshole. In one smooth movement you are buried once more deep within my body. We both groan as the muscles contract tightly around you.

"Yeeessss..." I hiss and close my eyes tightly to savor the pleasure. 

"You like this?" You pant huskily and I merely nod wildly as my wet hair soaks into the bed beneath us. 

I expect you to start thrusting deeply within me again, yet after a moment I feel only the delicious stretch of your cock in my ass. A second later my eyes fly open as I feel the head of the vibrator touch against my clit. I scream and arch my hips, trying to get away from the overload of sensation. Your weight on me prevents much movement and I think I hear you chuckle at my attempts to escape. Within seconds I cum again, my nails digging into my own thighs and my mouth open in a silent cry. My body is jerking beneath you in my orgasm as you shift your hips and begin to furiously fuck me again. 

The toy is discarded once more and you concentrate on your own pleasure; delving deeply within my ass, pulling out, thrusting in, dragging your thick cock free of the rhythmic clutching of the tight muscles of my hole. Each rough thrust rocks our locked bodies and pushes yet another moan from me until I can only whimper breathlessly at the immense pleasure you have gifted us. And still you slam your cock deep within my asshole...

My body is quickly rising to yet another peak and your grunting tells me you are close to your own explosion. You drive deeply within me again and again and again and then we both freeze, every muscle tightening, our breaths locked in our throats... Deep within me I feel the first hot splash of your cum, your cock pulsing and spurting repeatedly after as the knowledge sends me into another hot wave of my own release. Together we tremble and ride our mutual pleasure as my contracting asshole milks your cock of every delicious drop of cum.

Minutes later you collapse atop me and I release my legs to run my fingers lightly through your hair. We both struggle to regain our breath and the silence is soothing, comforting, after our white-hot passion. When you have softened, your dick slips free of my asshole and I mourn the loss again even as I feel your warm cum flow from my body. 

You rise up on your arms again and as one we both reach between my legs to capture the salty fluid. I drag my fingers from my asshole and over my cunt, gathering our cum together on my fingers. You watch as I slowly lift my glistening hand to my mouth... 

Alone in my shower, I open my eyes and suck my fingers clean, disappointed to taste only my own familiar flavor. 

*

:: If you would like to see the beginning scene, please visit mangoldbost's starter, posted here on Literotica.