 My knees were trembling a mile a minute when I heard the knock on the door. I knew we were both excited and we both desperately wanted each other, but, still, it was the first time we were meeting each other. Normal first date jitters on what was definitely not a normal first date. 

I was in a safe, boring and unfulfilling marriage kept alive for the sake of my 11-year-old daughter. Why put her through a messy divorce just cause I wasn't getting laid enough? Nope. Divorce wasn't an option, but a stolen day of delicious sex was. 

I owed Ann Marie quite a bit. After all, I saw her pictures a dozen times, but she's never seen me. For the last month I've been working out like crazy so that I'd make a favorable impression. I took a deep breath as I glanced at myself in the mirror before going for the door. Not Brad Pitt, I thought, but not half bad at 5'11", 180 lbs., brown hair and blue eyes. Ann Marie, I knew was only 19, but mature well beyond her years and a woman that needed a man, not a college or high school novice. 

We talked on the phone often. I had the luxury of working out of my home that allowed me to call her and beg her to make me cum. She always did. And she always made me feel I didn't have to beg. That she was waiting for me to call because pleasing me greatly pleased her. I'm not sure if she really felt that way, but if she didn't, she was a helluva an actress. 

The knock came again. It was now or never. 

I opened the door and right away my nervousness was replaced with an erotic mixture of pleasurable feelings... friendship, desire, want, need. 

She looked much, much better than her picture. Long auburn hair; smooth, skin the color of fresh fallen snow; a full, curvy figure that demanded to have my arms around it; and full, ruby-red lips that I was just dying... no, aching, to kiss. 

So I did. 

Without even saying hello, I took her by the hand, brought her into the room and wrapped my arms around her waist and kissed her. We both moaned with relief and want and desire as out tongues danced with each other. My hands slid down her waist and I pressed up against her. Immediately she had me hard. She always could. In person, my cock just didn't stand a chance. 

Reluctantly, we broke the kiss and smiled at each other. 

"Hi Ann Marie. "

"Hi Matt"

I took a half a step back and gawked at her like a high school kid. She looked so good. Tight, white blouse that could barely contain her full, supple breasts. A black, knee length skirt that covered way too much of her legs, ass and, of course, that tight, wet pussy I wanted to taste so badly. 

"It's great to finally meet you in person," I said with a smile. My eyes roving over her body. 

"You like?" You said as you do a spin and a wiggle. 

"Yesssss," I said. "I like very much. But now I want you to do something. "

"Take off your clothes, Ann Marie. " I said, trying to keep my voice from catching. "I need to see you naked. Please. Take off your clothes. "

You like the effect you have on me. With confidence that I find sexy as all hell, you pull your shirt off, slide out of your skirt, strip out of your bra and underwear, leaving only your black, four-inch, fuck me pumps on. 

What a woman, I thought. I wanted her so bad. But a promise was a promise and I was a man who kept them. Besides, my confidence was rising like my hard cock, and I knew what she wanted. The best thing about Ann Marie was what she wanted was the same thing that I wanted. 

She wanted her pussy licked. She wanted to cum on my face. She's wanted to do that for months now. And today, she's going to get it. 

"Sit on the edge of the bed," I instructed. My voice was kind, gentle, but firm. "Spread your legs for me and take your finger and test your pussy for me. See if it's wet. "

With a smile that was full of sex, she took her finger and dipped it into her love box. Her eyes locked on mine as she took her finger and raised it to her lips and tasted the nectar that I was going to devour in just a few short minutes. 

"Mmmm, very wet. " Ann Marie moaned. "Do you like a wet pussy, Matt?"

I smiled. "I love a wet pussy, Ann Marie. But, I need to see just how wet you really are. "

I got down on my hands and knees and started crawling towards the girl I lusted after for the last two months. I told her she was going to cum on my face, now I was going to deliver. 

I slid my hands up the inside of her legs, spreading them a bit further apart. The smell and sight of her pussy so close to me was intoxicating. I was half-tempted to rip my pants off and start fucking her like a mad dog... but I needed to taste her. 

I looked up at her and smiled. "You're gonna love this. "

She gasped as I suddenly took her clit in my mouth. Moving my head from side to side, making sure my velvet tongue bathed her clit with pleasure. I took two of my long fingers and slid them into her already wet pussy. Her cunt lips wrapped around them like a custom made glove. I pressed upwards, finding the spot that gave her the most pleasure and then settled into a nice, orgasm building groove as my tongue and fingers pleased her in harmony. 

"Yesssssss, Matt, Yesssssss. " Came the pleased moans of Ann Marie. "Lick me, fuck me, lick me!!! You are driving me fucking crazy!"

I'm a modern guy. If a guy can curse than so can a gal. And no one had a sexier, naughtier mouth than my Ann Marie. It made me want to please her more. 

And please her, I did. When I felt her hand in the back of my head, pressing me closer into her dripping pussy, I knew I was making her happy. I needed to drive her wild. I needed to feel like a man by making her feel like a woman. 

Her hips started moving, fucking my fingers as they moved in and out of her at a furious pace. I looked up briefly and moaned as I saw her playing with her tits with one hand as the other kept my face firmly in place. 

Ann Marie was gasping and moaning and cursing like a woman possessed. Then, like the calm before the pinnacle of the storm, her wails of pleasure dimmed to a more quiet urgent series of moans. I felt her body tense. She raised her ass in the air. 

She was ready to cum. 

Increasing my pace, I sucked on her clit and slid a third finger into her already dripping twat. Her hand left the back of my head and gripped the sheet. A loud gasp of pleasure escaped her lips soon followed by a series of indistinguishable screams of ecstasy. 

As her orgasm slowed, I lovingly left her clit and dipped my tongue in her glorious pussy. She was incredible. And I made her cum. What a great way to start our relationship. 

"Come up here," She said with a satisfied smile. 

I lay down next to her. Wrapped my arms around her and when her naked body touched mine, I realized that I still had my clothes on. 

"Told you I'd make you cum before you saw me naked," I said as I caressed her bare skin. 

Then I felt a hand snake across my chest and boldly move down to my cock that was still pressing up against my jeans. She started to rub my hardness and I heard a confident, perhaps even slightly evil but incredibly sexy, laugh escape her lips. 

"My turn," She said. "And you better believe your cock is going to be in serious pain tomorrow."

To Be Continued... 