 As I travel down the road, I can't help but to fantasize about what lies ahead. About our special time together, and all the things I dream of doing to you. About the fantasies we've shared together. About how soft your skin will feel to my touch. How your lips will taste when we kiss at last. How you will smell when I hold you close, and nozzle my nose into your hair. I dream of how we will start our journey towards ecstasy.

As we meet for the first time our eyes shall meet, we'll see into each others souls. We'll be able to see the desire, the passion, and the longing. We'll hardly be able to contain ourselves. We've looked forward to this day for what seems like an eternity. We say our hello's and the innocent pleasantries. But all the while having a deep desire to unlock our hidden desires, and passions. All we want is to rip each others cloths off and begin our exploration of each other.

We have dreamed of this moment for oh so long, we want to cherish it. We want to take it slow and make it last, for this may be the only time we ever have with each other. And with that in mind we want the special memories of this moment. We want it to last and never end.

I am brought back to reality as I pull my car up to the curb. I have reached the address you have given me. As I walk up the sidewalk to your house a feeling of trepidation and nervousness comes over me. I have wondered about this moment. I reach your door and shakily knock. It seems like forever before you open it. 

The moment is finally here. All my fears are put to ease as I look upon you, you are truly beautiful. Our eyes meet, and all my dreams come true. I see into your soul, I see your longing and desire. We say our hello's with shaky voices. Silence follows as we both know the desires we have for each other, but don't know where to start.

I reach for your hand. I feel your warmth. I feel the electricity pass between us. I step forward into your home, you close the door behind me. Still holding hands we walk into your living room. We've talked of this moment many times before in our conversations. But now it is reality.

As I take you in my arms I feel you begin to tremble. I pull you close, I look deep into your eyes. I see the longing, the desire, the fear, and the wonderment. As you try to speak, I touch your lips with my finger and shake my head no. No words are necessary. I pull you closer. You tremble even more. I too start to tremble. I watch your face as I touch your lips. I see the need in your eyes as I touch your lips with mine. We kiss again, this time much deeper and much stronger, with more passion. We explore each other with our tongues. We feel a stirring in our souls. We feel the need each other has for the other. We feel a need, a desire which in turn causes us to feel as though we are on fire.

We begin to run our hands up and down each others body. We kiss even deeper and even stronger then before. Finally our lips part. I hold you closer, I smell your hair, everything is just as I have imagined. I kiss your forehead and begin to softly kiss around your face. Paying special attention to your eyes as I softly kiss around them. I kiss down to your neck, then back up to your ear. I softly nibble on your earlobe. Then I run my tongue around it, as I taste it's flavor. I softly return to your lips and kiss you lightly again. I work over to your other ear, then down to your neck. All the while you are moaning with desire and a need for more. You feel a fire and dampness start between your legs. I work back up your neck to your lips. You kiss me with a hunger you have never known or felt before. You pull back a little out of fear, a fear of the unknown. But your need quickly over takes the fear. You begin kissing me softly on the neck. You work your way up to my ears and nibble on their lobes. I too feel a need, a longing, a desire of which I have never felt before.

We both are trembling so hard we can hardly stand. We break our embrace and I rake your hand gently into mine and lead you to the couch. I gently kiss you. Your face is flushed, much the same as my own probably is. I sit you softly on the couch and then join you there.

We begin to kiss again. We start to explore each others bodies with our hands. I run my hand under your blouse, up your back. I feel your soft smooth skin. I reach the strap to your bra, my fingers take it's latch and has it opened within seconds. Your need is very strong and you begin to unbutton my shirt. You run your hands through the hair on my chest. You begin to realize that this isn't a fantasy, but real. We look into each others eyes, I see your need and you see mine.

I pull your blouse off of you, over your head. As I reach the point where it is just ready to slide over your head and off your arms, I reach out with my hand and lightly run my fingers up your ribs under your arm. It tickles, but with a different kind of sensation that you've ever felt. I slide your blouse off the rest of the way and lay it on the arm of the couch. You reach for your unfastened bra, I stop you. I reach for you again and pull you close to kiss you once more. As I pull you closer and our bodies touch, your bra lifts a little, you feel the hair on my chest touch your nipple. The feeling is quite exquisite. You squirm a little, as we continue to kiss, to get both nipples free, so they can touch my body. Your heart races, your breathing gets deeper, you feel as if you are on fire.

As your nipples touch my skin, I feel a stirring in my pants as my cock tries to free it's self from it's confines. It will have to wait, for now is your time. Your time for fulfillment.

We separate from our embrace. I stand and help you up from the couch. You take my hand and lead me to your bedroom. As I walk behind you holding onto your hand, I marvel at the way your hips sway while walking. I can only imagine as to the shape of your ass. I imagine it's softness and it's smoothness, I realize it will only be a matter of moments until I see it's nakedness.

We reach your room and I take you into my arms again. I kiss you and you me back. I sense your need and feel your trembling. I pull back from our embrace and take your bra straps and pull them off your shoulders, letting your bra fall to the floor. You stand there looking at me, wondering if I like what I see.

I look upon your soft full breasts, I see your nipples standing erect, circled by the soft shade of brown. I move closer. You reach for me. You pull me closer and kiss me. Your desire and needs are very strong. You remove my shirt with your hands and let it drop to the floor. You press your body tighter to mine. Feeling the hair on my chest tickle your nipples, which in turn sends shivers up and down your body. All the while we kiss as our tongues explore each others mouths. 

We move closer to the bed while we're kissing. I reach down with my hands and lightly run my finger tips over each nipple. You bite my tongue softly, but with enough force to let me know your passion. I pull back a little and start kissing your face and ears again. Working my way down your neck. Not stopping there I work my way down to your left breast, I kiss it lightly around the nipple. Then I flick your nipple ever so lightly with my tongue. You moan and press forward, I take your nipple into my mouth and run my tongue along your nipple as I suck on it. Your moans get louder, your passion and needs grow stronger. You feel your juices flowing more as your pussy gets wetter. You desire fulfillment even more.

I work across your chest and take your other nipple into my mouth, after kissing around it, I flick it as I have done the other one. I release it from my mouth and start kissing down your body to your stomach. I reach your navel and circle it with my tongue. You arch your back with eyes closed, feeling the passion flow as your breathing becomes deeper.

As I reach for the snap on your pants with my hands, you catch your breath. You know what will happen next and your excitement mounts. I undo your pants and they fall to the floor. You step lightly out of them, one leg at a time. I continue kissing downward. In the mean time running my hands all over your ass. I kiss down to your panties, but I don't stop there. I continue down to the wetness which has soaked them to overflowing. Your breathing gets deeper as you hoarsely say "YES, YES."

I ever so gently reach up to the waistband of your panties and tug down on them. You assist my efforts moving your hips as I work the waistband down. I finally get them to the point where they are leaving your dampness. The air reaches your damp pussy feeling like cool waters being splashed upon the heat of your flames. Sending sensations through your body which only increases your desires. The feelings are so extreme and exquisite that you start to shudder. I take your panties ever so slowly down your legs to your ankles, all the while you feel there dampness along the insides of your legs as they go down. No one has ever done this with you before, the feelings are so unique and different. The fires in your pussy ignite even harder, your breathing gets even deeper. Your passion grows to the point that you think you will explode.

I lift each foot out of your panties now, gently placing them back on the floor one at a time. I take a pace backwards looking at your nakedness. Your beauty is just amazing. You are a beautiful woman, I feel so overwhelmed at your sight. I feel the excitement of such a treasure being offered to me.

I gently push you back onto your bed. Where i again give you a deep kiss. I then gently kiss your face and ears again, stopping only long enough to flick my tongue into your ears. I gently work my way down to your nipples again, taking each one into my mouth and flicking them with my tongue. I lie you completely upon your back as I work my way down to your navel. Where I run my tongue around and around. Your breathing becomes more and more rapid and deeper.

I continue kissing down until I reach your pubic mound. Your hips rise as I get closer. Your desire and passion has your pussy on fire. Your juices flow more as you become even more aroused. All you can think of is your need to cum, and all the different sensations which you are feeling. I get lower, closer, closer, softer kisses, hot breath on your wetness. Your clit quivers as you feel the heat from my breath. I softly kiss down around both sides of your slit. Your smell is exquisite, even better than I hoped. Now I stick my tongue into your slit, tasting your wetness, a taste better than any fine wine or honey I have ever tasted. I run my tongue up your slit to your clit, your body jumps as you climax. I continue to lick and suck on your clit and pussy as wave after wave of pleasure washes over you. You moan even louder as your passion mounts. You feel your head spinning as wave after wave of orgasm racks through your body. I gently put my hand on your slit and insert one finger into your wetness, your pussy clamps down on it as another wave of pleasure washes over you. You moan even louder as your passion mounts. You feel your head spinning as wave after wave after wave of orgasm racks through your body. You bite down on your lips trying not to scream. Oh the pleasure. Oh the exquisite feelings. You never want them to stop. I insert another finger into your pussy and move it in and out of you, keeping rhythm with them and my tongue, to the movement of your hips. You feel one of the most powerful orgasms which you've ever had in your life wash over you. You stop breathing for a moment, your eyes open wide as they glass over from the feelings deep inside you. Your eyes close as a deep sigh escapes your lips. Your hips stop their pumping and quiver inches off the bed. Juices flood my fingers and mouth as you climax like you never have before.

I ease up on the bed next to you and softly caress your body, as the feelings of orgasm slowly subside. You look at me, our eyes meet, and you smile contentedly at me. As you look at me you suddenly realize I still have my pants on. You see the bulge in front and look at it wondering what I might look like, and what it would feel like to have it deep within you.

You get off the bed and take my shoes off and lay them on the floor. You reach up to my belt to undo it, you smile a wicked mischievous smile at me. My heart Leaps as you undo the buckle and reach for the snap on my pants. As you undo the snap and start for the zipper, I stop you. I pull you up to me so I can kiss you. We kiss long and hard, sending shivers down my spine. You then begin kissing me down around my neck and chest, ever so slowly working your way down. You watch my face as you do this for my reaction to your wet kisses. You reach my pants and stop. Getting up so as to slide them down over my legs, all the while grinning at me.

I feel so alive, so wanted, so needed, and a desire which can't hardly be expressed by words. You ease back up to my boxers, you reach for the waistband. You stop, looking at the bulge under the cloth. You seem frozen, looking, wondering, wishing, needing, and hoping. You come back to the moment, gently sliding them down to reveal what lies under the cotton fabric. 

As my cock is exposed for the first time, I hear you catch your breath. You are looking at it in awe, at it's size, and length. Questions enter your mind as to if it will fit inside of you? What it will feel like? What it will taste like? And many, many more such questions. You slide my boxers off my legs and let them fall to the floor. You ease up kissing me along the inside of my legs. It sends shivers through me. I feel your hot breath as you get ever closer and closer to my cock. The need, the desire, the feelings all flooding over me and through my mind. 

You take my cock in your hands, you look at it and marvel at it's uniqueness. You squeeze it gently, sending more shivers through me. You pump up and down on it in a mock impression of fucking. I see you ever so slowly lower your head towards my cock.

You are wondering how it will taste. How will you ever get it all in your mouth? You've never wanted to have a cock in your mouth before, like you want this one. As you get closer I feel your hot breath upon the shaft of my cock. You kiss the tip of it lightly, sending shivers through me once more. You taste the pre-cum on it's tip. Not a bad taste a little salty, but very tasty none the less. You lick along the shaft and down to my balls. Kissing each one lightly, then taking them into your mouth to swirl your tongue around them. I almost loose my control and slip deep into the feeling which overcomes me. I revel in the way your tongue moves around each individual ball. You kiss back up the shaft, licking it every so often. You get to the top, look up at me and smile. I answer your smile with one of my own as I softly caress your shoulders with my hands.

You lower your head, in a moment you'll know the answers to all the questions you had just minutes before. You take the head of my cock into your mouth, I let out a moan despite my efforts not to. The feelings that flood through me are more than I expected and I almost loose it.

You lick around the head of my cock with your tongue, enjoying the feel of it. You ease down taking it deeper into your mouth. You are amazed at how big around it is and how long it is. You continue until you reach the end of it's length, marveling at the fact it hasn't made you want to choke. You begin pumping your head up and down, swirling your tongue around the length and head as you go. You want to taste my semen. You've never wanted to taste anyone's as bad as you do mine right now. You feel a great desire and need for this. You feel my balls tighten and you know it won't be long now.

As you move up and down my shaft, and lick it with your tongue, you send sensations through me which I can only describe as sensational. I feel a need, a need so strong. My balls tighten as I feel the onset of orgasm. I speak for the first time in what seems to be hours as I let you know I'm about to cum. You answer me by moving faster and flicking the end of my cock with your tongue. I release a flow of semen at last as I climax.

You hear what I say and increase your speed and flicks. You sense my balls tightening. You feel the semen flow up my shaft. You take it all in your mouth. You like the taste, you enjoy hearing me moan and ask for more telling you "not to stop."

I'm spent as you lick me clean. You have swallowed all of my cum save for a small trickle out of the corner of your mouth. You ease up to kiss me, wiping the corner of your mouth with your finger. You lick it clean, then kiss me with a passion I've never known before. I taste me on your lips, I enjoy our mixed tastes as we kiss. As we kiss you reach down to play with my cock, and I know it's not over or finished yet. I too reach down and play with your pussy with my fingers as we continue to kiss each other deeply.

It isn't long until I have you moving with your hips to the movement of my fingers. And I know you are close to another orgasm as I insert my finger into your pussy. You continue to fondle my cock and balls with your fingers.

You reach another climax just as my cock starts to harden. And I know the need you have inside you as I too feel this need.

I pull my fingers from your pussy and position myself so my cock will enter you. You raise your hips in anticipation of my entry. I touch your slit with the head on my cock. You moan loudly, you beg me to fuck you. You need me in you. I tease you for a moment. You plead again for me to Fuck you. I slowly insert the tip of my cock into your pussy, your hips raise off the bed. You moan loudly as I ever so gently enter you. Your pussy is still tight and is very sensitive to the touch.

As I enter you slowly you feel the size of me. You feel your pussy being stretched, you think it's going to split you in two. You don't know if I will fit. You feel so full and you know there is more to come, and wonder how it is going to all fit inside of you. Your hips buck involuntarily as the passion and need over takes your body. You reach a point where it doesn't matter if you split in two, you need the feel of my cock in you. You need all of me. Your hips raise higher and higher. You beg and ask for it all. You feel my balls touch your ass finally and you know I've reached my full length. You revel in the feeling of me fully in you. No man has ever made you feel so full or touched you at this depth before. Your head is swimming with all the feelings your pussy is feeling. An animal need over comes you as I start to slowly fuck you. You cry out for me to go faster. I tease you even more by slowly pulling out and going back in. Your pussy walls quiver as you go into the throws of another orgasm. I pick up the tempo a little and you cry out, you need more, you don't want this feeling to ever stop. Wave after wave of orgasm hits you. You don't think it will ever stop, nor do you want it to.

I reach around with both arms still fucking you, I roll us over with you on top. We kiss passionately. You sit up on top of me taking all of my cock deep inside of you. You never dreamed it would feel so good, so full, so wonderful. You ride my cock with a vengeance, like there may never be another time. Who knows, there might not be. I reach up and fondle your tits. I tweak and pull lightly at your nipples. You cry out with pleasure, your tempo increases as you feel another orgasm coming on. Harder, faster, until you climax. Your body goes rigid. You cry out in ecstasy. I feel your pussy trying to pull me deeper inside of you. You collapse on top of me, you don't think you can take much more. Your body answers differently as I reach to caress your ass cheeks. I continue to pump in and out of you. I kiss you softly as I reach the crack of your ass. My fingers touch your asshole, you shudder. I circle it with my finger, reaching down to your slit where my cock is going in and out. I gather a little of your wetness and then bring my fingers back to your asshole where I use it as lubrication to slowly start easing my finger into your ass. You push back against my finger, taking it inside you. I move it slowly in and out of your ass as my cock goes slowly in and out of your pussy.
