 It was a Saturday night; you had a bag slung over your shoulder. The strap angled down between your breasts and the weight of the bag meant that your top was pulled tight over the contours of your body. Looking at you that night, I had an epiphany. Lust surged through me as I was transfixed by the sight of your big breasts jutting out. 

After a nice dinner and a movie we played pool at a bar. We were flirting with each other. I kept moving my body against yours, trying to show you that I was ready for more then just flirting around. Things were starting to get loud at the bar so I asked if you'd like to go somewhere else. You told me that you thought it was time to head home anyway. When we got to your house, on a quiet street, we parked under a tree and began to talk. After about half an hour of chitchat, the conversation turned to love, lust and sex. We talked about our recent relationships and the way we both couldn't seem to find someone decent. 

"It's harder for me though," you said. 

"Why?" I asked. 

"Look at me," you said, a trifle bitterly. 

"You're beautiful." I told you. 

"Just my face? Or my body too?" 

"Well," I said hesitantly, "I can say your face with certainty. But I've only caught glimpses of your body. And I've gotta say, those glimpses leave me wanting more." 

"Really?" you ask, a touch of color creeping into your face. 

I told you about how I'd felt when I'd seen your top stretched over your body, the instant rush of desire that had overwhelmed me. You still didn't seem convinced, so I leaned over and kissed you. You responded with such passion I was surprised. You later told me that you wanted me for a while before that night, and in the lust that was released in that first kiss, I saw that. 

We kissed hungrily, tasting lips and teeth and tongues. Eventually you pulled away. You unzipped your vest and then pulled up your top, revealing your breasts in your bra. They were enormous. I'd never seen anything so sexy. You noticed the obvious bulge in my pants, my raging hardon wanting release. You reached behind and unhooked your bra, letting your huge mounds fall free. I almost came right then and there. Instead, I controlled myself and grabbed onto your delicious tits. I weighed them with my hands, feeling their heft. I squeezed them together roughly and feasted my eyes on the expanse of creamy cleavage I saw. My thumbs moved over her large nipples, stimulating them until they stood straight out. 

Your response was to reach down and undo the button of my pants, unzipping them and then snaking a hand into my boxers to grasp my shaft. You wrapped her hand around it and tugged up roughly, squeezing my cockhead teasingly. 

"I want you," I said urgently, "all of you." 

"Let's go inside," you said. 

You pulled her top down and I tugged my pants up and we headed for the house. Inside, we went straight to your bedroom and collapsed down onto your large bed. We undressed each other quickly, until I was naked and you were just in your panties. We were kissing, but I quickly broke the kiss to lick and nibble my way down to your neck, heading eagerly for the beautiful swells of your breasts. I sucked mouthfuls of flesh in, biting gently. My hands roamed all over the gorgeous expanse of flesh, touching and licking every inch of tit flesh. You loved me squeezing roughly, taking as much of your breasts into my hands as possible and gripping hard. You loved my curling my tongue around her nipples, me taking them between my teeth and flicking my tongue tip rapidly over them. I kept all this up as I slipped one hand down the front of your panties. I got a shock. You were shaved silky smooth and my fingers slipped helplessly over your hairless mound to press against your opening. You were already sopping wet. I traced my fingertips along your thighs, brushing against your pussy lips and took one slowly up your slit to tease over your clitoris with my fingertip. You moaned, bucking your hips against my touch. 

"I want to suck your cock!" you told me. "I want to feel it in my mouth." 

"Only if you let me taste your cunt at the same time" I replied, giving your left breast a hard squeeze. 

Your answer was a sexy gasp. We changed positions, me lowering my cock over your mouth and ducking my own head down to your smooth pussy. You started by licking sexily up and down my rock-hard shaft, flicking your tongue over my cockhead. I spread your pussy lips with my fingers and delicately slithered my tongue into you. The urgent movement of your hips begged for more intense contact and I obliged, spreading you wide and taking a longing look at the glistening pink before I buried my face into you. I pushed my tongue in as deep as I could go, curling and flexing it inside of you. 

You wrapped your lips tightly around my cock and began to fuck your face with my cock. Your tongue danced over my throbbing erection as you took me deep into your mouth. You got more of me into your mouth than any woman ever had before and I loved it. I could feel your throat muscles contracting and relaxing around my cockhead as you lavished attention on my manhood. 

I was alternating between rubbing the flat of my tongue over her clit and vigorously fucking you with as much of my tongue as I could fit when all of a sudden you stopped. 

"Fuck me," you said. "Fuck me now! I want to fuck you." 

I love a woman who takes charge. In seconds, you were guiding my cock into your hot cunt. I loved the feelings, the sensation of my cock spreading your pussy lips, stretching you wide. The exquisite feeling of my cock filling your tight wet cunt drove me wild. I started moving with slow hard strokes, moving out so just my cockhead was nestled into you and then with one swift movement, ramming my cock into you so the entire length was embedded into your slick pussy. Again, after a few minutes of that, you interrupted me. You rolled me over, all the while not letting your pussy slide off me. Then you began to ride me. I will never forget it. It was the most beautiful sight I'd ever seen, your enormous breasts bouncing as you impaled yourself on my cock over and over. 

"God, I love this," you said. "I love having your big cock in me. You like my tight little cunt? You like it sliding up and down you? Yessss, fuck me harder, yes yes yes." 

I reached up and grabbed hold of your swinging breasts, gripping onto them tight. 

"Fuck, I'm going to come," you gasped. 

I pinched your nipples, holding them tight. You reached one hand down and began to rub your clit while you rode me. I tugged one nipple, pulling on it. I could feel my orgasm fast approaching, my cock stiffening and quivering. 

"Fuck yesssss," you hissed, "ram that cock into me, Fucking come into me." 

"Fuck me," I moaned back to you, "ride my cock, you look so fucking gorgeous." 

We came simultaneously, or as close as possible, your velvety wet cunt milking my cock as it spasmed, shooting hot streams of semen into you. I pulled you down to me, sucking your breast eagerly, prolonging your sensations. I felt like my whole body was alight with desire. 

Afterwards, as we lay beside each other, sated, you seemed to become shy again. 

"I loved it," I told you, kissing your thighs, your belly, your breasts, your neck, and your lips. With that the two of us eventually drift off to sleep in each others arms.