 After a very busy week and after you had been away for a weekend wedding with your other extended family, we decided that we needed to have an evening of peace and quiet to ourselves. We essentially shut off the outside world by turning off our phone bells (nothing we needed was going to disturb us anyway) and made sure that we had laid in a good supply of food, wine, firewood and supplies for Jenny.

I was feeling (as were you) that we had simply not spent enough time together; we needed the closeness and we decided to basically do whatever we felt like and as the mood struck us. The house was clean, the laundry was done and we worked together in the kitchen preparing our supper for the evening meal. We decided to keep it light since the day had been quite warm and, even tough the evening was turning chilly, there was still some heat to burn off in the house. I made a tossed salad with flakes of salmon and light raspberry vinaigrette dressing along with some freshly baked French bread from the local bakery and a bottle of our favourite dry white wine (nicely chilled). 

We moved our small table from the kitchen into the living room in front of the quietly burning fire since the house was now slightly chilly. I had lit a few candles around for ambiance and we ate side by side in compatible silence until we were done. I cleared the dishes and moved the table out of the way and then, curling up in my arms on the sofa (we were both wearing our relaxing jeans and white turtle neck sweaters); we turned on a lamp and read the paper and did the crossword together. 

Every once in a while, you turned your head and I leaned down to kiss your honey sweet lips softly and breathed in the sweetness of your skin. We felt the warmth of the fire and our love for each other as it permeated the room! Our bliss was broken by the plaintive cries of Jenny as she announced that she was ready to eat and be changed. It was about 8:00 in the evening by now so we knew she was due. 

We walked together into her room, changed her as she wriggled and cooed, and then I picked her up to hand her into your arms as you sat in the rocking chair. You reached down and lifted your sweater off over your head and sat topless with your gorgeous breasts swinging free as Jen settled into the crook of your arm and you started to stroke her cheek as you sang softly to her. She reached for the nipple you lowered to her hungry lips and she immediately began to suck. 

I stood, as usual, mesmerized at the sight that every time I watched reminded me of a Michelangelo painting of Mary feeding the Baby. The look of love in your eyes as you gazed down at that sweet baby was one of adoration! I never tire of the sight!

Jen soon finished at the one breast and was obviously still hungry so you switched to the other side. I whispered to you that I would go and run you a warm tub since I knew that you were usually achy after a long feeding session. I would have a quick shower first. 

As soon as I finished my shower and donned my short silk robe and boxers and had filled the tub with hot bubbly water, she crept up behind me and kissed me on the neck. 

"Thanks for the tub, darling! I really need it. Why don't you go back downstairs and stoke the fire? I'll join you shortly. OK?" you asked.

Agreeing, I left you to your tub and soon had the fire crackling and a fresh cold bottle of wine in an ice bucket with two cooled glasses at the end of the sofa. I lit several candles around the room in order to give us some more romantic glow to the room and then turned towards the steps as I heard the padding of your bare feet on the steps. My god! What I beheld was a vision of such loveliness that I couldn't breath and my throat went so dry, I dared not try to speak!

You were standing there sheathed in a gossamer thin white gown that fell from the thin spaghetti straps over your shoulders to a gathering under your bountiful breasts and then straight to the floor just barely touching the tops of your feet. It was almost sheer and I could easily see the outline of your slim curvy body through the material in the flickering fire and candlelight! The match I was using to light the candles burned my fingertip and I hastily blew it out and dropped it in the fireplace. Licking my burnt finger, I walked lowly towards you as you did to me; reaching out with my dampened finger tip, 

I lightly moved it across one of your nipples that were already erect from the movement of the sheer silk against them as you came down the stairs. You shuddered slightly as you felt the jolt of electricity flow through you as I teased the nipple so exposed through the almost invisible fabric of your gown! I reached down and brought my lips to yours as I whispered in reverence "You are glorious, my darling!"

I walked around you while you stood there smiling (you had picked this up unbeknownst to me on your out of town trip the weekend before as a surprise); I gazed in wonderment at the back of the gown that plunged so low it showed just the hint of the cleavage between your ass cheeks! I leaned over and blew down your exposed spine and into the loose lower back of the gown into your crack causing you to hiss with delight! Standing, I reached under the loose sides of the gown with my soft hands and upped the weightiness of your full breasts in the palms of my hands as I pulled you gently back against me. You could feel the steel of my hard cock tenting in my silk boxers as it pressed between your legs.

When my fingers brushed your erect and throbbing nipples your legs almost gave out under you as you felt that first orgasmic tremor through your inner core. Supporting you under the arms, as you grew weak in the knees, I waited out the first wave and then pulled my hands from your sides and walked back in front of you. Pulling your barely concealed body into my arms, I rained hot, passionate kisses upon your lips, face and neck until you groaned "No more! Make love to me, my darling!"

I fell to my knees in front of you and placed your hands on my shoulders. Reaching to the hem of your gown, I first picked up one of your delicate feet and sucked in one toe after another as I savored the texture and taste of you. Repeating the action with the other foot, I also licked the bottom of each in turn paying special attention to the sensitive pads just behind the toes. Your fingers dug into my shoulders as you fought off the tingling that shot up to your already glistening pussy!

I slowly – ever so slowly – started to raise the hem of your almost weightless gown and while so doing, lightly ran my fingertips up your calves as I followed with my warm wet tongue. As I left a trail of dampness behind, I blew gently on it creating a coolness that sent shivers of anticipations up to your most private core! As I reached your knees, I paused for a few minutes to pay proper homage to the extra nerve endings secreted behind them and nipped and licked until I could smell the overwhelming scent of your arousal as your cum started to flow down your legs! Not wanting to miss a drop of this nectar, I continued up your inner thighs until my tongue met the stream of that enticing flow and I lapped it up eagerly!

I felt one of your hands leave my shoulder and, glancing up, saw that you had pushed one shoulder strap off to expose a heaving tit and your fingers were tugging and twisting the hard engorged nipple! This only hastened my journey upwards until I had covered your pussy. By now, with the gown almost around your waist, you have been able (and more than eager) to spread your legs wide – with my wide open mouth while my tongue is plunging in as fast and far as it can go. My face is virtually covered with your cum as your orgasms are almost one after another now! As I take your large hard clit between my lips and suck it repeatedly and firmly, you cry out that you are cumming again and again as you flood my mouth with your sweet thick cum! Glory! How I love that taste – I want to drink you dry!!

I finally stand up – with your shaky help – and pull that beautiful gown off over your head leaving you standing in my arms totally and wonderfully naked. You move closer and untie the sash of my short silk robe and slide it off my shoulders to the ground. All I have left are my much-tented silk boxers and you pull out the waistband to pull them down over my raging hard cock. I step out of them and kick them away. I reach around you to cup your rounded ass and you jump up into my arms wrapping your smooth slim legs tightly around my waist I can feel the heat flowing downwards over the head of my cock as your wet wide spread pussy meets my precum coated cock!

With your arms wrapped tightly around my neck and your legs high and tight around my waist, I lower you slowly until my cock slips between your outer labia. You moan as I lower you still further; then further again until you are completely impaled on my rigid 7"cock! 

Using the leverage of your arms and legs and with your bum supported on my palms, you start to lift and rock faster and faster as I hold you suspended. Your back arches so much as you throw your head back as you orgasm again that I can reach the tip of your tits and can grab your nipple once after the other between my teeth. As I pull on them with a gentle nipping, your pussy spasms around my cock as your cum bubbles out of your hot cunt! There is so much cum that as I plunge into you it is almost literally beaten into froth and this covers my cock and balls as I swell within you and then shoot load after load of my own thick cum to mix with yours!

We are still crying out as we cum together as the back of my knees hit the edge of the sofa and we fall backwards with you still holding my ongoing hardness inside you! Now, with your weight off my arms, I start to sink my cock upwards into you as you drop onto me until we are both in the throes of yet another climax together! We both just keep flowing and your head falls onto my shoulder to catch your breath.

You nibble on my sensitive ear lobe and whisper, "That was absolutely the best we have had for a long time! I should go away for a few days more often" you laugh.

"Not a chance! I couldn't bear to be parted for than a few hours and you know I am always hard whenever you are next to me" I tell her. "We need to be close enough to do this anytime we want or need to; right?"

You nod your agreement as you squeeze my cock with the strong muscles of your pussy and my softening member slides out of that warm sanctuary I love so much.

We curl up in each other's arms on the sofa as the fire dies to embers and then, I carry your sleepy body upstairs to our bed where we fall sound asleep cuddled up together.