 I had never done any chatting online until a friend introduced me to a game site which involved chatting. The first few times were nothing spectacular. I had been playing cribbage mostly. One day I decided to go to dominoes. That’s when everything changed. 

I started playing with this guy. I checked out his profile, which I find most chat rooms have. It was very interesting. We had a lot of the same interests. Well, mostly sex and…. more sex. So I started a flirty chat with him, just to see where it would go. Surprisingly I found myself getting very aroused. 

Our writing quickly grew more erotic and we began to share more details about ourselves to each other. We began to talk more and more – almost every day. As we got to know each other we realized we had a lot of the same fantasies. We haven’t actually met; this will be our first time. 

We have arranged to meet at an airport in a small city near where I live. I am wearing the outfit he sent me. A white sheer blouse unbuttoned halfway to my naval, (no bra of coarse) a silky black micro mini skirt, (no panties) and 3” black high heels.

The black and white theme will play out. You see I am very pale white with dark hair and eyes. I recently found out that he is black Puerto Rican. My heart did a jump when I found that out. I’ve fantasized about having a man like that. But I’m very nervous since we all know the stories about black men being “large” and I’ve heard that Puerto Ricans are incredible lovers. I just hope I wont be a disappointment to him. 

I hear his flight being announced arriving at gate 2. I move to sit so that I’m facing the gate so I can see him the instant he comes in. He sent me a picture so I would know whom to look for.

Is that him? He is even more handsome in person. He’s wearing a black suit jacket and pants with a white shirt. His tie is loosened at the neck. I’ve always known he cares very much for his appearance. Mmmm – this man is so fine.

I stand to greet him. He has a big smile on his face (a “Kool-Aid” smile we like to call it). He walks up to me, looks me up and down, drops his carryon bag on the floor, and heaves a big sigh as he wraps his arms around me for the first time. He feels so strong. He breathes heavily on my neck and whispers, “You look so good in that outfit. Better than I could have imagined.” He then pulls his head back, looks me in the eyes and kisses me passionately, hard on the lips. His hands slide down to my ass and give it a big squeeze, and in doing so lift my skirt so that the bottoms of my ass cheeks are exposed. I hear women gasp in distaste, but the men are chuckling and smiling. 

I’m having a very hard time controlling my self. This man, this beautiful man has just given me the most passionate kiss I have felt in ages. I can feel my pussy starting to moisten with just the kiss.

“Let’s go get my bag,” he says as he leads me away toward the baggage claim. As we reach the turntable I cant control myself any longer. I wrap my arms around him and start to kiss him again. Passionately nibbling on his lips, my tongue probing his warm, sweet mouth. As he gives his tongue to me I gently suck on it and squeeze it giving him a small ample of what my mouth is capable of. He moans, “Wait baby, there’s my bag.” 

As he picks up his bag I rub his ass and back. I haven’t dared to touch his front yet, still nervous as to what I might find.

“Are you wearing any jewelry?” he asks

“Of coarse for you.” I answer as I flash him a boob to show him a nipple ring very quickly.

“Mmmm – anything else you want to show me?” he asks with that big old Kool-Aid smile.

I take his hand and guide it to my moist pussy so he can feel the clit holder- the silver one with red beads, my favorite. Just the touch of his hand there sends me reeling, wanting more. We are walking outside now to the parking lot and to my pickup. We walk around to the back of my truck and he puts his bag in. I move in between him and the tailgate so that my breasts are rubbing on his chest. It’s a little chilly out and my nipples are very hard. As he looks down at me I know he can see down into my blouse. I take off his tie. I unbutton some of his shirt buttons. And slowly run my hands down his chest, his bell and finally to rest where I’ve been so afraid to touch. Mmmm – his cock is already hard and large, as I had expected. 

He reaches behind me and puts the tailgate of my truck down. He then lifts me up and sits me on the edge. He spreads my legs and takes a step forward so he’s standing between them pressing his groin into me. He grabs the back of my hair and pull my head back so he has full access to my neck. He knows what I like. He bites and sucks on my neck. I’m getting wetter and hotter by the second. “We’ve waited to long for this.” He says to me.

“Yes.” I agree with him.

I reach between us and unbuckle his belt, and then I unbutton his pants and slowly unzip them as he is supporting my back and kissing his way down to my breasts. I reach in and pull out his large black cock. (He doesn’t wear underwear either – I like that.) I start to stroke it with my hand, up and down. It’s so hard and long. Longer than what I’m used to. “You’ll have to be gentle with me.” I tell him.

“I don’t know baby, you’ve been asking for this for quite a while.” He says wickedly. I give him a look of panic. “Don’t worry baby, everything will be fine.” He tells me. That comforts me. I guide his cock to my waiting wet pussy. I slowly let it rub on my clit and then down to my wet opening. As I look down I notice the contrast between his dark skin and my milky white skin. Mmmm – I love the look.

“Mmmm.” He moans as he slides into me. Stretching me. I can feel his large head, the contours moving inside me deeper and deeper. I feel like he’s in as far as he’ll go, but he keeps pushing. Stretching me wider and further. I let out a deep moan. I reach my arms around his shoulders to position myself on him better. He lifts me up and is supporting me on his hips, looking me in the eyes as my eyes go wide and it seems as though he’s filling me up to my chest. I can feel him deeper inside me than I’ve ever felt before. 

He sits me back down on the tailgate and starts to move in and out of me. Pumping very slowly at first. Very gently trying not to hurt me. 

Some people come into the parking garage and walk right by us. Whether they didn’t notice what we were doing or chose to ignore us I’m not sure. But they kept walking and we kept fucking.

Suddenly he stops and pulls out of me. “Turn around.” He demands. I obey. I stand on the ground and lean over the tailgate. He then places his cock back into my opening and with one fast thrust shoves it in as far as it will go. I let out a loud scream of pleasure. He fills me so much. He starts to pump harder and faster. He’s a bit taller than me and I’m having a hard time keeping my feet on the ground. He’s slamming me so hard that my whole truck is rocking forward and back with our rhythm.

Without warning I explode. A gush of my juices runs down my legs. He cums at the same time as me. I feel his burning hot load erupt into my pussy as he lets out a deep guttural moan.

He helps me back to the ground and I fix my skirt and blouse a he does the same with his trousers. He smiles and points over to another car. “See what you started?” 

I look over and the couple that walked by us earlier is fucking in their car. She’s moaning quite loudly as I’m sure she’s on the edge of ecstasy by the sounds. We smile at each other and get into my truck. 

I start to drive him to the hotel where I have already gotten a room for us. As I’m driving he puts one hand on the back of my neck and the other is rubbing up and down my thigh. I can tell he’s already ready for round 2. His fingers brush my ear (which is a very sensitive spot for me) Chills run down my spine. He leans over and whisper in my ear, His hot breath so distracting that I don’t even know what he has said and it doesn’t matter because now he is nibbling on my ear. Sending continuous chills throughout my body. His hand is riding higher up my thigh. It is getting very hard to drive. I try to hurry to the hotel. 

It’s to late. He’s got his fingers in my pussy and playing with my clit. I have to pull over. “You should stop so we can get to the room.” I plead

“Can’t. You are to tempting.” Is his reply in a deep soft breathy whisper.

He reaches across me and lays my seat back. “I want to taste that sweet pussy of your that I have been smelling for the past three months on those panties you sent me.” He lifts my skirt and starts to kiss my thighs. Slowly working his way up to my dripping wet, hot mound. I’m already so sensitive that just his breath is sending me spiraling down to the depths of delight. I can barely control myself. I’m moaning and making noises that are beyond my control. I’m squirming under his touch. His tongue so stiff rubbing my clit, his fingers bent upward tickling my g-spot. Then he reaches to my ass and gently presses a finger to my rectum. That is the final push; he doesn’t even penetrate my rectum but sends over the edge with rapture. As I again cum for him in a gush, uncontrollable tears stream down my cheeks. He comes up to my face and kisses my tears away. “Would you like me to drive?” he asks. 

“Maybe you’d better.” I answer still trembling from the orgasm. I straighten the seat and lift up to climb over him. As I straddle him, he grabs my hips and pulls me down onto him. I can feel his very hard cock through his trousers. He smiles and then lets go to climb into the drivers seat. He heads in the direction I tell him the hotel is in.

I smile now. As I reach my hand over to his thigh and start to rub him. I lean over kissing his neck. I unbutton his shirt and begin to kiss down his chest. “You should stop so we can get to the hotel.” He says with a huge grin.

“Can’t. You’re to tempting.” I grin back as I undo his pants once again. I start to lick the head of his cock. Then I lick down the back of the shaft. My hot saliva is making him wet and slippery. He is pulsing under my tongue. I can tell he’s having a difficult time regulating the trucks speed, as he wants to just floor the gas pedal. I take his cock into my mouth – about half way for now. I’m still adjusting to his size. As I start to bob up and down on him I can feel him tensing. Suddenly there is a hand on the back of my head coaxing me to take more into my mouth. It’s very difficult for me but I manage to figure out how to open my throat and get past the gag reflex. I have almost his whole cock in my mouth now as he is guiding my head up and down. Mmmm – he’s swelling I can taste the pre-cum, he’s going to cum in my mouth. All of a sudden he holds my head down as far and hard as he can. With a loud groan he shoots another hot load right down the back of my throat. This does start to make me gag. But he loosens his grip and I am able to suck up every last drop of his hot salty juices. I get up and straighten my self out. He looks at me, smiles and points to my lower lip. I look in the mirror and my lips are puffy and glistening with his cum. I just lick them off. As I look around we’ve gone past the hotel. I tell him to turn around. 

We finally make it to the hotel. The room I’ve rented has a large Jacuzzi bath for two. A small kitchenette off a sitting/dining area and a large master bedroom with a king sized bed. 

Once in the room he pulls me to him and says, “I don’t care if we ever leave this room. I just want to spend every minute with you.” I feel like melting looking into his soft brown eyes. 

“Let’s take a bath and cuddle for a while.” I suggest.

“Sounds great.” He responds.

I go and draw a bath, nice and hot with lots of bubbles. I climb in and call to him. He comes in and takes off his clothes. “Get in front of me baby. I’ll wash your back.” He does. I love how his skin looks when he’s wet, shiny, brown like a nice cool fudgesicle on a hot summer day – Refreshing. I just want to eat him up. I wrap my legs around his waist and start kissing his back as I’m pouring warm water over him. He relaxes and leans back against me, pressing my breasts into his back. Seeing my fair arms and legs against his dark skin is getting me aroused again. I had always dreamed of being with a black man but I never dreamed in a million years that it would happen. Everything about him turns me on, his voice, his confidence, and his strength. He makes me feel so safe.

I lift him forward a little and stand up. “Slide back Baby.” I request. As he does I straddle his legs and sit down on him again wrapping my legs around his waist. My breasts are at just the right height for him to suck and nibble on. His arms around my back, I can feel his strong hands opened wide pressing me into him harder. I can feel his member getting hard again so I reach between us and start to stroke and play with him. I lean over kissing his lips softly, my tongue darting, licking his lips. His hands press harder into my back, pressing my breasts against him. His grip is becoming tenser. I feel his hips starting to gyrate against me. The water in the tub is sloshing and splashing. “Relax Baby. Slow down, we have all night.” I tell him as I lift my behind a little bit and move to sit my self on his cock. He fills me so well – Its like we were made for each other. I move forward and back, up and down on him. Pumping his cock into me. He leans his head back on the edge of the tub, his eyes closed. I kiss his neck, his chest as I thrust myself on him.

This session is a lot slower and less urgent than the times before. This time is our chance to explore each other and love each other. He rubs my back, my hips, and my thighs. Then back up to rub my hips, then my belly, and my breasts. He pulls me to him and takes one of my nipples into his mouth and gently rolls his tongue around on it, bringing it to a hard peak. Then he gives it a little nibble, which sends an electric shock through my belly to my groin. He then repeats the process on the other breast again sending a shock to my groin. His hands slide down to my hips and he begins to guide my movements on his shaft.

I put my hands on his shoulders to stabilize myself. His shoulders are so strong and muscular. I pull my feet up beside his hips to give myself more leverage and a better ability to move on him. He looks up at me and says, “Let’s go in the bedroom Baby. I want to see all of you.” I smile and stand right in front of him with my legs still on either side of his hips. 

“Is this the all of me you want to see?” I ask with a huge grin.

“Mmmm yes Baby.” He says as he reaches up and squeezes my ass. “But lets go.”

I climb out of the tub and grab a towel. “Wait.” He says 

“What?” 

He grabs the towel and begins to dry me off inspecting, learning every detail of my body. He starts at the front on my shoulders and works his way down my abdomen kissing my belly on the way. Drying my hips, my thighs, and my calves. As I watch him I cant help but notice how pale I am compared to him. He tells me to turn around. I do. He starts to dry back up my calves, my thighs (kisses the backs of my knees), my ass (kissing that too), and my back. When he’s finished I return the favor and dry him completely. Working down the front, stopping at his cock and giving it a quick lick and suck. Gently drying between his legs and down. He turns without me having to ask. I hadn’t noticed before but MAN, does he have a nice ass. I can’t help but give it a little bite on my way by. I continue up kissing his back as far as I can reach. He is about 8 inches taller than me.

He then takes my hands and walks me to the bedroom. He lies down on the bed and puts up one finger and curls it in a “come here” motion. I climb up on the bed and crawl towards him, cat like. He gets the picture and says, “ You are my hot little Pussy.” I just say, “Meow” and smile.

I again climb on top of him, rubbing his chest. He reaches up and pulls me to him. He gives me a very deep, passionate kiss. His tongue probing deep into my mouth. His lips pressing hard against mine, forcefully yet not hurting me. Suddenly he throws me over onto the bed and crawls on top of me. “I hope you’re ready for a long night.” He says with a wicked grin. 

“As long as it’s with you.” I reply

“Are you my HFC?” he asks. (Hot fucking cunt – he calls me this from time to time)

“Yes and I want your BPRC!” I reply. (Black Puerto Rican Cock) we use the initials to get around IM’s at work. “Talk to me in Spanish.” I request. He knows I love it and it drives me crazy – even when I don’t understand what he’s saying. 

He starts talking to me only in Spanish. It sounds so sexy. I grab him and pull him closer, pressing him into my chest. He pulls away and sits back on his knees, lifting my legs up to his shoulders. “Watch.” He tells me as he starts to slide his black cock into my light pink pussy. The contrast is beautiful. I love to watch him sliding in and out of me. His cock all shiny covered with my juices. I reach down and start to play with my clit as he is watching. My long fingernails rubbing and probing. He’s so hard and feels like he’s getting harder inside of me. I’m getting so hot and wet and I start to buck against him. He reaches his hands down to support my ass, squeezing and massaging. Then I feel a finger again on my rectum. “I’m going to get you used to this so I can shove my cock in there.” He tells me. I’m very nervous about that. He is so large I can barley take him in my pussy; I can’t imagine him in my virgin ass. It’s as though he can read my mind. “Don’t worry Baby. I would never hurt you. And I would never push until your ready.” I’m relieved. 

He puts his finger in my pussy along side his cock, collecting juices for lubrication. He then moves his finger back to my ass and starts to gently press against my anus. I can feel myself spiraling back up to place he loves to send me. This feeling in my ass is so intense and new. I start to tremble and quiver at his touch. Slowly he is push his finger further and further inside of me. With every push a new wave passes over my body. I’m no longer in control. He has total control of me. I feel like I’m floating above to bed about five feet. His finger is in me as far as it will go now, and he’s ramming it in and out, sending waves of pleasure over my body. 

I’m moaning very loudly and arching to meet him. He’s pumping his cock and his finger into me so fast. I’m dizzy, the room is spinning, and He’s swelling so much inside of me that it feels as though he is going to tear me apart. He pulls his finger out of my ass and grabs my hips for leverage and slams into me with all of his force, groaning with every thrust. I’m moaning and screaming, “ Oohhhhhhhh Baby, Yes Baby.” Finally he shoots his hot load into me like a bullet from gun. I erupt in the most powerful orgasm I’ve ever had. Both of us covered with cum. It’s running down his legs and my ass. As we slow and start to come back to earth, he pulls out of me, puts my legs down and lies beside me. He pulls me so that my back is to him and our bodies curve together perfectly. He places his still hard cock back inside me, wraps his arms around me and we fall asleep. (For a few hours anyway until he wakes me up with his cock growing hard in me again. – But I’ll save that for another story. ;-)