 This story was written for me by someone very dear to my heart. It has been posted with his permission. I hope you enjoy reading it as much as I did. 

___________________________ 

I had kneeled down before her; her muscular thighs were wrapped around my neck. Her pussy must have been dripping with anticipation for quite some time as I could see the cum glistening off her glowing skin. I stared in amazement at all her beauty before I slowly licked the cum off her inner thighs and made my way up each one of her legs, just stopping short of that beautiful, sweet smelling pussy. After taking in every last drop of her, I slowly worked my way back toward the source, gliding my tongue in slow circles around her hard clit and wet lips.

The build-up became too much, she grabbed my head and pulled it in; telling me to lick harder and faster. I was completely under her command and abided by her wish - licking harder and faster as her legs wrap tighter around my neck and pulled me in. I felt her cum dripping out of her hole faster as her muscles began to contract. Anticipating her orgasm, I inserted a finger between her swollen lips and began fucking her with it. "Faster! Harder!" she moaned loudly as her hips rose off the cum soaked sheets. As her release was upon her, the contraction of her muscles squeezed my finger like a vice as her whole body spasmed and released cum all over my face.

As her body relaxed and her ass slowly made its way back down on to the bed, I continued to slowly lick her cum off her inner thighs and pussy. The task was daunting – her nectar continuously flowed from her hole as it pulsated with pleasure. The slow licking and teasing began her build up all over again. Her jump straight back into ecstasy immediately after cumming so hard caught her off guard. Under her ever deepening moans, she commanded me to stop eating her pussy and fuck her with my hard cock.

She pulled me up toward her and used her hand to guide me inside her wet, awaiting hole. It took little effort to penetrate the lovely folds of her pussy due to the extreme wetness generated from me fucking her with my tongue and finger. "Take it slow and just fuck me with the swollen head of your cock." she told me. I did not hesitate to obey her wishes. I slowly pushed the tip inside her awaiting folds then pulled it back out making sure not to insert any of my shaft inside her. It only took a few strokes before she began moaning louder and in quicker succession.

Her legs wrapped around my waist. She controlled my thrusting by pulling me inside her with her powerful legs, but stopping me from going too deep by placing her hands on my hips... being sure to control the entire motion of my body like a composer in a symphony - to be fucked just how she wanted to!

But... this was our second encounter. Our first encounter started a few years back after she became my new boss and was visiting from the corporate office. 

I watched her walk down a long corridor, her long dark hair around her shoulders, walking with a confidence not seen in many women. Her short mint-colored skirt came down to her knees exposing her long, sexy legs.

As she approached me, she introduced herself and I did the same. She immediately asked if we could speak privately in one of the conference rooms to go over work details and get to know each other.

I pointed out the conference room behind us, which was a short walk down the same hallway. As we turned toward the conference room, she took the lead walking a short distance in front of me. I couldn't help but gaze down at her sexy ass as it moved up and down from her sleek high heels.

I dared not stare too long in case she happened to turn her gaze in my direction, but the quick glances I happened to sneak in were enough to get my imagination working in overdrive – What was she wearing under that form fitting skirt? What would be my chances of sleeping with her? What would she be like? All those questions would remain unanswered as we made our way into the conference room.

I took a seat at the head of the table while she began to sit at my right side. It was early in the morning and the sun pierced through the windows, illuminating her fantastic figure. Before I could visually take in all of her beauty, she sat down. As she did so, her sleek, slender legs were slightly open, exposing herself and answering one of the wild questions going through my mind as we made our way down the hallway earlier – she was wearing, what appeared to be matching light green or white pair of panties. Because of how the light began to make a shadow between her legs as she sat, it was hard to determine the exact color. But whatever the color was, they were covering up, what I could only imagine to be, a very glamorous pussy! A woman who looked as good as she did and carried herself the way she did – I had no doubt it must have been fabulous!

Once she was totally seated, she trained her piercing eyes in my direction. I quickly turned my gaze up to make eye contact even though every ounce of my being wanted to stare down between her legs for an eternity.

She asked me a few introductory questions and we made small talk. A few minutes later, she leaned back in the oversized chair. Now, I was accustomed to how these chairs moved and how far they leaned back, but she had not been exposed to this. In the moment she leaned back in the chair, the backward momentum took her by surprise and she must have thought the chair was going to tip. To balance herself and keep herself from falling back, even though this would not have happened, she put her arms out and spread her legs to get a better footing on the ground.

What another perfect view up her skirt! Her legs spread open enough to get a great view of the plump beauty that hid beneath all those layers of clothing. Oh how I wanted to jump forward to grab her and somehow end up with my face planted firmly between her legs, catching a whiff of her pussy. Did she notice me directing my gaze at here earlier? Was she wet thinking about it? All this would remain unanswered as she quickly regained balance, sat up straight and laughed the incident off. Did she know she had just exposed herself to me? Maybe she was just playing if off as nothing had happened? In any event, my mind was instantly thinking of other things besides small talk. My cock, tongue and fingers eagerly wanted underneath her panties; to slowly penetrate her lush lips and taste her cum.

It would be many years before the right moment would present itself and make all those thoughts so many years ago come to fruition. Was it worth the wait... all I can say is my cock had never been so eager to be inside that sexy woman a second time as once could never be enough – how could it ever be! The smell and taste of her perfect pussy is all that had been on my mind since our first intimate encounter. The way her cum rolled off my fingers as she placed them in my mouth so I could lick them clean of that sweet juice. The way my hard, throbbing cock slowly spread her dripping lips apart as I penetrated her very essence. The way she moaned and thrashed about the bed as she orgasmed was, and will always be, imprinted in my mind.

Our first time happened during a business trip to southern California where we shared the same hotel. After our work day, she had sent me a simple text telling me to meet her in her room at six o'clock. 

As the time reached six, I made my way down the long, empty hallway of the hotel where we had planned our secret rendezvous. My phone rang and I pulled my phone out of my pocket. I looked at the screen and instantly recognized the number as hers – the one who was about to show me some of the greatest pleasures I had ever experienced. My voice cracked with anxiety and anticipation as I said hello. I instantly recognized the voice on the other end as hers – it was sultry and oozed of sex appeal as she spoke: "Don't bother knocking. Just come in." she told me. Immediately after, she hung up without another word. 

My blood began to flow with anticipation not knowing what I was in store for – was she just sitting in her room eating a late dinner? Was she hanging out with others at the hotel she had arrived in town with for business? Was she dressed to the nine's wanting to go out on the town? Perhaps, and what I was praying for, she was laying on the bed naked or in a sexy bra and panty set - just enough to cover up her juicy pussy and voluptuous breast, but enough to create that sexual tension she knew would make me hard at the sight of her beautiful body. 

With baited breath, I reached for the door handle and slowly opened it. As the door quietly creaked open, I could see the room was very dimly light. I immediately discounted most of my preconceived notions of her having company or wanting to leave the room for the night – she must have been ready to deal out some pleasure and pain. Both of which I was ready to take as soon as she could deal it. 

I continued opening the door and peeked around it slowly. Maybe I was teasing myself by prolonging the anticipation as long as possible, or maybe I was trying to tease her by waiting as long as possible before she could see me even though we had seen each other just a few hours prior during our busy work day. This, of course, was so different than just gazing at each other at work and thinking of every possible sexual act we wanted to do to each other when this moment finally came – we were about to fully engage in everything we had teased each other about for weeks. After all our talking, emails and text messages containing the most sexual content two coworkers could possibly share, the moment was finally here... we were going to share each other in ways most people could only dream of. 

As these thoughts raced through my head, I realized I had fully entered the room. The lights were off and the only light that illuminated the plainly decorated room was beaming through the window from a street light in the parking lot. My eyes were immediately drawn to the sexiest silhouette I had seen. Her amazing figure stood there like a statue. In that sexy, low voice I heard earlier on the phone, she told me to close the door. Unable to take my gaze from her body, I reached behind me and closed the door. 

As my eyes slowly adjusted to the dim room, I could make out that she was only wearing a bra and panties. But to my dismay, I could not see any more detail of her sexy body, but was it necessary? I think not. That perfect silhouette standing in the shadows would have been enough to get any man in their right mind as hard as they had ever been; and I was not immune to her beauty - I could feel a bulge slowly growing in my pants as I took her all in. 

"Take your pants off and get on the bed without any questions." I was told. I don't think I could have taken my pants off any faster than what I did in that moment. As my pants came down, my already hard cock was standing straight up with the anticipation of what was about to happen and of that burning image of the woman in the shadows. I jumped on the bed, lying flat on my back with my hard member throbbing with anticipation. 

She told me she loved how my hardness looked and how she wanted it in her mouth. She continued, telling me she was going to put my hard cock in her mouth and lick it with her tongue until I came in her mouth. "Would she swallow?" I thought to myself. I had little doubt she would, but she was on a different level at this point and I did not know what sexy surprises she had in store for me...you bet I was fully willing to find out! 

As she slowly walked toward the bed with her figure still clocked in shadow, I could barely make out that she was wearing a dark colored lace bra and matching panties. Just enough mystery to keep my imagination rolling full throttle but giving just enough to make the moment surreal. Was she going to get naked with me or was she just going to tease me until I begged her to reveal her plump breast and wet pussy to me? I would bet on, and secretly wanted, the latter, but I know I was in for the night of my life and knew I would not want it to end no matter what plans she had in store for me. With that thought, I believe I wanted her to tease me to my limits and have her way with me...I was torn. 

As the wild thoughts passed through my mind, she had crawled on top of me and closed my legs together so she could straddle them down by my ankles. Looking down at me, she slowly ran her fingers up the inside of my legs toward my blood filled cock while telling me not to move until she said it was ok. Without question or saying a word, she knew I was in full compliance and agreement with her demands.

As she made her way up to my eagerly awaiting cock, she finally made contact and wrapped her hands around it. She paused for what felt like an eternity as her hands caressed me. In my mind, I was screaming for her take it in her mouth as she had promised or to stroke it off. Alas, her hands began working their way up and down her sex toy without resistance or movement from me. She continued to pleasure me like this while I was helpless to intervene or return the favor in kind out of fear she would stop and make me pay a hefty toll for my defiance. 

The temptation for me to move, to throw her on her back and thrust myself into her was so overwhelming, but I held fast, obeying her earlier commands. Her soft hand stopped mid-stroke as she sated "Nice. You are doing good. Let's see how long you last now!" With her hand still on my engorged cock, she fully seated herself on my lower legs. I instantly felt the warmth and wetness of her pussy through her panties. I had instant flash backs to how she had been teasing me about her wet panties for weeks – without a doubt, she knew exactly what she was doing and what would drive me over the edge. Would I cum before she could even get her mouth around my cock? Was that her plan? I was not sure I could hold it much longer if she was going to continue to rest that beautiful wetness on me. But I would do my best. 

She must have read my mind as she started to bend over and place my hardness deep in her mouth. As promised, she used her tongue in such a way it felt as good as being inside her tight, wet hole. What a feeling! 

After a short period of riding my cock with her mouth, she suddenly stopped. Not saying a word or making any further motions, she looked at me again with those deep, piercing eyes that were bleeding sex. Then she moved. Slowly creeping up my legs until her wetness was planted firmly on my hard cock. She was so wet. If it wasn't for the sleek fabric of her panties, I would have thought she was not wearing them anymore. "Put your hands up over your head and don't move." she told me. My hands quickly shot up over my head as the rest of my body remained as still as possible. 

She bent over me some more, grabbing my wrist and placing her perfectly formed tits in my face. She began rocking back and forth on my cock with her cum soaked panties. If I thought I was going to explode before, I had another thing coming – this was a ride I would never forget. She was so erotic and sexual, I was not sure how long I would last. The urge to take her right there was so overwhelming, all I wanted to do was pull those panties to the side and let my cock slide into her warm wetness. But, I dared not make such a move or tell her how much I wanted her out of fear she would stop – I wanted her so bad but the feel of her wetness on me felt so good. It felt so right. Being with her in this moment was all I wanted. 

I think she knew I was getting ready to release by how much my cock was throbbing as it was being stroked back and forth on her wet crotch. She stopped again and asked what I wanted. "I want your wet pussy in my mouth." I replied. 

"Wrong answer!" she told me. "I don't want to hear your dirty mouth for a while!" she exclaimed.

She let go of my wrist and sat up; pulling off her dripping panties while I lay there without movement or speaking a word. She dangled them in my face and asked me if I liked how they smelled. Before I could reply, she began to rub all that sweet smelling wetness on my mouth and face. After getting my face as wet as she was, she told me to open my mouth. I complied. As promised a week earlier, she stuck her cum soaked panties in my mouth. Even though I was compelled to remain silent as demanded by my lover, she now made the feat an impossibility with this act of physically gagging me so I could not defy her wishes. 

While still keeping eye contact with me, she dismounted me and made her way toward the dresser at the foot of the bed. As she turned toward the dresser, I couldn't help but gaze at her perfectly formed ass as it moved within the shadows of the room. "What was she doing?" I thought to myself. I immediately had an answer to my inquiry as I heard the crack of some type of whip or leather belt. Admittedly, the sudden snap of the device she had retrieved made me jump and sent a chill down my spine. "Was she going to play with this thing or was she actually going to use it on me?" I think I was about to find out! 

She turned quickly back around to face me and simultaneously cracked, what I could now determine to be, a whipping crop. Yes. The same type of crop seen in in any of your favorite S&M movies or books. I had never experienced this type of sexual pleasure, or would it be pain, but I felt strangely comfortable with what was about to transpire in the hands of this beautiful creature.

"Are you worried? Are you scarred?" she asked. Because of my previous gagging, I was unable to verbally answer her questions. "I guess you are in no position to answer my questions, are you?" she stated as she exposed a sexy grin, which also had a vibe of evil intent. "Good. Now you must pay for talking dirty to me!" she exclaimed. I desperately wanted to tell her I only expressed how much I would have loved to have her wet pussy under my tongue while slowly putting my fingers deep inside her and bring her to a screaming orgasm. After which, I would slowly pull my fingers out of her vice-like grip and lick her cum off my fingers. But again, these could only be my inner thoughts as I was already about to be punished for my foul mouth. I could only hope to hold out, take my just punishment and pray she would allow me to fulfill my appetite with her juices.

She walked to the side of the bed and snapped the crop in her open palm. "I'm going to punish you now." she stated. "If you want me to stop, nod your head now and we will stop."

"What did she mean by 'stop'? Would she put the crop away and we would continue from the point before she got up from the bed or would she ask me to leave?" I asked myself. Not wanting to give up experiencing my lovers wrath, I kept my head as still as possible to eliminate any misleading signs of quitting. 

She gave off a low chuckle as I lay there stiff and in silence. "Let's proceed." she stated. SMACK! I felt a quick snap on my leg that reminded me of being hit with a belt. But this was so much more - this was not only pain, but it actually turned me on being hit by her instrument of punishment. I think I liked this! 

She paused slightly as if waiting for me to protest against her actions or maybe she was targeting her next strike point. "Please don't whip my cock! Please. Anywhere but there!" I thought to myself. But again, I had a strange sense of trust with her that I could not imagine having with anyone else... I would let her have at me as she pleased.

She carefully chose her points of contact to inflict maximum pleasure and pain – a feat I would say required a great deal of practice, heavy Fifty Shades of Grey reading or some serious internet reading. In any event, she was quite careful not to leave any lasting marks that would be a sign of our adventures together. 
