 My heart was pounding as I anticipated your arrival. I felt nervous yet excited at the same time. Finally after many months of talking we would meet in person.

I just got out of the shower and couldn't decide what I would wear for you. Sifting through my underwear drawer I decided on a lacy light pink bra and extremely small light pink g-string. I always thought the bra made my tits look fantastic and I knew you would enjoy it.

First, I started to smooth some body lotion on my freshly shaved legs. I imagined you running your fingers lightly up and down them. I kept thinking how I knew you would pay special attention to every part of me, as I continued to massage the lotion all over my naked body. That unforgettable aching and tingling feeling started to intensify between my legs. God I wanted you to touch me so badly. 

My hands wandered over my breasts, over my stomach and right to where I wanted it the most. My middle finger grazed over the hood of my clit, I shivered. I couldn't believe how turned on I was already and I hadn't even seen you yet. I stopped myself. I could have rubbed myself to ecstasy but I wanted to save it for you.

Glancing at my watch, I realized I better get my ass in gear and stop fantasizing. It was already past 7 pm and I was meeting you at your hotel at 8 pm. You had flown into Newark for the weekend to visit with me. I'm so glad you decided to come out, daring, but definitely worth it.

Finally I got dressed. I decided on one of my favorite outfits, a tight black sweater, black pinstripe Capri pants and of course my knee high black boots. Checking out myself in the mirror, I thought I looked pretty damn hot. I gave myself a quick spray of Fantasy and smiled, finally you would get to smell it. I continued my primping ritual with makeup and jewelry, not too much but just enough. I finished with some shiny cherry flavored lip gloss that matched my red nails and toenails.

Grabbing my backpack I threw in the essentials, my light green tank top and matching pajama pants, hot pink fishnets, hair elastics, body lotion, Astroglide, condoms, nipple clamps, the infamous glass butt plug and the pink vibrator...what a naughty collection!

I hurried out of my apartment and while I drove to your hotel, my thoughts kept thinking about all the conversations that we've had, how I felt that I've known you for years and how I wasn't scared at all to meet you. 

Before I knew it, I was at your hotel. You previously told me your room number and I went up immediately. Standing in front of your door my heart was pounding again. Knocking on your door, you opened it right away, almost as if you could sense my presence. There you were, standing in front of me. 

"Good evening Crystal" you said with a huge grin on your face. All of a sudden I felt shy with your eyes transfixed on me, I kind of froze. 

"You can come in you know, you don't have to stand in the doorway all night". I felt like an idiot just standing there with this stunned look on my face.

"You're real", I said coyly. You laughed out loud at my comment.

"Of course I am silly!" You reached out, took my hand and pulled me gently into the hotel room.

I found myself immediately attracted to you. You were so manly in every way possible. I secretly wanted to rip off your shirt, right then and there, but I held back. I took off my pink backpack and you helped me take off my coat. I could feel you looking at my body, taking in everything, making mental notes.

"God you look beautiful", you softly grabbed my hips and spun me around to face you. 

I wasn't looking at you, and you took your hand and pulled my chin up towards your face. Our eyes met and you had this unbelievable look of desire in your eyes. Pushing my hair aside and softly touching my cheek, I felt myself start to melt. You pulled me closer into you and pressed your lips against mine. So sweetly you kissed me. Sucking my lower lip softly, you could feel me start to squirm in your embrace. But you didn't stop; you wanted to feel me squirm. You knew you were making me wet. You whispered into my ear.

"Your lips are so soft; I would love to have them wrapped around my cock". I gasped slightly. 

I leaned in to softly lick your lips, teasing you. You couldn't take my tease any longer. You plunged your tongue into my mouth. Our tongues slid against each other. I couldn't help it and started moaning. I un-clasped my hands from around your neck, ran them up and down your arms, and then I squeezed them. I wanted to feel all of you.

Our kissing became more intense and frenzied. I wanted you so badly. You broke our embrace, stood back and just stared at me. My face and neck were flushed, my clit was throbbing, and I could feel my g-string was all wet. 

"I want to explore all of you tonight, every last inch", you whispered into my ear.

"Please explore me, I'm all yours". With that we moved towards the bed and you had me sit down on the edge, and kneeled down in front of me on the floor just staring. You ran your hand up my boot, feeling the suede and leather, continuing up the top of my thigh, across the waist of my pants then over to my hand, slowly up my arm, to my neck. Starting at my left ear, you dragged all of your fingers across the front of my neck to my collarbone. I pushed my hips forward, that area is so sensitive! I kept thrusting my hips forward towards you as I rested on my hands. Then you firmly grabbed my right breast, I let out a loud moan when you suddenly pinched the nipple. The entire time you were watching me intently, watching my reactions. I opened my eyes when you pinched that nipple.

"Mmmm... god you're killing me!" I cried out with the utmost frustration. You just sat there laughing quietly to yourself. 

You focused squeezing one nipple and with the other hand you lightly ran your fingers across my mound. I continued thrusting. Just for a second you pressed your thumb against my clit and I jumped. This thrilled you. Quickly you moved on, starting to knead my inner thighs with both hands, avoiding my most sensitive areas completely. 

You started whispering to me, "I can't wait to taste you and push my tongue deeply into your wet cunt." All while, your head was about 12 inches away from my aching pussy. You continued talking dirty to me, teasing me and smiling slyly. 

"I can't take this anymore!" I shouted. I pushed you back and moved down onto the floor next to you. We were now kneeling in front of each other. I looked down at your pants and noticed the bulge of your hard cock. I wanted to see it so badly. Unlike you, I did not take my time, I was wild and frenzied and you loved seeing me hungry for your cock. Reaching forward, I rubbed my hand up and down your pants. Finally feeling your gift for me, I pressed my thumb firmly against the head. I wanted to feel that ridge that would slide in and out of my pussy driving me wild. You started to breathe heavier as I continued stroking your dick. Finally I released it from your pants and boxers.

Good lord what a huge cock it was, finally displayed before my eyes. I looked up at you with a devilish grin. Reaching forward and grabbing it, you sighed loudly. My soft hands against your hard cock felt so good. Gripping it firmly, I fucked your cock with my hand. I pumped my hand all the way up over the fantastic ridge and torturously slow down the shaft. I did this for about 15 seconds, just looking at you through my glasses as I did it. 

We both had enough of the tease and started wildly stripping clothes off each. We both knew what we wanted, a long hard fuck. 

When you got your look at my bra and g-string set, you said "You're such a naughty girl". 

You started running your hands all over my half naked body, you couldn't get enough. You were completely naked and I stood there staring. You had such a cute ass that I couldn't wait to grab while you thrusted yourself deeply into me.

I walked over to the bed, crawled on top and got on all fours. Following right behind me, you pressed your hips into my ass. I could feel your warm cock throbbing against my ass cheek. Then you grabbed my shoulders, pulled me upright, resting my legs and ass onto your thighs. Our bodies were firmly pressed against each other. I loved feeling your skin against mine. I felt you unhook my bra, you wanted my tits exposed. They dropped slightly as you removed my bra, but soon your hands were the replacement. Softly cupping my tits, you played with them, squeezing, caressing, touching, and running your fingers underneath. You were making me melt again, breathing on my neck, kissing my shoulder blades. 

Finally I felt your fingers grazing over my belly button to my g-string. You lightly tugged upwards on it causing it to rub against my lips and clit, feeling me shudder made you smile. Pulling my panties aside, your finger finally dipped into my wetness. I was so silky wet for you! My clit was so damn swollen, you pushed against it and I jumped again. Then you started to probe at it, flicking it back and forth, and then circling around it. You slid your finger down again into my wet hole. The heat of my pussy was so intense. 

"Baby you're so fucking wet", you whispered. 

"Oh god!" I yelled out as I nudged my head back onto your shoulder. 

You had enough of my g-string and pulled it off quickly. You went back to fingering my clit; you knew just how to touch me. Slowly rubbing from side to side, pulling the tip of your finger up and over the hood and rubbing it with your thumb. I felt my orgasm build up so quickly, I couldn't help it. There were so many tingling sensations at the tip of my clit and you didn't stop rubbing it. You felt me tense up; you knew how I reacted right before I came. 

"Cum for Billy", you pleaded with me. 

That's all I needed, you pushed me over the edge. I bit my lower lip and I involuntary lunged forward as my muscles contracted uncontrollably and I felt the deep pounding sensations between my legs. I yelled out loudly as I came for you. When you knew it was too sensitive you removed your finger. I collapsed forward away from you onto the bed. Letting me have my moment, you laid next to me, not touching me, just letting me be. I was stunned for a good 15 seconds afterwards. When I came back to reality, I turned to face you with a huge grin on my face. 

"Thank you", I said playfully.

"No, thank you", you replied. You didn't hesitate and crawled down to the end of the bed, grabbed my ankles and pulled my relaxed body close to your face. 

"I want to taste that sweet cream of yours", you whispered. With that I felt your warm tongue run all the way up and down each of my wet lips. I started to moan, squirm and push my hips forward. You knew I was still sensitive from the previous orgasm, but that didn't stop you.

My hot wet pussy was right in your face. Even though you had seen it up close on camera, real life was so much hotter. You could smell the sweet aroma of my arousal. It overwhelmed you, you had to taste it. My back arched as you plunged your tongue deep into my pussy. You wanted my cum all over your face. 

Your dick grew even harder to the point it was almost painful. You sat down on the floor with your legs curled to the side. I was lying on the bed, my ass at the edge with my legs spread open, resting on the floor. I felt your fingers spread open my lips exposing every last inch of me to you. I started to squirm again and my breathing deepened, you knew I loved being exposed. 

You held one lip to the side as you explored. With your other finger you pushed your finger into my cunt getting it nice and slippery. Tracing the inside of my lips, you watched me get into it. You could see me rubbing my nipples, squeezing them, running my hands all over my body. You moved your finger up to my clit and lightly squeezed it with your thumb and index finger; my body shuddered as you repeated this about 5 times. You began to tongue my hole, licking around it in a circle, and then every so often plunging it in deep. At the same time you were rubbing my clit with your thumb, you did it so well!

Then I felt you switch, now your tongue was flicking my clit and your finger teasing my cunt. I was wild at this point; you knew exactly what I wanted. You pulled away from my clit to watch me as you slid your finger in deep. You saw that familiar facial expression of pure bliss as your crooked your finger and applied pressure to my g-spot. My neck and chest became flushed with pure arousal. Leaning back in to my pussy, you continued to lick my clit with more intensity as you pushed and moved your finger back and forth across my sensitive g-spot. You could tell I was close by the quivering of my inner thighs and then you backed off on the pressure.

"God dammit!" I yelled out. 

You laughed and reassuringly said, "Don't worry baby, you'll get what you deserve!"

You pushed your finger against it with firm pressure. My legs started to tremble more strongly then before. I felt the pounding of my orgasm in my head as you fucked me harder with your finger. I don't even know what I did at this point. My legs were shaking involuntarily around your head, my back full arched, my hips pushed into your face as I came for you. My pussy gripped your finger again and again. As you removed your finger from my shaking cunt, it was covered in my white creamy cum. 

Crawling up on the bed next to me; I felt your presence and opened my eyes. I noticed you were holding out your middle finger. I watched you as you licked it off, savoring it. It was so damn kinky. The taste was sweet and lightly tangy at the same time, and you liked it. I closed my eyes again to calm myself down from the intense orgasm. My breathing was still extremely heavy. 

"You're so beautiful right after you cum," you said as you stroked my hair lightly. I was utterly content at this moment. Finally I opened my eyes again to see you staring at me with this incredibly horny look of desire. You wanted to fuck and so did I.

Straddling my chest, you brought your hard cock to my mouth. I leaned my head forward and flicked the tip with my tongue. I loved seeing you with your hand gripped firmly around your dick. Looking up at you, still wearing my glasses, I said "Can you stroke it for me? I really want to see you do it".

You smiled and began sliding your hand up and down the shaft, I watched as your pre-cum slowly oozed out, and eased your strokes. I loved watching you do it and seeing the expression on your face. Pushing my tits together and leaning forward you plunged your cock in between them, you did this for a couple of strokes and that was all you could take. You hopped off me and crawled to the end of the bed. 

Grabbing my ankles, you lifted them up onto your shoulders and moved in, kneeling in front of my aching, wet pussy. You rubbed the head of your slick cock against my clit, then lowered it right to the opening, pushed it in slightly, only about one inch and then pushed it back up to my swollen clit. I was thrashing about wildly, I wanted your cock buried deep into me and you kept teasing me. 

Even though you had already given me two fantastic orgasms, I was still tight and you had to inch your way slowly into me. Your cock felt incredible, we both moaned loudly as you pushed it in deeper, spreading me open further and further. It was a snug fit in my cunt and this drove you nuts. You watched me intently as you withdrew your cock fully and pushed it slowly back into my hot pussy. You did this for about 10 strokes, making sure I was completely ready for your deep thrusts. 

Finally, you gave me one hard deep thrust; I let out an even louder moan as I felt your balls rest against my ass. I didn't think I could even take all of you, but I was so aroused and wanted you so much. Your hands were gripping my hips as you pulled me into you again and again. You were getting sweaty as you pumped away. I wanted to feel your sweat drip onto my body. 

Watching me rub my clit as you fucked me was such an erotic sight. Leaning back, you watched your cock disappear into my pussy. Pulling it out completely you saw my cunt stretched wide from your cock, what a scandalous view. You wanted more; you grabbed the back of my knees and pushed them back towards the headboard, changing the angle. Spreading your legs wider, you angled your cock up into me. My thighs trembled as your ridge rubbed against my g-spot. I took my hand and pressed it on the outside of my body, feeling the head of your dick as it massaged my spot. I pushed my hand against it, causing the sensations to be almost too much to handle. 

You were going to make me cum so hard. I screamed as my body convulsed around your cock. You could feel my flood of wetness all over your cock as you continued to fuck me. My juicy, wet cunt was too much for you, you were now so close to your own orgasm. I quickly snapped out of my orgasm bliss. I wanted to be fully aware when you came. I heard you do it over the phone so many times but I wanted to see the real thing. 

Reaching underneath, you felt me start to tug on your swollen balls. You couldn't take it anymore, the pleasure was too much. Crying out you filled me with your hot cum, one deep thrust after another. I could feel you spurt inside of me, it was so intense. Your body jerked forward and you collapsed onto me. We both shuddered as you withdrew your throbbing cock as you curled up next to me. Shortly thereafter I felt your cum seep out of my pussy. It covered my ass, legs and dripped all over the bed. 

We both laid there motionless for a good 30 seconds. You weren't even responding to my touch, totally stunned from your powerful orgasm. Finally, we both came to our senses. You had a huge grin on your face, totally priceless. We were both covered in sweat and cum and I loved it.

When I thought I couldn't take anymore, I felt you crawl down to the end of the bed again. You spread open my legs revealing my freshly used cunt. You gasped at the amount of your cum that was spread all over me. I couldn't believe it when you leaned in and start to lightly lick my clit that was covered with your cum. It was one of the kinkiest experiences ever; I was moaning loudly and began to touch myself again.

As I lay there, witnessing one of my ultimate fantasies, I smiled to myself and thought, "I can't wait for more"...