 You’re sitting at your desk. You’ve just got back from getting a drink and you don’t notice me. I’ve snuck in under your desk. Your short skirt gives me nice view of your panties. I can clearly see the outline of your pussy lips against the whiteness of your panties. I just sit there watching you spread your legs and shift your weight in your chair. I sit there and watch. I see your hand reach down and give your crotch a quick rub. Then your hand moves back up. Your legs squeeze together as yours thighs rub against your moistening slit. I can tell you are reminiscing about our first encounter………….. 

With only a short time for lunch we had met at the park. It was raining hard and you jumped out of your car and ran into the backseat of mine. Our lips met and our tongues dueled each other. Forcing and probing our tongues searched out the inner parts of each others mouths. My tongue runs across your teeth and then deep into your mouth. I feel the pull of your sucking on it like you are trying to pull my entire body into your mouth. 

My hands start roaming your body through your clothes. They long to feel your skin. You gasp and suck harder on my tongue as my hands cup your breasts. I feel the nipple harden under the layers of clothes. It too longs to feel the skin of my hands on it. 


My hand slides into your blouse and under your bra. Your breasts are very warm and your chest thrusts out to meet my hand and pushes your hard nipples into my palm. I love the feel of your breasts in my hands. 

My mouth moves from your lips towards your neck. Just below your ear. I kiss your ear lob and suck it into my mouth and another gasp escapes your lips. As my tongue explores your neck and ears your hand travels down my chest to between my legs. You feel the warmth of my crotch and the hardness of my cock. Your fingers trace it s outline in my jeans making it jerk to meet your touch. Your fingers travel to the zipper and pull it down. The air feels cool in my pants compared to the warmth inside my jeans. One finger goes in and gently stokes the tip of my penis making the head swell larger. It wants to get out. Quickly your finger wraps underneath and pulls the head out through the small zippered opening. The head with one eye is staring right at you. Red, hard and waiting. 

You push me back and start on your own mission. Your head lowers to my lap and your tongue circles the head. The coolness of your spit and warmth of your breath case me to tingle with excitement. Your tongues pokes into the eye and laps at the drop of precum. You kiss the tip gently but it isn’t enough. You want to feel the pulse of it deep in your throat. 

I raise my buttocks off the seat and we wiggle my pants down to my knees. There it is ready for you to work your magic on it. Your head lowers quickly and you engulf me totally. AAHHH! Escapes my lips as I feel your lips wrapped tightly around the base. Slowly your lips travel up my cock and you suck in the head like your were sucking in my tongue. Like you wanted to pull me inside out through my cock. AAHH! Again comes out of my mouth. Your tongue swirls around the head. Then down its length traveling to my balls. Then back up again. It has become your lollipop. You keep licking up and down and occasionally lick the head coaxing another drop of precum out. You are ready to end my misery. Your head plunges down on my cock and you hold it there. Your tongue slips out of your lips and grates against my cock. In and out. Your head starts bobbing up and down sucking in hard on my head. AAAHH!. “I can’t hold it any longer.” You don’t care you suck with wild abandon. Harder and faster you go waiting til…Then it happens you feel the splash of cum in the back of your throat. Again and again. Your mouth can’t swallow it all and it starts to leak out the sides. I sit there relishing you mouth cleaning me. Wiping all the leaked cum from around my cock and balls. Your mouth goes back on me and sucks the last few drops out as my cock softens in between your lips. 

Faster than I can imagine. You kiss me on the lips. (I can taste myself on your lips.) You get out and run to your car and off you drive leaving me to pull my pants up and catch my breath. 

………. I watch as you wiggle in your seat. I can tell that you had wished we had more time and that I could have eased your desires. I watch your hand again as it rubs your crotch. I can’t take it any longer. My lips go and kiss your ankles. You are startled at first then you see me. A smile comes across your lips. My kisses move up your legs. Your legs feel so smooth through your panty hose. I move towards your crotch where I can feel the heat emanating from you. I lick you through your hose and panties and feel you thrust your crotch out farther towards my waiting lips. 

My hands reach up and tug your hose and panties down. They are so wet from your drippings and I breathe in your smell. My head move in for the kill. My tongue darts out and licks from your pussy lips up. You jerk and gasp as I pass your waiting and pulsing clit. Again, I lick up it and poke my tongue into your clit trying to push it inside you. Another lick. Another and another. Then I stop and just lightly flick my tongue our it. I feel you tremble from the pressure building up within. 

I suck the little bud into my mouth and relish its taste. It swells as my tongue does a dance back and forth over it. My hand climbs up your legs and easily parts your pussy lips. My fingers trace the outline of the small opening. You lean even further back try to get my fingers inside you. My fingers part your lips and I stick my tongue in deep. It darts in and out like a tiny cock fucking you. You are squirming a lot and I need to use the weight of chest against your legs to hold you down. 

My fingers replace my tongue inside your pussy as they start to fuck you. My mouth moves back to your clit and sucks it in. Fingers moving to the rhythm of my tongue across your clit. In and out, Back and forth, In and out, Back and forth. You stiffen as your orgasm approaches. I move faster and harder waiting for you to reward me with an orgasm. You scream as the wave comes over you. You come in my mouth! 

I pull back and wipe my face on my sleeve. Kiss you and leave quickly. Just as you had done.