 Driving down the interstate, my mind was buzzing with anticipation. I only met her online a short while ago and we've yet to meet each other in person. Over the last few weeks, our relationship has progressed leaps and bounds. It was just the other day that we confessed our love for one another. And now, I am only a few miles from the destination we plan to meet. The closer I get to my destination, the more excited and nervous I get. I arrive early by about 45 minutes... 

Some months ago, we met online and started talking. I had an immediate interest in her from the start. Me being a bit on the shy side and with my current situation being somewhat complicated, I chose to put my interest on hold. Over the few months we were talking, I found it more and more difficult to ignore my initial interests in her. 

One night, I logged on and the first thing she said to me was "I'm horny." Much to my surprise, this totally excited me. Why did she just say this to me? 

My response, of course, was "Me too." 

We experienced our first erotic encounter talking to each other about things we could do to the other. This conversation was so heated and erotic, it couldn't just stop there. 

Over the next couple of days, we continued talking and getting to know each other. We eventually graduated to talking on the phone. Which took things to another level. It made things all that much more real. Then one night while chatting online, we were having a deep conversation. And out of the blue, she told me she loved me. At first, I was surprised, it wasn't just a couple weeks prior she had been complaining about guys being too clingy. But it made my heart skip a beat, because I had already been feeling that way. I was just afraid to proclaim it due to the clingy conversation. So, in response to her saying it, I returned the sentiment and said "I love you too!" 

Shortly after our proclamation of our love for each other, we started talking about meeting. It started out with us meeting and just having lunch and maybe driving around for a bit talking. We quickly realized we wanted a place where we could relax and talk in private. While talking the night before we were to meet, she reserved a hotel room out of the blue in the town where we were planning to meet. This was a bit of a exciting surprise to say the least. The thought of being all alone with this girl that I had just grown intimate with was exhilarating and nerve racking all at the same time. 

I'm sitting in my car outside the hotel nervously fidgeting with my mirror trying to ensure I look my best. What if she isn't attracted to me? What if I don't meet her expectations? What if she doesn't like me? The majority of the drive down, we were talking on the phone and now was no different. She tells me that she is getting off the exit to the hotel. The hotel? That's where I'm at! At this point, my anxiety shoots through the roof. I get out of my car and pace around trying to calm myself down. The excitement and fear of her being just around the corner is overwhelming to say the least. 

Leaning against my car facing away from the entrance, I hear this voice over the phone say "I see you".

What do I do? I don't see her. Do I wait for her to come to me? Do I walk over to her? I proceed to walk around my car and over to her. I see her across the parking lot. I begin to smile as our eyes meet! 

"Wow, she is beautiful!"

I walk straight to her and wrap my arms around her, my body shaking with the overwhelming feelings of excitement and nervousness. She kisses me on the cheek and holds me close. All I could think was how beautiful she was and how perfect this felt. 

We quickly walk over and pay for the room and receive our room key. She keeps starring at me with the most beautiful eyes I've ever seen in my life. We walk hand in hand to our room. As we approach our room, the nervousness and excitement I felt previously is still there only more intense now. 

I keep thinking to myself "what is up with me? I've never felt like this before." 

She unlocks our room and walks into it. I sit on the end of the bed. She drops her bag on the floor and comes over to me and starts kissing me. I wrap my arms around her and pull her close, still shaking with emotions. 

After a few seconds, I get up, walk around the bed and lie down on the right side of the bed. She quickly walks around the other side and lies down across from. Our eyes lock. Again, I couldn't stop thinking how much I loved those beautiful eyes! I think I may have told her a thousand times. 

I wrap my arms around her and she does the same to me. Our bodies press together, it just feels so perfect. Our lips press together and our tongues gently enter each others mouth. 

Wow! Her lips feel so fantastic; she is such a great kisser.

We kiss for what seems like forever and I love every minute. The room temperature begins to rise as our petting gets heavier. After a few, we agree that we'd be more comfortable removing our pants almost jokingly. I swing my legs out to remove my pants and then roll back into bed. As I roll back over, I notice she has taken off more than just her pants. She is now naked with the exception of her undergarments. I chuckle and tease her about it. 

She giggles and says "Well, you make me hot."

So, now I feel a bit over dressed. I remove my shirt leaving my boxers on. We resume the position of holding each other on the bed. I proceed to kissing her neck and her lips passionately. She responds by moaning and arching her back. Things are really heating up now. 

...This is no less than perfect. Everything about her is just what I fantasized. She is beautiful, sweet, sensual, passionate, and absolutely incredible. The love I had for her prior to coming to meet her has just grown exponentially...

At this point, we are kissing very deeply, hands caressing each others exposed body.

She grabs my hand and puts it between her legs "See how wet you make me..." she says to me softly as I feel her warm wetness through her panties.

"Mmmm" I moan.

We continue to kiss deeply, grinding our bodies together, touching, squeezing, and caressing each others body. Passion fills the room as we make out half naked in our hotel.

Feeling an overwhelming urge to climb on top of her and make love to her, I roll over on my back for a breather thinking that I didn't want to ruin such a wonderful thing by having sex with her on the first encounter. As I lay back, she started to feel a bit concerned. I could see it in her eyes. 

She asked me if everything was OK. 

I responded "Yes, I just need to calm down." 

She said "Why?" 

"Because I don't want to ruin such a beautiful encounter, I didn't come here to have sex with you baby." 

She rolled over to me saying "neither did I, but it feels so right". 

I quickly responded with "then get me ready" and she grabbed my dick in her hand and started rubbing me. After rubbing me for a few minutes, she went down and wrapped her warm lips around my dick. Using her tongue miraculously, she flicked the head of my dick and sucked it for what seemed like forever. All I could think is how wonderful it felt. She was amazing! She had me squirming all over the bed. After spending a short while, she climbed on top of me and proceeded to slide my dick deep inside her wonderful folds. The feeling as I entered her was phenomenal. She was so warm, tight, and wet. It felt incredible! She slowly rode my dick for a few minutes until I pushed her over and climbed on top of her. I slid my dick inside her and made love to her. After what seemed like an eternity, we both climaxed together and I came inside her. I felt her pussy contracting around my dick as she came as well. 

We rolled over and held each other and talked for quite a while afterward. Proclaiming how wonderful each felt about the other. Wow, what an amazing encounter. I am completely and utterly in love with this girl...