 I was really nervous while I waited for Rick to pick me up. Even though we had been talking for a while on the net, this was our first real date. I didn't know what to expect, but I know that we really seemed to have a connection. 

I jumped as the doorbell rang. Five 'o clock on the nose. Wow. He was prompt. That said a lot. I opened the door and looked up into his gorgeous eyes. And that smile was enough to knock me off my feet.

I almost stuttered as I held the door open for him and said, "Come on in."

As he stepped into the house, the first thing he did was hug me. As he put his arms around my waist, I put mine around his neck making sure that we had a very close hug. Of course this pressed my breasts against his chest and I had a shiver run down my spine. With another squeeze, he finally stepped back and said, "Hello there."

I had to steady myself and ease my breathing before I could answer. "Hello there yourself sugar."

"Are you ready to go?" he asked with a wicked gleam in his eyes that I just loved.

"All set." I said as I stepped out of the house with him. He immediately put his arm around my back as we walked to his truck. He opened the door for me, and as he helped me step up into his truck, his hand slid from the small of my back down to rest on my butt. After I sat down, I looked at him bashfully and saw he was wearing a sheepish grin. Wow. I could tell this man was here to torture me before hopefully pleasing me. Although it was a good kind of torture, I didn't know how long I would be able to control myself.

After Rick got in the truck, we drove to the movie theatre. We picked out a movie we wanted to see and since we had some time before the movie started, we decided to go get something to drink. We stopped at a cute little coffee shop and got a corner table in the back. We decided to sit on the same side of the table and as I slid to the inside, Rick went to the counter to get our drinks. As I watched him go, I got all tingly. A burning down deep inside me. "The Fire Down Below" by Bob Seger came to mind. I couldn't believe a man like him was here with me but he was.

I felt myself blush as her turned and caught me staring at him. He rewarded me with that big gorgeous smile. Yup. Fire down below was a good description. As he approached the table, my pulse quickened as did my breathing. Rick noticed. I guess it was because he could see my heaving cleavage, not that I was showing a lot, but I had decided to wear a sweater with a zipper and had unzipped it enough to tease him with just a peek. He set the drinks on the table as he slid into the booth next to me. He put his arm around my shoulders and slid closer so that our legs were touching.

"Are you blushing?" he asked me as he leaned in to whisper in my ear.

"No. I'm flushing. It seems to have gotten rather warm in here."

"Well, we can fix that," he said and he reached up with his free hand to unzip my sweater some more. He stopped when the zipper was just about to the middle of my breasts.

I started to protest but then he cupped my cheek and leaned in to kiss me. Just a light brush of his lips on mine. Then he kissed my forehead and sat back.

"The hot chocolate's getting cold," he said with a wink.

So we finished our hot chocolate and left for the theatre. We picked seats in the back row in the corner.

As the lights went down and the movie started, once again, Rick put his arm around me. It wasn't long before Rick put a small kiss on my cheek. After a while, Rick took his coat off and asked me to put it onto the empty seat next to me. 

Since we had the row all to ourselves, I said, "I have a better idea. Throw it across your lap."

Rick looked at me curiously, but he put his coat across his lap. This time when he draped his arm across my shoulders, I leaned into him and put my hand on his thigh under his coat. He then let his hand relax from my shoulder to my breast. Ok. No more Ms. Nice Girl. I ran my hand up the inside of his thigh to rest between his legs. I started rubbing my hand up and down and Rick squirmed.

I leaned my head back to rest on his shoulder so I could whisper in his ear, "Kiss me." Rick leaned down and obliged. Lightly at first until I began fumbling with the button on his jeans. The he slipped his tongue in my mouth. He kissed me deeper when I unzipped his pants and slid my hand under the band of his boxers.

The movie on the screen changed and became bright. Wouldn't you know, someone stepped into a brightly lit room. I broke off the kiss and sat up, but kept my hand inside the band of his boxers. I heard Rick hiss in a breath as I started to fondle the head of his semi-hard cock. He shifted his hips to give me better access as I slid my hand all the way down his hardening rod. He squeezed my breast as I squeezed his balls.

Rick leaned down to whisper in my ear, "Oh baby. What're you doing to me?"

I gave him a wicked grin of my own as I told him, "I want you to be as frustrated as I am."

I continued stroking him, relishing the feel of his hard, smooth mushroomed head and steel hard cock, thinking of how I would love to have it inside me. My mouth. Deep inside my wet pussy. He squeezed my breast harder as I stroked faster. Then he leaned over to kiss my neck, then nibble my earlobe. Then he started sucking on my neck giving me a hickey. Of course this caused me to squeeze and stroke harder and faster.

"If you don't stop, I'm going to cum," he said breathlessly into my ear.

"Do you want me to stop?" I asked almost as breathless.

"Well, no, but since the closing credits are coming on the screen I think it would be a good idea."

So I gave him one last squeeze and took my hand out of his pants. As he readjusted himself and fastened his pants, the house lights came up and people started to leave. We waited until everyone else had gone. When I stood up, Rick grabbed my ass so I whipped around and grabbed his head in both my hands and tongued him deep and hard and fast before I let go and moved on. 

We left the theatre feeling frustrated yet invigorated. I couldn't wait to get on the road to finish what I started.

"'Ya know, we could take the back roads back to my house." I said with a smile.

"Now that sounds like a fabulous idea." said Rick. "But you will have to guide me."

"Oh, I'll guide you all right."

When we got to Rick's truck, he opened my door for me, but before he let me in, he grabbed me by the lapels of my leather coat and pulled me close to him. He returned the favor of a deep tonguing. Just when my knees were going to give out on me, he released me and helped me into the truck. We started out on the drive and I gave him directions. While he was driving, I leaned over and started to nibble on his ear. Poking my tongue in the edge of his ear. Kissing his neck ever so lightly. He reached up and unzipped my sweater all the way down and started playing with my breasts. I bit him. Sucked his neck and bit him. He reached under my bra and squeezed my nipples hard.

"Ok. Now you asked for it." I said playfully as I reached and unbuttoned his jeans and yanked his zipper down. I thrust my hand down in his boxers and squeezed. "I need your help here."

Rick lifted his ass off the seat and I tugged at his jeans and boxers and got them down to his knees. I leaned over and took his cock in my mouth. It grew hard in an instant. I started to circle the head of his cock with my tongue, licking off the precum that was there. I reached down and squeezed his balls as I took him all the way in my mouth and swallowed him down my throat. 

"MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM", I hummed and that made Rick squirm.

"Oh baby. Suck that cock."

I leaned back until he was almost all the way out of my mouth and then back again. I used my hand to help me. There was one point I thought he was going to drive off the road, but he just slowed down a little. I began to pump him and suck him harder and faster.

And then Rick did pull over. Turns out there was a carpool place on the way home and he pulled in there. He practically slammed his truck in park. Then he grabbed me up and kissed me deep and hard. He flipped my breasts out of my bra so that they were supported underneath and took first one nipple in his mouth and bit and sucked it while he pinched the other and then he did the same to the other one. He started kissing my neck and biting me. Then he came up and kissed me again.

Rick reached around me and made the seats recline and pushed me back on the seat. He started rubbing between my legs and I gasped. Then he undid my pants and slid his hand down inside.

"Oh wow. You are wet baby. I want that juice."

It was my turn to lift my ass up and let him pull down my pants and panties. He spread my legs and went right to work. He started by rubbing my slit then he pulled my pussy lips apart and started tonguing my swollen clit.

"Oh, Rick! Your tongue is so hot. Suck that clit sugar." Then I couldn't talk anymore. Rick sucked and then slipped one finger deep inside me then two. As he sucked and bit at my clit, he pumped his fingers in me. I started rocking my hips to his rhythm. It didn't take long and I was shaken by an orgasm. He drank my juice and then he sat up, his lips wet with my juice still.

Then, and I still don't know how he did it, he positioned himself over me and between my legs. He took his hard rod and rubbed it on my slit and down to my pussy. He rubbed my clit with the head and then slipped right inside me. He got the head of his cock inside me and stopped.

"Oh, you're tight sweetheart." Then he leaned down to drive his tongue in my mouth as he drove his hard rod inside me. I arched my back and he grabbed my breasts. He sucked my tongue as he continued to thrust inside me. It felt so good to have him deep inside.

I took his head in my hands and guided him to my neck. "Bite me sugar. Bite me hard as you drive into me. Bite me as hard as you pound me! Pound that pussy!"

Rick obliged. He bit me harder as he thrust harder driving into me so deep I thought I would burst. "Oh Rick! I'm gonna cum again!" And cum I did. Rick was right behind me and he thrust deep inside to shoot his hot seed inside me. 

He let out something like a roar. "AAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRGGGHH!" 

I tightened my pussy muscles around his cock and milked him for every drop I could get. It was an earth shattering orgasm for us both. Rick collapsed on top of me and I stroked his hair. And we gently kissed. We stayed that way for a while. 

Then I couldn't help myself. I reached down and grabbed his bare ass. Ooops....his cock jumped inside me. Rick kissed me and I felt him grow hard again. Oh yeah, I was ready for another round and evidentially, so was he.