 I meet this really cute guy on line. We have been talking for awhile. Some of our conversations have become very graphic. He is planning a trip to ,where I live, in a few weeks. I can't wait to meet him. 

Today I will meet the guy I have been chatting with online. His plane lands in an hour. I will be meeting him at a little bar in town. He has made reservations at a local hotel. 

I have arrived at the bar. He isn't here yet so, I order a drink and wait. A few minutes later he walks in the bar. I see him come in, he is really hot. I feel myself get wet, thinking of all the things we said online. He walks over to where I am sitting. He introduces himself and orders a drink. We sit at the bar for awhile talking, getting to know each other. Every once in awhile he touches my hand. Just a soft brush of his fingers against mine. We are talking and enjoy ourselves. He reaches behind me and runs his hand down m y back. Just his touch sets me on fire. I give him my sexiest smile. He leans over and kisses me. I feel his tongue slip inside my mouth. I take it , gently sucking as we explore each others mouth with our tongues. He leans back and smiles. He asks me if I'd like to go back to his room for awhile. By this time I am very turned on. I smile and say yes. He takes my hand and we leave the bar.

He has rented a car and I have my own. I follow him to the hotel. He has a room on the top floor. We enter the lobby and head for the elevators. We enter the elevator, and I can see from the huge bulge in his pants, he is very turn on also. The doors close and the elevator starts , to take us to his floor. I can't take it anymore, I have to see what is inside those pants. I reach over and hit the stop button. The elevator stops between floors. I know we can't stay stopped for very longer without the alarm sounding. I walk up to him and start kissing him, running my tongue along his lips. I reach down and start stroking the huge bulge in his pants. I start kissing his neck, running my tongue up and down the side. I unbutton his shirt. I start kissing down his chest, running my tongue over his nipples. I kiss all the way down his stomach. I back him up against the wall, and get on my knees. I unbutton his jeans and slide them down. I slide his underwear down, freeing his huge cock. I am quite surprised at the size. I look up at him. He is watching me, chewing his bottom lip in anticipation. I smile at him, very pleased. I take him in my hand. 

Slowly stroking the shaft. I start with gentle kisses, along the inside of his thighs. I start running my tongue over his balls. Licking and gently sucking them. I know we don't have much time, I have to have him in my mouth. Slowly I put his huge cock in my mouth. Taking him inside as far as I can. I slowly glide my mouth up and down his shaft. Running my tongue over the tip and down the sides as I take it deep inside m y mouth. In and out over and over. I can feel him shudder with pleasure as he let's out a moan as I take his cock deep inside my hot mouth. I start moving faster, sucking and licking his huge cock. I run my tongue along the sides and back down over his balls. I go lower and run my tongue along his asshole and back up to his balls. I take him back into my mouth. I take him so deep, I almost gag. I know we have to stop before the alarm sounds. I take his cock all the way down one more time. I get up, he is so hard. I tell him I must start the elevator up or the alarm will sound. He pulls up his pants. He has a hard time putting his cock away with it so hard. He starts buttoning his shirt as I hit the start button on the elevator. A few seconds later, the doors open. Several people enter the elevator. I back up in front of him. I know how hard he is now. I reach behind me and start stroking the very large bulge in his pants. I hear a soft moan escape his lips. I smile. No one else noticed.

We arrive at his floor.. The doors open and we step off the elevator. No one is around, so I turn to him and start kissing him. We move towards his room. Never letting go of each other. We start pulling each others clothes off before we even make it in the room. He fumbles with the door lock. We are still kissing, our tongues locked together. He manages to get the door open and we stumble inside. I step away from him, his shirt is almost off by now. He closes the door. I walk up to him and wrap my arms around his neck. We start kissing again. I slide his shirt over his shoulders, letting it fall to the floor. He slides my shirt over my head bearing my bra, already unfasten from the hallway. He slides it off, freeing my tits. He turns me around, pushing me against the door, as he takes my nipple in his mouth. He starts sucking gently, running his tongue over my, already harden nipple. He takes the other breast in his hand, rolling the nipple between his fingers , as his sucks and gently nibbles on the other. I reach down and start stroking his cock through his jeans. I fumble for the button. He helps my push the material away and free his very hard cock. I take it in my hand, stroking as he sucks the other nipple. He slides his hand down between my legs. Rubbing back and forth. 

He unbuttons my pants and slides them down for me to step out of, his mouth never leaving my nipple. He starts rubbing the thin material of my panties. Back and forth, across my already wet panties. He slides down to his knees, kissing down my stomach. He slides my panties off. He runs his fingers across my very wet pussy. I moan at the feeling off his fingers stroking me. He slides his fingers inside me as he lowers his mouth to my clit. I lift my leg and place it on his shoulder, given him better access to my clit. He starts licking, slowly at first, while sliding his fingers in and out of my pussy. He pulls his fingers out, running his tongue down my pussy and along my asshole and back up. He slides a finger in slide my pussy and teases my ass with another. He starts licking my clit again. Taken it in his mouth and sucking my very sensitive spot. He starts working his fingers in and out, faster and faster. Sucking harder and faster. I reach down and grab his hair, hanging on for dear life, as he sucks harder. I start moaning and moving back and forth in rhythm with his thrusting fingers. I let out a loud moan and cum all over his tongue. He licks and suck every drop of my cum. He stands up and starts kissing me. I can taste my juices in his mouth. 

His room is fairly large with a bed, Dining table and chairs and a couch. He turns me around, so he is behind me. He leans me over the dining table. I lift one leg and place it on the table , to give him better access. I want his cock inside me. He comes closer, teasing my clit with the head of his cock. Sliding it back and forth. He asks me what I want. I tell him I want his cock inside me. He slowly starts sliding his cock inside my very wet and hot pussy. Slowly at first. Giving me just a little. Not going all the way in, and pulling back out. He teases me this way a few times, until I am begging him to give it all to me. I want him to bury that huge cock inside me now. He smiles and thrust his cock deep inside me. I moan loudly as he pulls back and thrust again. Slowly, long, hard thrust, in and out. He starts moving faster. Burying his shaft deep inside me. I start moaning, begging for more, Faster, harder, I want all of him. He picks up the pace, moving faster. He wets a finger and starts fingering my ass while plunging deep inside my pussy. I feel myself starting to cum again. He thrusts hard and fast, until I let out a scream and cum again. He is pleased to have brought me to a second orgasm. He pulls his cock out and tells me to suck him off. I kneel down in front of him and take his cock in my mouth. I can taste my pussy all over him. I start sucking him hard and fast. He reaches down and wraps his fingers in my hair, holding me in place. I move faster up and down his cock. He starts to moan. I can feel his balls tight up and I know he is about to cum. I slide my mouth up and down his cock while I gently strokes his balls with my nails. He moans loader, telling me, he is going to cum. He explodes, filling my mouth with his hot cum. I swallow every drop and slowly lick his dick clean.

We both collapse on the floor. Our hearts pounding. We sit there for awhile, just breathing hard. I'm thinking I want more of him. I look up at him and smile. He leans down and starts to kiss me again. I move up closer to him. Kissing him, running my tongue all over his. I reach down and reach for his cock. He is start to get hard again. I pull away from his kiss and lean down to suck his cock again. He moans as he gets harder and harder in my mouth. I get up off the floor and take his hand, to lead him to the couch. I gentle push him down on the couch and climb on top of him. I reach down and grab his hard cock sliding it inside. He grabs my ass to help guide his cock inside. I start sliding up and down on his hard cock. Riding him slowly. He reaches around me and starts to finger my ass. 

Slowly I move up and down on his cock. I start to move faster, thrusting his cock deep inside my hot pussy. I want all of his cock inside me. I rock back and forth, deeper and harder each time. He keeps playing with my ass. I have an idea what he's wanting. He reaches for some lube and starts rubbing on my ass. I am still riding his cock hard. He leans up and whispers in my ear, telling me to put his cock in my ass. I slowly slide off his cock. He rubs some lube on it. I take his cock in my hand and slowly start sliding it in to my tight asshole. I move slowly trying to work it in the tight hole. I move back and forth, a little deeper each time. Slowly riding his cock with my ass. It finally goes all the way in. We take a minute to let me adjust to his size. Slowly I start moving back and forth. Sliding his cock deep in ass. I start to move faster as I stretch to meet his size. Faster and faster, harder and harder, riding his cock. I start to cum again, squeezing against his cock as my orgasm takes over. He moans loudly, feeling his own balls tighten as he is about to cum. He pushes his cock deep inside my ass as he feels me full of his cum. We collapse onto the couch. Very satisfied. He was defiantly worth the wait.