 Well it took a while but finally, after what seemed like months of chatting over the internet and exchanging sexual innuendo's we decide to take the plunge and meet up.

It has been the single most frustrating encounter so far. To be so totally turned on by someone and then not be able to touch or taste them so I decided that I was going to make the most of it. Ever since you first started to talk to me the sexual tension grew and grew to such a point that we both knew we would have to meet and get this thing out of our systems. The nights left aching, only to go to bed and rub myself into my soaking wet pussy, imagining what it would be like to feel your mouth right there eagerly licking me and fucking me with your fingers to orgasm.....well what's a girl to do?

You decided on the meeting place and, as agreed, I turned up at 7.30 on the dot and scoured the bar for the familiar face I had got to know. I had dressed carefully that evening with our night to come in mind. I had put on my short checked skirt and calf length boots and teamed them up with a small red top and my black poncho. My hair was its usual tousled self that looked as though it was already eager to get into bed. I was very nervous about our meet but as my eyes met yours across the room and I saw the reassuring smile you gave me I soon felt at ease.

You looked great and your hair made me think of what was to come later. God I could have so much fun with that. We ordered drinks and then you led the way to where we were to sit......

As we sat talking we both became aware of the sexual tension that was there. I looked you up and down and stared into your eyes. The look we exchanged said it all and before long I found myself stroking you through your jeans as we spoke. A moment later and you were so hard in my hand, I was dying to take you in my mouth and taste you on my tongue. I felt so wet at the thought of you being inside me , fucking me hard and began to unzip your jeans readily while we still sat there drinking. To my surprise you let me carry on and before I knew it I was wanking you off right there in the bar, sneakily, under the table. The people around us seemed totally unaware of what was going on and this encouraged me further. You began to ooze your juices, the ones I was so ready to feel on my tongue, and your breathing became more rushed. We both knew we couldn't carry on there and you decided to go to the toilet.....

I drank my drink down and bought in another couple, before making my way to the loo to join you. Imagine my surprise when you greeted me with your hard on protruding out of your jeans and ready for me. I sat on the loo and pulled your pants down further. Placing my hands round your arse, I slowly licked the end of your hard cock while looking you in the face. You watched as my wet lips parted and I took the end of you in my mouth and teased it with my tongue. 'God I want you so bad' is all I said before taking the full length of you in my mouth, sucking you in to me and pulling you in with my hands. You couldn't get away even if you wanted to as I greedily sucked and caressed you with my tongue. As I pulled away your cock glistened in the light and you moaned, a small whimpering moan as I drew you back in. God I was loving the feeling and really began to go faster and faster, softly taking your balls in my hand and squeezing them gently.....

Not many moments later I felt you buttocks tighten and I knew you were going to come for me. Pulling you all hard and into my mouth you began to buck and pull my hair really hard, fucking my mouth with a real urgency. Right there and then I felt you come, so hard into my mouth and allowed your come to dribble down my throat, before swallowing it all hungrily whilst looking at your face. 'God you taste so good' I said as you began to pull your jeans back up., before going back to out seat to continue with the drink I had just bought.

A few minutes later I appeared, lipstick redone and fresh smile to greet you at the table. Who knows what we'll get up to later.................