 The evening started with Kristie and I meeting up with friends to celebrate the birthday of one of them. The birthday girl's wish was to go to Wonder Woman after we had gone for supper. Once supper was done we headed over to the movie theater. While standing in line for tickets I took the opportunity to unzip my fly and then made sure to push up behind Kristie so as to let her know that my cock was in need of some attention. When she felt my hardness press into her she looked over her shoulder and smiled. 

What had me so hard was the fact that my beautiful wife was wearing my favorite t-shirt dress without any panties or bra. Her dark nipples were semi visible through the dress and the way it laid over her bare ass was an awesome view from behind. So hopefully you can understand why I was a just tad bit excited. 

We got our popcorn and pop and made our way to our seats. As we were taking our seats I noticed there was another couple sitting in the same row as we were entering, and the woman looked familiar for some reason. As we sat down my hard cock was making little tent in my jeans and because my zipper was open from just the right angle you actually could see my hard shaft. Kristie picked up on this right away and ran her hand over my crotch stroking my cock through my jeans before reaching in and pulling it out. I looked down the row and much to my surprise the couple sitting with us both were watching as Kristie stroked my hard cock. I leaned over and whispered in her ear that our friends were enjoying the show. She turned to them and we all smiled at each other. 

Throughout the movie Kristie kept stroking my cock damn near making me cum a couple of times. I took advantage of her not wearing any panties and dipped my finger in her pussy each in between the times she stroked my cock. Knowing my babies body as I do, I know I made her cum a couple times with my finger on her swollen little clit as her head would lay on my shoulder and a slight moan came from her mouth. All the while we were enjoying the popcorn, pop, movie and playing with each other, I though I noticed that our friends down the row were having some fun as well. It was hard to make out but during the brighter scenes in the movie I thought I could see her hand moving up and down in her man's lap. 

As we go up to leave the theater our friends exited the same side of the isle as we did. As we got out into the lobby area, I turned to Kristie and told her that needed to use the bathroom. I made my way to the bathroom and as stood at my stall the male who sat in our row came in and stood right next to me. 

"Great Show," he said.

I said, "Yeah it was pretty good. Wonder Woman was pretty hot."

He responded, "No dude, I am talking about the show you and your woman put on for us. Hell we didn't even see the movie. My girl said you gave her a similar show last year at the play all you guys were at. I wasn't able to make it that night, but she said your girl stroked your cock throughout the play and when she wasn't stroking it, your jeans complemented your cock nicely," He looked down and said, "I can see why she liked it." 

"Well thanks man. I noticed maybe you were getting attended to as well during the movie," I said, "and I have to say, looks like your woman gets to enjoy a pretty nice cock herself. My name is Todd."

"Nice to meet you Todd, my name is Craig. Would you like to go for drinks?"

We made our way up the stairs from the basement bathrooms to see our girls visiting with each other. I introduced Craig to Kristie and he introduced Susan, his girl, to me. 

Kristie said, "Do you remember her Todd, she was at the play last year. Remember she came up to us at the bar and told us how hot it was to watch me stroke your cock during the play?"

I told Kristie I did and expressed that Craig had asked us to go for drinks with them. She was fired up about going out with our new friends. We made arrangements to meet Craig and Susan and exchanged numbers, and then went with our other friends back to where we had all parked. We said our goodbyes and went our own ways. 

I told Kristie to give our new friends a jingle and see if they were still down with meeting for drinks. She got Susan on the phone and during the conversation I heard Kristie say, "Oh he did, did he? Well maybe he will get a full view of them later. And by the way, Todd says Craig has a nice cock himself. Maybe I will get a chance to see that?" 

We soon all met up at one of our local bars that was nice and quiet so we could visit. The bar had a big corner booth that we all sat in. The girls insisted that Craig and I sat next to each other with them sitting on the outside of us. Our waitress, who was wearing a nice low cut top and very tight, short shorts that showed off some butt cheek, took our orders and got us our drinks very quickly. When she turned and left us after dropping off our drinks, Susan gave her a nice little whistle and nice ass comment. The waitress turned and smiled and Susan and Kristie winked at her. 

As you might expect we didn't spend much time on small talk although we did talk about what we all did for a living to start with before the talk got straight to the point. Susan reminisced about the play last year and how she loved seeing the outline of my cock and balls in my jeans after Kristie was done stroking it. While she did this Kristie's hand slid under the table, unzipped my zipper, and took my cock out. Noticing what Kristie was doing, Susan did the same thing to Craig. 

Susan looked at me and said, "How does that feel Todd? I can just picture what you cock looks like with Kristie's had wrapped around it moving up and down."

"Well, I can tell you this, she is so fucking good at this that she about made me cum twice in the movie." 

"Fuck, Susan did the same to me," Craig said. 

We all laughed, and just about that same time, I felt Krisite's hand let go of my cock, but it was immediately replaced by another but from the other direction. I looked at Kristie and I looked at Susan. Craig was doing the same thing, looking at Susan and Kristie. The girls just smiled at us and the both said enjoy boys. Kristie explained to us that while we were in the bathroom at the theater they talked about our cocks and how they were both going to experience the other cock first, and that they decided they would jerk the other one off under the table to begin with. 

Our waitress came over shortly and with a smile on her face said, "Looks like you have everything you need in your hands girls." She had both hands on the table leaning forward and bent over allowing her shirt to drop open giving us a full view of her tits. 

"Those are amazing," Kristie said.

"I agree," Susan said, "What do you guys think?"

All we could do is shake our heads cause the girls had increased their pace and I personally could feel I was getting close to cumming. I was concentrating intently to keep that from happening when our waitress said, "Well thank you, it's just a little show I wanted to give you for giving me the show you are under that table. My pussy is so wet. I can't wait to get home and fuck my boyfriend." 

"Glad you are enjoying," the girls said, and with that the hand released my cock. I looked at Susan and she winked at me. Kristie and Craig had similar eye contact. 

As the drinks kept coming, our conversation went deeper and deeper into what our sexual fantasies were. Kristie and I explained that we enjoyed sharing pictures and videos with friends, and have a dream of watching another couple have sex and them have sex in front of that couple. Kristie finished off the explanation with, "However Todd has a dream of seeing me take a nice sized cock, and after stroking your cock Craig, I could see myself taking yours in my pussy." Hearing that made me even fucking harder than I already was, and so I suggested we go back to our hot tubbing. 

We had all had plenty to drink so all decided we would take a cab together. Craig and I crawled into the back first. While doing so I noticed Craig's cock was sticking out of his jeans through his zipper. It was covered up quickly by Kristie as she slid in on top of his lap. Susan slid in onto my lap and we were off to our house. Kristie was squirming around on Craig's lap and my curiosity let me to ask, "you like that cock in your pussy baby?" She shook her head yes, as the pleasure of Craig's cock showed on her face. Susan had pants on so that was not an option for us but she had figured out a way to jerk my cock with her hand between her legs as we watched my wife ride her guy's cock. 

When we got to the house we quickly paid the cabbie who said, "no tip necessary, I got a great show." and entered the house. We went directly downstairs and out on the back patio where the hot tub was. I had stopped by the fridge and got each of us a beer, not that we needed it, and when I got to the tub, all were naked and Susan was riding her man's hard cock. Kristie and I sat and sipped on our beers while we enjoyed the show our friends were giving us. 

"Fuck baby, your going to make me cum," Craig said.

"Oh no not yet," Susan said, and she dismounted and turned to us and asked where their beers were. 

I handed both of them their beers and said, "Damn that was even hotter than I imagined." 

"Why thank you. It is hot fucking in front of such hot people like you two.," Susan said. Craig had got himself up on the edge of the tub and his cock, which had to be at least 7 inches long and thick, hung between his legs, and both Kristie and I had our eyes locked on it. 

"It's a nice cock don't you think?" Susan asked. 

"Love it," Kristie said, "play with it for us Craig." 

"Yes you too Todd, play with that cock," Susan said. 

Not wanting to disappoint we both took our cocks in our hands and started stroking. I stopped after a bit and crawled in the tub between Kristie's legs and started lapping at her pussy lips. She leaned back and put one leg up on the edge of the tub giving me full access to her pussy with my tongue. "Guys you have no idea how good Todd is at doing this, fuck!!"

She knows how much I love drinking beer and wine off her pussy while I am eating her so she was pouring her beer over her pussy as I ate her. 

As I glanced up I noticed Susan was sucking on Kristie's nipples and I could hear a slapping noise at the same time. When I looked over my shoulder I saw Craig pounding into Susan's pussy from behind. I couldn't take it anymore, and sat down in the hot tub and Kristie crawled on top of my cock and started riding me reverse cowgirl so she could still get her tits sucked, which she loves, and watch Susan get pounded by Craig. With all that had gone on throughout the evening, it didn't take either Craig or myself long to cum. It was like Kristie was keeping pace with Craig's thrusts which in turn made me and Craig cum almost at the same time. 

Craig collapsed into the hot tub and Susan snuggle up next to him as Kristie did me. We finished our beers, but all of us were wiped out. We crawled out of the hot tub and walked up stairs Craig and I being led by the girls as they held onto our cocks. Kristie got us towels and Susan dried me off while she dried Craig off. Each of the girls took our cocks in their mouths for a quick suck when they dried us off, and Craig and I returned the favor taking their nipples in our mouths while drying them off. We all crawled into our king bed and it was one big spoon, Craig behind Susan, who was behind me and I was behind Krisite. 

What a night. What new friends. What was coming in the morning???