 I looked at my watch once again nervously. God! It seems like we have known each other forever instead of just the short amount of time that we have been talking, and now finally the time has arrived for me to meet you face to face. Minutes are dragging by like hours while I am waiting here for you. I am watching peoples faces wondering if they are as nervous as I am, are they waiting here for someone they love, is time passing as slowly for them? I have the long stemmed rose in my hand; your sign to recognize me by.

Your face is etched in my mind; it has been from the first time I laid eyes on your picture. Your face has haunted my dreams, my life, and me. I hear the voice over the intercom telling me your flight has landed, and my heart begins to race. I glance sideways at my reflection in the glass windows and wonder what you will think, will you approve? I surprised myself when I went shopping for tonight I was looking for something conservative to wear when we first meet because I knew how nervous we would both be and I ended up buying this red dress. 

I look again as I brush my hair from my face back over my shoulder and then smooth the palm down over my side and my hip, I blush slightly as I once again see that the hem of the dress doesn't reach far below my fingertips. The small short bolero jacket does nothing but accent the shortness of the dress and the cling of the fabric to my body, I smile knowing you will definitely like this. I look towards the opening and begin to see the first few passengers begin to walk slowly out from their long flight, you can see weariness on their faces after all it is the early morning hours here. 

I search faces, as they appear in the doorway still waiting, apprehensive about our meeting. Then I recognize your eyes, I've looked at your picture for so long that I knew I wouldn't have any problem knowing you when I saw you but I never dreamed it would be your eyes that would hold me. I simply froze looking at you as you continued walking towards me, then you stopped and returned the same look into my eyes. And then in the same instant you dropped your bag and I took a step towards you as if choreographed . I felt your arms go around me as you pulled me close to you in a hug. 

I heard you whisper to me, "I have dreamed of this moment for so long, and now it has come." I raise my eyes to once again look into yours and as I do you lower your head and our lips meet. The moment of truth, will it be a shy kiss? or will it be a lovers kiss? Both of us so nervous, your lips lightly touch mine for a brief second and then they were gone, I opened my eyes in surprise and found myself staring deep into yours, that moment come and gone; then once again you lower your mouth onto mine, this time hungrily. I feel the urgency in this kiss, the want and the need that has been growing and we both have been feeling for sometime now. 

Your arms tighten around me and I feel one hand sliding down my back brushing lightly across my bottom, resting along the curve of my butt. Pulling me into you holding me there as your lips kiss me deeply and I feel your tongue begin to search in my mouth playing with my tongue. I feel strangers looking at us and it excites me even more. Little do they know that this is our first meeting instead of what appears to be a reunion. We slowly begin to part and once again to look at each other, our eyes never departing from the other. I brush the petals of the rose along your cheek and stop at your lips. 

Your hand reaches and grips mine as it is holding the long stem, "It is beautiful, just like you darling." I blush at your words and you smile knowing all this time I haven't been kidding about still blushing so easily. You step back and with one hand you pick up your bag and you slide your other arm around my waist pulling me close to you as we walk out to the sidewalk to get a cab. Because of the lateness of your arrival we had decided beforehand to just get a hotel room here near the airport for the rest of the night and then see how we both felt the next day as to whether or not you would be going to see my place this visit. 

We decide to get something to eat at the restaurant across from the hotel, since we could still sense each other's nervousness. The place was near empty and very dimly lit, we were seated and you ordered for both of us requesting a bottle of wine. After serving the two of us our wine the hovering waiter finally seemed to disappear. You then slid your chair around the table next to mine. We talked quietly as we sipped our wine, slowly warming up to each other, the newness beginning to wear away and a feeling of familiarity beginning to take over. I laughed quietly at something you said and you leaned back in your chair slowly slipping your arm around me smiling saying "there it is." A puzzled look comes over my face as I ask you, "There what is?" 

You reply, "That laugh of yours, I have loved it from the first moment I heard you laughing on the phone. I think of it and it makes me smile." 

Blushing once again I drop my head smiling, and I feel your fingertips touch my chin raising my face back up to yours and then your lips are once again on mine. Your kisses are so sweet I melt as your mouth takes possession of my mind, soul and body. I then feel your fingertips trace gently down my neck brushing across my breast causing electric sensations up and down. Then across my tummy to my lap, you begin a slow path up and down from the inside of my knee to the inside of my thigh and you feel my body tremble. I close my eyes and lay my head on your shoulder. 

The tablecloth covers our laps completely and I feel your hand slide down slowly between my thighs, gently parting them as your fingers travel further up. . Your left leg is pressed tightly against my right as I feel your fingers lifting my thigh and leg up across yours. You lightly touch my skin inside my thigh causing shivers to course up and down my spine and your fingertips still edging farther and farther up my leg until you reach the warmth you were searching for. Brushing the smoothest of satin you feel my heat through the softness of the material as I catch my breath. 

I feel your warm lips press against my temple and then my brow in a calming gesture, my want and desires growing second by second, I feel the moistness beginning to spread in eager anticipation. You are obviously enjoying the excitement as you continue to tease and torment me touching and stroking me through the material of my panties. You lower your head to mine as you whisper in my ear giving me hints of all the things that you would like to do to me as the night progresses, as the waiter appears and serves us our meal. 

I am so thankful for the darkness of the room because I know now between the excitement of the night and the excitement of your touch my face is now as red as my dress. We both begin to pay attention to our dinners and realize we are starving. I started to slide my leg back to my chair and you stop me with your left hand, holding it there still across yours. I relinquish and once again feel your fingertips tickling. We both look at each other's plates and just like a couple who had been together forever began to feed each other bites of food. 

You carve your steak up into bite-sized pieces and place a bite in my mouth as I share my seafood with you, bits of crab and lobster dipped in garlic butter and shrimp, all the while your hand never leaves my leg, as if you've staked the territory and claimed it for your own. Our plates quickly empty as does the bottle of wine filling our tummies but our hunger continues to grow and grow just with each others closeness. In what seems like hours we have spent only a short amount of time in the restaurant.

You pay for our dinner and we walk once again out into the chilly night air. The hotel is just across the street and we make our way to the front door where a doorman who welcomes us greets us. You sign us in and we are escorted upstairs walking hand in hand as we watch our two bags being carried ahead of us. The door unlocked we are ushered in and made familiar with our surroundings by an over-eager bellhop, who you tip very generously and request a do not disturb sign to be hung outside our room, smiling he nods and leaves us alone as we hear the door click locked behind him. 

All at once nervousness descends on the two of us again. I begin to fidget with my bag unpacking my few things I brought with me into the bathroom. While you remove your coat and lay it folded over the back of a chair. When I walk back into the room you have set up the bar for us, which is quite amazing at the variety we have brought with us. You hold up a bottle smiling, and I nod assenting, I watch as you pour me a drink and I see the hot tub in the corner and I decide to check it out. 

I turn the water on and begin to fill the tub, you walk up behind me and I feel you there before I see you. It is so strange how we are able to sense each other and each other's thoughts and feelings, but it has been that way from the start. I turn and accept my glass from you and take a sip. I decide to change into something a little more comfortable, so leaving you there to watch the water I exit to the bathroom to change. I brought with me two different changes of nighties, undecided until that moment which one I would wear. I picked up first one a white teddy with spaghetti straps, lace camisole and French cut legs, holding it up to me in front of the mirror. 

Then I held up the other it is a teal green teddy made almost completely of lace held together by small bits and pieces of teal satin in all the strategic places. I smile and decide on the teal green, removing my dress and jacket and red satin panties stepping into the teddy and slowly sliding it up over my hips and shoulders. Turning my back to the mirror I make sure everything is perfect as I hook my fingertips under the leg openings and pull the snugly across the cheeks of my bottom. Picking up two towels I walk out of the bathroom to wait for your approval.

Your back is to me as I enter into the room, my bare feet are silent on the thick plush carpet. I lay the towels onto the foot of the bed and quietly slip up behind you wrapping my arms around your waist. I begin to tug at the buttons on your shirt unbuttoning them one at a time still keeping your back to me, the excitement between us growing as your feel my fingers against your skin. I slide the shirt from your shoulders and my lips gently caress your back as I uncover the bare skin before me. 

My hands, palms flat against your chest, fingers outstretched as you feel my nails raking against your tanned skin, down your chest onto your stomach muscles, fingertips then playing with the covered skin beneath your pants and belt. I begin to unbuckle your belt slowly, tantalizing you, and then unfastening your pants and slowly sliding the zipper down before releasing them and we both feel them as they begin to slide to the floor. You turn slowly to me, my arms still around you, and I feel your arms wrap around me, pulling me close to you holding me. This feels so right, so comfortable, just like we had been together like this for years instead of minutes. 

I felt your hands slowly sliding down my sides then to my back and onto my hips pulling me to you, holding me tightly against your body. Your mouth is gently on mine in a sweet kiss, so tender and gentle until I am weak in the knees with your passions. I feel your arms gently encompassing me and you lift me up your hands on my bottom. Then pulling my legs around your waist I feel my back as it meets the coolness of the wall and you release me with your hands, holding me there against the wall with your body, I lock my ankles behind your back as I feel your hands once again on my butt lifting me slightly. 

Then you lower me slowly and I feel you hard pressing against me, sliding easily inside of me, deep inside me. I close my eyes and breathe deeply, we both have talked about and dreamed about this moment for so long and now it is here. At first we are still, my legs wrapped tightly around you holding you deep inside, my head back against the wall, my eyes closed as I feel your mouth beginning to explore, leaving my mouth kissing and nibbling my chin and down my neck. 

Your hands are both pressed against my breasts; palms cupped and finger stroking creating sensations that had long ago gone into hiding. Without even beginning to realize it my body began to respond to your kisses and touches, you let me know this as I heard a long low groan coming from your throat, as you felt the muscles inside of me begin to contract tightly around you and then release over and over. You begin to push against me sliding deeper into me as, my now bare butt slides up the wall and then you slowly withdraw and I slide back down again. 

Slowly at first and then as passions rise our rhythm increases, my arms are around your neck and your hands are on my shoulders, from the back, pulling me down on you, deeper and deeper with each stroke. I arch my back, pressing my breasts against your chest, as I feel I cannot stand it anymore, you feel my excitement and thrust harder and faster taking me over the edge, thrusting your hips upward into me and as moans of delight and pure ecstasy begin to escape from deep inside of me I feel you begin to pulse inside of me. 

With each heartbeat I feel you cumming inside me, cumming with me as we both ride a wave of intensity, a wave of passions building and rising high before cresting and we ride it to stillness once again. Our heads resting on each other's shoulders, both breathing heavily, from the exertions. I feel your hands traveling slowly down my sides and lifting up the lace of the teal teddy pulling it gently up over my head and you then drop it softly to the floor. Then reaching down you unwrap my legs from around you and slowly lower me to the floor. 

Then in one swift move you scoop me up in both your arms, one around my shoulders and the other under my legs, and begin walking, carrying me to the hot tub. There I see your busy endeavors from the time I was changing, an ice bucket with a bottle of wine chilling and two beautiful glasses waiting for us there. Still holding me in your arms you step into the steaming water and slowly sit down cradling me on your lap, as once again your lips meet mine in the most tender of kisses. You pour the wine as I hold our glasses, and I don't believe the wine could sparkle any brighter than your eyes as you are looking into mine at that moment. 

The water swirls and bubbles around our bodies sitting there; you are still holding me, unwilling to let me go. You slide off the ledge seat into the bottom of the tub bringing the water higher on the two of us and as you stretch out I lay back in your arms and we begin to relax. I lay back against your chest with my head on your shoulder and close my eyes, this just feels so right lying here wrapped in your arms, surrounded fully by your love, a sense of safe and secure I hadn't felt in a very long time. 

I hear your voice in my ear as you begin to talk to me, as we slowly sip our wine and our conversation continues. We reminisce the many phone conversations we have had since meeting, the fears we both felt at the beginning and the wonder as we both watched the fears melt away and the return of emotions that had remained dormant inside both of us for so long. Both of us so thankful for that day that we met and our conversation began and then how it continued on a daily basis, whether just a few words or many we both had to be able to feel the connection each day. 

The many miles between us had finally dissolved and now nothing separated us at all, we both agreed that contentment was found right there, with the tumbling, rolling hot water washing away the nervousness left while replacing it with such a feeling of complete satisfaction. I felt your mouth on my shoulder as once again I closed my eyes and felt tiny electric impulses traveling across my skin as you began to kiss and nibble on my shoulder and then traveling up my neck. I shiver slightly as your mouth moves up my neck and then to my earlobe, your breath in my ear causes me to tremble and you hold me tighter for the briefest of seconds before releasing me and turning me to you to face you. 

You place each of your hands on the sides of my face and look deep into my eyes, something I know you have wanted to do for so long. Staring back into your eyes I can see the passion there, the fire inside, and I am waiting for it to consume me completely. Your gently place your lips on my forehead with a light kiss and then closing my eyes again I feel tiny kisses all around my face, on my temples, my cheeks, my jaw, my chin, my eyes, the tip of my nose and then finally my mouth. 

Where you kiss me gently at first, a light tentative kiss, and you draw back looking into my eyes once again before gently giving me another and another, over and over until your hunger takes over and your mouth feeds hungrily on mine, as our lips part and our tongues touch and dance. Your arms pull me to you and I feel our bodies meet there in the water, my legs are around you and my breasts are pressed against your chest, feeling the rise and fall of each breath you take, feeling my body molded to yours as your passion rises once again, and your kisses reawaken the desires inside of me. 

Your hands begin to touch and caress my back and shoulders down my spine and then back up my ribs causing my body to shiver in response. You raise your knees slightly behind me and I lean back against them as your hands slowly slide across my shoulders down onto my breasts. Your palms cup them stretching your fingers around them, brushing your thumbs across my nipples causing a small moan to escape my lips. I close my eyes as I feel your mouth closing on my breast, your hot tongue caressing and licking each one. 

Then the sensations you cause as you gently rake your teeth across the skin closing tenderly around my nipple, biting gently, hearing another small moan escape my lips, as my breathing is now heavier. Realizing the effect you are having on my body you stand, and lead me from the rolling water. Wrapping a large soft towel around me for a moment, you tenderly kiss me. Gently you begin to towel dry my body beginning with my shoulders and arms, following the soft towel with your sweet lips. Kissing each piece of flesh as you towel dry it. 

Turning then to my breasts, across my tummy, down each thigh and leg before turning me around and drying the soft skin of my bottom before kissing each cheek tenderly. Then standing you turn me to face you once again, and wrap the towel around me and using the towel ends pull me to you, our bare flesh gently touching as you begin to kiss me, wrapping me in your arms. 

Slowly you walk me backwards until I feel my legs meet the edge of the bed and you gently lay me down lowering me tenderly onto the king-sized bed. Your body is towering over me as you lower your head kissing me and then raise it once again looking into my eyes, telling me without words how much you love me. Your mouth begins a trail from my lips along my cheek to my ear where I feel your breath and shiver in anticipation. I feel them then moving down my neck, kissing, leaving a trail of hot wet kisses behind as you make your way from my throat to my breasts. 

There you take your time to delicately unite your mouth with my breasts, melting them into one. My breathing speeds up as you take time and not neglect either supple round breast, stroking and fondling each one with your caressing tongue until each nipple stands hard and firm. I feel a throb of wistfulness as your mouth takes leave of my breasts, only to feel my pulses race as I feel your tongue next licking and probing my navel. I feel your hand surreptitiously gliding across the flesh of my lower tummy as it grazes my most sensitive area and then I feel your mouth begin to follow. Your tongue passes lightly over my pussy lips first one and then the other back and forth before I feel it begin to probe between them. 
