 A first meeting that was to die for!!

A little about myself; I'm 47 living with a long term partner that I get on well with but who doesn't cater for my more wild and basically submissive needs. I work a lot of hours and some very unsociable ones as well so I can actually find I don't seem to have that much time to myself. When I do I like to live a lot and play hard, I was once a submissive and learned just how much I enjoy being told what to do, what I didn't learn was that some people can make you even give that last saved piece of control that we all like to keep back. When I found someone that wanted it I had to stop myself just giving it to him.

Annoyed in the car park

We'd planned to meet in the car park of a pub not too fare from where I live. This man had actually managed to somehow make meeting seem a good idea even though I normally took a lot longer than this to feel comfortable! He wasn't like most I'd ever chatted with he just seemed to be in control, where as most others tried to be! We'd been chatting less than a week when he told me he wanted to meet me and that although I would not normally meet that quick he knew I was willing to do it with him. If it's right it will happen! I have no idea what he was doing to me but it almost felt like I was being hypnotised by his mind, oh yeah he could make me laugh and feel very comfortable. I'm the lady that likes to be controlled I always feel that I have that last bit of control, I've never really offered that last bit to anyone, this guy was potentially that man. I hadn't worked out if I could go that last step but it sure felt good to think about what it would be like to find the sort of person that could command that control... I was far from thinking this could be the man to let me fly like that but he had already made me cum twice like no other had managed online, I've done online before but have never really thought much of it, these two experienced were just that, experiences!

Even getting ready for this first meet I'd even spoken to him from in the bath to make sure he was still going to be there, I felt like a young girl on a first date.

I'd asked him what I should wear; expecting the him to demand that I wear some really tarty stuff but no again he surprised me by simply saying, "wear what you think I will like" I really wanted to be told but he knew that. His only stipulation was I wasn't allowed to wear trousers, what a bummer; so I decided on a shortish summer dress with hold-ups and reasonable heels. The other thing he managed to do was almost read my mind and he told me I had to wear knickers, I had intended not to because I wanted to see if he would find out.

As I pulled into the pub car park my cool started to loose its way, I saw him but managed to go down a dead end line of parking spaces and not where he was obviously waiting for me to arrive, I have a small car but what with the nerves and then getting it all wrong on the way in, when I finally got to where he was standing he told me to reverse into the parking space I have to say I nearly flipped! After a couple of shunts to get it right I managed to get out and have to say first impressions were really quite good. He was in a smart suit with a yellow shirt and a blackish tie... I'd seen him on cam but he looked better in real life.

He said hello and asked how I felt and I lied, saying I was fine. He then looked directly into my eyes and said he wanted to test my reactions and how I cope with something, I just smiled and told him sure; he got out in broad daylight a set of police style handcuffs and told me to give him my hand. He was very good because he could see the shock in my eyes so he explained how it would happen as I found myself lifting my hand to him and watching as he clipped one cuff to me, showing me how to hold the other cuff in the palm of my hand of my now cuffed wrist... He even told me to drape my coat over my arm until I get used to it being there. Then he chatted as though nothing was happening and guided me to the front of the pub and through the door, all the way to the bar. 

Even though I knew nobody could see the cuffs I was so conscious of the fact that there I was standing with a stranger in a pub with me wearing handcuffs that I didn't have the key for.

He bought some wine as we stood at the bar and was nice enough to actually ask me what I wanted even though he knew I wanted to be told what to drink; I guess that's why he did it.

The taking of the seat

The pub had a very nice seating area but for some reason I was taken to a wooden bench at one end of the bar, basically we ended up sitting at the end of a open bar so that we could see the whole bar area. He directed me onto the bench and told me to move up so he could take the seat next to me; I think I commented that I thought he would sit on the other side so he could see me. He just laughed and said he would be able to keep an eye on things next to me. So sitting we chatted as though we were two regular people, I have to say I wasn't really feeling that to be true but he was just so casual about it all. Although my stomach was doing cartwheels with tinges of fear and excitement of just being so naughty, he has a very calming affect that seemed to wash over me that, "it will all be okay"!

The first time he actually touched me was like an electric shock running up my arm though my whole body and straight to my inner wet depths and he had only touched my arm. I remember thinking, "what the bloody hell is the matter with me?" I get turned on but just don't normally find men that ever have this sort of affect on me...

As he carried on asking me question after question that I seemed unable to answer with anything but total honesty, sometimes even having to explain things I've never told anyone; his hand continued to work its magic up and down my arm. When I finally felt it move to my back which always has an amazing uncontrollable affect on me, I couldn't stop my eyes closing and feeling myself start to drift off to a place I haven't been for a long time... He couldn't help but see this but unlike most men he seemed to want to explore my reactions and pleasures, god I was getting bloody wet and my brain was whizzing around as I looked into the most amazing and seemingly knowing set of eyes I can remember ever seeing. There was no doubt he knew exactly what he was doing to me and that I was actually totally powerless to stop him, which I can assure you I didn't; it was bloody wonderful! As we continued with our chat it was as though he was playing with my whole body; like a musician learning to get the best out a new instrument. By the time his fingers and hand found the back of my neck I needed to cum but that is something he just seemed to be able to make me need like no other has. 

At one stage he moved very close to me and whispered something in my ear, I could feel the very breath from him on me and it sent tingles down my whole body; his voice carried such a menacing tone which was so amazing; the tingles whizzed around inside me as he took hold of one of me nipples and squeezed it really hard. The shock took my very breath away, firstly I have very sensitive nipples but more to the point this was a very public place and okay nobody was about but that wasn't the point; my brain was on fire and I was so alive my body was starting to control my normally very sensible mind; in fact that isn't even true, he was controlling every single thing that was happening, from what he did by touching me to the very affect it was having on my body, I had never been controlled so totally like this before. Before he moved away he took my other nipple and repeated the same, I was at a loss as to what to do as this was so far outside what I had ever experienced before! I'd been a submissive some years before and really enjoyed that time but he was whispering that this isn't about bdsm it is about life and life is not restricted to special clubs; it is only restricted to the safety of the people involved and the people that are about at the time. He explained that he was not ever going to upset people but wanted to be able to push new boundaries that I hadn't explored; I want him to push them so much! With that he openly took a nipple and squeezed it really hard, I nearly whimpered in pain but the shock of such a public place seemed to catch it in my throat. The pain and shock was intense but quite lovely; the as he did the same to the other I wanted more! He continues to tease and squeeze them as we chatted about both what I wanted and what he intended to do to me. Even when two men sat at the table next to us he continued with his wonderful teasing as they ate their lunches. I got very turned on over the fact that one of them knew something was happening but really wouldn't have had a bloody clue what!

I don't honestly knew when because he had me in such a state but he made me take my knickers off as I sat in the pub, then he lifted my dress, pushed my legs open and I felt his fingers as they explored me, touching and teasing my clit; I nearly came on the spot! He made me taste my juices and clean his fingers; god was I feeling like a slut but at that very moment I think he could have done almost anything with me! He knew exactly the state I was in and when the men had gone and he pulled the front of my dress down exposing my tits he knew I wasn't going to protest, I just wanted to please this man. I don't think I can remember feeling that exposed and horny ever!

We must have spend two hours chatting and him teasing and playing with various parts of my body but his real skill was playing with my mind. Even when we decided to leave he told me I had to put my cuffed hand on the bar as he paid, I was in such a state I just did it and the young chap that sorted our bill out again knew something was going on but really didn't know what.

Space in the car park or not

Finally he escorted me out into the car park where the cold air found my very hot, wet and exposed fanny, I just couldn't believe that I could feel the way I did, it still amazes me when I look back.

Although he might not sound it because of what he had already done to me, he really was a gentleman and I felt good as we approached my car. I had had an amazing time in the pub, what I didn't know was that was only a taster. I have a little convertible and as I was so bloody hot I decided to drop the top; as I lent in to pop the top his hand made contact with my hot wetness and his fingers found my clit. That was it I couldn't do anything about it, I just came there and then like a tart on heat, it was wonderful. I'd needed it so much and didn't feel bad about taking it; the thing I didn't understand was that was only the beginning. I very rarely cum more than once but as I turned around with the shock of the power of the first one still rushing through my body I sat in the drivers seat coming back down from the clouds, when he opened my legs and started again. I just couldn't believe the speed he got me to number two, I never cum like that, then another and not just small ones; I was soaked as he forced me to gush over and over. In a little world of my own I heard his slow, deliberate and menacing voice as he whispered words of encouragement in my ear; the sound alone made me cum again, soaking my dress and car seat. I was gasping for air just wanting so much more of him, as I came down from my private little part of heaven he guided me back out of the car and held me close. His wonderful fingers still teasing me to yet another orgasm but this time as I came with it literally washing down my legs he pushed them open so I was standing with them open with his fingers inside me, in an open pub car park with only my little car between us and the view from the main road. I just clung to him as orgasm after orgasm was forced from my shaking body and flood after flood of my juices literally splashed onto the tarmac between my legs; I felt myself collapsing time after time as my body tried to "space" but he managed to keep me just on the edge as he held me up. Finally his fingers slowed and I could begin to start taking stock of things as he pushed me down to me knees offering me a beautifully fat cock to suck, which I was delighted to do. I squatted in the pub car park in broad daylight and sucked his lovely cock like some cheep whore and more to the point felt good about it!

He didn't let me make him cum but instead stood my back up and started me cuming again, my clit was getting bloody sore and I was begging him to please stop. Again he stopped me collapsing as I started to space; god this man had some bloody magic fingers.

Finally he told me to get back in my car with me not knowing how many times I'd cum and we said goodbye but not before as I got in he bent me over lifting my skirt and spanking each cheek of my trembling bum first. Because of the state I was in he made me promise I would text him to make sure I was home safely. I wanted him to take me home and have me properly, but no he said we would save that for another day.

We have now talked about that day and I'll let you know how it goes!!