 Everything that occurs in this story actually happened. As this is our first story of many, the beginning does spend some time outlining who we are and our current situation so please do try to bare with it.

We thought It would interesting to write the story in parts – Each part is written by either Jack or Kirsty so you may notice an interesting change in perspective throughout.

I hope you enjoy.




I had been with my girlfriend for over 7 months when we decided to have a trip away together. Our worklife is pretty intense and a 4 night break away was exactly what we needed. 

Like our work life, our sex life is also rather active. We both live apart but when we do see each other, it doesn't take long before our clothes are ripped off and my cock is inside her. I love our sex life, and who wouldn't?

Kirsty is 5ft 4, she has a fantastic figure. Her ass is perfect to grope, a torso like a dream, well toned legs and simply, breasts most women would envy and nearly all men would dribble over (As explained later). Kirsty is rather Latino looking, of which many have asked if she is Spanish. She has long wavy brown hair, dark eyes and naturally tanned skin. Now, who wouldn't get turned on by seeing this girl?

05th May 2012 – we fly out to our holiday destination, Menorca. We were both extremely excited as this was our first holiday together. 

"Will she go topless by the pool? Will she fuck me anywhere and everywhere? How dirty will we be" I thought to myself as we take our seats on the plane.

The anticipation was growing as I continuously teased the inside of her thighs, gazed at her cleavage and smirked as I consistently got caught doing so.

"Jack, stop it!" she slapped me on the thigh, then leaned into me and whispered "you wait until we get there" and winked at me.

Instantly my cock grew and I am sure if the stranger next to me looked down, she would have seen a pair of shorts disguising a cock in desperate need of attention.

We arrived at the airport and queued at airport control. Kirsty was ahead of me. She was wearing black tights with a small skirt that barely covered her ass. I went for a sneaky squeeze now and again, instantly the blood rushes to my cock and I feel myself begin to grow. This time she turns to me...

"You make me wet mister and I'll make u hard!!" with that her hand lowers and shes grabs my semi hard cock through my shorts and lets go. 

My cock is now rock solid, of which I need to re shuffle (As most guys reading this will sympathise, it's a common occurrence).

We finally make it through airport control and embark on our journey to the hotel complex (roughly 1 hour away). It was late, 23.05 to be exact. It was dark outside, slightly dimmed lighting on the coach and not many passengers on board.

By this time myself and Kirsty have not had sex in public, or had any sexual encounters in risky situations but I felt this trip away, we may as well attempt to push the boundaries. The thought of it made my cock grow once again – I have read many exhibitionist stories online and always wanted to experience it myself.

15 minutes into the journey I had a look around the coach. There was a family towards the back, a few couples scattered but not too close to see anything. Although, there was one couple sat a row behind but on the opposite side. I would have guessed she could see me but she couldn't see kirsty.

I decided to test the water. My hand rested on her leg and began to move it up and down the inside of her thigh. I watched my hand intently as I slowly moved it closer and closer. I could feel the heat intensify. Kirsty started to shuffle. Clearly she wanted me to touch her but I don't think she was too comfortable being as there were other people on the coach.

I persisted. My hand got closer, yet she didn't stop me. I had adjusted her skirt so that my hand could easily reach her pussy. Her hand pushed mine away, although she didn't pull her skirt down. I looked at her, smirked, and moved my right hand up her leg and stroked up to her pussy. Her body reacted instantly. She raised her pussy so it followed my hand and her eyes closed. I moved my hand back down to her pussy and concentrated on rubbing her clit through her tights. Her hips moved rhythmically with the movements of my fingers, the heat was growing and a very slight moan was released from her mouth.

My cock was rock solid. Embarrassingly, I could see a wet patch growing, so I quickly adjusted my shorts. This girl drove me crazy. Here I am, sat on a coach with a bunch of strangers, rubbing her pussy and watching her moan. All I could think about was sliding my cock deep inside her.

I moved my hand lower so that I could feel her pussy lips. Kirsty was dripping wet, her lips parted slightly as I teased the outside of her lips through her tights. I could sense Kirsty getting closer so I moved my hand back up to her clit. I stroked it slightly faster, she grabbed the back of my neck, pulled me closer and kissed me. The sensation shot through my body making me moan as my cock hardened even more. She moaned into my ear as I rubbed faster.

"I'm so close Jack don't stop" she whispered.

I wondered if anyone could see. What if the couple could both hear us and were getting turned on listening? I secretly hoped so.

"DON'T STOP" she demanded again

Her rhythms gathered pace, her moans grew longer and her pussy became wetter. I just wanted to fuck her so I could make her cum all over my cock.

All of a sudden there was a large bang as the coach drove over a bump. The hand luggage had fallen from the overhead compartment, making myself and everyone on the coach jump. It instantly broke the excitement and Kirsty had pulled her skirt down as she looked to see whose luggage it was.

"Such bad timing" I thought to myself!


Part 2

'BANG' the coach driver hit the breaks and luggage was all over the aisles. 

It was clearly just a pot hole in the road but still came as somewhat of a shock to me, my short black skirt was raised up around my waist whilst my boyfriends hand was caressing my thighs and pubic area at the time! In body I was sat on our coach transfer but in mind I was definitely somewhere else focusing on something else entirely.

Jack & I had only been dating for a short while but I knew after the first time we were intimate together he was the one. As most women reading this will sympathise it is extremely difficult to orgasm during penetrative sex without some form of foreplay to assist, but Jack had all basis covered and I have yet to not cum during sex. His cock was abnormally large and with myself having a slight frame you could say we were sometimes 'up against it' in the bedroom department, but we were not defeated and Jacks unselfish willingness to perform oral sex meant by the time his cock was touching my lips I was dripping wet and my pussy was pulsating for him to be inside me. There was something about his cock being too big for me that really turned me on, I could fight through the pain and sometimes it strangely drove me crazy for more!

We weren't yet at the 'I love you' stage of our relationship but I was stupidly fond of him and had a warm feeling that he felt the same way too. 

"Wow such bad timing" he giggled as I adjusted my skirt down past my hips.

A sudden rush of embarrassment came to me; I was burning up and could feel my face turning red. This was by no means a standard act for me and the reality of what had just happened hit home with a bang. I shuffled in my seat uncomfortably and Jack squeezed my thigh softly in reassurance as he sensed my nervousness. 

Jack was gorgeous and at the start I felt a little insecure about myself, especially being naked in front of him. I had always viewed myself as inadequate to other women in terms of curves and my general figure overall but Jack quickly curbed that, he paid me a stupid amount of (genuine) compliments and made me feel super sexy. He literally could not go five minutes in my company without going in for a grope; my ass, a boob or a gentle kiss on the neck and I loved it. I really did feel like I was the only woman he wanted and had an urge to make him feel the same. He literally drove me insane and it was an effort just to keep our clothes on in the end!! 

"It looks nice" I speculated as the coach pulled into the hotel reception. 

Whilst I was making small talk with the check in staff, Jack was stood closely behind me. I could feel him gazing down my top. At 6ft 3 he was in the perfect position to take a sneaky peak without getting caught! I knew what he was up to and the thought of it sent shivers through me, the hair on the back of my neck stood up as sweat from the change in climate began to drip down between my 32c cup breasts.

Jack leaned in and whispered in my ear "I can see your nipples" I looked down and my right nipple was exposed from my bra, my nipples became erect instantly and I could feel my lace thong dampening. I wanted him so bad.
Hurry up !! I was saying to myself as the dithery old fool behind reception was explaining where the complex restaurant is located. Its 1am why do I need to know where the restaurant is? All I wanted was to be sat on a rock solid cock while my boyfriend moves his fingers slowly around the rim of my ass. 

Jack pushed what felt like a semi hard on into my back, could he read my mind? Whilst neither of us had said it I had confidence that his stare had confirmed to me what would be happening when we closed the hotel room door, and I couldn't wait! The excitement was getting too much, my clit throbbed for attention at the thought of his touch and my breathing became slow and heavy. 

"Room number 27, block C. Enjoy your stay"

"Thanks" I gasped as I snatched the room key and dragged Jack out of reception by his hand. 

As we shuffled across the complex with our luggage, I looked down at Jacks 'tenting' shorts. He was hard, I was wet and I could not wait to tare his clothes off and kiss every inch of his gorgeously toned body (No one had ever had such an influence over my sex drive by just being so sexy!)

"I'll take that" he offered lifting the small black suitcase out of my hands as I struggled up the stairs of our hotel block. I used this as a window of opportunity to make my move, and grabbed his cock firmly. 

I took Jack by surprise and he dropped both cases on the floor. His gaze caught mine, he leaned towards me and we kissed passionately, I nibbled on his bottom lip as he lifted me from the floor. I wrapped my legs around his waist and he grabbed both ass cheeks tightly.

His right hand moved slowly around the top of my leg and he was now stroking across my pussy gently as we continued to kiss. My long dark hair was tied back in a pony tail. Jack tugged it hard and my head was thrown back, he began to kiss my neck and chest......I was so wet and literally could not contain myself. I'm going to cum I thought as he continued to brush past my clit, I could feel his saliva running down my top and teasing my nipples.

Jack pushed a finger slowly inside me and I moaned for more. "I'm going to cum" I moaned. "No you don't!!" Jack demanded "I haven't finished with you yet". 

With that he placed me gently back on to my feet and kissed me sweetly on the forehead without moving his eyes away from mine.

Jack had the ultimate 'take me to bed' eyes, piercing blue, glassy and eye lashes that even I was jealous of. It was this feature that drew me to him instantly in the start and I continue to be unable to refrain from jumping all over him when he looks at me in that certain private way, where only he & I know what he is alluding to.

As he picked up both cases and began to walk up the stairs, he turned back at me and gave me 'the look' I giggled, squeezed his ass and continued up the stairs behind him......this holiday would be unforgettable I was sure of it. 

Part 3

Bang, the door slammed shut. I gazed around the room, a TV, a table, a queen sized bed, a sofa and large patio doors opening out onto the balcony that looks across the complex. 

"Where will I fuck my girl this weekend then?" I thought to myself. During this exact thought I feel her warm breath on the right side of my neck. Shivers run down my spine and instantly my cock begins to grow once more. Her soft lips touch my neck and begin to kiss me. Her tongue is too much, I turn round and our lips meet.

Her kiss causes my cock to grow even harder; her hands lower down my back and grab my ass, pulling my bulge into her. She moans in my ear and squeezes harder. 

"Ive wanted you all day, I cant wait any longer for you!" Moans Kirsty.

I cant tease anymore and pull her top off exposing her black lingerie to me. I run my tongue up and down her neck and sensually kiss & nibble just below her neck line. Her eyes are shut and her mouth is open as she enjoys my lips all over her body.

I release her boobs from her bra and begin to lick her nipple. She moans out loud and throws her hands around me and pulls me towards the bed. I let her pull me on top of her as her hand moves down my torso and lifts up my t shirt with both hands. Her nails run down my body and moans again for me to fuck her.

I kiss down her body and run my hands up her legs. I feel the heat from her thighs as she desperately spreads her legs for me to touch her most intimate part. I watch her as I run my nails from her breasts, down her stomach, and then along her pussy. Her body raises and her mouth opens as she moans out loud. I feel how wet she is through her tights, making my cock push frustratingly against my shorts.

All I can think about is sliding my cock into her pussy for that first time but I restrain myself to further build the excitement.

I slide my fingers inside her tights and pull them down her perfectly sculptured legs. Kirsty is wearing matching lingerie, a black see through thong that barely covers her lips. As I write this I look down at my bulging cock, dripping through my CK boxers...... (Back to the story!)

I tease the inside of Kirsty's thigh and watch as she arches her back and pushes her pussy towards me. I move my hand closer and closer until I'm on the edge of her thong. I cant take much more, I pull the thong aside and admire her amazingly groomed pussy. Her lips were slightly parted and a drip of juice was ready to slide down her slit and down her ass. Kirsty's pussy was shaved all over except for a small bit of hair just above her clit. Her clit looked as if it was dying to be caressed.

"Jack, pleasseee touch me"

As asked I lowered myself just above her clit and let my tongue tickle the tip of it. She moaned out loud and raised her pussy so that I would take more of her pussy inside my mouth. My mouth was around her as my tongue began to lap at her juices.

Licking Kirsty turned me on so much. Her pussy always tasted immaculate and watching her moan and scream for more, consequently made me want to lick her more and more. She often questioned why I liked it so much but I couldn't really explain it. The idea of driving my girlfriend crazy was enough to drive me crazy.

I trailed my tongue up and down her, caressing her clit tenderly and then slowly moving it down her lips. I would move my finger to the opening of her pussy, teasing her as I stroke her clit with my tongue.

"Just fuck me Jack!" she leans forward and grabs my arms and pulls me towards her lips. She moans as she tastes her pussy on my tongue. She frantically pulls at my shorts as she desperately awaits my cock to enter her.

I pull my shorts down and release my cock from the agonisingly tight boxers. My cock springs free and pre cum is already dripping from the tip of me. All I can imagine is sliding my cock deep inside her but again i refrain from doing so.

I look down at my amazing girlfriend, she has the look of desperation, desperate to feel my cock, her nipples are rock hard and her hips are thrusting for me to edge closer.

I cant take much more and look down at my cock. It is rock solid and staring directly into my girlfriends wet pussy. I edge it closer, Kirsty's hands are frantically trying to pull me into her. 

Hmmmm the head of my shaft slowly tickles her wet lips.

"Fuckkk mee Jack pleasssseeeeeeee fuck me hard!" 

In that second I thrusted my cock deep inside her. The full length of my shaft is engulfed by her dripping pussy. 

"Oh Fuck Kirsty your pussy feels amazing around my hard cock" I moaned out loud. She begins to thrust herself against my hips, riding my cock but in the missionary position. My arms either side of her as I take my weight soley in my biceps. She grabs my ass and digs her nails into me as she thrusts her pussy up and down my length.

"Ooooh Kirsty faster!!!" Her pussy pulling my foreskin back and forth. She varied her speed and varied how deep my cock entered her. Now and again I would push myself deep inside her making her moan out loud for more.

I can feel her pussy becoming warmer, her moaning is getting louder, her nails are digging deeper 
"Im so closeeee!" Moaned Kirsty. "More more more" were her demands. I could feel her juices drip down my thighs.

I thrust myself depper inside her again. I begin to take control, sliding my cock depper and faster.

"Oooooooooooohhhhhhhhhh im going to cummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!!" I grabbed her head and forced her to watch me as her climax hit.

"Ooooooooooohhhhhhh fuckkkk, harder harder,  don't stoppp!!!!!!!!!!!" Her pussy tighens around me. She opens her eyes and stares into mine as she continues to moan. Her body jerks and continues to thrust into me making sure her orgasm lasted for as long as possible.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh I love your cock so much".

Kirsty having an orgasm is the most sexiest thing I will ever see. Instantly I could feel my cock harden and my orgasm begin to near. I have been dying to cum all day and finally it was about to happen. 

I pulled my cock further out and deeper into her pussy making sure it pulled back my entire shaft. My speed increases as I feel myself getting closer. The thought of my girlfriends cum all over my cock sent me over the edge

"Oooooohhh im cummingggggggggg Kirstyyy" I couldn't hold it back and im sure the people next door would have heard me. My orgasm hit and my cum exploded inside her. Kirsty was moaning as she felt my jizz enter her. I pulled my cock out and squirted the last bit of cum all over her clit and over her body.

I sat back on the end of the bed and looked at Kirsty up and down. She replied with a naughty smirk. Her hands moved seductively over her breasts, down her body, and onto her jizz covered clit. She opened her legs as she watched me stare down at her. She threw her head back and moaned in pleasure as her fingers danced over herself - She knew exactly what she was doing. Her hand then moved back up to her lips and slowly licked my cum off her fingers. I was ready for more!

From this point I knew this was going to be one hell of a trip.

This is the first part of our trip away. I hope you enjoyed it as much as we enjoyed writing it! The next part will be published as soon as possible. The trip becomes much naughtier, dirtier and riskier so please do keep an eye out for the next part if you enjoyed this encounter. 



Please do add feedback as this is our first story and would love to use the advice given when writing the next part of our trip.