 I often wondered what we would do if we were ever put in this situation. In fact, that's all I thought about on the flight out. As nervous and as excited as I was, wondering if I was going to get to feel your hands on my bare skin was driving me wild. I have no patience left; I know what I want and where to find it. And the plane is lining up with the terminal gate...

I draped my small carry-on bag over my shoulder and walked toward the gate. This little girl inside of me was so scared to look up, but the woman, this sexual creature, overshadowed this little girl, and my head lifted slowly. My eyes sought you out; my heartbeat found another beating to the same rhythm. And there you were. Our eyes met for a moment, and stayed locked as I walked toward you. I stopped about a foot in front of you and put my bag down. As I do, I feel your arm slide across my back as you pull me into you, and lean in slowly as your lips brush across mine. My body shivered, and you felt it, too, because you loosened your grip on me, but not enough to really allow me any room to move. I met your gaze again and you leaned down brushed my lips with yours before engulfing my mouth. My arms threw themselves around your neck and you began softly kissing my neck.

"Greg..." I whispered softly.

"Hmm?" Was your reply. Both of your arms held me close to you, and you held me in a warm embrace for a moment. Until I whispered in your ear, "I want you." 

I felt your body relax for a moment as a deep breath and a quiet moan escaped you. You reached down and grabbed my bag from the floor with one hand, and my hand with the other, as you pulled me through the terminal doors and into the humidity of the Seattle summer night.

----

I could see the beads of sweat forming on your forehead as you opened the truck of your car and set my bag inside. You unlocked the passenger side and opened the door for me. I allowed my breasts to rub against your arm as I sat down on the seat. A year's worth of sexual tension and lust for you was built up inside me, and my heavy breathing was proof of that. 

You got into the driver's side and symbolically slid your key into the keyhole, turning the car on. As we pulled out of the parking lot, I reached into my purse and pulled out a cigarette. I put it to my lips just as you flicked your lighter for me.

"Thank you." I whispered as I rolled down the window. There was a chill in the night air that cooled my face as we drove. I finished my cigarette without saying a word to you, and tossed it out the window. I turned my body towards you and looked you up and down. I watched your legs and your foot moved from one pedal to the other.

"What?" You asked quietly. I shook my head and leaned into you and whispered, "Pull over."

I didn't need to ask twice. In a moment, we were on the side of a secluded road, surrounded by trees and brush. You turned the car off and glanced at me. I moved across the seat so I was right next to you, and put my hand on your chest. Your heart was pounding. Your eyes closed and you breathed deep through your mouth. I leaned in and kissed you softly as my hand made its way down your body slowly, until it landed on it's mark. As I brushed your crotch, a shudder went through your body and I felt the area beneath my hand rise and harden. You sighed deeply as my other hand moved to caress your cheek.

"Do you want me to?" I didn't need to ask.

"Um hum." Was all you said. I kissed your lips again as both of my hands lay claim to what was hiding inside your shorts.

I unbuckled your belt, and unbuttoned your shorts. I moved your shirt up a little so I could kiss your stomach. I felt your hand on the back of my head, running your fingers through my hair. My hands found the top of your boxers and slid beneath them, coming to a rest just above your quivering cock. I pulled down your boxers with both hands, exposing what I came for.

It stood to attention, waiting for my touch. I grabbed it gently and began moving my hands up and down the shaft, very slowly. I reached down with my free hand and began to run my fingers around your balls. A low moan escaped your lips, and I looked at your face. Your eyes were closed, your mouth half open, which is what mine needed to be.

I turned back towards my prize and stared at it as I held it in my hand, almost as quickly, I leaned in and put my mouth on the head of your cock, sending a wave of pleasure through your body, I leaned in a little farther and slid my mouth down your pole. I wanted to take it all in my mouth. I felt the head in the back of my throat, and it was an amazing feeling. My lips were just an inch away from the bottom of your shaft, and I felt my throat open up to allow your cock room to move, My tongue moved up and down your shaft as I deep-throated your cock.

I pulled my mouth off your cock for a moment so I could see your face. Your breathing became heavy and your eyes opened. "Please don't stop." You whispered in a raspy voice. I had no intentions of stopping. I leaned back down and placed my mouth back where it belonged and began bobbing my head up and down and your cock slid in and out of my mouth. I could hear you moan each time I sped the pace up, until I was going so fast that you were constantly moaning. I felt your hands grab my hair, and push my head down. "Are you ready?" You whispered in short bursts. I was. Absolutely I was. I opened my throat and took your entire cock into my mouth as you pressed on my head. The head of your cock was down my throat as it began pulsating. A guttural growl formed in your throat as waves of pleasure rocked your body. I felt your cock pulse as you began to moan. Your cock stayed put in the back of my throat as you began to come. I wanted to take it all. I wanted to show you that I really wanted it. 

After you went limp, I opened my mouth and released it's prisoner, licking every inch of it as it exited my mouth. You reached in the back seat, grabbed a towel (did you have this planned)? And handed it to me. I wiped my mouth and your legs as I pulled your shorts back up,

"Thank you." You said as you lit up a cigarette. You smoked your cigarette as your hands caressed my body, my head in your lap. You tossed out your cigarette and turned the car back on. I sat up and moved back into the seat.

"Where are we going?" I asked. You smiled at me and chuckled. "A hotel." You said. "But don't worry. You won't be doing much sleeping."

A smile crept over my face as the dampness between my legs increased.

----

We pulled into the hotel parking lot about an hour after the blow job. You still had a smile on your face, and an hour seemed to be a long enough time. I wanted to feel your stiffness again. I knew I would before the night was through. You had made reservations for us using your real name, which surprised me, but didn't matter either way. We were shown our room, and the king sized bed it contained. "Welcome to heaven," you whispered in my ear as we entered the room. The bellhop said a few things to us, none of which I remember being too focused on what lie ahead for me, and left. I stood in front of you, my back to the bed. You leaned into me, forcing me to lose my balance and fall back onto the bed. My shirt was loose, and moved a little, revealing my bra. As you stood above me, you noticed this and pulled me to my feet. You grabbed the bottom of my shirt and pulled it over my head. My breasts heaved in your face as you cupped them both in your hands. You reached around my body and unhooked my bra, letting it fall to the floor. My head threw back as once again, you cupped my breasts in your hands, rubbing my nipples between your thumb and forefinger, pinching them, squeezing my breasts. You leaned in and licked my nipple, massaging it with your tongue as your mouth grabbed on. You began sucking and massaging my other breast with your hand. 

As your mouth continued to explore my chest, your hands found their way down my body to my shorts. You fiddled with the buttons for a few minutes and I suddenly felt a draft down there. I was standing completely naked in front of a fully clothed man. I reached over and grabbed your shirt, practically ripping it off your body and throwing it on the floor. Your pants were next, and I was an expert at those already. I pulled your shorts and boxers off and grabbed hold of my prize again. He rose quickly and I knew what he wanted this time.

You pushed me down on the bed, a little rough, but I liked it rough. You told me to move back and I obeyed. You climbed up onto the bed and loomed over me as I lay on my back. You pressed your body against me as you leaned in to kiss me. The most passionate kiss I have ever had in my entire life. As we kissed, I could feel my legs move slowly apart. I couldn't focus on anything. Your mouth on mine, or what was going on down below. Slowly, but deliberately, you pushed my thighs apart with your legs, your cock was just inches from my pussy. You continued to kiss me, and my heart beat faster and faster. You sat up for a moment, and your hands grabbed my hips and with one yank, you pulled my body downwards, and you were inside of me. I moaned in both pain and pleasure. Unbridled pleasure that I had never felt before. My legs opened to give you more room as they curled up. You didn't move as you allowed me to become adjusted. Your body was pressed tight against mine, as you began to move, slowly, in and out. Your arms were beside my head and you looked deep into my eyes. You pushed deep inside me and my eyes rolled back. I moaned and breathed heavy as you moved in short, deliberate strokes, wanting me to beg you for more.

I arched my back and whispered something in your ear. 

"What?" You asked as your cock pulsed within me.

"Fuck me!" I shouted in between labored breathing. "Fuck me Greg! Hard. Fast. Long." That was all the encouragement you needed as you pulled yourself up and grabbed my hips. You pulled your cock out slowly until just the head was inside of me. Seconds seemed like an eternity as you stared into my eyes. Then you plunged your cock deep within me, making me scream. But you didn't stop. You rammed me over and over again, each time causing me to lose my breath and moan. My hands reached up and my nails dug into your back.

"Oh God Greg! Greg... Oh Greg.." I moaned as your cock slammed into me over and over again. Your hands grabbed my tits as your cock filled me time after time. I screamed your name again and you sped up, fucking me faster than ever.

"Come for me." You moaned as you pushed farther and farther into me. I needed no encouragement. My body began to shake as I felt my orgasm growing. My breathing became labored, as did yours. You sped up as I began moaning. "Here I come, Greg." I yelled, as waves of pleasure racked my body. I felt a shudder go through your body at the same time and knew what it meant. I felt your cum shoot inside me, filling me up, your cock pulsing inside my pussy, pushing the last of your seed into me. When you had finished, you laid down on top of me, your head resting on my chest. Your cock still buried inside my pussy. We both turned to look at the clock. It was 3:00 AM. The night was still young and we had a lot more stuff to do before the morning comes, or we come again. Either way, it was going to be a long night.*