 After several emails we decide to meet for coffee, looking for that important chemistry. I walk into the coffee shop and know immediately who you are. You radiate with beauty and sensuality. Our eyes meet and the twinkle in yours makes my heart race. Absentmindedly we order our coffee and choose a secluded table.

As we sit close together with our coffee and talk softly, I gently reach out and touch your arm. You eyes look into mine with a twinkle of anticipation. My hand gently slides up and down your silky arm. As I take your hand in mine you squeeze it approvingly. Perhaps we should find a place where we can be more intimate, I suggest. You agree. With eager anticipation we leave the coffee shop. 

At my car, as I am about to open the door for you, you turn to face me. Our eyes meet again. I take you in my arms and pull your body close to mine. Our lips meet as our passion builds. Our lips part slightly as our tongues touch tentatively. I sense your excitement as I pull you tighter to me. Our kiss deepens as our breaths quicken. I feel your nipples become erect as they press against my chest. My cock hardens as I become deeply aroused by the feel of your body against mine. We can hardly contain ourselves. With a deep breath and giggle of anticipation, you enter my car and we drive off.

I saw a motel near by and quickly drive there and get a room. You sit in the car fantasizing about what is soon to happen. I am so excited I can hardly walk as I return to you and we drive to the room. I fumble with the key but soon we find ourselves alone inside the room.

I pull your body tightly to me again. This time we are uninhibited as we grind our hips together. Our kiss is deep and wet. Our tongues dance a lover's dance. My hands stroke your neck and shoulders as you press harder and harder against me. My cock is so hard and you feel its desire.

My hand slides down your blouse as I caress your breast. I feel your erect nipples desiring attention, demanding to be set free. I quickly unbutton your blouse as our passionate kiss continues. My hand fondles your breast through your bra. Oh it feels so nice. I slide your blouse off and pull the bra strap off your shoulder. Slowly I free your beautiful breast. Oh what wonderful nipples. My kiss moves down your neck. My tongue leaves a sensual trail of wetness as I lick my way down to your nipple. Slowly at first my tongue runs round and round your nipple. My hand cups your breast as I pull it tighter to my mouth. I suck your nipple into my mouth. You moan with delight as I nibble and suck harder on your nipple.

We are both so hot. I continue to suck your nipple as my hand slides down between your legs. I press my hand against your pussy feeling your wanting even through your pants. Quickly I unfasten your pants and slide them to the floor. My hand caresses your pussy lips through your panties. I feel your wetness soaking your panties and I know you have the same desires as I have. My finger slides gently under the edge of your panty as I begin to feel your pussy lips. I slide my fingers up and down your pussy, teasingly. You groan with desire. I quickly pull your panties off exposing your gorgeous pussy. 

I slide my way back up your body and take you again in my arms. But now you are naked. I kiss your mouth deeply as we dance back to the bed. I gently ease you back onto the bed as my kiss once again traces down your body. But this time I am going farther than your breasts. I suck your nipples on my journey to heaven. Your legs widen to accept my attention. I kiss the insides of your thighs as you wreathe with desire. My fingers stroke your pussy lips softly as my kisses move ever closer and closer. Now I begin kissing your pussy lips. Nibbling on them. Taking one and then the other into my mouth. My tongue slides between them and I taste your sweet juice. Oh your scent is so erotic. My tongue runs up and down your pussy. Each time teasingly flicking your clit. Your hips rise with desire at each stroke. My tongue darts deep inside your pussy. Round and round. You are having one orgasm after another. I fuck your pussy with my tongue over and over. Then my tongue slides up to your clit. Oh it is so hard and waiting. I run my tongue over it, round and round it. I suck it into my mouth and gently nibble as my tongue dances on your clit. You are screaming with ecstasy now. Your are cuming so hard. My face is soaked with your juices. I love it.

As I suck your clit, I put two fingers into your pussy. Oh, I have found your G spot. You jump with excitement. The orgasms are so intense. Your nipples are so hard and you are pinching them as I suck your clit and finger fuck you. My cock is so hard I can not stand it. I must have you now. I rise up and grab my shaft. I run the head of my cock up and down your pussy. You love it. Slowly I put the head into your pussy. Oh it feels so good. I drive it farther and farther. Your hips rise to take me deep. Finally you have all of me buried deep inside you. Oh it feels so great. I press and press wanting to go even farther. My cock presses against your G spot and you cum again and again. 

I begin to pump my cock in and out. Slowly at first. I love to see it going in and out. Seeing my cock shining wet with your cum juice. Faster and faster we go. Each drive is harder and harder. My cock strains, as it grows as hard as a rock. You are screaming with ecstasy. Telling me to fuck you harder and faster. My cock throbs with pleasure. We are both reaching the brink. My cock begins to pulse as my balls tighten. I feel the cum rising in my shaft as I drive it one more time deep into you. Your vagina muscles squeeze me so tight as you sense the rhythm of my cock's spasms. My cum shoots out filling you. Hot stream after hot stream my cum blasts deep against the walls of your vagina. We are both screaming with passion. My body sweating as we both reach the climax of a great orgasm together.

Consumed, I collapse on your body. Our deep breathing moves us erotically together. My cock is still hard as we share the after glow of our lovemaking. Oh it is so hot and slipper inside you. It feels so wonderful as my cock slowly deflates. It is even erotic as my cock slides out of your pussy and our mixed cum drips out of you and down my shaft. We look at each other and laugh. I kiss your lips softly as I roll to your side. Oh I love this part too. The holding, the unspoken pleasure as I gently stroke your body - rub your back, caress your breasts, softly touch your face and look into your eyes. Oh my, this is what is meant by being lovers!!!!

XOXOXOXOXOXO 
John