 I did something very wrong today, but I'm not going to feel bad about it. It turned out pretty well at the end, you see.

I had to go to the dentist for a cleaning. I don't enjoy going to the dentist, but it's a necessary evil. My usual hygienist, Jamie, was on vacation, so I had a new one. Katie. Katie is young, short, and full of life. Not a statuesque beauty, but man she looked good. She's probably 21, 5-1, maybe 115 pounds. But she has a really, really nice pair of tits that were round and full and womanly.

I'm old enough to be her father, so I'm not under any delusions that she's into me. I'm a tall, distinguished looking man, but a girl like that can get a young guy any time that she wants one.

So I'm in the chair and she's in my mouth, chattering away while she works. She's cute and funny and I wasn't minding being there too much. One of the things that I like about this dentist's office is that they give you dark wrap-around sunglasses to wear so that you don't have that glaring light in your eyes the entire time. I usually will get so relaxed that I'm nearly asleep, but Katie was chattering enough and engaging me so I couldn't really relax that much.

And then she started working on the left part of my mouth. She was on my right side, sitting on a stool, working away. She said, "Turn towards me please, so that I can get to your teeth, ok?"

Sure, why not, if it gets this over with. And I turned my head to the right, and she went back to work, completely focused on the task at hand. And her tits, her beautiful, full b cup tits, were right there, in my face. An inch from my nose. I tried looking away, I tried turning away, but she said, hold still, I'm just getting started.

She was wearing a thin white t-shirt and that fit snugly against her chest, so I could see every curve, every beautiful nuance of those tits. I haven't had young tits in my face in 20 years, and I didn't know what to do. I tried to look up at the ceiling, but every time I tried to move at all, she would touch my chin and say, "Hold on, almost there."

I could see her nipples swelling through her shirt, through her bra. It was a puffy nipple, about an inch and half across, with a firm nipple right in the center. That stiff nipple was growing before my eyes and was so close that I could have licked it (if she didn't have my mouth already occupied, of course).

I thought that she had to be nearly done, but she was still working away at it. I was getting aroused, and I could feel my cock starting to swell in my shorts. God, I hope she doesn't see me, that would be horrible.

And then she moved forward again, closer still, and her nipple was planted against my cheek. Fuck. I could feel the heat from her boob, I could feel the stiffness. I groaned in spite of myself, savoring the feeling of a young tit against my face. She heard me groan and must have thought that I was in pain. She said, "Almost finished, try and stay still, please.", and she started moving so that her tit was pushing hard against my face, sliding over my cheek and towards my mouth. I had no idea what would cause her to have her nipple on one side of my mouth while working on the other side, but I was enjoying it.

My cock was stiff now, growing down the leg of my shorts. If she had looked that way she would have seen it. I'm not huge but I'm big enough that it shows when it's hard. I was worried that the head could have peeked out.

Pushing her chest against me, letting me feel her tit in all of its glory. I looked up and she was focused on the other side of my mouth. Then her nipple slid towards my lips and I licked. I couldn't help myself. It was a natural reaction to the feeling of having her that close.

It felt so good to feel that stiff nipple on my tongue, and I savored the hardness.

Katie noticed that. She jumped and moved back quickly. I said, "Sorry, I had a pain in my jaw." She smiled at me, said, "Oh, that's all right, no harm done.", and went back to work, pushing right that nipple right back at my lips. So I licked again, and I heard her make a little, almost silent "Oh fuck.". Her hands moved out of my mouth, and her nipple pushed in. I nibbled on it, trying to suck it into my mouth through the many layers of fabric. She put her hand on my chest and just stayed there while I had my way with her nipple. I didn't start this, but I sure as hell was going to enjoy it while I could. She dragged her nails over my chest, hitting my nipple and sending a shock through my chest.

My cock was so fucking hard by this time, and I knew that the head was probably sticking out of the hem of my shorts. I didn't give a fuck if she saw it or not. I put my right hand on her other tit and started squeezing it, feeling for her other nipple, trying to get it to pop out as well. Her shirt was soaked with my drool, and I was in heaven.

Her hand moved down to my waist and towards my cock. She touched it and I jerked. She grabbed it through my shorts and started stroking it. I pulled away from her tit long enough to say, "I need you, Katie, where can we go?"

She said, "Well, I think everyone else has gone out for lunch, so we should have the place to ourselves." She gave me an evil grin as she reached into the leg of my shorts to caress my cock.

I reached around and squeezed her firm little ass, noting that she was wearing a thong under her scrub pants. She groaned when my hand moved up to her waist and I slid my fingers into the waistband above her ass.

She got up, said, "Come on, we don't have much time!" She grabbed my hand and took me into the bathroom across the hall. I followed her in and locked the door behind us while she went over to the sink. She slid her pants and panties down, then leaned over the sink, presenting her perfect little ass to me.

I reached under her shirt and bra, feeling her tits, squeezing them hard. I wanted to fuck her, yes, but I had to get a few squeezes in first. She said, "Hurry!", so I let them go and yanked down my shorts and underwear, my cock bouncing out in the open. She was staring at it as it pointed towards her and she said, "Fuck, I knew you were big. I've been wanting you forever!"

I didn't know what she meant, but I also didn't care. I moved quickly behind her and lined up with her pussy, rubbing my cock against her lips, trying to get her juices on me so that I could get lubed up. Then I pushed forward and slid all the way in, balls deep as she screamed.

"OH FUCK!" I felt her pussy squeeze down on me as I held it in place. She said, "Come on, I want to feel you fuck me! Fuck me so good!" I grabbed her hips and starting pumping into her. I wasn't going to waste time. If she wanted it, I wanted to give it to her.

I could see my cock sliding in and out of her soaking wet pussy lips, and I was covered in her juices. I knew I wouldn't last long at this rate, but I hoped I could make her cum first. I thought it would probably be a race to the finish line.

Within minutes, her pussy started really grabbing hard on me as I pumped in and out. She groaned, "Oh fuck, yeah, I'm cumming. Fuck me harder, Daddy, fuck me harder!" So I grabbed her hips more firmly and fucked her as hard and as fast as I could. I was close too, and I wanted to cum with her if I could.

She let out another scream and I felt her pussy pulsing, squeezing me with her tight, deep muscles. That was enough for me, and I exploded into her, covering her pussy with my cum. I felt wave after wave from my cock, and I thought it would go on forever. I couldn't stop shooting.

But soon I did, and I pulled away from her, my cock sliding out of her with a little pop. She was gaping wide open and cum started pouring out of her and running down her legs. She reached back and grabbed some paper towels to clean up the mess. Then she turned around and I leaned forward to kiss her, gently but deeply. She put her tongue in my mouth and purred as we hugged.

We put ourselves back together, and she grabbed a sweater to put on over her wrinkled and soggy shirt. I said, "What just happened? And what did you mean that you wanted me forever?"

She smiled and said, "You don't remember, do you? I was in school with Jordan, and I used to come over to your house all the time! God, you were such a hunk! I fantasized about you all the time when I was younger! I gave myself so many orgasms thinking of you."

Katie, Katie, I didn't remember, oh fuck. Katie. The plain girl with no chest and braces and those thick glasses. I had thought that my daughter Jordan was friends with her just to be nice to her!

"Katie? You're Katie? Wow, you've certainly changed! God, you're gorgeous!" She smiled and jumped forward again to hug me tight, letting me feel her tits crush against my chest. They felt so good, and I wished we had the time for me to suck on them properly.

I said, "Did you, um, plan this? Did you know that I was coming?"

She laughed. "Of course! I made sure that you were scheduled when everyone else was gone! And then when you arrived, I realized that you didn't recognize me, so I decided to have a little fun with you. I thought that you were never going to take the hint! Jesus, I almost had to shove my nipple into your mouth!"

I laughed. "I wondered why you were doing all of that. I was really enjoying the view!" I kissed her again.

We went back out, making sure that we still had the place to ourselves. I went back to sit in the chair, and she grabbed the floss and started flossing my teeth just as the door opened and the receptionist came back in.

Katie said, "Well we're about finished, Mr. Stephenson. How does that feel?" She winked.

I said, "I've never had such a good experience at the dentist before!", and she laughed quietly.

She leaned forward and whispered, "I get off at 4, if you want to maybe pick me up. We could go somewhere and maybe have some fun?"

I leaned closer, kissing her on the cheek. "See you at 4. Thanks, Katie. You are an amazing woman!"

Comments and feedback are much appreciated. It makes it more fun when I hear from you!