 I have lit the candles. A simple dinner of prime rib, roasted new potatoes, and asparagus hollandaise is waiting. The wine is chilling. I have set the scene for our first meeting. In the bedroom, I have a few surprises waiting for you, silk scarves tied to the bedposts, and a blindfold among them. Just thinking about it is making me quiver in anticipation. I have been waiting for this night for months. 

Now it is time to prepare myself for you. I have already bathed in the fragrant oils that scent my silky skin with jasmine. My skin glows with the shimmer powder that I have dusted everywhere. I twist my chestnut hair up into a loose bun and secure it with black lacquered sticks, leaving a few wispy tendrils to frame my face and tickle my neck. I fasten the three strand pearl collar you helped me pick out around my slender throat. Next, I fasten on the black satin corset and slip into the matching thong. It feels so sensual next to my skin! Now come the 4" black high heels. I wrap the ribbon ties around my ankles and halfway up my well toned calves, tying them with a sexy little bow. Almost done! I smooth the black opera length satin gloves past my elbows. One final spritz of perfume and I am ready for you. 

I have wondered about this moment for months, since we started chatting on-line. Will you find me attractive? Sexy enough? I am already attracted to your mind and your kindness. You looks are of no consequence to me. I have always been more attracted to power and how a person makes me feel inside. How do they treat me; as a person, or an object they wish to possess? Many have possessed my body; precious few have possessed my mind; but none has ever possessed my heart. Will you be the one?

Perfect timing, I hear your car come up the dark winding drive. I rush to the door, further excited by your arrival. I can barely contain myself. I am a jumble of nerves, waiting for you. I have never done this before. I hear your steps coming up the walk slowly. Are you as nervous as I am? I wonder to myself. I hear your soft knock and reach for the doorknob, my hand shakes. "C'mon you can do this," I whisper to myself. Taking a deep breath, I pull the door open and see your face for the first time. 

My lips curve into a smile and I say, "Come on in stranger. I've been expecting you." I reach out and taking your tie, pull you over the threshold and into my embrace. I pull your face closer for a kiss and close the door at your back. Reaching up you stroke my cheek and break from the kiss. 

"Wow! You look amazing! That is the sexiest outfit I have seen in my life. I can feel my blood pressure rising." You say. I reach down and cup your swelling manhood with my hand and reply, 

"That's not all that's rising, handsome. Are you hungry, dinner is waiting?" Taking your hand, I lead you to the dining room. I ask you to pour the wine while I serve. I take my seat next to you as you begin eating, I run my fingertips along your thigh.

With your eyes half-closed in delight, you reach down and stop my exploring fingers. "If you keep that up, dinner is going to be spoiled." You tell me. I give you a wicked grin and promise to behave. All through dinner, I keep looking into your eyes and finding reasons to brush up against you. Casually stroking your arm, your hand, rubbing your calf with my foot as I cross my legs under the table. Finally, you put down your fork, and I ask if you are ready for dessert. "I couldn't put another delicious morsel past my lips." You reply. 

"Oh, I hope you're wrong about that." I respond. With a twinkle in your eye, you say; "Well maybe just one more tasty morsel."

I push my chair back and rise, you start to rise with me. I stop you by placing my hands on your shoulders. Then I settle on your lap facing you. "Why don't you let me make you more comfortable?" I say, and nibble on your earlobe. 

"Yeah, okay." You whisper, huskily. I lightly grind my firm ass into your lap and feel your throbbing bulge. Hearing the soft moan come from your lips, I smile. I push the jacket off your shoulders, and pull your tie from its knot.

I feel your hot breath on my neck, as you bite it gently. Sucking at the sensitive skin softly. Your lips marking a trail of discovery to the swell of my breasts thrusting over the top of the corset. Sitting back slightly, I reach down, work the buckle of your belt, and pull it free from the loops. I put it behind your neck and pull your face into the fragrant valley of my breasts. When your tongue touches the velvet skin of my tender breasts, I feel a tightening in my loins. I can feel my love juices begin to flow. I fumble with the zipper on your trousers, but finally pull it down. "Let's take this to the bedroom, Honey." I pant in your ear. 

"Lead the way, My Love." You say.

As I rise from your lap, I see the damp spot on the front of your pants, and say, "Better just take those off now, Darling. Shorts too." I want you already naked when I lead you to the bedroom. You give no argument and let the pants drop to the floor. You push down your boxers with them, letting your rigid cock spring free, at last. "Mmmmm look what you brought for your Baby Girl!" I reach out, grasp you in one gloved hand, and gently tug you along behind me, through the house and to my bedroom, feeling your cock pulse in my tender grip.

There is just one small candle burning in here, giving off just enough light to see the outline of the bed. I lead you to it and gently push you down on the smooth satin of the comforter. "I want you to lie in the middle of the bed." I tell you firmly. Then straddling your waist, I run my gloved hands up over your chest and over your arms. Leaning over and teasing your lips with my tongue, I stealthily take one of the silk scarves tied to the post and loop it around your wrist. 

"What are you doing?" you ask. "Shh, just trust me, Baby." I whisper in your ear. Then I proceeded to tie the other wrist as well. I feel your body tremble under mine, and I know that I can do whatever I wish with you. God! I love the feeling that comes from knowing I have your complete trust. Shifting, I reach behind you and pick up the blindfold I have waiting there. I put it over your eyes and fasten it behind your head. As I start to rise, you ask in a panicked voice, "Where are you going?"

"Relax honey, trust me. I'm not going anywhere." I walk to one corner of the bed and bind one ankle, then move to the other and finish the job. After I have you completely bound, you test your bonds. I watch as you see they aren't going to give way. I watch as the panic comes over your face as you realize how helpless you now are. I wander around the room, lighting candles in my wake. When there is a soft glow in the room, I return to the bed. Seeing you there, naked and at my mercy makes me so hot! I can feel the cum dripping down my thighs. Standing over you and looking down I ask, "Do you trust me? Will you obey my commands?" 

You hesitate, but then concede to my demands. "Yes, I trust you. I will obey." 

"Very good! As long as you obey, you will be given nothing but pleasure. However, if you disobey or displease me in any way, you will have to be punished. Do you understand?" 

"Yes." You croak, you voice like sandpaper. 

"Yes, Mistress." I command. 

"Yes, Mistress. I understand." Pleased with your response, and knowing that your throat is dry, I ask if you would like something to drink. "Only if Mistress will permit it." Is your reply. 

"Very good. I suppose you have earned it for showing your eagerness to please me." I pour a glass of ice water from the decanter next to the bed and cup the back of your head, bringing the glass to your lips. After the first few sips, you begin to gulp the ice cold liquid greedily and I pull the glass away. "That's enough for now, I think." 

"Yes Mistress. Thank you." You say. I smile to myself. This is going perfectly.

"Now, time for some fun!" I reach for the wispy feather on the nightstand. I begin to lightly stroke it up one leg and then the other. I move on to your abdomen and tease the sensitive area just above your groin. I continue stroking there until I see your cock begin to twitch. I watch as it becomes fully erect and I see the pulse beating in the thick vein running down the length of it. I move the feather on to your hard little nubs and begin my torture there. Your breathing is becoming more labored and shallow. I know that if I continue you are going to cum all over yourself. "Do you like this?" I ask.  

You shudder as you try to control your body and say "Yes Mistress, very much." Again, I watch as you fight and try to keep from exploding. I haven't told you that you aren't to cum, but you assume that it isn't allowed. Therefore, you fight, trying to please me.

While you are regaining control of yourself, I unhook the corset binding me and let it drop to the floor. Then I slip the thong down my curvy hips and drop them as well. Now I am standing next to you wearing nothing but the black satin gloves, pearl collar, 4" fuck me heels, and a smile. 

"You have been tormenting me with that silver tongue of yours for months. Now it is time I finally make proper use of it. I climb back on the bed and position myself on my hands and knees over you, facing the foot of the bed. I look between our glistening bodies and see as you lick your lips in anticipation of lapping at my honeyed mound. My voice husky with arousal, I say, "Mistress has a treat for you, would you like to have it now?" 

"Ummm. Yes, Mistress." You pant. Slowly I drop my hips to your waiting mouth and feel your tongue dart into my moist folds like a little cock. You start licking between the folds with long hard strokes, giving an extra little flick when you reach my ultra sensitive clit. Hearing my low moan of pleasure, you increase the pace. Licking and stroking with vigor. Then you pull my throbbing clit into your mouth and suck on it. You nibble at it gently and stab your stiffened tongue into my hole, lapping at the juices now flowing freely. My climax building, I take your rigid cock into my gloved hands and begin stroking it lightly. Supplying just enough pressure to let you feel, but not enough to take you over the edge. I lower my head and kiss the tip. When I dip my tongue into your little hole you jolt as if hit by lightning. I lap at the clear drops of precum oozing from it. When you raise your hips to try to push past my lips, I stop. 

As I rise up and off the bed, you ask, "Where are you going?" You forget to address me as Mistress in your confusion. 

"You have displeased me, and now you must be punished." I say casually, as if it makes no difference to me. 

"What? I was doing what you wanted." You hastily spout. 

"Mistress." I remind you." You have forgotten to call me Mistress. In addition, you did not have my permission to try to push your cock into my mouth. You have not earned the right. So, now you must be punished for your actions." 

"Mistress, please forgive me, I was caught up in the moment. It won't happen again." You sputter. 

"Quiet! Are you ready to face your punishment?" 

Without hesitation you meekly reply, "Yes, Mistress. As you wish. I have dishonored you, and I must be punished."

Very pleased with your demeanor and quick reply, I note that you seem to be a natural submissive. I pour some of the wine I have waiting in the ice bucket next to the bed and sip it thoughtfully. I let the crisp golden wine sit on my palette and swallow. Putting it aside, I take an ice cube from the bucket and settle myself astride your body. Dropping my hips and putting my dripping cunt just out of reach of your throbbing member. You gasp as I rub the ice cube up your chest and, I circle one of your tender little nipples with the ice until it is red and very hard from the intense cold. I slide the cube across to the other nipple and bend down to flick the tortured little nub with my hot velvety tongue. I scrape my teeth over it, knowing that the pain and pleasure are so intense you cannot tell one from the other. 

You bite down on your lips to contain the moan threatening to escape you. When you have it under control again, I bite down firmly. Your hips buck and your raging hard on prods at my folds. I repeat the torment with the other nipple and get the same response. I know this is not the punishment you are expecting. However, I know intense pleasure without release is far more torturous than any amount of pain I could inflict upon you. True pleasure borders on pain in its intensity. "Does this feel good?" I ask you. 

"Only if my Mistress wishes it." You whisper, your breath coming out in shallow pants. 

"Yes, I am very pleased with you. You have accepted your punishment and in doing so, pleased me very much." I see you breathe a sigh of relief at my words. "I am going to allow you to cum for me very soon. However, first you must satisfy your Mistress. Only after I have anointed you with my love juice may you have your release." 

"Oh, thank you, Mistress. How would you like me to please you, Mistress?" you implore. Hearing the submissiveness in your tone, makes my juices flow faster down my thighs. I know that this first time is going to be over too soon, but we have the entire weekend to explore every aspect of each other's bodies.

"You are going to fuck my hot pussy with your clever little tongue. I want you to drink my sweet honey while I fuck myself on your face." 

"Gladly, Mistress. Anything you wish." I remove the blindfold as I place a thigh on either side of your head. I grip the iron bars of the headboard and look down into your eyes. You extend your tongue past your lips and stab it quickly into my wet slit. Keeping it rigid, you dart it in and out of my hole like a little cock. You run it up and down my hungry slit. I reach over and untie each wrist, freeing your arms at last. You wrap them around my thighs and using your fingers part my labial folds, revealing my engorged love button. You blow your hot breath on it, before taking it in your mouth and sucking on it like a babe at the breast. My hips start to buck wildly, as my climax approaches. 

The air rasping out of my lungs roughly,"Bite my clit! Shove your fingers into my cunt!" I command. When you do, I spurt my cum into your waiting mouth and grind my hips down onto your face. My thighs repeatedly squeeze your face as I feel orgasm after orgasm course through my body. You continue sucking the juice oozing from my quivering body when I collapse, spent and weakened, against the headboard. 

As my breathing begins to even out, I sit up and move off your face, allowing you to breathe freely again. Lying next to you, I curl against your side, pull your face to mine, and kiss you deeply, tasting my honey on your sticky face. "My God, you give fantastic head!" I moan in your ear. 

"Thank you, Mistress. I am here to please you." 

"You have more than pleased me my pet. You have earned a special treat. Now I am going to let you cum. For your efforts, your reward is that you may choose the method." 

"It is very kind of Mistress, allowing me to choose. But I am at your will." Surprised by this, I decide that I am going to please you in the same manner as you did me. I quickly untie your legs and gently massage the blood back into circulation. I work my way up to your calves methodically. Your body tenses when I start on your thighs. I lightly brush my satin-clad fingers along the inside of your thighs until I reach your heavy scrotum. Gently, I lift your balls into one hand and caress them, eliciting jerky sighs from your lips. When I see you fight against displaying your arousal I whisper to you; "Its okay. You can let me know when I am pleasing you. If there is something you would like me to do, all you have to do is ask. You are in control now. I am yours to use however you wish."

"A drink." You croak out. "I need something to drink." I lean across your body, my heavy breasts brushing over your chest, and reach for the glass of wine waiting on the nightstand. You sit up, bracing on one elbow and take the glass from me, drinking deeply, you drain the wine. You hand the glass back to me and thank me. When I start to sit back on my heels to await your instruction, you wrap your strong arms around me and take possession of my mouth with your own. 

Cradling my face in one large hand, you reach up and pull free the sticks anchoring my bun. My hair tumbles down my back in a cascade of soft curls. You bury your hand into my thick mane and drag my head back, exposing the tender skin of my slender neck. You nip the milky flesh with your teeth and suck gently. Stroking your hand down my womanly curves, you plunge your fingers into my slippery center. The suddenness of your penetration makes me arch back and thrust my creamy breasts up like an offering. You leave a trail of wet kisses from my neck to one pert orb. You take the nipple into your moist mouth and rasp your tongue over it. As you nibble and suck on the stiff peak, you roll my other aching nipple between your fingers, squeezing rhythmically.

You drive me higher and higher towards the peak. When you grind your thumb over my throbbing clit, I soar over the edge and cry out with my climax. I bathe your invading fingers with my sticky juices. Little licks of pleasure course through my body as you continue to stroke me gently. Utterly drained, I sag against you. You bring your hand up to my face and slip a finger past my lips. "Suck it! Taste your lovely essence." I suck your finger greedily, taking it all the way into my mouth. "What a good little cum slut you are." You invade my slick lips with another finger, pumping in and out of my mouth as you did with my pussy.

"That's what you want. Isn't it?" You demand. Your harsh words have an electrifying effect on me. My skin starts to tingle and my breathing comes uneven. I realize that the power really has shifted, and I am no longer in control. My heart flutters against my breast. 

"Yes, Master. I am your nasty little cum slut." I whimper softly after you remove your probing fingers from my mouth. You place a finger over my lips, silencing me. 

"No. Not Master." You say, looking into my eyes. "I want you to be my equal. Now. Always."

Your words stir something inside me. I feel warmth spread through that has nothing to do with the multiple, mind-blowing orgasms I have just experienced. Is this what I have been waiting for I wonder? You have touched my soul. None has ever tried. All my life my lovers had either submitted to my whim, or dominated my body. None had asked to meet on equal ground. I am now in uncharted territory and I have no idea how to proceed.

Panic slams into me, like a freight train. Suddenly I cannot breathe. My heart is racing. It feels like I am drowning. "Its okay, My Love." You reassure me. You feather your lips over my face and down my neck. Gently, you ease me back on the bed, lying beside me with your arms around me in an intimate embrace. You continue to murmur soothing words into my ear until at last I am able to breathe. The fear slowly replaced with a feeling I am unable to identify. 

The panic attack subsides and a single tear slides down my cheek. You brush it away and replace it with your warm lips. "Its okay, Baby. Don't Cry." You tell me softly. "Let me show you more than sex. Let me show you how to love. Sex without love is just sex. It feels great, don't get me wrong, but it is just sex. However, sex with love is like nothing else you will ever experience. Will you let me show you how it could be? How it is meant to be?" you implore. You draw the gloves off, remove my shoes, and unfasten the pearls from my neck. Leaving me completely exposed to you.

My breath catching in my chest, my heart pounding, I reply timidly, "Yes. Show me. Show me how to love. Take me where none has ever taken me before, My Love." I boldly bring your lips back to mine in a searing kiss.
