 Let me start of this story with telling you a little bit about myself. My name is Mari and I'm 40 yrs old and married but my husband no longer cares to have sex with me. I'm 5'7 medium build so I have curves, my hair is long and reddish brown and my breasts are a 36ff. 

My partner in crime, his name is Chris, also married and he is 34, around 6'2, very muscular built with a few tattoos over his body but of course when we first started chatting I didn't know this. 

It had started out as nothing but teasing in a chat room, me pretending to rub ice over my body and him licking it off. We had then moved onto chatting in private, still just teasing each other with out the cyber sex, but then one night that changed and I know it was just words that we were typing to each other but he made me feel so much of a woman that I just didn't want to stop. 

We exchanged pictures of each other and when I opened it my stomach done a flip, all I hoped was that he felt the same way. I waited for him to reply to me in an email and it seemed to take forever to come through, then there it was an email from him and all it contained were 5 little words "I want to meet you". 

My head was spinning when I read those words over and over again; I mean we were both married did we really want to take the next step. I emailed him back and told him I would have to think about it for a couple of days. And god did I think about it, over and over again. Then I sent him an email back with just one little word "yes".

So here I was on the way to the hotel that we had arranged to meet and I had spent a lot of time getting ready as well and had bought myself a new black Basque and stockings to wear for our meeting. I walked into the hotel and into the bar where we had arranged to meet, so that if either of us had second thoughts we could have time to decide before going up to the room.

I looked over and there he was sitting waiting for me, he looked up and across to me as if sensing that I was there and our eyes met. I walked over to him while he stood up and brushed his lips gently against mine and the said "Hello, you look just as good if not better than on camera."

I was very nervous at first but managed to mutter a hello back to him as I sat down on the seat beside him. We both ordered a drink and while we were waiting on it arriving he took my hand and looked me in the eye, he said "You know that we don't have to do this, we can always just have the drink then go our separate ways." I look up at him and my stomach done a flip and I knew there and then that I wanted this more than anything, I reached my hand up to his face and said "No I want to do this, I really do." 

Our drinks arrived and I finished mine quite quickly and then taking his hand I pulled him up to his feet, letting him know that I was ready to go up to the room. We walked hand in hand towards our room and he opened the door and we both walked in, closing the door behind us. He turned round to face me pushing my back against the door and placed his mouth down onto mine, this time no light brushing he waited for me to open my mouth under his and then pushed his tongue in finding mine until our tongues were dancing against each other. 

His hands moving up to cup my face, kissing me deeper letting me know how much passion was building between us. My hands reached around the back of his neck pulling him harder to my mouth, kissing him back just as wildly. Feeling his hands leave my face and running down to the front of my blouse, pulling the buttons apart and lifting it of my shoulders and down my arms, letting it drop to the floor. 

He broke from my mouth and took a step back to look at me and I could see the desire in his eyes, reaching for my hands to pulled me towards the bed, he then sat at the end and placed my hands around my hips turning me so I had my back to him, he then unbuttoned my skirt and let it fall to the floor, I could hear him gasp and feel his eyes burning into me, before he turned me back around to face him, I leaned forward and caught his lips with mine, kissing him again. 

He stood back up beside me letting his fingers run over me, gently cupping at my breasts over my Basque, he started to kiss across my neck and over my shoulders, little kisses flicking his tongue while his lips were on my skin then biting down gently onto me, my body now on fire. I felt his hands moving further down my body, trailing his finger tips over my stomach, I could feel my legs begin to shake and placed my hands onto his shoulders to steady myself, he must have sensed this because he turned me around and sat me on the bed, laying me back. 

He lay beside me and his hands felt like they were touching me everywhere, we moved a little further up the bed and he began to kiss across the top of my breasts, his hand moving up to them as well sliding under the material cupping one in his hands, feeling his fingers run against my nipple, hardening under his touch, then he pulls the material down over me and places his mouth over it sucking my nipple into his mouth, a dart of passion gripping me and running over my entire body, arching my back underneath him. 

My hands moving to the back of his head holding him to me letting him know just how much I am enjoying what he is doing to me, but then he releases my nipple a little gasp leaving my mouth, letting him know that I miss his mouth already, but he isn't finished with me he reaches behind and starts to unclip me, removing my Basque leaving my laying there with only my panties and stockings on, he moves his mouth down to over my stomach, while his hands start to stroke across my legs, pushing them open slightly. 

My moans are now filling the room as he starts to stroke his fingers up the inside of my thighs, gently grazing them sending chills up to between my legs, my legs open even more, wanting more from him, then feeling his fingers skim across my pussy, he must have felt how wet my panties were because I hear a groan coming from his mouth and then hear him saying "I have to taste you."

He moves himself in between my legs and his fingers hook into my panties and pulls them down; I lift my hips up of the bed letting him pull them down. I feel his breath against me my pussy already so wet with the anticipation of what is going to happen. His lips are caressing the inside of my thighs moving closer to me, I then feel his finger stroking across my lips, opening them slightly and feeling his finger slide into me and his mouth moving across me, his tongue flicking against my clit. 

My whole body raises off the bed with the feel of his mouth on me, his tongue swirling over my already swollen clit, teasing it before he wraps his lips over it and sucks it into his mouth, I feel a second finger entering me slowly pushing in, my hands reaching for the back of his head urging him on, not wanting him to stop, my moans louder and louder as I feel my body getting ready to explode, and then it happens my orgasm hits me full on and my body begins to shake as I scream out "Fuck Chris oh baby, I'm cuming."

My hands grabbing him, and pulling him up beside me, taking his mouth with mine, tasting myself of his mouth, pushing him onto his back so I can straddle him. My hands grabbing at his shirt, pulling it off him as he raises himself slightly off the bed. I start to kiss down over his chest as my hands roam over him, feeling his skin against mine. Moving further down his body, I reach my hand to the front of his jeans and start to unbutton them, letting him raise his hips so I can pull them down. 

Moving myself down in between his legs and stroking my fingers up the inside of his thighs, hearing him moan softly as I get closer to him, I place my mouth against his thigh and start to kiss up until I reach his balls. I flick my tongue against them gently, just teasing them. I then run my tongue up and over his shaft from the base to the head of his cock, swirling my tongue over the tip. Feeling his hand reach for the back of my head and stroke across my hair, knowing now that he wants more, I open my mouth and place my lips over the head of his cock and suck it gently, my tongue moving over him, tasting him. 

My hand reaching around the base of his cock, while the other one is stroking across his balls, I start to slide him into my mouth, wrapping my tongue around his shaft as I do, feeling him lift his hips up wanting me to take more. I slide him in further taking as much of his cock as I can into my mouth, then start to move up and down on him slowly at first, savouring his cock. My fingers stroking over his balls as I continue to take him deep into my mouth, I start to move faster on him, my hand sliding up and down his shaft in time with my mouth, feeling him twitch slightly and hearing him moan louder. 

His hands reach for me to pull me up beside him and then his mouth closes over mine kissing me deep. He moves on top pushing my legs apart with his knee and reaches his hand down to his cock, pressing it against my opening and then teasing my clit with the head. Wanting him so badly now, I can feel myself lifting up to him urging him to enter me. He pushes the head of his cock in between my lips and reaches his mouth down to my breasts, sucking on my nipples one at a time. He slides further in taking his time, letting me enjoy myself stretching around him, until he is deep in me. His hands slide under my ass lifting me up to him, while he keeps himself deep in me. 

He slowly withdraws till the head is just in, and then pushes hard back in making me moan louder than before, setting up a rhythm between the two of us, my hands reaching for him stroking over his body and my legs wrapping tightly around his back. My body aching for another release, my pussy is squeezing tight around him, my body lifting up to him, wanting more, needing more, urging him on. My body explodes under him, pulling him tighter into my as my pussy quivers around him, I feel him pick up speed, wanting him to fuck me faster, moaning louder and shouting for him to fuck me faster. 

His head moves above mine and he looks straight into my eyes, so full of passion, leaning forward to kiss me as he fucks me deep and hard with his cock. Both moaning into each others mouths, I feel him swell inside me knowing he is getting ready for his own release, I lift my hips up higher matching his thrusts, telling him how much I want his cum deep inside me, I hear a deep moan escape his lips and then feel him cum deep inside me, filling me, thrusting deep each time to release his juice. Feeling him twitch deep in my pussy, as the last drops are emptied inside. 

We just lay there like that for what seems like hours, our hands stroking over each other, as we continue to kiss. Looking into each others eyes, his hand stroking across my face and realising that this is not a one time thing.