 I can't wait until you get here. I was already naked, and my pussy was wet with anticipation. We have talked so much, online only, that the first meeting was sure to be explosive. You should be here very soon. I can't wait much longer. I am aching for your touch. Where are you?

There it is, the knock at the door. I didn't think it was possible, but I just got a little wetter and could feel my pussy juices leaking down my thigh as I walk to the door. You asked me to meet you, wearing nothing but my glasses. And I am happy to do that for you. I was standing behind the door as I opened it, so as not to completely flash my neighbors. But at this point, I want you so much I don't care what they see. As you come in the door, your hand drops to my pussy and you slip one finger in and out of my pussy. Just once, and bring the finger to your lips. Your tongue flicks out and licks it clean. Then you kiss me. 

It's our first meeting, and our first kiss tastes of my desire for you. But you want more. Before we have even spoken a word to each other, you drop to your knees and come face to face with my wet pussy. You look up at me, smile and run your tongue up my slit. Again, just once. You stand and kiss me again, longer this time. We are just standing there, kissing, me naked, you fully dressed, and I am so turned on by it. Just being naked in front of you while you are dressed makes me feel sexy. 

But I want to see you, too. I reach down to your pants, and unzip them, slowly. I reach into your pants, and pull out your hard cock. It's already leaking a bit of pre-cum, so I run my fingers along the head to gather it. I break the kiss long enough to taste you. MMMM, better than I expected. 

Before we even move from the foyer, I drop to my knees and take your cock all the way into my mouth. I quickly bring you off, swallowing every drop of your cum. I stand up and say hi. 

I led the way to the stairs and walked up them in front of you. When I got a few steps in front of you, and your eyes were directly on my ass, I reached back and spread my cheeks, showing you that I had a plug in my ass. You put your hands on my cheeks and pushed me quickly up the stairs. When we got to the bedroom, I got on my knees with my ass in the air. You planted little kisses all over my ass cheeks. You were running your fingers through my wet pussy lips lightly. My knees were on the edge of the bed, with my feet hanging off the bed. you got on your knees next to the bed and began licking my pussy in earnest. Using your hands to spread me open, you darted your tongue in and out of my dripping hole. I was muffling my screams of pleasure by leaning onto the bed. I love the way your tongue feels, bathing me in pleasure. I kept cumming and cumming, squirting my juices into your mouth and all over your face.

You removed the plug from my ass, and slipped your tongue easily into my ass, rimming me expertly. You slid two fingers into my pussy at the same time. Then a third. Then a fourth. I was still gushing all over your hand as you worked to get your whole hand inside of me. Finally, your thumb pushed in and I was fuller then I have ever been before. Your fingers tickled my cervix, as I was stretched around your wrist. God, it felt so good, I squirted more cum around your hand and soaked your arm to your elbow. After I told you I couldn't take it any more, you pulled your arm out of me and licked your fingers. 

I rolled over on my back and turned around, hanging my head over the edge of the bed. You stood and entered my mouth, fucking my face. I liked the way you felt hitting my throat on each thrust. Faster and faster, your cock entering my mouth all the way, your balls slapping my nose. I took you in this way for awhile, enjoying every minute your hard cock slammed into my mouth.

When you needed to cum again, you knew where you wanted it to be. You wanted to cum deep in my ass. I wanted you to, also. I moved all the way on the bed, with you between my legs. I raised my legs over your shoulders as you lifted my ass in your hands. I reached down and put your cock head at my tight pucker and held you there as you pushed your way in. I was relatively open, since I had plugged it earlier, but I was still tight on your cock. You began sliding in and out of my ass. It didn't take long for you to shoot your second load of cum of the morning. I could feel hot jets of your cum flowing into my ass and I loved it!

When you pulled out, I rolled over and got up on my knees next to your face. You caressed my ass cheeks, holding them open, so you could see the cum leaking out of me. With a last quick kiss on my ass cheek, you got up to clean up. Too bad we were out of time for our tryst, because I still wanted more. But I would have to wait until the next time we could get together. I walked you back downstairs, leaking your cum all the way. At the door, once again I was fully naked and you were fully dressed. We shared a kiss at the door, and I let you leave.

Until the next time, baby, I am waiting! YOUR pussy is waiting. See you soon.