 The Introduction

Sitting on the sofa in the living room of the hotel suite, I am thinking of just how crazy this might be. After all, we haven't been talking that long via e-mails and instant chatting, and we definitely don't know each other well enough to completely trust one another yet. Then again, maybe that's part of the intrigue and the attraction.

Having met only what seems like a week ago, the flirting moved like lightning into seduction and ultimately into cyber and phone sex. The pent-up passion within both of us has been equaled only for our appetite to continue searching out new ways to find that pleasure and release. At first it was our words exchanged via the computer. Then it was our voices whispering over the phone. Now, in a few minutes, it will be our bodies speaking their own language, searching each other out, kissing and licking one another, and discovering how well we fit inside each other.

And while this idea may have seemed foreign to both of us just several days earlier, or at least nothing more than an erotic fantasy, it has become the focal point of our thoughts for the past two days. This reality is what we have been wanting and needing for a long time. To let go in the arms of a near-stranger, to express ourselves like we never could in our daily lives, and to explore new heights with another who shares the same desires and hunger.

And so here I am, relaxing in the hotel room you reserved for us, kicking back for a few minutes before we are both thrust into a whirlwind of lust and passion. It is in these last building moments of anticipation that my thoughts drift towards you. 

Of the two of us, you were the more reluctant to accept the mutual invitation of this secret rendezvous. While the thought enticed you, and the fantasy had been one you held for a while now, the actual realization of meeting someone in a hotel for sex sounded clichéd and unlike you. But once you gave in to that longing within, and set your mind and body to this path of passion and pleasure, nothing could stop you from exploring every detail of the encounter, and brainstorming more delicious plans for our first night together.

The package I sent you was your idea. You had told me that you have always loved to please your partner and dress sexy for him. The idea turned me on so much that I agreed I would buy you the clothes I wanted you to wear and send them to you. Once I had your sizes, I shopped long and hard to find what I thought was the perfect dress for you. I found the dress in a small boutique, hours after I started looking. I imagined how it would look on you, the sleek, soft black fabric tightly hugging your curves. I remember spreading it out on my bed and running my fingertips over it, almost feeling you next to me as my hands glided over the chest area, down along the hips, and ultimately to the hem of the mid-thigh party dress. 

The next part of the package was the undergarments. It took me long enough, but I found a matching pair of lace bra and panties that I thought deserved to be adorned by you. The 3" black heels that I picked up in the same boutique as where I found the dress completed the ensemble. But then, there was one last gift that I included in the package that I did not tell you about. I wanted to see how good you looked in it, and I wanted you to wait until you got to the room to thank me for it.

I also included in the package a letter that detailed how I wanted you to spend the day preparing for our rendezvous. I wanted you to take a long bubble bath to soak away the stress, to relax, and to feast on the anticipation. I wanted you to meticulously shave your legs and arm pits fresh for me. I wanted you slick and clean and all mine to eat up. I wanted you to feel pampered so that I could further that pleasure and help you melt away into the night with me.

As for me, I chose a white dress shirt, black slacks, and a new pair of dark silk boxers. I recall you telling me in passing how sexy you thought silk boxers were on a man. And of course, I am all too happy to oblige.

Coming full circle, remembering of the intricate details with which we planned our encounter tonight, I smile slightly at the idea of the few surprises I have in store for you as well. Each of the surprises centers on a desire or fantasy we shared over the phone or during one of our conversations online. They were things you mentioned in passing that I tucked away in my memory in order to surprise you tonight. I want you to know how good it can be to let yourself go. And soon, very soon, we will find that out together.

As a matter of fact, there is the knock now.



Chapter One – A Heated Hello

Taking my time to get up slowly, I make one last round of the suite to make sure that everything is as it should be. The lights are on low in the hallway, candles lit in the bedroom and the champagne is chilling in its ice bucket. And there are also a few "goodies" in the refrigerator for later.

Walking towards the door, a second knock reverberates across the room. By this time I can tell you are standing there, a little nervous perhaps, your heart beating fast with adrenaline and anticipation, your eyes and ears focused on the door knob, waiting for it to turn. Reaching the door, I lean forward and look through the eyehole in order to catch my first glimpse of you... absolutely stunning! Standing there wearing the exact dress I picked out for you, the high heels accentuating your legs and ass, you are holding a small handbag and glancing down either side of the hallway, nervously as I suspected. 

I also see that you have on the extra little gift I sent with the package. I wanted you to feel special about tonight, that this was not something I do all the time, so I picked out a matching set of diamond earrings and bracelet. The diamonds are glowing brightly in the hallway light; your skin is glowing. You look beautiful.

Not wanting you to hesitate or think I am hesitating in any way, I slowly reach out for the door knob, push it down, and slowly open the door. As the hallway light permeates the room, I see you without the hindrance of the eye hole for the first time and you get your view of me at last. And as our eyes drift over each other's bodies, a soft smile appears on both our faces as our eyes finally connect. "Come in," I whisper, as I extend my hand to you.

Accepting my hand, I feel your soft fingertips entwine with mine, as I lead you into the suite and close the door behind you. I turn back to notice you have stopped only a foot or so inside the room, simply staring into the suite and taking in the incredible scene that is unfolding before your eyes. It becomes increasingly evident to you that I have taken great care to set up the room the way we discussed and way you envisioned it. 

As your eyes complete their view around the suite, they find me standing in front of you, my eyes smiling back at you, noticing your glow was not a product of the lights in the hallway or the glimmer from the diamonds, but rather from within you. I can see the passion in your eyes. I can feel the anticipation permeating your skin. I can sense your hunger.

Our hands still holding on to each other, I pull you softly towards me, bring my free hand to your cheek, and lower my mouth down to yours, our lips searching one another for the first time. All at once, our bodies seem to exhale deeply, our nerves beginning to evaporate, and our heat beginning to swell. And as our tongues explore each other, and our mouths feed off each other, our hands join the embrace by caressing each other's frame, running all over each other's body. 

My strong hands reach out for your hips and pull you closer towards me, feeling the warmth of your body and the soft fabric of the dress. My hands roam the small of your back, outlining your figure, reminiscent of my hands' journey over the dress while it laid spread out on my bed just a few days ago. One of my hands moves up along your spine, rubbing your back lightly, the other moving down to your ass, cupping and caressing both your cheeks. 

At the same time, your hands reach out for my upper back and shoulders. Your fingertips glide over my biceps and chest. Our mouths still locked together, the feast of passion and pleasure still only beginning, but lasting already what seems like an eternity. And after what seems like hours, we slowly work our way back down, hug tight one last time, and break off our sweet, first kiss.

Pulling back from you slowly, I glance towards your earrings, lean forward again to kiss your left earlobe, my tongue lightly darting about you. A moment later, I end the soft kiss and whisper to you, "They were meant for you. You look beautiful." 

A smile appears on your face, and you lightly kiss my cheek. Following your lead, I turn my head slightly and we engage in another heated embrace. Our hands holding each other's face, our lips once again dancing magically with the other. A kiss so passionate and so raw, that our bodies cannot help but tremble and moan.

As the desire grows within us, I slowly turn you towards the wall, leading your arms up over your head and positioning them against the wall to brace yourself. You push your ass back towards me, rubbing it back and forth across my cock, feeling its warmth against your ass through the thin material of the dress and panties. 

My hands begin to wander your body now, beginning at your hips, and slowly moving up along your back. My one hand reaches around in front to caress your stomach, and pull you back harder against my growing cock. My other hand reaches up to your neck, massaging it softly, then moving further up and running my fingertips through your hair. While my hand massages your scalp, my other hand cups and massages your breasts, alternating between them, feeling your nipples pierce through the bra, wanting to be freed from the confines of the dress, to be licked and kissed, to be nursed and suckled, to be pinched and nibbled on. 

With my hands searching you out, the hand upon your head takes some of your hair in its grip just near the base of your head, and tugs on it a little bit. As I pull your hair back, I can hear a moan escape your lips that tells me you are enjoying this. With my hand pulling your hair back, demonstrating this sweet control, my other hand takes the same line along your dress that I did when it laid out on my bed. From your chest, my fingertips run down along your waist, and down over your hips towards the hem of your dress. As my fingers reach the hem, I slowly take hold of it and inch it up your legs, revealing more of your thighs and buttocks.

And as my fingers reveal the outline of the lace panties I bought for you, I whisper for you to reach back and undo my belt and free my cock. I whispered to you that I want you so bad right now, right here. Your only response is a series of short moans and a compliance with my request. Your one hand reaches back to unzip my slacks and pull my cock out from my silk boxers.

And this is the scene unfolding before us. Your legs spread slightly with one hand bracing yourself away from the wall. Your eyes closed and your other hand reaching back towards me to get at my raging, erect penis. My one hand holding firm to the base of your hair and massaging your scalp; the other hand raising your dress up further and then coming back down along the outline of your panties, slipping underneath them and feeling how wet you are for me.

And as my fingers are discovering your sweetness, your hand reaches out and finds my cock. Your fingers wrap around it and feel it throbbing at your touch, responding to your softness. My fingers slide down underneath you, running over your tight, wet entrance and up to your excited clit, rubbing it gently, your moist juices allowing my fingers to glide easily over you. Your fingers begin to slowly jerk my cock, up and down, getting me ready for what will surely be a heavenly experience in merely a matter of moments.

And at that thought, I feel you slide back towards me again, your ass leading the way. You moan slightly and reveal how badly you want me right now. You are almost pleading with me to fuck you, knowing I'm in control of the situation right now, directing our first erotic dance of the evening. 

With those words, I tell you to slide me inside of you, at which you are only too happy to consent. You feel my hips sliding forward, my fingers holding your panties off to the side to leave you open and accessible to me. And with seeming ease, you guide me towards you, opening yourself up further. And at the first touch of my hot cock and your warm, wet pussy, I can almost feel a spark traveling throughout my entire body from the very tip of my cock. 

My hips sliding forward more, I feel yours pushing back against me, and with that, I slide inside of you, inch by rock hard inch. I disappear deep inside of you, feeling your body adjust and consume me, and I can feel your ass grinding against my crotch. As I stay there buried deep inside, I release your hair from my grasp, reach down to take your hips in both of my hands, and I begin to search for a rhythm, sliding in and out of you, feeling your insides boiling over for me.

There you are, spread out, holding the wall in front of us, and having me slam my cock deep inside of you, thrusting hard and long, my hands holding you firmly, roaming your ass occasionally, and feel your insides throbbing around me. Our bodies slowly melting away into the moment, your ass pushes back to match my rhythm, your hands gripping at the wall, your throat letting out such sighs and moans of pure passion and lust. 

We continue to sink further into each other, my thrusts getting quicker as I feel both of us wanting to explode hard and climax together for the first of many times tonight. I feel you writhing around on my cock, wanting it to touch you so deep inside, your muscles contracting and releasing me with each long thrust. I pump into you faster, sliding in and out of your wet pussy. 

A few more minutes of raw fucking leads to a more vocal confirmation of the pleasure we are both enjoying. And within another minute later, the first orgasm of the evening announces its presence as your soft moans turn into longer, drawn out sighs. My cock can feel you convulsing around it, my body can feel you emptying your anticipation and exploding like a volcano. The sensations and sounds are too much, and I bring you back hard against me, hold you there, and climax deep inside of you, staying inside of you until both our climaxes begin to dissolve, our breathing returning more to normal, and our minds coming back to reality.

At the end of this, I withdraw my cock from inside of you, and slowly ease your panties back in place, and I lower your dress back down over your ass and down your thighs, once again allowing the dress to find your curves and contour to your body. 

You turn around and smile at me. You ease forward and put your arms around me, your head to my chest, and hug me tight. "Wow," is all you can manage at the moment. For me, those are my exact sentiments also.





Chapter Two – A Delicious Dance

Recovering from our initial climax, I hold your hand again and show you around the hotel suite. It is enormous and the scene is breathtaking. The entryway where we were just standing and experienced our first climax of the evening opens up into a tiled foyer with a large bathroom area on our left, a living area directly in front of us with glass doors leading out onto the balcony, and a doorway on the right leading into the bedroom. The room is alit only by the dozens of candles spread out all over the place and by the moonlight outside which is peeking into the suite through the small breaks in the closed curtains.

Leading you towards the sofa in the middle of the large common area, you seem to be walking right into one of your deepest fantasies. Your mind is still conflicted at how this all appears to be so real, yet at the same time you feel like you are floating on air at the moment. And if that is the case, how can it be real? 

My thoughts begin to drift towards that same place as where you are, so I quickly take your arms, pull you back towards me and we engage in another long, deep, passionate kiss. Like a surge through our entire bodies, this fierce kiss of ours begins to boil our blood and quicken our pulse. Yes, this is most definitely happening to us, though it feels like something out of our deepest desires. Your response to my hands and mouth are exactly as I would have them. The lead I am taking in our warm embrace is exactly as you have pictured them in your dreams. 

At this confirmation, our bodies sigh at once together, and our kiss grows hotter and becomes more involved. Our lips continue searching each other, our tongues intertwining, our hands gracefully exploring the other's body. My hand steals around your waist and pulls you even closer to me, almost inside me again. Your curves are so defined, feeling so smooth and silky against my fingertips. Meanwhile your hands are mapping my frame as well, caressing me through the thin fabric of my shirt, massaging my shoulders, back and ass.

A few more blissful moments later, we begin to end our long embrace, and our lips leave each other, if only momentarily, so that we can relax more and take our time enjoying our first evening together. As we move away from each other, our eyes once again meet and the mouths which were just melded together smile in unison.

Still feeling somewhat giddy with pleasure, we seemingly float around to the other side of the couch, take a seat very near each other and begin to talk about our mutual trips getting to the hotel. For me, I had taken a morning flight out to see you and arrived at the hotel a few hours earlier. I tell you how I wanted to be here early enough to get everything in order so that we would only be concerned with enjoying each other. 

For you, the car ride over was only a half hour or so, but you relay that it seemingly took forever. You mention how much you adored the jewelry and that while you would never dream of accepting such an expensive gift so early on in a relationship, you didn't want to disappoint me by not wearing it. I just laughed slightly and told you that we will see about whether or not you'll be keeping it later, but that the gift was bought expressly for you and I would be heartbroken if you returned it. 

You also tell me how sexy you felt wearing the bra and panties that I bought for you. And when you put on the dress for the first time this evening, you further say you had never felt more incredible. My response is that I am glad you liked it and that I hope we can surpass even that incredible feeling of yours tonight.

As we continue to small talk about the past two days, the past few weeks of knowing each other, I pour us both a glass of champagne, toast to a wondrous night filled with such hope and dreams, and take our first sip. The champagne tastes delicious over our tongues, bubbling its way down our throats and settling inside of us. After the first sip, you confess that you have not shared a glass of champagne with someone in a long, long time. I nod in understanding and tell you that I hope it is the first of many. 

Now, what would champagne be without strawberries? Next to the ice bucket on the table is a small bowl of a dozen plump, red strawberries. I incline my head over to the bowl and ask if you would like me to feed you, to which you can only nod in agreement. So taking the bowl in one hand, I pick out what I believe to be the most perfect strawberry in the bunch and carefully bring it up to your lips. Your mouth opens up, inviting my fingers and the fruit towards it, and then you slowly bring your teeth down, biting the strawberry and tasting its sweetness, chewing on it and swallowing it. After another sip of champagne to wash it down, you smile and whisper, "Mmmmmmmm." 
