 You came to visit me, and I was home all alone. I heard a knock on the door and I answer, wearing only a small t-shirt and a pair of cotton blue boy shorts, my favorite. The second I opened the door, we couldn't keep our hands off of each other. I yank you inside by your shirt, devouring your mouth with mine, my tongue slipping into your mouth, exploring the new territory. I feel your hands trail down my back and squeeze my tight little ass and I moan into your mouth. I push you down onto the couch and climb into your lap, feeling your already hard cock press against my already wet pussy. As we kiss my body grinds into yours, my nipples poking through my thin t-shirt as I kiss you hungrily. I had waited so long for this, and it's so much better than I had imagined already. I grind my hips and press my pussy into your cock, feeling it on my clit, making my pussy even wetter. Your hands then move up my shirt and cup my breasts, pinching, pulling and teasing my hard nipples, causing me to once again moan into your mouth. I pull away from your lips as you pull my shirt up over my head, and I follow suit yanking yours away. My hands travel across your entire body, feeling your hard body; your chiseled chest, your arms, your stomach, working their way down to your cock. I rub your cock vigorously through your jeans as I kiss you, and I can feel you getting harder as I do. 

I move my mouth to your neck, your chest, stomach, and trail kisses down your body until I am on my knees on the floor in between your legs. I quickly undo your jeans and pull out your hard, thick cock, my eyes widening at the sight of it. It's much, much bigger than in the pictures you sent me, and I tell you how it's the biggest cock I've ever got to play with. 

I put both of my soft hands on your cock and begin to stroke it slowly, feeling how hard you were. You looked even bigger in my tiny hands. I tilt my head down and gently kiss the head of your long shaft before taking it in my mouth, swirling my tongue around it, sucking and teasing you. I feel you thrust up, trying to put more in my mouth, but I pull away, not done teasing you yet. I stick my tongue out and run it down the length of your shaft, from the head down to base, taking your balls in my mouth when I reach them. Sucking, licking, and swallowing with them in my mouth while my hands stroked your cock. You toss your head back and moan, and I feel your hips twitching beneath me. 

I run my tongue back up your shaft, and finally take you in my mouth, feeling you fill my mouth with your big, thick cock. I bob up and down on your cock, taking in more of you each time. You tangle your hand in my hair and begin working my head on your cock, thrusting into me until you hit the back of my throat, gagging me with your huge cock. I let you fuck my face for as long as you like until you pull me off your cock and throw me on the couch. You put me on my knees, pressing my body against the back of the couch and you stand behind me. I hear you fumbling with your jeans and I look back to see you've taken them off. 

"You're so wet sweetie," you say, putting your hands between my legs, feeling how soaked my panties were, "you've ruined your panties." You rip my panties from my body, and give my firm ass a little smack, making me whimper. You reach around and begin rubbing my clit, making me moan and grind into your hand. I stick my ass out for you, showing you my wet pussy. While you rub my clit, you use your other hand to slide the tip of your hard cock up and down my dripping wet pussy lips. 

"Please ... fuck me," I beg, pushing back into you. You respond by putting just the tip of your cock into my pussy, feeling how tight and wet I was. You grab either sides of my hips and slam your entire length into me with one thrust, causing me to cry out with pleasure as I grip the top of the couch. I feel your balls slap against me and our skin smack together as you pound your hard cock into my tight wet pussy. I can feel how much you fill me up, and how much you stretched my little pussy. With every thrust I am crushed against the back of the couch, and you slap my ass as you fuck me harder. You reach a hand around and rub my throbbing clit in little circles as you fuck me, bringing me closer and closer to climax. 

I beg for you to fuck my harder, and you happily oblige, placing one hand on my shoulder and the other on my hip as you hammer into my soaking wet hole. Your cock feels amazing stretching my tight pussy and filling me up. 

"I'm gonna cum," I breathe, causing you to fuck me even faster, which I didn't think possible. You feel my muscles clench and my pussy squeeze your cock. 

"That's it baby, cum all over my cock," you shout, sending me over the edge as my whole body shakes and I soak your cock in my cum. You continue fucking me through my climax, and when I've finished you pull your cock out of my pussy and throw me into a sitting position on the couch as you stroke your cock furiously in front of my face. 

"Are you gonna cum for me?" I ask, smiling and looking up at you. "Let me taste it, cum in my mouth," I tell you, opening wide. You shove your cock in my mouth and with one long thrust you shoot your hot cum down my throat. I suck and lick every inch of your cock, tasting and swallowing every drop of your cum.