 You take my breath away as you sit across from me at the small table. The small Cafe', that you love to take me, is packed tonight, and we have to speak loud, leaning into each other's ears. Your eyes hold a sort of mystical magic, as you gaze at me, and I find myself wanting to kiss you right here, in front of all of these strangers, but I just look away, and give the waiter my order.

We talk about your family and mine, and we laugh over who has the worse siblings. The red wine we are drinking is heady, and pungent and I watch you take a long sip and swallow, my lips wanting to taste that neck. You lean into me, and grab my hand across the candle lit table, daring me to protest. Your eyes glitter as you bring it towards your lips, knowing I dislike obvious romantic gestures. I desperately try to think of something funny to say, to break the tension, and to slice throw your intent gaze.

You raise my hand to your face, look at it for a second, turning it over in your large hand.

"You have tiny hands. You know that?"

You turn my hand over and kiss its palm. My long, slender fingers curl, instinctively inward and I feel a blush creep into my cheeks, uncertain if it is caused by your attention, or the strong Italian wine.

You take in my face with your dark eyes, and enjoy watching me squirm under your surveiance. I feel a chill on my bare shoulders, and you reach across to stroke some heat into them, knowing full well that your stroking is causing goose bumps to appear on my pale flesh. Before I can speak a word to you, you look down at the front of my red silk dress, my nipples pushing against the thin fabric, their tips rock hard. You smile wickedly at me and pull me to my feet.

"Let's go".

You take my hand to help me from my chair, and I feel your strong hand at the small of my back, guiding me out of the restaurant, quickly.

The warm, Californian night air envelopes us outside, as our ears adjust to the semi-silence outside. We walk to the curb where your car is parked, the streetlight hiding your features, and most of all, hiding your eyes. I wonder what your thinking at that moment, and inside I feel a pang of nervousness, knowing that sex is on both of our minds.

You turn to me and hold the door open, smiling at me with those devilish eyes. I wait for you to close the door but instead you reach in and kiss me full on the lips, your tongue darting in for just the tiniest of a touch, as if to say hello.

"I love you," I hear you say, and I sigh into my seat.

On the way to your apartment my mind races with something clever to say to you to break the silence, but you seem to read my anxious mind, and grab my hand to calm me.

We've both waited for this night so long, planned for it, fantasized about it, in our separate minds, and now that it is approaching, I feel fear deep in my stomach. What if it changes everything for the worse? What if I disappoint him? Questions blaze through my mind with uncertainty.

I look out the window, staring at the beautiful California landscape and the glittering lights, thinking my thoughts. I turn my head to look at you sideways and feel your hand move to lie on my thigh, your big hand covering most of it, so that your fingers grasp my inner thigh, your thumb swirling a soothing pattern there.

A shiver of anticipation goes through me like an electrical shock, as we pull into your driveway.

Darkness engulfs us as we cross the threshold of the apartment. You grab my hand and pull me to follow you to your bedroom in the darkness. You switch on the overhead light and switch on the stereo, soft music filling the silence.

"Why don't you take a shower and I'll find us some wine. Ok, Hun?"

I silently nod my head and happily retreat to the dark bathroom, feeling like a teenage virgin. I switch on the light, and hear you moving around in your room, silently admonishing myself in the mirror.

"Come on girl, stop acting like a kid. You've had sex before. The key is to fake confidence and exude sexiness," I say to myself, in a last attempt to gain some courage.

"Hell, I'm a Scorpio aren't I?" I say to my reflection.

I shower quickly, using your soap and shampoo, breathing in the familiar scents of you. The bathroom is a steamy sauna, as I wrap a large, white towel around my damp body, and do the best to dry my hair with another.

A familiar song plays on your stereo, as I open the door to your still darkened room, the only thing my eyes can see is the outline of you sitting on the edge of your large bed, the large candle beside you casting our silhouettes on the walls.

"Hellooo...." I say in an attempt to act casual.

"Um...hi there." You say taking in my wet hair, and following the droplets of water that have trickled down my shoulders and in between my breasts.

I feel an urge of desire as you look at me and start to rise off the bed, walking towards me, and stopping within inches of my face, smiling.

You stare intently at my lips and than place your hands on either side of my face, pulling me towards you for a kiss. The instant your tongue dips inside of my mouth I taste wine, and something entirely of your own, the taste of you.

My body leans into yours as the kiss deepens and my insides start to hum with arousal. You pull my towel clad body against yours as your tongue plays with mine, my body warming against your bare chest, desperately want to feel all of you.

You push my head back to suck your way down my long throat, and I feel your tongue flick over the base of my neck, across my pulse point. Air rushes over my bare ass as you lift the towel to caress the damp skin beneath.

I shudder and wrap my arms around your neck, my towel lifting. Your caresses are getting higher, and more urgent as I feel you stroke my inner thighs as you kiss my lips once more in a salty kiss. My hands wrap around the back of your neck, and I let my nails tickle you there, knowing it will arouse you, I feel my way up your back with my hands and caress your strong bare back.

You sigh into my mouth, and I kiss you back with a growing need. My nails start circling your back with deliberate strokes, stopping to rub around the waistline of your boxers.

"Let's get rid of this towel."

You quickly unwrap me, and I feel your eyes on me for the first time, memorizing me, seeing the goose bumps on my large breasts, evident of my desire. You smile at me, and I see the look of hunger in your brown eyes, exciting me, making me braver, as I see your erection against the thin white fabric of your boxers.

Your hands are warm against my chilled skin as they run over my stomach to circle both of my firm breasts. My hands reach down and pull your boxers down your legs, and you step out of them caressing my ass and lower back. I reach down with both of my hands caressing your inner thighs as I straighten to meet your gaze.

You peck my lips, and I feel your tongue dart out across them. I sigh, and feel you standing tightly against my body for the first time, and I close my eyes.

You take my chin in your hand.

"Open your eyes."

My eyes flutter open to search yours.

"There have been no others before me, the past is forgotten. My past and yours doesn't exist anymore. Tonight I'm your first and your mine."

You bend your head to kiss my lips deeply, and I whisper to you, "Ok."

My hands run down your chest and stop to play in the hair of your manhood, making your penis lurch towards me.

"Touch me."

My hands wrap around your penis, measuring, pulling on you, feeling you grow even more in my hands.

"See, baby he likes you already. He's winking at you."

I laugh and brush my lips against yours, stroking your penis as I use my mouth to first kiss across your chest, and than lick your shoulder.

I hear you moan, and it excites me, making me grow wet.

"Baby, just like that...mmmmm, yeah."

"You like that huh?" I ask, continuing to work my hand up your penis like a soft warm vise.

"God.... yeah..."you moan.

I feel your hands lifting and massaging my breasts, and than a stinging pleasure as you take one in your mouth.

I gasp, and push you back towards the bed, your knees buckling, as they hit the back of the mattress. I stand in front of you and your tongue flicks inside of my belly button, this new sensation making me feel light headed, as your arms wrap around my waist, I tease your right nipple with my teeth and hear a groan.

"Ummm.... I'm getting even harder when you do that."

"I know, I can feel it."

"Baby, I want you to taste me so bad...please?" you say in a choked breath.

I kneel before your thighs and sit on my legs still stroking your rock hard penis, drops coming out of you, coating my fingers.

I look up into your coffee colored eyes, and you place your hand on the back of my neck, a silent wish.

I grab your free hand and take the tip of your middle finger into my mouth, letting a little more in at a time, sucking on it, promising you with my eyes that your going to be in my mouth next.

"You want me to taste you like this, huh?" I ask meeting your eyes.

"Ohhh...."you moan.

"Yeah baby, just like that." You ground out shoving another finger into my mouth.

I moan as I feel you stroking my breasts again, your hands roaming over my back and down my ass pulling me even closer to you.

I take my wet hair into my hands and throw it down my back. Your eyes glitter with unreleased lust.

As my mouth descends on the tip of your penis I feel a shudder through you, emboldening me. My tongue flicks over the top of your tip, circling the top and underside, as my hands cup your warm balls gently kneading them.

I feel your hands in my hair begging me to take more of you inside, as I let you inside my wetness.

"Ohhhh.... God.... Baby like that, just like that, mmmmm..."

My mouth becomes your torment as I take you further into my waiting mouth, greedily sucking you. The motion of my head, causing your hips to buck off the bed. A sense of power arises in my groin, as I hear you moan my name in a hoarse voice.

"Yeah...uhhh.take it all in, yeah..."

Your hands kneading my scalp, pushing it closer to your dick, as I feel your penis jerk inside my mouth, as my teeth lightly graze the side.

"Oh, God ...we have to stop...I'm going to cum, mmmmm."

"Really, stop doing that...ohhh.... stand up...uhhh" you say, confusing me.

I lightly pull my mouth off your twitching dick, and look up into your eyes questioning.

"But I was going to let you cum in my mouth."

"The first time I cum with you, I want to be inside of you."

Your words exciting me as you switch are places on the bed, flipping me under you. Your eyes shine with love as your head descends on my breasts, tugging, making me sigh with pleasure. My hands can't get enough of the feeling of you pressing your body on top of me, as I open my legs to welcome you.

I feel your dick pressing against me and my hands roam over your ass, pulling you close to me, trying to get you inside of me.

Your fingers come between our bodies to rub my clit, and my back arches, loving the feelings your bringing me.

You take my breast into your mouth, sucking greedily, as I feel you pressing into me.

"Ohhh.... mmmm..."

Your member slides into me and I feel like I'm going to burst, as your hand comes between our bodies and rubs my clit.

You stare directly into my eyes as you pump slowly into me, making love to me, erasing anyone else that has ever been there before you.

The pleasure is so intense, I clamp my legs around your hips, grinding my pelvis into you, as I feel my orgasm start and over come me.

"Ahhhh...uhhhh, I love you, I love you." I chant to you, clinging on for dear life.

You lift my legs and put them over your left shoulder, lifting my ass so that you may plunge deeper inside my tightness.

"Baby...you feel so good...I'm going to cum, hmmmmm...."

You pull on my breasts with your fingers sending shivers to my spine, as another orgasm creeps up inside of me. I feel you compressing me into the bed, your tempo increasing, as we grind our hips together, you stare into my eyes as I come all around you, squeezing you in short, tense, contractions.

"Oh shit..."I scream, the intensity brings tears to my eyes.

Your orgasm comes within seconds of mine and I can feel your dick twitching inside me, than the head enlarging, before erupting, in three short squirts.

"MMMMM..."

"Baby...I love you...ohhh...GOD", you moan as you bury your face in my damp hair.

You raise your head and kiss my eyelids, as you pull me under you.

"You mine." you whisper to me, as I fall asleep.