 I was in 12th grade. Like high school goes, I dated a wrestler for a whole two weeks before he dumped me to get back together with his girlfriend. I guess you could say we stayed friends. My father was a high-profile father and most boys were scared of him when I was going to school, so not a lot of boys talked to me much. I was 5'1", 115, auburn hair, green eyes, and was the first girl in my class to develop boobies in 3rd grade. I had 36Ds already by my freshman year. I was very slender and with my breasts, I was quite attractive to the male population of high school. I got whistles in the hallways and admiring lustful looks, but no one ever approached me. I had acne in middle school, but by my sophomore year, I had that under control and was really very pretty. 

When I was 18 I started college. I was still pretty shy, and as I heard from my old high school friends, getting prettier each day. I loved college. I aced every class and my favorite was my Literature class. It was really hard to get an A in Ms. Stewart's class. In this particular college there is a program called "Home-Bound" that if you get pregnant and have a baby, teachers volunteer to keep the student up to date with assignments, etc. 

Ms. Stewart volunteered to be my Home-Bound Advisor. She brought me my homework the first week, and then the second week I went to the university and sat in on what would be my regular class. Everyone oooohed and aaahhed over the first baby of my graduating class. As I was sitting near Ms. Stewart's desk, the wrestler I had dated in high school walked up to the desk to hand in an assignment and just stood there, staring at me. My heart started pounding as I looked into his eyes, then he started to walk away. 

We had parted as friends back in our senior year, and as he was walking away I mumbled, "Don't be such a stranger." 

He stopped, smiled with his eyes, turned towards his desk, and as he was seated, trying to pay attention to his girlfriend's chatter, he stared at me, his elbow on the desk, his fingers covering his growing smile. The next week I went to my Literature class four of the five days, and each day, he smiled a lot more and stared at me continuously. I was in a constant state of awareness. My body was flushed with excitement when he would wink at me, and I could feel myself get wet and stay wet the entire time I was at school. He came up to Ms. Stewart's desk a lot more often to talk with her about his assignments and I could smell his cologne, hear that deep voice and admire his bulging muscles...he kept me hot.

Back at home I had settled into a routine with my little bundle of joy. He woke up every night like clockwork and I soon became addicted to the late-night CNN news show. As I was getting a bottle ready for him before he woke up, I heard my phone ring way back in my bedroom! I ran back to my room to answer the phone before it woke up my mom and no one answered when I said hello. (My parents had split up and my dad had moved out by this time.) I hung up, but brought my cordless with me into the kitchen, turning the volume down to almost silent. 

It immediately rang again, and when I answered it this time, a voice on the other end whispered, "You said don't be a stranger..." 

I immediately knew who it was and laughed quietly, "So you choose 2:00 in the morning to come out of hiding?" 

We laughed and talked quietly and he listened as I cooed to my son as I fed him. He asked questions about my pregnancy and giving birth, asked questions about my father and we talked about school and what was going on with certain people and over the course of the next few days he called every night and we talked like long lost friends. 

Back at college when I would attend Ms. Stewart's Literature class we exchanged secret smiles and glances and he even picked up my son and played with him a little. That was sweet to see. I was leaving at the end of the class and he hurried to the door to help me out and as there were students behind him and me, trying to get out to get to the next class, it shocked me that he put his hand on my shoulder and squeezed. He stared into my eyes with a hunger that had me gushing between my legs. I was breathless and barely made it to my car.

He called that night but nothing was ever mentioned about his sudden boldness to touch me. He did, however, drop a bombshell. As he was listening to me feed my son, he whispered, "I want you to make love to me..." 

My heart slammed into my chest, and I could feel instant and complete arousal throbbing between my legs. I started breathing hard and I could feel my nipples harden under my nightshirt. I sucked in my breath and held it, not knowing how to handle these feelings coursing through my body, making it weak and hot like molten lava. I quickly finished feeding my son, laid him down on his stomach in his crib, then sat down and willed myself to calm down. 

It was silent on his end as we both tried to calm ourselves after his admission of lust and desire. After I could breathe, I reminded him that he had a girlfriend and he told me he knew it was wrong but he couldn't stop thinking about me. He told me he dreamed about me every night since that first time he saw me in our Literature class. I told him he needed to really think hard about what he was suggesting, and he said he was hard just thinking about it. I told him we needed to call it a night, and I would talk to him later.

I didn't go to my Literature class that next day. I was still worked up and horny as hell from our talk the night before. After we got off the phone I went into my bedroom, turned on the light, stripped naked, and looked at myself in the full-length mirror. I could tell I was a little prettier than the last time I had really "looked" at myself. My eyes were bright and dreamy, almost glassy as I was still aroused. My breasts were heavy and full, and my nipples were hard little nubs. 

I slid my hand down my chest, cupping my breasts, feeling their weight and softness. I slid my finger into my mouth and swirled my tongue around it, wetting it, and then touched my nipple. The aureole tightened and my nipple grew harder. I sucked in my breath, liking the feel of my own hands on my nipples, and cupped them both in my hands. I took each nipple between my fingers and thumb and rolled them, moaning at the direct line of sensation pooling in my pussy. I pulled on them, and then pulled harder, moaning louder and gasping at the hot throbbing between my legs. 

I had to touch it. I slid one hand between my legs, my finger sliding between my shaved lips, swirling in the pool of girl cum already there. I slicked my finger through it, wetting my outer labia...loving the feel. It was so hot, so slick, and then I searched until I found my clit. It was a hard little nub...my love button so hard and oh so sensitive. 

I turned the light off and lay down on my bed, sliding my fingers between my lips, while my other hand was pulling and pinching on my nipple. Placing my feet down on the bed, I arched my back and hips, coming completely off the bed, and shoved two of my fingers in that tight little hole. I started gasping, trying to be quiet, and started plunging my fingers in and out of my pussy. I kept arching, fucking myself with my fingers, then took the attention off my nipples and started rubbing my clit. Harder and faster I plunged and rubbed, the hot pressure in my cunt spurring me on. 

I could feel myself getting higher and higher, and then I stopped. I had been with only two guys in my lifetime, one resulting in my baby, and as they were both clumsy gropings, I had never reached an orgasm or even been that aroused. I didn't know what was happening to my body, but I knew I liked it, and I liked the feeling of being kept on edge. I liked it a lot. I fell asleep with a smile on my face, strangely calm, yet so aware of my body. 

It was around noon the next day and as I had this new awareness of my body, I wore a pair of my sweats and a wife beater. The wife beater clung to my breasts, and it was thin enough to feel the air on my nipples as I walked. I kept myself horny all morning, reaching up and rubbing them occasionally. My son was sleeping and I was folding my new baby's clothes fresh from the dryer. I had just got out of the shower and had dried my hair, my face fresh and clean, my pussy was shaved nice and smooth...and I could still feel that throbbing. 

I had been awake since my baby's four o'clock feeding and was thinking of taking a nap as well. I was getting ready to put away the clothes when the doorbell rang. I was surprised a little as I had been home for a month and not once did anyone come by during the day. Curious, I looked through the peephole, and gasped when I saw who it was. It was HIM! Here I was in my sweats and a wife beater with no bra!! My nipples, already hard, were clearly visible through the wifebeater. That dull ache between my legs suddenly came to life, throbbing, and I could feel myself getting wet again. I opened the door and couldn't contain the look of desire and pure raw sex in my eyes as I looked at him standing in front of me.

Without a word, he stepped into the doorway, pushed me back, and wrapped his arm around my waist. He bent down and slammed his lips onto mine, shoved his tongue into my mouth, and at the same time he closed the door behind him. He slid his hands into my hair, pulled my head back, and stared into my eyes. He buried his head in my neck, started biting me. His hands slid under my wife beater, and pushed it up over my breasts. 

He moaned as he cupped my breasts in his hands, and as he was walking me backwards, he bent down and sucked a nipple into his mouth. My legs got weak and I would have stumbled backwards if the sofa behind me wouldn't have caught me. He still had his letter jacket on, so I shoved it off his shoulders. He stood up and tore it off, threw it on the floor, then pushed me back onto the sofa, landing on top of me, kissing me and pulling my wife beater off. He lowered his head to my breasts, devoured the nipples, and sucked them hard and deep into his mouth. He swirled his tongue around them, biting them. 

I could barely breathe, holding his head to me, my hands buried in his hair. With each manipulation to my breasts, I was getting hotter and wetter between my legs. I arched my hips, trying to feel him through his jeans. I felt his hard bulge in his jeans and something came over me. I HAD to feel his hot hard cock in my hands. I pushed him off me and he stood, looking down at me. 

I slid to the floor on my knees and unbuttoned his jeans. He just stood there, looking down at me, not trying to help me, but the look on his face was so hot and arousing...his eyes, normally blue, had turned into a deep gray...his face was flushed and he was breathing deep and hard. I concentrated on my task and as I pushed his jeans down and pulled his cock out of his boxers, we both groaned as my hand wrapped around his nine-inch dick, hot and hard, so hard it stood straight up. 

Looking into his eyes, I slowly slid his cock into my mouth and closed my lips over it, wetting it with my tongue. He groaned again, threw his head back, and closed his eyes. He put his hand on the back of my head, gripping a handful of my hair, and held on as I took his cock deep into my throat. I was new at this, but wanted to feel his cock filling my mouth. I wanted to be stuffed full of his cock. 

I started sucking his cock, in and out, in and out, and he groaned and gasped, and started moving his hips. With one hand I held his cock and stroked it while I sucked it into my mouth, and with the other hand I slipped it into my sweats, needing to feed the hunger between my legs. I plunged two of my fingers into my pussy and fucked my pussy with the same in and out motions that I was sucking his cock. 

"Fuck yeah, suck my cock," he said. "Mmmm, you are such a good cocksucker!!" he gasped. 

I looked up at him as I was sucking his cock and he noticed my other hand between my legs. "Is your pussy hot, baby girl?" he asked. 

I didn't answer him, but continued sucking his cock, swirling my tongue around his mushroom head. Bending his cock up, I slid my tongue up and down the underside of his shaft, letting my teeth graze it just slightly. He gasped and put his hand on his dick. He shoved my mouth back on his cock and placing his hands on my head, he fucked my mouth, hard and fast, the spongy tip hitting the back of my throat. 

"Yeah, yeah, suck me, baby girl, suck me!!" he gasped. 

Taking both my hands and gripping the backs of his thighs, I held him to my face on his in-stroke, my nose buried in his pubic hair, his balls cradled on my chin, and then swallowed with his cock deep into my throat. I started gagging but held on, loving the feel of his hot hard cock inside my mouth. I started breathing in through my nose and the gagging subsided, and I milked his prick with my throat muscles. 

"Oh fuck! I'm going to cum, baby girl, stop!" 

Stepping back, he pulled out of my mouth, grabbed my hand and pulled me up. He pulled his jeans back up, fastened them, then wrapped his arms around me, and held me close, trying to breathe. 

"What? Um, I don't..." I whispered. 

Pulling back from me, he looked down and cupped my face in his hands. "Our first time is going to be right..." he said. 

He pulled my hand from between my legs and sucked my fingers into his mouth. My eyes suddenly felt heavy and as he sucked my fingers clean, I got weak in the knees and sunk down into the sofa cushions. 

"Mmm, spread those legs, baby girl. Let Daddy see." 

He knelt in front of me and pulled my sweats down my legs. His face got that hungry look when he saw I was shaved. "Oh shit baby girl. That is so hot!!" He pulled my sweats completely off, moved my legs apart, and laid his fingers on top of my pussy. 

"Smooth, so smooth," he whispered. 

With one finger he traced my outer lips, sliding between them to feel the wet pool of sticky girl juice between my legs. He took a deep breath in and smelled my scent. 

"Fuck, you smell good!" 

With a growl, he grasped my hips to pull me to the edge of the sofa and plunged two of his fingers into my pussy, hard, with no warning. Gasping, I gripped his shoulders, and fucked his fingers as they curled inside me, in and out he slammed his fingers into me. He wasn't gentle, and I didn't want him to be. This was hot and hard and so intense, it was perfect. I could hardly breathe each time he fucked his fingers up inside me and I was gasping, moving my hips to hump his hand. 

"Fuck me...fuck me hard!" I gasped, closing my eyes, losing myself to the world of his fingers. I kept undulating my hips, riding his fingers. I put one hand behind me and the other behind his neck, holding on as his fingers drove me higher and higher. 

His other hand found my clit and started rubbing it, fast and hard. I kept fucking his fingers, starting to squeal as his rubbing on my clit brought me higher faster. I was getting ready to cum...I could feel it rising within me, spreading through my blood, centering between my legs. I never wanted this intense, hard, hot feeling to end. Suddenly, I felt him move and he took away his hand from my clit and replaced it with his mouth. 

"Oh fuck," I gasped. "Mmmmm..." 

He was still fucking my pussy with his fingers. I ground my pussy against his face, that intense all-consuming feeling getting hotter, drawing my body tighter. "I'm going to cum," I whispered, gasping, looking down at his head between my legs. "Don't stop, Daddy, I'm gonna cum!" 

His fingers fucked my pussy hard, curling inside me, touching that special spot. His tongue was relentless on my clit, licking it fast and light, perfectly. I could feel myself so close to letting go, so damn close, and then he did something that would send me completely over the edge. He plunged his fingers into me over and over again; curling them on the upstroke, then took my clit between his teeth and bit down. I screamed then, my whole body exploding as his fingers continued to fuck my cunt, his teeth gnashing on my clit, pulling it, licking it, then biting it again. 

"Oh FUCK," I screamed, letting loose all my cum, drenching his face. 

He greedily lapped it up, my juices coating my thighs, his mouth and chin. I kept grinding my pussy into his face, riding out the sensation, and then collapsed onto the sofa, drained of all energy. I could barely catch my breath. My body was shaking as he crawled up into the sofa and pulled me onto his lap, holding me, caressing my hips as I wrapped my arms around him. He pulled my face up to his and kissed me and I could taste myself on his lips. I loved the taste of myself on him, and greedily licked his chin and lips, cleaning him. 

As I sat in his lap I became aware that his cock was still hard and I remembered in my haze that he hadn't cum. I slipped my hand between us and stroked his cock, feeling the heat and hardness through his jeans.

He brought my hand up and took my fingers between his lips, his tongue circling and sucking, and then said, "This was for you...I can wait 'til next time..."