 She came to this city looking for love. But, so far, all she had found was heartbreak. The man she was supposed to be meeting was no where to be found. 

Now, all she wanted was fun.

As she sat alone, surrounded by total strangers, she began to feel the heat that only comes from the thought that someone has their eyes on you. She turned slowly on her barstool, scanning the room as she did so. Searching for the set of eyes that was setting her on fire. And making her temperature rise!

Suddenly their eyes met. And she knew that she had found her fun. She asked the bartender for a napkin and pulled a pen from her purse. Quickly, she jotted down the hotel and room number where she was staying. 

She let her long legs settle to the ground and glided across the floor in his direction. As she handed him the napkin, she gave him a wink and a smile. Then she walked off making her way to the street. He began to follow her. But, by the time he made it to the double doors she was already in a cab. He frantically hailed the next one available. He wasn't going to let her get away!

She had just enough time, before he arrived, to change. She was no longer wearing the skin tight jeans and tank top that she had been wearing earlier at the bar. Instead, she had slipped into a black lace corset and matching crotch-less panties. With black silk stockings and a pair of black stiletto heels. Her hair, that had been pulled back at the bar, was now a cascade of curls hanging past her shoulders. She was touching up her make-up and spritzing herself with her favorite perfume, Red Door, when she heard his knock. 

She positioned herself in a provocative manner across the bed. She was anticipating the pleasures of the flesh that she would soon encounter with the gorgeous man standing on the other side of the door. "It's open... and I'm waiting." she called.

He stepped in, took one look at her and his cock got rock hard instantly. She could see the developing bulge thru his jeans. And it was the most arousing moment she had ever experienced, knowing that she had this kind of power over a man.

As he walked toward her, she sat up and knelt on the bed. When he reached her she began unbuttoning his shirt. His skin was bare and it was obvious that he took care of himself. His arms were strong and his hands, though manly, were gentle as he rubbed her shoulders. Next, she undid his belt and pants. They dropped to the floor and now he was only in boxers. She rubbed his ass thru the shorts. Then began to pull them down. And there it stood... before her she saw the largest cock that she had ever seen. "I so deserve this!" she thought to herself.

She couldn't wait. She put her mouth to it and licked it's head. Then, slowly, she lowered her mouth onto it. He responded with a moan, as she took as much of this massive cock as she could into her mouth and down her throat. Her tits were hard with excitement. If his dick felt this wonderful in her mouth, then she couldn't wait for him to slide it into her hot pussy. She stopped for a moment to ask "do you want my pussy, baby?" His response was yet another moan. As she was going down again, she had to use her hand to help her take in as much of his dick as possible. It was so hard. It made her pussy so wet with anticipation. She began to hear a familiar moaning that let her know he was on the verge. So, she slowly pulled her mouth off his cock and layed back on the bed. She wasn't gonna get him off this easily.

As she layed back on the bed, she spread her legs. And there it was glistening at the thought of him. Silently, she began. Using one hand she spread open her lips and with the other she slowly began to rub herself. Gently and precisely, she knew how she liked it. He watched for a moment. Stroking himself in fascination. Her pussy was there calling to him "TAKE ME! EAT ME! FUCK ME! NOW!!!" without saying a word!

He knelt before her, kissing the inside of her thighs and working his way up. When he got to her "candy" he slowly ran his tongue up the inside of her vagina. She so wanted to give in... but decided to hold on, she didn't want this ride to end just yet. Her pussy was sweet and hot, like warm honey. He ran his lips across her clit and stroked it with his fingers. Then he sucked it... OMG... she wanted him in her. She was enjoying every second of this!

He reached up and grabbed her tits. They were soft and supple. Her nipples were hard. He twisted them between his finger. Gently at first, slowly applying pressure. Until he felt her body ask him to stop. 

He began kissing his way up her body. Lingering at her belly button, so small and cute. Up her stomach around her breast. Taking her tits in his mouth, he circled her nipples using his tongue. Next he pecked at her neck and paused just behind her ears.... She felt her back begin to arch the closer his mouth got to hers and the closer his cock got to her pussy.

When his face met hers, he kissed her passionately. Never taking his eyes off her. He was kissing her deeper than she had ever been kissed in her life. While he was kissing her, she opened her legs and let him slid into her. It was hot and wet and oh so tight. The tightest he had ever felt. He had to restrain himself... he nearly came as soon as he entered her. She felt that marvelous.

She was right, she knew that his dick would feel amazing in her cunt. She wished that she could have 2 of them... one for her pussy and one for her mouth. He felt that great! And he knew what he was doing. His cock filled her completely. And she was screaming for more! 

Together, they found rhythm. Quick, slow, quick, quick, slow. She enjoyed watching his cock pull in and out of her. She was beginning to quiver and he could feel her cunt pulsating around his dick. He began to go faster and harder and faster and harder... The whole time their eyes never left each other. 

She was moaning. On the verge of exploding. His dick felt so good in her. It was obvious that he knew what he was doing. She wanted it to last forever. He asked her if she was ready. She let a moan escape as she replied "yeah...uh...!" She could contain herself no longer. So the pace quickened and there hearts raced. And together they entered into a blissful orgasmic euphoria. 

They laid together for a few minutes, before either one said a word. He propped himself up on an arm and smiled at her. "Hello... " he said "it's nice to finally meet you!" Her reply was simply a sweet smile and a sigh that came from her heart.

He leaned over and gently kissed her, first on the nose and then on the edge of her lips. He stared into her eyes for seconds that passed like hours and then he smiled at her again. He placed his other arm around her waist, layed his head down and together they fell asleep, in each others warm embrace. 

Although they had known each other for a couple of months now, she was glad that this was how they met... It would truly be a night to remember.