 I fantasise as to what I would like to do in the flesh. Most desirably, it would be to taste your vagina's sweet nectar with my tongue. I imagine that you are wearing a beautiful floral skirt. I gently lift it, at your invitation, to reveal your panties. Through the panties I can see the sculptured shape of your slit. I gently pull the top of your panties down to expose this most gorgeous slit, and your soft vagina cheeks. Your woman's scent emerges, filling the air, intoxicating beyond belief. You carefully remove your panties, skirt and bra, showing the beautiful curvatures of your body, graced by your flowing hair. You open your thighs invitingly.

I imagine that I am placing my face between your thighs. The puffy cheeks either side of your slit glisten in the light. I run my tongue over your cheeks, and as I do this I see the entry to your uterus move in anticipation. A drop of cum emerges like a dewdrop. My penis begins erection in response to what I see.

That you are also being aroused is apparent. Instinctively, I go down on you and extend my tongue, as deep as I can, inside your uterus, to savour it's honey like texture, and you open your thighs more, in response. At this point I move my tongue up your soft labia, past your urethra outlet to your clit, which has begun to swell, and I start caressing it with my tongue, gently at first, but more vigorously as the seconds tick by. 

Then, after a short time, your body tenses, Placing your hand on your mount of Venus, you pull it back towards your belly button in order to tighten your slit. I gently move your legs together, and begin to rub your clit gently with my middle finger. Your vagina moistens even more. I rub your clit more vigorously for a time. Suddenly, your head arches back, and your whole body tightens, as wave after wave of bliss radiates outward from your clit, into your loins, and up and down throughput your entire body. Your feminine utterances of pleasure betray your euphoria. 

At times this pleasure becomes more than you can bear, so I back off momentarily, until it subsides some. Then I increase the intensity and you launch into more pulsing, uncontrolled orgasms. This continues for a full 25 minutes, until you are almost exhausted. I stop and notice that your vagina is still having multiple contractions, a sight, which has a mystical hold over me. Your cum, by now saturates your vaginal opening, drizzling down between your legs. It is inviting me to taste.

By this time my penis is excited in pure expectancy, and so laying on our sides in the sixty nine position, I get you to apply gel to my penis and balls, rubbing them gently in your shapely feminine hands. 

Oh what bliss!! I can't describe it! At the same time I extend my tongue deep into your vagina, and consume its viscous dew. Your gentle feminine hands do their caressing work, one hand massaging my balls and the other hand stroking enticingly along my fully extended penis, while I continue to caress your beautiful, velvety, wet labia with my tongue. It glistens in the light. 

The head of my penis is by now, as tight as it can possibly be, and comes perilously close to ejaculation. Small droplets of precum emerge from my urethra opening, as they lubricate the inevitable path my cum will take. It seems like I am under a powerful spell, and I am powerless to resist. You beckon for me to go in to you, but I fear I will not be able to hold my cum in. 

You part your thighs, and with a hand either side of your moist slit, you open it, to its full, inviting receptiveness. I carefully begin to insert my erect penis. I feel your velvety labia move up my shaft until fully inserted. We are together now. I cannot believe that a part of my body is so far inside you. 

With my penis fully enveloped, I see your beautiful breasts before me, and cannot resist the urge to fondle them. They are so soft and supple. I am entranced by their hypnotic beauty. I caress your nipples, in turn with my tongue. The erotic effect of this finally takes hold of me.

I feel cum gradually moving up into, and filling my urethra. But the beautiful, heavenly silky feeling of your velvety sheath is too much for my penis to bear, and whilst on the edge of orgasm, it finally goes past the point of no return. As my penis begins to pump it's explosive load of cum against your cervix, I feel it's warmness moving around the outside of my penis. The pulsations of pure pleasure having started at the head of my penis, move down the shaft, and into my lower abdomen, as it throbs continuously, pulse, after pulse, after pulse, and with each pulse I feel a new fountain of semen emerge. Your urethra feels the pulsing throb of my shaft as it pumps in its cream and tightens around my shaft. 

Our mouths meet passionately and our tongues begin to intertwine in voracious kissing. My pelvic area thrusts up and down, uncontrollably, amplifying the extreme ecstasy that has gripped my penis and my entire being. Finally this subsides and our sexual organs are at one, enveloped in a bath of warm cream. 

My cum finds its way out and drizzles downwards. For a while, we just lay together, in content embrace. Then I slowly extract my penis and placing my head between your thighs, watch as you insert and withdraw your fingers, dripping wet with cum. You lick the cum from your moist fingers, and then repeating the process, offer me the same, to savour from your moist fingers. Wanting more, I then proceed to clean your vagina with my tongue, the distinctive scent of my ejaculation permeating the air.

In a state of absolute contentment, we then lay on our sides and whilst embracing each other lovingly with our bodies, we drift into a deep and restful sleep.