 "Danielle, I know I can count on you to accept your punishment like the adult you are, can't I?" Will said, using the same over-the-reading-glasses trick that his parents had always used to scare him straight back in the day. His granddaughter flopped down miserably on a deck chair facing him, still dressed in the suit he'd ordered her to wear to her sentencing, her hair blowing a bit against her face in the summer breeze that meandered across Will's front porch. He poured her a glass of iced tea. "You know your mother would've wanted it that way."

"You're not going to tell Mom, are you?" Danielle's mother -- Will's daughter -- was a colonel in the army, currently deployed and just inconvenient enough to reach that Danielle had managed to keep her disorderly conduct arrest a secret from her -- for now. "Please, Grandpa?"

"You're old enough to make your own decisions about that," Will said. "But I do expect you to take your lumps here and pay the price without any whining, okay?"

"Haven't got much choice about paying it, have I?" Danielle grumbled. 

"Could've been a lot worse than fifty hours of community service."

"All I did was have a little too much to drink, and pee in the bushes because there wasn't a bathroom available! What's the harm done?!"

Will nodded and gave his granddaughter a long, quiet look. "Probably none, Danielle, but rules are rules. And getting as drunk as you did that night is never a good idea." Looking over her shoulder, he added, "Wouldn't you say, Rebecca?"

Danielle whipped around to see Dr. Pixton standing behind her, at the foot of Grandpa's front steps. "Ohmygod, Dr. Pixton!" She turned beet-red. "Did you just hear..."

"I'm afraid I did, Danielle," said Rebecca, climbing the steps slowly. "But you know what? We all do dumb things when we're young. You're not the first to get caught, and you won't be the last. Your grandfather and I both know the best thing for you to do now is just serve your sentence and put it behind you." Rebecca settled herself beside Grandpa on the porch swing and put her arm around him. "It'll only make matters worse if you don't."

"Oh, Dr. Pixton, Grandpa, no offense, but..."

"But what do we know about being young?" Will offered, giving Rebecca a knowing look. 

"Well, yeah! I know when you were my age it was totally different, so..."

Rebecca let out a hoot of laughter. "Oh, my dear, hasn't your grandfather taught you anything about our youth?"

"Evidently I haven't," Will added. "Danielle, there's plenty I never told your mother because she was very, very different from both you and me, and I was quite sure she would never understand." 

"Different from you and me?!" Danielle shot back. "You were a soldier, she's a soldier, I'm the family screw-up!"

"Oh, you're not the only one of those in the family," Will said. He paused for a sip of his iced tea, giving Danielle a moment to wonder and himself a moment to decide just how much to share. "Danielle, I never told your mother just why I joined the army in the first place, way back when. Your grandmother wouldn't let me. She knew your mom looked up to me like no one else and she thought I was straighter than an arrow -- just like you seem to think -- and she didn't want to spoil her image of me. Just as well that your mother looked up to her dad but took after her mom. She was the straight arrow, not me. Wouldn't you say, Rebecca?"

"Heavens, yes," Rebecca concurred. "The army straightened you out, Will, but Martha was straighter than an arrow already."

"Were you and Grandma friends, Dr. Pixton?" Danielle asked. Cancer had taken her grandmother six or seven years before.

"The best of friends," Rebecca said. "But I'd be lyin' to say I didn't envy her a little bit," she added, turning to Will with a grin and kissing his cheek. 

Danielle smiled for the first time in what felt like forever. "Is it okay if I ask..."

"Why we didn't get together until we were older'n dirt when we grew up together?" Will asked.

"Well, yeah."

Will and Rebecca looked at one another and laughed, not unkindly. "Will, I think you'd better tell her," Rebecca said.

"About us or about my sordid past?"

"It's all one and the same, isn't it?" Rebecca pointed out. 

"How sordid can it be?" Danielle demanded. Her mind off her legal troubles for the moment, she was now both intrigued and amused. "It was the fifties, wasn't it? What'd you do, Grandpa, steal some other guy's mug of root beer and do the twist with two girls at once?"

Rebecca burst out laughing, and this time it wasn't such a friendly laugh. "The twist, my dear, was years later. We're older than that! And our youth was nowhere near as innocent as you kids today think it was!"

"She's got that right," Will added. "Do you really think our generation never got in any real trouble?"

"Hey, I took history in high school!" Danielle protested. "It was the optimistic post-war era, and everyone wanted to forget about the war and the Depression and bask in the peaceful and affluent...why are you looking at me like that, Grandpa?"

"Because there's a world of difference between what those days were like in a history book and in reality." He turned to Rebecca. "You think she can handle the unvarnished truth about that night?"

"I think for her own good she'd better hear it!" Rebecca said. Turning to Danielle, she added, "My dear, you've got a lot to learn!"

