 The day had been steamy...and on such a day our favorite spot to cool, lounge, caress and gently love was our “fucking rock.” That lovely bulge in the brook, quite close to shore, was Ma Nature’s gracious gift from eons of patient, tender surges; the kindly stream had nibbled, over time, at top and edges. No one could match that lovely woman’s beauty of creation!

So many memories cherished through the years! We’d reminisce and laugh about the splendor of the day…or simply enjoy fresh pleasures nestled softly on our minds….

Closer to that place, our pace increased. Gently he reached behind and untied the skimpy top to my suit and dropped it to the ground. Teasing, I playfully skipped away — only to have him catch me and pull down the bottom, his tongue a rapier, licking, sucking…with lovely kisses on the way to my impatient, pleading pussy! 

I giggled, squealed, and grabbed his trunks, pulling them to his ankles. Rising, I engulfed the delicious purple head into my watering mouth. And as we stepped into our cool and shaded pool, I could feel my love’s sweet dick grow hard against my palate and my nipples swelled with so much raw desire!

Smiling shyly, I smacked my hands on a bouncing wave and dipped under to taste the purple head again! The impact of my urgent, wanting mouth and the water flow knocked him from his feet and my baby splashed down, spraddling!

I licked my lips when his dickhead peeked through the ripples like a periscope to spy and view the surface. Laughing at the sight I straddled, felt him sink to a smooth rock on the bottom, and eased his dick into my cunt! My pussy muscles squeezed, sucked the length and bulbous, purple head again…a duplicate of my ravenous, salivating mouth! 

I loved to see his eyes follow every clutch and movement of my pulsing, trembled cunt! 

Facing him, still fucking, I gently paddled us back against the shore then bent and kissed his tummy and let my nipples sweep and wallow all over his scarred, but lovely chest. They’d cut him years ago, like me, to save his life for me!

His dickhead fucked and swelled within my cunt, encouraging spasms of my pussy to suck every drop of his cum…. 

Cool now, we swam back to our special rock to dry and warm our sensual, aroused bodies in the sun. 

I closed my eyes and listened to the chirps of crickets, croaks of bass frogs joined in harmony. A virile melody that wafted on the breeze; gently moved through the soft new branches of splendid trees that cradled our fucking place so dear to us! And faintly, I heard his slurping tongue drink up my oozing cum!

God, how I loved this man! He could drive my senses wild!

My hips rose to the soft suck of his mouth again on my clit, then down and plunging into the wet-hot pussy…wanting and waiting for fulfillment from his cool sweet tongue. He rolled me over and probed the pucker of my asshole with the tip of his smooth, hard dick. Chills went through my body at his loving touch, so full of love for me!

“Oh, Baby!!!!!....Fuck my hot ass with your cock!!!!!!!”…. 

I felt his gentle touch as he reached around and went deeply into my cunt with his fingers. And his dick moved slowly into the sensitive tight puckered whirls of my ass. So sweet, the exquisite love flowing from body to body. The explosion of his hot cum in my asshole was so intense! Then we lay back drained and ready to spoon in each other’s arms and drift into blissful sleep.

As I awoke I felt my baby gone, “Oh Baby don’t leave me”…Looking around I saw the man of my dreams ambling from the grove back to me and our “fucking rock”. I sat on the edge, my legs a bit spread, inviting him to lick and taste again. 

He knelt in front between my legs, his cock so hard and wanting. And while his mouth slurried through my cunt, I reached down and rubbed my clit, pinching and swirling my fingers over the tense, delirious membrane. I felt his eyes burn on the nimble fingers as his tongue fucked deeper inside the drenched and dripping cavern of my cunt! So much delight for me to see him lick, suck my delicious fucking pussy! He loved for me to say that…FUCKING PUSSY! And my voice was always soothing, urging when the visual sight was aided with his tongue-fucks! 

I squeezed and rubbed the clit-cock even faster! I so much loved to have him watch and see me fuck myself! The stone-hard clit ached for his lapping tongue…. 

He stood with water dripping from his balls and ass…and the hard purple head was there for me to pluck like a plum from the tree. My mouth so full and wanting, I took the head in my mouth and sucked…licked around the head and down the shaft. So hard, I put it to my breasts to feel the erotic touch on my nipples. 

”Baby, you make me feel so good! So feminine, loved and wanted!”

More I stroked the pulsing shaft, with simultaneous tiny kisses, licks and sucks. And to boil his cum even more, I squeezed, released when stroking, cupping the other hand beneath his balls, a finger trailing wickedly to his ass. I felt him quiver as the nub moved slowly inside the tight sphincter….

I was famished for his dick-flesh! Hard, yet pliable in my hungry mouth! 

Still with one hand on the shaft — stroking, sucking — I felt enormous twitches in my pussy, increasing pressure in the wet channel as desire grew more and rabid! 

The ball sac was so tight now, his need to fill my mouth so great! I wanted to kiss and suck and lick! Oh, the desire for my baby, almost dizzy with need! And leaning back on the rock, he plunged his dick into my pussy while I stroked him with both hands! Yes, stroking his dick into my cunt as I had stroked it into my warm, wet mouth! 

Moaning to the sun-drenched sky, I pleaded for his hard dick to fuck my wet cunt even more! I wanted my pussy to suck him dry, swallow his viscous cum into my body! My trembled cunt, involuntary now, pleaded and begged as it sucked his ramrod shaft!

“Fuck me, baby!!!!! Fuck your sweet, delicious fucking cunt! Fuck it nicely, baby! Fuck it, fuck it, fuck it! Don’t stop until your scrumptious cum is running out and down to my hot asshole!”

* * * 

We cuddled there, enjoying and remembering all erotic, pleasant moments of this day…lost in loving thoughts of what the future held for us. The hues of a twilight sky, dimpled with lovely pinks and blues, danced in pale reflection of a falling sun. 

And then the sound of soft laughter drew our eyes to the grove of trees behind. Curiously, we moved our attention closer and peered at another couple enjoying the lushness of a hot tub. Excited and inquisitive, we snuggled closer to watch them play! 

Finally they sensed, then saw us watch their frolics in the bath. And, somewhat embarrassed and surprised, we learned they’d been watching our erotic play of love and devotion. The woman waved and asked us to join. A bit shy, we slowly made our way to them. Somehow, with every step, I lost all fear…. 

The tub was circled by soft, indirect klieg lights, a most romantic setting! We’d slipped on skimpy robes to make the walk, and now shed those and waded sexy into the lush warm water. From deep inside the both of us, we felt more lustful cravings again! 

Small chatter with the two as we just hugged and fondled…two souls melding into one, and my baby held me closer…as if to give ample courage to share this erotic moment. And a fleeting delightful thought reminded me that old tapes from the past were surely gone forever. 

So easy to draw from him when looking into his devoted eyes, knowing that we shared a love that two hearts could never quite feel as we did now. Perhaps never before had so much dedication, devotion been known between two loving people! 

We sensed they felt and admired this…and I eased my hand over my baby’s dick! He slouched and I knew he was going to “periscope” again! Laughing, I spluttered water as the woman giggled, offered us a glass of wine. Accepting, I felt her riveted gaze on me. I blushed, never having been admired as brazenly as she was doing now. I felt tingles, new sensations as I squeezed my baby’s cock again for support. My sweet encouraging love looked into my eyes and said softly so that only I could hear “It’s ok, baby, I’m here…” 

Still gazing at me, the woman reached down and consumed the dickhead of her man with her mouth, licking along the shaft like an ice-cream cone! God!…so erotic to see! My baby’s fingers found my cunt and moved inside. And my fist clenched hard and loving as I matched her licks with spastic jerks of my hand. The water level was only about a foot, so our motions made little ripples on the surface. Both were pleased to see the erotic visual effect of our lust!

She bent his dick back to his belly and suckled on his balls. I could feel the hardness of my baby’s cock and wanted to feel the hard purple head again in my flooded mouth. My pussy was so wet and the want to suck his dick was overpowering. Without another thought of being shy, in copycat maneuvers, I matched her licking, sucking rhythm. 

She glanced at her man and smiled, then reached over and began to spread my legs. Instinctively, I felt them easily part to her insisting hands. I felt her pull my hips up to her mouth as she tenderly stroked my pussy. ‘Oh, god!’ I thought. ‘Her lips on my shaved cunt will feel SOOOO wonderful!!!!!’ 

My baby’s eyes danced quickly as the woman fucked my pussy with her tongue! Now flat on my back, my hips moved to her mouth…and I looked at her and smiled. Her tongue flicked down and probed around my ass as she moved to kneeling between my legs. The man moved close behind her and I knew his cock was seeking her wet pussy!

And then my man’s dick dangled to my mouth, his pre-cum leaving tiny strings along my cheeks and lips. 

“Yessssssss,” my mind screamed, “YESSSS!!!!!”

I wanted to suck his dick dry as the woman drained my pussy to her mouth! So much licking, sucking, fucking! I wanted every experience I had dreamed of on this night! The tapes not only gone, but burned beyond repair!

Her throat hummed in my quivering cunt as her man fucked deep into her pussy, his dick enraged with the pussy-sucks she gave. My baby’s dick fucked sweet, but firm into my bulging cheeks. My mouth snuggled up and down the plunging shaft, and my tongue found his turgid ball-sac, then his humping ass! I wanted all of him! 

Then he lay on his side, and my face turned to suck and lick the tremulous hardness of his dick. Still on my back, I felt her tongue lick sweetly up the vulva, then suck my clit. Violently, I shuddered…and ever so lightly she moved to my cunt and tasted the cum that flowed to her greedy mouth. Then she sucked and licked with new arousal…and I found myself cumming long and strong, surrendered to this new sensation of a woman’s mouth on my pussy….

Suddenly, her mouth was gone, and my baby’s mouth replaced her own. She left me to lick her cum from her man’s cock and taste the last remains of his cum in her hungry mouth. I felt my baby’s tongue lap up the gushing cum still oozing from my cunt. Her mouth and tongue had opened all the flood gates! I felt his warm mouth sucking, licking through the soft folds of my hot, wet, juicy pussy! Ummm!….I loved to think and say those words! And I knew my delicious man loved to hear them when my voice was husky from erotic sucks and fucks! Then my throat was guttural, intense! 

My sopping cunt, still gushing cum to his waiting mouth, was so hot I thought I’d melt! But I felt so calm and comfortable that he was there with me, to love and give assurance of my new-found lust. Just weeks ago, I would not have DREAMED of so much wanton, uninhibited lust! Now there was a freedom I would never surrender again!

I found my voice saying, “You are so precious to me, baby! I love you so…and never leave me, baby! Fuck my mouth and pussy forever!” 

Once more, my cunt-cum squirted all over his face. I felt the spasms of his cock squirting cum into my mouth and down my neck to my titties. Our favorite act of love…to taste each other’s undying devotion never known before….

* * * 

Exhausted, now back at our “fucking rock,” we lay back into the sun-warmed water still steaming into the cool evening air. Approving stars seemed to wink at our naked bodies, sated from so much loving of before. We climbed to the stone and wrapped like Siamese twins in a large beach towel. My baby’s dick, now shriveled from the water and our fucking, was shrouded in the wrinkled sheath of foreskin. I reached my finger inside the hood and found the purple head still soaked with dribbles of residue cum. Laughing, I put my finger in my mouth, then soaked again. I coated his lips and watched him lick the thick white cum away, then kiss me deeply, with so much love and passion, it made my heart skip many beats! His breath was sweet and full of the taste of my cunt!

Slowly, we made our way home through the grove…holding hands as young lovers and dreaming of our precious days of love to come, a union of one…unbreakable! 

A short way into the trees, I had to pee. And I felt so natural to stoop down and let the warm pee flow onto the ground into a golden puddle. He became so aroused to see this, he pulled me up to lick it dry, his own dick letting showers of golden pee flow on my hand. My pee-drenched cunt fucked hard into his mouth, and my thighs crushed lightly on his face as he lapped and licked away all the golden trickles!

A wonderful evening to stroll through the protective trees, listening to a night owl hoot and the sound of his wings flap as he spotted us…a magnificent night for love and fucking! We walked on until we came to a spot in the wood that we had visited before…this insatiable man bent me over and I could see his hard cock fuck me from behind!

“Yessssssssssss….oh Yesssssssssss! Ram it, fuck it, baby! Let me feel it all! I really, REALLY want to feel it all! Fill my cunt with cum! Then load my asshole full of your sweet cum!” 

As the sweet love rod came out squirting cum down my ass, it went into my asshole…. Ahhhhhhhh!!!!!....massaging my clit and his finger in my cunt, the cum flooded our bodies once again. We had become insatiable! 

Our thoughts were now of home; our love nest where no one would disturb unless invited. Our haven from the world for just two people so in love, with many more nights as this to come…intermingled with splendor, so much love, devotion…. A fantastic future yet to be….