 Author's Note: This story is inspired by a fan who wishes to remain anonymous.

***

You are my next door neighbor's niece. You are staying with your aunty for a while, since you are a budding author & you've come to try for a break as a scriptwriter in the TV / Movie industry. You are thirty-something, a bit short & plump with a nice full figure. You're fair & attractive with bright, flashing eyes and long, thick, dark, lustrous hair reaching halfway to your waist. You're married, with one kid whom you have temporarily left with your Mom. You are a bit of a show-off; smart & well dressed. You know you attract men's attention...

I am tall (6'), fair, clean shaven, medium built, distinguished looking, with salt & pepper hair. I am a senior executive in a multinational company. My kids are grown up & studying abroad. We're nodding acquaintances; we've met several times on the staircase & in the building compound, exchanging smiles & pleasantries. You have noticed my admiring glances. I too have noticed your lingering glances at me...

It's mid-morning. Your uncle & aunty have left for work, leaving you alone at home. You've had a late evening out & have no appointments during the day. You wake up late & open the door to fetch the newspaper...

Just then, I step out of my apartment, on my way to the office. As befits a big boss, I usually start late, arriving at my office a couple of hours after my underlings have been slaving their asses off... 

"Hi Uncle!" You greet me, inviting me for a cup of coffee. You're wearing a dressing gown, your hair is deliciously tousled & eyes are still a bit sleepy. You look so inviting, I agree...

I wait in the living room while you excuse yourself & disappear in the bedroom. You pop out in a jiffy & I notice that you've simply taken off the dressing gown & are now in your night suit that you slept in. The night suit is made of soft, thin pink knit cotton fabric. The top reaches just below your hips. The matching pink pyjamas reach halfway down your calves. The nightie top is loose, with frilly gathers around the neck that is held closed by a spaghetti string tied into a floppy bow. I can see your breasts moving fluidly inside the loose nightie. My cock stirs inside my trousers as I studiously avoid looking at your breasts.

I follow you into the kitchen & stand resting my ass against the kitchen counter, while you busy yourself making coffee. You listen to me talking on my mobile, first to my driver & then to my secretary, telling them that I would be starting late & instructing her to reschedule my meetings. I can see color rising up your fair neck & then spreading to your cheeks... As you wait for the water to boil, you run your fingers through your long tousled hair, and then reach behind your head to gather them together & attach an alligator clasp at the nape of your neck to hold them in place. Your bosom juts out as your hands work on your hair & I can clearly see your nipples thrust out against the thin, soft fabric of your top, while the hem lifts to reveal your slim, bare midriff & the dark hollow of your navel. You notice me eyeing your breasts & respond with a coquettish toss of your head. You arrange your hair so that they are a dark waterfall flowing over your shoulder & down your front ...

You hand me a steaming mug of coffee & step next to me, standing sideways, resting a hip against the kitchen counter. We're sipping coffee & chatting idly. Soon, I feel your thigh brush against my hip. I ignore this, thinking that it's accidental. Then there it is again, a little firmer... In a while, your thigh is in full contact against mine. Although your talk is still casual & girlish, I can see your eyes start to smolder...

I brush back a lock of hair falling across your forehead & my fingers brush against your skin. We both pretend that nothing is happening & continue with our small talk. Soon, my hand trails down your bare arm & rests lightly on your out-thrust hip. Slowly & imperceptibly it creeps under your nightie top & rests on your bare belly. I start making slow, circular caressing movements on your silky smooth belly. Your breathing has become fast, shallow & erratic. Your hands have started trembling & you put down your mug on the counter, afraid that you might drop it. Your eyes are downcast as my hand reaches behind you & rubs the small of your back...

I'm thoroughly enjoying playing with you as a cat might play with a mouse... I never move closer, nor try to pull you to me. In fact the only contact between us is your thigh pressing against mine and my hand slowly & lightly caressing your belly and your back in turn. My fingers just occasionally brush against the lower slopes of your breasts and sometimes dip into your navel. 

Casually & effortlessly, I reach behind you & my fingers push the waistband of your pyjamas down, exposing a round, plump bun. My palm rubs the smooth half round bun & gently fondles it. My hand again travels to your front & my fingers play with the waistband of your pyjamas for long minutes, before slipping in & running through your soft, curly pubic air. You hold your breath in anticipation of what I'll do next, not daring to look up.

I have all the time been aware of the wonderful womanly scent of your unwashed body mingled with the fresh minty smell of toothpaste on your breath & the aroma of hot coffee. Added to these, I can now smell the musk wafting up from your hot, aroused pussy. I know you are ready -- although, mind you, I've not yet touched your breasts or your pussy, nor even kissed you. I want to experience the pleasure of hearing from you how you want to be taken.

I hold your chin in my fingers & raise your downcast face. Shyly, you look at me.

"Honey, tell me what you want next." I whisper, my eyes locked into yours, our faces just inches apart. I feel your thigh rub against mine & your breasts thrust against the soft fabric of your nightie top as you re-tie your hair. I know you you're doing this intentionally to show off your breasts & make me touch them...

I lower your arms, untie the floppy knot of the string at your neck & pull open the neck of your nightie top. As I drag it down, your plump, rounded shoulder is exposed. You hunch your shoulder up, helping me to disengage the nightie top from your elbow. Another little tug and your breast pops out. The skin is fair, satin smooth and shiny with a youthful glow. Your nipple is thick, stubby & stiff; it is surrounded by a dark, almost purple aureole. Although you've already borne a baby, your breast sags only slightly. Your arousal rises another notch as my eyes fasten on your nakedness. My finger tentatively rests against your exposed nipple. You shyly stroke my handmade silk tie, wordlessly urging me to stroke your exposed breast. 

"Do you like my tie?" I ask with a smile. You nod with your face downcast, then loosen my tie & open the top two buttons of my crisp white cotton shirt. 

My fingers start rolling & pinching your nipple, gently at first and then more firmly. Little moans of pleasure escape your lips and your eyes screw tightly shut as I occasionally pinch them hard. I let go of your nipple and grasp the whole of your plump breast in my hand. I squeeze and knead your resilient young flesh to my heart's content, sending exquisite bolts of pleasure & pain through your shivering body. You throw your arms around my neck and offer your half open lips for me to plunder. I wrap my arms around you & hold you in a tight embrace, flattening your breasts against my chest. My lips cover your open mouth and you eagerly suck my invading tongue. My hips dry hump you, trapping your body against the kitchen counter... When I release you, you are barely able to stand. I pull my tie over my head, put it around your bare throat and pull it tight. Your tresses are trapped under the tie circling your neck. I hold you by the tie and lead you to the living room. You follow meekly, unresisting; I know you're mine to do as I please... 

I pull your pyjamas down, leaving them pooled around your feet. You are now naked from the waist down, while your nightie top only partly covers one breast, leaving the rest of your chest & belly bare. You watch through half closed eyes as I quickly remove my shoes, trousers and shorts, freeing my thick, dark, hard cock. The crown is partly unsheathed and looks an angry red, wet & drooling with my juices. With gentle but firm pressure on your shoulder, I make you kneel before me. You're so close to me that as you move down, my hard, wet cock grazes your belly & then your exposed breast, leaving a light trail of precum...

You now kneel before me, your hypnotized eyes focused on my cock. I'm so tall that you have to stretch yourself up to bring your mouth level with my cock. I whisper a hoarse instruction & you pull back my foreskin, fully exposing my shiny red crown. You turn slightly sideways & rub your cheek against my crown, then repeat the same process with the other cheek, making both your cheeks wet & sticky... Finally, finally your lips open and your tongue laps all over my crown. I can't avoid jerking my hips in a fucking motion against your mouth; but today I want to fuck your cunt & so quickly control myself...

I make you lie down on the expensive hand woven silk carpet covering the living room floor. You spread your thighs apart to make place for me. I kneel between your knees & push my hands under your ass and squeeze your buns, lifting your hips up. Your furry cunt lips split open as you further stretch apart your thighs, revealing your drooling wet, pink inner lips. I stand on my knees; my hard throbbing cock juts out proudly. It moves around with a life of its own.

"Baby, do you want this inside your cunt?" I ask lewdly as your mesmerized eyes focus on my cock. Of course, you've been dying to take it in your cunt! You however nod silently; your throat is so dry with excitement, you are unable to vocalize. As I lower my cock towards your pussy I feel your soft hand on my shaft. You guide it into your cunt, hold your cunt lips open with your other hand and raise your hips to welcome it. 

As soon as I feel my cock head nestle into the warm embrace of your inner lips, I brace myself on my elbows and with controlled movements of my hips, ease my cock into your hot, profusely oozing cunt. 

"Ahhh...!" You sigh with pleasure as you feel my cock stretch your cunt wide open, sending shivers of pleasure radiating outwards. You're very close to climaxing, although I haven't even started yet... I draw my cock back; leaving only the crown embedded & then shove in again into your cunt with a hard, mighty thrust.

"Hmmmph!" You grunt as my thick cock is fully lodged inside and my pubic bone mashes your clitoris. You've not been fucked for a while and this rude invasion of your tender pussy drives you almost over the edge. You wrap your legs around my waist and thrust your hips into my groin. I fall upon your defenseless body, shaking it like a rag doll as I energetically ream your tight, hot cunt with my rampaging cock.

You surrender control over your body & mind to the uncontrollable lust of this Alpha male who is now bent upon taking his pleasure of your young, supple, soft feminine body, rudely probing your innermost recesses with hard, demanding thrusts of his thick cock, not caring for your needs... Strangely enough, you start climaxing hard as soon as you surrender to my will.

"Ahhh... ahh... ahh..." You keep moaning & grunting ecstatically in time with my thrusts as you hit climax after climax. I occasionally stop to regain my breath, lick your lips and squeeze your breasts and then resume my thrusting, until a few minutes later I too climax and pump my hot, thick, creamy semen inside your cunt. I collapse on top of you & bury my face in the fragrant tresses framing your face, regaining my breath. 

I lift my weight off of your body, still straddling you on my knees & elbows. Our bodies brush & graze against each other while I lick sweat off your face and my hands caress & fondle your breasts. You eagerly swallow my saliva drooling into your mouth as my tongue duels with yours ... 

After enjoying long minutes of post coital bliss, we separate. I get up & sprawl on a sofa chair & watch you lying wantonly naked on the carpet, your thighs apart and your wet, open, sticky cunt obscenely winking at me. There is a big wet stain on the expensive carpet, just under your cunt. 

"Clean me up!" I command you, spreading my thighs open. My limp cock is wet & slick with our combined love juices. You get up on your knees & quickly hold your pyjamas at your pussy to wipe & soak up love juices that start to dribble out. You then crawl between my legs and slowly, lovingly lick up all the wet sticky mess that covers my cock, my balls and mats my pubic hair. Your long, loose hair too picks up a bit of the sticky mess. You pull back my foreskin & lick my cock head dry. You fetch a wet towel from the bathroom and give my groin a sponging, followed by dry toweling. You then apply talcum powder to my crotch with your powder puff (the one you usually use on your face). You spy a small drop of residual semen squeezing out of my pee slit and lick that up too. All this attention is causing my cock to start getting hard again, but I reluctantly push you away.

I wait while you iron my crumpled shirt & tie so that I can put them on again. I don't want to change into fresh clothes; I want to smell the scent of your body on my clothes for the rest of the day. Before I turn to leave, you throw your arms around my neck once again & hug me tight, your soft tits mashing flat against my chest. I smell & taste your cunt as well as my own crotch as my tongue probes your mouth & duels with your tongue. I make a mental note to soon taste your cunt directly. 

We decide to make the best of your stay with your aunty...

After I leave, you clean up the wet splotch on the carpet as much as possible... You breathe in the smell of our love juices lingering on your body and in your pyjamas, spending long, lazy hours in bed, re-living our intimate moments together... 

***