 (Based on a story that was in mimeograph circulation, under the counter, 

New York City in the early'60s) 

One 

The night I met Steve I knew there was something special about him I liked. "I just about always get what I'm after," he'd said with a smile. "Sometimes I have to work hard for it, but I get it." 

I don't remember how I happened to stop into the bar after work, unless it was that Lil and I hadn't been hitting it off too well. After a year of marriage I guess the honeymoon was wearing off a little. Not that Lil wasn't damn good in bed; and she loved my big dick. A few times lately I'd gotten the idea she was imagining someone else on top of her. 

I was thinking, too, how it would be with someone new. I still loved Lil, but what the hell... 

So I was talking to this guy, Steve, and after a few beers we were slinging the shit like a couple of old buddies. He was the one that brought up dames, and the stories he told made me wish I were single again. 

We swapped experiences, including some of my rougher sessions from my Navy days, but finally I just listened. I wouldn't have believed half the stuff he told me except for the way he had of looking straight into my eyes while he talked. His enthusiasm was so apparent I got the impression he enjoyed talking about it as much as he'd enjoyed doing it. 

I finally got around to the trouble I'd been having with Lil, and he laughed. "Doesn't sound too serious to me," he said. "Maybe just a hangover from too much of a good thing. Maybe you just need a little variety." 

I happened to notice it was after eight. I telephoned Lil to say I'd be home for dinner in a few minutes, and on an impulse I asked if there was enough for three. She agreed right off, and I was a little surprised, knowing how reserved she usually 

Two 

We got home and she didn't say anything about how late it was, and she had on one of her prettiest housedresses. She seemed to warm up to Steve immediately. I was surprised; she usually doesn't warm up to strangers. He turned on the charm and in no time we were carried away with his stories of drifting around the country, lumber jacking up North, ranching in the Southwest, on a construction crew in San Francisco. I even caught Lil admiring his physique. He had his sleeves rolled up and his arms were tremendous. At nineteen and six foot two, he had at least three inches on me in height; it was hard to believe he was only a year older; he just seemed to dominate the space around him. 

After supper I got out the scotch and we sat talking while Lil did the dishes. "You're a lucky bastard," he said as soon as we were alone. "Man, what a hot lady she must be!" 

He launched into the details of a summer he'd spent lumberjacking, which got me hot as hell. Seems he'd been slipping it regularly to a teen-age cunt, as he put it, when her Mother and sister walked in on them. It must have been a set-up, he said, 'cause the Mother just smiled and said, "There must be enough there to satisfy all of us." And for the rest of the summer he'd kept all three of 'em humming. 

"But I'd give up all that for a setup like what you two have here," he said, as Lil came back in. 

"That sounds a little strange coming from a rolling stone like you," Lil laughed, "Don't tell me you're thinking of settling down." She poured herself a beer and sat down. 

"As a matter of fact," Steve said, "I've been thinking of it. Maybe I should settle down, get a real job and stay in one place awhile. 

I knew he didn't have much money or a place to stay; I was going to ask him if he'd like to spend the night when Lil spoke up, "How about working around here for awhile? We could use help. There are a million things that need fixing around here. It would give you time to look for the job you really want." 

That surprised me. She's usually reserved and quiet, almost shy. She even wears quiet clothes. Tries to play down her knockout body; I'd had to teach her how to enjoy her body. 

I could understand Steve's coming on to Lil, but what bothered me some was the way she warmed up to him. I caught myself thinking what a great couple they'd make, and that really scared me. I'd always been so bothered when other guys looked at her too long. I could tell what they'd be thinking and I didn't like it 

We talked and drank until it must have been two in the morning. I don't know if it was the scotch or what; but I got to feeling real loose. Steve and Lil were getting chummier and she encouraged him to talk about himself, and he just naturally wanted to talk about sex. He told us about some girl named Alice, who, when he was fifteen, "turned me from a jackrabbit into a man," as he put it. Of course Lil had to have the details. 

"She trained me to go slow and steady, holding back the whole way, until she was ready to get off," Steve grinned. "We'd go at it for hours, and then she had a way of turning me again so a few minutes after she'd got it, I was ready to go again." 



The talk didn't bother me; it just turned me on. I couldn't be sore at Lil; there was just something infectious in his manner. He was so relaxed and open. 

The two of them were getting fired up. Lil had that dewy-eyed expression she gets when she wants to get fucked, and she was turning it on Steve full blast. For a crazy moment I wondered how, with all his experience, Steve would go about satisfying her. 

Then I noticed his eyes, which had been lowered in one of his long, sexy stares, were closed. His head slumped onto his chest and he was out. I was pretty high myself, but I opened up the closet and got out the army cot for him to sleep on. 

"I'll make it up, Bill," Lil said, giving me an off center kiss. "You undress him." 

There wasn't much to it. He was out like a light. I was careless pulling off his boots, shirt and jeans, and I tried to rouse him as he slouched on the chair. It was no use. 

I turned to Lil and said, "Give me a hand, hon, and we'll move him to the cot." 

I took his arms, she took his legs and we lifted him onto the cot. His shorts caught on the edge and ripped open, but finally he was more or less put to bed. Lil paused a moment to stare at his body. The ripped shorts left him completely exposed. She stared at his big piece of meat for a moment and turned to me, "Darling," she murmured, "I want you to fuck me - especially hard tonight." 

Three 

She couldn't get enough, moaning every time I shoved it into her, whimpering every time I pulled it out. I brought her up to the edge time and again, nearly coming myself, and then pulling out to cool off before going at it again. She had her legs wrapped around my back, begging for more. 

I fucked her like this for about half an hour. My nuts were aching to shoot. I pulled her up on her knees, doggy style, the way she likes it best, teasing her cunt with the head of my dick. I slid into her, holding back all the way. She shoved back on me hard and I built up my speed slowly, reaching around to pinch her nipples. She was frenzied. 

"Fuck me with that horse's dick of yours," she moaned. It was a code phrase she used when she was getting ready to come. 

A crash came from the other room. We froze in mid-stroke, as Steve appeared in the doorway, rubbing the sleep from his eyes. The remains of his torn shorts slid down one leg, and his big dick stuck out about a foot. His whole frame showed in the shaft of light from the bedroom as he yawned and stretched. He looked down, and made a useless attempt to cover himself. 

"Hey, what happened to the shorts..." he started to say. 

Lil recovered first; jumping off the bed, leaving me kneeling there with my dick dripping strands of fuckjuice. 

"They got torn on the cot," she said, her breasts bouncing around as she rummaged in the dresser. "I'll get you a pair of Bill's." She pulled out a couple pair of old briefs, and slipped into some pajama tops which sort of restored her modesty. I climbed off the bed and pulled on the briefs. 

Steve pulled on the shorts "I knew there was a crack in that old cot," she laughed, "and Steve's just too big a guy not to break it." The shorts were too small on him, worn thin, but at least we could all pretend we were decent. 

While she was out of the room he said," Jeez, man, I didn't mean to break up your party." 

"Don't worry about it," I grinned, "it'll just be hotter when we get back to it" 

Pretty soon we were sitting in the living room again, Steve and I passing the brandy back and forth, Lil drinking a beer. She claimed brandy was too strong for her, but I had learned she could get a good buzz going on just beer. 

"That's the first thing I'll fix tomorrow." He said with his big grin, "and I don't mind the couch. Hell, I've slept in some pretty strange places..." and he was off on another long story. Pretty soon he and Lil were laughing together like old friends, and I managed to join in some. 

There was an ache in my nuts from the delayed orgasm, and I could feel the head of my dick sticking to my shorts as it dried. 

I was sprawled in the easy chair, facing Steve. Lil sat on the arm of the chair, and I began stroking her ass. She drew him back into tales of his exploits, like the one involving a hammock and a lady contortionist. She was idly fondling the button on her pajama tops. I knew the fabric was nearly transparent, and Steve was obviously feasting on the view of her breasts, and her creamy thighs astride the arm of the chair. 

He spread his legs and slid lower in the chair. I could have reached out and touched him at the waist. He threw a leg over the arm of the chair and pulled at the pouch of the shorts, stretching the fabric. His balls slipped out and hung there in plain sight, the size of golf balls, dusted with red hair. His dick stretched sideways to his hip, the fabric transparent from the juice he was oozing. 

Lil kept shifting her butt on the chair, fiddling with the button on her pajama top. I continued stroking her ass as she pumped him for all the steamy details of his exploits. I was raising a hardon again and I didn't care that Steve was watching. 

He slouched further, running his hand through the coppery hair on his chest. His nipples were standing erect on the mounds of his chest. 

He pushed his dick down into the shorts a couple of times, but it was too hard to stay sideways. Pretty soon it was standing straight up, the fat head of it and then some above the waistband, the foreskin retracted a little, the wet glans dark red. He ran his hands across his chest and nipples and a wad of nectar burped out of the pisshole and dribbled down, wetting the fabric to transparency. The shorts were useless, with his nuts hanging out a leg opening and half his dick sticking out the top. 

Lil was breathing hard, and the button she was fingering finally let go. He grinned as her pajama tops opened and there it all was: rigid nipples and wet snatch - the whole show in full view. I figured, well, if she's going to act like a slut, I'll treat her like one. 

I slid her ass off the arm of the chair, and onto my lap. I got my stiff dick out of my shorts and pulled her back on it. She started sliding back on it, had some of it into her, and then realized what she was doing. 

She stood up, suddenly angry, and threw the remains of her beer at me. "God," she said, "men are such pigs!" and she stormed into the bedroom and slammed the door. 

There was a moment of silence as Steve and I just looked at each other, me with my stiff dick standing up and cold beer dripping off my chest. He stood up, shoved his briefs to the floor and stepped out of them. 

"Y'know," he said, "she needs it bad, and if you're not going to give it to her I will." His dick sticking straight out, pointed at me. "But first she needs a good spanking," and he threw me that grin. 

I was right behind him as he threw his shoulder against the door. It gave easily. She was cowering on the bed, and we stood over her. She looked up at me and whined, "Don't let him touch me, Bill." 

"Wait a minute, Lil," I said. "You've been a real prick tease tonight. I think you deserve whatever you get." 

Steve sat on the edge of the bed and ripped the pajama top off Lil. He hauled her across his lap with her trembling butt in the air. "You'd better hold her hands, Bill," he said. "I'm going to warm up this little ass but good. And then I'm going to fuck it." 

She started to howl as his big hand started slapping her tender ass, but she quieted right down when he said, "You really are a little prick-tease, aren't you?" Her ass started turning pink. "Get a guys dick stiff and itching for it and then run away. Well, you can't get away with that any more. When I get through with you you'll have the hottest little bottom in town. And then you're gonna get fucked, and fucked hard." 

Her ass was turning cherry red. He wasn't slapping hard; he just kept going with it. 

"Ready to apologize?" Steve asked her, "Ready to apologize to your husband?" 

"Yes." Lil said meekly. His arm relaxed in midair and her body went limp on him. "I'm sorry, Bill. I didn't mean to be such a tease." 

He picked her up and stretched her out on the bed. "Now show us how you're going to spread your legs and pump when I fuck you." he said. 

She pouted, but she spread her legs a little and pushed up. "You can do better than that, Lil, and you will when we get going." He climbed up on top of her and rubbed his dick up and down her wet pussy a few times and then stuck the head of it into her. She moaned. 

"Too big?" he smiled at her. "You're going to love it when we get going," and he slid the rest of it into her all in one movement. She let out a little cry and started breathing hard. 

In no time at all she was gasping and throwing it up at him with every thrust. It alarmed me to see her getting on so fast, but when she cried out, "Oh fuck me with that horse's dick of yours!" I lost it. 

I shoved him off her, and shouted, "Nobody makes love to my wife but me. Now get out of here." 

"Okay, man, if that's the way you want it," he smiled at both of us and simply got off the bed and walked out. Lil and I stared after him, and then at each other. Steve poked his head in at the door. He had his pants on and his boots in one hand and his shirt in the other. 

"I'll be seeing you then," he smiled and headed for the back door. We heard him open the door, and we heard the door slam. 

Four 

There was only a moment's pause before both Lil and I were off the bed, racing for the kitchen. 

"No, Steve, don't go," Lil was sobbing in frustration. 

And there he was, standing by the door with that killer grin on his face. "Well", he said, "I didn't think you really wanted me to go," he was taking off his shirt. "And since you both want me to stay, I will." He slipped out of his pants. "But this time it's going to be on my terms." He wrapped his arms around Lil and stared straight into her eyes. 

"I've got a powerful urge, Lil," he said to her. "Your job is going to be keeping my dick humming. I think you'd like that, wouldn't you?" She nodded her head and murmured yes. 

"Now why don't you get down there and get your tongue around my balls. Let's get that buzz going." 

With a murmur of anticipation, she knelt in front of him and started licking around those hairy balls. He reached out an arm and pulled me close to his side. He was a little taller than I was; he bent his head a little and said, 

"And you're going to help, too, Bill. Give it a good squeeze so you know what we're working with here." 

I grabbed it at the base, so thick my fingers didn't go all the way around it, and squeezed. Half hard, it was heavier than my own. The feel of it gave me a shuddering thrill. He pulled my face to his and turned on a big smile, staring deep into my eyes, while his other hand squeezed my ass. 

"Get a good grip on my dick, Bill, just behind the head. And Lil, I want you to lick it, just the tip of it. Yeah, that's right. Does it taste good? I knew you'd like it." 

I watched her licking the moist tip of it. He had his arm around my waist, holding me against his hip. My own dick, as rigid as ever, was brushing his balls. 

"Now Bill," he said, "Just skin it back for her. 

I skinned it back like he said. She licked the honey as it flowed from him. 

"Show us how much you can take." he said. She opened wide and took the whole head in her mouth, making a lot of sucking noises as she went. 

"Can't take very much?" he said, "Don't worry; you'll be getting lots of practice." 

I was still holding that big piece, squeezing it for Lil. He had his arm around my waist and was rubbing a finger around my asshole. 

He took us in hand and led us back to the bedroom, where he sprawled out on the bed against the pillows, almost in a sitting position with his hands behind his head. He spread his legs and grinned at Lil. 

"Climb on, gorgeous," he said. "This one's for you." 

She straddled his waist and lowered herself onto his cock, the head of it covering his navel. He took her hands in his and leaned her forward, chewing on her nipples as she rubbed herself back and forth, coating it with her wetness. 

"Give us a hand, Bill," he said, so I reached between their legs and pulled it up; it was fully hard now. She centered herself above it. 

"Oh God," she moaned, as the head of it slipped into her. She shook her ass and slowly eased herself down about halfway. I reached around and tickled her clit and squeezed the base of his dick. I'd never been so turned on. 

"Come on, honey, you can take it all. I wanted to see this. 

She spread her legs a little more and sat on the rest of it, her blonde hair mixing with his copper colored bush. I stroked her clit, hard as a pebble, and ran my finger around her inner lips, stretched around that thick meat. 

"You see, Lil," Steve said to her, "Plenty of room, I'll bet you could go for getting both of us at the same time." He pulled me up so Lil could reach for my hard dick, her hand playing with it, "How about if Bill here slips it in the back door? Ever get it both ways at once?" 

She rocked back and forth for a moment, and then she was coming, shaking her head and keening in a high pitched whine I'd heard before, but not recently. She had my dick in a grip that almost hurt, and I saw the foam working out of her, soaking his crotch. 

When she had come down a little. Steve rolled her over on her back, and started fucking her, slow and steady at first, and then faster and harder. This time he was fucking for himself. She cried out every time he plowed into her. 

"Get in there close, Bill," he said, spreading his legs more, slowing his tempo, "play with my balls." 

They were more than a handful, swollen and hard, tight up against the base of his cock. I ran my hands all over them. I tried to stretch them out a little and Steve slowed his tempo, taking shallower thrusts. 

He had come to a near standstill, just rocking his hips from side to side a little. "Now Bill, just reach down there and wrap your hand around my dick and skin it back. It was wet and slick with her juices. I peeled it back for him, exposing the angry red knob; I knew what he wanted. He wanted his cockhead bare for the final thrust. 

He jammed into her and kept pushing. I could feel the pulsing in his ass. I knew he was pumping one hell of a load into her; and she was coming again, incoherent gasps of 'fuck me' and 'horse cock'. 

Five 

He pulled out and rolled off to her other side and the three of us lay there, catching our breath. I wanted to get in there and fuck her. I'd been delaying for so long my nuts ached. I climbed on top of Lil and made to slip it to her. 
