 'Does anyone know if she goes by another name?'

'Where can I find her other videos?'

We scanned the comments together. Lindsey Cruz, real name Maria Rodriguez, appeared to have quite the following already, just weeks after her video had gone live. Over 150,000 views on the free porn website where the video was hosted, and a 4.4 rating out of 5.

As we sat on her couch on this Wednesday night and watched the video yet again, Maria continued to critique her performance. "I should have looked at the camera....here," she muttered to herself, looking away. I broke my gaze as well as Evan continued to fuck her ass, and sat back on the couch next to her as the laptop ran.

Our relationship had continued to evolve over the past few weeks since "Lindsey" filmed her video. We had become official. I hadn't met her children yet, but they did know that "mommy" had a boyfriend. Her ex-husband knew as well, and was supportive. He did, after all, have a girlfriend of his own. He had the kids tonight, and as with every other night for the past week and a half, I was spending the night at Maria's place.

The clock ticked towards 8 PM, and she appeared nervous. I knew why – we had a Skype conference with a director tonight. Nick had put us in touch with him, and though he worked in Nevada and we were in Massachusetts, he still wanted to chat with us, get to know us. What could it hurt? Worst comes to worst, he's a creep and we end the phone call early.

Truth be told, I was unsure how I felt of this whole potential foray into porn. This was not what I'd signed up for, and she was nervous as well, what with a job to lose and kids of her own. She wanted to set a good example, be a good mother, and she was. But there was no denying how much we had enjoyed our previous encounters and the video we had made, and if there was money to be made from it, why not? She had an obligation to take care of her kids and give them the best life possible, after all.

The Skype ringer began to go off. 8:01 PM our time, 5:01 his time. Just as promised. She adjusted her pretty light-brown hair slightly and answered the call....only to see a woman on the other end of the webcam. She identified herself as Alicia, and said that she was John Wilson's assistant and that he would be there shortly, before putting us on hold.

Maria looked good, yet modest. She always looked pretty with her simple look. Today she wore cute jeans, tight on her curvy hips, and a white t-shirt with her cleavage spilling out slightly. She was wearing makeup, but not too much that it'd be overpowering.

Within minutes, a man appeared at the other end of the webcam. He identified himself as John Wilson, the man with whom we had been communicating. He was a bit older than I was expecting, but appeared to fit the "porn director stereotype. Skinny, older, maybe late 40s, moustache. He smiled as he greeted us – "Maria! Ryan! Good to meet you both," he said with a smile.

We both replied hello, awkwardly both trying to lean into the camera shot. We made small talk – how's the weather? How's work? – things like that, to feel him out. He seemed oddly normal, despite the fact that Maria was effectively on a pornographic job interview.

A door opened and closed, and John turned the camera to a second man, slightly younger, who identified himself as Andrew. John called him the VP of the organization, Extreme Productions. Extreme was a decent sized player in the porn game, as far as I knew - I was far from a porn expert but had heard of the company. Andrew smiled and put his papers down to greet us before getting down to business. The interview became very heated, very quickly.

"Ryan – you're her manager? Agent?" Andrew said, looking into the camera.

"Uhh....both?" I replied, unsure.

"Both?" Andrew replied. "Are you not sure?"

"He's my boyfriend and manager," Maria said firmly, her hand on my leg off-camera.

"Ah," Andrew said, sitting back. "Got it." I couldn't tell what that meant, but I also had no idea what it meant to be Maria's manager.

"So, Maria," John butted in, turning the camera to himself. "I hear you've been talking to some other companies, am I right?" It was true – she had been talking to two other companies, similar to Extreme.

"I, I guess," she stuttered. "How did you know that?"

John laughed and smiled. "Well, we wouldn't be good businesspeople if we didn't know what our competitors were up to, right?" I nodded to myself and smirked at her naïveté.

Andrew pulled the camera back to himself. "So, we've seen your video. Very impressive. Why did you choose to work with Nick Johnson?"

Maria shrugged. "He was a friend of a friend," she replied. Somewhat honest, I suppose. "Offered to shoot us for free."

"Us," Andrew laughed a bit. "Shoot 'us'. Honey, you were the star of the video. You could put any guys in that video and it'd still be shooting you. In case you haven't realized, the girls are the stars of the videos – that's why we're negotiating with you."

'Negotiating' – that struck a chord here. Were they actually going to be offering something?

"So, tell us a bit about you," John cut in. "Age, descent, children, height/weight. Disease free? Go."

"39," she replied shyly. "Puerto Rican-American. 2 sons. 5'4", 135. 36D. 38 hips. And yes." The men scribbled notes on their legal pads, nodding and shrugging to one another.

"Good, good," Andrew replied. "Latina MILF. You could do well with us," he laughed. "You know we have the largest stable of the top MILF actresses of any firm in the industry?"

"Um, no," she responded. I shook my head as well. This had become an odd job interview.

"That we do," John added. "And our Latina division consistently ranks as one of the highest-rated. Those other companies you're talking to – they certainly won't get you the exposure that we could." Maria bit her lip a bit, trying to be calm. John could tell, as he watched her. "Nervous?" he asked.

"Well, kinda, I guess. I mean, I've never done this before," she replied.

"Nervous about your kids and friends seeing you online, right? He replied without hesitation.

Maria nodded. "Yes, that's part of it."

John nodded. "I'll level with you. They will see the videos. Your coworkers won't say anything to your face, they will be too embarrassed to admit to you that they watched your porn. Eventually one of the kids' friends will see a video and will tell their friends, but what's the worst that happens?"

Maria hesitated. "My kids get picked on at school?"

John and Andrew each laughed. "Not at all," they replied. "You'd become a goddess to teenage boys. They'll try to make their harmless moves on you, thinking you're a slut. That's it. It's awkward but not the end of the world, trust us – we have gone through this many times before with our actresses who have made the move from amateur to semi-pro, so to speak."

Andrew cut in. "He's right. I understand your worry, but it's not a big deal. So let's get down to business, hypothetically," he moved right on. "Are you under contract with anyone?" She shook her head no and responded accordingly. "Good," he scribbled more notes. "And have you filmed other videos? We've only seen the one." She replied no once again, and Andrew's face lit up. "Exclusive rights," he said to John while scribbling.

John took the camera. "So, what are you interested in doing on-camera? We've seen your work; we enjoyed it. You're raw, but in a good way, eager, excited, yet cutely amateurish. I think we could have a nice partnership."

Maria awkwardly shrugged and looked at me, and I looked back at her, prompting her to answer that she didn't know.

"Ok, well let's see. Boy/girl? Girl/girl? Group? Gangbang? Anal? What?" John replied. "Cause I can tell you what we had in mind."

Maria looked terrified. I turned the camera to myself to give her some relief and took the reins. "What did you have in mind?" I replied.

John picked up his papers. "We think she'd fit in well in a few of our series. Busty MILFs, Mommy Does Anal, POV Pussy, Lesbian Mommies, and My First Gangbang," he looked up at the camera. I sat back and contemplated.

"What would they entail?" I said. Maria clutched at my thigh, her face turning beet red.

"Busty MILFs and POVP are simple B/G, vaginal sex. Busty is breast-themed. She can even pick her guy from our stable of male actors. Mommy Does Anal is Boy/Girl with anal, obviously. Lesbian Mommies would be her and two of our other MILFs. And the gangbang is a gangbang. Probably 4 men. Facials across the board where applicable, obviously not in the lesbian film or the busty one; that one will have him finish on her chest."

I sat in silence with her by my side. I suppose there was only one way to go from here. "How would it work logistically? And the pay?"

Andrew chimed in. "We'd have her come out for a week, fly out to Nevada. Get in on Sunday. Come into the office Monday morning for some paperwork and a tour. Film Monday thru Friday, fly back out Friday night. We'll even fly you out if you want, put you both up in a hotel for the week. All expenses paid, within reason. You are welcome to come watch the filming if you'd like, some boyfriends do like to that. Most don't, though."

Maria popped in from the side, off-camera. "I don't really want to do the lesbian one," she said softly.

Andrew cocked his head to the side a bit. "Most women love that one, it's basically a day off for them. Why not?"

"I don't know," she replied. "I'm not really into it."

Andrew took notes and looked at John. They nodded in unison. "No big deal," Andrew replied, scribbling. "Four videos then."

"And the pay?" I added.

"Of course," he replied. "$500 for the standard B/G scenes. $600 for the anal. $800 for the gangbang. $2,400 total." I had done some research on this aspect, but had never negotiated like this.

"That's low," I countered. Andrew sat up in his chair, and I suddenly felt like a pimp. "We want $800 for the B/G, $1,000 for the anal, and $1,500 for the gang," I replied, aiming high.

Andrew sat back, incredulous. "We can't do that. Not even close. Are you crazy?" I shrugged. "$600 for the B/G scenes. $700 anal. $900 gang. $2,800 total. Best we can do."

"$3,200, flat," I replied. The two men murmured off-camera.

"$3,000, final," he shot back. Maria squeezed my leg and I sat back. "$3,000 is a lot of money. Think about what you can do with that money, Maria. Trust me, Ryan, you will not get a better offer than this from any other firm. She's not some tight young 18 year old starlet, don't forget that. She doesn't command the highest rates, sorry to say. We have the best directors and the best male actors." I muted the conversation and turned to Maria. She looked at me, speechless. I had just negotiated a going rate for sex with my girlfriend.

"I can't make this decision now," she said softly. I nodded. "I need to think about this."

I unmated the Skype. "We are not able to make a decision at this time. Send us the paperwork and we will review and get back to you," I said in a demanding tone.

"One week," John commented. "Take a week to review and get back to us. $3,000 flat fee. 2 B/G vaginal scenes, 1 B/G anal, 1 gangbang with DP. We'd really like to work with you, Maria," John said as I turned the camera back to her. "You'd get a lot of exposure, and depending how you do, we may want to work with you in the future. We are the ultimate professionals here at Extreme, and we will take good care of you and your career. We understand your hesitations, but we have done this many, many times before with women just like you. You won't regret this," he said with a smile.

It seemed to ease her nerves a bit. Maria said her goodbyes to the men, and Andrew promised I'd have the contract in email form in a matter of hours. The chat ended 45 minutes after it'd started, and she and I sat speechless on the couch. Did that really just happen?

I wasn't sure how I felt about it. I wasn't into the whole cuckold angle, but this didn't feel like a cuckold. But still, it was different. It was a mutual fantasy when we were involved in the group play. This was essentially me passing her off to other men for money. But $3,000 was a lot of money and could go a long way for her and her kids, and I realized that. And, strangely, it felt just like business – nothing personal. We had a lot to discuss.

But for now, it was clear that this conversation had gotten Maria going, and she slinked to the floor and pushed the computer aside as she began to unbutton my pants. I didn't stop her as she slid my pants off, and I tossed my shirt to the side as she began to suck. I like this girl a lot.

"A $3,000 contract," I murmured, brushing back her hair as she looked up at me. "They liked your audition." She continued to suck, and I knew this wasn't going to last long. Truth be told, the conversation had gotten me going as well.

I lifted her off my cock and slid her top off to reveal her bra before removing her pants. I kept her panties and bra on as I helped her onto the couch, pulling her panties to the side as I entered her. She was soaked; I went right in and pulled her on top of me as we kissed.

"Someone enjoyed that phone call," I said to her, prompting a nod.

"I'm not the only one," she whispered inbetween kisses, bouncing on my cock. She was right, and I nodded, kissing her and grinding our hips together. I wondered if the neighbors could see, given how close the homes were, but it didn't matter as I felt her wet hole encompassing my cock.

"Maybe I should do it," she said playfully, sitting up to ride me. "Would you like that?" She asked, looking for approval.

I didn't know how to respond, so I changed the subject between moans. "Take your fucking bra off," I gasped. She obliged, tossing it aside and revealing her creamy 36Ds with the cute light-brown nipples.

"Am I your busty MILF?" She asked, giggling as she bounced.

"Fuck yes," I said softly, sitting up to kiss her breasts and helping her onto her back and penetrating her missionary.

She giggled and moaned. That ecstasy moan – I loved it.

"Seems you like having me pimp you out," I said, pressing her into the couch with my thrusts.

"I believe that would make me your whore," she giggled, looking up at me for approval once again. I kissed her and grinded our bodies together.

"I guess so, whore," I laughed.

"Would you be okay with it?" She asked again between moans. She actually was interested in this.

"Yes," I responded, not wanting to break the mood. Truth be told, I wasn't sure, but I wanted to keep the dirty talk going.

Her eyes were piercing, those pretty hazel eyes. "Take me to Vegas," she traced her hands across my back. "We can relax, just me and you. No kids, nothing," she said softly as I slowed my pace. "It'll be nice, you can lay by the pool and we can go out at night."

It did sound nice, when she put it that way. "But you'll be busy during the day, busy fucking," I said half-serious.

"It's all business, though," she crooned. "And $3,000. That's a lot for me."

"Spend your days being degraded, and your nights feeling like a queen," I replied, getting into the mood. She clawed at my back softly, and we kissed as I approached climax. We kissed forcefully as I pressed her body into the sofa and finished inside of her. It felt like girlfriend-sex, for once, rather than porn star sex. It was nice. Normal.

I sighed and slid off of her, watching my cum dribble out from her pussy slowly. She didn't seem concerned as some slid onto the couch as she fixed her hair. She still looked gorgeous, and it looked like she wasn't done yet.

"Don't stop, baby," she moaned as she exhaled, slightly exhausted. "Don't stop..." she trailed off. I knew I couldn't keep going at the moment, but steeled up my nerve and asked her to climb onto all fours. She obliged, he ass teasing my half-hard cock as she danced it in midair.

I made the move – I leaned in, watching as more of my cum slipped out of her hole, and began to taste her ass. I moved slowly at first, kissing her cheeks before moving in to lick her hole. She giggled and pulled her body away; I pulled her hips close and continued to tongue up-and-down, dancing my tongue along her body.

Sensing an idea, I sat up and jogged upstairs, leaving her on the couch. I grabbed her small rabbit vibrator and headed down the stairs to find her still open for me. I handed her the vibrator and settled back in on all fours myself to continue on her ass.

Without a word, she leaned on her right shoulder and began to use the vibrator on herself. The vibrating noise muffled our mutual moans, and the vibrator had begun to spray my cum a little bit onto my body.

I didn't care as I tasted her asshole, tonguing it in and out, up and down. It wasn't the cleanest, frankly – she hadn't planned for this, and we had gotten quite sweaty. But it was manageable, and there was no way I was stopping. She moaned and the vibrator danced teasingly close to my tongue.

"Cum for me," I moaned, flicking her asshole. "You fuck like a porn star - if you want to be one, you have to cum for me." She moaned and tossed and turned, and we engaged in filthy banter.

It didn't take long – she began to shake and moan and cum violently. I did my best to keep my tongue pressed on her ass as her body writhed and rocked.

She slinked onto the couch, spent, ass still slightly face-up. I gave it a little caress as she sighed and rolled over, looking at me and smiling, her hands dancing on my chest.

"Did you like that, Lindsey?" I asked, teasing. She giggled and nodded without responding. "Do you actually want to do this?" I followed-up.

She nodded slowly, a bit unsure. "I think so."

That was all we discussed that night, switching topics to more mundane ones as we headed for bed. We made plans for the weekend and watched the news before she broke the code and asked that I think about it and let her know if I was ok with it. I still wasn't sure, I told her.

The next few days passed. I had received the contract from Andrew via email, and reviewed with her over the weekend. The longer we went, the more comfortable I became with the whole situation. It wasn't easy, but we arranged another evening conference call with the men for Monday.

John and Andrew sat across from us, via Skype once again, eager to hear her response. "I'm in," she said confidently, simply.

"You've made a great decision," John said happily. Andrew shuffled his paperwork, and we made the arrangements to have the contract notarized and sent to the men. Andrew got down to business.

"Three weeks from now sound good?" I thought to myself – that could work for me. I'd need to take the entire week off from work. I looked at Maria who shrugged and nodded. 

"Should be good," I responded.

"Good, you'll fly in on the 25th. We should be able to film Busty on the 26th, Anal on the 27th, 28th can be a day off, POV 29th, Gangbang 30th. Long week, heh," he laughed. Maria laughed softly. "We've got a full wardrobe for you, Maria. Just dress comfortably and bring whatever you'll need for your personal activities for the week. You'll be here for a few hours each day. You'll have plenty of fun, and the week will go by before you know it."

We exchanged pleasantries and ended the call with the basic details. Maria looked at me and we kissed as the call ended. She was going to become a porn star. Clearly turned on once again, she began to trace her hands down my body. I took her hand and led her to the bedroom and closed the door, eager to see where we were headed next....