 Sandra lay in the bath staring at her breasts. "To bra or not to bra that is the question!" she mused to herself. After the interlude with Mr. Douglas earlier that day on Chad Neal's desk when she had been royally fucked by the firm's most important client, what to wear (or leave off) on their date that evening was proving to be a problem.

She must wear panties definitely, no doubt about that but she didn't want to appear giving out the wrong signals by making it apparent she had nothing on underneath her dress. Though perhaps sending out the wrong signals was neither here nor there she thought to herself, not being able to suppress a smile at the memory of the sex they had enthusiastically engaged in.

Finally, she decided she wouldn't wear a bra at all. Her breasts were full and firm enough to go without. The only dress she had with her that was suitable for the night had a wrap-over tie front with a couple of buttons at the waist for extra security. It looked modest enough but undo the buttons and it had a way of coming a little bit loose, revealing a lot to anyone sitting opposite her! 

As she had soaked in the scented oil she thought about fucking the company's most important client over her boss' desk! What in Heaven's name had she been thinking of? That she had been feeling sexually frustrated and he was more then willing to relieve her frustrations was one thing but for her to actually unzip his pants and release his erection, was another thing. But, she conceded, they were both adults, and as she wasn't technically an employee of the company she was hardly infringing any company rules.

The sex they had engaged in had been quick and gratifying but also silent. Mr. Douglas hadn't said anything during the actual act, merely grunting as he had climaxed. Sandra had had to stuff her hand over her mouth to stop herself shouting out as she came. Chad Neal's office was over the warehouse so anyone could have heard them shouting out she allowed. 

After his invitation to dinner had been accepted, he had tidied his stuff away and pulled his jacket on. As he left the office Sandra had watched his retreating back in dismay. A quickie over a desk was one thing but agreeing to see him for dinner was another. His comments about "a main course" meant there was probably more sex to come later on. Despite her uneasiness about the whole situation she had to admit she was also excited by the prospect of his fucking her again. 

Sandra checked herself in the mirror with astonishment. She looked so… available, unlike her usual prim way of dressing. Tonight, she had tied the dress quite tightly so that her unrestrained breasts were outlined in the silky material, the crossover neck showing just enough cleavage to make it interesting. The sleeves were long and tight and the dress reached just above her knees. Her strapped high heels, though sexy, were quite high and made walking long distances impossible. Luckily the place they were going to eat was only around the block from the apartment she was staying in.

Mr. Douglas was already waiting for her as she arrived at the restaurant. He smiled to himself as he noticed some other guys ogling her large breasts jiggling under her dress as she walked by. Who would have thought such a prim and proper English woman would be such a hot babe? 

That the initial bunny-fuck over the desk that afternoon had turned into a dinner date was a surprise to him. Sherrie hadn't been pleased when he had cancelled their date for that evening but he had a nice piece of British pussy to play with and new territory was always more intriguing than visiting places you knew already.

Sandra fetched up beside him slightly flushed. She had noticed the men looking at her as well and it had thrilled her. "Would you like a drink first?" he asked, indicating the foyer of the restaurant.

"That would be nice" she responded calmly and followed him to a corner seat. She wasn't feeling calm though. Ever since she had seen her reflection in the glass she had felt a little light-headed. That strange men had been openly ogling her jiggling breasts and making crude remarks has merely added to the weird feelings. 

A waiter took their order and Sandra toyed with her watch, barely able to look Mr. Douglas in the face. She needed to put him right about something. Taking a deep breath she blurted out "I want you to know I don't make a habit of doing of what happened, um, what we did this afternoon." 

He shrugged, "Makes no difference to me honey. I already told you, I wanted a quick screw and you were available. And willing." Before she could think of what to reply to his bluntness, the waiter arrived with their drinks and menus. "You and I are both adults and surely know what tonight is all about. I want to get inside your panties again and you want to let me. You wouldn't have accepted my invitation otherwise, would you?"

There was no use in denying the truth. They were hot for each other. She shook her head and said "No." With that she knew she had entered into an agreement that allowed him to do what he wanted with her. The thought of what might happen excited the hell out of her. The Canadian tossed down the last of his bourbon and laughed softly. "So, we're under no illusions about why we are here then."

When they were ushered in to the restaurant, Sandra saw that part of it comprised a row of intimate booths, tucked away from the main room and affording the occupants a great deal of privacy. That they were shown to a booth didn't surprise her one little bit. It wasn't big enough for them to sit too far apart without some sort of bodily contact. At the moment this meant their thighs were touching. 

Mr. Douglas chatted amiably, which put her at her ease. He asked her about how she felt about New York and had she been to Canada. They were progressing to the weather when their starters arrived. He had ordered a wine to accompany the dish and kept topping up Sandra's glass as they chatted. He was careful to pour enough to make her relaxed but not enough to get her drunk. 

Sandra was losing track of what she was drinking as she tucked into her first course. Not having eaten anything since lunchtime she knew she would need some sustenance to absorb the wine. She also knew she need the wine to give her Dutch courage. The sexual tension between them was becoming tangible. She was almost sure the waiter could detect it when he had served their hors D'oeuvre. 

Sitting in the booth she knew they couldn't be seen by anyone else and they would be able to see the waiter approaching long before he reached them allowing them time to straighten themselves up.

Slipping her shoe off she placed her foot into Mr. Douglas' lap and wriggled her toes. He looked a little surprised at her manoeuvre but didn't push her foot away. Emboldened, she began gently pushing her toes against his groin in a soft kneading action, all the while keeping eye contact with him. His eyes normally a vivid blue were turning darker as his arousal became apparent under her toes. Still keeping her foot in that position, she leaned back and drew hem of her dress up her thighs. 

She was rewarded for her actions by his hot and hungry gaze feasting on her exposed black lacy stocking tops and her red suspenders peeking out from under her skirt hem. To tease him further, she altered her posture so that he also had a good view of her pubic mound covered in red lace. 

Mr. Douglas made no attempt to touch her. It was as if he were challenging her to go even further. Sandra readily took up the challenge and slipped the anchoring buttons undone at the waist of her skirt thus loosening the bodice of her dress. She lifted her hands and parted the dress still further so that her breasts were exposed for him to feast his eyes on. Sitting nonchalantly back in her seat, she sat taunting him with her provocative pose. She knew he was goading her into more and more blatant behaviour by his refusal to touch her or speak. 

Though she was inwardly appalled by her lewd behaviour she couldn't stop herself from licking a finger and running it over her damp panty crotch. Before he could say or do anything the waiter came into view to collect their empty dishes.

Although Sandra had removed her foot from his lap, she merely adjusted the front of her dress allowing the waiter to get a good view of her breasts. He smirked and winked knowingly at Mr. Douglas "Is the lady hot Sir?"

"Very."

She was outraged at their talk but it made her feel even more provoked as the company's most important client made her feel like a cheap slut. If he had suggested the elderly waiter fucked her across the table she would have agreed she was so horny.

The waiter then explained that because of an unexpected problem in the kitchen their next course would be delayed. This was music to Sandra's ears! As the waiter walked off she picked up her napkin. "Oops!" she said and smiled as she slipped under the table.

In a trice, Mr. Douglas' rigid cock was nestled in her hands. His face was a little pink but other than that he gave no indication that he was being given a blowjob under the table. Regrettably, there wasn't the room to give him a full and proper one but Sandra did what she could in the cramped location. 

Starting off by lapping greedily at the tip and sides, she sucked it into her mouth until she was satisfied with the degree of moisture to it. She gently manipulated it in her hands for a few moments, teasing his pre-cum juices with her fingertips onto her lips. As she did this, she made little mewing sounds of appreciation. She could hear him groaning above her and this spurred her on. Just as she was about to suck on it again, he pushed her away and zipped up his pants. Dismayed, Sandra poked her head from under the table.

"Up here, now!" he instructed, his tone giving her no thought of dissent. He helped her up and before she could do anything else grabbed her by her arm and pulled her out of the booth. Luckily the booths were situated so that they couldn't be seen from the main restaurant because he didn't allow her to secure her dress. 

There was a small room situated a few feet away and she followed Mr. Douglas into it where upon he shut the door after them and turned the key. "Right, hon. you want to behave like a slut I'll treat you as one!" With that he pushed her towards the sink and bent her forward pushing her skirt up over her buttocks to her waist and pulling her panties down where they pooled in a damp lacy mound around her ankles. "Step out of them honey, you won't be needing those again tonight." 

"Jeez, you're wetter than Niagara! " he exclaimed feeling her wet pussy. Sandra humped against his hand as he slid two fingers into her. "You just ready and waiting for me to fuck you doggie-style slut aren't you?" Sandra breathlessly nodded unable to speak. 

That wasn't enough for him. "Can't hear you asking me to slip my dick into your fuck-hole" he reminded her crudely. 

She licked suddenly dry lips, "Please fuck me," she begged, "I want it so badly." "No, hon, I want you to say the exact words."

"S-slip your dick into my fuck-hole."

He lightly rubbed her buttocks, "It'll give me great pleasure to fuck your Brit pussy honey." 

Because she was so wet, he slipped his thick cock into with ease. She held onto the taps for anchorage as he thrust into her furiously, his cock filling her deeply. As his balls slapped against her, she writhed beneath him urging him on. "Oh yes. Your cock feels to good inside me. Oh yes. Fuck me harder. Harder." she urged breathlessly.

Reaching under her, he roughly pulled the front of her dress aside and started fondling her breasts as he lunged into her. As he started pinching and twisting her nipples, Sandra moaned in ecstasy. "Oh yes, oh yes" she whimpered, "Really pinch them hard, really make them hurt!" she insisted. Mr. Douglas avidly complied with her request, twisting her long dark nipples more forcefully.

"Jeez, honey, you've got me so excited I can't hold on for much longer." He could feel his cock thickening as his hot semen gathered ready to spill inside her hot pussy. Sandra had thrown her head back now in rapture as she started to succumb to her climax. Mr. Douglas was having none of it. Before she came, he wanted her to see for herself how shameless she looked, what a lewd and wanton creature she had turned into. 

He slid out of her and, grabbing her hair, pulled her upright. Sandra gazed at her reflection in incredulity. Her dress was hanging open at the front and she was fully exposed to his gaze. Her nipples were red and sore after his ministrations, and her breasts were starting to shoe signs of marking. Through the damp tangle of hair, her pussy-lips were highly visible. "Who would have thought you liked it rough honey?" he laughed, stroking her nipples as he cupped her breasts. "Has anyone ever tied these up?" She shook her head.

"Pity, I think they'd look pretty good tied nice and tight. Under a sweater, no panties but keeping those stockings and gaiters on of course" 

No guy had ever said anything so crude to her before and the pictures his words conjured up sent Sandra whimpering to the edge of climaxing. "Please finish fucking me. I need to be fucked" she begged him; she couldn't take much more without some release. 

He let her go, bending her back over the sink. His cock slipped back into her wet and dripping mound and it didn't take long for both of them to achieve a mutual satisfaction. This time he did more than grunt when he came. "Oh Jeez, I can't hold it any longer" he groaned. He pulled out in the nick of time and flooded Sandra's buttocks with a stream of hot, thick semen, which slide down her thighs to join their mingled juices. "Oh, Jeez honey" he moaned.

She lost track of where she as she succumbed to her orgasm which gripped her and held her for minutes as she shuddered to a heap on the floor. Such a sexual flurry had never happened to her before. She had turned into some shameless woman she didn't recognise and it scared the Hell out of her. All this with the company's most important client! 

"Jeez, honey. What happened here? Are you ok?" Mr. Douglas had squatted down in front of her, his breath calmer now as he checked on her.

"I think so." She said slowly, finding it embarrassing to look at him. 

He laughed softly and caught Sandra to his warm body. He smelt faintly musky and she could smell her arousal on his fingers as he touched her face and hair. "You can't stay down there for the night, this is the room where to staff have their breaks."

Sandra looked at him in dismay and scrambled up, then caught sight of her in the mirror. "Oh dear God, what do I look like?" She poked and pulled at her clothes uselessly as all her co-ordination had vanished. In the corner she could see her panties, lying discarded in the corner of the room. She reminded herself that she must put them back on before they left the restaurant. 

"Like someone who had just been fucked, allow me" He pulled her dress together and did up the buttons, leaving her to attempt to tie the belt with shaking fingers.

"How can you be so calm?" she snapped, still mortified by how she had acted.

Mr. Douglas was now straightening his tie in the mirror and smoothing his hair. He was calm as opposed to Sandra who couldn't get her purse open because she was trembling so much. He turned to her and lightly put his arms on her shoulders. "Much as that was my most favourite main course, our food will be waiting. Come on." With that he kissed her lightly on the lips and turned her around to walk out of the room.

On the way back to their table, Sandra had stopped by the ladies' room and made some attempt to straighten herself. She had repaired her make-up and hair and buttoned up her dress but something was missing. She had crossed a sexual line and she could never go back over again. 

She had not bothered to retrieve her panties as Mr. Douglas had told her to leave them there as a present for the waiter who had given him the key to the room. Outwardly appalled by the thought of leaving a form of "tip" for the waiter, Sandra found that secretly she liked behaving like a slut, and exposing herself, especially to the company's most important client. 

She suddenly remembered his crude words about her breasts being tied and felt her nipples pucker at the thought of how tight he would have bound the rope. She would think about that later in bed. 

As she nibbled a petit four, Mr. Douglas asked, "Are you busy tomorrow? I know a lighthouse you might like to visit." 

To be continued?