 We have come back into the house from our stroll on the beach and continue to talk. Our conversation becomes rather seductive... On the couch, I lie across your lap with my head on the armrest. I start to suggest "what if..." situations and you play right along. 

"What if I told you that I'd love nothing more than to make love to you?" 

Of course, you get quiet and just before I begin to feel I have crossed that imaginary line of our friendship, you lean over and kiss me. The next thing I know, your tongue is in my mouth and I am kissing you back. My hands caress you upper body and, from the way I am laying on you, it is becoming evident that you are aroused. I take your shirt off; your skin feels so good under my fingers and I, too, am turned on by all this. At the same time, though, I am flooded with emotions and start to worry if this is the right way to go for us. We stop kissing and you ask what is wrong. 

"I am worried about where this is going - I don't want this to ruin our friendship" you pull me close and tell me that you wouldn't want it any other way... that I know most everything about you and you are ready to take the next step in our friendship. It's time... 

By now I have changed positions to straddle you. Your erection pressing against me makes me want you even more. I know how you feel about performing oral sex, but I have come to enjoy it. I slide off your lap taking your shorts with me, leaving you exposed. You are beautiful to look at... I start by touching you; the feel of my hands makes you jump a bit. Just wait. I slip my hand up and down then add my mouth. Just then my tongue begins tasting you from the head to your balls; I take as much of them in my mouth as I can and slowly let them slip out. Moving back up I place my mouth over the head of your penis. You taste so good, better than I'd ever imagined. I take you into my mouth and slide up and down; I can taste the pre ejaculate and stop before you cum.

It's your turn now, to "explore." 

When I come up, you are there to greet my mouth. Knowing that you are aroused has made me so hot (not to mention wet). This makes kissing you much more intense now. Although the screen door and windows are open, it's extremely hot. Your shirt is off and next goes mine. Both on the floor... you start to caress my body but are hesitant about removing my bra, so I do it for you. I am dying to feel your hands on my breasts. Once it's off, you slowly move one hand at a time to each breast. You touch them so softly, gently. Enjoying every part, rubbing each nipple until they are both hard. 

"Put you mouth on me..." I ask. 

You take one into your mouth and caress it with your tongue, nibbling here and there and then move to the other one. When I let out a slow groan, you nibble harder. I want you to keep touching, exploring, my body. You move your hands from my breasts and slide them down my stomach, to between my legs. The shorts have to go; soon as they do, you can feel my arousal by how wet I am. Your hand slips into my panties and touches me gently. 

We switch positions now, lying on the floor. Your hand is feeling its way between my legs, you are so gentle, and it only increases my arousal. I can feel myself so close to orgasm, just a little guiding of your hand and I scream out. Number one... I am good for multiples... 

"Do it again" I call out. 

This time I slip my finger inside and tell you to follow. Slide in and out; use two if you want. You listen and another orgasm follows. I need you now... and I can feel your erection pressing into my leg. You are ready to make love to me, but you are a little nervous, too. 

"Relax," I tell you, "just go slow." 

You are on top and I am ready for you. You move closer and closer, until the tip of your penis is resting against my body. I feel like I a dreaming. I look up at you and nod; you smile back and begin to penetrate me. You slowly slide in and I call out in pleasure. I have waited so long for this, wanted you for years. It doesn't take long for me to orgasm once you are inside me. By the look on your face, I can tell you are enjoying it, too. You smile down at me and lean over to kiss me. When you do, we switch positions. I'm on top now and enjoying every inch of you inside me. Our movements slow to lengthen our jaunt and then quicken. 

"Oh, God," you call out and that is enough for me. 

We reach orgasm at the same time and collapse together in each other's arms. You are pleasantly surprised at the amount of pleasure this experience has caused you. I smile and say, "I told you so." 

We decide that a shower would be good and head to upstairs together. That experience, however, is another story for another time.