 Opening the door to the office she went in, shutting it quietly behind her. His back was to her, and he mumbled something under his breath about holding on for a minute.

He had heard the bell on the front door sound, but was in the middle of something. 

“Hey baby…” she spoke slowly and smoothly.

He whipped around surprised… she’d come to his work a couple times before, and not without calling or letting him know first. Usually it was only to bring him lunch or to just say “Hi”.

“Is everything alright?” he asked, concern flashing across his face as he worried that she may be showing up because something bad had happened. His concern vanished quickly as he saw that she was smiling coyly at him.

Walking over she put her hands on the arms of his chair and leaned down, kissing him. 

“Everything’s great… at least it is now.” 

She pulled at the strap that was holding her coat closed, letting it fall open to reveal the only thing she had come in wearing was her boots and the coat. 

The boots were heels and they came up to right below her knees, so with her long coat on, it had never occurred to him that she wouldn’t be wearing anything else.

“Mmm… I see now.” He smiled, his hands finding a resting place on her hips. He glanced out the window of his office quickly, looking to see if anyone was around.

Pushing her back a little, he stood and moved to close the blinds, and then went to the door, locking it. When he turned he saw that she’d taken a seat in his chair, legs crossed, looking at him seductively.

He moved back to her, undoing his belt and pulling it off as he did. She watched his hands, and the belt which had been used across her ass several times before as he set it down on his desk. 

As he approached her she covered his hands with her own, taking over in unfastening his pants and lowering them. He was already getting hard and she loved it. She truly enjoyed the fact that he would get hard without her even needing to touch him. 

Holding onto his cock she kissed the tip, licking around his head, before taking it briefly into her mouth and gently sucking. She then licked and kissed, up and down the sides and base of his cock. 

He moaned in pleasure, making her smile as she continued, sliding her mouth completely down his shaft. She loved the taste of his skin, everywhere, especially his cock. She sucked him for several more minutes then stopped, unbuttoning his shirt and then standing. She kissed him passionately, her arms going up around his neck, pressing her breasts and body against his bare chest. 

Bringing her arms down for a second, he lowered the coat down and off, letting it fall to the floor. Then circling his arms around her waist pulled her closer, his cock pressing against her belly.

“You know you’re bad for just showing up without telling me don’t you?” he asked breaking their kiss.

“MmmHmm… I wanted to surprise you.” She murmured.
He smiled, “I’m definitely surprised.”

“You’re not upset?” she asked, kissing him again gently.

“Mmm… no, I think I’m just looking for a good excuse to use my belt across your ass.”

A shiver of pleasure tickled up her spine and she couldn’t help but give a small smile. 

“O-oh…” she stuttered a little.

“You want to be fucked though, don’t you baby?” he asked.

“Mmm… yes, I do.” She answered, looking into his eyes with the apparent want written across her face.

Holding onto her hips, he lifted her a little; setting her ass on the edge of the desk he rubbed his head up and down her lips, circling her clit.

She moaned, trying to press her hips forward without coming off the edge of the desk. 

“You’re such a tease…” she hissed between clenched teeth.

He bit the side of her neck gently, “And you love it.”

“Yee-s” she gasped as he smoothly slid his cock deep into her pussy. 

She moaned wrapping her legs around his hips, pulling him closer and deeper. 

He stayed deep inside her, not moving, one of his hands around her lower back to hold her against him tightly while also supporting her. He returned to her lips, kissing her deeply, while stroking her side softly with his other hand. 

She loved the way he filled her, and loved holding him deep unmoving like this, but right now, she really wanted to be fucked! There was always the possibility of someone else coming in to the shop and interrupting them, and she really didn’t want to be interrupted. 

Wrapping her legs a little tighter she shifted her hips against his, squirming a little.

He smiled against her mouth. 

“You’re a wanton little bitch today, aren’t you?” He said. 

Holding onto her hips with both hands he pulled back so that his head was just barely in her and thrust into her hard.

She moaned loudly and gave a cry. 

“Yes!” It was a response to his question, and a response to getting the start of what she wanted.

Sliding his cock in and out of her pussy he whispered in her ear, “Do you want to be fucked hard baby?”

She groaned, moving her hips as much as possible against him. “Yes, yes, please.”

He pulled away, setting her gently back onto the floor. 

“Turn around…” 

She quickly did as he said, leaning her body forward over the desk. The extra height of her boots putting her ass in a perfect position.

Holding onto her hips he rammed his cock into her pussy again, bringing his cock out of her completely before slamming back into her pussy.

She moaned, and cried out, her body shuddering as an orgasm tore through her. 

He grabbed a handful of her long hair; he pulled her head back, causing her to arch, and ass to come up more. He covered her mouth with his other hand to silence her cries and he continually pounded his cock into her pussy.

She bit down on his hand as she continued to cum, screaming against him. 

Her nipples were hard, and she could feel them straining with tension. Reaching up and grasping her own breasts she squeezed her nipples, pulling against her piercings. Moaning and squirming wildly she thrust her hips back towards his.

He loved it when she played with her breasts and began to near his own orgasm as he felt her pussy muscles tightening and spasming around his cock as she orgasmed again.

“Want me to cum inside you baby…” he whispered between breaths in her ear.

“Mmm… Uhhn… please.” She answered breathlessly.

He moaned, his own body beginning to shake as he felt his cock growing even more, ready to cum. Grabbing her hips with both hands again he thrust into her hard, over and over, bringing more screams from her that mixed with his own.

“Oh, Ahh…FUCK!” he yelled as he shot his cum deep inside of her. He dug his fingers into her hips, clenching his teeth as waves of pleasure coursed over him. Shuddering he gave one last one groan as his orgasm subsided.

He leaned forward and after a minute wrapped his arms around her waist gently kissing the back of her neck. 

“Mmm… that was amazing.” He said quietly.

“I’m glad you liked my surprise.” She responded, with a smile in her voice. 

After a moment she straightened and turned around to kiss him.

A few minutes later she helped him re-button his shirt, and let him get the rest of the way dressed again. It wasn’t but a second later that they both heard the bell on the entrance to the shop ring. She smiled; picking her coat up off the floor and putting it back on. She kissed him quickly again as she tied the belt. 

“Time to go back to work baby, I’ll see you when you get home.” She said, winking at him. Then unlocking the door to the office, she walked out of the back; flashing his customer a genuine smile as she did.