 Content Advisory: This is a love story coupling, no words are exchanged, literally no dialogue at all, very little foul language, if you are someone who wants a quick fix this is short but not a "wham bam thank you ma'am"

That being said you have been warned, otherwise please enjoy my first submission!



We stand in the vibrant light of the candles that are strewn across the entire room. We have both been waiting for this, it is not often we make love but when we do it is beyond anything we can ever imagine each and every time. This is not due to either simple carnal needs or pure love, but a dangerous and titillating mixture of both emotions.

We do not waste our time with "getting ready" for this, in so much as dressing up, I find you beautiful wearing your simple black shorts and white shirt, your light brown hair up in a pony tail, no make-up, no earrings, no heels or stockings. I am simply dressed as well wearing jeans and a black shirt.

Neither of us are the epitome of sex, I do not have a obscenely muscular frame and a mammoth penis, you are not a supermodel/pornstar with outrageous curves, we are just normal people, average in every way except for the way that we desire each other.

You see me and I you, coming from different rooms, I take your hand and walk you over to the bed. As I gently push you back onto its surface I see your eyes flickering in the light, shimmering like diamonds, your eyes always were an odd but striking piercing blue, they make me shudder as I see the light in them. I lean forward planting a light kiss on your lips as I slowly push you back and begin kissing down your clothed body.

I hook my fingers in your shorts and panties and slowly work them off of your legs, leaving trails of kisses on both legs as I go. Your legs shine in the light, perfect porcelain. Your legs in the air resting on my chest and your shorts and panties gone I spread your legs and begin kissing down your left leg. As I kiss I also begin to lick your skin tasting you, intoxicated by your flesh. I begin to move slower as I approach your treasure, not yet my dear I think to myself. I look into your eyes as I slowly work my way around your treasure and back up to the foot of your right leg. I see the need in your eyes and I almost feel sadness, I want to give you what you want because pleasing you is all that matters to me in this world, but I know just as well as you do it will be worth the wait. I repeat the same process with your right leg and as I near your flower I begin breathing in heavily of your scent and also breathing outwardly upon it. I can tell you are squirming from the warm breath, I love the way you move ever so slightly.

As I approach your petals I stop, I begin working my way up your body kissing you as I slowly move your shirt up your chest. I kiss around your breasts making sure to breathe on your nipples but not touch them. As I work the shirt over your head and rest it back on the bed I lean forward and kiss down your neck and nibble on your ear as I breathe into it lightly. While doing this I lightly rub my hands on your breasts avoiding your nipples still, making you wait a bit longer. You have fought the urge to touch yourself or me but you cannot it seems any longer. I hold your hands gently but firmly from touching yourself, you know better than to fight me, this I for you after all.

I work my way back down your neck and chest reaching your nipples I begin to lightly flick and rub one as I lightly lick the other, switching to and fro multiple times allowing both nipples to get equally stimulated and wet so that the cool air will stimulate them further. Your body is flushing and you and squirming more now, this is good. It is time.

I stand giving you a look that you interpret well, stay put no touching. I remove my shirt and pants. My penis is ready for you; it has been the whole time. The sight of you always arouses me, let alone the touch, smell, and taste of you. I get down on my knees and bring you forward so that you are on the edge of the bed, it is time to feast. I have waited for this as long as you have, if only I could express in words to you how much I love your taste, but more than that how much I love you.

I wrap my arms under your legs and lean forward, breathing in your scent once again, I become light headed from the aroma, your body is too much for me, but I must have more. I lean in and finally touch my tongue to your flowers petals. Honey from the comb could not taste as divine as this, the gods would damn themselves for a taste of your ambrosia, and you're all mine. I begin slowly licking up and down the length of your lips catching as much as I can in my mouth to drink down greedily. I see your pearl emerging from its hood as you become even more aroused, yes it is time. I generously lather my penis with my own saliva and crawl over you as I position myself just outside your entrance.

As our eyes meet I am poised over you waiting for you, waiting for you to give me the look I know we both need. You smile at me and that is all i need I slowly slide centimeter after centimeter into you letting you adjust as I fill you up. Your warmth is inviting, like velvet, yet warmed by a fire, and more slick than I anticipated. It takes all the control I have to keep from plunging into you, knowing that would ruin this for both of us. You are my goddess, my fire, my love, I will give you anything and it is all I can do now from not taking you the way that nature wants me to. I finally reach the bottom, my balls resting against your ass; I lean against you hard and begin to grind my hips rubbing your clit with my body as I nibble your ear again. Meanwhile my hands are hard at work on your nipples, leaving my body weight resting on you completely. I used to worry about this but you say you enjoy being covered by me completely, who am I to deny you?

I feel our skin sliding together as we both break out in a light sweat, I lean up and begin to slowly thrust in and out lightly, not too hard but enough for you to know that I hold your release from you, it will come soon, but only when I am ready to give you the bliss you deserve. After sliding in and out of you for what seems like days, I slowly pull out of you, both of us whimpering at the loss of each other.

I get back down on my knees at your feet and you know it is time for you, time for the release you need and I must have. I place my mouth back over your honey pot and begin to slide my tongue inside of your love tunnel. I am determined to replace very drop of your essence with my saliva, and I will be sated. As I look up into your eyes I know you know it is time I reach up and begin teasing your pearl as I begin licking your channel with a new vigor and zeal. Finally I am rewarded with my feast.

As you pour into my mouth I cannot help but become light headed again, you taste unlike anything this world has ever known, to me anyway. I swallow your love juices gulping down your bounty like a man dying of thirst. As your flow ebbs I feel empty knowing I cannot have this again at this very moment.

But now it is my turn, or so you always say. I see that animal look in your eye and I know what you want. I stand and you turn over on your hands and knees and look back over your shoulder at me, your ponytail bobbing back and forth, there is a reason that it is there and I figured that quickly. I get behind you and push in to you to the hilt. You arch your back and tilt your head to me; I wrap my hand in your ponytail as a handle and begin to thrust into you gently pushing hard as the last inch of me nears bottoming out inside you. I pull lightly but firmly letting you know that you are mine, my possession, not even death can take you from me lest he wants a fight with me. I see you look at me again and see the same look on your face as before, again so soon my love? I begin thrusting harder and faster until we are both making sounds that would make wild animals wonder if there were humans nearby. Then it happens, you contract and I tingle we both look right into each others eyes and stop on my outstroke. We both brace ourselves for the coming flood of emotion, strain, pleasure, pain, and love as I slam into you with all my might and release into you what seems like my very life essence as you coat me in your honey.

We fall motionless to the bed, we both want to go again but we both know we are exhausted. I roll us over on our backs and I kiss your nose as you snuggle into my chest and purr, I will lie awake like I do every night watching you sleep, for a while at least until it takes me too.

The End

First submission, I did my best here, been lonely lately, would like some feedback. Preferably positive but any will do haha.