 JULIE'S TAKE.

Tom has told the story of our parties, and the start of their escalation. I'll take it up from here in, for the moment. The nightwear party we had at Kathy's spacious house was voted by everybody I spoke to a roaring success.

I wasn't sorry that, even though Tom had had himself 'done,' I had taken the precaution of going back on the pill. It was, therefore, a surprise to all of us in our 'circle' when Linda announced that she was pregnant. 

The summer holidays intervened, and it was some time before the 'party season' came around again, by mutual consent. The chat in the charity shop, run by Kathy, was all in favour of a repeat performance of the nightwear party, and Linda looked glum as she exhibited her now considerable belly, and wished us luck.

At home that evening, I told Tom that Linda and her husband wouldn't be there.

'You'll miss Gary, then,' was all he said, but I knew he had had the fuck of a lifetime with Linda.

'We should try to get some new blood involved,' I said.

'Already on that,' he said, 'I've asked around at work. We've got a lot of youngish people in the new office, and there's a good deal of interest. I'll keep on it.' 

Tom's engineering job had recently been relocated closer to home, in a new industrial estate, saving him his commuting journey of over an hour, so the clerical staff were drawn from the local area.

When the day of the party arrived, I remembered the previous one, and decided I should make a special effort. The girls were a pretty cool lot, on the whole, and competitive, to say the least, so I spent a long time in preparation. My hair was a strong feature of mine, and I knew it looked good when I brushed its straight, golden, length to a silken sheen, but I remembered from the previous party that my pubic bush had shown as a smudge through my translucent nightie. Tonight I was planning on wearing a still more transparent one, a long black nylon number, and decided that there was nothing for it but to shave.

I accordingly went to the bathroom, and took my time, sitting on the edge of the bath, firstly snipping off all the longer hairs of my dense bush with nail scissors, then taking a can of Tom's foam and lathering myself thoroughly. Using a new razor and a hand mirror, I carefully took off every vestige of hair, cleaning off my mound first, then easing my pussy-lips aside as I worked my gentle way around my crack, being ultra fastidious, and concentrating on the little hairs that grew between my cunt and my anus, right into the very ring of my arsehole. When I was satisfied, I ran my hand through my slit, and found I was getting aroused, just by the unfamiliar smoothness under my touch. When I smoothed in some lotion, the feeling was intensely erotic, and, looking at myself in the mirror, I though, not for the first time, that I should return to the shop where I had my navel pierced, and have my clit done. At the sudden thought, I found the nub between my thumb and forefinger, and gave a little squeal of joy.

'This won't do, if I'm ever going to get ready,' I thought to myself, and desisted.

Going back to the bedroom, I completed my jewellery and make-up. I slipped a silver chain around my waist, leaving the loose end dangling around my pubes. I took the normal pearl decoration I wear out of my navel, and put in a silver ring, from which hung three fine chains with little stars on the ends.

I had had a set of porcelain nails fitted, and the left index finger I had had drilled. I now put in it a tiny ring, from which I hung a fine chain, again with a little star at the end. It would get in the way, be a nuisance, but then you have to suffer to be beautiful, somebody said.

I put in matching long silver drop ear-rings, which grazed my shoulders, an anklet and bracelets, then took my time over my make-up, rouging my nipples, which would be entirely visible under my gown.

Tom came home a bit later than usual from work, in a hurry to get ready. When he saw me, he did a double-take.

'You're never planning to be seen like that?'

I looked at myself in the mirror. The gown was certainly revealing. 

'It's not half as sexy as that slut Linda looked last time. You're only peeved because she's not coming!'

'But that's where you're wrong,' he said, Linda is coming! A different Linda, true enough, Linda the receptionist, from the office – wait until you see her!' 

He hurried through to the bedroom, and, typical man that he was, took about five minutes to get ready, emerging in a new pair of short silk pyjamas.

I stepped into a pair of strappy stilettos, and told him to call a taxi, then we both slipped top-coats over our extravagant party-gear, and waited for the cab.

We arrived as just about everybody else was turning up, cars already lining Kathy's elegant driveway. I immediately knew about half the people there. The buxom Kathy, I had to admit, didn't look half bad in a classy long silk nightgown – perhaps she had lost weight, but Brenda's huge tits looked ready to fall out of the unbecoming pyjamas she had chosen. My near neighbour Adrienne looked eye-catching, and I saw Tom giving her the once-over, in a white baby-doll top with tiny panties tied at the sides by huge white ribbon-bows. She had short jet-black hair and sparkling eyes, and can't have weighed more than 110 pounds wet through. But I was more interested in her husband, Ian, who had piercing blue eyes, and wore only a pair of boxer-shorts. He was making apologies to Kathy, who was flirting outrageously with him.

'I just don't have any pyjamas, you see,' he was saying, 'Adrienne won't let me wear them.'

'Neither would I, with a body like that,' said Kathy, and he certainly had a lovely upper body, with muscle-definition which spoke of hours in the gymnasium.

Just then, a willowy blonde I didn't know appeared, and Tom turned to greet her.

'Hello, Linda,' he said, 'I want you to meet my wife, Julie.'

Linda, who seemed to be alone, had me on the back foot right away. She carried with her an aura, that wasn't only due to the Guerlain scent she was wearing – there was something about her that made me weak at the knees, something that had only once happened to me with a woman before – and that was years ago, when I was at boarding college. She had a long, not very ecological, fur coat wrapped carelessly about her, and apart from seeing that her feet were in strappy stilettos much like those I was wearing, and that she had white-blonde hair which disappeared under her coat, and somewhat aristocratic features, I couldn't say what it was that it was about her.

I felt, however, impelled to help her get rid of her coat, and told her to follow me to the downstairs room Kathy always designated as a cloakroom. As we went, I saw that Tom was busy greeting two more couples, presumably people he knew from work.

When I opened the door to the cloakroom, and threw down the switch, I turned to Linda.

'Why don't you give me your coat?' I suggested, and she shrugged it off, her grey eyes

taking in my gown, and what was beneath it, as she did so.

I gasped involuntarily when I saw her revealed to me.

'You're lovely,' I said, 'really!'

And I meant it. She wore a midnight blue nightgown, shot with a silvery sheen. It had a fitted bodice, cupping her ample breasts, but the material was thin enough for the outline of her nipples to be seen, perfectly centred. Her spectacular cleavage was displayed beautifully, almost half of each creamy breast being on view. The gown was gathered below her breasts and fell to the floor in soft cascades. When she turned as she slipped off her coat, I saw that the gown was backless, right down to the start of her buttock-cleavage, and her hair ended right there.

'You're not bad, yourself,' she said, and as she spoke, a silver tongue-stud darted out between her teeth, with a self-conscious click to accompany the action. She reached out and patted my arm, and her touch was electric on my skin. I felt out of control, lost.

'We'd better join the party,' I said.

'I suppose so,' said Linda, and I noticed she had the faintest lisp. I thought it was charming.

'I work with your husband, you know,' she was saying, 'he's very nice.'

'Are you married, or.....or anything?' I found myself asking.

'No, dear,' she said, 'why do you ask?' There was a twinkle in her eye.

'Oh, I don't know.......I....'

'Let's dance,' she said, and we jived our way through several beat numbers before Kathy put a slow one on. I thought Linda would want to sit down then, but she put her arms around me, and held me close, as Kathy did as she always did, and dimmed the lights.

Just about everybody was now up on the floor, but my world, at that moment, contained Linda and myself. Good God, what was happening to me, ME, Julie, Tom's wife? Was I a closet lez? Less of the closet, I thought, this felt like it was the real thing! Linda's scent enveloped me as I nestled my cheek against her soft, soft hair, and she was nibbling my ear-lobe, probing my ear with her studded tongue. I turned her head around awkwardly, my hand in her hair, and kissed her lips, just a sample peck, a peck which opened the door to a real kiss, as her arm snaked around my neck, and she glued her luscious mouth onto mine, delving into me with that erotic silver stud, irresistibly tracing my own eager tongue, the roof of my mouth. 

Meanwhile, our bodies were pressed together, and she had a hand on my arse, coursing down the crease, sending shivers right through me, and causing a warm wetness to well up in my very centre. Knowingly, she pressed a finger lightly through my flimsy nightdress into the very entrance of my unprotected arsehole, and I flinched slightly.

'Sorry, darling,' she breathed, 'did I hurt you?'

'Not at all,' I heard myself whisper, hoarsely.

I had my arm around her tiny waist, feeling her sensual movement to the slow beat, pressing her body to mine, and when her thigh pushed its way between mine, I gave a little gasp of pleasure, moving my hand down to stroke her rounded buttocks through the silken folds of her gown.

'Is there somewhere we could sneak off to?' she whispered in my ear.

Looking around briefly, I spotted Tom, his tongue down the throat of a girl with short red hair I'd never seen before. He certainly wouldn't notice if I went missing! The lights were still dim to the point of near-darkness anyway, as another slow number started, so I took Linda by the hand, and led her past the makeshift cloakroom, up a short flight of stairs, into what I knew to be the guest bedroom. As the night was still young, I thought it had a good chance of being unoccupied. I was right. I quickly pulled Linda in and shut and locked the door. I didn't turn on the light. We looked at each other, in the flickering light from the traffic outside as she sat down on the bed beside me, passion for the moment overtaken by embarrassment. Then, without a word, she took my head in her hands, and kissed me gently on the lips, once, then again, this time just pushing her studded tongue briefly into my receptive mouth, and running a hand across my breasts as she did so. My nipples stood to attention, and I reciprocated, cupping her much heavier tits in both hands. Then I eased my fingers into the plunging neckline of her gown, and released her magnificent breasts from their prison, dropping down to suck her nipples like a baby. She squirmed and moaned with delight.

'Oh, Julie!' she cried, 'please! Yes, yes! I'm cumming!'

I was wet through myself, and couldn't wait to have Linda eat my pussy. I dragged myself up onto the bed, and pulled my nightie up around my waist, wantonly throwing my legs apart, as Linda climbed between them.

'God, Julie, you're beautiful!' she said, teasing me, alternately stroking my inner thighs, and playing with the end of my waist-chain, which dangled invitingly close to my clit-hood. I looked at her, whilst I played around with my labia, letting the finger with the chain hanging from the nail trail around my pussy.

That was too much for Linda, and she plunged her tongue deep into my cunt, the first time in my life that any woman had done that. The orgasm that had been waiting in the wings since she first touched my nipples came over me like an express train, and my juices flowed copiously as she tongue-fucked me.

But Linda was far from done. Now she knelt over me, and hitched up the silk of her gown, then whipped it off over her head, revealing her long, naked body in all its glory.

'You're magnificent, Linda,' I told her, and meant it.

She lithely moved around into a '69' position, and I saw that, not only was she, like myself, clean-shaven, but that she had a gold ring inserted in her clitoris. I loved it, and told her so.

'I'll take you to have one done, if you like,' she said, but my reply was lost as I had my face buried in her sweet, sweet pussy. She came easily. I had only to tug at her clit-ring a few times, and tongue her, to bring her to a shuddering climax. But she had saved the best until last, and quite suddenly, without warning, did the unexpected, and rammed a finger straight up my arsehole. At first the pain was terrible, but it was immediately

replaced by a surge of indescribable ecstasy. I came thunderously.

'Do it to me too!' she yelled, and I obliged, thrusting a finger deep into her rectum.

'Oh,' she groaned, 'oh yes!' And her breathing went off the scale as she came again in a massive wave of sheer pleasure.

We repaired our scanty clothing and make –up, and kidding ourselves we hadn't been missed, went back to the party, after agreeing to meet for shopping the following Saturday. I danced with all and sundry. When it was time to go home, I rescued Tom from the clutches of the predatory redhead, who I learned was called Pauline, and we went home.

'Good night?' he asked, on the way home.

'Mmmm,' I replied.

'Got on well with Linda, I see.'

I wondered just what he had seen.

'Yes, she's nice.'

'Rumour has it she's bi.'

'Oh?'

'Perhaps we could.....you know?'

'No?' I decided to play the innocent, and he dropped the subject.

When we got home, I had no sooner got in the door, than Tom turned to me, and said, 'Come on, Julie!'

He literally tore off my coat and pulled me into the lounge, then threw me bodily across the sofa.

My nightgown was around my waist already, and he had his cock, hard as a ramrod, in his hand, as he followed me onto the sofa. For once, he had no time for preliminaries, and I was still soaking wet from Linda's attentions. He drove straight into me, right up to the hilt, pumped me hard three or four times, then came in great hot spurts deep into my cunthole.

'You needed that,' I told him, 'that Pauline certainly got you warmed up!'

TOM'S TAKE

Julie has told you about the preparations for the second nightwear party at Kathy's house, and how I got a good group from work involved.

What she didn't know was what went on while she was making out with Linda at the party. Oh, I found out about that, alright, Linda is great, and a super bit of tail, but she also has a big mouth, and the following Monday lunchtime, a gin and tonic was all it needed. Not that I minded, you understand, Julie did what she wanted anyway.

Anyway, I'm jumping ahead. Before the party, I canvassed the personnel in the office – especially the girls – and got a bit of interest. Sexy Pauline said she and her husband would come, as did Linda, who was a bachelor-girl, and the boss's secretary, the rather cool Carol, who I really, really fancied, but didn't know anything about. 

The day of the party came around, and I had told the girls what they were expected to wear, drawing a few ooh's and aah's and silly comments.

You know from Julie's account what Linda was wearing, and she was certainly an eye-catcher, but then she would be in a bin-liner. 

When Pauline and her husband, Derek, arrived, I helped her off with her coat, and found her dressed in baggy harem pyjamas, long sleeves and legs fastened at their cuffs. But when she moved into the doorway of the big lounge and was framed by the light issuing from the room, I could see that the pyjamas were almost completely transparent, and she posed deliberately for me, as she stood there, running her hands down over her pointed breasts, tightening the thin cotton against her thrusting nipples, then down the sides of her hips, so that I could see the dark outline of her neatly-trimmed bush, pointing to her secret centre. She smiled at me, and put her tongue out lewdly as she felt the front of my silk pyjamas.

'My, Tom,' she said, 'I knew you'd be pleased to see us!'

Her husband Derek went off to get drinks, and was waylaid by the buxom Brenda, who introduced him, in turn, to her au-pair Ingrid.

'It'll be a while before those drinks arrive,' I said, nodding over to where Derek was ogling Ingrid's impressive tits, wobbling around in a transparent short nightie, 'let's dance.'

She agreed, and we made our way into the throng. She immediately threw her arms around my neck, and pushed her body up against mine, so that the firm points of her breasts were separated from my chest by the nothingness of her pyjamas, and the silk of mine. My erection sprang unbidden and embarrassing against her stomach.

'Ooh!' she exclaimed, 'somebody's not going to last out all evening!'

For an answer, I sought the cheeks of her lovely little arse with one hand, and tried to take my mind off her heady scent against my cheek by looking around me as we danced. My colleague from the office, Steve, had arrived, with his stunningly pretty wife Sue, and they were dancing together, she in a short shiny maroon nightdress. I had only seen her once before, at the firm's Christmas dinner, but could hardly forget that she had held my hand just that fraction longer than was laid down in the rule-book when we had said goodnight. Definitely interesting!

Next I spotted my wife, dancing close with the lovely Linda, looking for all the world as if they were enjoying each other – now there's a thing, I thought.

As we danced, and Pauline snuggled closer, I spotted the ice-maiden herself, Carol, the boss's secretary, dancing with a tall guy I had never seen before, but who had to be her husband. She acknowledged me with a half-smile as our eyes met, hers under incredibly sexy lids. She wore, like my wife had done for the first party, a classic long peach silk nightgown – I wondered if she shopped at the same place – which moulded her slim body to perfection, and did nothing to ameliorate my insistent tumescence.

Pauline had a way of wriggling around as we danced, rubbing her lithe little body against mine in a way that wouldn't be denied, and when I slipped a knee between her legs, and pushed my thigh against her meagrely-protected pussy, she gave a small gasp, pulled my head down to hers, and kissed me hard and long, opening her mouth wide so that our tongue entwined and fought their own battle.

'Come on, Tom,' she breathed, 'I need you to fuck me, NOW!'

I was not disposed to offer any objection, and remembered the gazebo from the last party, and my dalliance with Linda, but this time, no al-fresco jaunt was necessary. As I hustled Pauline out past Kathy's station by the record-player, she 'tipped me the wink.'

'My bedroom, if you like, darlings. You know where it is, Tom, where you fixed my computer-link,' she whispered, and we were off up the stairs in a flash.

I pushed her into Kathy's palatial bedroom, and, almost before I could lock thee door, she was on her knees, and had fished my cock out of the slit in my pyjamas. She cradled it lovingly in both hands, and said, 'Tom, this is wonderful, I can't wait to have it inside me.'

She rounded her lips and took the very tip into her mouth sucking pre-cum from me, stroking my length as she did so, whilst I reached down, and massaged her lovely breasts, which were like those of an adolescent.
