 UGH! Another Saturday at the office! Not exactly how I wanted to start off my weekend. However, it is December and almost the end of the year. I have year-end reports to get done and I've fallen behind. On Saturday, the office is empty and quiet and gives me the chance to get caught up. So, I throw on some comfortable clothes, get my shoes and stumble out the door for a 4 hour overtime shift.

To my utter surprise, Daniel is already sitting at his desk in his office. I am not used to seeing him at work on a Saturday morning, especially at 5am. Daniel is the man I've fantasized over for the past 15+ years. He has the face that I could never tire of looking at. He has a soft beard, a sexy smile, and a head of hair I'd love to run my fingers through. There are so many things I've done to him over the years, but only in my imagination. I think he's caught me staring at him a few times recently, but oddly enough he was smiling and actually held my gaze as I walked past him.

I guess it was about ½ hour later as I was getting my files ready, that he heard my filing cabinet draws open and close. Thinking he was alone, he decided to find out who was in the office making noise. He came by my desk to say good morning... Again, I stared into his eyes and replied with a smiling "good morning" of my own. DAMN, he looked so handsome at this early hour, so sexy with his smile, and my mind took off on thoughts not very honorable, and I had to wonder if he could read my mind. He shifted on his feet and retreated back into his office.

Now I wished I'd taken more time to get ready this morning. I wished I hadn't thrown on rags for clothes and I wished I'd applied some color to my cheeks. I'm a fool to think he'd want me as I want him, but who could blame him when I'm dressed as I am. I had not even bothered with a bra, thinking I'd be alone anyway and I'm much more comfortable without one. Oh boy, what he must think of me now.

It wasn't long until I heard a loud sigh coming from his office. I knew it was early for him, and he was tired. All I could think about was rubbing his shoulders, massaging his neck, and touching his chest. I wanted to feel his skin under my fingers and feel his muscles relax. Do I dare approach him? I could get myself into trouble if he is offended by my attention. But I've wanted to touch him for such a long time. And I've recently learned, if I don't take my chances now, I may never get another one...

So I get ready to go see him, I stand up and start walking toward his office, then my nervousness gets the best of me and I go back to my desk. I'm afraid he will turn me down... maybe if I can find an excuse, some work related reason to go see him, and see what happens. Looking around my desk, I can't find anything to approach him with. So, what am I supposed to do now?

Finally, I gather all my courage. This time, I'm going in to see him! I'm not going to chicken out like I have so many times before. The timing couldn't be more perfect! We are here, alone, and he's only ½ awake. Surely, if I don't go now, I might never go...

I walked down the hall, turned the corner and walked into his office with a couple of files. He looked at me and smiled (my god, he's so sexy). I walked up behind him and put my hands on his shoulders and started to rub my thumbs over the back of his neck. I heard a soft moan escape from his lips. Without a word between us, I got the encouragement to slip my hands under the collar of his shirt and rub his shoulders and his chest. He leaned back in his chair to accept my touch, and I leaned over to kiss his neck. When he reached over his shoulders to hold me, I knew I wasn't wrong. I knew I'd made the right choice, and I wondered why it took me so long in the first place.

Then he spoke, his first words since I'd walked in: "Your touch feels so good, and I'm enjoying every moment of this personal massage, but if you don't stop now, I might not let you leave at all!"

I replied, "What if I don't want to leave?"

He returned my reply with a soft sigh. He swiveled his chair around to face me, so I slid onto his lap, straddling him, grinding my hips just a little to let him know my intentions. I could tell at that moment, he was just as excited as I was. I leaned in for a kiss, which he returned just as hungrily as mine. My breathing has all but stopped. I could only think, this must be a dream. He lifted my shirt and found my bare breasts with erect nipples and I heard him take in a deep breath. Next thing I knew, he was sucking on them, first one, then the other. This is one of my weaknesses and a shiver ran up my spine. I guess that gave him encouragement, because he slid his hand down the front of my pants and found me hot and moist. I was so afraid I'd wake up any moment and my dream would be over before it really started. I didn't want to move!~

I'm not sure what happened next. My mind was so foggy that it's hard to remember the details. Maybe he pushed me off his lap, maybe I stood up on my own. But as I got to my feet, his hands were on my elastic waistband and my pants were down around my ankles. He pushed me back up against the edge of his desk and started to lick my clit. OH MY GOD, he's going to send me over the edge! I just know he is... And how do I explain the river that is bound to erupt?

Maybe I don't have too... Maybe I can hold it back. Then his tongue flicks over my clit again and I've lost my mind. My hands wrap around his head holding him in place, and my legs spread open even wider. I can't pull him close enough to me. No matter how close he is, I want him closer. His face is buried in my crotch and I'm ready to explode, wave after wave. OH GOD, I can't hold it back~ I'm going to squirt and I can't control it. I couldn't stop him if I wanted too, but I really don't want too. The orgasm comes from deep inside of me, and I squirt a river, not once or twice, but three times.

I utter a sigh of regret. I wasn't ready for him to stop but he pulled away. I must have totally disgusted him. I took him by surprise as his beard dripped of my juices. He looked at me and said, "Now you're gonna get it!" Honestly, it sounded more like a promise than a threat. 

He lifted me off his desk and turned me around. I was thrilled by this turn of events. He put his hand on my back, pushing me over so I was leaning across the top of his desk, my ass in the air. I'm not sure when he lost his shorts, but I felt the tip of his cock at the entrance to my pussy. His hands were on my hips and I knew he was ready to thrust. Instead, he was teasing me. I felt the head of his cock enter me slowly, but then he pulled back. Again, he entered me but only a little. I couldn't figure out what he was waiting for. He was driving me mad!

Finally, with a quick upward thrust, he slammed my pussy, but only once. As soon as he was buried inside me, he stopped. I could feel his entire cock fill my hole as he impaled me. Perhaps he needs a moment himself but in doing so, he's increasing my anticipation. I'm not even sure if he knows it, but he is a master at teasing, at making me wait and I'm ready to beg. I want to feel the quick multiple thrust and the pounding, it's been far too long and I want to seriously get fucked and fucked hard! I'm ONE second away from begging! 

His cock is buried deep inside of me, and his hand slides around the front to find my clit... It's still sensitive from the licking he just gave me. I want to grind my ass into his cock, and grind my clit into his fingers, but I'm frozen as I accept this amazing assault on my body. I'm ready to give in and break the silence, plead with him to pound me, and then he gives me the fucking I've been waiting for. Thrust after thrust, I bounce off his desk, my tits dancing in rhythm. OHHH~ this is better than anything I ever imagined! 

He is going to make me squirt again! I am so close~ I don't want him to stop... I hear a voice that sounds like mine, but I don't remember speaking... "Please don't stop! Fuck me harder, fuck me faster but please, whatever you do, DON'T STOP." AND here it comes, another wave of fluid... My pussy contracts as I squirt yet again and I hear him moan. I think it's his undoing, being buried deep inside of me as the walls of my pussy tightens, massaging his cock. He must thrust hard to keep his place and when I clench again, he burst his load. With a moan and a final thrust, his balls now resting against my clit, his hands on both my hips to hold himself in place, I feel him pulse as he empties his cock in the center of my core.

It takes a minute or two, each of us catching our breath but eventually, he pulls out. He all but falls back into his chair, sweat upon his brow. His breathing starts to slow down, as does mine. We both begin to regain composure. I sat on the floor at his feet. I didn't want this moment to end. So, as he collects his breath, I gently begin to rub his thigh, his knee, his calf, then the soles of his feet since he lost his shoes somewhere along the line. It felt so good to have this contact with him. I had to pinch myself to make sure I wasn't dreaming. Of course this wasn't a dream! My dreams never ended up this good. This was all far better than anything I could have imagined!