 This is a true story, as much as you may think I'm full of... whatever. Okay, so maybe I embellish a bit, and left out a few things, but hey, that's why I'm writing it... Enjoy!

It had been a week since I had last seen her. Two weeks and a few days since she broke up with me. Mary had been the girl I thought I would marry for more than a year and a half, so after two weeks up being apart, my heart was still aching. She called me and said that she would come over after school so we could talk. As I waited for the hour to approach, my stomach was filled with butterflies. I was hoping for a physical reunion that I thought was impossible.

Let me tell you a little about Mary. I met her during frosh week at my school, and we had been going out ever since. She was a virgin when I first met her, but with a little coaxing, she soon revealed herself to be a demon in the sack (as they say). She has shoulder length brown hair, and the deepest brown eyes I have ever seen. She is a 36C-28-34 with a nice ass. I fancied myself a tit man until I met her and learned to love a nice, sexy ass just as much. She never failed to catch my eye and raise my cock every time I saw her.

As I left my house and started to meet her along the canal, as slight rain started. This only added to my frustration, as I had long fantasized about having sex in the rain, as had Mary, but the timing had never been right. When I spotted her 5'10" frame walking along the path, my heart and my cock leapt to attention. Seeing her sexy walk was enough to turn me rock hard, as it had always done.

"Hi." I said. The blood had rushed from my brain to a more "important" area, and had reduced me to a complete idiot.

"Hi. It's nice to see you again." She said to me. "What do you want to do?"

"I thought we could go for a walk. Maybe to the beach?" I suggested. I knew it wouldn't be crowded, as it was just the beginning of April, and the rain would keep it private.

During the twenty minute walk, we talked. Mary told me she missed me, and I admitted the same. Although I knew it could never be the same, she still had a special place in my heart. I couldn't help but want to make her feel good.

As soon as we got to the beach, the rain started to get heavier. We took shelter under the over-hang of the public changing rooms. Fortunately they offered enough shelter to still sit outside, so we sat down. Eventually the conversation led around to how much we missed each other, and I was overwhelmed. As she sat next to me, I reached to her and kissed her softly. She returned my kiss with a vigor that I knew could mean only one thing. After a year and a half with her, I could read her body almost perfectly.

Our tongues danced in our mouths as we kissed, and I felt myself get even harder. She ran her hands up and down my back, and I held her head in my hands. She pulled me close, turning me on even more. That was when I went after her neck. I kissed and tongued it until she was as horny as I was. It was then that I suggested the previously unthinkable.

"You know, I always wanted to have sex in the rain." I said, hoping for a positive response.

"But what if someone sees us?" she asked. She was always the more level-headed one. I, on the other hand, am about as impulsive as you can get. Especially when it comes to sex.

I spotted a short hallway that was sheltered from the rain, and offered a modicum of privacy. We stood up, and I led her by the hand into the hall, and attacked her with kisses. As we kissed, I went for the prize and undid her pants. As they dropped, I teased her with, brushing her pussy with the back of my hand, then teasing around her inner thighs. At the same time, she was busy undoing my pants.

She got my belt undone, then stuck her hand down the front of my pants and grabbed my rod. "Fuck me, James. I need to feel you inside me." Always willing to do what I'm told, I followed her orders. To a point, anyway. I pulled her panties down, and got on my knees. I couldn't help but taste her, and I've always been a sucker for shaved pussy. I ran my tongue up the full length of her slit, then back down. Her hand came down to rub her clit, but I wanted to tease her some more. I grabbed her hand with mine and held it while I licked her, and with her other hand she grabbed the back of my head and pulled it to her groin. I took it as a sign that she was ready. After some well-placed licks to her clit, I stood up and dropped my boxers.

She lifted her leg up and put her heel behind my back. My cock slid home easily; she had always been easy to get wet, especially when I ate her. As I thrust into her hot wetness, she pulled my face to hers and kissed me. From that point on, I was a madman. I thrust without mercy, and soon had her moaning and squealing. I pumped until my knees couldn't take anymore, then I pulled out. Mary whimpered a little, until I put my hands on her shoulders and turned her around. She stuck her ass at me and braced her hands on the wall. As I fucked her from behind, she reached a hand down to play with herself and my cock. As her breathing became faster, I could tell she was about to cum. I could feel her pussy contracting around me, and it put me over the edge. As I exploded into her pussy, she cried out and came hard. Her legs shook and her back arched, and it was all I could do to stay inside her. After a few minutes, she came back to reality (no pun intended). She looked at me and said "I love the way you fuck me."

Since then, Mary and I have become friends "with privileges." If you want to read more, or if you liked what you read, please email me. There's plenty of other things we did that I would like to write about, but I need to know if you liked this story... Copyright 2002. This story may be reproduced, only in its entirety, without my permission. Anything else, and you gotta ask me.