 They meet, and embrace for an impassioned kiss and to tightly hold their bodies together.

He turns her around, they are standing in front of the mirror.

From behind you my arms encircle your middle and my lips nuzzle your ear. I kiss and suck your lobe, then move down along your beautiful, long, slender neck. Kissing and softly sucking the curves of your neck my hand wander up and cup your breasts. My hands softly squeeze as my fingers roll your hard nipples. I unbutton your blouse and remove it, admiring your cleavage and running my fingers over the soft flesh. My fingers slip into your bra as I continue to suckle your neck. I whisper to you "unzip your pants."

Through half open eyes you watch in the mirror as I play with your breasts and kiss your neck. You push your ass back against me, loving the feel of the rock hardness behind you. the top of your panties are visible in your opened pants, your breasts are covered by my hands.

"Hmmm, your nipples are so hard" I whisper, "I'll bet your pussy is soaked. Slide your hand into your panties baby, tell me how wet you are" You watch the mirror as your hand disappears into your panties.

"Rub your pussy sweetheart" I urge, "rub your wet, hot pussy and think of what it will soon experience; my hands, my tongue, my hard cock."

Your hand has disappeared in your panties, completely covering your crotch. Combined with my hands on your breasts and my lips on your neck, it feels so good. Your legs weaken a little, causing your ass to push out more firmly against me. One of my hands wanders down, into your loose waistband, and caresses your soft ass cheek.

"Rub your clit" I tell you "rub your clittie and watch as you cum for me."

Your finger slides up your slit to your swollen button, as my hand slides over and then under your cheeks, between your legs and finally my fingers slip into your sopping cunt. 

With my hand on your breast, my lips on your neck, my fingers within you, and your fingers on your clit, you rub, moan, squirm, finally cum for me.

Now, the first rush of orgasm over, you want my cock, my hard erection. And you shall have it...eventually.

* * * * *

He turns her around, she is weak from her orgasm.

You sit against the dresser and I nuzzle your breasts and suck your hard nipples.

Straightening up I give you a deep kiss.

"Go change for me, show off for me" I tell you.

You reluctantly leave me, even though you know you'll be right back.

When you come back into the living room I am sitting on the couch wearing just my underwear.

Your eyes immediately lock on the bulging between my legs.

But I want to admire you; you look so fine in your black delicates and your legs so shapely atop your sexy heels.

"Come here baby" I huskily tell you. You come and stand before me, I lean back on the couch and admire.

"Turn around, slowly, all the way around, show me what is mine." You spin slowly, your eyes demurely downcast as you feel a little self-conscious. Yet your pussy is once again running with your juices so you know you love to show off to me.

You continue to turn, swinging your hips.

"Stop!" I say, "Stop there, with your back to me"

"That's nice baby, remove your robe. Yes, lovely, your ass and your legs are so beautiful."

"Lean over babe, run your hands all the way down your legs."

I admire your bent over form, my hands run up your legs and my face is against your soft, shapely ass.

"Slide your panties off, bare yourself for me."

Your fingers hook the top of your panties and begin to pull them down.

"Slower!" 

"Slide your panties down slow, sway your hips!"

My words come out in short, almost gasps.

You're naked now, but for your stockings and heels, your back still towards me.

"Spread your feet apart babe, bend your legs a bit, lean over for me." You are now bent before me, my view of your pussy incredibly open. You can't believe you are standing there with your pussy completley bared and offered to me.

Yet it turns you on enormously.

"Slide your fingers up to your pussy Brenda, finger your cunt for me!"

OH man, man oh man, your pussy is glistening, the sight of your finger sliding in and out turning me on so bad.

I reach between your legs and move your hand aside.

I lightly grab your thighs and pull you backwards, I pull your crotch against my face and my tongue pokes into you from behind. mmmmm, you're in a frenzy, there you are, legs bent, your ass stuck out behind you and your pussy pushing against my mouth, feeling my tongue stiff and pushing inside you. You push back, yes, fuck my mouth, fuck my tongue, grind against my face.

Your hips are pumping up and down, my hands clench on your thighs and hold you tight against my mouth.

And your taste changes, your juice suddenly sweeter, and you cum upon my face, and your juice flows, I hold you tight against my mouth as I drink in your pleasure.

"Turn around baby"

You turn and face me.

"Your legs are weak babe, rest on your knees..."

You get on your knees, between my open legs, and rest for a moment, your cheek against my covered erection.

* * * * *

I decide my cock would like some attention ;-)

After catching your breath you lift your face from my lap. I cup your cheeks in my hands and we slowly kiss.

"hmmmm, that's nice babe" I whisper between kisses " rub my cock."

Your hand rests on my bulging underwear and you tenderly squeeze. Your fingers lightly run up and down my length, tickling and tantalizing.

I lean back in the couch and your eyes drop to my crotch.

"Take it out baby, pull my cock out for me."

Your hand reaches through the opening and wraps around my erection, your hand is soft and warm, a small sigh escapes me.

You pull my erection out and hold it straight up, contrasted against my white underwear it looks large and swollen. Your hand slowly moves up and down, jacking me off sensually.

You lick your lips and lean in toward me.

My hand gently meets your head; "no babe, your lips will touch my cock, but not yet, not yet. Rub my balls Brenda...hmmmm...yes...nice...stroke my cock."

Your eyes are hungry and I enjoy watching you. I know you want to suck me off so bad; my stiff cock in your hand and my hard balls cupped in the other, yet your mouth cannot yet engulf me.

"Put my cock against your cheek Brenda, rub your face on me, hmmm, so soft, run the head across your lips...keep your mouth closed ;-)"

All the while your hand is slowly stroking up and down my length. I reach out and grasp your hand just as it is below my swollen head.

"Keep your hand there babe, hold me straight up...kiss it baby...kiss me right on the end...yes...now squeeze under my balls...oh yes...mmmm...see how you squeeze drops of precum out?...slide my head between your lips baby...just the head...yes...lick my drops...hmmm..."

Oh, I'm in such bliss, but we have a ways to go yet.

I lift your head from my cock.

"Look at me Brenda"

"Yes, lock on my eyes...now place my cock head against your lips..."

"hmmm...now baby...I want you to show me something...I want you to show me how you like your clit to be licked and sucked...I want you to work my swollen head just as you would like your swollen clit to be licked and sucked...ohhhhhh..."

oh...jeez...the feel and sight as you lick the end of me and slide my head in and out of your lips...your suction on the tip...so sensitive...hmmmm... ...

"hmmm...Brenda...Brenda baby..."

You slightly lift your face and look at me, your voice is barely a whisper:

"Yes, Chris, yes baby?"

"hmmmBrenda, you have me so turned on, mmm..please baby...suck me...oh, please put my hard cock in your warm, soft mouth...please Brenda...suck me any way you want...I'm all yours.."

Suddenly your mouth slides over the head and down, down, my erection disappears into moist warmness and soft suction.

I damn near explode right there, but there's one more thing.

"Brenda, babe, I have to ask you something..I need to know something.."

Your mouth slide back up my length, but not off, you don't want to take me out of your mouth but you look up at me, wondering what I might want now.

"Tell me Brenda...please baby...Do you feel like a nice girl tonight? Or a not so nice girl"

Your lips remain wrapped around me but curl into a little smile, and a twinkle comes to your eye as a I eagerly await your answer...

* * * * *

So, where were we?

I believe I'm sitting on the couch, you're in front of me and you've just been a "not so nice" girl ;-)

Hmmm, I think you get very wet and horny while sucking me and enjoying my responses. I'm thinking you'd love to have your pussy licked at this point.

I move you over to the bed and sit you on the edge. I slide a chair up in front of you. A comfortable, stuffed chair. I sit in front of you and play with your tits, kiss your upper body and face. Placing my hands on your shoulders, I push you back on the bed. You're laying there with your legs hanging over the side.

"Put your hands behind your knees Brenda" I suggest.

"That's it, now pull your legs up."

"Yes, I like that, you have a beautiful pussy, now open your legs for me"

You're now laying before me, your wetness at face level as I sit and admire, your legs up and open...

To Be Continued...