 Carin was smiling as she walked back into her office from refilling her water bottle. She is a vet and pleasantly experiencing a slow day at the clinic after what seemed like a rash of animal emergencies and other time-consuming experiences that have kept her extra busy. 

At times like these, when it slows down around the clinic and she gets time to breathe, she cannot help but think of with whom she instant messaged throughout the day; his name is Eric. Up to this point, they had only shared phone calls and a few photos; they have never met in person and their physical relationship is indeed, strictly virtual. Even so, he had made her cum in her scrubs more than once on a slow day at work and she was definitely in the mood for some of that now.

The truth is, all the incredible conversation and even more fantastic sexual encounters had only been experienced online; kept in the confines (or lack thereof) of a virtual world created for adult-related social interaction and play. 

They both had avatars in this virtual world: Digital, pixelated, depictions of themselves used to interact with the avatars of other real people in the confines of the virtual world. This particular world was specifically created for adults to socialize with other adults, and while it has changed and matured over the years to allow social interaction of various kinds, the purpose of its creation was still alive and well. That purpose was to be an adult sex game, where you could meet and fuck other consenting adults from all over the real world.

Carin had been using it for years to explore her kinks and desires in a safe, anonymous environment. However, throughout that time, she'd never met anyone quite like Eric. At random one night, she had contacted him through private messaging in a busy public location in-world. 

Honestly, she contacted him for no other reason than to compliment him on his avatar and maybe get a quick virtual fuck. She planned to fuck him online while playing with her pussy in front of her computer within the privacy of her own home. It was the way she often ended her evenings and she loved that she could have great sex, cum intensely, and then slip off to bed alone to sleep peacefully. 

Her work life was very busy, and she found that being married to her profession, so to speak, didn't leave much time or energy for real life social interaction. She'd always been somewhat solitary, enjoying her alone time, and she found that this type of activity fit her lifestyle almost perfectly. Though, she did feel lonely at times and wished she had a special someone in real life. However, that would all happen in time she supposed.

However, this experience did not go as planned. After contacting him and getting his response, they shared a conversation and mind-blowing virtual sex over the next couple hours that went well beyond anything she had anticipated or thought possible. 

Unfortunately, it's more usual than not to meet nothing but jerks or assholes in this game. The men are usually bland, uninteresting, or just idiots in her mind. She was also very wary of predators online and immediately ended conversations when men who started asking to meet in real life. She always worried when they started asking where she lived after only five minutes of conversation.

Happily though, Eric set himself apart as different immediately. He was kind, courteous, easy to talk to, and most importantly in a virtual world --- literate. 

His messaging style was formal, with capitalization and punctuation in all the appropriate places. He even refrained from using any but the most common shortcut acronyms to get his point across. When she thinks back to their initial meeting, she cannot help but smile and think, "He certainly knows how to capture a girl's attention."

Needless to say, the attraction was immediate and soon their avatars were inseparable as they spent their evenings exploring the virtual world and, of course, engaging in hours upon hours of virtual sex. In a world where just about anything sexual was possible, at least through the use of role-play and emoting -- where you describe physical actions through the use of text -- they openly discussed kinks and desires and tried many of them. Of course, there were still many more on their to-do list. 

Regardless of the physical limitations around their relationship, she felt a strong, undeniable connection to Eric and her feelings for him went well beyond the virtual world. She could only hope he reciprocated those feelings. 

They had known each other for nearly a year and had shared many personal details that neither had shared with other people online. Eric was also married to his job and spent much of his time on the road throughout the United States. He was a project manager and was constantly engaged with one client of the other helping them bring large, complex initiatives to fruition. It had taken both of them a long time to share real life details, but were now much more comfortable with each other and had even become Facebook friends. Though, in reality, neither knew if they would ever really take the step to meet each other in real life.

Even with the shared photos and conversations, knowing the connection that existed, and sharing sexual details that neither had shared with anyone in real life, it was still a very big step to meet in-person. Each person was secretly afraid that the real version of themselves couldn't meet the same standards as the avatar.

She had no sooner sat at her desk, than the phone rang. She immediately got very excited, hoping it was him. She had previously shared her work number with him and they enjoyed the occasional 2 or 3-minute phone conversation while he was God-knows-where in the country. The result always left her smiling and happy.

However, this time her smile turned to a groan of disappointment as she realized it was the front desk informing her that a salesman was there to speak with her. She sighed mournfully as she placed the phone back onto the receiver and headed out of her office to meet the sales guy. 

"Well," she thought. "Maybe I'll get a cool new pen or something else out of the meeting."

She rounded the corner and her tennis shoes squeaked as she came to a sudden stop. Her eyes bugged out and her mouth was wide open as she saw standing there in person at the front desk, was none other than him, Eric. He was there to see her! 

Her first thought was to sneak back around the corner to check her appearance in the nearest mirror. She was very casual at work and never really dolled up for it. She didn't see the point because she didn't really feel the need to be sexy while castrating or neutering dogs and cats. Usually, her petite frame was clothed in dark colored scrubs and her long, black hair was up in a ponytail. Makeup wasn't a priority, so if it was lightly done or not at all, she didn't remember at the moment. Nevertheless, it no longer mattered; it was too late. At that moment, he looked up and their eyes met. 

He smiled. It was the same friendly, open smile he had in the photos they had shared that made her forget about everything else around her. Before she even realized she was moving, she found herself walking out to meet him.

Very professionally, he shakes her hand and introduces himself, "Good morning, my name is Eric and thank you so very much for meeting with me today on such short notice. I won't take much of your time, but promise that you will not regret it."

Confused at the introduction, and yet to have a single word slip from her own mouth, Carin turns and heads back to her office with him in tow.

The way he conducts himself has her beginning to wonder if this guy is her Eric at all, but someone else altogether different. She thinks, "But that couldn't be, right?"

She had seen the pictures and heard the voice with the sexy southern accent. "This has to be him, but why isn't he saying anything about us?" She thinks as they enter her office.

When there, she sits behind her desk and he seats himself at a chair in front of it. She marvels at him, as he casually makes conversation about her workplace, and potential ways his company could help them be more productive.

She tries to break in a couple of times to ask the question on her mind, but he stops her each time with an almost imperceptible shake of his head and a look that crept down into her soul. It said, "play the game."

When he was finished speaking, he asked, "Do you have time to go to lunch with me? We can continue our conversation while there." 

Usually reserved and cautious, she surprises herself when she practically jumps out of her chair, and squeals a high-pitched and excited, "YES!" 

For his part, he just smiles and stands to walk out the door.

As they walk down the hall and past the front desk he maintains the conversation they had been having in her office. To the casual observer and her fellow workers at the clinic, it appears like a typical visit with the bonus of a free lunch for the doc on a slow day. 

For her part, she can't wait to get him out of sight, so she can ask him what was going on. In her head, she remembers the shake of his head and knows she should continue to play along until he brings her into the loop. So, for now, she just follows. 

She can't help but be amazed at how submissive she was being to this man, this relative stranger in real life. Yet, she compliantly walks along as he continues discussing something she quit listening to a while ago.

They walk outside and he opens the door of his rental car for her as she slips into the passenger seat. He then walks around the car and slides into the drivers' seat. Now, without talking at all, he starts the car, backs out of the parking space, and pulls onto the main highway. 

She takes a breath to speak and he smiles and shakes his head again. This time reaching out with his right hand and gently resting it on her left knee, giving it a tender squeeze. She feels a warmth radiate throughout her body and suddenly realizes that she's been soaking wet since she saw him at the front desk. 

This causes her to squirm slightly in the seat, beginning to worry that she might soak the seat of his car right through her scrub bottoms. Additionally, his hand never leaves her knee, which just makes matters worse. She wonders if he remembers when she told him that she doesn't wear panties with her scrubs during one of their hot instant messaging sessions while she was at work.

He seems to take a meandering route along the roads, and she marvels at how well he seems to know the rural area as he casually takes turn after turn with confident movements. The entire event to this point has been completely surreal to the point that she is not really even paying attention to where they are going. That is, until she realizes they seem to be in the middle of nowhere. 

He pulls down a dirt path and parks the car under some trees. It's a somewhat secluded area in the middle of a farmers' field. Without another word, he opens his door and gets out. He walks around the hood to her side of the car, and opens her own door. Crouching down, he looks her in the eyes, smiles, and says, "Hello Carin, glad to see me?"

She smiles as he leans in and they begin a passionate kiss; in fact, their first ever real live kiss. They take their time investigating each others mouth with their lips and tongues; trying to do all the things they had voiced or typed. They kiss like they are playing catch-up for all the lost real life kissing time since they had been together online. Soon, the kisses become more urgent, and the couple begin to lose control and run their hands over each others bodies.

Passionate kissing moves to urgent kissing; urgent kissing moves to hungry kissing, and finally from hungry to animalistic. One moment, she's in the car seat and the next moment, she is outside the car and in his arms kissing him, biting his lips, and pulling his shirt from his pants. 

For his part, he has worked so hard up to this point to keep his cool. This woman that has captured his attention and affection is so amazing in so many ways. He'd planned this surprise meeting for a while and was scared to death that she would run or turn him away on the spot when he appeared at her work. 

Instead, it had gone beyond all expectations. He had somehow gained the advantage and been working so hard to keep up the charade of a calm demeanor. While, in fact, the entire time his nerves have been eating him alive. 

Apparently, he had done a fantastic job of keeping his cool. That is, until she bites his neck. The feeling of her teeth hungrily pressing against his flesh sends a flash of desire through his being that he can no longer control.

They know each others desires from countless times together in a virtual environment and they throw that control away as they try to get at one another. Gentle and loving is no longer in existence as he growls and pushes her up against the car. She responds by wrapping her arms around his neck and her legs around his waist as he supports her tiny frame effortlessly. Using her hair, he pulls her head back and exposes her neck. He hungrily seeks her soft skin and feels her pulse beating rapidly under his tongue as he kisses, licks and nips her neck.

Out in the middle of nowhere, they are both completely lost to the moment. He carries her while yanking the back passenger side door open and roughly pushes her inside onto her back. He manages somehow to ensure she doesn't bump her head on entry, even through the lustful haze, which blocks rational thought. 

He kneels down on the outside of the car and grabs the waistband of her scrubs and roughly tugs them. Even though they are tied, he does still manage to succeed in forcing them down past her hips, but with the side effect of dragging her down to where her legs are hanging outside the car.

He forcefully yanks the scrubs down her legs until they are around her ankles. Not taking the time to remove them or her shoes, he drops to his knees before her, and catches his first glimpse of her beautiful sweet pussy. He doesn't even hesitate; instead, he dives in immediately and covers her pussy with his mouth. 

He knows from their open conversations that her clit is the magic spot, and while he wants to attack it, he refrains. Instead, he ravishes her upper thighs with kisses and love bites as his face brushes her labia, getting messy with her juices in the process. 

Soon, he slurps each lip individually into his hungry mouth and runs his tongue inside her love canal while her vaginal lips puff up as a result of his sucking, slurping and light grazing with his teeth. 

Unable to resist any longer, he moves the assault to her sweet clit using his tongue and teeth to extreme advantage.

As she gasps in ecstasy, he clamps his left hand over her mouth and continues to hungrily devour her sweetness. The noises are primal. There are sounds of moans, grunts, and gasps along with wet and noisy slurping and sucking. 

Not fighting the hand clamped across her mouth, she grabs his hair and pulls him harder into her ready and willing cunt.

After a few minutes of pure ecstasy, she pulls him by his hair to draw him up for a kiss. As he rises to kiss her, the scrub bottoms effectively work as a restraint as they slip over his head and lock behind his neck. 

Neither of them cares as he bends her in half to reach her mouth and share her nectar as their tongues entwine. 

As he bends her in half, the front of his trousers make contact with her pussy and his hard cock is working hard to escape past the obstructing material. Quickly, he unbuckles his belt, unbuttons the waistband of his slacks, throws down the zipper and drops them about his ankles.

He presses the tip of his cock to her soaking wet lips and plans to enter her in one swift motion. As he pushes though, he is stopped short. She had explained to him in past conversations that she has a very tiny pussy and they had role played around that fact quite often. However, he had not realized how serious she had been when she told him. 

Even as wet as she is, he was going to have to work his fat tool into her tightness very slowly. Still, their lust is upon him and he can clearly see the need in her eyes as he begins to slowly push inside of her. At first, her eyes widen, but soon they glaze over as he presses in deeper. Stroking in and out of her pussy and moving deeper inside of her with each inward thrust.

How awkward they must appear, her lying across the backseat with her knees across his shoulders and her scrubs around her ankles behind his head. However, neither of them care, as he continues to push deeper and deeper into her wet sex; his hand still firmly clasped over her mouth to muffle her moans and screams. 

She locks her knees around his neck as he finally completes inserting his entire length into her tight cavity. Her eyes tear up as he smiles at her. He removes his hand from her mouth and she says, "Do it baby, fuck me pleaaaasssseeee." 

With that, he pulls back until only the crown of his tool is left inside of her. The entire time, he vividly feels her walls clasp onto his rigid cock like they are trying to prevent him from pulling away. He feels every bit of her cavity and he knows she must feel every ridge and protruding vein of his cock.

Once only the crown is left inside of her, he pauses, looking her in the eyes. Seeing in her face what he expected, he thrusts mightily and slams his cock home. As she gasps from the pleasure and pain, he puts the edge of his hand into her mouth and she bites it as he begins to pummel her tight pussy in earnest.

She is still very tight, but the juices liberally leaking from her enables him to stroke her quickly and forcefully as she adjusts to his size.

Ragged breathing escapes from them both, as she bites deeper into the meat of his hand while he now fucks her relentlessly. Their sex is fast and urgent. After only minutes, he sees something building in her eyes and pushes his hand harder into her mouth. He knows they're in the middle of nowhere, but the last thing he wants is a nearby farmer or hunter to be draw to the scene and interrupt them.

He feels her body begin to shudder and hears her moans get louder as she quickly builds to an orgasm. When it happens, it is beyond anything he has ever seen or she has experienced. In short, she explodes around him. Her body is wracked with spasms and every muscle seems to convulse as she jerks under his constant pounding. 

She opens wide and screams, but then clamps down on his hand again. Out of control, she has no idea that she bites into him, breaking skin, and drawing a small amount of blood out of him.

However, to him, he does not even notice the bite as he exclaims, "Oh fuck!" 

He has just discovered that when she orgasms that her already very tight pussy goes through a series of spasms that literally clamp down on his cock and tries to milk it of all precious seed.

Having no way to fight it, even if he wanted to, his balls boil, convulse, contract and finally release everything his has in them. In sync with her own pussy spasms, his cock repeatedly convulses as he shoots spurt after spurt of cum into her waiting cunt. Large ropes of his sticky fluid fill her pussy to capacity as they both cling to each other with their bodies shuddering throughout the episode. 

Their spasms and moans from their mutual orgasms seem to continue on forever; until, finally, they are both completely spent.

They are both on the verge of collapse from the experience, but before post-sex exhaustion can take over, he works to extricate himself from her scrubs that have cinched up behind his neck. He knows that she likely can't maintain that position forever and will need some relief soon.
