 The events below are not true, but are inspired by a real Sassy Lass whom is a very dear friend of mine. While our second meeting has not happened, a first time actually did happen and was one of the best sexual experiences of my life. This is a fantasy of our second illicit meeting which I hope will truly happen some day soon. 

Sassy Lass and I continued to chat frequently and find ways to share each others company. I always looked forward to lunch dates as seeing her always made me happy. She provided a natural high that simply made life and my time with her so enjoyable. Some might argue it was the pleasure of "forbidden fruit," but I felt it was the power of connecting with someone with whom you are compatible on many planes. 

I cherished the memories of that special afternoon we shared one cold, spring day, and continued to fantasize about the "what if" of another illicit rendezvous. There was so much to be enjoyed with this wonderful, beautiful creature, but what would the perfect afternoon look like. I could think of several. 

An afternoon on a:

Clear, cool, sunny spring day, spent walking hand in hand along a babbling mountain brook. Taking in the sights and sounds of nature as she gives birth to a brand new year of life. Winding up in a field of wildflowers, from which to make our bed as we free ourselves from the confines of our clothes, to enjoy the feeling of being completely naked in the great outdoors and the pleasures of the flesh that we enjoy with each other. 

Warm, sunny summer afternoon spent picnicking by a sandy and secluded clear water lake. Me, Sassy Lass, a well stocked picnic basket with a bottle of great champagne. Emboldened by the champagne we would strip off our clothes together to enjoy an afternoon of skinny dipping and sunning on the beach, interspersed with that intense sex that occurs when you fuck with great abandon while feeling the wind and the sun on pieces of skin that aren't normally bared to the outdoors. 

Or a cold autumn or winter afternoon spent holed up inside enjoying, the continued discovery of a new lover and the wanton, passionate sex that comes with this discovery. 

It was this, the last and most practical scenario, which eventually came to pass once again. It had been almost a year since our last afternoon together. Would I be as nervous as the first time? I was certainly as excited, with every nerve ending and sense heightened by the intense anticipation of our meeting, but not nervous. After having gotten to know her on a much more intimate basis I did not feel that nervousness would return. At least not for the same reason. A large part of it after all had been fueled by something deeply personal which I had almost shared with her that afternoon, but did not. Little did she know how much she had helped me in this area. I'd be forever grateful to her for that. I came close to telling her recently, in writing, but in the end couldn't bring myself to do it. It was after all something that was embarrassing to reveal. This was really silly since I trusted this woman with every ounce of my being, but it's just one of those things. Just like I knew she had her secrets as well. Still I suggested that I might tell her what it was, but that if I did it would have to be during a very intimate moment of sharing. A moment like one we would soon be sharing. Would she remember and press me for it? Could I, would I share it? So maybe I was a little nervous about this aspect of our meeting, but hopefully I'd make her forget all about it through the intense pleasure I hoped we both would share. 

On the way to the hotel I stopped at the store to buy the necessary supplies. Having thought about this day for so long I knew exactly what I wanted and quickly went about making the purchases. Wasting no time I headed to the hotel. As luck would have it I was able to procure a room with a whirlpool and once in the room I gave Sassy Lass a call.

"Hello."

"Hi, where are you," she asked?

"At the hotel, and you?"

"Not far away!"

"Good, I can't wait to see you. I'm in room 232."

"Okay, I'll be there in a bit."

"K, see you soon!"

Hanging up I set about making the final preparations. The bubbly I bought was an exquisite brand that tasted fantastic. It was well chilled from having sat in my vehicle all morning. I opened the bottle and poured two glasses, setting them on the table, along with the fruit tray I had purchased. Yes they weren't real champagne glasses, but they would do. Turning my attention to the bed I turned down the covers and then lit the 5 candles I purchased. Sniffing I was rewarded with the scent of warm vanilla as the candles began to work their magic. In addition to the smell they would also provide just the right amount of ambient lighting once I closed the window shades. I placed two on the table by the champagne and fruit and three more around the whirlpool. Next, I lit the fireplace and checking the thermostat, I turned it up a notch to ensure we would be comfortable once our clothes were removed. Finally I placed the toys, the one from our last adventure and the new, as of yet unused one, in the bedside table drawer. This would make them readily available for use when the time came. 

Closing the shades I took a quick look around the room and then I glanced at my watch just as the long anticipated knock at the door came. Perfect timing I thought to myself as I rushed to the door. Looking through the peephole to confirm it was Sassy Lass I quickly opened it and ushered her in, then closed and locked it. Turning to face her we both just smiled and laughed and I gave her a big bear hug, lifting her feet off the ground and twirling her as I held her close. 

"Oh you feel so good," I said, "it's so great to be with you again. Do you like," I asked, as I set her down and swept my hand about the room. 

"Oh my, candles, champagne, a fireplace, and a whirlpool!!! And just what did you have in mind?"

"I'm sure something exciting will cum up," I said with a laugh and a wink. 

"Cum up," she giggled, obviously enjoying the double entendre. "Oh whatsoever might cum up?"

Grabbing her hand I pulled her close for a kiss and slowly moved her hand to my waist and then below, "I think we'll find something," I said as I pushed her hand against my already stiffening cock.. 

"I see," she said with a little laugh, "or should I say feel."

"Whichever you prefer," I said as I broke our embrace. Still holding her hand I led her to the loveseat and handed her a glass of champagne. "Either way I'll show you in a little bit," I said with a wink, "but first let's enjoy a little champagne and some fruit."

"Fruit, well how thoughtful of you."

"Yes I thought it would be nice to have something light and energetic to eat, after all we'll need our energy."

"Will we?"

"I certainly hope so," I said with a smile as I walked over to the bathroom alcove. "But first close your eyes." 

She looked at me with a look of uncertainty. "It's okay, you trust me don't you?"

"Yes!"

"Okay then close your eyes, it's not like I'm going to hand cuff you or anything, well, that could be fun, but maybe another time."

"She smiled and then closed her eyes."

Returning I sat next to her, "okay you can open them."

As she opened them I brought my hand from behind my back to present her with a single rose.

"For me," she asked with that smile I so loved? 

"Most certainly for you. A beautiful flower for a beautiful woman, and did you notice the color?"

"Yes I did, yellow."

"Yes, your favorite as I remember."

We hugged again for a long moment and I buried my nose in her neck and took in a deep breath of her intoxicating scent. "Hmmm you smell great too, good enough to eat. Is that a hint of vanilla?"

"Yes, and did you notice anything else," she asked with a slight tone of mock indignation.

"What?"

"You mean you didn't notice," she said in a slightly higher voice. 

"Might you mean the necklace?"

"Yes!"

"Why certainly I did, and it looks absolutely stunning around your neck, especially against the background of your skin and framed by the dark black of your shirt. Did you 

think I would not?"

"I didn't think so, but you hadn't said anything."

"Maybe I was hoping that if I didn't say anything you'd strip down and leave nothing, but the necklace on to make sure I did notice it!"

"Snot, I bet if I stripped down you wouldn't be looking at my neck!"

"Maybe, after all you do have perfect tits, but I really do like to nuzzle and lick your neck. Something I didn't really get to do last time."

"And why not?"

"Truth?"

"Truth."

"Well if you remember I was so nervous that you decided we needed to just strip and get into bed."

"I decided?"

"I seem to recall you taking the lead."

"And are you are complaining?"

"Oh no, it was great and probably the best thing to have done. But there was so much I had wanted to do that I simply wound up not doing because I was so nervous and of course so anxious to savor you."

"Like what," she asked?

"Like a little more foreplay," I replied. 

"Explain."

"You just want me to talk dirty to you."

"Yeah, so....come on spill it!" 

"Well I would have liked to have been able to hold you from behind, and to kiss and nuzzle your neck while my hands caressed your breasts."

"MMMMMmmmmmm!"

"Yes, and then I would have liked to have turned you around and kissed a little as we maybe slow danced a little while my hands roamed about your body and I whispered into your ear what I was going to do to you once I got you naked."

"Nicccceeee."

We both just looked at each for a few moments and smiled until I noticed her champagne glass was empty. Reaching for the bottle I refilled her glass.

"My, my, my, hoping to get a girl drunk and take advantage of her are we," she exclaimed with that laugh and twinkle in her eye that I so loved, and which could always make me instantly hard. 

"You betcha, that way I can have my way with you!" 

I stopped to admire how lovely she looked in the soft glow of the candle light. The reflection of the flames shimmered off the highlights in her hair and her eyes glowed like the deepest of blue sapphires. As I sat there admiring her beauty, I thanked my lucky stars to be so blessed as to be able to enjoy the immense pleasure of not only the company of this fantastic woman, but also the intimate carnal knowledge and pleasure which I hoped her body would soon afford me. And then my reverie was broken when she spoke, "Soooo, tell me more about what you think you might be doing to me."

Looking deeply into those beautiful eyes, I took a sip of champagne. "Well, the answer is quite simple, I'm out to maximize your pleasure, as it is through that, that I receive my greatest pleasure."

"Sweet talker, that'll get you everywhere, maybe.....but, you'll have to be more specific."

"Mmm, well I hope you know that I won't ever do anything you don't want to do. I know how you feel about, shall we say certain things acts."

"Hmmm, you mean like anal?"

"Yes"

"Well you know I like it, I've told you that. It's just that act just seems very personal and not one I will share freely."

"I know, and I just want you to know that while I do like to fantasize about it, if it happens it happens, if not it doesn't. I fantasize about it primarily because it's another way to experience you and to give you pleasure on a different level. And I won't lie, the thought of it is an exciting turn on for me, and I get a sense it is for you too. But you will have to want it and will have to ask for it." 

"You'd like that wouldn't you?"

"What?"

Being ever the tease she scooted over, and brushing her tits against me as she leaned over she whispered in my ear, "If I asked you to please fuck my tight little ass."

As she moved back to her seat I replied, "If you could see my cock right now you'd know the answer to that question."

"Ah Hah, I knew it!"

"Yea, well who wouldn't, but getting to do everything and anything else is also satisfying. Remember one of the things I like most about you , and why I think we are so very compatible, is our adventurous nature when it comes to everything, including sex. And the fact that in that area we'd probably both be willing to try almost anything."

"Anything huh, for example?"

"Name it, what wouldn't you be willing to try, outside of some of those crazy fetishes we've talked about. Take one of our favorites, a fantasy threesome with either a woman or a man?"

"You're right," she relented with another sip of champagne.

Feeling that it was about time, especially since I was hard as a rock, I put down my glass and I offered her my hand. Pulling her up I twirled her around and grabbed her by the waist. 

"Back to our first topic, let me show you," I whispered into her ear as my hands cupped her breasts and began massaging them. Even through the material of her bra I could feel those perfect nipples straining at the fabric, begging for attention. I began kissing her neck as my left hand continued it's assault on her breasts, which I had now worked underneath her shirt, and my right hand stole down to her crotch. I pressed into the vee of her legs, and could feel the warmth of her pussy beneath her jeans. Twirling her around to face me I looked into her eyes and cradling her cheeks in my hands I brought her lips to mine and kissed her. 

"Give me your tongue," I demanded.

She opened her mouth to give me access and our tongues intertwined as my hands circled her waist and dropped to her ass. Pulling her to me I began a slow rocking motion as I broke our kiss and nuzzled into her neck. My hands were now roaming freely underneath her shirt, moving from her breasts to her ass and back again. I undid her bra and my hands moved underneath to cup her breasts and tweak her nipples. Stepping back I looked her in the eyes and began undoing her buttons. 

"I'm not going to be the only one naked her am I," she asked? 

"Certainly not."

"Well then?"

"Well what, you can undo some buttons?"

With that Sassy Lass began undoing the buttons on my shirt as I finished removing hers and her bra. Next we moved to each others pants and in another minute stood naked before each other. We both laughed, but it was the laugh of two close friends, not the nervous laughter of two strangers naked before each other for the first time.

"I have another surprise for you!"

"Oh oh."

"I promise you'll like it," I said as I led her to the bed. "Lay down on your stomach," I said as I reached into the nightstand drawer and withdrew a tube of warming massage oil. Putting some on my fingers I straddled Sassy Lass's ass and began working the oil into her shoulders and back.

"HHHHmmmm, this is heavenly," she mewled.

"I'm glad you like," I said as my hands continued to knead her flesh. I grazed the underside of each breast and slowly began working my way further down her back, until I reached her ass. Moving further back I put more oil on my hands and began kneading her ass and then down her legs. Bringing my hands between her legs I pushed and she spread them to give me access. My fingers soon found their way to her pussy, which was extremely wet. 

"Mmmm, I guess you do like this," I said as I dipped one finger into her warm, wet pussy. 

"Yes I do," she groaned. 

I slipped another finger into her pussy and then pressing inward slowly dragged both up between her cheeks. When I passed over her rosebud she jumped.

"Don't worry, I'm not doing anything there," I said.

"I'm not, I just wasn't quite expecting the sensation."

"So I can continue," I asked?

"Yes!"

With that I poured more oil onto my hands and continued to knead her ass, then made a couple of more trips between her legs to dip into her pussy and slowly drag them back up between her cheeks again. Each time I slowly pressed into her rosebud just a little, and each time I did was rewarded with a small groan of satisfaction. After a few minutes I laid down next to her.

"Time to roll over," I said.

With that Sassy Lass rolled over and I put my arm across her chest. Bending my head I took first one and then her other nipple into my mouth and sucked. As I did this I began to trace ever widening circles out from her breasts, towards her pelvic mound. Trailing my tongue from her nipple, up her neck to her ear, while at the same running my finger through her hot, wet slit and slowly inserting it in her pussy. At the same time I felt her hand close around my cock and begin to pump.

"I feel your hard cock," she whispered. 

"Mmmmhmmmm, that's the way you made it, and I love the way your pussy feels," I replied, "how about another finger," I said as I added another finger to the one already slowly moving in and out of her pussy. As I slowly pulled my fingers up I caught her clit between the two and gently squeezed as I continued to drag them to the top of her slit. Once there I immediately plunged them back down to penetrate deep inside her.

"You like," I asked as I felt her fingers squeeze my cock ever tighter.

"Yesssss!"

"Then how about another finger," I said as I suddenly thrust a third in with the other two. Sassy Lass moaned as my fingers continued their assault on her pussy. I began kissing her neck and nibbling at her ear lobe as I added another finger to her pussy. 

"That's four fingers in your pussy," I whispered.

She groaned, "I need your cock now, please fuck me." 

"Please what?"

"Fuck me!"

"Mmmm I like when you talk dirty to me." Pulling my fingers from her pussy I put one in my mouth. "Mmmm you taste good," I said, "care to taste," I asked as I offered her one of my other fingers. Looking me in the eye she took my finger into her mouth and closed around it with her lips, sucking it as if it were my cock.

"Now fuck me," she demanded as she removed my finger. I leaned over and kissed her as I rose into position, tasting her pussy on her lips as I did so. She pulled her legs back as I aimed my cockhead at her entrance and pushed forward, until I was buried deep inside her.

"Your cock feels so good," she groaned as I began to pound in and out of her, my balls slapping against her ass. After a few minutes I could feel my orgasm beginning to well up and I pulled out. 

"I don't want to cum just yet," I said. Before she could react I grabbed both her legs in my hands and moved quickly down between her legs to lick the length of her lips. She squealed from my sudden and unexpected assault on her pussy with my tongue. 

"Oh you do that so well," she groaned.

I continued licking, moving my tongue further and further down her slit with each long lick, burying my tongue deeper into her pussy on each up stroke, until on one pass my tongue passed across her rosebud and licked all the way up to her clit. On the second time down I lingered at that puckered brown hole, giving it a few licks of it's own before continuing back up.

"You like having your tight little asshole licked," I asked?

She groaned, "Yes," and I continued while reaching to the nightstand drawer to bring out the new vibrator.

"Maybe it's time for this," I said as I turned it on and held the vibrating tip against her clit. She jumped at the initial contact, but then began gyrating back at it as I worked it up and down her slit and around her clit. Her breathing was coming faster now, and she was clawing the sheets with her hands as I pushed the vibrating head into her pussy and up, aiming the natural bend of the toy and all its power on her g-spot.

"Ohhhhhhh, you found the spot," she groaned.

Taking my free hand I began gently tweaking her left nipple as I focused the motion of the vibrator's head on her g-spot. 

"Harder, pinch my nipple harder," she whispered.

I complied with her request and she grabbed the vibrator from my hand and thrust it tightly against her as I watched her begin to convulse in her first orgasm. As she began to come down I immediately removed the vibrator and replaced it with my hard cock and began thrusting wildly inside her. Sassy Lass began moaning with delight as I continued pounding into her.
