 Author's Note: Please read "Our Dirty Weekend" and "Our Mid Morning Tryst" to better enjoy this story. Also, please send your comments, feedback and votes.

I hope my muse will send her feedback too. 

***

I am a senior executive working for a reputed multinational company. I am in my fifties. I am tall, well built and have a distinguished personality. I am fit, active & healthy, with a strong libido and a keen eye for members of the opposite sex. My kids are grown up & studying abroad.

***

You are a young, healthy, mature girl in your early thirties. You are of medium height, fair and plump, with a nicely rounded figure. Ever since you hit puberty, you have been aware of your sexuality. You've always liked to wear fashionable, attractive apparel that is just a little more daring than what other girls from your conservative upper middle class background would choose. You are in fact a closet exhibitionist, something you didn't know till we met.

You are keenly sensitive to the reactions you evoke in members of the opposite sex and love to be the center of their attention. You feel a shiver of excitement whenever you see a man staring at your curvaceous body; although you take care to feign indifference, not revealing your true feelings. You've been married for several years and have a young kid. The initial excitement of marriage has long since worn off, replaced by the monotony of a humdrum wedded life in a sleepy small town. Your hubby is a nice man, but isn't exactly one to sweep a girl off her feet. You long for a bit of excitement, to experience the thrill of a chase, to have an attractive man fall for you and perhaps to seduce you. In short, you are ripe for a fling... 

Opportunity knocks when your hubby goes off to the US on a six month assignment. Your mother agrees to look after your kid as you move to Mumbai to try for an opening in the TV industry as a scriptwriter; you have always had a flair for writing. You stay with your aunt and her hubby. They are a childless working couple, staying in an apartment right across mine.

Sparks fly between us the moment we set our eyes on each other. You are unable to control yourself as your inhibitions dissolve and you flirt outrageously. Almost inevitably, we drift into an affair. We have our first tryst in your aunt's apartment and later, we spend a dirty weekend together...

***

It's been almost eight weeks since we spent a weekend together. I've been busy in the meantime. I've just returned from a fortnight long business tour of Europe & have thereafter been up to my neck in hectic rounds of meetings & consultations. Nevertheless, I can't forget the thrill of our illicit liaison. During odd moments of respite, I catch myself getting an erection as I remember your hot young body writhing under me and your throaty moans as I pound your pussy senseless. I'd love to get inside your pants again & wonder when I can get an opportunity...

Since we are next door neighbors, we've met a few times in the lobby or downstairs in the compound. But every time you've averted your eyes while walking past me, in stark contrast with the flirtatious small talk that we used to exchange in the past. It seems you've been avoiding me. I wonder why... 

***

You too have been busy in the interregnum. Your efforts to develop contacts in the TV industry have started bearing fruit. You are hoping to get some work soon. But in spite of these preoccupations, you too cannot get our liaison out of your system. You sometimes lie awake in bed, remembering the intense peaks of pleasure you've experienced at my hands, your fingers stroking your clit in an effort to re-live those moments. You realize you might be getting hooked. You want to break loose & decide not to let our affair continue. To keep you even busier, you join a gym and work out vigorously for an hour thrice a week. The results soon show; you lose 3-4 kilos, your skin acquires a healthy glow & there is an extra bounce in your walk. However, your mind stubbornly refuses to let go of the memories of our times together. They are too powerful, too erotic...

***

Late on a weekday morning, I get ready to go to office. I'm the only one at home; my wife has gone visiting her parents (again), to attend to some property matters. I call you on your cell phone just as I step out into the lobby.

You too are home alone; your aunt & her husband have left for work earlier in the morning. You've had a late evening the previous day & have no appointments until the afternoon. You have returned to bed after your morning ablutions, intending to catch some more sleep. Your cell phone rings just as you are drifting asleep.

"Hello?" Your voice is thick with sleep.

"Come to the door!" I say gruffly.

"What..! Ohh, yes!!" You respond after a momentary hesitation as you recognize my voice. Your heart skips a beat. 

"Damn! What'll I do now?" You think. You've promised yourself not to meet me again. You're scared of your obsession with me & worried that you're going to become a slave to my will. Your inner voice tells you to just ignore the call & go back to sleep. But then, you think it would be rude not to tell me to my face. You decide to meet me at the door & break off our liaison once and for all.

Having so decided, you find your legs sprinting to the bathroom. After quickly splashing water on your face to drive away the remnants of sleep, you hurry to the door, combing your fingers through your disheveled hair.

In the mean time, I wait patiently in the lobby, sure that you'll come. My patience is rewarded as your door clicks open & you stand there, looking good enough to eat. You're dressed in frilly pink pajamas. Thick, dark disheveled hair frames your face. Bright sunlight in the room behind you shines through your hair, creating a halo around your head. Your eyes are still sleepy, but your cheeks have a high color and you are breathing fast, as if you've just climbed a couple of flights of stairs. 

Your face lights up the moment you see me. In spite of your best effort, you are unable to control your body's reaction; your heart leaps into your mouth, you feel a shiver run up your spine, your pussy tingles and nipples stiffen. Quite unconsciously, your stance changes; you pull your shoulders back, thrust out one hip just a little & straighten your back. There is a saucy glint in your eyes and a welcoming smile on your face. 

I spend a few moments taking in your visage. I sense rather than see the change in your physique. As I eye your heaving bosom, I notice the stiff nipples poking up under the soft fabric of the pajama top. In fact I can also see the shadowy outline of dark aureole through the translucent fabric. As you see me eyeing your breasts you feel moist between your legs... 

"Let's go out this weekend." I say, coming straight to the point. We are standing at the open door of your apartment. The lobby is brightly lit by sunlight streaming in through the glass front. No one else is in sight.

"No... I don't think so..." You whisper.

"Why not?" I ask.

"It's not right... We should end this... thing..." You stutter unconvincingly. Your conscience & your body are fighting it out. At this point your conscience has the upper hand.

"OK, if you say so!" I shrug, pretending not to care but nevertheless hoping that you'll change your mind.

"Thanks!" You whisper, relieved that there is no unpleasantness, at the same time disappointed that I've not persisted.

"But let me tell you, you look great!" I compliment you. 

"Thank you!" You respond, blushing prettily.

Then I gesture to you to raise your arms over your head & turn around. Against your better judgment, you find yourself complying, knowing fully well that anybody chancing to come by will surely see the spectacle. Ever the exhibitionist, you are turned on by that possibility. You hold your arms high overhead, folded at the elbows & slowly turn around, standing just inside the wide open door. 

The short sleeves of the pajama top slide off your arms & a luxuriant growth of underarm hair is visible through the large arm holes. It's not as if you have consciously decided to let them grow, as I've asked you to. It is just that you've not gotten around to shaving them, these past few weeks. Furthermore, you've chosen to wear short sleeved tops on a few occasions and have been gratified by the quick double takes of people as they've caught glimpses of the underarm growth... As you turn around, the outline of your breasts is clearly revealed by the backlight shining through the thin pajama top.

"Wow!" I whisper. 

You blush again. All thoughts of fobbing me off dissolve as a liquid spark leaps from your nipples to your pussy. I too feel my excitement grow in my crotch. I point to your breasts and motion to you to expose them. You shake your head in the negative, dropping your arms & crossing them in front of your chest. 

"Oh, c'mon! Just this once!!" I say hoarsely. 

After a little hesitation your fingers creep downwards & grasp the hem of the pajama top. The thrill of exposing yourself to your lover in an open doorway with the very real possibility of someone else barging in casts a hypnotic spell on you. Entranced, you raise the hem slowly, oh so slowly... Your nicely rounded tummy with its dainty belly button is first exposed, followed gradually by the full lower curves of your breasts. You pause tantalizingly for a while and then with a gentle tug raise the top off of your breasts. 

A few weeks of regular workouts have given a new tautness to your body. Your waist has lost a few inches and shows off your wide, well rounded, made-for-childbearing hips to best advantage. Although after years of marriage and a childbirth your breasts have lost their virginal stiffness, the toned pectoral muscles underneath give them a visible lift and they seem to ride higher on your chest, nicely rounded & perky. Your nipples are so engorged with arousal that they ache. Your globes rise & fall rapidly as you pant in excitement.

"Ding!" The elevator stops at the floor below. The magic moment is broken by the noise. You quickly lower your pajama top & cross your arms over your chest. Your heart continues to pound against your rib cage.

"Coffee?" You whisper, wanting to prolong our meeting. Your treacherous body has finally won the battle over your conscience. I know that I have won the weekend date.

"Why not!" I growl, quickly stepping inside your apartment & shutting the door behind me.

My hips pin you against a wall and with one hand I hold both your arms above your head. My other hand roams all over your torso. I rub my fingers against your thick armpit hair & sniff the feminine musk clinging to them. My hand sneaks under your pajama top and fondles your breasts. 

"Uhhh..." You moan as I dry hump you and play with your breasts & armpits, your legs barely able to support your weight. We exchange a deep, open mouthed kiss. I nip your lower lip before disengaging. I have grown fully hard & want to take you there & then. 

"I've got to go now. I've an important meeting lined up. But let's enjoy a great weekend!" I tell you, reluctantly pulling back. I explain the plan for the weekend & ask you to be ready on time. You nod wordlessly. You return to bed savoring the memory of our brief contact, breathlessly wondering what I might have in store for you on the weekend...

***

It is half past five AM on Saturday morning. You wait for me outside a suburban train station not too far from our residence. You've followed all my instructions. You've not showered in the morning; just brushed your teeth, taken a douche, rubbed yourself down with a moist towel and combed your hair. Nor have you used perfume or cologne. Unlike our previous weekend, you've picked clothes suitable for a trek. You wear a snug fitting, light blue knit cotton track suit and a pair of good walking shoes. You've tied your hair in a juda (bun) & wrapped a red printed silk scarf over it. You wear comfortable cotton panties. Under the jacket of the track suit, you wear a snug, ribbed knit white cotton top. It has very short sleeves, just about an inch long, large arm holes and a Vee neck just big enough to reveal the top of your bosom. You are braless. The track suit nicely shows off your taut thighs, rounded bottom and full bosom. 

I arrive in my son's old Maruti Zen car at forty five minutes past five AM, as promised. I am a punctual man. You throw your shoulder bag in the back seat & hop in and we are on our way.

"I'm glad you didn't use perfume." I say, sniffing.

"Mm..." You respond.

"When did you shower?" I ask.

"Last night." You whisper. Suddenly you feel shy.

"Good... good!! You're going to smell just great after the trek!" I say. My hand wanders on to your thigh. Your hand covers mine & squeezes it. 

"Have you done much trekking before?" I ask.

"No... not really. But I used to take part in sports in college." You respond.

"I'm sure you will find this trek enjoyable. It is not too demanding. Besides, you look really fit because of your gym workouts." I reassure you, casting an admiring glance. You beam at the compliment. In fact you have given no thought at all to whether you'll be able to cope with the trek. I've cast such a spell on you, you'd have agreed to go anywhere with me, without a thought. 

We have breakfast at a food mall on the expressway. On our way up the Bhor Ghat, I point out a distant looking hill top which we will be trekking to. Your heart thuds in your chest and you dread the thought of climbing all that way up. Actually, I know it is not as bad as it looks; our car will be taking us more than halfway up there. I have carefully chosen this particular trek; I don't want you to be tired & fagged out at the end of it. By the time we reach Khandala, it is around eight o'clock in the morning. We drive into the town and then turn off on a small road. The road is narrow, pot holed & dusty. Soon, it starts climbing uphill and eventually peters out into a rutted track. I pull the car over to one side; we climb out & stretch our limbs. It is the month of March. The hills are generally parched & dry, dotted with scattered clumps of green vegetation. Children are busy preparing for their annual exams & therefore there are no tourists around. The air is still fresh & cool as we set off on our trek after drinking some water.

The dirt track becomes narrower as we progress, so that we have to walk in single file. I lead. Soon, the climb becomes steeper. I pause and look back. You are fifteen paces behind and making heavy weather of it. When you catch up, you are panting and sweating profusely. There is a fine coat of dust on your face and sweat trickling down it leaves long muddy streaks in its wake. The jacket of your track suit is damp too.

"Tired?" I ask. 

"No. But this is really something!" You laugh, breathing heavily. You rest a while and take a couple of swigs of water. The water spills over and runs down your neck into your track suit. 

"Here!" I say, wiping your face with a napkin I've carried in my backpack. Even with all the dust & smudges on your face, you look pretty & sexy. 

"It's getting hot!" I remark as I unzip your jacket and ease it open. The wonderful aroma of sweat and musk confined within wafts up & caresses my nose. The damp cotton top clings to your sweaty skin.

"Aaahhh...!" I breathe out after having buried my face in your bosom and inhaled a lungful of a most intoxicating odor of the fresh sweat of a healthy young woman, untainted by the synthetic smells of cologne or perfume. You giggle as my nose tickles the sensitive flesh of your décolletage. My nose doesn't detect any signs of arousal. "It'll happen in good time!" I think. My dusty, sweaty face leaves smudges on your virginal white top.

I help you to take off your back pack & remove the jacket. You now wear only the cotton top, just reaching your belly button. A couple of inches of skin above the waistband of your pants are bare. Your unbound breasts sway & jiggle deliciously under the thin top as you struggle to put on the back pack. I keep your jacket with me, tying it around my waist after wiping my face with it and inhaling your musk again.

We are back on the trek, but now you are in the lead and I follow. I want you to set the pace so that you don't get too fagged out. The track hits a really steep patch. Your full, rounded ass is level with my eyes and I can see your thighs and butt muscles ripple under the snug track suit. In spite of the heat and dust, I start getting aroused. The movement of your body pulls down the waist band of the trousers. I can now see glimpses of the tops of your ass cheeks as well as your bare waist... 

Although you are tired, you hate to admit it. You keep pushing yourself until at one point, you are forced to halt. 

"Give me a hand please!" You beg, looking back at me. 

I am ready to oblige, as ever. Soon, we are climbing again, with me slightly behind and to one side. Some times I push you up by your hips or occasionally pull you by your upper arm. We make slow progress, with you setting the pace. Inevitably, we are in close proximity and my hands make frequent contact with the bare skin of your waist, hips & upper arms. Your breasts often brush against my arm, causing me to be in a state of continuous half-arousal. In a while we reach almost level ground, close to the summit. Even then, you continue to lean against me, letting me push you forward. 

We stop under a scraggly little tree that offers a bit of shade. You turn towards me and for the first time I look into your eyes. They smolder with your arousal. You rush at me & throw your arms around my neck. I hug you around your waist & straighten up. Your entire body flattens against mine and your feet dangle in the air as we exchange an open mouthed kiss. We both feel the gritty dust against our teeth as we run our tongues against each other's lips and taste the salty tang of dried sweat. I set you down as the straps of the back packs chafe against our skins. We embrace once again after divesting the back packs, savoring the touch of your soft breasts flattening against my hard chest. 

"Come!" I lead you by your hand for the last few meters as we crest the slope and see the valley stretch out before us. It is a wonderful sight. In the distance we also see the highway, snaking its way up the hillside, with tiny vehicles crawling slowly on it. We see knots of people standing by the roadside, enjoying the view of the valley. They look really small. I pull out my powerful binoculars, focus them on to the highway and hand them to you. 

You are taken aback as the people suddenly jump into view, seemingly close enough to touch. You can clearly see their faces. I embrace you from behind while you peer through the binoculars. My hands slip under your top and lazily brush against your stiff nipples.

"You know, they could see us too, if they knew where to look!" I whisper, my lips brushing your ear. You feel a spark fly from your ear & go down to your nipples.

"I'm going to show your breasts to them!" I tell you. 

"Don't!" You whisper. But you continue to hold the binoculars & peer through them. You make no attempt to stop me as I slowly raise the hem of your top & pull it above your unbound breasts.

"Do any of them have binoculars too?" I ask, rolling your nipples between my fingers & nipping your earlobe.

"I... I... don't... know!" Your voice is barely audible. Suddenly, you let go of the binoculars & slump against me. Your knees buckle & I tighten my grip around your chest to prevent you from falling. Fortunately, the binoculars are saved as you're wearing its strap around your neck.

You have swooned due to a combined effect of tiredness, dehydration and sexual arousal. I half carry, half drag you to a shady nook a few feet below the summit. There is a flat rocky outcrop just big enough to seat two. I sit down & pull you into my lap. I pull out a can of energy drink from my backpack and offer it to you. I cradle your head against my shoulder & make you sip it slowly. We are in the shade, and a light, cool breeze is blowing. Soon, the sugar & electrolytes in the energy drink hit your bloodstream and the breeze cools you off. You feel wonderfully woozy and comfy in my lap. You wiggle a bit to find the most comfortable position & drift off to sleep, head resting against my chest. I can see your pearly white teeth between your half open lips...
