 I knew he was coming over, but I couldn't help myself. The thought of his tongue caressing my pussy while I bring him to ecstasy with my mouth sucking him clean. Then fucking him. My pussy was already hot and wet and he wasn't even here yet. 

I sat on the couch waiting. The thoughts of what was to happen racing through my mind. I reached my hand down and felt my pussy. I had already soaked my panties through. With the juices flowing I started to rub my clit with one hand while my other hand found my nipples. They were getting hard. Still rubbing my clit, I started pinching my nipples between my fingers. The more I pinched and rubbed, the faster I was getting close to cuming. 

I was really starting to get into when I looked up and saw him standing in the doorway, his eyes watching my hands. I looked him over and saw the bulge in his pants. "How long have you been standing there?" I managed to ask between moans. "Long enough" he replied. He closed the door behind him as he started to walk over to finish the job I had started. 

I stayed sitting on the couch as he walked over to me. I undid his pants and slid them to the floor. His hard cock was in my face. The perfect spot for sucking. I gently ran my tongue from the base to the head, then around the head completely. He tasted so good. I started sucking him, starting out slowly. Then going faster and slowing down at the right times. I reached my hand up to gently stroke and play with his balls while I fucked his cock with my mouth. I could feel him start to tense up and taste the precum coming from his cock. I flicked and teased the tip of his cock with my tongue while I sucked him. He started cuming in my mouth. 

I swallowed it and kept sucking. I wanted him hard again. I wasn't done and I knew he wanted to have more fun. He pulled away from me, them lowered himself to sit on his knees in front of me. He kissed me passionately, and then kissed my ears and neck. He made his way down to my breasts, my nipples were still hard. He teased them with his tongue and his teeth. After teasing me for what seemed like an eternity, he lowered his mouth to my pussy. 

He started fucking my pussy with his tongue, licking my clit. As he was teasing my clit with his tongue, he started to finger my pussy. I gently rocked my hips, pushing my pussy farther into his face. He seemed to enjoy this, either from knowing how much it pleased me, or because it gave him more access to eat my pussy with. 

I started to moan and he knew that I was getting close to cuming. He started to finger me faster and harder while he licked my clit. That put me over the edge. I came into his mouth. He licked all the juice he could. He slowed down. 

He leaned up and kissed me again. I could taste my juices on his mouth. While we kissed I reached up and played with his cock. Getting it to grow in my hand. Once it was hard enough, I got up, pulled him to his feet and lead him into the dining room. I knew the table was perfect height for me to sit on while he fucked me. He looked at me questionably as I sat on the table. But he never asked what I wanted to do. 

I pulled him close to me and he knew that I wanted him to fuck me right there. With one motion he leaned in and his cock slid right into my pussy. He started pumping me harder and faster. I moaned out in pleasure. As fast as he was going, I thought we were going to break the table, but as I thought about that, he slowed down. He was close to cuming again, but I could tell he wanted me to fuck him first. 

I started kissing him while he slowly fucked me. I whispered in his ear to pull out of me and I would give him a surprise. He did so without questioning me. I moved a chair out for him to sit on. He did so, and I straddled him. I moved my hips back and forth on his dick. Doing this turned him on more. He lifted me up and then sat me back down on his cock with one swift movement. I rode him. I started out slow but then got faster.

I pushed my pussy into his lap and felt his cock go in deeper. "Oh....yes....right there...don't stop" he moaned. After I got going good enough, I started bouncing on his dick. Making him moan even louder. I knew he was getting close to cuming, as I was too. I told him that I wanted him to cum. I was ready for it. But before he came, I started to cum. The way hips were moving and the way my pussy felt, milking him for all he had brought him over the edge and we came together. 

When we were finished, he looked at me, "hello" he said "how was your day?" I could tell it was going to be a great day.