 This is the story of how I met Song, and how she made me the luckiest man alive.

It all began after my friend, Joey, broke up with his girlfriend. Actually, calling it "broke with his girlfriend" doesn't quite tell the story. She dumped him, and she did so in the nastiest possible way — over WhatsApp. Afterwards, he found out (that is, she told him) she already was cheating on him with some guy she was working with. All those times when she "had a headache", or "wasn't in the mood for sex", she was actually already all soar from having wild sex with that guy. She would pass through his place before work, or after work, and sometimes even during lunch break.

After he got over the part when he didn't want to talk to anyone, let alone leave the house (he called in sick, and didn't come to work for a week), he finally answered my call, and told me all about it. Then he told me he would like to fuck anything that moves. When we met, I suggested we go to a bar in my neighborhood which I knew to be a "pick-up" bar.

We sat at the bar and sipped our beers. That is, I was sipping, Joey was drinking. And drinking. But other than drinking (or sipping), we didn't do anything. None of us had a clue about what we were supposed to do — how do we get Joey laid. Then I saw two cute looking girls who looked more or less our age, sitting next to a table at the far end of the bar. I suggested we bought them beer. I ordered two pints of beer for the girls on that table. The bar tender prepared the drinks and a waitress brought it to them. We saw the girls asking the waitress where the beers had come from and the waitress pointed a finger in our direction. The two girls smiled and waved at us, inviting us to their table.

We asked the bar tender to move our tap to that table, and moved over. There were two open chairs there, and we took them.

"Hi, I'm Jessica," said the medium-built girl with the long, dark hair, "and this is Song," she gestured towards her friend, who was a bit taller and thinner, had a short blond hair and a very bright skin.

"Nice to meet you, I'm Owen," I introduced myself, and Joey introduced himself as we set down.

"'Song', what a beautiful name," I said to the blond girl who was now sitting across from me.

"Thanks," she said with a smile.

"What are you doing here?" Jessica asked.

And Joey did what a man in his situation should absolutely never ever do when trying to hit on a girl, and told the truth.

"No worries," said Jessica and held his arm, "I'm going to make sure you forget everything about her tonight. Wanna dance? I absolutely love this song!"

(Turned out there was a pun in this sentence, but I didn't know about it until much much later).

Jessica took Joey to the dance floor. Song and I watched them teasing each other while dancing. We tried to talk, but the music was turning way too loud to allow a proper conversation. After twenty minutes or so, Song suggested we split.

"They are not going back to the table," she shouted. "Let's pay up and go."

I agreed, and we asked for the bill, we split it between the two of us, and left.

"In which direction are you going?" Song asked.

"I live nearby. I can walk at any direction with you, if you want."

She smiled, and we started walking towards her place.

"Joey is going to get laid tonight," she told me as we started to walk.

"How do you know?" I asked.

"Well, I know Jessica... She's going to put out to him in the bathroom, and then he's not going to hear from her again."

"Well, I guess this is what Joey needs right now," I said, "or at least what he wants."

"I guess that's why she picked him," Song said, smiling at me.

"I guess."

"And you?" she turned to me. "Why were you there? Joey said why he was, but you didn't..."

"I was there for him," I said.

"Was that the only reason? Do you have someone? A girlfriend, a wife?"

"Not at the moment," I said. "I broke with my last girlfriend a few months ago."

"I'm sorry. So, were you there looking for a hookup?" she insisted.

"Well, I don't know if that's the best place for that, for me," I explained. "I can't just have sex with someone whom I don't at the very least, like, and I don't want to share something as beautiful as sex with someone I like, and then not hear from her ever again."

"I know what you mean," she said in a soft voice, which sounded a bit sad.

"I'm looking for someone to make love to every night, and wake next to every morning," I said.

She did not answer. It looked as if her mind was somewhere else. We walked in silence for a few more minutes until we reached an old apartment building.

"That's me," she said, smiling at me. "It was nice walking with you."

"It was nice for me too," I paused for a bit and then asked: "Would it be OK if we get some dinner together sometime?"

"That would be great," she answered with a smile.

There were a few seconds of awkward silence, which she broke with a series of digits. Oh yeh, when a girl agrees to go on a date with you, you'd better get her number, otherwise it will be really hard to make contact.

I put her number in my "contacts" on my phone, and she moved towards me, her right hand forwards, and shook my hand goodbye.

"Good night, Owen, it was nice meeting you."

"Good night, Song," I said. "It was nice meeting you too."

She turned away and punched a code to open her building's front door. I was smiling out of control. I felt I was in love, and so happy this beautiful girl agreed to go out with me. I stared at her as she opened the door and made a step forward.

But then she stopped, and turned back. She walked back to me and said:

"I would love to go on a date with you. I really, really want this."

I heard a "but" coming.

"but... would it be OK if I asked you to come up with me? I know you don't want to have sex with someone you don't, at the very least, like, but you did ask me out, so I guess you do like me. And you don't want to do share this experience with someone, and then not see her again. But I agreed to go out with you, so we are going to see each other again... I'm sorry... I just haven't fucked in two months and all this talk about Joey and Jessica made me so horny..."

I was in shock. First, because of the suggestion. I was never invited to a girl's apartment so early in our relationship. But mostly, I was in shock because of the amount of thought she put into that. And besides, two months? I haven't had sex for almost six...

"Sure," I said, with a half voice.

We went up to her apartment. It was a small, old apartment. She told me she was a subtenant, and that Jessica was the tenant, and therefore, her roommate. Being a subtenant, she got the smaller bedroom. It had enough room for a single bed and a desk. The desk was covered with binders and books. There were hospital scrubs lying on the chair near the desk. One binder was sitting on the bed. She moved it to the desk and set herself down.

"Close the door and come over," she asked me.

I closed the door and moved towards her. When I was really close, she unbuckled my jeans, and pushed her hands inside it.

"Are you happy I asked you up here?" she asked, feeling my erection as the back of her fingers touched my underwear.

"Very much," I said with a shy voice.

Then she pulled my penis out of my underwear and said:

"Hey, what a cute little dick you've got there... I bet it's yummy."

Before I could say anything, my dick was already in her mouth. I lowered my pants and underpants a bit to allow her to reach all of it. It was not very erect yet, so she managed to fit all of it in her mouth. She pulled her head forward and backward to get my penis deeper in her mouth, and then get it almost all the way out. As I got more aroused, my penis became too big to fit in her mouth, and she held the base with her hand and sucked the top with her lips. She moved her tongue around the top, and that just felt fantastic.

When my penis was fully erect, she took it out of her mouth, and said:

"OK, now I think you're ready. I need to get undressed, and you need to get dressed."

Before I figured out what she meant, she leaned backwards and opened the top drawer in her nightstand, and took a condom out of it. She unwrapped it, and slid it on my dick. Then she unbuttoned her jeans, and in a quick, single move, she removed her jeans and panties. She laid back, opened her legs a little, and placed her right hand between them, caressing herself there.

I was so amazed by her beauty and by her ease, that I couldn't move. Her pubic hair was short and bright, not as bright as the hair on her head, but brighter than that of any girl I've seen naked so far. Her legs were thin, but not skinny. She looked so delicate, but yet, not fragile. She moved her fingers around her pink vagina. I never saw a girl do that. Well, I kind-of did, in porn, but never in real life. None of my previous girlfriends would masturbate in front of me. And this girl, whom I've just met, was doing it, and smiling at me at the same time.

"Hey, Owen, why are you still standing there," she finally said, and woke me up from my gazing. "Come fuck me already!"

I came closer to her, and laid on the bed, on top of her. She guided my penis into her, and I started moving myself in and out of her. I rested my body on my hands, which were mounted on the bed, next to her shoulders. While moving in and out I was looking straight into her deep-blue eyes, and she was looking back right at me.

"How did you like my pussy?" she asked.

That aroused me even more. I have heard girls saying the word "pussy" before, but never in such a blunt and direct manner.

"I liked it very much. You're beautiful," I said, breathing heavily.

"Take me on this date you promised, and I'll show you my tits too."

That definitely did it for me. I felt I was really close to cumming. She felt it, and moaned:

"You can cum, Owen, I want you to cum in my pussy!"

A second later, I came hard. I laid on top of her, feeling my heart bursting out of my chest. She hugged me gently. She tucked her hand inside my shirt and ran it along my back.

After half a minute or so, when I could breath again, I tried to kiss her, but she pushed me away, gently, and said softly:

"I'll kiss you on our date."

After a short while I started feeling my penis shrinking inside her. With care, I took it out of her, making sure the condom was still on it. Song pointed towards the trash can beneath her desk, and I threw it there. I laid besides her, letting my heart settle down.

Song didn't cum yet. I saw her hand on her vagina again. This time, her movements were more vigorous. She started breathing heavily. After my breathing went back to normal, I turned to her and asked:

"Is there anything I can do for you?"

She stopped for a moment and asked me:

"What did you have in mind?"

"I can lick you, if you'd like..."

"I'd like," she answered with a smile.

I got out of the bed and knelt down on the floor, resting my chest on the bed between her legs. She opened her labia with her left hand, and pointed with her right-hand index finger:

"This is my clitoris. He's a good friend of mine. He's responsible for much of my happiness. Without him, I'd be very sad. If you and I are to be together, you have to promise me you'd take good care of him."

"I promise," I said, smiling, and started licking it.

Her breathing continued to be fast, and she mumbled: "That's great, Owen, that's great". Then, after a minute or two, she asked me:

"Can you put your finger inside me?"

I put my right index finger inside her. She started moaning. Then she said:

"Can you rub it against the front wall of my vagina?"

I did as she asked, all while licking her clitoris. She said: "You're doing it great, Owen!".

After one or two more minutes, she started arching her back, saying things like: "Oh yeh, oh fuck yeh", and eventually, started shouting: "Fuck! Fuck!", and then, she stopped. She laid back, breathing heavily.

I got up, not sure what to do. My face was soaking of her juices, so I didn't want to lay on her bed and soak the sheets, but she gestured that I lay besides her.

"That was really good," she told me, as her breathing settled down a bit.

"For me too," I said.

Then she got her head up, and got closer to me. She licked my cheek that was still soaked with her juices, and then kissed it. She moved around my face, licking and kissing, until she finally got to my lips. Her kiss was gentle, and at the same time, passionate. My heart started racing again. I embraced her, caressing the back of her head, and kissed her passionately. After we broke the kiss I asked:

"I thought you were saving that for our date."

"I was," she said, "but you proved yourself worthy. We can go on that date, if you want, but as far as I'm concerned, you got the job."

"I wasn't aware this was a job interview," I said quietly, trying to look disappointed.

"It wasn't," she assured me. "I wasn't expecting anything going to bed with you, but you were very kind to me, and I liked it, and I want it. I want you."

I didn't answer. I just kissed her again.

We laid together for a while, and then I said:

"I'm sorry, it's very late, I have to go, I'm working tomorrow."

"Yeah, me too," she said.

"So, can we meet tomorrow night?" I asked, as I was getting dressed.

"I can't tomorrow night. I'm working. But we can meet the night after."

"Sure, I'd like that.," I said.

I got dressed and she walked me to the door. We kissed one last time, and I went home. I was so happy I couldn't stop smiling. Not because "I got some", and yeah, these were tough six months without sex... But no, I was happy because I never had so much fun with a girl before. I was never with a girl who was as easy going as Song around sex. She let me feel I could be myself around her. Of-course I had sex with my previous girlfriends, but there was always some tension around it. It felt like a competition. Will I be able to satisfy them? Am I going to perform better than their previous boyfriends?

With Song, it didn't feel like that at all. Although she wanted me there for the sex, she was nice to me all along. Even when she tried to arouse me, and maybe herself, with dirty words like "fuck" and "pussy", she did so pleasantly. She was kind to me, and I did my best to be kind to her. Isn't that the way this has to always work?

And so, although I knew almost nothing about her. I felt I was in love with her. Too bad I had to wait two whole days until I could see her again.

==================

I had trouble falling asleep that night. I was thinking about her all the time, but eventually, my tiredness took the better of me. On the next day I was totally out of focus. When I was at work I was smiling a lot, without any apparent reason, and tended to disconnect myself from conversations that were going on around me and think about her.

That night, when she was working, I promised myself not to contact her. I didn't know exactly what she was doing, but I saw she had hospital scrubs in her bed, so I figured she worked in a hospital, taking care of patients, and didn't want to bother her when on duty.

But at about midnight, when I still could not sleep, I decided to send her a message on WhatsApp:

"Hi Song, how is your shift going?"

"Hi Owen, I'm so happy you texted me :-) My shift is going OK, but now it's much better :-)"

Getting this message I realized I should have contacted her earlier.

"I hope I'm not interrupting anything..."

"You can always text me. If I'm busy I won't answer."

"Good to know :-)"

"Are you in bed already?" she asked me.

"Yeah, it's almost midnight..."

"Are you masturbating?"

Her question shook me a bit, but I remembered how direct she was when she talked to me, and how easy and open she was around her own masturbation, so I answered.

"Not right now... My hands are on the phone..."

"Smartass," she wrote. "Were you masturbating before? Are you planning on masturbating after we finish talking?"

"A little bit of both, I guess"

"So, you have already jerked-off a little-bit?"

"Yes"

"And you're planning to jerk-off another little bit after we're done here?"

"Yes, I think so."

"Great," she wrote. "Were you thinking about me when you masturbated?"

"Yes"

"Any specific part of me?"

She wasn't going to make it easy for me.

"Your pussy, mainly," I felt my heart racing as I wrote this. I never was so blunt with a woman before.

"Great! You just made my pussy wet," I felt my heart racing even faster after reading this reply.

"I'm glad I can help you from here," I wrote to her.

"And how can I help you from here?" she asked.

I didn't know how to reply. Turns out, this was a rhetorical question. After two minutes or so I received an image from her. It was blurry at first, but after I clicked it and it downloaded I saw the picture she took. It took me a few seconds to understand what I'm looking at. I recognized her scrubs and her bright skin. The picture was taken from about the hight of her shoulder, and it was facing down, inside her blouse. She pushed her neckline away from her, to allow the camera a peek inside. With one finger, she moved one side of her bra, to reveal her left breast. It was small and round, with a bright, small pink nipple at its end. The picture was not that clear, but the intent was crystal.

"Tomorrow, you'll see both of them, live," she wrote, "but for tonight, I gave you a small taste".

"Thanks," was all I managed to write.

"So, when you'll masturbate now, what part of me will you think about?"

"Your eyes," I answered, toying with her.

"Great answer :-D," she replied.

The conversation was interrupted as she had to go. I started masturbating again. I didn't need to look at the picture she sent me. I remembered the look of her eyes, the touch of her lips, the taste of her clitoris, and the sound of her orgasm. With that I came hard, and fell asleep right away.

==============

The next day I was still out of focus at work. All I could think about was getting out of there, and picking up Song for our date. Around lunch time I texted her, asking if 7 PM would do, and she replied affirmatively.

And 7 finally came. At 7 sharp I stopped my car next to her building. She was already there on the curb, wearing a blue jeans and a white blouse.

"Hi, Song," I said through the right window, as I stopped next to her.

"Hi Owen," she said, and entered the car.

There was a short moment of awkwardness, when I wasn't sure what would be the proper thing to do in this stage of our relationship — at the very beginning of a first date, but after we've already slept together, and kissed. Fortunately, she solved my dilemma by giving me a quick kiss on the lips.

"Where to?" she asked.

I named a nearby cafe, and she concurred.

We walked into that cafe holding hands, but not talking. We sat down at a table and started browsing through the menu.

"You have a very special name," I started the conversation.

"I have very special parents," she replied.

She told me her parents were out-of-their-generation hippies. They grew up during the 1960's, and soaked in the Anti-war atmosphere. They met in an anti-Regan demonstration in Washington DC in the early 1980's, when they were both collage students. Her dad then decided to drop out of collage and move to Northern California, where her mother went to school. They bought a small farm and started growing organic vegetables. Song grew up on that farm.

"My parents were very casual about sex," she told me. "They taught me life is better when you do not have to hide from everyone, especially from yourself."

"What do you mean? What did they do?" I asked.

"Well, you know how normal parents tell their kids they are going to take a nap, when they actually go to bed to fuck?"
