 OUR SLIDING DOORS

One hour to go! I can't sit around here anymore....I am beyond nervous.

A stroll down the busy local shopping street for a bit of retail therapy to calm the nerves.

At 12.25pm, I enter the Cafe and see him immediately. 

WOW!!! 

He looked nothing like his photo. Deep dark brown eyes with perfectly sloping eyebrows; full lips with a smile that lights up his entire face; beautiful white, straight teeth; unbelievable skin; and a perfect nose that I wanted to kiss immediately.

Who was I kidding! I suddenly felt old and haggard.

When he smiled at me, I relaxed and smiled back, feeling unexpectedly calm and composed. I walked towards him and we hugged and kissed "hello"....everything was fine. I had chatted on my yearbook with this man; spoken via telephone with this man; shared a part of me that no other has ever heard with this man....I felt my body, mind and soul relaxing as we walked to the corner table, chatting like old friends. 

We ordered coffee's and lunch, and continued chatting about anything and everything. I felt more at ease with this beautiful man than with several of my closest friends, so I relaxed into "me", and spoke with confidence and animation, no pretences needed. 

He talked and smiled, while intermittently looking into my eyes. Could he see what I was feeling? 

I looked away and continued talking, unaware of my natural ease of touching him while creating a scenario or getting a point across or laughing.

Twice he said he wanted to kiss me. Confusion reigned as I thought of his beautiful wife who he loves so much....Even this meeting was wrong....What was I doing here?

"Shall we go back to my place" I heard myself asking...

Without hesitation, his answer was, "Yes".

My heart raced....What was I doing?

I grabbed my coat and bags, and we walked up my street to my place.

I turned on the heater while he flicked on the computer to show me a few sites he had spoken about in several of our many conversations.

First he showed me the Erotic Literature site and the two articles he had written.

One was a fictional piece about his wife, himself and an unsuspecting male by-stander. It was expressive, erotic and well written, to say the least, and conjured visual images that were both exciting and startling. The second piece was a revival of a threesome he, his wife and a male friend engaged in. I felt I was intruding on an exceptionally erotic but magnificent time in his life. I appreciated his writing techniques – the use of the five senses; expressive; innovative; and so very visual – and could feel her wetness, her passion, her lust, but I also realised I had no right to feel any of these things.

He then showed me a pornographic site about everyday people filming naked women masturbating....

By now I was feeling the beautiful tingling throughout my entire body, but not because of the literature or the porn site, but because of the gorgeous man sitting beside me.

Throughout all of this, he stated on numerous occasions that he wanted to kiss me, until I finally said," How about a coffee instead?"

Smiling, he agreed to the coffee.

I walked into the kitchen, my heart racing; my strength to stay away from this wonderful married man fully intact. I filled the kettle and turned to walk back to the lounge room only to come face to face with him.

"God I want to kiss you", he said, no louder than a whisper.

He stepped closer, our eyes locked and in that instant, I knew I was lost.

I leant forward and with parted lips, softly touched his lips with the tip of my tongue. He drew me closer until I could feel my breasts crushed against his chest; until I could feel his erection hard against my clothed encased clitoris.

Oh God, I wanted this!

Our lips met and with a fervour I had suppressed for so long, I gave him my passion. We gently brushed each other's lips, our tongues touching intermittingly - exploring, teasing, tasting. 

Our kissing became deep, sensual and sexual. I wanted to touch this man with all my pent up passion, with all my pent up emotions. I wanted him to touch me until I exploded, over and over again. I wanted this man; this beautiful, sensual, intelligent married man for one afternoon.

"Shall we go upstairs," I suggested.

He smiled that beautiful smile and followed me.

On reaching my bedroom, we kissed long and hard. My body was on fire as I felt him squeeze my bottom, run his hands over my breasts and pubic bone.

I pulled away and our eyes locked. Smiling, he removed my jacket which fell to the floor, and began kissing me. His hand slid up my camisole and caressed my bra encased breasts. Oh God....I wanted – no – needed more. I removed his jacket and shirt, and felt his warm body for the first time, never breaking the kissing, which had become urgent and burning. 

I quickly removed my camisole and while kissing, unzipped his trousers until they fell in a pool on the floor. 

The kissing and touching was driving me wild with passion and desire.

He unclasped my bra, released my swollen breasts and leant down to kiss them. The feel of his tongue flicking and sucking my nipples was overwhelming.

"Lay down," I insisted.

He lay on my bed and wearing only my lacy panties, I began kissing and caressing his arms, chest, nipples, sliding my body over his to kiss him on the mouth. I slowly kissed, nibbled and sucked his warm skin, basking in his hard male body, his musky male scent.

Reaching his boxer shorts, I see the wet patch and the outline of his wonderful erect cock. I begin nibbling, sliding my fingers inside his boxers. I remove my hand and lick the pre-cum greedily off my fingers, while continually stroking him.

"Take the fucking things off," he yells, his passion now overflowing.

Smiling, I slide over his body and kiss him deeply.

"Patience," I say.

Moaning and closing his eyes, I go down on him again and touching the crotch of my lace panties, I feel my wetness oozing from my pussy. I am hot, on fire.

Kissing, nibbling, sucking, I remove his boxers. His cock – so hard – is magnificent. I run my tongue from the tip to his scrotum, caressing his testicles, then gently sucking first one, then the other, while gently pressing and stroking his perineum under his glans. I feel him shudder, hear him moan.

I begin sucking his penis until it hits the soft palate of my mouth, while gently inserting a finger into his anus. I feel his penis growing harder as I gently move my finger rhythmically in and out of his anus, my other hand following my wet mouth as I suck his cock, using the palm of my hand to roll his balls.

"Stop or I'll cum," he says quietly.

I slide up his hot, wet body and while kissing, place my finger in his mouth so he can taste himself.

He moves on top of me and while kissing, begins touching me – feather soft touches that drive me wild. 

"Fuck me," I yell.

Smiling, he begins kissing and nibbling my breasts, stomach, the top of my lace panties.

Oh God, it is almost too much to bear....

I open my legs wide in anticipation, but he slides between my legs and kisses my inner thighs while gently touching my clit through my drenched panties. I'm going crazy.....I need that sensational release!

He begins removing my panties, kissing and nibbling every inch of flesh as it comes into view.

Finally free of my panties, he kisses my inner thighs while gently parting my labia. He looks up at me, but I am lost in the moment and greedily, want more.

He sucks my labia while inserting one, then two finger inside my vagina, finding my G-spot immediately. I can feel my wetness dripping as his tongue takes the place of his fingers and he begins tongue fucking me. 

"Don't stop, don't stop," I yell.

My body arches automatically; my breathing fast and rapid.

His tongue slides onto my clitoris and using an exquisite rhythm, he circles my clit, while moving his two fingers in and out in the same rhythm.

I feel the sensational ache and heat as my body goes into orgasm, and squeezing my thighs around his head, I pinnacle into the deepest orgasm I can remember. 

"Hold me, hold me," I cry.

Tears are sliding down my cheeks as he holds and kisses me, placing his two fingers in my mouth so I can taste my orgasm.

I turn onto all fours, 

"Fuck me, fuck me hard".

Grabbing my hips, he enters me from behind. 

I begin to orgasm over and over with each thrust of his cock.

I'm in heaven.

I hear his breath coming faster and faster; feel him pumping me harder and harder.

With a loud moan, his orgasm reaches its pinnacle; I feel his cum spurting inside me.

My vagina and labia are swollen; I am filled with my juices and his cum.

Exhausted, I lie on my belly and without warning, feel him licking and sucking my pussy – I cum again with an intensity I have never felt before.

He holds me tightly and as we kiss, I bask in the taste of his cum and my juices.

We lay entwined in each other's until arms feeling the beautiful peace and tranquillity only spent sexual passion can create. 

Our energy returns quietly, leisurely.

"Would you like a shower while I make you that cup of coffee?"