 "Damn it!" I smacked my fist down on the desk. My goal was the mouse, but I missed it. 

"What's wrong?" Jason asked coming over. 

"I don't get this stupid computer stuff." I said pouting. 

He lifted his leg and slid behind me in the chair. "Let me look." He said too softly in my ear. My mind was racing, my heart was pounding, and I heard that angel on my shoulder yelling, "This is wrong."

"What did I do wrong?" I asked as my voice trembled.

"I don't see anything wrong. " He was starting to nuzzle my neck. "You smell so good."

"Jay, we can't..."

"Shhh, she's in the shower." He reached up and pulled my head back so he could kiss me. "Damn I've dreamed of this." He groaned and attacked my lips again.

Jason and Mandy were my roommates; they'd been married for 7 years. Mandy was supposed to be my best friend. Some friend I was, lusting after her husband. 

His hands slid down and found my bare legs. I showered earlier and was in my oversized flannel shirt. I only wanted to check my email and then head to bed. His fingers were warm as they ran up my legs to my pussy. I was already wet. He pushed my legs apart, slid my panties to the side and drove his finger in. I moaned in his mouth and wiggled a bit. He kissed his way to my ear and began to talk. 

"I knew you'd be wet for me. I think about it all the time. Every time I fuck her, I close my eyes and think of you. I wondered if your pussy would be warm and wet for me." He began to rub my clit with his thumb and let the other hand go higher up my nightgown. He found my nipple hard and he pinched it, then rubbed my breasts, giving them both equal attention. "When I'm in the shower jacking off, I think about your mouth sucking on me. I know you could take me, I know you want me."

"We need to stop." I tried to reason with him. Even though I wasn't exactly pushing him away.

"No we need to fuck." He nibbled on my earlobe, and continued to finger fuck me. "Let me feel you cum." He rubbed faster as we heard the shower turn off. 

I began to shake sitting there. If Mandy came out and found us we would both be dead. I wanted him to stop. I shouldn't be doing this. He leaned over and kissed me again. Who was I kidding, I wanted to feel him in me, I wanted to hold and taste and play with the cock that was poking my back. I wanted to know if it was as big as she claimed he was. Once I admitted what I wanted I felt the orgasm hit. I moaned in his mouth, pulling away biting on his lip.

He pulled his hand out and licked his fingers on his way to the kitchen. "Are you done in the shower? I want to get these dishes done!" He yelled through the wall to her.

"Yeah, go ahead." She yelled back. I sat there staring at the monitor, not remembering what I was doing. "Hey Brit, anything good in your email?"

"Not really." I said closing everything quickly. 

"Are you ok?" She looked me over thoroughly, "you look flushed."

"I had a really good letter from Robert."

"Library Robert?" She giggled conspiratorially.

"The one and only. Your idea about the secret admirer was a great one. " I stretched. "I'm off to bed...night." I smiled and sprinted to my room. Once safely behind the door I slid my panties off. They were soaked. I leaned against the door; I felt the wetness drip on my thighs. I reached down and found my hard bud, as my fingers moved across it I trembled. I wanted Jason, I wanted it to be his fingers again, his mouth or even his cock probing my wetness. He created this fire; he needed to come put it out.  

I slid a finger in, and standing against my door I fucked myself. I leaned my head back and thought of him, thought about how sexy he smells once he steps out of the shower, How he looks walking around in his boxers. How I can always make out the outline of his cock, my mouth began to water. I wanted to taste him, I wanted to suck him in and deep throat him. I wanted to make him cum like I knew she wouldn't. She always told me how she loathed blowjobs. I worked myself up fast and hard. I cried out softly, almost falling to the floor. I took a deep breath and climbed in bed. It was chilly out, so I snuggled deep in my covers and began to drift off to sleep. I heard the front door open and someone leave, and then I was out. 

"Damn your sexy in your sleep." He spoke huskily. I felt the bed dip and began to wake slightly. I'd slept alone for years; someone climbing on my bed was out of place. He pulled the blanket down so it only covered my feet; the cold air hit me fast. 

"Jason?" I asked my voice laced with sleep.

He straddled my thighs, and let his hands feel my naked belly. "I want you." He let them rub the top of my mound. Then he reached up and began to unbutton my flannel. He growled as he fought with the top button. "Fuck this!" he grabbed the bottom on both sides and ripped it open. Buttons went flying and hit the walls. "Damn, moonlight is a good color for you."

"Where?" the only coherent thought in my head.

"She left. She was meeting a friend." He reached up and massaged my breasts. "I wanna fuck you." He leaned down and kissed me hard. It wasn't a soft, I'm going to make love to you kind of kiss, it was a kiss that told me whether I wanted to or not he was going to fuck me. He slid himself down my body until we were touching from head to toe. "She's going to be gone for a long time, and I plan to make the most of it." He kissed me again then bounced up. Now he straddled my chest. I had my chance to look at his member. It was the thickest I've ever seen. He was long too. Just eyeballing it I'd say he was at least eight inches. 

"Touch him." He said making it jump and bounce. 

This was wrong. He was her husband. "You have to go Jay, I can't do this."

"Excuse me?" 

"I'm serious, I can't betray her."

He nodded slowly. He got up and I thought he was going to leave. Instead he grabbed me and flipped me over. He slapped my ass hard and without warning he slammed into me. I cried out in pain as he ripped me apart. "JAY!" I yelled, pulling on the other side of my bed to get away.

"Hell no!" He said and slapped my ass again. "You are so tight...mmmm feels so good." He held on tightly to my hips and found his rhythm. I didn't want to enjoy it. I wanted to stop him. Then my body began to betray me. His words didn't help. "It's you I've always wanted, I've waited years to claim this pussy." I moaned and began to move against him. 

"That's it, move with me baby." He moaned and let his grip loosen. I felt him rub my ass and then he spanked me again. I loved the way he filled me up. I began to tremble, and I heard him laugh, "That's it, c'mon Brittany, my cock wants to feel what my fingers did." I cried out and thought I was going to pass out. He just kept pumping away. When he felt the waves stop milking him he pulled out slowly. 

"Suck me." He groaned. I didn't have to be asked twice, I flipped around and took him in my mouth; I pushed myself to take him as deep as I could which made me to gag a bit. He grabbed my head and pushed. "All of it, I want you to take all of it." He moaned and kept a constant pressure there. I took my time slowing my breathing and in a matter of minutes had him deep throated. He let out a guttural groan and began to move his hips fucking my mouth. I sucked hard and began to play with his balls. I loved the sounds he was making; I never knew he could be so loud. "Fuck yeah...I love your mouth, suck harder...I... I" I felt him tense and I knew what was coming, I held him deep in my mouth and suckled, knowing it would be easier to swallow that way. He grunted and let go. His cum was thick and sweet. I swallowed every drop waiting for him to soften. 

I was stunned when he didn't. "I need your pussy again." He gave me a gentle push on my back. I laid back and opened my legs for him. 

"Fuck me hard." I asked breathily. He smiled down at me and wasted no time granting my request. This time I was ready for him and he slipped in easily. He still filled me completely. He kissed me as he drove his hips hard into me, and together we made all sorts of noise. 

"In...can I cum in you?" He asked barely able to breathe. 

"Yes, I want to feel it." I moaned and squeezed him. "I'm so close, make me cum again." I begged.

"You got it..." He picked up the pace and reached down. My clit was hard and throbbing, and he knew it wouldn't take much. I began to shake and smiled. "Ready?"

"MMmm, Oh Jay!!!" I cried out and came, I felt him explode deep in me. 

"Brittany, god, Brit...." He groaned and held still. Once we calmed he smiled big. "That was better than I ever dreamed."

"You're telling me."

"Our secret?" He winked and kissed me lovingly.

"You got it, our secret,"

He tucked me in, kissing me again. "I don't know that I'll be able to stay away from you. I love your lips, your mouth, your tits, your pussy..." He nipped my bottom lip. "Goodnight lover."

"G'night." I said as I drifted back to sleep.