 I tapped lightly on the door with my nails, almost more of a scratching then a knocking. I didn't want to knock loud enough to make him get up and come to the door, just enough to make him look up as I walked in. I pushed the door open without pausing and took a couple of steps into his office, pushing the door closed behind me. I stopped and looked at him sitting behind the desk with a pile of paperwork spread out in front of him. He was definitely busy working but it didn't matter. He smiled and started to speak but the surprise of seeing me there was written all over his face. 

I smiled, pleased with myself for catching him off guard. 

"I heard a celebration is in order," I said holding out a small box about 4 inches across. 

"How did you know?" he said, still smiling but still looking a little confused.

I walked around to his side of the desk and slid up next to the pile of papers. Turning slightly to face him, I parted my legs resting the toe of my right shoe on his chair. I had on a skirt a little shorter than normal on purpose. He looked down at the inside of my thigh then back up at my face. If he leaned down slightly he would be able to see my panties.... if I was wearing any. He resisted the urge to look but he leaned forward slightly and rested his hand on my thigh. I felt a slight shudder run through my body, almost like an electric shock as his fingers rested just inches from the top of my thigh. He glanced at the door, just a small nervous gesture as his hand inched upward slightly.

"I locked it behind me," I said. "And your secretary asked me to tell you that she was leaving for the day since it was already 5 minutes after quitting time."

I removed the top from the box and pulled out one perfectly decorated cupcake. I pushed a candle into the center and sat it on the desk in front of him. Scooping up a bit of icing from the side and raising it to my lips I looked at him and smiled. "Need me to help you blow that..... out?" I asked mischievously before placing my icing covered finger in my mouth and very slowly licking it clean.

"Mmmmmm," I said, licking my lips. It's amazing how much you can say without saying anything.

"I came here to give you a birthday present but first I need to know..... exactly what do you want?"

His fingers inched up just a little further so they were barely brushing my soft lips. I sucked in my breath quickly, then tried to make myself breathe normal again, not wanting him to see how affected I was by just the slightest touch. I could tell from his grin that he had noticed.

"What are my choices?" I am pretty sure he already knew the answer to that question before he asked.

"Anything you want." I said it without hesitating.

There was mischief dancing in his eyes as his fingers moved just enough to rest against my clit. I could feel myself getting wet instantly. He was looking at me with a raised eyebrow, silently questioning what was about to happen between us. We had flirted before and danced around the idea of this but we had never gotten any further than circling and thinking about it before abandoning the idea. Lack of interest, lack of time, I never really tried too hard to figure out what kept us from going there. But today I was just horny enough to lay it out there and see if he was interested. I am pretty sure that if I had sat on his desk and spread my legs and his response had been different..... maybe if he had said thanks for the cupcake and offered to walk me out, I would have left it at that not wanting to put myself on the line and get shot down. But he didn't. I had slightly parted my legs, very flirty, slightly provocative even, and he had slid his hand up my thigh, a move that said yes he welcomed the advance.

He applied a little more pressure with the finger on my clit and started lightly massaging in circles. Yes, anything he wanted. Although I have to admit that I was imagining being bent over his desk with my skirt flipped up and his hands grabbing my hips and pulling me to him. Or unzipping his pants and straddling him. More than anything I wanted to feel him inside of me.

He leaned forward towards me until his lips were almost touching mine. I leaned into him, parting my lips for the softest kiss.

"Oh yes, anything," I purred as his middle finger slid backwards parting my pussy lips. I could feel my wetness oozing over his fingers as his index finger continued working in circles around my clit.

My eyes closed involuntarily as the little waves of pleasure started washing over me. I could feel my hips starting to rock against the movement of his fingers. I could feel him watching me, gauging my reactions, planning his response. He was probably smiling, feeling smug at how quickly he had me under his control.

"Anything," he said mostly to himself. "Good."

Without warning he removed his fingers from between my legs. My eyes shot open and my whole body rocked forward towards him. I know I whimpered. I bit my lip to keep from crying out. Or maybe to just keep from begging him to touch me again. After all, I had just told him that he could have anything he wanted and I wasn't about to start complaining already.

"On your knees," he said softly with a firmness in his voice that I had never heard before. I paused for a second, a little surprised and mostly just letting it sink in what he was saying. "Don't make me tell you twice," he said in response to my hesitation.

Immediately I slid off the desk and dropped to my knees between his feet. I was looking up at him waiting for instructions. I was pretty sure I knew what he wanted but I waited. His hands went to my face, softly stroking across my cheeks till his fingertips came to rest against my lips. I parted my lips and lightly kissed his fingers. A simple act that conveyed the respect and the submission I was feeling. Most men wouldn't get that but I could tell that he did. He stroked my face softly again, this time resting his fingers under my chin then raising my chin so I was looking him directly in the eyes. He paused, then smiled.

"Suck my cock."

The words sent a little shiver of excitement through my body and he knew it. I unfastened his pants, releasing the bulge that I had been watching grow as he touched me. He ran his fingers through my hair, twisting them around a handful and gently pushed me down as I released his cock.

"Suck it," I heard him demand a little louder as I wrapped my lips around the head, flicking the drop of precum off with my tongue, savoring his taste before parting my lips further and relaxing as he pushed my head further down on his growing shaft. I took as much as I could in my mouth before pulling back and licking all the way to the head again. I was out of practice. There was a time when I could have easily taken his full length into my mouth, relaxing as I felt the head bump against the back of my throat. But now I had not given a blowjob in months. Actually I could count on one hand the number of times I had sucked off a man in the last 4 or 5 years. The opportunity just had not presented itself. But now I was on my knees at his feet and he was pushing my head down on his hard cock as far as I could take it, until I would start to gag. Then he would pull me up by the hair and let me catch my breath before pushing me back down again. After a few times pulling me up and letting me breathe, he pushed me down on him again, only this time instead of pulling me up when I gagged, he pressed his hand firmly against the back of my head. I panicked slightly wanting to fight and come up for air but his hand held me firmly in place. He was talking to me, telling me what he wanted from me, holding me there until I relaxed. Then he pressed a little harder. I could feel the head of his cock against the back of my throat. He wanted me to take all of him. He wanted to fuck my mouth. My throat. I loved the feeling of the smooth head sliding back and forth across my tongue. The feeling of his cock pressing against my throat making me gag. His fingers tangled in my hair forcing me back down on him. I could hear him talking to me in a low and steady voice, telling me to suck him telling me how good it felt, urging me to be a cocksucking slut for him. I wrapped the fingers of my right hand around the base of his shaft and stroked as my mouth went up and down on him. He was still holding me by the hair controlling the speed and the pressure. My fingers on my left hand slipped into the wetness between my legs. I was so aroused from sucking him that I was almost ready to cum without being touched.

I don't know how long he continued pulling me up and down on his hard cock, fucking my mouth, making me take it down my throat. I lost track of time while I was so wrapped up in the pleasure of serving him. I made myself cum with my fingers but he kept using my mouth so I kept rubbing my clit and came again. But I was still aroused. My knees ached from kneeling. My jaw hurt from holding open for his big cock so long. My pussy was dripping and just wanted to be fucked. My nipples were so hard that they ached. But I sucked harder and deeper just wanting to feel him shoot his hot sticky cum deep in my throat.

And finally I did. I could feel the throbbing under my tongue. Just a slight pulsing. Then he paused, pushing deep in my throat making me gag before fucking me even harder. I leaned into it, pushing the head as deep as it would go. I didn't want to miss a drop as he shot his cum deep inside of me. Even if it wasn't my pussy.

When he stopped thrusting I left my mouth wrapped around him, not licking or sucking, just holding him in my mouth as he grew limp. Those last few drops oozed out into my mouth and I savored the taste of them. I was happy. I had made him cum with my mouth. I was proud of myself.

After he caught his breath, he pulled my head back and looked me in the eyes again.

"Were you playing with yourself while you were sucking my cock?"

I didn't want to answer. I didn't think he would care but maybe I was wrong.

"Yes sir," I answered a little timidly.

"Stand up," he ordered sternly. I stood up and he put his hands on my hips and turned me around. "Lean over."

I leaned over the desk and he lifted my skirt up revealing my bare bottom.

"Now touch yourself," he ordered. 

I slipped my fingers between my legs and started rubbing my clit again. I was close to cumming.

"And don't stop rubbing until I am finished with your spanking."

I cringed. I wasn't really expecting a spanking but I wasn't in any position to protest. 

"You are getting ten licks," he said. "Half because you were touching yourself when you should have been concentrating on pleasuring me. And the other half because it's my birthday and I want to see my red handprint on your ass."

I spread my feet to brace myself and started rubbing my clit. As his hand came down on my bottom with the first lick, I could tell that I would cum before he got to ten.