 I originally wrote this years ago and ended up not publishing it, but a new friend encouraged me to publish it now. Thank you, Picardi300:) 

This isn't the complete story; let me know what you think and maybe I'll post the rest :)

*****

Do you have any idea what would happen if we were ever in a room together? I do. We'd look at each other, but try not to. We'd keep our hands off each other, knowing that the moment we touched neither of us would be able to stop, working so hard to never be left alone in a room together. Stolen glances from across the room, the look in your eyes when you see another man talking to me, his fingers grazing my elbow. He runs them up and down my arm as he leans close to me, whispering in my ear, his intent clear. Your eyes are dark, almost black. You want to cross the room, make him stop talking to me, stop touching me, but you can't. No one here knows about us. No one here knows how close we once were, how much we still feel for each other. So you stay where you are. His hand on my shoulder now, he continues whispering in my ear. I look into your eyes, seeing the look there, the passion, the fire. Nothing has changed. 

As soon as you walked in, I knew it was going to be a hell of a night. A test in restraint, keeping my hands off of you, staying across the room trying not to look at you. The way your body moves as you walk around the room. The look in your eyes as your chocolate gaze met mine from across the room. The look that told me he would never touch you. Not like I did. No one will ever touch you the way I did. The way I still want to. I wish I could stop this guy from talking to you. Tell him to keep his hands to himself. But I can't. No one here knows about us. No one here knows how close we once were, how much we still feel for each other. So I stay where I am, watching.

This guy is starting to get on my nerves. He's known me all of five minutes and already he's whispering in my ear all the things he wants to do to me. He doesn't even know my name. He actually thinks I'm leaving with him. He really thinks that I'm going to go home with him. I wonder if he'd be upset to know that the only thing I plan to do once I leave here is get something to eat, go back to my hotel, and take off this dress. He tells me that he wants to take me home and make love to me all night. Please, no one can do that. Well, no one except you. Yes, I remember. I laugh and tell him that I can't. It's late and I have an early flight. I don't but he doesn't need to know that. He asks why I came if I have to leave early in the morning. I tell him that I came to see an old friend and he laughs and walks away. Looking at you, I smile and walk toward the door, wondering if I'll see you again. On my way back to the hotel, I stop for something to eat. Lost in thought, I don't notice the cashier in the window trying to give me my change. Apologizing, I take the change and my order, and drive back to the hotel. Once in my room, I set my food on the table and take off my dress and shoes. Uninterested in the food, I hang up my dress and lay down on the bed. A few minutes later, so lost in thought, I don't hear the knock at the door right away. Once I do, I put on the robe at the end of the bed and go to the door. Looking through the peephole, I see you. How did you know where I was? Oh my God.

Watching you leave was one of the hardest things I've ever had to do. But I can't let you leave without seeing you again. I have to find you so we can talk. It's been so long, too long. For years, I've been thinking about you, wondering and I have to know. I walk outside just as you're driving away, so I get into my car hoping I'm not too late to catch up with you. After driving around for a few minutes, I see you pulling out of a drive through and I follow you. I follow you to your hotel, staying a few cars back so you don't see me. I pull in across the lot from you and watch you get out and go inside then I wait a few seconds, and walk in behind you. I watch you get on the elevator, then wait to see which floor you get off on. The elevator stops on the sixth floor and someone is just getting off the other one, so I may make it just in time to see what room you go into. The elevator stops and I get off, seeing you go into the room at the end of the hall. After you go in, I walk to your door and back to the elevator twenty times trying to decide if I should knock or not. I want to see you so badly but I know that once I'm in that room, just seeing you won't be enough. I should get back on the elevator and leave but, what if I never see you again? No, I can't let that happen. I take a deep breath, walk to your door, and knock. Oh God.

What do I do? I realize that you probably followed me here so you know I'm in here. Taking a deep breath, I open the door. You look even better than I remember. You smile and I ask if you want to come in. You tell me you're not sure that's a good idea. I say you're already here and you come in. God, you smell good. I close the door and pull the sides of my robe a little tighter together, wishing I had some clothes on. All I'm wearing under this robe is a bra and panties and you being here with me is making me very aware of it. You walk all the way across the room, as if putting distance between us is going to make what we're feeling right now go away. It won't. You're giving me that look, but trying not to; I remember that look. I know what it means. You're wondering what I'm wearing under my robe. You ask me why I came to the party, the real reason. I laugh. You know me so well; you always did. I tell you that I came because I wanted to see you. Why else would I go? I ask if you knew I'd been invited. You did, but didn't know if i was coming or not. I ask if you're glad I came. You give me that "of course" look. You start to walk toward me, but stop. I can't breathe. You come a little closer; your hands fisted at your sides. Just the thought of your hands on me makes my knees shake. You look me up and down, asking me what I'm wearing under my robe. You come a little closer. Close enough to touch if I take one step forward and reach out my hand. I take the step. Reaching out my hand, I touch your cheek softly. You close your eyes, moaning. I love that sound. It means you're losing control. So am I.

I'm actually afraid you won't open the door. Despite my fear though, I know you will. And then you do. God, you look good, so good. You ask if I want to come in and I say I'm not sure that's a good idea. You say I'm already here. I come in and walk all the way across the room, hoping that putting some distance between us will make what we're feeling right now go away. I know it won't. Trying to think about anything other than what you're wearing, or not wearing under your robe, I ask why you came to the party, the real reason. You laugh. I don't need to ask, but I want, I need to hear you say it. You say you came because you wanted to see me. You have no idea what hearing that does to me. Maybe you do. You ask if I knew you'd been invited. I did, but I didn't know if you were coming or not. You ask if I'm glad you came. Of course I am. I start to walk toward you, but stop. I can't breathe. Just the thought of touching you makes my hands shake. I move a little closer, my hands fisted at my sides. I'm looking up and down your body wondering what's under your robe. I move a little closer. Close enough that all you have to do is take a step forward and you'll be able to reach out and touch me. You take the step. My heart is beating so fast. You reach out your hand and gently touch my cheek. I close my eyes, moaning. I'm losing control. I'm losing control fast.

I've missed this, seeing you out of control like this. Trying to compose yourself yet on the verge of losing it completely. You ball up your fists tighter so you don't reach out and grab me, not that I would stop you. I bring my other hand up to your face and you open your eyes. I look into your eyes and I can tell you're fighting for control. I should stop. We shouldn't do this. One of us has to be the voice of reason. I should stop but I can't. It's been so long and I want you so much. I need you. One kiss, I tell myself. One kiss and that'll be enough. Yeah, right. I run my thumb across your bottom lip then move closer to you, aligning my body with yours. You open your mouth as if to say something but stop and just look at me; that look. Mmmmmm. I lean forward and touch my lips to yours, softly at first but your lips soon take over. Your hands are still fisted at your sides so I take one and put it on my waist. At first you leave it there, just as I left it but as our kiss deepens, your grip tightens. You pull me into you, hard, my arms winding around your neck. God, yes! This is what I've been missing, what I've been wanting; to feel your body against mine. Yes, yes, yes! This is when you lose control.

I can't believe you're touching me. I've been thinking about this for years and now I'm standing in front of you and your hands are on me. God, this feels good, so very good. My control is slipping by the second. My hands are still fisted tightly at my sides. I can see the fight in your eyes and I know what you're thinking. One of us has to be the voice of reason. We shouldn't do this. But can we help ourselves? I already know I can't and I can see you fighting for control too. I can feel it in your touch. So soft, but telling me so much. Your other hand comes to my face. I'm not sure I'm breathing just now, then you run your thumb across my bottom lip and I know I've stopped breathing. You come closer to me; I can feel you against me now. Any rational thought I may have been having is gone. You smell so good. I bet you taste just as good, I know you do. I know this look on your face. You want me. I want you too. I want you in every conceivable position; on every surface of this room, whichever is closest first. Your thumb still on my lip, I open my mouth the say something but I can't remember what it was I was going to say. Looking at you, I tell myself I just need one kiss. Just one will be enough. Sure. I don't believe that. I know this look. You lean towards me and touch your lips to mine. Your lips are so soft. So softly your lips touch mine. I need more, so I deepen the kiss, taking over. You take my hand and put it on your waist. As the kiss deepens, my grip on your waist tightens and I pull you into me. I love the way you feel against me. I love kissing you. I love the way your arms feel around me, the way you feel in my arms. Oh God. Fuck control.

Whatever was left of our control is gone. Though, I'm pretty sure mine was gone the second I saw you at the door. Your hands are everywhere, my face, hair, down my back, grabbing my ass and pulling me into you even more. God, you feel so good; like coming home. You pull back and look at me, your hand going to the tie on my robe and you ask what I'm wearing underneath it. I laugh nervously. Not because you've never seen me naked, but because it's been a long time. My body's changed since the last time we were together. You put your hand on my cheek and turn my face towards yours. You kiss me, sliding your tongue across my bottom lip. Your hands going down my robe, you pull the ties, separating the sides, sliding it off my shoulders and onto the floor. You step back and look at me, standing in front of you in my underwear. 

Smiling, we're both smiling. You're giving me that look and I know that look. I love that look. Still smiling, I step forward and begin unbuttoning your shirt. You're watching me. I like it when you watch me. The last button undone, I push the shirt off your shoulders and let it fall on the floor. I run my hands down your chest and stomach, around your waist, down to your jeans. I unbutton them, pull down the zipper, and push them down your legs until they join your shirt and shoes on the floor and you stand in front of me in your boxers. You pull me to you, your arms going around my back; you unhook my bra. My heart is beating so fast as you take my bra off and throw it on the floor with the rest of our clothes. You hold me so tight against you, like you never want to let me go. It feels so good, you holding me like this.

Control is gone. It's gone and I don't care. I have no control over where my hands are. I just know I'm touching you and I can't stop. My hands squeezing your ass, I pull you into me. You feel so good, like coming home. I have to know what you're wearing under the robe, so I ask you. You laugh nervously. I doubt it's because you're nervous. You are so beautiful. I kiss you, sliding my tongue across your bottom lip; you taste so good. My hands go to the ties of your robe, pulling them. I separate the sides, sliding the robe off your shoulders and onto the floor. I step back and look at you. My heart may beat right out of my chest. Smiling, you step forward and start unbuttoning my shirt. You run your hands down my chest and stomach, around my waist, down to my jeans. I'm so hard, my dick is trying to rip through my pants. You slide the shirt off my shoulders and let it fall to the floor. I'm watching you. I like watching you undress me, so sexy. You unbutton my jeans, pull down the zipper and push them down my legs until they join my shirt and shoes on the floor and only my boxers are left on. I pull you to me, my hands going around your back and I unhook your bra. I can feel your heart beating against my chest; its rhythm matches mine. I take off your bra and throw it on the floor. I hold you so tight against me. I don't ever want to let you go. You feel so good. After all this time, we're together again and it feels damn good.

Your heart is beating so fast, like mine. You run your hands up and down my back, your fingertips along my spine. You kiss my neck. Mmmmmm, that feels so good. Your hands on my hips, your grip tightening every second, you start to kiss your way down my body. My shoulders and breasts, continuing down my stomach until you're on your knees in front of me. You look up at me, your fingers hooked into the sides of my panties. You slide them down my legs and help me step out of them, then throw them across the room. You laugh but I can tell you're holding back, trying to slow down. Please don't slow down. After what seems like an eternity, you kiss me, a deep, tongue-thrusting kiss that makes my legs shake and has me leaning against the wall. I try to pull you up but you keep going until I'm almost screaming and can barely stand. You stand up and kiss me. I start to go to my knees for you but you stop me, saying you can't wait anymore so I push your boxers down and you kick them off. You pick me up and I wrap my legs around your waist. 

Holding me up against the wall, you push inside me. Oh, you feel so good. For a second, you're still, just looking at me. My hand on your cheek, I kiss you and you start to move. Slowly at first, but soon you're going faster, both of us breathing harder. Our hearts are beating so fast, I swear I can feel them both inside me with you. Pulling me away from the wall, you carry me across the room and lay with me on the bed, never pulling away from me. You look down at me and smile, then lean down and kiss me. You make love to me as if it's the last thing you'll ever do, as if we have the rest of our lives. Almost as though you're reading my mind, you thrust harder, faster. My nails scratch down your back. I'm almost there, and I can tell you are too. I tighten my legs around you and you thrust harder, deeper, as deep as you can possibly go. We're both barely breathing and so close, I can feel it. I bite down on your shoulder and at the same time, you groan in my ear. You're still inside me, moving slowly now, looking down at me. Oh. My. God.

I can feel my heart beating all over my body, almost like I'm going to explode. Holding you close like this feels so good. Kissing your neck, I run my hands up and down your back. My hands on your hips, I kiss my way down your body, your neck, your shoulders, your breasts; sucking each of your nipples into my mouth. As I kiss your stomach, I slide your panties down your legs and help you step out of them. I throw them across the room and look up at you. I'm trying to slow down but I don't think I can. I kiss you, deep, thrusting my tongue inside you. I feel you trying to pull me up but I keep going. When I stop, you're leaning against the wall and biting your lip trying not to scream. I stand and kiss you deeply, your fingers digging into my shoulders. You kiss my neck and start to go to your knees for me but I stop you. I can't wait anymore. I have to be inside you now. I pick you up and you wrap your legs around me. I've dreamed about this and it feels so good. Your back against the wall, I push inside you. Just for a second, I stand there holding you, throbbing deep inside you. 

Your hand on my cheek, you kiss me and I start to move inside you, slowly at first, then faster, deeper. I should slow down, at least loosen my tight grip on you; I don't want to hurt you. But I can't. I have to keep going, have to have all of you. I lift you off the wall and carry you across the room to the bed. Looking down at you, you smile and kiss me. I've missed this, making love to you. My heart feels like it's going to beat out of my chest. The look on your face, the sounds you make, your nails digging into my skin, all make me go faster, harder, deeper. You tighten your legs around me as I deepen my thrusts; I can tell you're close and so am I. With each thrust, I bury myself deeper and deeper inside you, as deep as I can possibly go. We can barely breathe and we're so close. I can feel it building up in both of us. You bite down on my shoulder and I groan loudly. Moving slowly inside you now, I look down at you. Oh. My. God. 

For years, I've wondered what this would be like, being with you again. It's been too long and you feel so good. I don't ever want this to end, but it has to right? I know it does, but not yet. There are so many thoughts going through my head right now. You kiss me and all thought leaves my mind. I can feel you growing inside me again and I push you onto your back so that I'm on top of you. You smile at me, your hands on my hips.