 The day started off simply, like so many others. I woke up to give you a soft kiss before you headed out to run, and then to work, then rolled back over to sleep. But, I knew what was really happening. I saw you leave, heard your footsteps padding outside and heading to the beach.

The gentle crash of the waves and your feet hitting the pavement merged, and then the sounds of you faded. I quickly rolled over, and hopped into the shower. I knew tonight was going to be special. 

I became a flurry of activity, cleaning the entire house for when you came home, preparing everything just so. I ran out to do some shopping, to get some extra special ingredients for dinner and after.

Almost before I realised it, I heard your car pulling back up from your day. I heard you come in and call for me.

"Up here, on the balcony," I responded.

I see you walk through the door, a vision of health and fitness in your yellow top and skin tight black pants, and smile warmly at you. 

"Come on, this'll keep," I say to you. You can smell the salmon cooking on the grill. 

I take you by your hand and lead you into the bathroom. You can see my efforts here. The tub is filled with the lovely foam of a bubble bath, the steam sliding slowly off it. I watch all the stress of your day melt away from your face in an instant. 

I walk over to you, and kiss you deeply, my fingers slowly exploring and tickling your back, feeling the tight cloth of your outfit stretching as I tease you. I pull your top quickly over your head, and pause a moment, mesmerized by your perfect perky breasts, noticing how your nipples are already standing at attention. 

I can't resist such an invitation, and bring my lips down to cover first one, then the other nipple, slowly flickiing my tongue across the very tip, then pulling your nipple deeper into my mouth, slowly nibbling, my tongue never stopping it's motion against your rock hard nipple. 

"mmmm tasty dear....must have been a rough day," I say with a wicked smile, tasting the saltiness of the dried sweat on you. 

You simply moan at the tender ministrations of my tongue on your nipple.

I begin to slowly roll your pants down off your body, seeing the lovely shape of your stomach, the fine tone of your legs and give your other nipple a quick pinch with my free hand. 

I take a step back, offering you my hand so you can step out of the pants, and drink your form in. You can see the growing bulge in my shorts as I slowly and erotically survey you from top to bottom. I step forward again, seeing you there naked and kiss you, loving the press of your body against mine, the smell of your hard day filling my nose, and overcoming me. 

Without warning, almost in the middle of the kiss, I begin to slowly drop to my knees in front of you, and slide my tongue down your body, between your breasts, slowly down the lovely crease of tight flesh between your stomach muscles, savoring the taste and the feel of you against my tongue.

I slip down over your freshly shaved pussy, parting your lips with my tongue, licking deeply into you, pressing my tongue and probing for that one spot inside you. Tasting your wetness and your need for my tongue.

I push deeper into you, slowly circling inside you, while my fingers begin dancing down your stomach, slowly tickling to your clit. I pinch it softly, rolling it between my thumb and finger, feeling it harden as I lick you.

My fingers and tongue move faster as I feel your knees begin to weaken. I cup your lovely ass with my hands to hold you up as you up, and push my tongue deeper into you. I feel the first burning crash of your orgasm, and drink it in, my tongue working inside you and pushing on you. 

The soft moan of pleasure that escapes your lips is echoed by my hum inside you, wrapping my lips around your pussy lips, slowly stimulating them further with the teasing action of my voice.

As I drink in the last drops of you, I stand up again, and kiss you warmly, sharing your taste with you. I sit on the marble edge of the tub, and hold out my hand to bring you into it.

On the edge, I begin to slowly massage your shoulders, teasing you further, at the same time, pulling the last of the stress from your shoulders. Working slowly down your arms, feeling your tight muscles there, kneading them softly with the soap bubbles. I bring your hand to my mouth, sucking gently on each of your fingers, smiling at you all the while.

I put your hand back into the steaming water, and work my way down the other arm, kissing the back of your hand softly. 

"I'm sure you can finish up here, love," I say with a wicked grin.

I go check our dinner and call back to you "come join me when you're ready."

In a few minutes, you walk outside and join me at the table on the balcony. You give me a wicked grin, dressed only in your robe. Our dinner passes in a blur of conversation, sharing and happiness, just content to be with each other.

As I stand up to begin clearing the plates, you walk over to me and grin wickeldy. "My turn," you say with a smile.

You stand up in front of me, and pull the robe off your shoulders, showing your totally naked body to me. I can smell your desire, as it builds between your legs. The view, the smell, the feel of you in front of me, pushing me back down into the chair is almost overwheling and i'm instantly aroused.

You reach forward and begin stroking me through my shorts, teasing my already hard cock, making sure it's totally ready for you. 

You drop to your knees and pull me out of my shorts, slipping my shirt over my head and begin kissing my cock, softly at first then with greater passion and desire.

You take it into your mouth, and eagerly suck my hard cock. Tasting the precum seems to drive you into a frenzy of desire, faster and faster on me, tickling my smoothly shaved balls working the head with your talented tongue.

With a loud growl, I cum deep into your mouth, filling you. You stand and kiss me, the taste of my cum still fresh in your mouth, and I savor the feel of your lips against mine.

With a gentle push, I lean you up against the railing of the balcony, your perfect ass facing me, and I drop to my knees again, slowly licking up the back of your leg, feeling your body underneath my tongue as I tease you. 

I dip my head between your legs and begin licking you again. My tongue working only on your clit, tasting your need, feeling how wet you are from having me in your mouth.

I suck on your clit, pulling it into my mouth, flicking my tongue across it, holding you steady in my teeth. I can feel your need growing faster, and my cock begins to swell again.

i stand behind you, and slowly slip my cock into your wet waiting pussy, slowly at first, fucking you from behind. I work the pace faster and faster as I feel your need build, my desire growing with each stroke. 

I wrap my fingers in your hair, pulling your head back to kiss you. The kiss brings my lust and need for you to a point. Sharing and tasting each other, feeling you tight around me. I moan into the kiss, sending a hum through our lips and tongues as they dart across each other, feeling the love growing.

I hear the sound of my cock sliding in and out of you, so wet and ready for me, the slap of my hips against your lovely ass. The waves crash on the beach across the way, seemingly in time with my cock inside you. The waves beating like your building orgasm. My low grunt announces how ready I am too, and finally with a hard thrust, I cum deep inside you. 

I feel your pussy clench around me, gripping me tighter as you lose control and orgasm with a joyous cry. I hold you up, my cock stil inside you, filling you as I grow soft.

I slowly pull out and hold you against me tightly, kissing you deeply. With a final sigh, I pull from the kiss, and simply say "I love you my dearest."