 I pull my still hard cock out of your cumm filled pussy, and I basically pick you up. I carry you out into the living room as you snake your tongue into my mouth, and you reach down and start to stroke my hard cock which barely fits in your hand. I tell you lick your hand clean, and you look at me like you are hesitant and then you sensually lick from your wrist all the way to your finger tips. You then suck on your fingers, god you look so slutty like that and I love it!

I lay you on your back across your coffee table with your feet flat on the top so your legs fall all the way open. Spreading your pussy all the way open for the whole world to see, and I grab the neck line of the corset and rip it open exposing your beautiful tits with your hard nipples. They look so good I reach down and pinch and twist them. You start to moan, and you tell me that you love to have your tits played with. I ask how you like to have them licked, sucked and bitten, but before you can respond my mouth is clamped around the further one. My hand squeezes and plays with the other tit. I then snake my other hand down to your pussy and I lightly drag my fingers from the back to the front lightly pulling my nails across your asshole, the very sensitive skin between your asshole and your pussy, then you're soaked and dripping cumm covered pussy lips, and then finally your hard little clit. As soon as I hit that clit you explode and start to get loud, so I stuff the handiest thing in your mouth to keep you quiet and god does it feel good to have your mouth around my hard cumm covered cock. Ok, Now I am really horny, so I detach my mouth from your tit and rise up so I can watch my cock fuck your mouth with your bright red lipstick. I am fucking 3 fingers into your pussy now and rubbing your clit with my thumb. 

I ask if you like the taste of your cumm on my cock and you try to nod your head yes as you try to take more of my down your throat, so I think I know how to accomplish that so with my cock in your mouth and most of my fingers in your pussy I pull you till your head hangs over the edge of the table. I then start to ram my cock down your throat and you are sucking even harder as I fuck your face. You are loving this and your pussy is still pulsing out more of your cumm. I start to feel the hot air coming out of your nose tickling my balls and it is making get close to cumming, and this time I don't even warn you I just continue to fuck your red lips as hard as I can until I flood your mouth and throat with my cumm. You just suck harder and don't let any of it escape your lips. I pull my hand away from your pussy and drag my dripping with pussy juice hand across your stomach and then your tits, and then I shove it back in and then pull it back out dripping again. I then wipe it all across your face, and then I pull my now semi-hard cock out of your mouth and feed it my hand with your pussy juice all over it. You have this totally lust filled stare as devour my hand trying to get more of your juice off of my hand. I finally pull it away from your mouth and then pull you up to a sitting position and start to lick your face clean of all the juices on it. Ok we taste good together.

I then tell you to bend over the table. I get behind you and run my hand over your ass and then spank it( but not to hard) and then I bend over and kiss it as I reach y hand between your legs and slide my thumb up your pussy and use my fingers to play with your pussy lips and your clit. You are pushing back harder and harder on my hand and then I dip my head between your legs and move my thumb and replace it with my very hungry long tongue. I then start to lap up your cumm and tongue fuck your pussy, and you really start to push back onto my face which slips between your ass cheeks and I am in heaven. I then snake my arms under the front of your thighs and lift your ass, pussy, and legs till your thighs are on my shoulders. I now have total access to you and am in complete control of the situation. I latch my mouth over your entire pussy and shove my tongue in and out of your pussy. I then reach around your stomach and lift you even further and you then realize I am standing up eating your pussy and holding you. You feel my hard cock poke you in the side of the head so you start to stroke it and then you suck my balls into your wonderful mouth and I am shaking with animalistic need and you start to squirt up into my face like a fountain and I try to catch as much as I can and swallow it but a lot of the geyser gets away from me and slides back down over your body. 

I turn and place you on the couch on your back. I then tell you to sit with your back against the back of the couch. You do then I slide my arms under your knees and spread you open. You take the hint and grab my cock, and guide it to your pussy. As soon as you place the inside you I shove it all the way in with one thrust and you gasp because I think I just hit your cervix. I then pull your ass to the edge of the couch and really start to pound your pussy. The look on my face is pure lust filled animal, and I think I even growl some. You here my balls slap your ass with every thrust and then I slide your legs off my shoulders and push them together in front of my chest to help make you pussy even tighter. And I lean against them which pushes them apart but I don't care I reach between them and grab the back of your head and pull you forward into a forceful kiss. Our tongues fight to try to get into the others mouth. This continues for about 10 minutes then I slide my head to the side of your head and I start to kiss and lick your neck. You moan because your neck especially behind your ears is very sensitive and then I latch onto your throat and begin to gnaw and suck on it and that does it for you. You begin to convulse and writhe all over and then I pull my head away and grab your legs and pull you hard to me with each thrust driving myself even deeper into your pussy until I start to cumm then it is small rotations as I let spurt after spurt go into your pussy. I then collapse on top of you. And you wrap me in a tight embrace, and I drift to sleep. You slide me over after a few minutes and I slip from between your legs you lay me on the couch and kiss my forehead and put a blanket over me. And then go to get cleaned up and go back to bed. And all you can think is that I will be there for another 2 days.......

*

End part 2. Hope you enjoy and let me know what you did and did not like. So I can try to make these better!