 For my special muse, Jo

I glance at my watch and see that it is time for you to arrive. I watch the door to the mall, knowing that you will be on time. Soon I see you coming through the entrance, glancing toward center court, searching for me. When you see me, you pick up your pace. I put aside my book and rise to greet you. We hug, a long, firm hug of greeting, then kiss a passionate kiss of promise.

We sit and chat, catching up on recent events and life's ups and downs. As I listen to your voice, with your leg pressed against mine, my cock begins to get hard. Your voice reminds me of our many other encounters, and those memories trigger my innermost desires. In my mind, I envision myself slowly unbuttoning your dress and lowering you back onto the bench cushion. With one hand I caress your beautiful braless breasts, while my other hand seeks your precious pussy. Your legs part, and just as I find the dampness of---a child nearby screams with joy, and I am jolted back to reality. You are fully clothed and telling me about your day as my mind refocuses on the present.

You ask why we are here at the mall. As I talk, you look around. The mall is nearly empty because it is near closing time. I tell you I have chosen this time on purpose, so we will not be disturbed. I outline my plan, and your eyes twinkle with anticipation. You say you are ready. I take your hand and lead you to the place I have selected for tonight's adventure.

I move ahead and take a seat on a bench. You move past me and enter the shoe store. A young salesman, perhaps in his mid-twenties, moves forward to greet you. You are the only customer in the store, so you have his full attention. You point out several styles you wish to try on, and then you take a seat at the end of a row of chairs where I have a clear view of your back. 

You shrug off your coat and put it beside you. The salesman returns with several boxes and places them at your feet. He pulls up a stool and sits before you. You raise your foot, and he grasps it at the ankle. I imagine his touch sending a shudder through you. He removes your shoe, and replaces it with one that he has brought. You stand up to see how it feels, and as you sit back down you lift your dress up so that it falls at mid-thigh when you sit back down. I know that you are about to start the game, and my cock throbs in anticipation. 

Once you are seated, he removes your shoe and replaces it with another. As he does so, I can see your left leg move outward as you spread your legs apart. I watch the salesman's expression change to surprise as he peers between your legs trying to pierce the shadows. I know that you are wearing crotchless pantyhose without panties, so that there is nothing to obstruct his view. You stand, as if testing the feel of the shoe, then sit again with your dress raised still higher. The darkness is beginning to part, and I know that now he can see the sparkle of your shaved pussy.

Before he has time to enjoy the view you have provided for him, you send him off to get a pair of knee high boots. As he retrieves them, he glances toward me, but I have my head buried in my book. He dismisses any thought of me, returning to you to see what you have to offer as he ends his shift. 

As he kneels before you, he takes one of the boots and begins sliding it onto your foot. I can not see what is going on, but I can tell that he is tugging on the tight fitting boot to make it slide up your leg. As he does so, you part your legs, providing him with an unencumbered view of your shaved cunt framed between the edges of your crotchless panties. As he stares at your exposed charms, he speaks, and in response you slide down in the chair, providing him with a better view. I see you spread your legs father apart, and I know that now he can see your pussy lips which by now are engorged with blood and beginning to flare out, exposing the redness within. 

As he zips the boot, his hand moves up your leg to your knee, but it does not stop where the zipper ends. Instead it keeps going, moving up between your spread thighs, seeking your luscious cunt. I can tell when his fingers first touch your pussy, because his touch causes your body to jerk slightly in response. 

I imagine his fingers gliding along your slit, spreading your juices over your engorged lips and clit. Your head falls back slightly, and I know that you have closed your eyes so you can focus on the sensations being generated between your spread thighs. The salesman must take this a sign of invitation, because he slides one of his fingers up into your inviting pussy. Finding that you do not object, he pushes a second finger inside you. He stops and stares at his fingers buried inside your cunt. He glances around, but the mall is empty and he knows he will not be disturbed. 

He begins to move his hand, slowly fucking you with his fingers. I imagine the aroma of your hot pussy as I see your body begin to move in response to his movements. You slide farther down, legs fully spread, your mind focused on your cunt and the feel of his stiff fingers probing your gooey depths here in the center of a public mall. I see your head begin to bob as you thrust forward against his hand, trying to impale yourself more deeply on his fingers. His thumb massages your clit as he finger fucks you. His face is only a foot from your cunt as he watches, totally absorbed in the flare of your cunt lips and the trickle of juices around his fingers. 

As I watch, I see your movements become more animated, and I know that you are about to cum. Your head is moving from side to side, and your body is bouncing on the seat. I imagine that the salesman is having a hard time keeping his fingers inside you as your body jerks about. I envision the swelling of your cunt lining as you cum, pressing on his fingers, caressing him with your inner flesh, squeezing your juices out in a torrent, slathering his fingers with your essence. I believe I hear a moan, but I can't be sure, as your rock to your climax. And then your are still.

The salesman kneels before you, his fingers buried inside you. Your head is still back, your eyes closed, as he slowly draws his fingers out and replaces them with his lips. Again I seek an involuntary jerk, but you do not move to reject his tongue. I imagine his tongue moving around your pussy, licking up your tasty juices. He caresses your clit, pushing aside its hood and nibbling on its tip, causing you to writhe in ecstasy. He moves on and sucks each of your engorged lips into his mouth, using his tongue to clean and explore every crevice. Again you are moving about in your chair as his tongue explores your hidden charms, dipping inside your splayed pussy, teasing down to your asshole and then gliding back up to your clit. I know you are enjoying this treatment because it is one of the things you enjoy most. Having it administered by a stranger, in public, is an added bonus.

This time when you cum, you let out a shriek. Your hands move to hold his head in place as you pound your cunt against his face, forcing his tongue deep inside you. Your body shudders repeatedly as tremors course through your body. You release the salesman, and he rises before you. He uses his handkerchief to wipe your juices from his face as he looks down at your pussy, splayed open before him. 

You close your legs and ask him to remove the boot. He kneels before you again and quickly replaces the boot with your shoes. You rise to leave, and I can tell that he is speaking to you though I can not hear the words. You laugh, then move toward the door. As you leave the store, I rise, and you move to my side. As we walk away, we turn and wave to the salesman. He returns our wave with a look of uncertainty on his face.

We walk through the mall, laughing, arm in arm, as we recount the details of this public display. We reach your car which you parked on the upper deck of the now nearly empty parking garage. As I move to open the door for you, I feel you press your body against me, and I turn toward you. I see that you have unbuttoned your dress which now hangs open from your shoulders. You are braless so the light sparkles off of your pale breasts. Your pussy, still wet from your recent activities, glimmers between your thighs.

You kneel before me and remove my cock from my pants. The warmth of your mouth surrounds me as you take me within your mouth, and the sensation nearly causes me to cum. I relax against the car as you suck my cock deep inside you. I feel your tongue and teeth glide back and forth as you move against me. I close my eyes and enjoy the mounting sensations created by your tongue and sensuous lips. Watching you with the salesman has already aroused me, so I am unable to stand much more. 

I reach down and pull you up, turning and leaning you against the car as I do so. I guide my cock to your pussy and thrust forward jamming it inside of you. We fuck, wildly. This is not love-making, it is impassioned fucking, brought on by your activities with the salesman. We move in unison, in an orchestrated fuck, determined to milk every sensation from our joined cock and cunt. Your ass bumps against the car, creating a jungle rhythm as we move together. My hands manipulate your breasts, caressing them, pinching your firm nipples, as we rise toward our mutual climax. 

And then we come—violently--pounding against one another, driven by our need for satisfaction. Your squeals resound across the parking deck accompanied by my grunts and moans of ecstasy as we cum together. We stop moving, still locked together, as the soft night breeze caresses us. We huddle together, arms wrapped in embrace, as we whisper our feelings, our needs, our hopes for the future. 

All too soon, we part. You button your dress and climb into your car. We kiss through the open window, and then I watch as you drive slowly away. "Until our next encounter, my dear," I whisper as your car disappears down the ramp.