 We just arrived at your house and are saying our hellos! You look good but exhausted and depressed (but always sexy). We are unpacking the car on my last trip inside I pull you to the side. I tell you that I brought a surprise for you and it is in a black plastic bag under the back seat. You are curious so you go outside and make sure my wife and her brother aren't around. You go into the back of the van and find the bag. You open it and gasp! Inside is a white tiger striped satin corset with matching g-string and a note. The note says if you want to wear it for me later to give me a yes nod when you next see me, and if so you are also to bring out the toy I got you. You are not certain what to do since you are living with my brother-in-law and my wife is there (we managed to leave the kids at the in-laws for our 3 day trip down). But you think about how frustrated you are since he doesn't seem to know how or want to have sex anymore. 

So you walk into the house and just see me and you happen to glance down and see my semi-hard cock bulging my thin cargo shorts, and instead of just nodding you come up to me and put your hand on my cock and kiss me full on the lips and slide your tongue into my mouth. It was only for about 5 seconds and then you tell me tonight you will let me live out my fantasies with you! I am rock hard in an instant and I look down at your khaki pants and see a huge wet spot over your crotch. I ask if you came and you say yes and it's the first time in months other then with your fingers and never by just a kiss. I am honored to have helped. You blush and turn to walk away and I am staring at your succulent ass as you say tonight in the bathroom we will meet. I cum in my pants! Wow!!!!

It's around 10:30pm and my wife and brother-in-law are already asleep. I couldn't sleep if I wanted to! I am so damned horny, and I am wondering if you will really meet me.... I wait until 11pm which was when I wrote in the note to meet. I walk slowly to the semi open bathroom door and peer around the corner and get an instant hard on. There you are finishing putting on the brightest red lipstick with you make up done up slightly between sexy and slutty! I love it! You are wearing the corset and the g-string (god I love your ass) and then I notice the black high heels and your brightly painted toe nails. You are such a wet dream!

I get down on my hands and knees because you haven't noticed me yet, and the door is open enough that I crawl thru without having to move it at all. The first indicator that you know I am there is when you feel my nice long tongue start to trail up the back of your leg starting at your ankle. You stop what you are doing and grip the sink and let out a low moan. So I take that as a good sign to continue. So I pull slightly away from your leg and lightly blow on the skin that my tongue has just traveled, and your whole body shudders. I then notice fluid running down the inside of your thighs, and I get even more turned on watching you cumm for me! I use my tongue to lick up your leg to taste your cum and I about go animalistic but I remind myself to take it slow and give you the pleasure you have been denied for so long. I stop my tongue before I get to the tops of your thighs and you whimper until I start over with the other leg, and you moan some more! You are basically resting your chest on the sink because your legs are so weak, but I just keep teasing you. Until I reach the top of your thighs then I start to kiss and lick your succulent ass which I love. I am staring up at the top of the sink and you finally look aback at me and you have such lust in your face.

You look me right in the eye and tell me to stop teasing and to suck your soaking wet pussy so you can flood my throat with your cumm. What can I say I have been taught to follow orders, so I trail my tongue down your ass riding the string of fabric from your g-string from the back to the front and I start pushing the material into your pussy. Your g-string is literally dripping with your cumm but I tease you a little more by shoving my tongue between your pussy lips thru the material and it make you soak it even more. Ok I am done playing and I reach up and rip the thin piece of material and I see you are completely shaved and then I proceed to dive into your beautiful fountain of cumm within seconds my face is soaked and I love it. You can't stop shuddering as wave after wave of orgasm goes thru you. You don't know what to think or do but hold onto the sink and ride the waves of pleasure, but you finally lost hold of the sink. I had turned my body around and am now sitting under your pussy and I suck your pretty little clit into my mouth and lightly chew and bite on it then I suck it like a hover as I snake my long tongue out between my clenched teeth and start fucking your pussy with it!

You absolutely explode down my throat and all over my face and chest and it squirts everywhere. I am in heaven. I reach around and really grab a hold of your ass to hold you too my mouth as I tongue fucks you, and you are biting down on a towel to keep from screaming.

I stop after 5 minutes so you can catch your breath; at least that was my intention but instead you dropped down and pulled off my shorts and boxer briefs and my rock hard cock springs up at your face. You just look me in the eye quickly and then start to swallow my cock down your throat. My eyes roll back in my head! Your beautiful lipstick covered lips are just bouncing up and down my cock and you continue to stare me in the eyes, I reach down and grab your hair as I start to thrust my hips to meet your lips. Your mouth is so warm and the suction feels so wonderful. Warn you that I am going to cumm and you just wink at me and continue to suck even harder until I shower your throat and my cumm starts to leak out the sides of your mouth which looks so damn sexy! Now it's my turn to shudder, but as soon as you release my cock I grab you and shove you onto you hands and knees and line my still hard cock up behind your ass.

You moan and say yes fuck me with your hard cock! So again I take orders well but first I tease a little by slowly running the head of my cock up and down between your pussy lips and it makes you crazy then I spank your clit with my cock. You can't take it anymore and reach between your legs and grab my cock and pull it into your pussy. As it's going in you squirt around it and fall forward. I reach up and grab your hair and pull it back so that your back is now arching I lean over your back and tell you I am gonna pound your pussy, and then I start to lick, suck and bite on the back of your neck and begin cumming again! I continue to pull almost all the way out and then slam back in every time you are about to pass out, I reach around and pull down the front of your corset so that I can play with your fabulous tits. You love that! Your hands cover mine and then you snake a hand between your legs and start to massage my balls. I love that, and then you start to lightly rake your nails across them and I tell you I am gonna cumm again and you tell me to fill your pussy since you are on birth control. So I grab onto your hip and proceed to fuck you as hard and as fast as I can and I tell you to rub your clit so we can cumm together. And we do our mixed cumm is shooting out from around my cock.

We fall in a heap onto the floor, and I pull your back to my chest as I turn your head and kiss you and then slide my tongue into your mouth, and we each taste our own juices on each others faces. And I tell just think 3 more days of this! You say you won't be able to walk right for a week as you have a huge grin on your face! 

End part 1 I hope you enjoy!