 Everything is so warm. Twilight is the world you know, somewhere between the deep dark of sleep and the ascending glimmer of the morning. You stir, but the air beyond the covers is cool. It feels too good in the bed. You snuggle against the pillow and sigh into the sheets. Another hour, that's all. It's Saturday anyway. You don't have anything to do. 

You can hear the sound of a faucet running. The door opens. She must have awoken early. She'll come back to bed, you think. Maybe you'll wake up and cook breakfast later, but for now you only hope she crawls under the sheets beside you and shares your warmth. You sink into that deep cozy place in your mind. She's still doing something in the bedroom, but you pay it no mind. 

She slips into the bed, making little sound. The chill hits you when she lifts the covers. Rustling around, she adjusts for what seems like forever. You consider just putting your arm around her and pulling her close. For some time, you drift on the ebbing tides of slumber. Everything is so calm and quiet. The bedroom floats away. The bed feels like a massive cushion of cotton clouds. 

Something feels strange. You shift as your mind swirls back to the bedroom. 

You feel it. 

The heat envelopes your cock. Your mouth parts and a rush of crisp air dives into your chest. Tension seizes your every limb. You can feel lips gliding back up your shaft, and your breath begins to finally escape your chest in stuttering gasps. A tongue wriggles against your sensitive flesh. Your knees lock. 

Sleep can't keep you under now. Blinking against the dim daylight that penetrates the darkness, your eyes open. Your upper body is cool. Glancing down, you find the bundle of covers at your waist. She is there, her lips pursed at the tip of your dick, wearing only the pile of sheets and an alluring sleepy glare. You know that look in her eyes. She's hungry, and not for eggs or toast. The corner of her mouth twitches upward into a grin. Then, she parts her lips and dives down again. 

You toss your head back into the pillow. The head of your cock prods her throat. A moan bursts from your lips. Her tongue is somehow still working itself around your shaft. As you clutch two handfuls of the sheets, you feel like tearing the bed apart. She's just started. Her fingers encircle the base of your dick, and she tightens them like a vice. 

You chance another look down. Her hair hangs in tangles beside her smooth face. You can't help but twist across the mattress. The sight of your cock throbbing full, red, and thick in her lips is driving you nuts. You're barely awake! So many thoughts skip off the walls of your mind but your head is still too foggy to find them.

When she reaches your swollen tip again, she rolls her tongue around it and flicks her eyes toward you. Your jaw drops. No sound comes out. You're locked in that vibrant gaze. The sensations start to overwhelm you. One of your feet kicks. You tug at the sheets with white knuckles. 

She dives again. 

You watch her lips slide all the way down to her fingers at the base of your cock. It's as if she sucked the thrust of your hips right out of you. You reach and snatch her hair, holding her head down. For several seconds, you're frozen in ecstasy, throbbing in her throat and gasping for a steady breath. 

She finally jerks away from your glistening cock. Your chest heaves. You moan and settle back into the pillow. The covers are thrown from your legs, but the chill has no edge anymore. With a grin, you open your mouth to speak.

She grabs your dick, squeezes, and slides her hand up and down your wet shaft.

Your legs lock again. Your hips jump. The words you were going to burst into a moan. Her hand works fast and lithe, pulling the orgasmic burn up from your body. 

The little smirk on her face tells all. Her piercing vivid eyes are watching you, like the focused glare of a predator crouched in the weeds. The hot swell keeps building. Every time her palm reaches the top of your cock, her little thumb slips across your bulging tip. Her free hand caresses beneath your balls. Your ass clenches. Her smile widens. 

She tips her head to the side, her messy hair cascading over her shoulder. You can't bear to watch, but you won't look away. Hooking your fingers in her hair, you hold on for dear life while her hand glides up and down your engorged dick. You can see your very flesh molding and deforming in her wet grip. Those eyes are still watching you when she brings her lips close. Her face hovers there, inches from the nodding cock she strokes. Hot breath washes over your sensitive skin. 

As you writhe about in the bed, you know it's coming. You lock eyes with the beauty below. By any logic, she should look like a mess in the morning. Somehow, she's beautiful. The years haven't treated her nicely, but you certainly can't tell by looking at her. She is all woman, and ravenously passionate, craving the release she's giving you. Her open lips tease at your skin. The glow of morning in her eyes speaks of both lust and love, that writhe together; the compassion of a partner and the need of a lover. 

In the end, it's those eyes that do it. 

She knows it's coming. Freezing her hand near the your darkening head, she tightens her grip. Your whole body convulses and a scream gets caught in your throat. She digs her thumb under your tip. 

When at last she releases pressure, the burn explodes from your cock. A ribbon of cum shoots up and falls to your waist. A wail of pleasure escapes your throat.

She cliches your shaft again, only for seconds. It seems like another infinity. 

The pressure eases and a second stream fires from your fattened tip, higher than the second. She raises her eyebrows at the sight of it. You release a long groan. Your body is tight. All of your energy seems to drain away. She holds you as more cum pumps out of your cock. Milky clear streaks drip from her fingers. She licks her lips. You watch your dick run dry in her grip. 

Relaxation washes over you. Your body melts into the bed. She grins and slides her thumb over the glistening head of your cock, toying with the hypersensitive flesh. You jerk a bit, but let out an exasperated laugh. You close your eyes, wondering what you did so right to deserve such a wake-up call. 

Suddenly she's there. Your flaccid dick sinks against your thigh. You feel her breasts brushing your t-shirt. The tangles of her hair tickle your cheeks. When you open your eyes, her pretty face is staring down upon you. The silence of the room is deafening. Your heaving breathing, her snicker, the soft rustle of the covers that she slides around the two of you.... Deep down, you wish that you could hold this moment forever. She's never looked as beautiful as she does now. You've never loved her more. It nearly surpises you when she speaks.

"Hey."

"Morning," you say. 

She grins and raises an eyebrow. "Don't you mean 'good morning'?"

You pull her close. 

"No," you tell her. "It's a great morning."

She places a gentle kiss on your lips. It makes you want to pull her tighter and crush her. 

"You should cook me breakfast," she insists, wearing her best serious face.

"Hmm," you say, pretending to think. "I don't know...."

She laughs and nudges you. 

"Anything you want, baby," you tell her. 

"C'mon," she says, climbing from the bed. "We have places to go today."

You close your eyes and grin. The hope of sleeping in is a distant memory now. You chuckle. You can't help thinking to yourself....

She sure knows how to get a man up and going.