 We had flight plans to go to Florida as we arrive at the airport and check in our luggage I cant help but love the look of your sexy ass in those tight white jeans so playing around I grab that tight ass and pull my hand away quickly not wanting you to realize that it was me that did it as we were walking to the ticket counter every time someone walked by you I gently slap that butt as I just love the feel of it in my hand.

Finally you realize that it was me all along and you wrap your arm around my waist and I wrap mine around you putting my hand in your back pocket rubbing that ass gently quietly you say "will you please behave" as I noticed your mass beginning to grow in those jeans... realizing that you are getting very uncomfortable being confined in those jeans. I know that its all my fault that your that way I ask you to come with me as I take you by the hand and pull you behind a wall where no one was going around slowly I undo those jeans and remove that mass into my hand... It finished growing in my hand.

"Damn you we are going to miss our plane as now I wont be able to get it back into my pants without hurting" he says quietly...not wanting anyone around to hear him... "Baby let me help Its my fault that this happened" she replies... as I get down on my knees and take it into my mouth and suck it gently... as you reach in front of you and hold onto the wall... trying hard not to let any moans escape you as we are in the airport full of people and you don't want to draw any attention. 

You try so hard to pull away from me you... can't help it... you just can't as I take your ass into my hand and massage it as I suck you.

Sucking you harder now a moan of ecstasy escapes you... luckily no one is around as you start moving your hips to the feel of my mouth wrapped around your stiff cock. I cant get enough of it I suck it even harder as your head throws back, I feel your cock and balls tighten...you scream again in delight as you have a major orgasm into my mouth as I swallow every drop. I lick it completely clean and you get back together just in time for us to get onto our plane and head off to Florida.

Once seated and the plane prepares for take off I keep staring at you out of the corner of my eye as I see you getting fidgety in your seat I ask" what is the matter baby? Are you alright? ..."Yes baby I am fine" he replies... I place my hand on your upper thigh brushing against your cock as you jump slightly from the feel and surprise as I begin rubbing your leg "oh we aren't going to do this again not here there are too many people around us now! As I get up you say where are you going? "I am going to the bathroom" well let me come with you... I don't need any sick people getting after a gorgeous woman especially my woman. 

You get up and come with me I go into the bathroom as you wait outside for me... suddenly you are called into the bathroom by me so I can have you undo something for me that I was wearing or so you thought.

Closing and locking the door behind you... I turn you around and begin once again rubbing your cock but first releasing it from your jeans so I can have the ultimate thrill of it growing hard in my hand as that feeling makes me so horny... stroking it gently it begins growing... you lean down and kiss me deeply whispering to me "oh girl you are so devious!"

"Yes baby I am when there is something that I really want and that something that I really want is you inside of me right now."

Picking me up you wrap my legs around your waist and push me gently against the wall with your arms wrapped around me... you begin pumping that hard mass of manhood in and out of me slowly at first looking deep into your eyes... I begged you to fuck me hard and fast as I wanted it all as you began fucking me hard we scream together in ecstasy as my pussy clamps down on your cock as you feel the orgasm shiver through me as I start grinding you hard as my head goes back and you and I reach the hottest climax ever as we orgasm together in perfect harmony.

I felt the cum rolling up your cock through your main vein as it drove me wild... it felt so good upon our finishing our orgasm you hold me close to you for a few minutes kissing me softly... then putting me down gently we get ourselves back together and go out to our seats and as we sit there you wrap your arm around me again holding me close to you as I peacefully drift off to sleep.