 It was just past 2am on my twenty-second birthday and I was upstairs in my bedroom with my best friend, trying not to throw up. We could hear music from downstairs filtering up to reach us, and as we listened, it gradually got louder. 

Fifteen minutes ago I had been in the kitchen of a packed house, still doing shots of whisky and chatting with my friends. Cut to two minutes ago when I fell over walking to the bathroom and Henry made me come upstairs to drink a glass of water and take my shoes off.

"I should probably go and tell them to turn the music down..." I murmured, still feeling drowsy from the alcohol.

"No, stay here, I'll be back in one second." Henry said, and then left the room, closing the door behind him.

I must have passed out, because he woke me up when he opened the door holding a mug in his hands, the music substantially quieter.

"You probably shouldn't sleep right now Emily, I think you hit your head quite badly" 

I chose to ignore him and instead asked what was in the mug, "More whisky?" I joked. He gave me a disapproving look and handed me the cup of coffee, before sitting down with a long sigh.

"Not enjoying the party?" I asked. 

He ran his hands through his long hair, "Your friends are insane." 

I laughed, "Don't be a dick Hen," He sighed again, and rested his head on my shoulder "I do appreciate you being so nice to everyone tonight, it means a lot to me."

"I know, I know. Now drink your coffee so we can go back downstairs before everyone leaves."

I put the mug on the floor beside my bed and wrapped my arms around his neck; I tilted my face until my forehead rested against his. His eyes were black in the low light of my lamp, and his shoulder length hair was tucked back behind his ears. Not for the first time, I thought about how attractive he was, sharp cheek-boned and strong-jawed. 

"Henry." I said, in a tone I hoped he would take seriously, "You mean a lot to me," he was laughing, "I mean it. It's my birthday, I'm allowed to be sweet on my birthday."

"I think it's the only day of the year where you actually say nice things to me."

And then we were kissing. Softly at first, and then harder when I swung my leg over to straddle him. His hands moved from the bed to my waist, and he kissed my jawline as I stretched my neck out with an almost silent moan. His hands were everywhere, one minute on my neck, running through my long hair, and the next underneath my top, his fingers just at the hem, circling, as if he couldn't decide what he wanted. 

I was the opposite, my teeth biting his lip slowly, biting his jaw, biting just underneath his ear, his shoulder. I wanted him so much. I screwed up his t-shirt in my fists; I put my hands to his scalp and felt his hair in between my fingers. I thought about what I liked most and couldn't settle on a single thing, his wide shoulders, his hair that brushed them, I liked how he towered over me, huge, even when we were like this. 

Eventually he put his hands under my shirt and I almost died, two hands on my hips, steady and solid, pressure as he moved them up to my waist, sliding against my skin. I could feel my nipples getting hard against his chest. He was out of breath and we stopped kissing so he could catch it, I laughed into his shoulder and I could hear him smiling on my neck, muscles moving under soft skin. 

I could hear the music again, louder than it was before and everything snapped back into focus, my blurred vision suddenly sharp as I looked around my room, burned orange walls, Picasso prints, more books than I could count. I thought about the party, my friends downstairs.

"Shit," this came from Henry, although we were both thinking it, apparently. "I'm sorry. That should not have happened." 

His hands were still under my top; he took them out abruptly and pushed his hair behind his ears. I looked away.

"I'm going downstairs." He said as he pushed me off his lap gently, and stood up. He pulled his hair into a bun and then realized he didn't have a hair-tie; when he let it go again it fell around his face. 

"This doesn't have to be a big deal, we've kissed before and it was never a big deal." He said.

I nodded, this was true, we had been friends since we were six, best friends since we were eleven. Of course we had kissed before, but it hadn't happened for a long time, and never like that. 

He was thinking all this at the same time obviously, because he said, "You're drunk, I don't want to do this when you're drunk."

"What is that supposed to mean? This isn't my fault."

"I don't think this is anybody's fault, Emily," He said quietly, "I just think that we need to talk about this, but maybe not tonight."

"What do you want to talk about? You said it wasn't a big deal. You just said that thirty seconds ago."

"I changed my mind. It's a pretty big deal."

"You have a girlfriend."

"Yes, that's one of the reasons. Also we're friends, and I don't want to fuck that up."

"Shit." I replied.

"I changed my mind again, this is my fault. I'm sorry." He said.

"I want to go to sleep, can you make everyone leave please?" 

I started undressing as soon as he left the room. 

I heard my friends shouting goodbye up the stairs while I was getting into bed. 

I heard a knock on the door, Henry saying, "Em, I'm leaving, everyone else has gone... I cleaned up." 

I fell asleep.

...

I woke up to the sound of my mobile ringing. It was just getting light, and I felt dizzy as I leaned out of bed to feel on the floor for the phone. I pressed the green button and held it up to my hear, and managed to say a coarse "Hello?"

"You sound horrible." I heard Henry smiling down the phone.

"Henry. It is very early. And I am too sick to speak to you right now, regardless of that incident last night."

He sounded concerned when he said, "No, seriously are you all right? Because I do want to talk to you about that."

"Oh my God." I groaned, "I'm so embarrassed."

"Um... I'm going to pretend you didn't say that because I actually broke up with Jen about two hours ago and I'm coming over to your house now."

I hung up. I had just enough time to put a t-shirt on and brush my teeth before my doorbell rang. I answered it and Henry was on the top step, he had to duck to come inside the front door.

"I don't know why you look so happy. You're being really fucking blasé about this, which I don't exactly appreciate." I said.

"I told Jen what happened and we broke up, I didn't do it because I expect anything from you." He said, sitting down on the sofa, "In fact, you can do whatever the hell you want. I just want to make it very clear that I want to kiss you again. You're my best friend. I don't even need to tell you that 'obviously, I love you,' because I have done before. But this time I mean something different when I say it. Something like... when you were trying to rip me open with your teeth last night, I wanted to let you. I would let you do anything. I want you so much. I don't think that this has to be as difficult as either of us is making it."

"You said you didn't want to ruin our friendship." I said.

"I don't care." He replied.

"I don't want to argue about this... but... you don't need to, persuade me, of anything. I want you. I don't remember saying I didn't."

He looked shocked; "I came in here ready for you to just, turn me down, immediately. I don't even know why I thought you would."

"Hen, I need to go back to sleep," I was feeling worse and worse as this conversation progressed. "You can stay if you want."

His eyes widened, "Um... Yeah, I do." 

"Okay, come on." I said, as I walked out of the living room and up the stairs. I heard him following me and his footsteps were heavy on the wooden floors. He still had his shoes on when we got to my room. I turned to face him and took a few steps backwards towards my bed. He kept eye contact as he took off his coat, one shoe, then the other. I closed my eyes when he reached his arms over his head, taking his t-shirt off. The same one he had been wearing the night before. I took a deep breath, when I opened my eyes again he was in his boxers. I sat down heavily on the edge of my bed. 

He walked over, pulled me up so that he could fold the duvet back. I climbed into the bed and scooted over to the side beside the wall so that he could come in beside me. I reached up to open the window beside where I was lying. I closed the curtains and it was dark and cool in the room. I felt him lie down beside me, not touching me but close. He pulled the duvet up so it was covering us. 

I could hear his breathing and I rolled over so that I was on my stomach, our arms touching. His breath caught in his throat. 

...

I woke up in his arms, we were spooning and I could feel him pressed against the entire length of my body, his chin on the top of my head, our feet entwined. My heart was beating fast as I turned to face him. He woke up from the movement of my body, and pulled me close without opening his eyes. He was smiling as I wriggled, trying to get as close as I could to his chest.

He tilted my face up towards his with a hand under my chin and kissed me hard on the mouth. I opened my lips and explored his mouth with my tongue. This was different from the kiss last night, which was hurried. It was still urgent now, but we both sensed a shift, and we took our time. 

He rolled me over so that I was lying on top of him, and with my hands on his shoulders I kissed along his jawline until I reached his bare collarbone. I ran my hands down his arms and felt the ripple of muscles underneath my fingertips. His hands were on my thighs, I tensed my muscles there and he moved them up, over my ass, to my waist. This time he didn't stop, and felt my breasts through my t-shirt. As he massaged them, I felt my nipples grow hard and as he rolled them between his fingers I thought how good it felt. 

He struggled to take my top off, and I lifted my chest up and stretched my arms out to make it easier. He paused slightly when he saw my breasts, the creamy skin and dark areolas. I moaned, 'ohhh,' when he put his lips around my sensitive nipples and sucked on them. His face was buried between my breasts, and I arched my back as he caressed me.

He traced his fingers down the side of my body, and when he reached my white panties, he dipped below the hem and kneaded my ass. When he slipped his hands around the front I gasped, and felt goose bumps rising on my arm. He stroked his fingers through my pubic hair, and then my slit, eventually putting two of fingers inside my pussy. As he moved them, curved, in and out, he said, "You're so wet." I could only moan in reply, but I could feel myself glistening, I wanted him so much. 

He flipped me over yet again, so I was on my back, and he moved his lips over my stomach until he was kissing the outside of my panties. I pushed myself up onto my elbows, and I could see a wet patch where his mouth was pressing the fabric against my entrance. I moaned and sank back down onto the mattress, my legs spread. 

He took his time taking my underwear off, following its progress with kisses. Eventually I couldn't take it any longer, I wanted, no, needed, a release, and I begged him. "Please, Henry." I said.

I felt his tongue lick the entire length of my pussy, tasting me, and when he reached my clit he was gentle, not causing enough friction to satisfy me. I felt my stomach contracting as he teased it with the tip of his tongue. He put one finger inside me and I tightened around it as he massaged my clit with the flat part of his tongue. He put another finger inside me, and another. He was touching my g-spot every time he slid his fingers in and out. I couldn't hold out when he put his entire mouth on my clit and sucked, hard. I came, gasping, it lasted for what seemed like minutes as my whole body stretched. I felt loose when it was over, my limbs were like jelly, and there was a wet patch underneath me on the bed where I had squirted. His fingers were dripping when he took them out of me. He moved to kiss me again, and I pulled my legs up so they were around his hips. 

I could feel his erection rubbing against me through his boxers, and I tried to push Henry over so that he was on his back, but I couldn't shift him. Eventually I had to say "Roll over," and we were both laughing when he did. I sat up so that I was straddling him, his dick was in between my pussy and resting on his stomach, I started softly grinding on top of him and he closed his eyes with a sigh. 

The tip of his dick was poking out of the top of his boxers, and I slid my ass down his legs so that my face was close to his crotch. He was watching me intently as I pulled his boxers down, freeing his erection. I slid them out from underneath him and threw them across the room. His dick was long, and almost as thick as my wrist; I had seen it a few times before, by accident or for a dare. But never like this. Standing straight up, swaying softly and glistening wetly at the tip. I blew on it gently and smiled when it twitched, and he moaned.

I put my hands around his dick, and held it while I licked the tip, my tongue flicking in and out of my open mouth. I put my lips around him then, and sucked, slowly at first. When Henry started to groan, and put his hand on my shoulder to squeeze, hard, I went faster. Bobbing my head up and down, feeling the top of his dick at the back of my throat. After a while, when he started gasping and thrusting towards me, I stopped, almost gagging from the size. He moved his hands to the back of my head and gathered my hair out of my face. I rolled my tongue up and down his shaft, and I could tell the slurping noises my mouth was making were turning him on even more. I deep throated him again, my lips stretched around his massive girth, and I pumped my head up and down, feeling him against my tongue until I couldn't take it anymore.

"I'm coming." He groaned, "Fuck." And I kept sucking on his erection until he did, spraying his seed into my mouth, I tried to swallow it all but I couldn't keep up with it, and as his dick was twitching, some of it spilled out of my mouth and ran down his shaft.

I was breathing heavily when I eventually finished swallowing, and licked the remainder of his jizz into my mouth. 

"That was so hot." He said. "That was amazing."

I smiled, but didn't say anything, he was still as hard as ever and I wanted him inside me. I moved so that I was on top, straddling him again, rocking my pussy against his still-wet dick. I was getting even moister as I rubbed my pussy lips against his erection, and with a wet noise, his dick was against my clit, rubbing right up against my open slit. His hand went to position his dick at my entrance, but before he could thrust inside I lifted my hips up and impaled myself on top of him. 

"Fuck." I said with a gasp "Fuuuuck." He was bigger than I had realized, and, though I was far from being a virgin, it actually hurt when I had done that. I stayed where I was for a second, sitting with him completely inside me, and moved my hips from side to side, trying to loosen up a little. 

"Are you ok?" Henry asked, his voice concerned.

"Ummm, yeah, I just need a second, ohhh my god." I said, as the sensation of being too full, turned from uncomfortable to amazing when he put his thumb on my clit and started stroking me.

"Oh god, that feels so fucking good," I said, "fuck."

I lifted my hips up and gently sank back down until he was inside me again, I did this again and again, getting faster and faster each time. Henry started to thrust as well, rather than let me do all the work, and after a while we were pounding into each other, he was fucking me hard, all the while massaging my clit. I leant down until my breasts were at his face and he took them into his mouth again, circling his tongue around my nipples.

"Uh huh, yes, yes," I cried softly, as he fucked me, my body moving up and down on top of his. His dick felt amazing inside me, and I started to move further and further off it each time, so that the head popped in and out of my slit. I slowed down when Henry started caressing my clit hard, trying to make me come, I could hardly concentrate. The feeling of being totally filled was so intense, that when he thrust into me harder than he had before, I felt a wetness rushing down my thighs and realized I had squirted. 

I came, shaking, harder than I had before, my muscles clenching along the length of his shaft. I whimpered, and my body tensed as I shuddered. Eventually I relaxed, Henry, his dick inside me said, "I'm going to come," and tightened his arms around my waist. I rocked up and down on top of him hard, and he kissed me again as he came inside my pussy. I could feel his jizz inside me, and it spilled out when I pulled myself off his dick.

He was laughing, of course, when we were finished. "That was incredible Em, you have to kiss me. Right now." And, smiling, I did, of course.