 For Jo, my special muse

I look toward the parking lot, anxiously awaiting your arrival. I am working on the coast, and you have agreed to drive down to spend the day with me. Finally, after a seemingly eternal wait, I see your car pull into the parking lot. Moments later, you are walking toward me with your usual big smile. I watch you as you approach, noting your bikini and your diaphanous wraparound skirt which is more suggestive than concealing. Through it I can see the curves of your legs and the separation at the top of your thighs where I know your pussy is cozily nestled. Your suit top is small, barely concealing your luscious breasts which gently bounce with each step. Your eyes sparkle in the brightness of the day. 

Finally you are beside me. You set down your bag and glide into my arms. I feel your body press against me, your breasts poking against my chest, your cunt pressed against my leg. We kiss, a long, lingering kiss. I taste your sweetness, savor the lingering motions of your tongue, enjoy the pressure of your sensuous lips on mine.

We part, and step back to look each other over. We smile at one another, pleased at what we see. I take your hand, and lead you down to the beach. It is early, and there are few people there. Most are dog walkers or exercisers, but there is a scatter of swimmers as well. We walk several hundred yards down the beach to an area where several fallen trees cluster at the base of the dune line. It is low tide, so the beach is far down the sandy slope. 

I spread a blanket near the trees, and we sit to talk. We catch up on each others lives, as we get reacquainted. As we sit close together, my hand moves to your neck and I softly touch your smooth skin. I caress your ears, your cheeks, the skin around your eyes, your lips. I feel your hand on my knee and then my thigh. Soon you are rubbing my cock through my trunks. I have to shift my position a bit as my cock responds to your touch and swells to full erection. 

I look around, and there is no one nearby. I take your hand, and I lead you over to the trunk of one of the fallen trees. Its surface has been polished by the action of waves, and I lift you up onto it. As I move toward you, you wrap your legs around me and pull me tightly against you, pressing your pussy against my hard cock. Our lips meet, and you pull my tongue inside you warm, delicious mouth. Your kiss is more animated now as you suck on my tongue, caressing it along its length with yours. I feel the movements of your pussy as you begin to writhe against me, and I know you are ready. I move my hand to your waiting pussy, and I feel the wetness that is already seeping from you and wetting the crotch of your suit. I slip my finger beneath the leg elastic and slide it along your wet slit, enjoying the slippery smoothness of your pussy lips. Two of my fingers glide up inside your welcoming pussy, and I feel it contract in greeting around my fingers. I use my fingers to fuck you and we establish a rhythm as we move together. 

With my fingers still buried inside you, I use my other hand to pull aside the lining of my suit and expose my throbbing cock. I pull aside your suit bottom and replace my fingers with my cock. I press against you and feel my erect prick glide up inside you, sliding between your pussy lips which caress it along its entire length as it moves into you. Once I am buried fully inside you, I stop, enjoying the feeling of your cunt wrapped tightly around my cock. I want to remain that way longer, but you have other things on your mind. You begin moving against me, your ass sliding back and forth across the slick surface of the log. You move back until my cock is on the verge of falling out of your cunt, and then you slam forward against my, driving my cock fully inside of you again. You do this in a rapid rhythm, and I have to brace myself to withstand your onslaught. 

You have closed your eyes and thrown your head back, your mind and body focused on the point of our connection as you pound your body against me. I realize that any passersby will immediately know what we are doing, and I glance around to see if we are being watched. Most people nearby are some distance away at the water’s edge, but there is one young couple, perhaps newlyweds, that has settled on a blanket about fifty yards away. They are clearly watching us, and they do not avert their eyes when I glance over at them. I smile, and they smile back. I note that his hand is hidden in her crotch, and I imagine his fingers teasing her willing pussy. 

Your moans bring my full attention back to you. I can tell by the rising volume that you are near cumming. I hear the squishing sounds of my cock pistoning inside your flowing pussy as we move together. I focus on the sensations produced by your demanding cunt gliding back and forth along the shaft of my cock, and soon I too am on the verge of cumming. 

As you begin to climax, you emit a squeal that carries across the beach, and I feel your pulsating pussy squeezing my cock. This combination of sound and sensation sends me over the edge, and I shoot my cum deep inside of you. Your squeal has been transformed to a low, wavering moan as your body is wracked by the sensations of your orgasm. I feel the insides of your cunt swollen with hot, rushing blood, pulsating against my prick, caressing it along its length. Head back, eyes still closed, you rock against me to milk the last juices from my cock. 

I lean into you, wrapping my arms around you and pulling you toward me. I slide up your bikini top so I can feel your breasts against the damp skin of my chest. You rest your head on my shoulder, and I feel the quick beat of your heart. We remain that way, locked together, unwilling to end the joy of our union, for several minutes. Then, in a gush of cum, you eject my shriveled cock from your contracting cunt. You lean back and look at me, and I see the affection in you smile, the love in your eyes, the satisfaction in the flare of your nostrils.

I reach behind you and unfasten your bikini top, tossing it on to our blanket. As I do so, I tell you about the couple that has been watching us from nearby. You turn to look, but they are already moving off down the beach now that the show is over. We laugh together as we agree that they going off to find a place to satisfy the urges that we have aroused. Your laugh is one of your finest features, and hearing it causes my cock to throb with desire, but I know there will be more time for such things later as the day is still young. We move to the blanket and stretch out in the warm sun. You make no effort to replace your top, so I know you are comfortable with the setting here on our uncrowded beach.

We share the food you have brought, cheese and crackers, fruit, a tasty wine. Playfully, you take a grape and swipe it across your still oozing cunt. You eat the grape, and then prepare a second that you slip between my lips. It tastes of sweetness and sex flavored with a mixture of your juices and mine. We laugh, and you repeat the process time and time again until the grapes are gone. We joke about having found a new sauce that we should bottle and sell for use as a dip for fruits—grapes, cantaloupe and melon balls, cherries—at the mention of cherries we roll with laughter. We move together, snuggling, enjoying the warm feeling of being together again.

After cuddling for a while, we decide to go in the water. At first I think you will replace your top, but instead you remove you skirt and walk to the water topless. There are more people on the beach now, and I can tell by the reactions of some that they have noticed your missing top. You move around a small group standing near the water’s edge, and once you reach deeper water, you dive in. I watch as the men standing nearby watch your every move. I follow you into the water and swim out to you. You splash me playfully, and I splash you back. You splash again, and I chase you, tackling you, sinking beneath the surface with you in my arms. I find the elastic to your bikini bottom and deftly strip it off of you before we surface. You come to the surface sputtering, checking to see that the water is deep enough to hide your nakedness. 

Your cheeks are flushed from exertion and perhaps a touch of excitement. Here you are on a public beach, naked, surrounded by dozens of strangers. At first you say nothing, but your smile assures me that you are not upset. I tuck your suit into my trunks and move toward you. We cavort in the water, playfully wrestling, diving, chasing one another. Our hands secretly caress hidden parts beneath the cover of the water, and soon we are again aroused. My cock strains to escape the confines of my suit as you stroke it through the thin nylon. We move to waist deep water and I remove my suit, holding both yours and mine in one hand. 

As soon as I am naked, you dip your head beneath the water and I feel the warmth of your mouth as you take my cock inside it. You caress my balls as you suck on my cock, laving it along its length as you move back and forth against me. You come up to breathe, then return to your work beneath the water. I feel your lips against my crotch as my cock reaches the back of your throat. I caress the top of your head, encouraging you in your efforts, lost in the sensations coursing through my body. My back is to the beach so that your actions are partially obscured, but those closest to us must know what you are up to as your head bobs to the surface at my crotch.

Before long I have had all I can stand. When you surface, I pull you up so that our bodies are pressed together. My hand dips to your pussy and I stroke your clit as I kiss you deeply. I feel your body pressing against my fingers, and I know you want me to replace my fingers with my cock. We move to slightly deeper water. You raise one of your legs, wrapping it around me, pressing your pussy against me. I use my free hand to guide my cock to your pussy, and I push so that I gradually glide inside you. We stand, locked together, allowing your juices to replenish before we continue. 

I begin to slowly move against you, probing your depths with my cock, extending fully inside of you. We limit our motion to prevent the water from sloshing inside of you and washing out your lubricating juices, because we want this connection to last. We also do not want it to be quite so obvious to those up on the beach what we are doing. We have a slow, delicious fuck that allows us to enjoy every sensation. Our attention is centered on cock and cunt, interlocked and pulsing in unison, as we move together in a carefully orchestrated rhythm. We are unhurried, focused on one another, and the intimacy we share. Our lips come together, and we kiss, a long, passionate kiss that enhances the sensations we are sharing. All too soon, I feel the cum rising from my balls and flowing in a hurried stream toward the depths of your cunt. As I pump more quickly into you, I feel the pulsations in your pussy that signal that you too are cumming. We writhe together milky our union for every morsel of sensation. We loose our balance, fall over, and sink beneath the waves. We separate and rise, sputtering and laughing together, as we try to catch our breath. 

We look toward the beach, but no one appears to be paying any special attention to us. I stoop to pull on my trunks, and I offer you yours, but you shake your head. Taking me by the hand, you begin walking toward the water’s edge. We emerge from the water, and your nakedness is exposed to any who care to look. I watch as heads turn to watch you move across the beach toward our towel. I marvel at your beauty, your boldness, your self-confidence. By the time I reach the blanket, you have wrapped your diaphanous skirt around yourself, only partially concealing your luscious charms. You move behind the trunk of the tree and squat to piss not caring if you are observed. I hear the rushing sounds of your hot stream, and I try to picture the flared lips of your cunt with the piss squirting from between them. You move back to my side, and I place my hand on your moist cunt. 

We spend the rest of the afternoon talking, sharing our past lives and dreams for the future. Soon, it is time to go. You pull on your suit as I pack up the remaining food and fold the blanket. We walk arm in arm back to your car, both quiet as the moment of parting approaches. We kiss a parting kiss, and then you are gone.