 ALEX

I've been dating my boyfriend Scott for a year now. We used to work for the same company in the same city, but he got posted in another country (three hours away by flight), where he has been staying for the past 6 months.

I didn't even think I would fall for Scott. Certainly, he wasn't my type. I've always fallen for tall, dark haired, athletic guys. Scott is blonde, just a few inches taller than me, not athletic, but physically active because of his job. He also has a history of dating a lot of girls and playing the field. But he and I hit it off so well and eventually, we became friends. We would talk long hours about different topics. We had the deepest and strangest conversations that belied a natural intellectual compatibility. 

I knew he was attracted to me, and he made sure I knew it, but I was wary of his womanizing ways. Friends warned me about him, but in time, I developed an attraction to Scott too. And he did woo me... Never failing to tell me everyday how beautiful I was and how he missed me and loved me. There were always good morning and good night texts, and texts during the day; he made sure I knew he was thinking of me every moment of the day. He was very romantic, sending me flowers from overseas while I was on a business trip, when the hotel flower shop was already closed. He surprised me one weekend to whisk me away to a holiday. He made me feel good about my body too, loving and worshiping every inch of it. Though he had some very odd, off the chart sexual fantasies and preferences, Scott never forced me to do anything I didn't want to do, but at the same time, he gently pushed me to explore my sexuality, bringing me to greater heights of ecstasy I had never known.

So when I learned that he would be moving away for a posting abroad, I was very sad and thought about whether to continue with the relationship or not. But Scott wanted to do a long distance relationship and believed that we could make it work. He texted and chatted with me every day. He worked in a very demanding job, in the field, which meant that he couldn't always stop to talk with me. Plus he worked in a very remote area, a virtual wasteland with absolutely nothing, just hundreds of guys working together in a testosterone filled environment. It was a difficult place to live in and every weekend was a much awaited opportunity to travel three hours into town with the company provided car and driver, to buy groceries, have a beer, interact with normal people and have an early dinner, then make the 3 hour trek back to come home to a lonely hotel room.

But lately, something very strange started happening. Every Saturday morning, after doing the rounds of the field, Scott would go home to freshen up and go into town for his weekly supplies. He would usually have an early dinner there and be home by 10 pm. But one Saturday afternoon, I suddenly couldn't contact Scott. I tried his two phones but there was no reply. I was so worried sick that something might have happened to him. I kept trying and couldn't sleep. Finally on Sunday morning, Scott responded to my call. He sounded groggy, tired but apologetic. He said that he had had some drinks with friends the night before and lost track of time. It didn't help that the phones' batteries were dead too. He was pretty drunk when his friends brought him back to his hotel room. He was so drunk that he forgot to call. I was so angry but Scott apologized. He sent me flowers the next day. He seemed really sorry.

The next week, a similar thing happened again. He was gone for hours on Saturday evening, and when he finally FaceTimed me back in the hotel late that night, he said he couldn't talk really long. His phone battery was 4% and that he forgot his chargers in the car with the driver and couldn't get them back. He was in a hurry, talking with me for only a few minutes and said goodbye before the battery died. He was shirtless and the TV was on in the background. Scott didn't like removing his shirt before going to bed, and he didn't like TV. Something was fishy and it hurt me to think that he was fooling around.

A similar thing happened a few Saturdays later, but with some other excuse. I was beginning to anticipate the pattern every Saturday afternoon. So the following week, when Scott was home, I called him and talked to him about these moments when he disappeared. I asked him if there was someone else. In the beginning, he vehemently denied it. But I said, "You've always admired my intelligence. You've always said that I'm the smartest woman you've ever been with, a bimbo killer. So I don't believe this is just nothing, you know. I'm not stupid, so give me the courtesy of knowing what is really happening." 

Finally, Scott admitted that he had met a woman named Susan a few weeks ago in the shopping mall where he usually did his groceries. The woman was the owner of a spa at the mall. She was in her late twenties. She was of mixed Chinese descent, young, attractive, petite, fair skinned, slim and with long hair. She used to be a masseuse but eventually, went on to own her own spa. "A bimbo, in other words. How did this happen?" I retorted. The woman didn't even finish university.

Scott said that he had gone for a massage one Saturday afternoon at the spa, and met Susan. She was friendly and accommodating. He asked her out for dinner. Initially, she refused but eventually she agreed. He invited her to make the 3 hour trip back to his hotel with the promise to bring her back after dinner, and one thing led to another. "So what did you do with this Susan the Slut?" I asked, hurt. "Baby, you know I love you, but it is just very lonely here. I have no other human contact aside from a bunch of guys at work. Saturdays are the only times I can get away. And here was this young, attractive woman who was willing to offer me some companionship," Scott explained. 

"Did you fuck her?" I asked. "Alex, baby, do you really want to know all these details?" And I said, "Yes, stand up to what you did and tell me!" And Scott said, sheepishly, "OK. Yes. I did. I convinced her and said I just needed some company and that I would take her back to the hotel and we would just have dinner in my room. She agreed and said that there wasn't going to be any sex. In fact, I even asked the driver to stand by to take her back. She did come back with me, but before I knew it, she had sent the driver home to come back for her the next day and she stayed the night. And of course, there was sex. I'm sorry, baby" Scott admitted regretfully. 

"Then why didn't you have the decency to just call me? I worried about you. I thought you were dead. But you were just fucking some stupid massage girl! Susan the Slut!" I screamed. "Alex, Baby, I really wanted to call you, but she tied me up, literally. It was a bondage situation and I couldn't get away. And you know how much I like that. It's the first time in a long time that I found someone who was into that as well...Do you really want to hear this?" Scott asked softly. 

"Tell me. Don't be a bigger coward than you already are. What did this stupid masseuse do to you that you couldn't even call your girlfriend?" I said. "Baby, I couldn't get away. She grabbed my phone and just tied me up and after that I fell asleep and didn't wake up until the next morning. I'm really sorry, Alex," Scott said. 

"Bullshit, Scott. You just said she's a small woman. How could she just overpower you? And don't you even think about responsibilities? You're so full of shit, Scott! And do you honestly think that I'm dumb enough to believe your lies about being drunk or leaving the phone chargers with the driver???!! You've been seeing this woman for the past 6 weeks and stringing me along!" I screamed.

I didn't say anything more and just glared at him. "Baby, you know I love you, right? But this is just sex. I just need to get off every weekend, and this girl is nothing but just an outlet. Hell, I'm bored with her after three minutes!" Scott said. 

"Yes, what do you guys even talk about, I wonder? Pressure points and the different kinds of massage oil? I didn't think you would think with your cock and trade a smart, educated, successful executive like me for an uneducated masseuse!" I exclaimed. "Do you really want to know?" he asked sadly and I said yes. "Well, nothing much really...she is very interested in US novels and the human body. We've talked about the circulatory system. She likes geography..." he trailed off.

"This is ridiculous! Oh I'm sure you're teaching her about the human body, as well as geography of the human body. Really, Scott. Everyday, I keep you company. We chat and talk for hours, even if with the time difference, it's late for me. Then on weekends, you just disappear and discard me like an old toy. I feel like you're making me your emotional prostitute!" I screamed, almost tearing up, but I didn't want to give him the satisfaction of seeing me cry. 

"Alex, please...I don't have any emotional or mental attachment to this woman. She just gives me the kind of sex I crave. I tie her up, beat her and treat her as my slave. You always knew I liked that, and she ties me up too. If you were here with me, I wouldn't even see her. There would be no Susan. Just Alex. We just have sex. But this is nothing other than a fuck buddy arrangement. She gives me sex and we have dinner. So Alex, please...just forgive me. It doesn't mean anything," Scott pleaded.

I said nothing for a few minutes. He continued, "I don't want to be crass, but I would say she's just a vessel for my cum, but do you know that I can't even cum when she's here? Even if we engage in the type of sex that I want, I just can't cum. And the moment I send her away a few hours later, I think of you and I jerk off to you? I know it's sad, but it's very lonely here, Alex." He looked forlorn.

I was so angry I ended the call without saying goodbye. I couldn't believe how stupid I was and I could almost hear my friends saying "I told you so." I liked Scott a lot and was starting to love him, and I thought I could trust him. But I didn't need his lies and how it made everything complicated. No other guy had treated me like this. My pride hurt because while I kept him company every weekday, every Saturday afternoon, he disappeared till Sunday morning to be with his whore. I felt like I was on the weekday shift and the slut was on the Saturday 4 pm till Sunday noontime shift.

Scott called again and again but I rejected the call. He tried over the next few days and sent flowers. He wrote me emails. He left messages on my phone. But I didn't reply. After two weeks of trying, I received a paid open ticket for me to visit and see him. He also wrote that he was very sorry and told Susan that things had to end. As if to prove that, he kept calling on Saturday evenings more often, maybe to demonstrate that he was not with the slut. But I didn't take any of the calls. It didn't impress me. 

Given his history of womanizing, I knew he would make promises like this that he couldn't keep. He'd make me believe that he wasn't seeing the whore but he'd see her anyway and lie. Like that evening that he FaceTimed me without a shirt on and with the TV on, he admitted that Susan was indeed there and that he had sent her to the coffee shop. So what would stop him from doing the same thing in the future, even if he promised that he had ended it?

I thought that Scott had probably done this several times to other women he dated, but I wouldn't let him go off easily. He needed to be taught a hard lesson, and after that, I would break up with him and be done with him.

I had a plan and I would make Scott and his whore pay.

SCOTT

I felt conflicted. I love Alex so much. She's different from any other girl I've dated. She's smart, sexy, confident, successful, beautiful. I didn't even think that she would fall for me. I felt lucky when she finally agreed to be in a relationship with me, but at the same time unworthy. She was a good woman, the only woman I've told all my secrets to and yet still accepted me. She was not only a lover but a dear friend to me, despite my kinky sexual history, and my predilection to womanize. I really didn't want to cheat on her, but being in this godforsaken place had driven me to a different kind of crazy. It was painfully lonely, and when Susan spent the night in my hotel, I couldn't resist.

Susan was a tiny woman, only 5 feet tall, 40 kgs., of mixed Chinese descent. She was slim, had long hair and good skin. She was pleasant, friendly, flirtatious. She wasn't the smartest woman around, not even having finished university, but heck, it wasn't that important, as long as she was giving me a good fuck.

When she rode with me during the three hour trip back to my hotel, she reiterated again that she would just have dinner and that there would be no sex. She said she didn't date married men or men who already had girlfriends. But during the ride, she was flirtatious, letting me kiss her with tongue, and didn't seem to mind even with the driver there. I put my arm around her shoulder, touched her bare thigh and she didn't object. I knew then that the evening would be more than just dinner.

When we got into the room, she said she wanted to give me a massage. The air was electric with anticipation. She was wearing a black tank top with a white open blouse on top of it, a black mini skirt that showed off her legs and high heels. She told me to get on the bed and to undress. She went to the bathroom to get the hand towel and she put it on my bare butt as I was lying face down on my bed. She removed her shoes and her blouse, leaving just the tank and the skirt. She climbed on the bed, sat below my butt and started massaging my back. Knowing that her pussy was so close to my butt gave me such a huge erection.

After awhile, she got off me, raised the towel and asked me to turn over. My cock was semi hard but she just ignored it when she put the towel on it. She looked at me and smiled, as she straddled my thighs. My erection grew as I knew her pussy was inches away from my balls. Her black skirt was hiking up and I could see white lace panties underneath. Then she removed the towel. By this time, my cock was standing in attention. She massaged the top of my thighs and started teasing my cock with her right hand and my balls with her left. I looked at her and knowingly, she said "You look very lonely, Scott. You look like you need some tender loving care," and with that she suddenly bent forward and took my cock into her mouth and gently sucked, never breaking her gaze at my eyes. It was just for a few minutes, but it aroused me and I gasped.

She started removing her tank top and bra. Her breasts were small. She removed her skirt and rolled down her panties. I saw her pussy was shaved. It looked inviting. She sat on the bed, facing me, leaned back and spread her legs, showing off her pussy to me, making the lips open up a little. I saw the pink inside and she was moist. My cock grew harder. 

She asked, "See anything you like?" smiling mischievously. I found myself looking at her pussy and saying, "Yes, that's beautiful," as I continued taking in her pink moistness. "I'd like to make it more wet and lick it." She lay down on the bed and spread her legs. She also spread her lips. Her pussy looked inviting, and I couldn't help but feast on it. I fed on it, moaning with pleasure, while I fondled her boobs. She was so wet and I was so ready. I reached for the condoms on the side table. I quickly opened the package and slid the condom on my dick and rammed my 7 inch cock into her. She moaned as I jack hammered her with my cock. Oh it had been 6 months since I'd had any real sex! 

I would sometimes ask Alex to show me her boobs, or even ask her to masturbate for me on FaceTime, but it wasn't real sex. I was hungry and I wanted to fill Susan with my cum. I squeezed her small breasts and sucked them hungrily. She wrapped her legs around me. I kissed her roughly, as I pumped her. And in just less than ten minutes it was over. I came and continued pumping into her. I pulled away and she sat up to wipe herself with the hand towel. She smiled at me.

I cooked dinner for her while she took a bath and watched TV. We ate, just talking about mundane things. I heard my phone vibrate and saw that Alex was calling but I couldn't take her call. I felt guilty, but I wanted to continue the evening with Susan, so I ignored Alex's calls. I kept looking at my phone though and I was suddenly surprised when Susan got up and grabbed the phone and threw it to the sofa. 

"I'm tired of you not paying attention to me," she suddenly stood up. She was in the hotel bathrobe and held the belt in her hand, with the front open. I could see her breasts and her pussy peeking from the robe. Then she started tying my hands up. Oh my God, I thought. This was the kind of fantasy I always dreamed of. I let her tie me up and we went to the bed. I lay down there and she let me suck her boobs, teasing me. When I was hard, she sat on my cock and rode me. I wanted to touch her but my hands were tied. I begged her to remove the tie but she refused. The phone kept ringing but I ignored it, just enjoying fucking Susan, and listening to the throes of ecstasy between the two of us. 

Pretty much the whole night, we fucked. She was a small woman, so I fucked her standing up, burying my cock into her pussy when she was against the wall. I tied her up and flopped her over the desk to fuck her hard from behind. I asked her to give me a blow job. To be honest, her blowjob was mediocre but it was better than nothing.

I suddenly remembered Alex and her exquisite blowjobs. She loved giving them to me and was so into it; she could suck my cock for 20 minutes and I came each time. Unlike other girls that hated it, Alex loved giving blow jobs and hers were the best I had ever experienced. Best of all, she let me cum into her mouth. She was a very giving lover. I suddenly felt guilty. 

But being the deprived man that I was, I forgot my guilt and wanted to continue having sex with Susan. The pattern got repeated the following week and the next, even if Susan kept saying she didn't do men who were attached. We would just supposedly be going back to my hotel for dinner and drinks, and absolutely no sex. But it always ended up with sex and she was just playing the demure card. It didn't matter that we really couldn't talk much and we didn't have much in common. But every Saturday, I looked forward to banging Susan, who was convenient and willing. However, it made me feel guilty I was cheating on Alex. I had cheated other women before, but I never wanted to cheat my friend and girlfriend Alex.

So when Alex found out about everything, I felt so remorseful. I felt like I screwed up big time. I didn't want to lose her, so I told Susan I could never see her again. Susan took it well. She said she didn't want to have sex with me anymore but just wanted to remain friends. I didn't believe her though, because it's the kind of thing she would say every week. Yet every time I invited her over, she would let me fuck her anyway. And oftentimes, there was some rough sex involved, which I liked.

But deep down, could I keep the promise? Could I give up all the sex that Susan and I were having? Susan was a great fuck buddy. I didn't need to really talk with her or connect with her intellectually or emotionally. She just fucked and did my bidding. She was very conveniently available, subservient. She'd say she didn't want to have sex, but I knew it would happen anyway. But at the same time, I loved Alex. I had disrespected her and I didn't want to lose her. I called, emailed, sent flowers, and even sent a ticket to see me, but she was obviously pissed and ignored all my efforts to apologize. 

But those weeks when Alex was ignoring me, I tried not to see Susan, but everytime I went into town, I felt myself gravitating towards the spa and wanting to see her and I did. It would end in sex again, though Susan said she didn't really like sex and was just doing it to please me. I really wanted Alex to forgive me, though at the back of my mind, I also didn't want to give up sex. I know, I'm the biggest, conflicted asshole ever.
