 I stepped out onto the patio of my townhome apartment and pulled the door closed behind me. The sunny afternoon was muggy and warm, not the best weather for a run, but it was now or never. Tucking my phone into my armband, I plugged in my headphones and as I was raising the earbuds to my ears the sound of a door slamming startled me. It came from the apartment beside mine. Walking around the wooden dividing fence, I saw one of my neighbors angrily flinging leaves off his patio with an old straw broom. He huffed in frustration.

"Hey, Nick," I said, cautiously stepping onto his patio. "Everything okay?"

He looked up and scowled. His chiseled, tan face was already damp with sweat. "You ever get so pissed off that you just start cleaning?" he asked sharply. He yanked a chair out from under the glass-top patio table and swept underneath it.

I laughed. "Uh, no. Not ever," I told him, shaking my auburn ponytail. "What's got you all bent out of shape?"

Nick paused to lean the broom against the dividing fence and lifted the hem of his gray t-shirt up to wipe off his forehead. His taught six pack was nicely defined in his deep tan. Releasing the shirt, he looked back at me through dark blue eyes and stretched his arms over his head, flexing his huge biceps. I felt my mouth go dry and a tingle spring up between my legs. Nick is hot, and he knows it. 

"Nothing important," he said finally, shaking his head dismissively. "You going out for another run?"

I narrowed my eyes at him. "What do you mean 'another' run?"

He shrugged one shoulder. "I saw you this morning while I was walking the dogs." I noticed that he emphasized the "I."

"Don't you and Kelly usually walk them together?" I asked.

"Not when she's being a bitch and complaining about everything," he spat. He snatched the broom from its spot and began swatting at the leaves again.

That explains it. "Well if you two get into it again, feel free to come clean my place," I said with a smirk, turning away.

Nick laughed. "Yeah okay," he said sarcastically.

"You know, whenever I get pissed, I workout," I said over my shoulder.

"Did that already."

I was about to leave, but I realized I had an opening that I just had to take. I turned to face him with a mischievous smile. 

"You know what's also a good way to blow off steam?" I ventured, stepping around the table. His eyes darkened as he looked down at me. "A long, hard cardio workout." His eyes swept up my body from my hot pink running sneakers to the teal and purple tiger-striped Lycra leggings to the loose-fitting heather gray racerback tank. He leaned the broom against the fence again and closed the distance between us with one short step. His firm pecs were just inches away from my breasts and my nipples instantly hardened when his chest lightly brushed against mine.

"What kind of long, hard cardio would you suggest?" he asked, his voice thick and deep.

I had to stand on my tip toes to be eye level and when I did, he dragged me into a kiss. But as suddenly as he'd grabbed me, he released me and stepped back. Nick shook his head then gave me a sheepish half smile. 

"Sorry. Just saw an opening, I guess." He took another step backwards. "I should go." 

He retrieved the broom and reached around me to push the chair back under the table. 

"Enjoy your run." 

Nick turned away and opened the door but I caught his wrist as he stepped into the air conditioned back hallway of his apartment. 

I followed him the few steps into the hallway, pushed him back against the door as it closed and kissed him. Our tongues fought for space as our hands rapidly explored each other's bodies. I finally got to caress that six pack that I'd drooled over each time I'd seen him at the pool as his hands cupped my full breasts, which I'd seen him staring at on more than one occasion. His cock was impressively big and hard as steel under his red basketball shorts. I wrapped one leg around his hips and he lifted me so I could do the same with the other. Suddenly he broke the kiss and we locked eyes.

"Kelly will be back in an hour," he panted.

"Then hurry up," I said. 

Nick pressed his lips to mine again and we kissed deeper and faster as he turned around and carried me up the stairs to his bedroom. Not wasting any time, he set me down on the high bed and yanked my leggings and panties down to my ankles. He dropped to his knees at the edge of the bed and buried his face between my legs. I gasped sharply when I felt his warm, soft tongue quickly slide across my clit then plunge into my slick pussy. His held my hip tightly with one hand as he suddenly drove two fingers into my channel. Nick twisted and flexed his fingers inside me then began to suck on my clit. My gasping breaths became echoing moans. I clutched the bedspread and begged him not to stop.

"Mmmm...Nick...I'm so close..."

He pulled away and climbed to his feet, shoving his shorts down over his thick thighs. His cock sprang free, standing at attention. I quickly sat up and, wrapping my hand around the wide shaft, I began to lick circles around the head. Nick sighed and he rested his hands on my head. 

"Uhh... Kelly never goes down on me..." he moaned. "Oh my god your mouth feels so good!"

He rocked his hips towards my mouth as I bobbed my head faster. Slipping a hand between his legs, I gently cradled his balls in my palm. I heard him draw in a sharp breath when I began to carefully squeeze and release them.

"I'm...gonna...cum..." he panted.

Nick reached down and seized my shoulders, hauling me to my feet. He quickly spun me around and, walking me around to the adjacent side of the bed bent me forward over it. The mattress was so high off the floor that I didn't have to bend my knees or stand on my toes. Grasping my hips with both hands, he rubbed the head of his cock against my soaked entrance, letting it slip in and out a couple times. Then, tightening his grip, he quickly drove his ten inches deep into my throbbing pussy. I cried out with that sweet mixture of pleasure and pain, resting my forehead against the mauve bedspread. He withdrew completely and paused.

"Look up," he said, his voice strained.

Lifting my head, I saw myself in the mirrored doors of the closet. My auburn hair was falling from its elastic band and my eyes were wide as Nick loomed over me, his hands tightly holding my hips. We made eye contact in the mirror and he thrust in as far as he could go, the tip of him bumping into my cervix. I watched his face as he thrust into my pussy until I couldn't concentrate on anything but the building orgasm. He moaned louder and so did I. Our moans became cries that echoed throughout the room as he pounded faster and faster. I pushed my hips back towards him and did my best to match his pace.

"Harder, Nick. Fuck me harder!" I cried into the mattress.

Nick happily complied, yanking my hips back as he slammed harder and deeper. It hurt, but in the best way possible. I shuddered as I felt his swinging balls slapping into my clit. He leaned forward over me and held onto my shoulders as his pace quickened. I knew my roommate was home, so I didn't want to get too loud, but being impaled on Nick's amazing pole was too much to control. We'd heard Kelly's moans through the wall a few times. He really was that good. He stood again and wrapped his hands back around my hips. The first orgasm crashed into me like a speeding car hitting a wall. I reached for a pillow to muffle my cry, but Nick knocked them into the floor.

"I want to hear you scream, baby," he said through gritted teeth, pounding ever faster.

A ragged scream escaped my lips as wave after wave of pleasure washed through my body. I began to involuntarily shake and Nick reached around my waist to quickly rub and pinch my clit. With each brush of his fingers, my body convulsed. The walls of my pussy clenched around his cock and he threw back his head with a wavering moan.

A second orgasm was building when I felt his cock twitching inside my dripping canal. He was really close. 

"Do you want me to cum in your pussy, or somewhere else?" he groaned into my ear.

"Wherever you want," I gasped. "Just don't stop! Fuck me as hard as you can!"

Nick rapidly picked up the pace and his fingers tightened around my hip bones. He thrust in harder and deeper than I ever imagined was possible. I had no moans left. The only sounds coming from my mouth were sharp cries of pain and ecstasy. I was on the edge of a second full-body orgasm when Nick slammed in one last time and came with a loud, deep moan that I'd never heard through the wall. That pushed me over the edge and the second orgasm hit me like a ton of bricks. 

He collapsed onto me and we lay still on the bed, trying to catch our breaths. I could feel his heart racing against my back. His cock was still rock hard when he rolled away onto his back. Glancing up at the clock, I saw that we had about fifteen minutes left before Kelly was expected to be home. I crawled over to him and, holding his cock with a hand, began to quickly suck the glistening head. His hips twitched upward and he put a hand on my shoulder.

"I can't...cum again..." he panted. 

I looked up at him and winked. I carefully licked every drop of my juice and his cum off his cock. Nick's hands drifted up to my head and he pulled the elastic from around my ponytail, letting my hair spill around my shoulders. He swept it back up into a ponytail and held on with both hands as he rocked his hips up to my mouth. I swirled my tongue back and forth around the thick shaft when I moved my head down and sucked hard when I raised back up. I looked up and saw that Nick had his head back and eyes closed. I moved faster and his moaning grew louder. Suddenly he thrust upwards into my mouth, his cock slipped slightly down into my throat, and he came with an echoing yell. His body jerked and jumped as hot cum splashed into the back of my throat. Dropping back onto the bed, Nick released my hair and gasped for breath. 

"I'll...come get you...next time...she starts...a fight..." 

I smiled. "Speaking of fights, you might want to clean up," I told him. "Yourself and this room."

I stood and held out a hand to him which he accepted. I pulled up my panties and leggings as I watched him undress. He kicked off his sneakers and pulled off his socks, shorts, and shirt. The sight of him completely naked, and knowing what he was capable of, had my mouth watering. But I had to forcefully remind myself that I needed to leave. I was turning towards the door when he grabbed me from behind and pulled me back against his chest. I could feel that his cock was beginning to harden again.

"I'm off tomorrow," he purred.

I pivoted on my heel and faced him. "Me too." I stood on tiptoe and wrapped a hand around his shaft then slowly sucked his earlobe between my lips. Nick sighed against my neck. Quickly releasing him, I skipped out of the bedroom towards the staircase. I left his apartment through the backdoor then jogged around to the front of the building so that I could enter my apartment through the front door like I always did after a run. My roommate was sitting cross-legged on the couch with a bowl of popcorn in her lap and a wide grin on her face. I frowned at her.

"What?" I asked as I closed the door and kicked off my sneakers.

"You should've been here!" she declared, practically beaming. "Nick and Kelly were fucking again."

I did my best to stifle a smile as I walked past her towards the staircase.