 I met Mrs E on the way back from a mid-morning run down to the beach. She had been out running also, and our routes converged at the top of the bridle path where it joins the road across the dunes.

“Mr M!” she said as our paths met, “lovely day for it!” I nodded back, catching my breath.

It was a warm day with a bit of sea breeze, so we were lightly dressed, stood on the side of the road. Mrs E was in running leggings, singlet and sports bra underneath, me in shorts and a light t-shirt. We were both glowing from our respective runs, sweat showed on her neck and I could feel it slick on my back.

“Come on in for a drink?” she said, pointing down the road toward her house. The kids were at school and her husband away on business, so the big house would be empty.

“Sure, that’d be great, thanks!” I replied, and we turned and jogged on down the road, crossing over and up to the side door to Mrs E’s big yellow house.

Mrs E pushed in through the door and kicked her running shoes off, padding onto the cool tiles in the kitchen in bare feet. I kicked my shoes off and followed, trying not to look at her pert bottom in those tight running leggings. Her thighs and calves were wonderfully shapely and toned as well.

Mrs E was in her 40’s somewhere, but had taken good care of herself. Her eyes were big and brown, set above pretty cheekbones and a mouth given to smile. Her hair was dark and normally swept back when she was out running. She was wearing no makeup I could see, and her natural beauty was something I had long been aware of. Up top she had small breasts that still had some pertness to them, and normally dressed sensibly and demurely.

She reached into a cupboard and pulled a couple of glasses out that she filled with cold water from the tap. I stepped further into the room and accepted the glass from her with a smile that she warmly returned.

We both took long drinks from the glasses and when I returned my gaze to Mrs E she was looking at me with a smile playing around the corners of her lips and a strange look in her almond eyes. Mrs E and I had always got on, but it suddenly looked like she had something else in mind.

She padded forward across the kitchen to me and put a hand out onto my chest. My shirt was damp from the run and stuck to the flesh of my chest. As she got closer I caught a blast of warmth from her own skin and before I knew it she was pressed up against me, standing on her tip toes to reach my face. I could smell the sweet sweat on her neck, and the perfume from her pulled-up hair as she looked up at me.

Without a delay our lips met, and the pent-up heat of our desires was unleashed. She put her hands up around my head, pulling my lips to her for a tighter fit and a deeper probing with her tongue. My hands dropped to her waist, pulling her closer, sliding my hands around the waistline of her leggings.

Without too much difficulty I leaned down and hooked my hands underneath her thighs, and lifted her off the ground. She wrapped her legs around my waist and within a couple of steps I had sat her on the kitchen counter, her legs still pinning me to her.

We kissed more and her hands roamed up and down my back, under my T shirt. I leaned back and pulled the shirt off, and she leaned in and kissed and licked at the sweat on my chest. I pulled at her singlet also and pulled it over her head, allowing me to get at the nape of her neck and scratch my fingernails down her back.

“Oh god... Mr M...” she murmured and ground her crotch into my lap, her hands pulling through my hair. Suddenly she gripped a handful of my hair and pulled my head back up to hers.

“I need you to fuck me. Right now!” she growled, shoving her other hand down between us and gripping the bulge in my shorts. 

“Mrs E!” I replied with a smile, and lifted her off the kitchen counter. I carried her, still grinding, through to the lounge at the back of the house, where a leather sofa stood facing out of the patio windows. I carried her to the back of it and let her down gently onto it, and she unwrapped her legs from around me and dropped to the floor.

Without waiting to be asked, I reached down and pulled down her running leggings, down to her knees. Her pubic hair was dark and neatly trimmed. As I stood back up she pulled down my shorts, and my rock-hard dick sprang to attention. I span her around on the spot and bent her firmly over the back of the sofa, with her pert and shapely bottom now in front of my throbbing cock. 

“Ohhhhh.... Mr M...” she moaned as I ran my hand up the inside of her thighs, spreading her legs apart. My fingers reached the moist warmth of her pussy and I gently spread her lips apart, brushing her clit as I did so. 

“Come on Mr M, fuck me!” she all but shouted over her shoulder as I massaged her pussy with one hand and stroked my cock with the other.

“Damn, you’re very wet, Mrs E.” I murmured, and positioned myself behind her quivering bottom. I gripped my cock at the shaft and guided the head into the welcoming folds of her pussy and with one thrust buried myself balls deep in her.

“Holy SHIT Mr M!” she shouted, “give a girl some warning before you do that!”

She pushed her hips back, forcing my cock deeper still into her, and I gripped her hips with both hands, enjoying the view of her arse and her spread cheeks against my groin.

“OK Mrs E, time for you to get fucked.” I growled, and started to pull back and push forward into her. Her hands gripped the sofa and mine held onto her waist as I upped the tempo, driving into her faster and harder.

“Oh... Oh... Uh... FUCK... ME....” a series of noises and half-formed words escaped from her mouth in time with my thrusts in and out of her sopping pussy. She squealed and writhed on my cock, getting louder and louder as our bodies slapped together.

I could feel my orgasm building, feel the warm tightness in my balls as they swung with each push. 

“Ahhhh, Mrs E, are you ready for my come!” I growled.

“WAIT, WAIT!” She replied and pulled herself off my dick and quickly span around.

She dropped to her knees in front of me and pulled down her tight sports bra, and her small breasts popped into view with her nipples fully erect. She grabbed my cock in one hand and cupped her left breast with the other, and began to urgently wank my cock in the direction of her breasts.

“Come on me Mr M! Cover me in your come!” She ordered, jerking my cock, still slick from her pussy juices.

Well, I didn’t need asking twice and with a shudder I blew my come all over her breasts. She squealed as the hot spunk hit her skin, and she made sure that her chest got a good covering.

Spent, I leant my weight on the back of the sofa that had so recently taken a pounding from us, and took several deep breaths.

Mrs E looked down at her come-splattered chest with that same sparkle in her eye and a happy smile. She stood up, stepped out of her leggings and pants and grabbed my hand.

“You’ve made a mess, Mr M, you need to help me clean up.” And with that she led me out of the room and up the stairs toward the bathroom.

End of Part 1