 I had decided to take my weekend stroll in Golden Ears Provincial Park, which was a few hours' drive from my house. I packed my small khaki knapsack with a peanut butter and strawberry jam sandwich, a few 750ml bottles of water, a package of Kleenex, and my little point and shoot 35mm camera. Oh yes, and I almost forgot to pack the mini first aid kit, but I grabbed it on my way out the door. Then I was off! 

My little grey car purred east through the Fraser Valley, and up to the mountains. I remembered my previous little grey car, an 89 Toyota Tercel, fondly, but sadly the trusty beast hadn't the guts to make it up the mountains. Poor thing. And on I motored, passing many campers and RV's, out to enjoy the sunny Saturday. I was tempted to nibble on my sandwich, but I knew it was for later, where there wouldn't be any convenience stores in the Park. So, I pulled into a Circle K and grabbed an apple and an energy drink. 

I was really looking forward to my hike. I had started doing my hikes with my friend, Martha, but she really didn't like the idea of not "going" somewhere, so she began to cancel more often then not. Now I hiked alone, and I quite enjoyed the solitude of it. Alone, I didn't disturb the birds as much, and often they kept right on singing as I walked by. I took photographs of the beautiful scenes I discovered, and stuck the best of them in my hiking scrapbook. So far I had twenty photos in the book, and I was determined to fill the rest of the pages by the end of the year. It was a challenge I had made to myself, and I loved a good challenge!

I pulled into the parking lot at the trailhead I had chosen, and parked my car. Slinging my knapsack over my shoulder, I popped the hood and unplugged the spark plug leads. Then I locked the car up tight, and headed up the trail. 

The dirt path began under a thick canopy of cedar and pine trees, and started almost immediately to climb uphill. After ten minutes I was breathing hard, and decided to take a rest against a tree. Unfortunately, just as I was leaning my back on the trunk, I felt a tackiness grip my tshirt. I had just been sapped! Ick! I avoided getting the mess on my fingers as I inspected it. Not too much, just a small patch of yellowish stickiness was on the right shoulder of the back of my shirt. With a sigh of resignation, I decided to carry on my way.

The path was quiet, as it was still early enough in the day that most tourists and hikers hadn't arrived yet. I enjoyed myself, walking peacefully along the winding path. Water dripped here and there through the canopy, remainders of last night's shower. My mind began to slowly clear itself of all the week's worries. I felt at peace with myself and the world, and it was wonderfully intoxicating. 

I was jolted out of my reverie by a jogger and his German Shepherd. They huffed by me and quickly disappeared around the next bend. His footfalls were muffled by the thick carpet of browned pine needles, so he didn't disturb me for long. Again, I was steeped in the peace of the forest. 

An hour later, I reached the first waterfall on the trail. It was a beautiful sight. The great grey boulders jutted out of the white rapids, and the constant spray created a rainbow effect above the rushing water. I rested on a rock, and immersed myself in the sounds of the waterfall. I dug into my knapsack and withdrew my sandwich and a water bottle. It was time for lunch. I munched contemplatively, but wasn't hungry enough for the other half of the sandwich, so I wrapped it back up and put it back in my sack. Then I gulped down some water. Sucking the last of the peanut butter and jam off my teeth, I watched the spray. 

Suddenly I realized I was not alone! To my left stood a blonde haired man about fifteen feet away on another large rock. A black dog sat at his feet attentively. A pink tongue was lolling out of the dog's mouth as it watched its master's every move. Its master was waving at me, and crying "Halloo" over the din of the waterfall. I looked around, and concluded that he was indeed talking to me, so I picked up my knapsack and hopped over a few rocks to reach him. I could always return to my solitude in a few minutes. 

"Hello there," he said. His blue eyes met mine, and I could not break the glance. He had a beautiful Australian accent, and his face was weathered bronze. Now, an accent usually does not phase me, but a true Aussie drawl gets to me every time. I just can't help feeling giggly and smiling like a little schoolgirl. As we shook hands, I could feel my knees knocking and my pussy dampening. His biceps weren't overly large, but they were sculpted enough that I could see them move with every action. I love to watch a man's muscles. They speak to me like poetry, telling me the story of the man's body, where it's been, how it works, and what it enjoys best. I could watch this man's muscles all day, I was immediately certain.

"I was just about to take a rest here, and I noticed you all alone over there." He pronounced "there" as "theyah," and it melted my heart. "I thought we both might like some company, so I called you over. I would have come over there, but my dog here wouldn't have made that last jump to your rock. I would have had to jump in the river to save her!" Immediately my Australian began swimming confidently through the raging waters of my mind, his hiking outfit slicked to his strong body. His dirty blonde hair wasn't even wet as he rose from the water with his noble canine companion in his arms. 

Social graces compelled me to speak at this point. "Thanks for the invitation. I was getting a little lonely over there. The path sure is quiet today. My name is Erin, what's yours?" I tried not to look longingly at him, but it was very difficult. I gave up, and admired his dog instead. "Andy's my name. And this here is Roo. I named her that because she was such a little runt when she was a pup, but now she's grown up quite big enough. She's a purebred Australian whatsit." He kept a straight face, waiting for me to ask the obvious question. I fell for it, and said, right on cue, "A purebred what?"

"No, a whatsit." Andy laughed out loud. It was a hearty, easy laugh, as if he didn't have a care in the world. I smiled at first, then laughed too. Roo watched us both curiously, then lay at our feet. The rock was large enough and flat enough for us all to sit down, so we did. We began to talk about places we'd seen on our hikes. I absolutely adored his voice, so I pressed him with questions to keep him talking. Andy gestured excitedly with his hands as he spoke. After a while, though, I found one of his hands had drifted to a rest on top of one of mine. I enjoyed his touch immensely, and began to smile again. I tried to smile only to myself, but Andy caught sight of it just before I tucked it away. He stopped talking, and even Roo looked at me. Suddenly, the sound of rushing water was drowned out by the beating of my heart. His blue eyes found mine, and seemed to reassure them, and to caress my eyes lovingly with the glances of his own. I found myself leaning forward, and sure enough, our lips met. It was a tender, soft kiss, so full of electricity that we dared not kiss with more vitality, for fear the flying sparks might singe our eyebrows. After ten seconds that felt like minutes, we parted. Roo was comically looking questioningly up at us, one ear cocked and one ear flopped. Both Andy and I giggled at her, then he jumped to his feet and took my hand. "Here, follow me. I know a place." So I did.

Jumping from rock to rock with Roo only one jump behind, Andy led me to a small sandy beach. The path was out of sight above our heads, and the earth climbed up to it in a nearly sheer muddy wall at our backs. The cool water pooled at the beach, and bubbled quietly around submerged stones. It was a perfect spot, and I was just about to get cynical about his knowledge of it, when Andy said, "I come here for lunch when I hike. It's the perfect spot to watch the eagles fishing." And I knew he was right. 

We immediately began to kiss while we were still standing. I closed my eyes, and it sounded and seemed as if we were alone in the middle of a rushing river. My heart was beating quickly, and I felt my own river between my legs. I was afraid to make the first move towards undressing, but Andy appeared to be waiting for my signal. His courtesy turned me on more than I could have imagined, and it lent me courage. I broke from our kiss, and reached up to the top button on his hiking shirt. My fingers were shaking, and I struggled with the button. Finally it popped out of its hole, and I hurriedly moved on to the next one. Andy reached down and enclosed my hands in one of his, and he smiled at me. "Slow down, we're not in a hurry. Why don't we have some fun and enjoy this moment together?"

I blushed and felt foolish. Of course Andy was right. I felt like I had been caught necking in a dark parking lot, and told to go get a room at a hotel. I smiled up at him and nodded. As I worked slowly at the second button, Andy's hand brushed my hot cheek, and I closed my eyes and nuzzled into it for a moment. As the button was released, I placed a soft kiss on his newly exposed chest. He had soft blonde chest hair, and it drove me wild. I continued with the third button, eager to see the rest of his magnificent body. I could feel Andy smiling down at me, and I looked just to be sure, and of course, he was. Third button done, I kissed his chest again. His flesh was warm and firm. After the fourth button, I rested my left ear on his chest, and I could hear his heart pounding loud and strong, in sharp contrast to my own fluttery, excited hummingbird heart. 

To reach the eighth button I had to tug his shirttails out of his khaki shorts with the buttoned pockets. He moaned a little as I pulled the cotton, and I smiled privately, successfully keeping it to myself this time. Once all the buttons were freed, I opened Andy's shirt and pushed it back off his shoulders and down his arms. I just about fainted, running my small hands over his biceps. The lifeblood was so strong in his veins, and my eyes were once again transfixed by the slightest movement of his muscles. Andy dropped the shirt, and gently pulled my chin upwards for another kiss. This time it was deep, and our tongues met in the dark. I felt electricity shoot through me and travel right to my nipples and pussy. Oh how everything ached with need!

As if he could sense my urgency, Andy traced quick kisses down my jaw line and then neck. Then he drew the bottom of my T-shirt up over my belly, so teasingly slow. As skin was revealed, he stroked it lightly with his fingers, making me tingle from top to toe. Finally he exposed my sport bra, and then quickly lifted the collar over my head. I lifted my arms again for him to remove my bra. He obliged, again oh so slowly. Overcome with desire, I dove in for another passionate kiss as soon as the bra was past my face. Andy kissed me back for a few moments, then bent down to study my bare breasts. His warm, curious fingers were soon replaced by a moist tongue. The tip of Andy's nose was chilled, and it worked as a pleasant counterpoint to his hot breath on my skin. My nipples that had been aching for his touch now swelled and tingled with desire. The sensations were incredible, and after a few minutes of Andy's attentions I was short of breath and nearly dizzy. 

In a heated rush, I fumbled with the fly of my shorts, then dropped them to my ankles. Suddenly, I felt silly standing there in my little white cotton panties. But something felt so right about it, and Andy gathered me into his arms and carefully laid me on the dark sand. He knelt beside me, and I reached to undo his shorts. I could feel his manhood pressing against the cloth, and I my nipples perked even harder with my desire. After a minute of fumbling, Andy stood and removed his shorts and underwear himself. He stood over me for a moment, and I admired his beautiful cock. It stood straight out at least six inches, and was half as thick as his wrist. What was incredible was the height at which Andy's veins stood. They created a landscape of mountains and valleys that I yearned to map with my body. 

Andy kissed me once more, then knelt between my legs. He felt the warmth of my pussy by pressing his palm against the crotch of my panties. At this point he looked up at me with a big smile and exclaimed, "You're a wet sheila!" I giggled and blushed, and with one swift motion, he whisked my last piece of clothing off my body. I closed my eyes in excited anticipation. I was not disappointed! A second later I gasped when Andy's tongue brushed my labia from back to front, opening my flower to him. He teased and tickled, and flicked my little bud of a clitoris until it thrummed with tension. He had me gasping and heaving under his mouth, squeezing my nipples in ecstasy, but my need was still growing to feel him inside me. 

I reached down to his head, and pushed his face into my pussy, grinding his tongue against my wetness. I came with a yelp and a gasp, and lay back on the sand, exhausted for the moment. Through my closed eyes, I could feel Andy eyeing me hungrily. And oh how I needed him! After a few deep breaths of fresh mountain air, I propped open my eyes and found Andy's face hovering above mine. We kissed, and I tasted the tangy flavour of my own juices. The musky odor turned me on even more. I reached down for a handful of thick cock and was instantly satisfied. He was as hard as the rocks in the river, and as eager as a rutting elk. I guided him into my darkness, and he pushed slowly but steadily. I closed my eyes with the pleasure of being filled by living, breathing flesh. And those veins! Oh I could feel the ridges move inside me and it felt divine! 

Andy started up a slow rhythm at first. He swayed back and forth over me, taking many breaks to kiss passionately. Soon, though, our urgency would not be checked. He began thrusting hard, and I begged him to not hold back. I dug my nails into his tight, pale buttocks, and pulled him into me with each stroke. His hard, hairy chest rubbed against my pert nipples, and they felt as if they would burst into fire from the friction. Every inch of my body was straining towards our climax. Suddenly, the wave crested. Andy gave a yell and an extra firm thrust, and my spine and flesh exploded in pleasure. I gasped and sighed and moaned, pressing against Andy's thrust, burying his pulsing penis deep inside me. 

After a few finishing strokes and a tender kiss, Andy withdrew. We both washed in the river, holding our breath against the chill water. A few minutes later, I shared the other half of my peanut butter and jam sandwich with him while we sun-dried on the sand. He and I chatted about music, movies, and the deeper meaning of life. Love was never mentioned. We both knew we had shared something very special, and to name it might break the magic spell of the early afternoon. 

We walked down the path together, sometimes talking and sometimes in silence. At my car, I gave Roo the whatsit a hug and I got a lick on the cheek in return. To Andy I gave a deep, lingering kiss. Then he and Roo walked off down the road and around the bend. And that was my Australian adventure!