 Give me your hand, follow me. Its a beautiful,

sunny day, a gentle breeze rustling the leaves in the tall oaks beside the creek. Walk with me, smell the fresh air, listen to the water flowing over the small rocks in the creek. The day is warm, but not too hot, shorts and cut-off white T shirt weather. Stopping beside the creek, I turn to face you. Realeasing my hand,my hands sliding up your arms to rest on your shoulders, you take my face into your hands, lean into me, and gently kiss my bottom lip, sucking it between your own warm, wet lips. Smiling, looking down at the ground, almost in a childlike manner, I again take your hand into mine, and begin to walk.

Just ahead, there is a clearing, a wide open field of scarcely growing, tall grass. As we step out into the warm sunshine, I again turn and face you. Wrapping your arms around my waist, you pull me into you, pressing your lips hard against mine. Your hands resting just at the small of my back, my long, soft hair falling down to cover them, I begin to lick right around your lips, slowly, I want to taste you. Taking a step back, looking at you, looking over my shoulder, looking back at you, in a "come get me" way.....I turn and run, noticing clouds in a still bright blue sky. Laughing, look back, I see you chasing me, catching me with one arm around my waist, we stumble and fall to the ground, laughing, you move over on top of me, and kiss me, looking into my baby blue eyes.

 Gently, ever so gently, a light rain begins to fall through the bright sunshine rays. (that happens alot in Georgia). Leaning up on my elbows, looking up at the sunny blue sky, my white shirt becoming wetter from the warm rain thats falling. Just a slight vision of a nipple through the wetness. Sliding your hand under my shirt, you grasp the satin fabric of my bra, as you reach for the clasp in the middle, your forearm gliding across my nipple, sending ripples of desire through me. Finding the clasp, releasing it, my breasts falling free, into the warm rain. Sending drops of rain cascading down my tummy, and being soaked up by my cutoff shorts. Leaning down, taking my nipple gently between your lips, sucking, your tongue circling, and flicking back and forth, causing a soft moan of pure desire to escape my lips.

  My hands on the back of your neck, I manage, "Shawn?". Looking up at me, you see the expression on my face, longing, aching, you seee it all. Slowly sliding my wet shorts down my thighs, moving my white satin thong to one side, revealing my shaved pussy. I reach down to hold the thong out of your way, you look up and smile at me, before diving into the pink, wet folds of my rain soaked cunt. I jump as your tongue glides across my clit, sending those ripples again. Sucking my clit between your lips, I am dieing here..... no longer able to resist, I begin to move my hips up and down, as you slide your tongue into my now aching pussy, moving, fucking your tongue for all I can get. I feel the inside walls of my pussy begin to quiver, my movements quickening, as I feel my orgasm approaching. My God, thats hot, feeling a rush of heat move from deep inside me somewhere, and move all the way to the tip of your tongue, I grip the grass below me, moaning, louder, quicker, my heart beating faster, feeling my insides begin to quiver, convulse, as my juices flow from me with each spasm of my pussy walls. Come here, I want to kiss you, I want to suck my juices from your

tongue.    As I am licking your lips, tasting me, you are tossing clothes, as your cock is allowed to be free. Moving almost frantically, to get myself arranged under you, I reach down, taking your cock into my hand, and guiding the head to my aching, soaked pussy lips. Looking into my eyes, you slowly, teasingly slide your cock deep inside me. Catching my breathe, I begin to bring my hips up to meet your thrusts. Feels great to finally have you inside my depths, can feel every ripple of flesh as you slide deep, in and out of me. Kissing you, I feel that familiar rush of heat, my pussy grasping your cock, sucking, begging for more, look at me Shawn, Im going to cum all over your cock, I want you to see me cum, while you feel my pussy suck every drop of your juices inside me. I want to feel our juices run out down your cock, and out of me, running down my ass and dripping off your balls. Reaching around behind you, taking your balls into my hand, swueezing gently, feeling you grow harder, stretching my pussy with your cock, cum for me baby. 

 Collapsing on top of me, I ask you to please let me taste us. With a tired smile, you roll over onto the ground, I move down your body, gentle sucking your cockhead between my lips, enjoying every drop of our juices. Licking you clean and lying down beside you. The rain has stopped, the sun is setting, and soon we will be looking at the moon and stars.