 Anna

Lazily Anna blinked and lifted her head up off the pillow. Bright morning sunlight gleamed all around her.

It came in through the many windows of the room along with the scented perfumes of a thousand entwining flowers. Truly, this place was a paradise!

She looked behind her quickly, but the bed was empty. Where had he gone?

In surprise, she reflected on the fact of how bereft she felt at not knowing where her man was. In reality he was to her still mostly a stranger, but well, not really. Not after yesterday. She felt herself blush again.

A breeze flickered through the room and she heard the ruffle of a paper nearby. Leaning forward, she grabbed it up and read it, as a part of her relished seeing her man's handwriting for the first time. It was quite good.

"Good morning Anna. I... last night was better than I ever expected my first time with a woman could be. I am beyond pleased to call you my wife and I look forward to the years ahead of us with earnest desire. I had to attend to something in regards to my brother, Torin, in terms of his delay in coming, but I hope to be back by 10 o'clock. I'd love to talk with you and learn more about you and well undress you all over again. I really can't believe that with everything that did happen yesterday that I didn't get the opportunity of tasting even one of your luscious breasts. I will do so on my return and more. I'm so glad you're here Anna. It's more than just the physical delight, I find in you that makes me say that. Simply sleeping last night with you was an experience. You make me feel far less alone than I ever have in my adult life. I... I should stop making a fool of myself I suppose. I took the liberty of drawing you a bath. I hope it's still warm for you, but it is the tropics and so nothing ever really gets all that cold. See you soon."

Anna looked up from the letter. She stared into space for a solid moment before breaking into an emotional outburst of tears as she folded her hands together and said, "Oh God, thank you so much! It... I, oh gosh, it's almost 10 o'clock!" She exclaimed, as her teary eyes found a clock in the room.

She bounded up off the bed and took a big step towards an adjoining room which she saw the corner of a porcelain tub sticking out of. That stride forward told her something.

She'd never been this sore in her feminine parts in all her life. Literally, she was married to a virtual stallion of a man.

Forcing herself to walk, she brought one hand up to her mouth as she said, "Oh dear!" As the sensation of her husband's excessive amount of seed trickling down the inside of her one thigh became a reality to her.

Married life with this man was going to prove interesting, but she didn't care. Far from feeling disgusted by the outpouring of his seed she instead almost felt like it was a badge of honor somehow.

The water was still warm and with relish she sank into it. There was no time to take it easy though. She wanted to be ready for him when he returned.

~~~~~~~

I made my way through the bedroom carrying the large tray in one hand poised overhead as I held a pitcher of juice in the other. I heard a rustling stir from the direction of the bathroom, as I made my way past it, but I didn't stop to look.

My eyes took in the sheet tossed bed and ripped apart dress and undergarments by the bed. It was a beautiful sight and with a smile I continued on through a pair of glass doors that I had opened earlier.

I set the tray down on a stone table as well as the pitcher. From there I went to the railing to gaze down upon the hustle and bustle of an empire on the rise.

It was a good sight to behold. A miracle really.

I had much to be grateful for. Much!

I heard a stir on the patio behind me and turning I beheld the glory of my wife fresh from her bath. Her hair was still wet and was an outright mass of curls and all it did was to make her even fresher in appearance than she already was.

She was encased in a bathrobe and I well knew she wore nothing else as I hadn't had any of her luggage brought up yet. Why do that when with the propensity of the desire I had for her right now I was liable to just tear them all off her anyway.

Her eyes kept drifting from me to the food and quickly I said, "Eat my love!"

She gave a quick smile of appreciation to me and hurried to the table and sat down. She wasted no time either in terms of reacquainting herself with food.

I found it simply a delight to watch her. If she only knew what I intended to do once she'd gotten some breakfast in her.

From time to time she glanced to me curiously, until finally she asked, "Aren't you going to eat?"

"No, not yet. Eat your fill and then I will."

Her eyebrows rose slightly, but after a moment she went back to eating. Finally done, she looked around the patio.

She looked one way and then the other. This was a private balcony and despite the sounds of work in the distance to give evidence to the existence of others we were entirely alone in this idyllic setting.

She turned her chair slightly away from the table to better face me and there she sat as an open invitation for me. One of her toned white thighs split through the opening of her robe in a clear temptation of me.

Her eyes were downcast, but it was clear that she was intent on seducing me. Well, she'd succeeded.

I approached slowly to stand before her. She looked up and the ready intent in her eyes to please me was there. Reaching down I took her hands and pulled her to her feet.

Demurely she stood before me as my hands undid the sash at her waist and pulled her robe to the side until it fell to heap about her feet upon the warm tiles of the patio. There she stood unashamedly naked as I did what I'd said I'd do.

I bent down and with hunger my lips fastened onto one of her turgid nipples. Letting my teeth lightly graze it I heard her sharp intake of breath even as I relished how sensitive she was.

I let her nipple fall out of my mouth and I graced the other twin to the first with the same treatment only this time I let her feel the sucking pressure of my lips a bit more. She came partly up onto her tiptoes and with a smile I let her nipple pull free of my mouth.

Straightening I stared at her as my hands coaxed exploratively across her flesh. She was mine to do with however I wanted and the message was clear that she was willing to be mine.

I loved that, even as I acknowledged that I loved her. I kissed her and she kissed me back.

I let the kiss drag on even as I felt her hands raise to frame my face. My hands settled upon her wide hips as I accepted her kisses of appreciation.

Pulling back from the kiss with her lips swollen she asked wonderingly, "How do you want me?"

I had to fight to maintain control as this woman's acceptance of me and my strong desires was overpowering. Glancing from the ready submission in her eyes to the table I said, "Put the tray and the pitcher on that little table over there." I said pointing to a nearby small end table.

Her eyebrows rose speculatively, but her inquisitive smile didn't go away. I watched her turn and pick up the tray and put it where I had directed.

She moved without shame to do as I had ordered. Finished, she turned back to me and came close.

Reaching into a back pocket I pulled out a soft coil of rope and holding it up before her I asked softly, as I watched her eyes grow large, "Do you trust me not to hurt you?"

Her eyes left the rope to come to mine and with her heart in her eyes, she whispered, "Yes."

Reaching down I brought both of her hands to my lips and kissed the backs of her knuckles before saying, "Thank you for giving me your trust. I shall treasure it always."

That said, I proceeded to bind her wrists together securely, but not tightly. I felt a shiver course through her and she wouldn't meet my gaze now.

Her hands bound I led her by the rope into the bedroom. Obediently her bare feet padded across the tiles behind me.

Securing a plush throw from off the bed, I led her back out onto the patio. I flung the throw across the stone table that she'd eaten her breakfast upon and now with eyes wide open again, she watched as I turned to pick her up and lay her upon the table with her head near the one end and her feet just hanging off the other end.

Her expressive blue eyes were an open question to me as I took the rope binding her wrists together up over her head and fastened it to the patio railing beyond her head a short distance of a few feet away. I tied the rope off securely.

Anna's arms were extended to either side of her head comfortably and I checked to make sure that the rope still wasn't too tight, it wasn't. I met her questioning gaze and smiled even as the sun's morning glow shone down to illuminate every beautifully sculpted graceful curve of her.

I stepped to the side and picked up the breakfast tray and set it down on the table to the one side of her. Picking up a juicy handful of berries I held my fist aloft over her stomach and breast area. Meeting her gaze, I said, "It's time I had my breakfast. Don't you think?"

I squeezed the berries and juice dribbled from my fist to paint down over her breasts, stomach, and her thighs beyond. She gasped in exclamation and I chuckled before leaning over the table to clean my mess up with my tongue and where needed to with my teeth.

She soon lay moaning beneath me and jerking against her restraint as I licked one of her breast's clean. This was fun! I could tell that I was driving her crazy and that was a joy all of itself.

"Oh Mahlon! Oh!! I... I...I...ahhh...Ohhh!"

On she went and went as I placed my breakfast upon her as if she was my breakfast plate. Taking a large fruit I reached down and dipped it between her thighs and swirled it in the copious wetness I found there.

She moaned and tried to press against my hand, but I removed the fruit and ate it noisily before her. Opening her eyes, she stared at me with a glazed passion of focus and said, "This is torture! Please, I need you!"

Leaning down I said, "But I haven't had a drink yet."

"What?" She asked in a befuddled tone and smiling I kissed her. Her torments had just only begun.

Going to her feet I pulled her across the table until the rope binding her wrists was held taunt and then I leaned forward over the table to get my drink. My hands lifted her legs from behind the knees and lifting I pushed them up and apart until the source of her wetness lay fully exposed before me.

Her legs shivered in my grasp as I bent my head and began to lick up her wetness. She cried out and her hips bucked in an effort to escape, but I held her fast as I explored everything that lay before me to the fullest.

My mouth found the nodule just above her sheath that I'd had men tell me of and my tongue began to lick it in broad even strokes that had her moaning gutturally, until she came hard. Idly, I wondered if those down below could hear us, but I really didn't care.

This moment was excitement itself and I didn't stop what I was doing until with a voice that begged she exclaimed, "Oh honey, it hurts now! Ahhhh!"

I stopped. I'd never had a more fulfilling breakfast in my life.

Rising up away from the table I stripped off my clothes. Now naked I walked around the table until I was at her head again.

She was still breathing hard and the look of smoldering passion in her eyes was completion itself. In my conquest of my woman, though I had the intent of experiencing everything I had ever heard about that could be done between a man and a woman.

Reaching my hand down I caressed her throat. I wasn't sure if it would work as I was quite large, but I wanted to at least try.

I leaned down to untie her hands and then I kissed her upside down even as my hands imprisoned hers to the table. I ended the kiss and looking into her eyes, I said, "Honey, I'm going to stretch your throat out now with my cock."

Her eyes blinked and I watched her breathing hitch. Her apprehension was completely understandable and with gentleness I said, "If I feel you gag I'll pull back I promise and wait a moment before I press forward again. Once I'm in your throat though you're going to need to breathe through your nose and time your breaths for when I withdraw my shaft partly. Honey, this is going to happen. Your beautiful mouth is going to pass over every last inch of me and when I'm ready I'm going to pull my cock back, until the head only, is in your mouth and you're going to suck out all of my seed and swallow it."

My instructions to her given I then pulled on her until her head and neck were clear of the table.

"Mahlon!"

"Yes?" I replied with confidently, as I supportively cradled her head in my hands.

"I don't think I..."

I put a finger over her lips and said, "I want you to try. Can you do that for me?"

"Yes." She whispered and I let her head fall downward slightly even as her hands rose up off the table to grasp the back of my thighs and pull me in towards her.

I watched her lips part around the head of my cock, even as I held her head in place with one hand and massaged her throat soothingly with the other. With her head positioned like this her mouth and virgin throat were a straight open passageway before me. 

Her tongue curled out of the way and tentatively I pushed my cock deeper into the warm honeyed interior of her mouth. Her mouth full of me, I listened to her breathe heavily through her nose for a moment.

I was poised at the back of her mouth and tentatively I pushed forward. Her virgin throat rebelled and I pulled back only to then insistently push forward again after a moment.

Again her throat constricted and again I retreated. The enormity of what I was finally getting to do in life and not just relegate to the realm of unfulfilled fantasies caused a fine sweat to break out upon me.

Insistently I continued to coax my way forward again and again, until her throat only tightened, but held back from a full shutdown and I took that for the opening it was and slid all the way through her mouth and down her throat.

I stayed in the virgin territory that I had just claimed for only a moment before pulling back so she could have a breath. Her breathing was labored as it was and it was all I could do to maintain the control of making sure that I didn't make this harder on her than I already was by insisting on doing this in the first place.

I slid forward again upon the exhale of her breath and although her throat tightly resisted for a moment it gave way to the passage of my cock, of which the visible evidence of was clear to me, as I gazed down upon her throat that now lay full of me.

It was a glorious sight to behold how her stretched lips formed a tight constrictive ring around the base of my shaft, even as I felt the weight of my balls rest upon her nose and had the full knowledge that with each breath in she was smelling the full male musk of my essence of being a male who was now taking full possession of yet one more part of her glorious body.

The urge to cum was overwhelming. Not yet though.

Not wanting to strain her any more than I already had I pulled back until only the head of my cock remained within her mouth and for a few long moments I listened to her breath heavily through her nose to catch up on air she had missed during my possession of her throat. I was so very proud of what she had done.

Throughout the event even though I knew she'd suffered through some discomfort she hadn't in any way made it clear that she wanted me to stop. Instead the nails of her fingers were dug into the back of my thighs and with the head of my cock held tightly by her lips I felt myself begin to orgasm powerfully within her mouth even as her tongue licked the tip of my shaft.

My natural inclination was to press deep in order to deliver my seed, but not in this way. I held still as she began to forcefully suck upon the head of my shaft as hot stream after stream of my seed pulsed into her mouth.

My seed was almost completely spent within her mouth when I felt and then heard her begin to choke. Pulling back out of her mouth quickly I helped her to roll over onto her stomach.

I rightly expected to see her spew her mouth full of my semen upon the ground, but it didn't happen. Her body heaved for a moment and then incredibly I saw the evidence of her swallow.

Her mouth opened and she sucked in deep gulps of air. Despite my deep pleasure in everything that I had just accomplished I felt somewhat guilty for the discomfort that I had just caused her throughout the process of claiming her throat as yet one more playing field for my cock.

"Anna I..." I began to say, as I started to apologize, as I looked down upon the back of her head.

Her hand quickly came out and squeezed the back of my thigh in a gesture that stopped my words. Still breathing heavy she turned her head to the side enough to look up at me and speaking in that honest fashion of hers she said, "Don't apologize. I'm yours. I can take it. I'm glad you are who you are, so don't apologize. I... I'm yours. Really yours to do with as you please. I don't know how else to say it."

Her words acted upon me as the strongest of tonics and I heard her exclaim, "Oh wow!"

My staff began to grow in size right before her face again. Reaching down I pulled her over onto her back and kissed her passionately for a long moment.

The taste of my own seed upon her lips was heady. Pulling back, I scooped her up off the table and into my arms and made for the bedroom.

Her arm road along the top of my shoulders to where her hand rhythmically squeezed the back of my neck. The smile she wore was of a woman who had everything in life she wanted and the knowledge that I was in large part the answer to that smile tied my heart up in knots.

Ducking her head in close to my ear she whispered just as I reached the bed, "Take me hard!"

I groaned and she chuckled richly. I tossed her on the bed and for a moment stared at her as she lay an open invitation before me.

"Anna I... you're amazing!"

"Well Honey that makes two of us." She said back throatily in response.

I climbed up onto the bed and found my way deeply into the sheer comfort and artistry of pleasure that her body afforded me. With every stroke into her I thanked God for giving me a woman who could handle all of me.

Not just in the physical, but far beyond in matters of the emotional as well.