 Out of Peoria: A Story of Innocence lost. 

Chapter 4: A kinky evening! 

The upstairs apartment turned out to have the same basic plan as downstairs, but the décor was distinctly different! Jane was obviously the master upstairs as well as downstairs and she ushered Alicia and me in like a mother hen. Alicia was very familiar with the layout and what lay before us, and she took me by the hand.

“Stay close to me,” she half-whispered. “Don’t be nervous. You’ll have fun.”

We passed through the main room, whose lay-out I will describe later, and entered what in our apartment was the ‘genuine sleeping room’, which turned out upstairs to be a ‘dressing room’. There were mirrors and dressing tables all around the walls and the girls were all there working in pairs on their preparations. Jane introduced me as the ‘newbie’ and I learned for the first time that my ‘trade name’ was “Destiny”. Fine with me, not that I had any choice. The girls paid scant attention. They were preoccupied with themselves.

Alicia directed me to our dressing table and, following her example, I discarded my dress, the single garment I had worn up the stairs, and stood stark naked. This drew the odd wolf-whistle from some of the girls, which came as a shock!, but Jane had warned me in advance. I did have a nice body, and, as Jane had told me, lesbians responded to attractive female bodies much in the same way as hetero males did. Not to be subdued, I responded by doing a little pirouette, showing myself off, as it were. This drew even more wolf-whistles, but Jane quickly put a stop to this, frowning at me as if to say “None of that! We need to concentrate on the business!”

Alicia knew the routine and was patient with me as we went through it. First we perfected each other’s shave. She did me, I did her. When we were done, Jane came round and checked that not the semblance of a hair nor even a hint that there ever had been one remained on pubis or vulva. I had always shaved my legs since High School and had found this a mildly arousing experience. One was, after all, doing it to be attractive to men. At that time of course it had never occurred to me to shave my cunt, and indeed I had never even uttered the word ‘cunt’, nor ‘pussy’, though one of two of the girls at school -- the precocious ones – referred regularly to their pussies, though in whispers. But, as I have already recounted, shaving my cunt was a truly erotic experience, and having my cunt shaven by another girl even more so. And being shaved in this ambience, with 12 girls plus Mistress Jane looking on, and with God only knew what sexual experiences to come, this got me really going!

Next we got ‘dressed’. Alicia had said to me “It’s PVC tonight”, but I understood only what this meant when the outfits were fetched from the closet. Following her lead, I struggled into my outfit, which was bright red plastic. The hard part was getting the plastic to slide up my legs and thighs, but Alicia showed me the technique and once you knew how, it was quite easy. The outfits covered our bodies, except for breasts, arms, backs down well below the waist and crotch! A thong ran up between the breasts and joined at the back via two shoulder straps. It may sound paradoxical but wearing an outfit with a gaping chasm at the crotch made me feel more naked than if I really were naked. Well, I suppose this was really the whole point of the outfit. If we were to appeal to men, the outfit had to enhance the appeal, not detract from it. The feeling was of ultimate exposure, as if your body consisted only of breasts and vulva. 

Alicia and I made final adjustments to each other’s dress, which included arranging the crotch cleavage symmetrically and stimulating slightly and adjusting the labial lips so they stood out to best advantage. Both of us had largish labial lips and well formed clit hoods and these stood out in the yawning gaps of our costumes. Jane came round again to approve. “Very nice,” was her comment!

The next step was makeup. Neither Alicia nor I wore makeup as a rule, but of course this evening was special and a certain amount of eyeliner, a dab of rouge, tastefully laid on lipstick and polish on fingernails and toenails was not to be avoided. Again we did each other. As Alicia stretched out her legs for me to do her toenails I could not help staring at the gap in her outfit and admiring the lines of her cunt. I was beginning to find that, whereas a nice erect cock was impressive, a glistening cunt was truly erotic! 

Next, shoes. No easy matter you would think, but there were literally dozens of pairs of high-heels in the shoe cupboard. Having slender feet of normal size I was fitted out after only the third try. The shoes were black strap-ons and left the feet and toes visible. Since I had long-boned and slender feet, I liked to show these off by going bare-foot, but I found that wearing this kind of shoe that revealed the feet almost better than no shoe at all made me feel sexy. 

Looking at myself in the mirror, bare breasted and with cunt fully exposed to the elements, in high heels and carrying just the right touch of make-up, I really looked the part of a tastefully appointed high-class ‘professional’. I was well and truly “Destiny” and you would never know by looking that this was a first for me. I gave a wry smile at the comparison with the pretty, but well buttoned-up person I had been for most of my life. Alicia was right so far. I was enjoying this. 

Jane had disappeared, but now she re-entered the dressing room and held up a hand for silence. It was almost time for the guests to arrive. All was ready. We should proceed through to the central room to prepare for their arrival. As we moved towards the door, one of the upstairs girls came close to me and whispered “I’m Lynda, You’re nice. Hang around after the game, have some fun. Think about it.” Lynda was a tall, lithesome blonde with a wicked smile. As she brushed by me I felt her hand slide between my legs from behind and brush my cunt lips. It was only the lightest of touches, but it excited me immensely. My eyes followed her and I found I was “thinking of it” already! 

We entered the main room which was lit by the flames of many candles set in niches around the walls. These gave off a fragrant musky essence. The room was heavily carpeted with a soft fluffy material and the walls were covered in a kind of damask velvet with pictures at intervals showing girls, couples and groups in various tasteful but erotic poses. Around the sides of the room ‘overstuffed chairs’ and couches were arranged. Each was well endowed with cushions and pillows. The bar was mirrored --- there were also many mirrors arranged at strategic angles around the walls --- and had the usual array of bottles together with a number of magnums of champagne, lying ready in their ice buckets. At the open end of the bar was a small gong and am hour glass shaped in the form of a stark naked Barbie doll. Six plain cane chairs were arranged like barstools. In the center of the room was a large plinth having height just somewhat less than a normal table. The plinth was covered with a soft, downy material. Occasional tables with marble tops were scattered around the room.

Paired off as we had been in the dressing room, we entered the room two by two and crossed first to the bar. Jane stood at the end of the bar by the gong and examined each girl critically. On her nod, we moved along the bar and each girl took an ice cube from an ice bucket placed on the counter of the bar. This, it became apparent was used to caress her partner’s nipples. “Makes ‘em stiff,” Alicia whispered to me as it came to our turn. She worked the ice cube to and fro across my nipple, switching from hand to hand and nipple to nipple. Instinctively I recoiled from the initial shock of the cold ice on my nipple, but Alicia just pressed harder and used a rotational motion until, as she predicted, my nipples began to stiffen. They also became numb so the pain subsided somewhat. I mirrored her motions on her own nipples and was gratified when they stiffened and reddened even more than my own. We kept this up until the ice cubes were fully melted and our nipples blood red and fully extended. Looking around I saw that many of the girls used more than one cube, and that some were pinching their partner’s nipples with their finger tips and nails. In particular, I noticed that Lynda had very prominent nipples which she allowed her partner to work very vigorously so that they stood out like thimbles against the white curve of her breasts. By now my nerves were jangling in anticipation, and not only because of the “Game”, whatever this was to be, but ‘afterwards’, whatever that was.

When we were all ready, Jane reminded us that our Guests were distinguished gentlemen. The rules of the “Game” had been explained to them, and one of these was to maintain insofar as possible an atmosphere of silence. Noise of any kind was to be avoided. There would be no conversation, the only person allowed to speak was herself, Jane. Guests who violated the rules would be expelled, girls who violated the rules would be fined. 

As Mistress of proceedings, Jane’s rule was absolute. Jane made quite clear that every girl in the room acquiesced by staring into her eyes and exacting a little nod. This was a Jane I had not seen! A Jane who, clearly, could be quite testy if she was crossed. Jane had slipped into her role as we must slip into ours. I was now “Destiny”, and I had to remember this and that Jane had given me this name, and for the time of the “Game” at least, I had tacitly agreed to give up free will and accept her absolute rule as my Mistress. It may seem amazing that I was prepared to do this, but in spite of our brief acquaintance, I had absolute trust in Jane. She would not involve me in anything she did not think I could handle.

Exactly on the stroke of eight, the doorbell rang and the first Guest was admitted. After a brief interval, Jane led the Guest into the room. He was middle aged, of average height and wore a face mask that revealed just eyes and mouth. The mask was tightly fitted leaving his mouth free, but allowing no possibility of recognition. His chest was bare other than its natural covering of slightly greying hair and he wore a skin tight pair of trousers in which an oval shaped orifice had been carefully tailored to allow his cock and balls to protrude freely. The orifice was equipped with an elastic seam and its edges closed tightly over the base of his cock and behind his balls, projecting them outwards. If it had not been for a certain air of distinction with which he carried himself, he could have cut a rather comic figure. Obviously, given the short time between the ring of the bell and the entrance of the Guest in the room, he had dressed in this fashion in advance, covering himself, presumably with a coat, or maybe not!, I suddenly thought. This was LA, after all!

Jane led Guest Nr. 1 by the arm across to the bar where he collected a glass of champagne and she introduced him to a pair of girls who latched on to him, one on each arm, and conveyed him across the room where they stood as a threesome. After toasting each other silently with a swallow of champagne the girls wasted no time in beginning to stroke his cock and balls and directing his free hand to their exposed clefts. 

The remaining five guests soon followed, all dressed in exactly the same fashion. As I was a newbie, Alicia and I were assigned to collect the final Guest, Nr 6, who turned out to be a large balding gentleman with a slight paunch. Jane led him across to us and introduced us -- “This is Amanda, and this is Destiny. They will be your initial escorts for the evening. It’s Destiny’s first time; so treat her gently. Imagine she is a virgin!” Jane said this with such a delicious twinkle in her eye it was all I could do to curtsey politely and refrain from breaking up! We led our Guest into the room on the far side of the central table and, following the established pattern, began to caress his body, brush our lips across his, and stroke and massage his cock and balls. He had a large cock but it was quite responsive and he began almost immediately to gain an erection. Alicia and I quickly established a pattern whereby we would alternate between working his cock and balls and encouraging him to finger our cunts. I followed her example carefully, using a light touch on the cock and running my nails up and down its shaft. Our Guest’s only sign of appreciation was eye contact, nothing was said, not a sound emerged from his lips. 

The company had formed a full oval surrounding the plinth, six trio’s, each with a stiff cock as its focal point. The guests sipped their champagne and Jane circled re-filling glasses, for all the world like a hostess at a cocktail party (no pun intended!). There was almost no sound, just the occasional chink of a glass as it was placed down on a table. All movements were as if in slow motion. The atmosphere was trance-like 

After what must have been about ten minutes a gong sounded, and, after briefly brushing mouths in a parting kiss with their Guest, each pair of girls moved around the circle to the next guest and continued where the previous pair had left of. This gave the Guest’s cocks only the briefest of respite from stimulation and I realized why we were using a light stroke. If, as now seemed clear, every girl got to work every cock, then the round would last a full hour. And, surely, this was only the first phase, and a preparatory one at that. The idea, I had now understood, was to stimulate the Guests, building up their desire incrementally. 

As the evening progressed I came to understand the rules of the particular “Game” of the evening. The goal was to keep the Guests erect and maintain their desire for as long as possible. It was ‘unmanly’ for a Guest to lose his erection or ejaculate and it was ‘unladylike’ for a girl to allow either to occur. She was supposed to be delicate and sensitive. It was her job to make her Guest of the moment feel as manly as possible and the longer a Guest could maintain his erection without coming, the more ‘manly’ he was. As I was to find out, the “Game” did not so much reward a guest for being manly, but punished him for the reverse. If a Guest lost his erection or ejaculated, both he and the girl currently stimulating him were consigned to the couches and overstuffed chairs lining the walls of the room and allowed back into the circle only when the Guest’s member had, to Jane’s satisfaction, retained the ‘state of grace’. The goal of the game was to spend as much time in ‘the circle’ as possible and this time governed both the fee exacted from the Guests and the remuneration of the girls. 

An additional rule rewarded the Guest who withstood the longest. He was declared “Grandmaster” of the round and his reward was to lie on his back on the plinth and be fucked in the female superior position by any girl of his choosing, with that girl’s partner straddling his face with her cunt. This for as long as he could hold back his orgasm. He was then allowed fifteen free minutes of stimulation by the two girls he had chosen in the ‘recovery time’ that was necessary for him to return to the circle. 

No one had told me of these rules, it was up to me to figure them out. Fortunately I had a brain as well as a body, at least a good enough one to make me wary and follow Alicia/Amanda’s lead. As I quickly realized, the girls displayed no solidarity at all, but quite deliberately worked their Guest’s cock harder and harder as time for a switch approached. The goal, of course, was to take the Guest so close to orgasm that the lightest touch from the next duo would take him over the top. Jane was well aware of this trick though and deliberately delayed sounding the gong if she thought one of the girls was going at it a bit too obviously! 

Our second Guest as we went around the circle, Guest Nr 1, had a smaller cock than Nr 6 and he was so firmly erect we instinctively concentrated on his balls and ball bag, teasing his cock to make sure it remained erect but not allowing it to really get up a head of steam. This Guest was however more proactive than the first. He had laid down his champagne glass and used both hands to stimulated Alicia’s cunt and mine. He was quite vigorous, inserting his index finger into our vaginas and sliding it forward to stroke our clits. 

As we made our way around the circle I realized that the Guests would signal us by the degree of stimulation they provided to us as to what level of stimulation they wanted for themselves. It was an unspoken signal. I checked this by increasing the pressure and speed with which I worked his cock with a Guest who was stimulating me hard, whereupon he greatly reduced the level of his stimulation and reverted to stroking the insides of my thighs. I got the message! The guests knew of course what the “Game” was about and they all wanted to be as ‘manly’ as possible. This was also a balancing act for the Guest. He must encourage the girls to stimulate him enough to maintain a healthy erection, but not so much that he would lose control and boil over. 

By the time we reached Guest Nr. 4, our fifth Guest, all six cocks were stiff like ramrods and the occasional inadvertent utterance from one of the guests indicated that some were becoming seriously aroused. I kept looking back at Guest Nr 1 because he seemed to me to be the most obvious candidate for an early orgasm. But No! He maintained control through the entire hour even though the degree of stimulation he received was significantly greater than for any of the other Guests. I suppose this made him feel ‘manly’. In fact, it was I, too interested in whether Guest Nr. 1 was going to hold out, who nearly caused an eruption with our last Guest, Nr. 5, Destiny indeed! I had not been paying attention to his state of arousal. Fortunately, Alicia’s practiced eye noticed in time and she quickly moved to take over from me at the critical time and lower the level of stimulation. So in spite of this close call, all our Guests survived phase one. They stood there at attention with their hands at their sides, six fully erect and throbbing cocks and more than one moist forehead. 

Jane surveyed the scene. “Quite nice!” she said. “I think we can call this the end of Phase 1. Gentlemen, please take your seats!” The ‘seat’ referred to the cane chair that Jane had during the last session of “Phase 1” set down just behind each of the Guests. “Ladies, refreshments please.” On cue we appeared with fresh bottles of champagne, replenished glasses and made sure that an occasional table was in easy reach of each guest. 

Phase II began with a ‘refreshing’ of our nipples. We repeated the procedure we had undergone before the Guests arrived, but this time with each pair of girls standing in front of their Guest du moment, in our case our original Guest Nr. 6. He seemed to enjoy the show! When the ice had melted and all 24 female nipples were fully at attention, the gong sounded for the beginning of Phase II proper. One girl from each pair knelt on a cushion placed strategically in front of her Guest and stimulated his cock orally and manually. The second girl placed one foot on the occasional table next to the cane chair so the Guest could more effectively stimulated her cunt and, if he wished, thrust his fingers into her vagina. Our Guest was in no danger of erupting, in fact he had wilted during the pause almost totally so my immediate concern was to get him erect again. I took his cock deep into my mouth sucked hard, released, withdrew in a cycle I knew and liked. It was effective and it was fun. Gradually his cock stiffened, whereupon I reduced the pressure and stimulated the cock using my lips and forefingers. Out of the corner of my eye I could see his hand working on Alicia. He had inserted two fingers into her vagina and was pumping vigorously, simulating her clit at the same time using his thumb. 
