 I was what most would call the typical wallflower type; my appearance was never my main concern. Mind you, my clothes fit my physique, but not as well as they could of. I was 6' even and spent a lot less time than I should of tending to my loosely curly brown hair. My eyes were brown and someone had told me once I had a 'chiseled chin,' I was never quite sure what that meant, but it sounded good. 

I had recently joined the company's gym and was there for the first time, feeling a little self-conscious but determined to get in a good workout. I had heard it was a great stress reliever and man did I need that. 

Adam that worked in the office next to mine came up and we started chatting about this or that, nothing real. When all of a sudden he says, "Oh by the way, remember that woman that just started in accounting, the blonde?" "Remember how could I forget, those legs are always on my thighs, oops, mind." We laughed. "Well, this is your lucky day pal, she wants to meet you." "No shit", I replied. So, we worked out the fine points and he gave me some pointers on my courage, then suddenly, he was on the cell, and was talking to her. He looks at me and says, "7 tomorrow night good for you?" Somehow, I stumbled out a meek "yea". 

I had seen her around the office plenty of times but never really had the courage to speak to her. She was out of my league. I was so nervous I could almost feel myself shaking. Bethany was a stunning natural blonde and had a perfectly proportioned figure. I relaxed (as much as I could) as I rang her doorbell and when she answered, I was even more pleased with the way she looked.

She wore a thin white blouse, which fit loosely, a black stonewashed jean skirt, which stopped above her knee, and high heel shoes.

As I drove, I spent almost as much time looking at her as at the road.

We went from one destination to another enjoying ourselves thoroughly at each place. As the night progressed, we relaxed and moved closer and closer. Our last stop was a small cafe to get a late night snack. As she sat across the table, I felt her foot gently caressing my leg. I stopped talking and moving for a second, then continued but in a different manner. I didn't discourage her from continuing so this went on for a few more minutes. Then she went to the ladies room and when she returned, something about her appearance had changed but I couldn't tell what it was. It was about 2 a.m. so I suggested that it was time that I drive her home. As she got up and we walked to the car I realized what she did to her appearance, she had removed her bra. The nipples of her firm 36" breasts gently poked through the blouse begging to be noticed. I let her in the car and walked around the other side and when I entered, I glanced at her and noticed that she had unbuttoned one button from her blouse, exposing the side of her breast almost completely. When she saw that I had noticed her, she moved toward me and we started kissing, slowly at first and then wildly while we ran our hands all over each others bodies. I unbuttoned all the buttons all the way down to her skirt then slipped my hand under her blouse and gently caressed her exposed breast while she unzipped by pants and ran her hands over my growing bulge. After what seemed like forever, we released each other. I realized we were still in the parking lot of the cafe but really didn't care too much if anyone was watching, but Bethany insisted we move to a more secluded location. Without getting dressed, we drove to her place. I stayed hard the whole way and when arrived my dick was aching to be let free.

We entered and started kissing wildly and continued caressing each other in the entrance hall. We moved to the bedroom where she finally shed her blouse, displaying her treasure chest. She took off my shirt and I kissed my way down the front of her body until I reached her skirt. I unzipped it and continued kissing my way down. She was wearing a g-string with only a small piece of thin, see-through material covering her pussy. I kissed it gently and she let out a small moan of pleasure. I kissed my way back up and she gave me the same pleasure. She kissed me all the way down, unbuttoned my pants, and kissed every inch of my dick through my briefs. I could barely hold myself back from just thrusting my hot rod into her juicy hole. Nevertheless, I held back and we pressed our bodies together while we kissed.

Then I felt her hand move to my ass and pull the briefs into my ass to make it look like a g-string. I moved my hands into the exact same position on her body as she moved along mine. Then she moved from my ass toward the front and she slipped her hand into my briefs, pulled them off, and pulled out my red meat. I did the same to her, took off her g-string, and exposed her moist inviting pussy. She wrapped her hand around my pulsing dick, moved down, and kissed the tip. I nearly exploded my load right then and there but I held back feeling the pleasure wave build. She put my tool in her mouth and sucked it hard and confidently. It was great. She moved away and I moved down to meet her pussy to return the favor. She laid on her back on the bed and I kissed her area at first then slowly moved in deeper and deeper with my tongue, exploring every inch inside her until she shivered in orgasm. Then she pulled me up to lick some of her juices off my lips and grabbed my dick, aimed it, and I plunged my rod into the waiting hole. We lay there motionless for a moment. We moved and rolled around while I was deep inside her. I very slowly started sliding my tool in and out and gradually accelerated the rate. Then, I felt her shiver in pleasure and kept that pace in order to keep the ecstasy going. Then she moaned as my dick swelled and pumped a huge load inside her. I stayed in her for a while to relax and enjoy the feeling of the hot pussy around my dick.

After a few minutes, she got up, left the room, and returned with a can of whipped cream and sprayed it all over my dick and balls and I spread some all over her pussy. We lay there talking about the experience we just had and how much we enjoyed it. Then I felt myself getting big again, then she started licking off the cream and we rotated so that I could lick off her cream at the same time. We just kept right on sucking on each other long after the cream was gone. I explored her pussy while she sucked hard on my dick. I felt a pulse and the pleasure wave started moving through my body and released another load that, according to her, was good to the last drop. I kept on eating her until she climaxed. I didn't stop there we wanted more. I swore I would keep going until I could unload another round again. She worked constantly with my equipment to bring it back into the game. Then I rolled onto my back and she got on top and presented me with her breasts while she rode my dick. I loved the feeling of having her hug my dick with her pussy. We peaked at the same time and she collapsed on top of me and pressed her body on mine.

Finally, we both relaxed and fell asleep around 5.

This was the beginning of a long and interesting affair, which I will describe in episodes to follow.