 DAMMIT!

Of all times for my car to run out of gas, this had to be it. It was already later than I would have liked. It was dark, but the moon was out and the stars were shining. It would have been a nice night, if I wasn't stranded on an Oklahoma farm road and desperate to get back to my hotel. And wouldn't you know, my cell phone didn't work out here. I would just have to wait for the next person who drove by. If anyone ever would.

I'd been sitting only for a few minutes, when I saw the lights of an oncoming truck. I flashed my lights at him, and the truck slowed down and stopped in front of my car. I saw the figure of a man get out of the truck and walk towards me.

"Something wrong?" he asked?

I could tell from his voice he wasn't from around here. He didn't have the usual twang or drawl. But he sounded nice enough.

"My car ran out of gas. Can you give me a ride to the gas station?"

"No problem."

I grabbed my purse, and got out of my car. I opened the door of his truck, and was stunned. This man was dead sexy. He had black hair and gorgeous dark blue eyes, and arms to die for. I immediately felt a tingle between my legs.

"So, where are you from?" he asks as we drove toward the gas station.

Like I knew. I could smell his cologne and my pussy was reacting. I tried my best to engage in conversation, but every time he shifted I got a little wetter. 

We got to the gas station, and fortunately I had known the owner since I was a child. I explained how I'd been foolish and hadn't filled up like I should have, and after gently scolding me, he was kind enough to give me a few gallons to take back to my car.

We got back in his truck, and drove off to find my car. This stranger was so unbelievably sexy; I just had to know his name for when I fantasized about him later. Joe. His name was Joe. As we drove along, I could feel myself getting more and more excited. My nipples hardened, and were sticking out against the thin fabric of my shirt. Of all nights not to wear a bra. I began squirming over the seam in the seat of my jeans, desperate for pleasure. He noticed the movement, and looked over at me. I looked at him in time to see his gaze find my hard nipples. He reached over and lightly pinched them over my shirt. I couldn't help it, a moan escaped, and he smiled evilly. Oh God, please let there be more.

We got back to my car, and got out of his truck. He walked around to the side of my car and filled the tank. I looked around the size of my car, shamelessly staring at him. He finished with it, and walked towards me. 

"Well, that should get you to where you're going."

"Thank you so much," I said, "I would have been stranded if it wasn't for you."

I held out my hand to shake his. 

He grabbed my wrist and pulled me into him. We were kissing each other fiercely, our hands all over the others body, my pussy dripping. His hand slid down the front of my skirt and roughly grabbed me, finding my panties soaked.

"You want me don't you?"

I was so aroused I could barely whisper a yes. He spun me around, pushed me face down on the hood of my own car, flipped up my skirt, and pulled down my panties. I felt the head of his hard cock press against me. Oh fuck, I thought. His cock is too big. There's no way I can fit that much inside me. But his massive size only made me want him more, and I pushed back against him. I felt the head slowly push its way into my tight pussy. As he pressed on, I felt myself being stuffed full by his huge cock, and by the time he had buried all of it deep inside me, I was cumming for the first time that night. He pulled out and thrust back into me. 

"Get on your back." He demanded.

I laid on the hood of my car, and threw my legs over his shoulders. He ripped open my shirt, exposing my tits and hard nipples, wanting to watch them bounce while he fucked me. He rammed his cock right back into me, and I screamed. He pounded my tight pussy, driving himself deeper into me than I'd thought possible. I felt like such a whore, lying on my back on my car with my legs in the air, and a stranger's dick rammed up my cunt. I came at the very thought of that, my pussy dripping my cum all over his cock. 

"That's it, come for me."

My orgasm kept going as he kept pounding me. The sight and feeling of me cumming all over that beautiful cock was too much for him, and with a huge thrust, he came inside me. I could feel the huge spurts of cum deep inside me, filling me up with his hot cum. He pulled out, and some of it spilled out of my used pussy.

"Get on your knees and clean up."

I got on my knees on the gravel road, and took his semi-hard cock all the way down my throat. The taste of both of our cum was delicious, I devoured his cock like I was possessed.

"You can get up now."

I got to my feet, and kicked off my panties. I could tell by the look in his eye there was more coming and they'd just be in the way. He roughly grabbed my tits, and told me if I wanted more I'd get in my car. By the time he I finished saying that I'd ripped open the door and got inside. 

He got in the driver's seat and told me he was going to help me drive to my hotel, but first I had to stroke him. I pulled out his cock and wrapped my hands around them. He quickly got hard.

"Get on." He told me

I slipped into his lap, grabbed the steering wheel, and plunged my pussy back down onto that cock. He told me to grind on him, get my juices all over his cock. Then he explained what was to come.

"You're going to take this cock up your ass while you drive. It's a straight shot to your hotel."

I was stunned at his words. Up my ass? While I drove? Was he serious? But I absolutely love anal, so I agreed. He started the car and we began the trip to the hotel.

I lifted myself off his cock. I felt him spread my ass cheeks apart and I aimed his cock at my asshole. His cock was lubed with my juices, but I honestly thought it was too big to fit. As I tried to drive, I lowered my firm ass little by little onto his cock. My ass had to stretch immensely as he began to slide in. It hurt, but I took a deep breath and moved down a little further, and the head suddenly slipped into my hot ass. I could barely see the road. 

Anal turns me on so much, and after he got the head in my pussy was dripping down my ass onto his cock, lubricating it even more. The last few inches slid in easily, and we both gasped as the entire length of his huge cock was now buried deep inside my ass. I clenched the steering wheel tightly, wanted to get us to my hotel but distracted by the intense pleasure. He moved slowly at first, letting me get used to such a huge piece of meat in my ass. 

"Keep your eyes on the road."

I struggled to make my eyes focus, while the pace of his thrust increased. My ass was filled with the stranger's cock. The feeling of it sliding in and out of my ass lubed with my cum was starting to stir up another orgasm, and driving became nearly impossible. Suddenly, he began furiously pounding my tight asshole. I'd never had anyone treat my ass like this, and the brutal fucking I was getting was overwhelming me. I quit trying to focus on driving, shoved three fingers into my cunt, and immediately came. I screamed and he only pounded harder. He reached up, wrapped his hands around my neck, and began choking me. I came again, harder than before, and swerved off the road. I moaned and screamed and shuddered while the orgasm overwhelmed me. 

I regained my senses, only to find that I had conveniently swerved into the hotel parking lot. I shakily did my best to park. He asked where my room was and I pointed to the one right above us on the second floor. He gently raised me off of him, and helped me up the stairs to my room. We got to the door, and before I could open it:

"Take off your clothes." He said

"Not out here! People will see me!"

"You're gorgeous. It's ok."

I timidly peeled off my ripped shirt and pulled down my cum-stained skirt. He asked me to kneel, and I did as he said. He leaned back against the railing, and put his still-hard dick against my lips, and I eagerly took it in my mouth. 

"Oh yes, that feels so fuckin good. Rub your clit while you suck my dick."

I lowered my hand and slowly began rubbing my clit in circles while I deepthroated his cock, getting turned on at the idea of who could be watching me suck this guy and staring at my naked body. He was close now, I could tell, and I began deepthroating a little faster. He pulled his dick out of my mouth, stroked it, until he shot his massive load all over my face and down my tits. He finished, and I looked up at him with my cum covered face and asked:

"Are we finished?"

He smiled. "We haven't even started."