 The cool crisp fall air penetrated her and sent shivers down her spine. She loved this time of year. The cool air, the crunchy leaves, and any reason to curl up in front of the fireplace. Too bad nights were spent alone.

The dog ran to the edge of its leash pulling Reina along. The park was the perfect place to mentally get away from it all. As she daydreamed longingly about having a man to caress her on these cold nights, there was someone staring at her from across the park. His steel blue eyes were locked on her, wanting her to pay attention. But as always, she seemed just out of his reach. 

Since they were children, he had always looked at her longingly, but she was always too busy to notice. She would date his friends, but chat with him as if he was her older brother. She would ask his advice about other guys, but never give him the time of day. She had always seemed just a little out of reach. Out of his league. 

He walked across the park, eyes fixed on her like a predator stalking his prey. When he finally got close to her, he had trouble finding his voice and barely whispered her name.

"Reina?"

She spun around not knowing who was close enough to say her name so softly and still be heard. The leaves crunched under foot, and her body tensed. He noticed her breasts heaving under the tight cranberry colored sweater. 

"Mike!" She was surprised to see him after all these years. 

She threw her arms around him in an embrace that surprised them both. Her chest pressed close to his, and his strong rugged body holding on to her as if he never wanted to let go. A gust of wind sent shivers down her spine, and she curled up to Mike even more. 

As if finally realizing what was happening, Reina began to pull away, but Mike held on to her waist, not wanting the embrace to be over quite so soon.

"It feels like it has been a lifetime since I last saw you," she said while realizing just how cold it was getting outside. "What has it been? Ten years?" She shivered as a gust of wind nearly blew her back into Mike's arms.

"That sounds about right. You look good Reina." He couldn't keep his eyes off of her heaving breasts. The cold wind made them even more pronounced than before. "We really ought to sit down over a couple of beers and catch up." Mike wanted to kick himself. Get together over beers? Was he setting himself up to be the best friend again when he finally got the nerve to even say hello.

She smiled at him, and looked at Mike as if it was for the first time. His charming smile and dimple in his left cheek were still there from their youth, but that is where the Mike she knew ended. This man had grown up. His dark hair speckled with grey made him look sexier than she could have ever imagined. She also noticed that those arms that had just held her so close were quite muscular, as was the rest of his physique. She bit her lower lip as she looked him over. He truly was one of the beautiful people and grew up so nicely.

"A beer would be nice," she said breaking the almost uncomfortable silence, "but I need to stop home to let the dog in. Want to go for the walk with me?" 

He hadn't even noticed the leash in her hand, and the rather large dog that was stalking him from the end of it, deciding if he was friend or foe. 

"Let's walk, and then we can take some time to catch up."

They went on their way chatting about mundane things in life as they headed to her home. Such polite and coy conversation she thought, but didn't know what else to expect. Maybe this is why they were only ever friends, too much being polite to get in the way.

Mike couldn't believe that he was finally spending quality time with Reina. She was so out of his league back in high school that he had longed to be with her, but knew it could never happen. Now all these years later, their lives had managed to bring them both to the park on this late October afternoon. 

As they stepped up on to the porch, Reina nervously played with her keys. 

"I wasn't expecting company, so please don't pay any attention to the house," she laughed. "I live alone these days, so who knows what you are going to see lying out and about."

He smiled, "No worries." Was it his imagination or did she seem a little nervous around him? How odd. Reina was always so confident and beautiful that he couldn't imagine her being nervous about anything. 

Just as she turned the key in the lock, her long black hair was blown free of its small silver clip and fell to her shoulders. Mike let out a low whistle, and Reina blushed. She looked incredible. Her hair falling in dark waves around her shoulders, the tight sweater and jeans accenting her every curve, and those long legs that seemed to go on forever. He knew she had always been beautiful, but now she was no longer that hot teenager, but rather a ravishing woman.

They walked into the small dimly lit entrance of her home. The lingering smell of incense hung in the air. She put the dog in the back room, just to be safe, and began turning lights on as she walked through the house. She was giving the place a quick look over to make sure there was nothing too embarrassing laying about.

"I am so cold from being outside, I want to warm up first before we get going. You don't mind do you?" she gave him that pouty look that said she always gets her way.

"What if instead of going out, we catch up here? I could go pick up a pizza if you are interested?" and then he quickly added, "Because here we could actually talk and catch up."

She smiled at the thought of getting to stay home for the evening. As she bit her lower lip she replied, "That sounds like a wonderful idea. Do you want to start a fire while I go get changed?"

She pointed at the fire place and smiled, and without saying a word he went over and got to work. He heard her walk into the back of the house, her bedroom, he guessed. The fire lit right away, and he couldn't help but wonder around a little bit checking things out.

Reina attempted to make a mad dash from her bedroom to the laundry room to grab a sweatshirt, when she realized Mike was standing right there in front of her. She couldn't decide what to do, so she kind of stood there dumfounded her black yoga pants and crimson bra.

"You caught me off guard," she muttered looking down. "I was trying to get a sweatshirt from over there..." Reina's voice trailed off. She was so nervous to be caught half naked. Mike couldn't help but stare, which made Reina even more self-conscious.

Without even thinking he took a step closer to her, half expecting her to back away. She stood perfectly still. He reached up to brush her dark hair out of her eyes, and lift her chin so that she was once again looking at him. 

"I'm sorry if I make you uncomfortable," he stroked her cheek with the side of his index finger. He was so close to her that she could feel his breath on the side of her neck when he spoke. She didn't know what to think or feel. There was something so familiar about Mike, so comfortable, yet so unknown. 

"This isn't how this was supposed to play out," she blushed. He backed away feeling rejected, just like he did all those years ago, always a friend he thought. Realizing the sudden change in Mike's demeanor, she quickly added, "I always figured if you had caught me half naked you would just kiss me and not say a word."

Realizing that he had misread her, he stepped closer again, this time her breasts pressed tight against him, he tilted her chin up, locked his eyes on her's and leaned down to kiss her. 

His soft lips barely grazed against her own when she brought her hand up to the side of his face, and knotted her fingers in the hair at the nape of his neck. The kiss washed over them both. Starting out so soft and familiar, and then building into a heated passion that neither had expected. 

As Mike continued to kiss her, he ran his hands down over her mostly bare back. His rugged hands gently exploring the curves of her body until they came to rest on top of the waist of her pants.

When the kiss stopped, she looked down and bit her bottom lip again. She couldn't believe that she had finally kissed Mike. She wanted more. 

"Let's get those beers and go enjoy the fire," she said taking his hand and walking towards the kitchen. 

She grabbed two amber bottles from the fridge, and opened them before walking into the living room. He was standing near the fireplace looking at a bunch of photos. Noticing where his eyes were going, she quickly reached for a particular frame, but Mike grabbed it just before she could. 

"I can't believe you still have this!" Mike said holding the photo looking into the face of his 15 year old self next to a 13 year old Reina. Her mom had taken that photo the summer before his sophomore year at the lake, and now all these years later, she kept the photo, not in hiding, but on her mantle in the living room.

A wave of nervousness came over Reina. She took the photo from him, handed him his beer, and collapsed onto the couch. She patted the cushion next to her encouraging Mike to join her. She realized she suddenly felt exposed, having forgotten to grab the sweatshirt, so she reached for a blanket to wrap herself in.

"Why do you still have that photo?" Mike teased.

Reina could feel herself blush. "You want to know the truth?"

"No secrets, remember."

"I kept the photo all these years because you were the one that got away." Mike couldn't believe his ears. He was the one that got away? He didn't even realize he stood a chance with Reina before tonight. "For years you were my best friend, but you always gave me advice about other guys, and you talked to me like I was your kid sister. I had always wanted you to ask me out, but I figured it was against some sort of guy code." Mike was speechless. "So I kept the photo to remind myself that I wouldn't be happy until I found someone like you. Sweet and caring, that I could talk to openly, and be my complete honest self."

Not knowing what to say, Mike simply said, "Wow."

Reina downed half of her beer for now she was in need of some courage. "And after all this time, you then show up here tonight, and I finally get to kiss you and I realize that I've been looking in the wrong place. I didn't want someone like you. I wanted..." she paused, needing a little more courage, took another swig of her beer, "you."

Her heart was now pounding. She had put it all out there on the line and had anticipated a nice pat on the head, and maybe one last kiss before Mike left wishing he had never approached her in the park.

"I guess it's my turn to say something, huh?" 

Reina nodded at him without even looking up.

Mike reached out for her hand, "I thought you were out of my league."

Reina couldn't believe her ears. She looked up at him bewildered.

"I have been in love with you since the first time I laid eyes on you back in high school. I have always wanted you, but figured you were too popular, and you were having so much fun dating that who was I to get in your way. I had figured that if you had wanted me then I would have known...I wish I had known."

Reina sat there, barely moving, unable to say a word now that Mike had open up to her. Their eyes met and Reina shifted on the couch, the blanket once again exposing her bare shoulder. Mike reached forward, and ran his finger down the side of her neck. His touch sent shivers down her spine. 

The fire popped, and the noise broke the tension that was starting to build. Neither of them knew where this was heading, but they knew that it was long over due. 

Reina cast off the blanket and put her beer on the table. She suddenly didn't need the extra courage. She stood up, and as if commanded Mike stood in front of her. Without speaking a word, she leaned forward and kissed him hard. More than ten years of yearning filled that kiss. Unspoken rules slipped away, and the ten years that they hadn't seen each other melted away in the warm glow of the fire. 

Mike loved the way Reina felt in his arms. She was every bit the woman that he had hoped for. His hands were assessing every inch of her body, when he reached her back and unfastened her bra and let it drop to the floor. 

Reina pulled away for a moment, and Mike started to wonder if he had gone too far to fast. She reached for the lamp and turned out the lights in the living room so the only light that danced across them was the glow from the fireplace. 

Mike stared at her heaving breasts as the light of the fire danced across them. Her nipples erect ready for the taking. He leaned forward to take her right nipple into his mouth and as his tongue flicked the tip, a shallow moan escaped her lips. As Mike kneaded her breasts, and continued to lick and kiss her nipples, she began to unbutton his shirt. 

The strong rugged physique that she had felt earlier was now before her. He was more man than she had remembered. She ran her nails over his smooth yet muscular chest and stomach, his body still tan from the summer sun. She couldn't help herself. He smiled at her, and she melted. This was how she had envisioned it, soft and sensuous.

She felt a yearning that she hadn't known before. She wanted to feel him pressed against her. Their bodies becoming one, but her nervousness started to creep back in, as did her upbringing. 

"Mike, I want you," she stated boldly, "but, I've never..." 

She didn't know what she wanted to say, so before she could say anything at all, she began to kiss him again. He was in love with this woman. Her shyness made her that much more beautiful. The fact that she was willing to give herself to him, made him feel all the more powerful.

Mike tossed the blanket onto the floor in front of the fire place, and gently laid Reina down on it. Her body was aching for him in ways she didn't even know possible. Mike took his shirt the rest of the way off and then leaned over her and began kissing her from her head to her toes. The sensation of his kisses sent shivers down her spine, and she felt her body calling out for him.

Reina reached forward and grabbed the front of Mike's jeans. She undid the brown leather belt and top button. She began to push the waist of the jeans over his hips and made sure to take his boxers off with them. 

Mike didn't want to ruin the moment by going too fast, so he stopped her before she had fully exposed his throbbing cock. "Are you sure you want to do this?" He whispered in her ear.

Without replying, Reina stared him in his steel blue eyes, pushed his jeans the rest of the way down, and began to stroke his shaft. She liked feeling him stiffen even more under her control. The head began to glisten with a drop of cum, so she leaned forward and in a quick flick, licked it off. Mike let a moan escape his lips, much to her delight. 

She continued to stroke his throbbing cock, and then leaned down and took him into her mouth. She sucked on him and she slid her lips up and down his shaft, every so often flicking the tip of his cock with her tongue just to watch him squirm. Mike tightened his fingers in her hair, and began to pull her deeper onto his cock. She loved that he was taking control of her. She was enjoying every reaction as he thrust his pulsing shaft in and out of her mouth. She rolled her tongue around the head, and then gulped hard as he began to release. His body writhed in pleasure, and with each thrust of his hips, he came a little bit more. She sucked every last glistening drop off of him before he released the back of her head.

Mike leaned forward and began kissing her again. More passionately this time. He couldn't believe that she had sucked him so hard, and now he needed to repay the favor.

Mike's jeans were only half off, so he pulled them the rest of the way to the floor. Reina leaned back on her elbows, her shoulders just off the blanket. Mike leaned forward and began to pull her pants off with his teeth. He seemed wild now, and she liked it. 

Once she was laying there completely nude, her creamy skin illuminated by the orange flames, she felt so completely calm that a smile crept over her face. 

"Do you like what you see?" she asked.

Mike grabbed her breasts, and began stroking them, "Of course." "I want you to know how bad I want you. Not just to make me cum, but I want to feel you cum with me," Reina said breathily as Mike tantalized her even more. 

He had fantasized about Reina for years, and now was his chance.

"The first time we actually get together and we end up making love. A guy could get used to this."

He began to kiss her all over, and ran his tongue from her neck down to her inner thigh. He was kissing her, and teasing her, coming so close to her clit without actually touching it. When she didn't think she could take another moment of this torture, he began to rub her swollen clit with his thumb while slipping another finger into her wet pussy. She felt her body tense up as the initial waves of pleasure began to build. 

While sucking on her clit, hee thrust another finger into her. She couldn't believe how good he was making her feel. He stopped rubbing her clit, and she reached down to help out. Licking her fingers to make sure everything was well lubricated, and then rubbing small circles around and on her clit. She was almost to the edge of orgasm, when Mike pulled his fingers out of her. He licked them off and then held them at her lips for a taste. She ran her tongue over his fingers, and sucked on them the same way she had sucked on his cock a moment ago. The sensation made Mike even more aroused.

Reina sat up, and pushed Mike to the floor. He was pretty close to flat on his back, and she was standing over him. She straddled his waist, and lowered to her knees. She grabbed his cock, which seemed even harder and larger than before, and directed it towards her wet pussy. 

She decided to tease him a bit too, and just barely let him in, before stopping. Then in just a little more, and stop. Mike started to moan in ecstasy and Reina knew she was doing something right. That's when Mike decided he couldn't take it any more. He had to have her right here, right now. He grabbed her hips, pulled her down onto his throbbing cock, and let out a scream of pleasure.

He liked the way she felt, all wet, sliding up and down on his shaft. Her pussy tightening around him as she got closer to orgasm. Reina tossed her head back, her long dark hair cascading over her bare body. Wave after wave of passion washed over her. Mike loved watching her cum. He gently touched her clit & watched her squirm some more. As she continued to ride him, he took turns playing with her breasts and her clit, both driving her over the edge.

"Are you going to cum for me?" he asked breathlessly.

Reina couldn't find her voice so she just nodded and grabbed ahold of him. She pulled him into a sitting position so that their legs and arms were now wrapped around each other. She continued to roll her hips and thrust down on his cock, and now he filled her up even more. 

"Kiss me!" she demanded.

The kiss was incredible. He worked his way from her mouth down to her breasts. Rubbing and massaging her nipples the whole time. The stimulation was overwhelming. 

"I'm going to cum," Mike moaned. Reina smiled. She had already cum once and was getting close again herself. 

She decided to help things along, and while she continued to ride him, she rubbed her clit bringing her closer and closer to passions edge. Mike grabbed her ass, and was holding on to her as he thrust harder into her. Both of them were completely engulfed in the passion that they were feeling.

As her own body began to tense and spasm from the intensity of orgasm, she felt Mike cumming too. He was grunting and moaning every bit as much as she was, and she felt the warmth of his load fill her up inside in a series of waves.
