 My head was still swimming as I fastened my seat belt. I left work shortly after my...meeting with Kat in the dressing room. I took in a deep draw of air and let it out, slowly trying to slow my heart rate. A quick glance in my rearview mirror revealed how flushed I looked. My thoughts raced, switching rapidly to the horror of cheating on my wife, and the illicit satisfaction of what had just transpired. After it was over Kat disappeared, well not really... but Darren returned after I left the dressing room, and with just the faintest smile he went to the registers to help check out the customers.

I decided to call it a day, and now as I pulled out of my parking spot there was that mental struggle to reconcile what had just happened. The ride was uneventful, I didn't know what I'd tell poor Janet when I got home, but I imagined it would end with me getting killed. Before I could figure out how to phrase my excuse, or decide anything I was home. My body steering my car into the driveway on its own volition. I let out a sigh, hung my head in shame and exited my car. 

I looked down the street as I sulked up to the front door, trying to see if any credible witnesses were watching me come home, just incase I never came back out. Only My neighbor's daughter, Kristen, was out. She must have been home from college for the week end and I gave a polite wave as our eyes met. She still clung to the goth style that had driven her dad crazy in high school. Still, she was a sweet girl.

The door gave way, cutting a patch of light onto the living room floor when it opened. I looked around for my wife, but Janet was no where to be found. I walked upstairs, determined to take a quick shower and wash off the traces of my previous indiscretion. The bedroom door was opened just a crack and I heard the distinct, rhythmic sounds of bed springs. I knew what made those sounds. Like a panther I crept to the door, okay it was nothing like a panther, but still... With my hand I gentle pushed on the door only to see a horrifying sight.

There was my neighbor's bare, hair covered ass. He was hunched over my wife, her spread legs sticking straight in the air. They rocked back and forth as Jim, the hair asshole, slammed himself into her. I could hear Janet telling him to fuck her harder, then her groans were drowned out by my neighbor grunting as his balls slapped against my wife's bare ass. I watched, paralyzed with a mix of emotions that was hard to categorize. I was enraged at first, by the truth that my loving wife was letting our idiot neighbor plow her in our bed. As I watched him huff and puff in joy, a wave of relief hit me so hard that I almost burst out laughing. I was off the hook.

My god, this guy was hairy, I thought. He was about twenty pound heavier than me, almost all of that was comprised of his beer gut and back hair. Chet, yeah that was his name, had that "I'm still young at heart even though I'm pushing fifty" haircut. He was an asshole, and Janet knew I thought so too. Yet there she was snaking down onto his ass cheeks, pushing him into her. "You ready for my cum, babe?" He managed between grunts. 

"Yeah, I want it all over my pussy." She lusted in response. I could see her fingers dig into the flesh on his ass, trying to spur him on in his mission. Five more pumps was all his dick could manage before he whined a little bit. He pulled out of my wife and sprayed a load onto her swollen lips. I watched him glaze my wife's crotch from the darkened hallway, my own cock beginning to throb. She complimented him on the amount of cum he was able to give her, then he collapsed beside her on the bed. She rolled on top of him, rubbing his gut. "That was wonderful," She said dreamily, "can you stay, I still have some time before he comes home." Her tone changed, hinting that she was still horny.

"I don't know, I'm supposed to take Kris to the mall to meet her friends." She pouted at him and he crumbled, "Aw hell, for you Janie, I'll hang around a bit. Kris can get one of her friends to take her, besides she'll just hit me up for money anyway." I took a step back. A thought formed in my brain. I was going to get Chet back for this, I had leverage on Janet to keep her from taking everything from me in a divorce now... but Chet, Chet would pay. I went downstairs and headed straight for Janet's purse. I took out her wallet and reclaimed the hundred dollar bill I had given her that morning for groceries.

With money in hand I marched right up to Chet's front door and rang the bell. Deep in the base of my subconscious I knew what I was doing, and I was aware that it was not logic that guided my hand now. Kristen answered the door and produced the most pleasant smile I have ever mustered in my life. "Hey, Kristen. I was just talking to your dad. He's busy helping Janet with something at the house right now." She rolled her eyes, did she know what I meant? No, she couldn't. "I offered to take you to the mall in his stead, if you're okay with that, of course." I felt my nerves flutter as I waited for her reply.

"Sure." She replied indifferently, "lemme grab my crap." She closed the door in my face. My palms were sweating now, I was unclear of my own intentions at this point. She returned to the door just as my readiness for my plan was fading. Her dark hair and clothes made the paleness of her skin stand out in the sunlight. Her heavy make up and multiple face piercings were typical for her "lifestyle" but I didn't begrudge her for looking the part of the angsty young woman, because I knew she was a good kid. But I hoped she had a bad side to match her look.

As she approached my car, the pleats of her black skirt ruffled in the wind, giving me just the faintest look at the top of her thighs. I grinned and got in the car.

"So, you home for the weekend or something?" I asked, eager to start out on the right foot. She shot me a brief smile and nodded.

"Yeah, school's closed next week. There was this construction accident and a bunch of pipes ruptured and, well basically the sewage line is leaking into the water line." She pulled out her phone and started to fiddle with it. It looked like she was texting her friends, so I turned the radio on and let her chat. As we pulled onto the highway she looked up from her phone just long enough to look at the traffic. "Listen," she said, her fingers clicking away on the glass screen of her iPhone, "I know what dad was doing with Janet." My heart froze.

"Oh? What would that be?" I tried my hardest to sound unknowing. I took my eyes of the road to glance at her, she was tucking her phone back into her purse. She picked at her fingernails for a second, calculation how to answer.

"He's fucking her, yeah?" Her eyebrow raised when she looked back at me. "She's not the first...or the only one his banging right now. He's nailing about four women on our street, one from his work, and one of my old high school teachers." A knot was forming in my throat, I was trapped now. Traffic was backing up and we were going five miles an hour. The exit to the mall was less than two miles away, I could see it...Hell if we got out now we could get there faster on foot. "He's a pig, and I'm guessing you didn't actually talk to him either." Fuck, there it is.

"No." I admitted, coming clean with her, "I caught them having sex. He was talking about skipping out on taking you to the mall when they were done...so I" I trailed off, what the fuck was I doing. "I was going to take you and offer you money to have sex with me when we got there." I said, pulling the hundred from my shirt pocket. "I'm sorry. Honestly I think your dad is a dick, and I wanted to get back at him. I've already cheated on Janet today, and I was going to tell her... I don't know what the hell has gotten into me today."

She laughed. She laughed so hard that she doubled over and wheezed for air. Then as suddenly as she had started she stopped. She looked at me and asked, "You still want to?" She ran her fingers up the length of her thigh as she spoke, "Because I'd love to. He is a dick, and he should get a taste of his medicine." Her hand traced its way across the center console of my car and on to my knee. She squeezed it lightly and bit her lip with a smile.

"Fuck it, why not." I chuckled to myself, something in me felt free of the guilt that I had felt earlier, like I had a free pass to do whoever I wanted now. And maybe I would. Kristen leaned in and kissed my neck. Her hand had traveled to my thigh, and was now making its way to my cock, which was stretching out to meet her as she did. As it hardened it slithered along my thigh until her fingertips met with my head.

With the palm of her hand she rubbed the head of my cock in a circular motion, pressing it to my thigh. Her fingers grabbed at me and she slid her hand up and cradled my balls. She teased them through my pants, pulling them, then rubbing, then tickling her fingers along them. I could feel them churning, my cock began to leak pre cum onto my leg. When she was done playing with my balls she nimbly undid my belt and pants and slipped her hand delicately into my shorts. Her hand was cold to the touch and sent a jolt through my shaft as she gripped it. With a tug, it popped out of my shorts, a string of rolled over her knuckles. She pumped my cock to produce another bead of the clear liquid. She took her hand off of me and brought it up to her mouth. She licked the back of her hand to get at my juices, then she turned her palm up and stuck out her tongue, she looked down and stopped. "Is that glitter?" 

"I...uh... yes, I got a blowjob earlier and h...she had some lip stuff on." I dismissed hastily, eager to have her hand back on my pounding hard on. She shrugged and licked the palm of her hand, spitting in it afterward to get it extra wet. When she returned he hand back it was warm, slick with her saliva she was able to massage my cock more quickly. Her hand twisted as she brought it up over my head. She closed the opening of her thumb and index finger, only letting it part again as the tip of my head pushed back against it. She continued to work at my meat until we were to the exit ramp to the mall. Then As my car coasted on to the street, she slid her hand down my shaft, curled her hand around my balls and kneaded them for a second. It lasted just long enough to stir the brewing cum in them, then she removed her hand, replaced my cock and redid my pants. She wiped the drying spit on her skirt, I had been so busy trying not to wreck that I never noticed what her other hand had been doing. She withdrew it from under her skirt and sucked on her finger. 

"We're almost to the mall." She pointed out, seeing my question forming on my lips. I focused on getting us to the mall, and she went about doing whatever it was she did on her phone. When I pulled up to the mall, I decided to go to the parking garage instead of the numerous lots that circled the building. She took note of where I was heading and giggled in approval. The garage was fairly empty and it was easy to find a secluded spot on one of the lower tiers. I killed the headlights and put it in park. I had just enough time to slide my chair back before she made her move.

Her panties hit me in the side of the head, when I turned to look I saw crawling over the console and up into my lap. I kissed her, and when our tongues met I played with the piercing that she had. I heard her mew in amusement as I explored her mouth more. Her hands worked at my pants again, and I felt her aiming my cock, then the heat of her pussy kissed the head of my cock. She lowered herself down onto my shaft, only taking her hand off of it when her tight hole had met her fingers. When she removed her hand she brought it up to my shoulder to match the other then sank the rest of the way down until she was pressing against my aching balls. She sat there looking into my eyes. "Fuck me," she whispered, "Fuck me like my dad fucks your wife." And with that I obliged. 

I gasped her by the waist and pulled her up my shaft, when I was almost out, I slammed her back down on my cock. She yelped and I did it again. Each time I pushed her onto me she moaned and sank her nails into my shoulders. I picked up my pace until she was dripping wet, her juices dripping down between my legs. She helped now, using my shoulders as leverage to help slam onto my cock. "Fuck, I'm going to cum on you!" She worked on her own now, bobbing up and down as fast as she could until her walls tightened around me. She sat down on my dick, threw her head back and yelled.

"FUCKING GODDAMN! SHIT!" A stream of obscenities poured out of her as she gyrated on my balls. She bit my neck playfully as her orgasm passed, then drew me into a kiss. When she pulled back from my mouth she whispered again, "I want you to cum now, baby."

I nodded and began to slam her back on my dick some more until the fluid in my sack was overflowing and needed to be released. I knew that if she wanted me to fuck her just like I saw her dad fucking Janet then there was only one way to cum. I pulled out right as the first string of cum was about to fire and it spat out onto her gaping pussy. The second and third strings of cum landed on the smooth skin above her clit the last few drops shot onto the underside of her skirt.

When my lust was sated she slid her hand into my shirt pocket, removed the hundred bucks with her fingers and rolled back into her seat. I was catching my breath still, when she snatched up her purse and opened her car door. "Thanks, pick me up at six then?" I nodded, she closed the door and waved goodbye. 

I sat there panting in my car, my lap was a mess, her juices and mine were all over my pants, shorts, and skin. I could feel the little bit of cum I has left seeping out onto my pubic hair. Drained and flaccid I redid my pants and noticed that her panties were sitting on the console beside me. Certainly this day couldn't get any more bizarre, but I still had a ways to go before it was over...