 Out of Peoria: A Story of Innocence lost.

Chapter 12: Swinging both ways.

Heidi also found it hard to believe. Later I wondered why I had not just deep-sixed the whole bundle and forgot about it. But I didn’t and now it was too late.

“How many do you have?” she asked.

“At least seven. Three with this girl and four with a bunch of even younger looking girls around a pool. “PoolTeenScene 29, 31, 34 and 39. ”

“Lemme see them.”

“All of them!?”

“Well, start with the first and see how we go.” 

I was into it now, so what was there to do. I ran the first SpycamTeen video …. A standard scene starting with blow job, moving to 69, then to on top and a ‘hard fuck’ finale with him on top and coming all over her.

“The others are just the same.”

“Probably from the same take. They use every inch of footage multiple times,” Heidi said, laconically. “Nice body. Nice cock, don’t you think.”

“Really? I was too busy looking at the girl. What a body!”

“Indeed!” Heidi goosed me playfully!

We viewed some parts of the PoolTeenScene videos and there was no doubt it was the same guy. One scene showed him lying splayed out on a lounger by a pool being fucked on-top by a nubile dark-skinned girl with neat, round tits and strong thighs. She worked the hell out of him and eventually got him off. But what a struggle!

“Are you sure this is the guy you think it is?”

“Absolutely!” I said. “I can scarcely believe it, but if it isn’t Ron it’s his double!”

“Holy shit,” the video was still running, ‘that’s quite a cock he’s got,” Heidi was murmuring to herself.

“Heidi, what shall I do? I just don’t know. I mean, he’s my report. I’m responsible for him. We can’t have Witherspoon employees being touted around in porn movies, available to every Tom, Dick and Harry in porn shops all over the country. Think of what would happen if it came out!”

Heidi was silent.

“Heidi, I have to tell Cecil. The guy has to get fired. This can’t be allowed.”

Again a slight pause, then,

“Let’s not be hasty, my dear. Hey, what is it you do for the company after all!”

I bristled with indignation. 

“I do not go around displaying myself on celluloid,” I said indignantly. “And whatever I do has official company backing – well, semi-official.” 

“True, true, my dear, don’t get heated. I’m not trying to be offensive.”

“But let’s think about this for a moment,” she continued. “Who is this guy?”

“Just a grunt accountant. A zero. I’ve hardly noticed him all the time I’ve been at Witherspoon. I’ve talked to him three times in three years --- you know Jim does all that stuff.”

“Well whaddyaknow. Susie my love, I think we found ourselves a playmate!” 

“What, you mean Ron!?”
“Precisely, my dear. I mean Ron. Look at him. Whatever editing they may have done, that’s quite a performance. They don’t take amateurs who can’t perform. This is a guy with stamina.”

I was utterly horrified. “You mean…!?”

“Precisely. We talked about missing a cock. Now we got one. And on our terms!”

Nothing I could say would sway Heidi. She was quite adamant. 

“Listen,” she said. “Life is to be lived. This guy has got what it takes. What can be wrong with having a little fun with him?”

“Heidi! He’s my report!” I said indignantly.

“Oh sure,” was Heidi’s response. And I at least had the grace to blush! 

“Come on, Susan, where’s your joie de vivre. Let’s give it a go. What have we got to lose?”

“But what if he doesn’t go for it? What if he goes to Cecil?”

“Pah! Before he gets to Cecil hell will have frozen over. Anyway what is he going to say? We have the videos, and as far as anything else is concerned, it’s your word against his. Who has the greater value for the company?….”

“..Besides which,” she continued, “why should he complain. We are offering free sex until it comes out of his ears with the two most gorgeous women on the planet!” 

I did have to admit she had a point there.

“Shit, if Cecil can spend his time being serviced by three teenagers in a beach house in Malibu then why are we not entitled to our bit of fun with one of his subjects, even if he does happen to be one of your reports? Let’s take him out for a day’s boating and see how things evolve.”

The reference to Cecil did it for me finally. Not that I was particularly attracted to Ron, but Heidi wanted it, and as I thought about it, it did after all kill a bird or two with one stone!

And so it was that I had ‘a word’ with Ron. He was the subservient person I remembered. I invited him to my apartment, played a segment of the video and he came clean immediately. Yes, that was indeed he, but he had been tricked. He had not known. Evil women had led him astray and taken film of him without his consent.

Tricked indeed, I thought. With seven features involving “Heartknob” (By now I had read the box!), you could tell that to the marines! 

But I was nice with him. I just told him what he had to do and he noted it down and left my apartment meekly enough. 

So Heidi got her wish, though my wish was that if this was to be a pattern, next time around I would be sure we got a less wet fish! 

How wrong can you be about a person you do not really know?

I found out on the boat. Ron appeared exactly on time and, unleashed from the shackles of Witherspoon Investments, and his clothes!, turned out to be an interesting human being after all. He was intelligent, and even witty, and his performance --- well that was truly Alex-esque! He was everything that Heidi had suspected he would be and his cock remained stiff for hours and serviced both of us even if we did get off mainly by eye contact with each other. The high point for me was a final fuck with me on top and Heidi friggin’ herself like mad. The sight of her, so close, but nevertheless holding back, brought me to orgasm even before the man beneath me had shot his load. A novum indeed! And if that was not enough, when I climbed off, thoroughly fucked and totally exhausted, Heidi climbed on and fucked the guy to Kingdom Come, which eventually he did, and Heidi got off at the same time. What a scene that would have made in a video, I thought to myself!

When we got back to her villa Heidi and I fell on each other and needed no ‘toys’ at all to come to orgasm again and again. Such was our arousal at the threesome on the boat. When we were spent, we drank a deep toast to Ron. 

So Ron turned out to have a lot more to him than any reasonable person who had associated with him on a casual basis had any right to expect and in the ensuing months, we did many threesomes with him up at Heidi’s villa. Each time he lived up to all expectations and beyond. Heidi and I enjoyed him immensely and we enjoyed each other through him. 

While we were relaxing after love-making Heidi said to me one day. “I was so happy to see that you swing both ways, just like I do.”

“What do you mean?” I responded indignantly.

“Come now dear,” she said, a trace of impatience in her voice. “Don’t tell me you don’t enjoy fucking Ron. It’s written all over your face.”

I think I blushed.

“But it’s only because you are there,” I said. “The kick is your reaction, not his. That’s what gets me off.”

“Hmm! That’s as maybe. But let’s not quarrel about it. I, certainly, enjoy Ron’s cock. And I enjoy it immensely when he finally gets off and shoots his load deep inside me. Don’t tell me it isn’t the same for you.”

“Would you enjoy it just as much as if I were not there?” I asked, persisting.

“Probably not,” she said. “A threesome is a threesome. All parties are involved.”

I thought about this long and hard.

“You know what, Heidi, I think you are missing the club.”

“No dear,” Heidi replied. “You have missed noticing that I go to the club every day I am not with you!”

And that left me with much food for thought. I lay awake, turning and twisting things in my mind. The revelation that Heidi had not in any sense been ‘faithful’, but was effectively ‘having her cake and eating it too’, disturbed me deeply. She had said,

“Well you have your clients. You are screwing them and sucking them every day. What do you expect? Should I wait until you are ‘available’?”

“That’s a completely different thing, Heidi, and you know it. That’s work. I admit it’s sometimes enjoyable, but it is also sometimes repugnant.”

“So what do you want,” Heidi replied, “Monogamy?”

“Honesty!” was my immediate reply.

“So I’ll be honest then. The only thing I ever hid from you was visiting the club. I tried to get you to come with me, but it was not your thing. So what am I to do? Give up the club? Be ‘mistress’ to you, frigging myself off waiting for you to appear, whenever you have the time and inclination? ”

“That’s never how it was!” I had said angrily. “How can you say that? I’m in love with you. And I thought you were in love with me.”

“What’s ‘in love’?” Heidi had replied. “Sure, I am emotionally attached to you. You matter to me more than anyone on earth. This does not mean there is no-one else on earth.”

“But….sex…!” I stammered.

“Sex is sex. Love is love. What you do for Cecil is sex, it has nothing to do with love. What I do at the club is sex. It has nothing to do with love.” 

My mind was a jumble of emotions. I enjoyed sex with Heidi. And I was in love with her. That was for sure. I also enjoyed fucking Ron – in fact more and more every time we fucked. This was also sure. Was I in love with Ron? No! That also was for sure. So what did fucking someone have to do with being in love with them? 

A very confused young lady labored into sleep that night. Very confused indeed!

As it turned out, matters resolved themselves for me in an unexpected manner, though one a reasonable person could reasonably have expected! What happened was, Ron fell in love with me. Well at least he said so, repeatedly and persistently, and I have no reason to doubt it. Nice person though he was, he came to be an annoyance.

“What am I to do?” I asked Heidi. 

“What do you want?” she replied.

“I want you.”

“Well you have me. There, aren’t you lucky. You have what you want.”

“But Heidi, you are not being helpful. I’ve got a problem here. It’s fucking serious!”

I did not often use ‘f-words’ words in conversation so Heidi got the point fast.

“Just tell him to piss off!” she said, unhelpfully.

“Oh sure! A guy two doors down from me at the office, who knows where I live, who pesters me every day! Get serious. He thinks that because I enjoy screwing him I’m in love with him! I mean, you can’t blame the guy for this. It’s not an abnormal reaction.”

“Be honest, Susan,” Heidi said. “Do you not have feelings for this guy? I’ve watched you often enough and you seemed to me to get off with him quite effectively!”

“Sex is sex, and love is love,” I replied testily. “Those are your words. Anyway, you get off with Ron just as well as I do, and a lot more often! And you’re not in love with him, are you?”
“That’s because I get my kicks from orgasms, Susan, as you know. You get yours otherwise. And Ron is one of the few men you will ever meet who has the stamina to satisfy you.”

“Oh come on, Heidi,” I said, impatiently. “This may be so. But I am definitely not in love with him, nor ever could be. He is not for me. You are. You know that.”

“There’s knowing and knowing,” was Heidi’s considered response.

And that was the first time it had ever occurred to me that Heidi may doubt my love for her, even as I had once doubted her love for me.

There was a long pause.

“Ok. I read you,” I said. “How can I convince you?”

“Well, I’ve been thinking about it,” Heidi said, “ and -- now this is tentative, I have not thought it through….”

“Go on!” I said impatiently.

“Well, assuming we are pulling on the same string, which I do, you have a problem getting Ron off your back, and both of us have a score or two to settle with Cecil. Wouldn’t it nice if we could kill two birds with one stone?”

I listened attentively.

It was three days before I could get to see Cecil. He was ‘out of town’, whatever that meant. Eventually the Ogre let me into his office and there he was, sitting behind his desk as ever, cool, calm and elegant.

“Susan dear,” he said. “It’s been ages. Where have you been?”

“I’ve been around, Cecil. Maybe you did not notice?”

“Ah, my dear, it’s been a very busy time. I’m so sorry if I have appeared to be inattentive.”

“Not at all Cecil. But as you once said to me, I believe, lets not beat about the bush.”

“Ah!” Cecil said, still politely. “I believe I may well have said that. Yes!”

“Well not to beat about the bush, I would like to suggest that my value to the company is not commensurate with my remuneration.”
“Indeed!” Cecil responded. “Well, my dear, thank you for being upfront about this, and by all means let’s discuss a – shall we say, substantial increase in your bonus?”

“Thank you for that thought Cecil, but we need to go a little further than that. Let me tell you how I see it. As my records show…” I pretended to consult the file I had brought with me “… I am currently ‘seeing’ on a reasonably regular basis 55 key connections of Whitherspoon Investments, and in addition 9 ‘Special Clients’ -- these are the ones who make social visits to my apartment, you understand.”

Cecil looked a trifle perturbed. Where was I going? But he said, quite calmly, 

“If you say so, my dear. I have no reason to doubt your records are accurate.”

“So if I were to, shall we say, withdraw my ‘social services’ from Witherspoon, this might have a considerable knock-on consequence for the financial well-being of the company?”

For once Cecil was halted in his tracks. 

“I have the figures here, if you would care to look….”
“Er No! My dear, I’m sure the figures will be accurate.”
“Oh they are, Cecil, they are. And if I may be so bold, I was surprised myself at the magnitude of the investment increases that have occurred since I joined the company.”

“Indeed, er-hem Yes! This has not gone unnoticed. Let me suggest…..”

“No!” I interrupted, imperiously, “let me suggest!”

Cecil was all eyes.

“Here is what I would like to see. First, I am not happy in my current dwelling. It is too small and the address is inappropriate. Also, it does not belong to me, but to the company. I would like the company to buy an abode for me. The abode will of course belong not to the company, as my present apartment does, but will be in my name. I will own it, unencumbered. I have found the perfect place and you will find all the details on this sheet.” 

I handed the sheet to him solemnly across the desk.

Cecil donned his spectacles and scrutinized the document carefully. The sheet comprised all the financial details and the bottom line included a number with many zeros!

Slowly, he looked up at me and started out,

“My dear, I would be only too happy to oblige, but…..”

Again I interrupted. 

“There’s more Cecil. It’s an overall package. My second requirement is that the company grant me six months leave of absence. On full pay and benefits, of course. I have taken virtually no vacation since I have been with the company. That’s about five years, so I am sure you will agree this requirement is entirely commensurate with the past service I have performed for the company.”

“Susan, my dear, what you are asking…..”
“Of course”, I interrupted, “during my leave of absence I would still be available, at my discretion of course, but with due account taken of corporate goals, for ‘social duties’. Bonuses, naturally, would be due, and I thank you for your suggestion that these should be doubled. This will be adequate. But only for those customers of Witherspoon whom I have seen before. New clients of the company I would be able to see during my leave only following negotiation on a case by case basis, with an honorarium based of course solely on the value of my time and the value of my services to the company. But nevertheless, significantly in increase of the bonuses I receive for entertaining ‘current customers’. Can we agree on no less than four times the current rate?”

Cecil stared at me as though I were from another planet. Slowly he regained his composure.

“My dear, I would of course wish I could comply with your every request. You have indeed performed sterling service for the company. However, I’m afraid I must inform you that what you are asking is quite impossible. I could never get it past the Board.”

“Oh, I’m sure you will find a way, Cecil. You are such a clever man. I have always been in awe of your abilities.”

“Your flattery is very touching, Susan,” Cecil said. “But…” he raised his arms in emphasis “…there are some things that are beyond my powers.”

“I’m sure you underestimate yourself, Cecil. Really, you can’t disappoint me on this.”

“Honestly Susan, if I could do it I would.”

“Then it’s settled then. You can certainly do it.”

“I’m afraid not, Susan. If I approach the Board with such a proposal, they will undoubtedly insist on your instant dismissal. Such is life. Anything….. Anything! I can do, I will. But this is beyond my powers.”

I let that sit for a long while, eye to eye. 

“Well Cecil,” I said finally, “ there is an alternative. If you cannot do this for me then I may be compelled to reveal to the Board certain things that they may not like to hear about.” I appeared lost in thought.

“Actually,” I continued, “ maybe I should just take them straight to the Press. You know the way they love to beat on the machinations of corrupt Executive Officers.”

This rocked him finally into the realization that he may not be in control of the situation.

He said, finally. “All right, Susan, stop beating about the bush. Where exactly is the rubber hitting the road. I realize you have connections with a lot of clients, but I cannot believe a single one of them would be prepared…..”

“Oh, there’s a long list of things, Cecil,” I interrupted breezily, “but let us begin with a beach house in Malibu.”

“A beach house in Malibu?” Cecil said, in apparent bewilderment.

“Cecil,” I said impatiently. “Don’t be tiresome. There are cameras in the world, you know, and I do believe at least one of the girls is, shall we say, slightly under age!”

Cecil eyed me carefully. My gaze was unflinching. Never again would this man underestimate the capacity of a woman scorned to hit him where it hurts the most. I had him by the short and curlies and he knew it.

After a very long pause, he said, in a somewhat different tone,

“You know Susan, your idea about having a place of your own. When I think about it, it does make a certain kind of sense. If I were to present it to the Board in the right way, then perhaps….!”

“I have great confidence in your powers, Cecil. I’m sure the Board will see it your way.”

“And as for the leave of absence, that will require work, but I feel confident I can persuade the Board that this would be entirely commensurate with your services to the company.”

“My ongoing services to the company, Cecil. I’m sure you meant to say it this way.”

“Indeed! Your ongoing services to the company. That is precisely what I meant to say.”

“And the bonus increases will of course be simple.”
“Indeed, as you say. That will be the easy part.”

I rose. 

“Cecil, you are a wonderful man. I knew you would be able to do it!”

It was that easy. How are the mighty fallen!

He did it in a week. How he did it I have not the faintest idea. He probably used his own money for the villa and spun some tales about the rest. The financial information I provided him would, at the very least, justify the leave of absence and the increased bonuses. Suffice it to say that in short order I had vacated my apartment in Downtown LA and escaped to a luxury residence up in the hills. Quite close to Heidi’s villa, as it turned out, not entirely by accident, you understand.
