 Out of Peoria: A Story of Innocence lost.

Chapter 10: An obligation fulfilled.

“Here’s the deal”

Jane, all business, was addressing the twelve girls assembled in her spacious apartment in the downtown San Diego area. Of these, I recognized only one, Lynda --- we had said “Hihowaya, well fancy meeting you here!”. She looked as gorgeous as ever, even clothed! Guiltily I felt desire. “Let’s get together,” Lynda had said. “Later.” I demurred, but did not say No! The remainder of the girls I did not recognize. Jane had assembled them from wherever she could. Some were clearly professionals, others looked more like regular hookers. They were all pretty with lithe bodies, but not in the same class as the group Jane had assembled for the “Latex session” I had taken part in upstairs at her house in LA. And it seemed she had signed up 24 guys, so with 12 girls, the ratio was opposite from the norm in LA. Could it be that Jane’s “opportunity she could not refuse” had not materialized, at least not in the way she had expected?

“The guys are all from out of town, from the East Coast mostly” Jane continued. “They’re in town for conventions, company meetings, whatever. They are all professionals and they have to be well heeled to get in here, or even know about this place. So there will be no trouble. The only thing our Guests know is what they signed up for, which is an ‘Evening at Jane’s’. Of course it is generally known on the convention circuit and in vague terms what this means, but the nature of the evening has not been specified for them, unless perhaps by word of mouth. But then, I change the format from time to time, so what they expect may not be what they get. You can rest assured, however, that they will all be fully satisfied. That’s your job, and you are all professionals. We work together, as a team. There are no ‘prima donnas’ here. We work for each other and we get our fair share of the take. Understood!?”

This apparently was. Jane continued,

“Since many of you are here for the first time --- and a million thanks to those of you from out of town --- I’ll just run through the rules of the evening’s game. It’s based on ‘strip poker’ and the reason for this is that, as far as I’m aware, the Guests are all first timers -- at “Jane’s”, I mean. I keep careful records and none of the ID’s --- you have to have a ‘Club ID’ to get in here --- are on the list. Getting an ID is not easy, or cheap!, and I have an elaborate system of security to ensure that no-one gets in who has not been fully cleared. To put it bluntly, there will no riff-raff, and no undercover cops. ”

“For those of you who do not know this, ‘out of town’ guys at conventions are usually quite naïve. Many of them are beginners. This is an adventure, for some, possibly their first experience with “illicit sex”. They are professional people, but we cannot expect them all to be sophisticated, and especially not as regards sex. So we have to help them, and take the lead. ‘Strip poker’ is a concept that they are certainly familiar with and have fantasized about. By starting off this way we not only help them feel at ease, we also delay the onset of real ‘work’. Champagne will be flowing, and inhibitions will be lowered when it comes to the crunch.”

With this introduction, Jane took us upstairs to the ‘Conference Room’, which had some of the attributes of ‘upstairs’ in LA, without having quite the same class. The arrangement was almost like a lecture theater, with concentric rings of chairs in two sectors, each raised from a podium by a few feet. The walls were angled so that the focus of the room was the podium on which, centrally placed, was a plinth I recognized well! The ‘Guests’ would sit in numbered seats behind desks for all the world like students at a college, were it not for the champagne buckets already in place, one within easy reach of every Guest. The champagne would be top quality, it was ‘on the house’, and it would be replenished frequently. So we could rely on considerable consumption! Access to the podium was via three aisles, one along each wall and one down the center. The room was quite small with a low ceiling having something of the character of a conical ‘amphitheater’. The walls were hung with pictures of nude girls in various stages of undress, but nothing overtly sexual. Erotic the pictures were, but none portrayed explicit sex. 

The rules were simple and complex at the same time. The girls, pre-prepared with appropriate clothing comprising shoes, skirt, panties and blouse, would sit on chairs spaced evenly at the foot of the podium and facing the ‘audience’ On the podium was a tall table and a high stool for the ‘Mistress of Ceremonies’ --- Jane would no doubt be in her element. On the table was a gong, a large deck of playing cards, an urn containing 24 numbered ping-pong balls, and an ‘hour glass’, which was set to run through in five minutes. There was also a large, square wooden box, the reason for which will either be obvious or will become apparent. 

The game would begin with the sound of the gong, whereupon Jane would descend from the podium and proffer the card deck to each girl in turn, who would draw a card. Once all the girls had their cards, they would turn them face outwards to the audience. The girl with the card having the lowest value was required to step to the podium, facing the audience and Jane would draw a ping-pong ball from the urn, and invite the Guest having that seat number to come up to the podium and remove the girl’s blouse. This would cost him $5, which Jane would collect and which would disappear into the wooden box. Once her blouse was off, the girl paraded up and down the podium displaying her breasts, and then return to her seat while the guest returned to his. The cards would be shuffled and re-distributed and the girl drawing the lowest card would mount the podium. If her blouse was already gone, the Guest whose seat number was drawn would be invited to remove her skirt. This would cost him $10. Similarly, if a girl had lost her blouse and skirt, the Guest would be invited to remove her panties, naturally this time for $20. Shoes did not count. These stayed on. So a girl who had her panties removed was declared naked.

I recall thinking to myself what a far cry this was from the elegant session in LA. $35 times twelve made up $420! Assuming a cover charge of at least $100, a full strip of twelve girls could net us $2820, about $200 per girl, once Jane had taken a double cut for the house. How could this compare with the $5000 I had netted from my participation in LA? I was soon to find out. 

If a naked girl drew the lowest card, she was required to mount the podium, and sitting up on the plinth spread her legs wide, revealing her cunt and playing with it gently. This was when the fun began. The Mistress would then conduct an auction, minimum bid $20, raises in units of $5. The auction won the Guest who bid highest the right to lick that cunt for the five minutes it took the sand to traverse from one half of the ‘hour glass’ to the other. Once the gong sounded the round was over. The Guest returned to his place and a yellow garland was placed around the girl’s neck, indicating that she had had her cunt licked. 

If a ‘yellow girl’ drew the lowest card she was required to mount the podium and a new auction took place, this time with a minimum of $30, the winner gaining the right to have his cock sucked by the girl. Once this operation was completed, the girl’s yellow garland was replaced by a blue one. 

“Sometimes a Guest will come right away,” Jane said. “If he comes in your mouth, you must drain him, taking all his come in your mouth, show this to the audience and then either swallow it or let it dribble down your chin and over your neck and breasts. I know some of you may not like to do this, but this is the rule. You just have to go through with it. Some Guests will prefer to withdraw at the last minute and spray you. Again, it’s his choice. Shut your eyes and let the cum fall where it may.” 

And then, Jane said, the fun began in earnest. If a ‘blue’ girl drew the lowest card, the auction began at $50 and the winner had the right to fuck the girl’s cunt.

“They have the option of two positions. One has you lying on your back on the plinth with the guest standing. The other has you leaning over the plinth with your tits pressed to the surface and your legs spread, and the Guest taking you from behind. His choice, not yours. Sometimes the Guest will come during the five minutes and if he does you should hold his come inside you until you are back in your chair, and then let it ooze out so everyone can see. And by the way, when you are seated you should of course play with your nipples and your cunts as you wish. Let the Guests see you are sexually aroused. The more ‘aroused’ you appear to be the higher will go the pollen count in the room! The higher the pollen count, the higher the bidding will go. You’ll see how it works. ” 

A girl who had been fucked received a red garland and if a ‘red’ girl drew the lowest card then the auction started at $75 and the highest bidder could choose from a number of options. 

“He can fuck you in any position of his choosing, including female superior. Or he can have you suck him, or he can lick you, or he can ask for a ‘69’. Some of the Guests may ask for an ass-fuck, but this is off limits. I know some of you do this, but some of you do not and we want the same rules for all. So ass-fucking is not on the menu. Same goes for tit-fucking. Some of you have great tits for fucking, others not. Same rules for all. No tit fucking.”

A red girl stayed ‘red’ and the rules did not change until all the girls were ‘red’. At this point, two girls, those who drew the two lowest value cards, would mount the podium and the auction winner could either choose one of the girls and one of the previous options, or he could ask for a two-girl suck, or could lie on his back on the podium and have one girl sit on his cock, the other on his face. This was the high point of the ‘game’ and it continued until time ran out.

“We start at 9pm and finish at 3am. Guests are free to leave at any time, but must pay a fine of $200 if they do. Not many will choose this option, believe me, but you do get the occasional one for whom it gets to be too much. Usually they have run out of money and can’t bear the sight of other guys getting laid when they can’t. Needless to say, the Guests will have well-stocked wallets.” 

Jane paused in thought. “What have I forgotten? Ah Yes! Now just to reiterate, if a Guest comes on you rather than in you, just let it drip where it will, and then spread it around you so your bodies glisten. And above all else, remember the golden rule. All Guests are sexy, gorgeous and turn you on like hell. Whatever they do, you adore it. The ‘take’ will depend on your ability to make these guys cast caution to the winds and empty their wallets. It’s a bit like gambling. Most of the Guests will have a ‘limit’ in their minds, but all of them will have at least twice this amount in their wallets. Our goal is 24 empty wallets. No more, no less.” 

To say that I was less than enamoured of the ‘rules’, which appeared to me to be degrading, would be the understatement of the year! I caught Jane later while we were changing into our outfits.

“This is a far cry from your place in LA,” I said to her in a neutral tone, not wishing to offend, but truly inquisitive as to why. 

“I do agree, Susan,” Jane sighed. “But the competition up there was getting serious. It was getting to the point that unless S&M was on the agenda the fat cats were not interested. You were lucky to leave when you did. I had to start including whippings, cunt torture, C&BT, all kinds of things, and that is not my scene. The only alternative was to move down-market, more guys, less money per guy. That’s not so easy to do in LA, and it’s very risky. You get all sorts of crazy people in LA. But San Diego is a convention city. It’s set up to accommodate companies and organizations to hold meetings. So at any one time there are a lot of guys in town. And most of them are married and this is their chance of the year to get real sex! They are not ‘fat cats’, but you’d be surprised what they are prepared to pay for what they want. So provided you get the numbers right, the net take for a girl tonight will be about the same as we got up in LA. You’ll see.” 

She paused. “I’m sure you think this kind of event is degrading, and I won’t ask you to do it again. But you may find it is not as bad as you think. We are in complete control. You have to fuck a lot of guys and I’m sure sitting playing with your cunt while cum crystallizes on your tits is not going to turn you on, though, surprisingly it does turn some girls on. Usually I have no trouble getting twelve delectables together who actually get off on this kind of thing. Exhibitionists, you know. But I was really in trouble tonight and I really have to thank you again for helping me out.”

“For you, only, Jane,” I said. “I would not do this for anyone else.”

“I know,” Jane said, patting me gently on the shoulder. “And I thank you for it.”

This conversation calmed me somewhat, though my reservations remained. But as the event proceeded and the bidding began I saw her point. From a business point of view the agenda was conducive to a high ‘take’, of which my share at the end of proceedings actually exceeded my ‘take’ for the LA event. Jane was not just a pretty face. She knew how to convert ‘assets’ into money, and I remember thinking that Witherspoon Investments could well have used her talents, and not as a courtesan!

There was a price to pay for the move down-market, however. While I had enjoyed the LA event unashamedly and been truly sexually aroused, this one was work, pure and simple. I learned that night what it means to be a whore. And this, still, was a far cry from the brothels and ‘the street’.

On the point of nine, we entered the auditorium, which now took on a wholly new appearance. The lighting was directed solely at the podium so that although the Guests could see us very clearly, they were cast in shadow. It was like being on stage. The lights shone on you and the audience was in silhouette. For this I was grateful. Candles were placed strategically about the room and their scent created that musky tinge to the air that I remembered from LA. 

Jane was dressed in her black outfit, fishnet stockings, tight panties and a top that highlighted her breasts and nipples and left her midriff exposed, but covered her almost up to the neck band. A severe look. But as I saw those legs that truly went ‘all the way to the ground’, I could not help but remember our sessions together in the commune. She it had been who had introduced me to lesbian sex. I remembered the thrill with which I had licked her cunt and clit, and my pleasure on noting her response. It entered my mind that given time I could perhaps have fallen in love with Jane. In many respects she did resemble Heidi….. I thought of Heidi and felt ashamed. Yet she had said she had ‘been everywhere’ and to ‘Go for it!’ and thus comforted I put her out of my mind. I had a job to do, and while I was not looking forward to it, professional as I now was, I would do it to the best of my ability.

Jane first addressed the Guests, explaining the format. When she was done, we entered individually with Jane calling out the introductions. To my surprise, each girl’s entry was accompanied by polite applause. There were no cat-calls or whistles. Just polite applause. I, of course, was Destiny. I had drawn the last place in the line, which pleased me because I was sure the central positions would receive the most attention. At the end of the line, an occasional lapse, a hint perhaps of distaste, might go unobserved.

The ‘event’ began. As expected, Jane was her authoritative self. She was the Mistress of Ceremonies, and woe betide whomsoever may be the subject of her displeasure. Nevertheless, I could not fail to notice the two heavy set gentlemen at the back of the room. That Jane would hire ‘bouncers’? --- I was appalled! 

When I asked Jane about this later she told me that they served a triple function. Occasionally, at this level of the market a drunk Guest could get violent. It had happened. But in addition, these were professionals in contact with the outside. 

“The vice squad down here,” Jane said, “is so very unpredictable. They leave you alone for ever and a day, but one day they pounce.” The ‘bouncers’ second function was to sound a warning giving us time to cover up. 

“They can’t stop you just doing a strip show,” Jane said. “That’s not illegal. But they know, of course, that much more than that goes on here. Some club owners use bribes, but I don’t. There’s no cop ever got his dick wet for free here. That’s why we need protection. They raided us once, but by the time they got in here all that was going on was a ‘swim suit’ show. Nothing they could do about this. By now they are savvy and they go after less professional joints.” 

The bouncer’s third function, was to refresh the champagne buckets whenever necessary. This they did often, but always one at a time. I recall thinking that having champagne provided by ‘heavies’ was an artful way of reminding the Guests of their place! When it came to ‘business’, Jane took care of all angles.

To my great relief, I was lucky with the cards, though Lynda was not. She was the first to blue and first to red, and she had been fucked six times before I gained my own red garland. 

Somewhat to my surprise, the first Guest to fuck me, a middle-aged man with a moderate paunch, bid higher for me than any other previous fuck had drawn. I tried to think of this as a compliment! He pumped away and timed it perfectly, coming hard into me just as the gong sounded. He squeezed the last juices from his cock into me, and I held his come inside me, allowing this to drip out drop by drop only after regaining my seat. I spread my legs wide, and sat well back in the seat so the Guests could see each drop emerge from my cunt. I spread the cum slowly and absently around my vaginal lips and my pussy, and transferred some to my nipples, finding to my surprise that they stiffened up remarkably.

Quite a sight I must have presented --- at least the next time I was ‘up’ I drew twice as much at the auction as the previous highest bid. This Guest was younger and he choose to fuck me doggy style. I laid my head on the plinth and responded to his thrusts with muted grunts, quite different from the “Oh Ah Oh Ah Oh Ah Oh Ah Oh!” cries most of the girls seemed to favor. I was Destiny, and though I simulated ‘arousal’, it would be a challenge to get me off --- well, that was my strategy and I think it worked well for me. My second fuck also ended in a cunt full, and I played with this exactly as I had the first, maintaining a sense of self absorption, appearing to enjoy spreading the sticky stuff about my vulva and my breasts.

On and on went the game and as it evolved, the initial inhibitions of the Guests melted away. My eyes had grown accustomed to the shadows and I could see that every man jack, oblivious to his neighbors, was jerking off virtually continually. And I had to admit, knowing men as I did, that Jane’s way of constructing the evening was very artful.

Eventually we were all red and soon after I was up for a twosome.

“Caroline and Destiny,” Jane called out as we ascended the step onto the podium. 

“The bidding starts.”

This auction lasted quite a while, and again, drew the highest bid up to that point. The lucky winner elected to have me ride him, while Caroline face fucked him. His cock was large and fully erect, and as I rode him gently up and down I knew instinctively that this was not the last time I would service this particular cock. He was ‘turned on’ by me. This was obvious. As I rode him I joined eyes with Caroline, enjoying her nubile body, her tight stomach and her pert breasts with prominent nipples. A pretty sight we must have presented to the audience! We made a perfect match, both favoring the ‘muted but appreciative’ tactic, rather than the ‘Oh Hell you are driving me wild’ approach which was the more usual. I found this not only tacky, but far too artificial to be convincing. However, it takes all sorts and I suppose some of the Guests genuinely believed that they were fucking this or that girl to ecstasy, even as it was as obvious as that night is not day that she was simulating. My own simulation ---- I gained little sexual pleasure from this event --- was to register moderate but not excessive enjoyment, to remain a challenge. “Which of you,” I wanted to convey to the assembled Guests, “is man enough to really get me going?”
