 Without reading Out of Time & Space, this second chapter may be an incomplete picture.

Returning home, I began the process of deconstructing a life. Memories of my time with Sandy made the painful process of addressing divorce less onerous. As anyone who has survived it will attest, divorce is never fun for either party. But sometimes it's the only answer when a relationship has lost meaning. Mine would be excruciating, as it also meant leaving the Christian cult that had molded so much of my life. 

While the process of ending my marriage required focus, I still had work to do and projects to complete. I returned to Cleveland to continue my project work. 

I was not sure Sandy would want to see me again. Not that our time together wasn't wonderful, but insecurity made me apprehensive. Having lived in a sexless marriage for so long, fears of inadequacy and my naiveté weighed on me. The Christian lifestyle with its distain for sexual pleasure and focus on "brotherhood" had left a crippled concept of intimacy. Could I open my heart and receive what she had to give? Could I give her as much pleasure as she gave me? I called and told Sandy I would be arriving.

"I'll meet you at the airport," she replied. A promising sign - she wanted to see me again.

As I walked off the plane my mind should have been churning. My marriage was ending and my soon-to-be ex was already preparing to draw and quarter, at least financially. There was no question that most if not all the friends from my Christian cult life would denounce and disown me. I would probably lose my job, as my company was an outgrowth of this same group. So the peace and serenity I felt was surreal. No matter what else happened, I was making the right choices for me.

Sandy was waiting in her car as I walked out of the airport. I stepped off the curb and got into the front seat. Immediately she leaned over to kiss me, wrapping me in her arms.

"God, I missed you," she said, as we embraced. She pressed her body against mine with a wanting look in her eyes.

This was a completely new sensation; to be so desired by a woman. Sandy was neither ashamed nor warped by guilt over her longings. At ease in her sexuality, her pleasure and mine were paramount. This was an epiphany, an illuminating insight that sex could be relished and enjoyed without fear or recrimination. 

I was still uncertain and tentative as I took her hand while we drove toward her house. Sandy said, "Next time you come into town don't wear underwear, OK?"

"Why?"

"It will make it easier for me to do this," she smiled and tugged down the zipper to find my penis. Putting her slim hand down my briefs, she wrapped her fingers around my cock. Not to be outdone, I caressed her thigh and slid my hand upward to her waiting sex. Imagine my complete surprise when I found her panty hose were crotch-less! I never knew such a thing existed! Her wet, welcoming swollen labia made it blatantly clear her desire was real. 

Most stories would now involve an erupting orgasm in the car. I was far too self-conscious at that time in my life to enjoy this semi-public sexual action - a fault I've striven since to overcome.

We arrived and Sandy led me into the house. Not waiting for the bedroom, she hungrily kissed my mouth as we stood in the living room, our tongues mutually exploring. She unbuttoned my shirt, and ran her hands across my chest. I caressed her firm ass, sliding down the back of her thighs to lift her skirt. She sighed softly as I squeezed her butt pulling her against my rising cock. 

I brushed the hair from her neck and kissed her throat, my tongue caressing her neckline. Lifting the blouse over her head I released her breasts from their confine. In the meantime she had pulled off my shirt and we embraced chest-to-chest, her jutting nipples hot against me, stroking along my body as she pushed her pelvis to mine. 

I kissed down her throat, taking time to run my tongue along her clavicle. Enclosing her breast with my mouth I sucked and licked her nipple as she stroked my cock through my pants. Moving down her belly, I released her skirt and let it fall to the floor. Not waiting to remove her hose I pressed my mouth to her sex to taste the sweetness of her arousal. I licked across the lips of her vagina and pushed my tongue to her swollen clit. Grasping my hair she pulled me against her, lifting her pelvis to grant me better access.

"Oh, that's good baby. Lick my clit," she commanded

I was enthralled with this woman and giving her oral pleasure was such a joy. She shuddered and trembled as my tongue flicked back and forth over her clitoris. My hands sought her nipples and I gently tugged and played with them while I continued my worship of her lovely sex.

Lifting my face she said, "Take me from behind," and tugged at my pants to free my erect cock. 

It must have been a comic sight as I stood there, pants around my ankles, my erect penis dancing in the air in anticipation. Decorum be damned! She bent over the couch unveiling her hungry pussy and grabbed my cock to insert me. I slid in so easily and began to slowly stroke in and out. Again, she clamped my cock with her vaginal muscles and I felt the sweet sensation of her warmth enfold me. 

Holding her hips I thrust deeper, pumping my hard penis into her. Sandy increased her hold on me. From the intensity of her contractions, I suspected she was close to orgasm, as was I. Slowing, I pulled almost completely out till only the tip of my cock rested inside her loving warmth. She moaned and pushed back, attempting to again impale herself on my rigid shaft. I took my cock in my hand and stroked it along her vagina, rubbing the swelling purple head against her throbbing clitoris. 

"Oh God!" she cried and came in a convulsive shower of pleasure. She leaned forward onto the couch, offering her opening to me again and I plunged back home. As she still enjoyed the aftershocks of her own orgasm I pumped in and out, holding her breasts in my soft caress. 

"Aaaahhhh!" I screamed as my orgasm broke and I emptied my longing and tension into her receptive body. Leaning over her back, I kissed her shoulders and held her close. She pressed back against me, clamping her vagina around my penis. She was an incredible lover!

"That was great" she sighed as she leaned back to kiss my cheek.

"Yes" I struggled to reply, still recovering.

She slowly pulled away from my penis, all the while clasping me tightly, till I plopped out with a pop like a champagne cork. Laughing, we stood face-to-face, embracing and kissing.

"Can we lie down before I fall down?" I asked.

"Come to my bed."

We lay next to each other, softly caressing and kissing. I knew she could have several more orgasms before I'd be ready for more and I traced my fingers across her pink, hard nipples, tugging and teasing. She leaned over and kissed me, looking with incredible intensity into my eyes.

Is it possible to pinpoint the moment you fall in love? At this moment I knew I had fallen in love with Sandy. My world would never be the same, for which I am eternally grateful.

I kissed her breasts and teased her nipples with my tongue. Licking down her stomach I lathed her navel and then moved to the soft hair surrounding her sex. I kissed and licked as she moved upward to offer me her waiting mound. My mouth closed on her and my tongue explored her moist tunnel. I tasted the combined outpouring of our orgasms as I licked and kissed her. Finding again her fiery pleasure bud, I sucked it between my hungry lips and pulled gently while dancing across it with my tongue. Sandy pulled me to her and moaned her pleasure. 

Again my tongue traced the line of her vagina, thrusting inside. I returned to her clit and lavished it with affection. Teasing and flicking my tongue I helped her again reach climax and she arched her hips to meet my mouth, pushing against me as cascading pleasure engulfed. As we collapsed together, I slowly crawled back to rest in her arms, my head against her warm breast.

After a few minutes she began to playfully caress my softened penis. 

"I'm not sure I can do it again so soon," I said.

"Let's find out," she whispered impishly.

Squeezing and gently pulling on my cock, she proved my thoughts of sexual inadequacy were ill deserved. As I gradually returned to life, she moved down to take my penis in her mouth. Soft lips slipped around my cock and her tongue swirled the tip. She continued to stroke me with her hand while kissing and sucking me. I tried to reach her breast to give her pleasure as well.

She pushed my hand gently away and said, "No. This is for you. Relax and just feel it."

This will sound ludicrous, but I've always had a huge need to please. It was difficult for me to relax and just allow Sandy to give me pleasure. Again, the concept of pleasure for pleasures sake was so foreign. I tried to clear my mind of all but the sensation of her warm lips surrounding me, her tongue licking up and down the shaft, her fingers stroking and teasing. She would raise her head occasionally to look at my face, while pumping my now throbbing cock. A drop of pre-cum oozed from the tip and she greedily licked it with just the tip of her tongue.

I watched in amazement as this loving woman stroked and sucked my cock. I held her head in my hands, gently urging her on but without pressure. She didn't need any direction from me!

She pumped my cock up and down focusing her attention on the sensitive trimmed foreskin and I felt my orgasm rising like molten lava. "I'm going to cum," I cried!

"Cum in my mouth," she begged and took my penis in her warm, moist lips. As her tongue circled the tip of my cock and her hand pumped, I came in an explosion of colossal dimensions. She sucked and pulled the semen from my cock like a hungry beast. Her tongue never stopped swirling around me. 

This was an orgasm unlike any I'd ever known. The intense pleasure of her warm mouth and playful tongue on my cock drove me to the roof. It was all I could do to accept the pleasure without pulling away. The look of incredulous joy on my face must have told Sandy all she wanted to know. She smiled, her hand still stroking my shaft.

"I knew you'd love it."

"Yes, but I could never… how could I imagine… Oh my God! That was incredible!"

"Want to do it again?" she quipped.

"NO! At least not right now. Give me a minute to recover!"

She laughed and flicked her tongue to taste a final drop of cum from my cock. I pulled her to me and kissed her, wrapping her in my arms and never wanting to let go.