 We sat at the table. The morning sky was oppressive and dark, casting its shadow over our day already.

Our plans seemed to have evaporated into the darkness that covered the town, even at 9am. We were both a bit upset at this, and were not talking. There was a frosty silence, words had been exchanged, and pride hurt. We sulked.

We had planned for days, getting all our hiking gear together. Cleaning boots, washing socks and shorts, and airing our rucksacks. All that effort for nothing, we had just wasted our time. That was our reason for being upset, and we took it out on each other, which was very unusual. We never blamed each other for things that we had no control over. It was a measure of our disappointment that we had sniped at each other since we woke up.

I stared out of the window, wondering why we were so upset, it was after all only a walk in the country, and something we could do whenever we wanted. I turned my head, and saw the disappointment etched in your beautiful face. I realised that this would have been more than just a walk, it would have been a release of all the stresses and strains that had built up over the last few months. I chuckled, and your head whipped round, your eyes blazing.

“Babe,” I said, “it might be dark out there, but it’s not raining, the forecast was for it to improve, and, since we’ve got everything packed and ready to go, why don’t we just go?”

“What?” you replied, your voice rising with unsuppressed anger, “You said earlier that you’d rather not go out in the dark, because you didn’t think it was worth the effort, and now you just think we should go. Why the fuck have you changed your mind?”

“Well love, I was sat here thinking about why we were off out, and I realised that we both need to release some of our stresses and strains. So I thought, ‘what the hell’, and that’s why we should get up now, and just go.” I answered softly.

“Thank you.” You said, your eyes becoming very bright as tears began to form.

I stood up, and came round the table, and kneeling down, put my arms round you and gave you a great big hug, which you returned.

Drying your eyes, you stood up. I stood next to you, my arm draped comfortably round your shoulder, and kissed you on the cheek. You began to smile, for the first time, and I knew that I had made the right choice.

We walked into the hall, and picked up all our equipment, and left the house. The sky was still dark, but for some reason it did not feel as threatening as it previously had. We put all of the gear in the car, and I checked to ensure we hadn’t forgotten anything. After the delay and arguments of earlier, we were both raring to go.

You were driving, so I turned on the radio, and tuned it into one of our favourite stations. Show tunes blazed out, and we sang along, the arguments forgotten as we relaxed into our singing. The countryside passed in a blur as we made our way to the planned starting point. After our short drive, 45 minutes, we arrived. You parked the car, and we got out and stretched. I began to put on my boots, as you took a little stroll to the start of our trail. Once I finished, I removed the rucksacks from the car, and proceeded to check them out. I made sure that we had all we would need for the day, and some extra for emergencies. I liked to be prepared, it was something we always laughed about. You liked to joke that it was like being with a boy scout, I always said that it was better to be ready for things to go wrong, and you always called me a pessimist. I smiled as I finished checking the gear, and you returned from your inspection.

“Well babe, how does it look?” I asked.

“Not too bad, it looks a bit muddy at the start, but may be better further into the woods.” You replied.

“Ok, let’s get you into your boots, and we can start.” I said.

You sat on the back seat of the car, and proceeded to don your hiking boots, ensuring that they were tight, but not too tight. Standing up, you closed the door, and locked the car, and put the keys into your rucksack. I held your rucksack for you, as you turned round and slipped your arms through the straps. While you made yourself comfortable, I donned by rucksack. We were ready to go.

We set off, you leading the way, and setting the pace. W e walked in silence, glad to be out in the fresh air. The trail was a bit muddy, but still easy to walk on, and as we got further into the woods, there was less mud. We were happy, and I was very glad that we had left the house and done what we had planned.

As I followed you, I watched the movement of your bum. It nestled at the top of your long, shapely, legs, and barely wobbled as you took each step. I reached out and gave it a quick squeeze.

“Oi!” You yelped, as you felt my hand touch you. “This is no time for touching me up, that comes later.”

“Right you are darling.” I replied, grinning.

I follow on. Content to watch as you sway your hips, accentuating the normal movement, because you know I am looking at you.

I think about how gorgeous you look in your hiking outfit. The boots encase your delicate feet, and support your shapely ankles. I look at the back of your well-defined calves, and watch the muscles play as you walk. My eyes travel upwards, to the back of your knees, and travel over the smooth flesh of your thighs, upwards to the bottom of your loose shorts. I imagine the smooth silky flesh encased in your flimsy panties, knowing that you will be wearing one of your tight little g-stings. My cock begins to stiffen, and I have to make several adjustments as I continue to follow you.

We walk for several miles, deeper into the woods, our legs getting used to the walk. My eyes are fixed on your bum for the whole time, and it requires all my self-control to keep my hands off you.

“Shall we stop and have a rest?” You ask.

“Sure, babe, sounds like a good plan, there’s a log over there, we can sit on that.” I reply.

“Ok, but we’ll only take a short break, I don’t want to seize up this early in the day.” You chuckle, as we walk over to the log, and sit down.

We remove our rucksacks, and take out our water flasks, and sit next to each other, thighs touching, as we sip our cool water. I lean over, and rest my head on your shoulder, burying my face into your golden hair, and nuzzling against your neck. You giggle as I run my tongue round your neck.

“Stop it!” You shriek. “You know how ticklish I am, and how horny it makes me when you do that. Save your energy for the walk, and for when we get home, you’re going to need it, and that’s a promise.”

I lift my head, surprise etched on my face, and you laugh as you see my incredulous expression. I take your face in my hands, and pull you toward me, until our lips meet, and I kiss you passionately. We break apart, breathing hard, and struggle slowly back into our rucksacks.

As we start walking again, we stay side by side, and hold hands. I feel the smooth skin of your hand as it rubs against the rougher skin of my own. It is sending small electric currents shooting through my arm with each swing. I turn my head to watch your profile as we continue to walk.

I look up, and see through the canopy of trees that the skies are still fairly dark, but a lot less threatening than they had been earlier. I smiled to myself, and knew that it was going to be a good day, no matter what had happened at home.

We walked for several more miles, before you stopped suddenly.

“Sorry about this, but I need to go to the loo.” You said.

“That’s fine babe, there are a few bushes you can sneak behind. Since it’s getting on a bit, shall we find somewhere to set up for lunch?” I say.

“Yeah, that’s a great idea.” You reply, as you begin looking for a suitable bush.

You wander off and I walk a little further to a small clearing. I take off my rucksack, and begin to unload our food. I take out a little gas stove, and a small can in which to heat the water. Pouring water into the can, I light the stove and sit back and wait. I lean back against the rucksack, and watch for your return.

A few minutes later, you walk into view. I stare as you walk toward me, your fabulous body, you move cat like over the uneven ground, as your lithe grace carry’s you effortlessly toward me. I admire the way your breasts move slightly with each step, and the way your hair is blown in the slight breeze.

You stop next to me, and remove your rucksack. After dropping the rucksack on the ground, you stretch, raising your hands above your head. As your arms rise, the t-shirt you are wearing lifts a little, showing part of your smooth flat stomach. I reach up, and run my hand lightly over the exposed skin. It feels like silk, a small tremor ripples through your body, and I watch your breasts as they move slightly. You finish stretching, and your t-shirt once more covers your tantalising flesh.

I check the water, and find that it is ready to pour onto our freeze-dried food.

“Chicken or Beef, babe?” I ask

“I’ll have the chicken thanks.” You reply.

I pour the correct amount of water into the food, and seal the packets, waiting for the food to re-hydrate and warm through. We sit next to each other, and I stir some coffee granules into the remainder of the water, and pour it into two mugs. I slip my arm around you, resting my hand on your breast, and giving it a little squeeze. You sigh in contentment, and snuggle closer to me.

I slowly begin to rub your breast, feeling your nipple as it gets harder. You sigh, as I continue to knead your pliant breast. I turn my head, and begin to kiss your hair. You turn your face to me, and we kiss, a long slow languorous one, that curls my toes with its deep emotional feeling. We break apart, our eyes focused on each other, keeping eye contact as we both smile. I check my watch, and notice the time.

“Jees babe!” I exclaim. “We must have been kissing for five minutes, that’s amazing, I thought it was only a short one.”

“How time flies when you’re having fun.” You chuckle. “I guess that means it’s time for food then?”

“You bet. It should be ready to eat now.” I reply. “Tuck in, this is the chicken one.”

We sit back against the tree, and begin to eat our food, once more we settle down into companionable silence. The sounds of the woods begin to intrude on our peace.

My arm is draped round your shoulders, your head resting against me. I gently rub your breast, and you snuggle closer, giving me better access to your beautiful firm breasts. I indulge myself, by alternating between them, gently rubbing and pinching, softly, each nipple, until they are clearly visible, despite the material of your t-shirt and bra. You squirm against me as I play with your tits, and slip your hand onto the outline of my erect cock. You turn your face toward me, and our lips meet, in a deep passionate kiss, our tongues fighting. I taste your lunch, and push my tongue further in, to savour the flavour. You moan into my mouth, as my tongue sweeps around your oral cavity, rubbing against your teeth. Our hands meanwhile have continued their work.


You have managed to undo my zip, and slid your hand inside my shorts. You have grasped my cock, and are rubbing it vigorously. I gasp at the touch of your cool hand on my warm sensitive flesh. Our kiss breaks up, and I lean my head back against the tree, as you begin to slowly wank my cock with long slow strokes, which you know makes me wild with desire. My hand continues to play with your tits, as my other hand moves to your shorts, and slowly undoes the button, and then pulls down the zip. I slip my hand inside, and find the material of your g-string damp from your arousal. I gently rub your engorged flesh through the light silk, and feel your hand tighten on my cock as your pleasure increases.

I continue to rub you pussy, through the silk of your panties. You begin to push your hips forward, rubbing yourself against my hand, increasing the pressure of my caresses. I hook my fingers inside your panties, and rub my finger over your damp pussy lips, gently flicking your clit as I do. You squirm, and let a small moan escape from your mouth. I begin to roll your clit through my fingers, flicking it, and rubbing around it, stimulating it. Alternating between direct stimulation, as my fingers rub over the top, and flick it gently from side to side, and indirect stimulation, where I circle round it, avoiding direct contact. After several minutes of this, I feel you beginning to tense up, as you reach your orgasm. I rub your clit faster, and your body goes rigid. Your hand grips my cock very tightly, and your nipples stand out like fingertips, as tremor after tremor passes through your body as you submit to your orgasm.

I continue to gently rub your very sensitive clit, each touch bringing another shudder from your already over stimulated body. You relax as your orgasm slowly subsides, and you lean your head on my chest, as you once more begin to run your hand over my hard cock.

Suddenly, you stand up, and pull of your shorts and g-string. I gaze at your pussy, the lips swollen and damp. The smell of your arousal fills the air. Its heady scent turning me on even more than I already was. I reach for you, but you push my hands away, and turn round. I see the lovely globes of your buttocks, and reach up to caress them as you lower yourself slowly onto my lap. My hands hold onto your firm flesh, as you grab my cock, and guide it carefully to the entrance of your waiting pussy. You run my cock between your engorged pussy lips, coating it with the moisture that has collected there. You rub my hard cock over your sensitive clit, and we both shudder at the exquisite contact. As you shake with the building pleasure, I slide my hands to your hips, to help support you, while you continue to rub my rock hard cock around your pussy. You stop, and place the tip of my cock at the entrance to your pussy. I feel the warmth from your sexual centre as it begins to overpower me.

You sit down slowly, impaling yourself on my cock, with a smooth continuous movement you bury my cock in your warm velvet cunt. I sigh as I feel the sensations of envelopment. Your firm ass comes to rest on my stomach, and you lean back resting on me, with my cock penetrating you as far as you want it too. In this position, you control how deep my cock can go, by leaning forward, you are able to take more of, and by sitting up straight, you limit the penetration. I sigh in pleasure as you begin to slowly move up and down, alternating your position, from upright to fully leaning forward.

You continue your careful movements, fucking me with deliberate strokes. I revel in your control, and hold your hips, occasionally stroking your buttocks.

As your movements get faster, your breathing becomes louder and more laboured, as does mine. I feel the sweat forming on my forehead, and am glad that it is not a very hot day. I slide my hands under your t-shirt, and cup your breasts with my hands, giving them a gentle squeeze. I begin to knead your breasts, through the smooth material of your bra, feeling your hard nipples rubbing against my palms. Your body responds, you through back your head, and move your hips faster. The smell of our fucking rises from us, and I breathe deeply, enjoying our musky aroma.

I move my hands, and push your bra up and over your tits, exposing them to my grasping hands. I feel your cool flesh against my hands, and cup each tit carefully. Continuing to knead your breasts, I softly pinch each nipple, each pinch causing you to groan, and fuck me harder. My cock throbs as you fuck me, taking me deep inside your warm velvet tunnel. I lean my head against the tree, and close my eyes. I lose myself in the sensations that are emanating from my groin.

I feel your cunt gripping my cock, and marvel at your total control. You push back against me hard, and I feel the tip of my cock butt up against your cervix. You shudder at the contact, and move away, only to plunge backward again and again. My cock head keeps hitting your cervix, and your body gets wild each time it does.

Sweat runs down my face, and I feel my cock throbbing faster, as your cunt works its magic.

“I’m going to cum babe.” I gasp.

“Not in my pussy you’re not.” You groan. “We’ve some serious walking to do, and I want to be comfortable, I don’t want your cum running down my leg all day. Let me know when you are close, and I’ll finish you off the way you like it best.”

“Fantastic!” I gasp, as you draw my cock deeper into your willing cunt.

You change your style, and begin to fuck me faster and harder, slamming yourself back into me. I grip your hips, to stop you bucking yourself off my lap. I groan each time my cock hits your cervix, loving the feeling. I feel the familiar churning as my balls begin to pump my hot spunk into you.

“I’m gonna cum any second babe.” I exclaim, as you plunge yourself backwards onto my hard throbbing cock.

You pull yourself off me, and quickly kneel down, and take my dripping cock into your mouth.

“Mmmm.” You moan. “This tastes lovely, no wonder you like sticking your face in my pussy.”

You suck my cock deep into your mouth, and proceed to lick and suck as if you were eating your favourite lollipop. I watch as you reach between your legs, and begin to rub your clit as you swallow my cock. I begin to tense up, as my orgasm builds, and then there is nothing but stars, as my balls pump jet after jet of hot spunk into your waiting mouth. You clamp your lips tightly round my cock, and swallow, not letting any of the protein rich fluid escape. As I pump the last few drops into your mouth, I feel you tense up, as you reach another orgasm. Your fingers bring you to the brink, having worked skilfully, and then push you over the edge.

You collapse on my groin, my cock still in your mouth, as you continue to suck and lick it clean. I reach between your legs with my hand, and slide a finger into your sopping cunt. Bringing the, juice covered finger to my mouth, I lick your tasty cum off it, and swallow. You lie, your head resting on my thighs, my softening cock slipping out of your mouth, your breathing returning to normal.

I roll you off me, and spreading your legs, plunge my tongue into your warm wet pussy, cleaning it of all the juices. I lick you as deeply as I can, and savour your unique sweet flavour. I avoid touching your, hypersensitive clit, but clean every part of you that has been moistened by your orgasms. I sit up, and look down at you. Your eyes are closed, and your chest is moving up and down, as if you had just run ten miles.

“That babe was a fantastic lunch!” I say. “I think I could live off that sort of lunch. Let me just say that eating you is one of my favourite things in the whole world. I just love it, and I think I could do it for days at a time. We’ll have to try it, what do you think?”

“Oh, yes!” You exclaim, your eyes snapping open. “That sounds like heaven to me, how about next weekend, we can just stay in bed until Monday morning, and I’ll just suffer the torment of orgasm after orgasm. Lovely.”

Your eyes sparkle as you speak, and I see your nipples harden under your t-shirt. I chuckle, and offer you my hand. You take it, and I pull you into a sitting position. We hug, and our lips meet in a fast hungry kiss. I taste our combined juices as our tongues meet. I pull apart, and stare deep into your eyes.

“Let’s get ourselves dressed, and finish this walk babe, and then we can continue with our physical pleasure in comfort at home later on. Is that a good plan?” I mutter.

“Marvellous!” You reply.

We stand, and tidy ourselves, it doesn’t take me too long, as I am still fully dressed. I slip my limp, well used, cock back into my shorts and close the zip. I watch as you pull on your panties, adjusting them so that they sit comfortably, and then slip your shorts on over the top. You then lift p your t-shirt, revealing your bare breasts, the nipples harden as they react to the cool air. You pull your bra back over them, and adjust them until you are once more fully supported, and ready to go.
