 "Daddy, when are you going to fuck your little girl?"

Dale's grip tightened on the phone and he glanced fitfully at his office door. Katie's voice purred over the phone and he imagined she was curling herself over her bedsheets. When he said nothing he heard her give a curious growl.

"Daddy, she needs your big cock. God. God, daddy, please come soon."

It was no secret between them. Katie was touching herself across the phone line. He heard the faint ruffle of her rearranging herself, imagined her slender fingers caught between the supple, slightly sweaty, skin of her thighs. She let the faintest of breaths catch in her throat. Her voice went lower, deeper. "Daddy," she whispered. "Daddy, I need you to fuck me now..."

He finally controlled himself enough to clear his throat. His heart was hammering against his chest. He had told her. He had told her this was going to stop. She was a grown woman now; it had been months since their hotel tryst and she'd spent the summer in London. When she started her last semester he had laid down the law in no uncertain terms. He would have to make peace with his sins. He'd have to live with them. And did she understand? "Yes, daddy, of course," she said, using the mock playful voice she'd never used when she'd been living under his roof.

But then the phone calls started. She knew he wasn't receiving her special brown wrapped packages anymore so she'd taken to leaving suggestive voice messages. When those hadn't done the trick she'd become much more explicit.

"Do you remember?" she gasped over the phone. "Do you remember when you fucked me in the middle of the n-night?" She gave a swift cry, as if her clitoris had just been lightly strafed. "You came between my thighs, OH, daddy! And I rubbed your semen between my legs." Katie growled again and rolled over her comforter. He heard her shifting. "I'm getting naked, daddy. I know you love my ass but you like my tits, don't you?" She cooed, "Don't you, daddy?" She groaned into the phone. "Like to squeeze them?"

"Katie. Stop it."

"Getting out of my panties now, daddy. I hope Aubrey doesn't come home early and find me tangled up in this big empty bed." She paused. "I don't know what I might do to her!" She dissolved into sadistic giggles while he sat and raged in his office chair. "Don't I get you hot, daddy?"

"Katie, this is completely inappropriate."

"Do I need a spanking?"

"Katie..." His hard tone frightened her, to tell the truth, but he was miles away.

"Fine!" she suddenly huffed. "I was just having some fun..." He heard her shifting again, perhaps sitting down. "Don't you remember fun, daddy? I guess with me gone maybe you forgot."

"Katie," he started again, "you call me if there's an emergency. You don't call me just to play games."

That made her mad. "I'm sorry," she said acidly, "you should have told me you were busy."

"I'm at work."

"So?"

He wanted to break something. "Why are you being like this? You're smarter than this."

"Oh Gawd!" she sneered. "Like, I'm so totally stupid, dad, maybe I should go bang boys my own age. Huh?"

"Katie..."

"Yeah, s'not like I need my dad's big, thick dick filling me up. Though, y'know, if those frat boys are going to compete I might need to get two of them. Do a little of that double stuff, right?"

"Katie..."

"Is that what you want, daddy?" she said huskily. "You want your daughter to be filled out by two guys... one in my mouth, the other behind me - doing God knows what to my precious bottom?"

"Katie, I've fucking had it."

"Well I haven't fucking had it - but maybe I should go GET IT."

"Don't call me again!" he snapped. "If you call this office and you're not on fucking fire or about to be raped I will-"

"What?" she shrieked. "Take me home? I'm two semesters away from graduating magna cum laude and you're going to jeopardize that for an obscene phone call?"

"You are being completely insane right now."

"INSANE?" she screamed into the phone. "Because I want to FUCK?"

"That is not what this is about."

"Fuck you!"

"Katie-"

"I hate you!"

"WILL YOU CALM DOWN?"

She hung up on him. He was standing now, glaring at the phone in his hand and listening to it groan and crack against his palm. His heart was beating too fast, too hard, and his entire body was a shuddering mass of muscle screaming with the adrenaline that had nowhere else to go but down to his dick and straight through his neck. He glared out the window. He glared at his computer. He glared at his watch, which was laid innocently across the top of his desk near his calendar. His fucking calendar...

The door clicked open and Margaret stepped in.

"Not now," he barked.

She closed it behind her and strode over to his desk. "You need to stop whatever is happening right now. I can hear you out there." She pulled a stray curl of auburn hair off her forehead and behind her ear and looked up at him with her clear, emerald eyes. They glared at each other for a fixed moment until she reached for the phone and pried it out of his fingers.

She laid it on the cradle and stepped back, folding her arms under her breasts. She was wearing a smart little black vest that buttoned tightly against the white blouse beneath it. She'd stopped wearing the more revealing pieces a year ago when they'd passed the new dress policy but Dale always figured it had more to do with her boyfriend, or fiance, he wasn't sure. But the skirt was killing him and her conservative high heels weren't doing him any favors. "Sorry," he snapped. "It's over now. I need to be alone."

"No," she said, not moving. "You're shaking."

"I'm not shaking! It's adrenaline."

"Relax," she said, "you certainly don't look like you're afraid."

"I'm-"

"You look like you're about to kill someone. Jesus!" She pressed her fingers against his neck and slapped his hand when he tried to pull her away. "Your pulse is going a mile a minute."

"I'm not going to keel over," he grunted.

"Yes, we're all very aware of how fit you are, sir. I'm more worried about how the investors are going to feel when you rip their heads off for asking you to speak slower and less wrathful."

He cracked a smile.

She bit her tongue between her teeth and balled her fists against her waist. "You can't go out there like this."

He sighed. "I won't, I-" The calendar. He glanced down at his watch. At the calendar. His watch. "FUCK!" he shouted.

Her cold fingers clamped over his lips and she stomped her shoe down on his toes. "That meeting's in thirty-five minutes and Ryan is already freaking out about it. You can't do this right now."

"Don't tell me what I can't do, Margaret."

She stared at him boldly. "Dale, I have more respect for you than most people I know and I know perfectly well what you can and can't do and I know you can't sink a deal for shit when you've got your mind on something else." He started to protest. "Who is she?"

It had all the force of a physical attack. Margaret scoffed at him. She actually looked hurt.

"Don't even. Please, please, please give me just a miniscule shred of hope that you don't think I'm completely blind." She stuck out her leg and swayed out on her hips. "You're sleeping with someone else. I know what that looks like and it's looked like that for almost a year."

He swallowed. He wasn't frightened, not exactly. Margaret was a career girl and had kept mum about more than a few office indiscretions over the years none which, until now, had involved him and all of which she had cynically, gleefully shared in his confidence. But this was different. "Who heard?"

"They heard you yelling but I'm the only one who could actually make out words," she replied. She looked mad at him rather than disappointed. "And it sounded like a girlfriend fight, not a wife fight. And I know Mary doesn't call you at work."

He had to smile.

She smiled back. "And the packages?"

"Yes," he admitted.

"Dirty photos or lingerie?" She raised an eyebrow.

"Guess."

"I won't," she said firmly. "And I'm one-hundred percent sure she's younger than you."

"Why?"

She wet her lip. "Well look at you." He started to smirk. She shut him down. "You've bottled a lot of passion to get this high in the company. You probably should have been a maniac."

That wasn't so flattering. "Ah-"

"You've channeled something pretty harcore to do what you do," she said. "I never said I respected you because I thought you were smart, Dale, it's because you're so fucking good at business."

"Alright," he decided. "I'll take that compliment."

"But I get the feeling you need a wild girl to vent that on and I don't think Patty in HR is gonna be pinch hitting to your libido anytime soon."

"Patty's a lovely woman," he said.

"She is a woman," Margaret agreed. "But I'm a woman." The way she pronounced the two put an infinite gulf between the terms. She screwed up her eyes at him. "I bet she's my age isn't she?"

"That's getting too personal," he said.

"Admit it."

"She is." That was easy. "Actually she's about a year or two younger."

"Oh." That was a surprise, he saw. "That's your daughter's age, Dale!"

"I know," he said.

She shook her head. "She must keep you up all night."

"That's getting way too personal."

"Fine," she said. She sighed and glanced at his watch. "You're doing better but I can tell you're going to be raging when I leave this room."

He shook his head. "You're right. Hold on." He grabbed his phone and raised it high over his head. Before Margaret could tell him no he chucked it hard and smashed it on the floor. 

Margaret dashed over to the door and locked it. She strode back over to him and thrust her finger into his chest. "What the hell is wrong with you?" she hissed. "You're a grown ass man." He grabbed her wrist and pushed her off. She pulled her arm away from him. 

"Sorry," he said.

"It's fine." She rubbed her wrist. "Or no, it's not fine. You're not fine. You're a wreck."

"I'm not a wreck," he argued.

"No, but you're fit to boil," she said. "Did you break up with her?"

"Sort of."

"Sort of?"

"It's complicated."

"Well get uncomplicated, Dale, because the meeting's in thirty minutes. What do you need to do?"

"I-" He exhaled a heavy breath. The thought of Katie writhing around her bed and teasing him over the phone was boring into his brain; her whispers clawing down his neck and down his nervous back. He hadn't fucked Mary in months and his libido was a wild, raging thing. What did he need to do? He almost roared. "Look, just give me a few minutes, alright? I appreciate it, Margaret, more than you know, but I can't..." He had his eyes shut tight and his hand laid on the edge of his desk. He felt every tremor that shook throughout his body and every aching sensation firing back and forth up his pelvis. When he was younger he used to think there was something wrong with him. Now? Hell...

He realized he hadn't heard a word from the girl. He looked up suddenly, opening his eyes. Margaret was there, her lips set in a curious line, frowning, staring at him quizzically. She pressed her knuckles into her hips again, clearly thinking, studying him. She was beautiful, of course, but she had a keen mathematic way of studying problems and it was during those moments when she seemed to go beyond herself that a sparkle of charisma seemed to ignite her little body. Her skin was darker than Katie's, her hair thick and dark, her eyes bright and green.

She strode over to him again in her heels and deftly started to unbutton her vest. Dale didn't understand. He backed up. She opened the vest and unbuttoned the light silk top. Suddenly her breasts were in view, barely contained by the lacy black brassiere. "I stopped wearing the tops when you stopped looking," she said, taking his hand. He was too astonished to protest. She laid his palm over her chest and wrapped her fingers around his. "Mm," she said. "Squeeze me."

He did, completely out of reflex. "Marge-" he started. 

"Nn-nn," she intoned, reaching up to his face and standing on tip toe. "Kiss me."

He bent down under her curls and felt her long lashes brush his cheeks. She pouted her lips for him and let him kiss her gently. Her mouth was so soft, so suddenly yielding; her fingers carressed the stubble of his cheek. With her other hand she guided his hand down and to the side and helped him cup her heavy breast. She smiled and broke the kiss and became shorter. He watched her kick her heels beside his desk and jut her chest out as she reached through and behind her blouse to unsnap the bra and slip it down her belly.

"Your pants," she said.

"Wait," he said. "We can't-"

"Twenty minutes," she said to him in her most secretarial manner. "You need to fuck me and get this shit washed out of your system - at least for a couple hours. So come on." He watched her wiggle and throw a hand at his desk while she reached up under herself and balanced on one leg. After a moment one thin black pair of panties was skating down her panty hose. She raised the other leg and dropped them neatly over her shoes. She smiled up at him finally and backed up against his desk. 

He continued to stare at her.

She made a slight moue and tilted her head. "I'm asking you to fuck me for the good of the company." She reached for him and pulled him by the belt loops between her legs. She grinned. "You're hard for me."

"Of course I am," he said. 

She reached up and wrapped her fingers around his neck. He let her pull him to her while she undid his belt and started to push his pants down. 

"Margaret-" he started.

"I want you," she rasped. His dick was hard in her little hand. She started to stroke him. "I want you," she repeated, this time slipping her tongue into his mouth. "Say you want me."

"I want you," he said. His hands trailed over her breasts. He felt her heat suddenly. He pulled the bra away and stared gratefully at the generous mounds that sloped down from her shoulders. They were bigger than Katie's - not as perky or round - but soft and heavy in his hands. The puffed nipples glided under the cracks of his palms.

She let go of his dick and started to hike her skirt up against the desk. He helped her pull it up over her ass, lovingly dragging his fingers over the lining of her dark panty hose as he did so.

"Put me on the desk," she ordered. 

He reached under her bottom and scooped her up onto the mahogany.

"Oh!" she suddenly huffed as he slid his fingers down her inner thigh. She looked embarrased for a moment. "Do you feel how wet I am?" He dipped his fingers between her legs and suddenly slipped between her naked pussy lips.

"Every day," she murmured to herself. She laid a hand on his chest. "Your heart's still beating." She looked up into his eyes. He couldn't pull his gaze away, no matter how badly he wanted to drink the rest of her body in. He felt her fingers wrap around his cock and gently draw him to her. "You're so hard," she whispered, still staring directly into his eyes. "Do you want to fuck me?" 

"Yes."

"I want you to fuck me." She squeezed him mercilessly. She had brought him just to the threshold of her pussy. His hands were stamped down on either side of her on the desk and her legs were stretched wide against his hips. He felt her stockinged toes dig against the backs of his knees. "You can think about her while you fuck me," she said. Their bodies had both begun to shake and she pressed the head of his penis gently against the slick lips of her vagina. "You don't have much time," she reminded him. "Fuck me," she said. "Fuck me and cum."

"You're-"

"I'm on the pill," she reassured him. "It's okay." She let him go and squeezed the backs of his arms. "It's okay."

He grabbed her ass roughly and pushed himself inside. 

"Ah!" Margaret gasped. 

She was tight. She was very tight, and very, very wet. He pushed himself as deeply as he could inside her until her fingers clawed at his back. "Ungh," he grunted. He couldn't even control himself enough to ease into her. "I'm sorry-"

"Mm," she shook and squeezed her legs against him. "Is it as tight as hers?" He pulled out and felt breath restored to him. The feeling of the office air on his moist cock as it left her steaming body invigorated him. They both let out muffled moans and then he drove himself back in. Suddenly very aware of the bustling office just paces from their fornication, they moved as one and clutched tighter against each other. Dale pressed his forehead down on Margaret's and she drew her hands over and behind his neck. They shut their eyes tight as he pulled out and slipped back into her.

"Does that feel better, baby?" she whispered to him.

"God, yes."

"Do you give it to your wife like this?"

He rammed into her harder as reply.

Margaret suddenly needed to be kissed. She reached up and pressed her mouth forcefully against his and she screamed into his mouth as he gave it to her hard and deep. She sucked on his tongue and gasped when their lips separated. They found their shaky rythm and he was now pulling in and out of her in long, measured strokes. He grabbed her thick tit and pulled her in more tightly to him with his hand firmly on her pliant ass.

"Do you want to call me by her name?"

He stared down at her (he was going to need another shirt - this one was going to be soaked completely through). "Who?"

"Your girl on the side? Ah - to the right-" she smirked. "My right! Yes!" She grabbed his hand and bit it hard. "What's her name?"

Dale felt her pussy trying to squeeze the cum out of his cock. "Katie." He couldn't help it.

"She has the same name as your daughter?" Her face bobbed back and forth in his vision, her dark hair already sticking to her forehead. She reached up and touched his face. "You're a sick man, Dale." She smiled devilishly. She rocked her pelvis against him. The nakedness of her vagina sent polarized shivers up his abdomen. "Fuck me, daddy," she whispered. 

That was naughty.

"You like that?" he whispered.

"Fuck your daughter," she teased. "I'm young enough to be your daughter. Do I fuck like your daughter?"

"God, Margaret-"

She broke out into another wicked grin and grinded against him on the desk. "Call me Katie," she said. "Oh, fuck, Dale, I'm so fucking wet... Does she make you this hard?"

"My daughter?"

Margaret laughed and smacked his arm. She fell back on the desk and let him lean over her. He pulled down the rest of her blouse and grabbed her breasts and kneaded them together. Just the feeling of her young, supple skin between his fingers was enough to send lightning shooting up and down his dick.

"No," she hissed. "Katie."

"Yes," he said.

"Do you want to cum for Katie right now?"

"Yes," he said.

She closed her eyes and arched her back on the desk. The beautiful blue sky of the cityscape reeled in his vision as Margaret thrashed and bucked against his dick. "Cum for me, baby. Cum for me, daddy," she grunted. He started to slam against her and she squeezed him into her with her legs. "Not so loud," she warned. She motioned for him to lean over her and, while she gripped the front of the desk with one one hand, she brought him in close to her face. 

She drew her fingers over his stubble again and smiled at him warmly. "You're going to do so good in this meeting, honey. There isn't much t-ah!-ime. I have a change of clothes for you in your bottom drawer."

"I know," he grunted.

"I take good care of you," she whispered.

"I know," he said, tracing her mouth with his. She ripped his shirt open so she could rub her hands under his undershirt and over his chest. She started to make soft whimpers that resonated down inside her throat and body. Her pussy had begun to drip over his balls and the mahogany of the desk. 

"What about-" She shushed him. "What about your, don't you have a man-"
