 Bo stretched and laughed as his squadron mates cut up. They had been out nearly three months flying combat missions off the U.S. Space Carrier Yorktown. Bo was a squadron commander of one of the elite squadrons in the U. S. fleet. He and his men had flown dangerous mission after dangerous mission over the past 90 days. The pilots flew two three month tours a year and the scuttlebutt was that they were standing down and heading home tomorrow. Bo was glad. The men had worked hard and he had seen stress and fatigue take its toll. Several pilots from other squadrons had lost their lives over the last few weeks and their loss hurt the close knit pilots and raised the stress level in their already deadly job. 

Bo's thoughts turned to his girlfriend, Sara, a shuttle pilot on the Yorktown. She was one of the top rescue pilots in the fleet. She and her squadron had been busy pulling in pilots who'd had to eject during the day's combat operations. As she worked to rescue a downed pilot, her shuttle had been hit by enemy fire. Bo and his squadron had landed and he was post-flighting his fighter when one of the ground crew told him Sara was in trouble. He'd double-timed it from the hangar bay to the Landing Signal Officer's cramped booth overlooking the landing bay. Luckily, he'd know the LSO pretty well and had been given a headset and allowed to stay. When he'd donned the headset, his blood ran cold. Sara's voice, normally cool and calm, was frantic. She'd lost one engine completely and another had become unstable. To make matters worse, her on-board computer was malfunctioning, which meant that the controls weren't responding well and she would have to land the shuttle manually. The craft was pitching and yawing erratically and Sara appeared to have little or no control. Bo had spoken calmly, trying to guide and reassure her as her craft veered unsteadily toward the landing bay entrance. Incredibly, she'd gotten the shuttle on the deck in one piece. 

That had been six hours ago. He'd heard that she was alright, but that she was being debriefed and evaluated. Now, as the party in the pilot lounge got rowdier, Sara's friend and roommate, Rita came in and motioned for Bo. He stepped into the hall and asked, "how's she doin'?"

"She's alright," Rita responded, "Once the CAG figured out she was ok, he made her go through a complete post-mortem on the mission. She's pretty fried and still a little shaken up. She was really glad you were helping the LSO. She said it helped to have you there."

"I don't know if I did much," Bo replied, "I'm glad she's ok. Are they making her stay in medical?"

"No, they released her. I told the doc her head was so hard a little bump wasn't going to slow her down," Rita responded, and they both chuckled, "She wants you to come by if you can."

"It's getting late," Bo responded, "Are you sure?"

Rita gave him a look that he couldn't quite interpret and simply said, "I'm sure." She turned on her heel and walked toward the shuttle pilots' lounge, giving him a wave and calling, "Later!"

Bo returned the wave and turned and headed toward the crew quarters. The squadrons bunked in 10 man wards. However, as squadron commanders, both Ben and Sara rated a 2 person stateroom that they shared with their wingman. After several minutes, Bo arrived at Sara's quarters and pressed the buzzer. The intercom beeped, and Bo pressed the button, saying simply, "Hey. It's me." Immediately the latch released. He pulled it open, stepped inside, and pulled it closed behind him. The room was lit only by two small candles and it took a second for his eyes to adjust. Sara rose from her bunk and threw her arms around him. He embraced her, squeezing her tightly, even as he noticed that she was only wearing a tank top and a pair of boxers. 

Sara was a pretty young woman. She was twenty two years old, 5' 5" with curly brown hair that hung to her shoulders and set off her pretty hazel eyes. Her body was firm, and she had incredible curves. Her breasts were big and firm, her belly was flat, and a she had a great ass.

Sara pulled away slightly, looked into his eyes and then kissed him passionately. She and Bo had become lovers several months prior to this cruise and had explored and enjoyed each other many times. However, sex was forbidden on the carrier, so it had been nearly three months. The tension and fatigue of the combat had made it easier to deal with. Most nights, they were simply too tired to think about it. Bo's mind went briefly to the regulations that forbid sex, but Sara's hands were already moving over his jumpsuit as her body pressed against his. He broke the kiss to speak, but she put a finger on his lips and said, "Don't say a word, just fuck me."

Any thoughts of resisting left him as she took his hands and placed them on her butt. He squeezed it gently as she moved against him. Sara stepped back and took the zipper of his jumpsuit, lowering it to his crotch. She pulled his t-shirt out and ran her hands up under it as they continued to kiss. He could feel his deprived cock swelling as she continued to rub against him. Slowly, she pushed him back against the desk and growled, "Take you damn boots off". 

He used the desk chair for balance and quickly complied. As he pulled the second one off, she took the hem of her tank top and pulled it over her head in one quick motion. She stood there with arms over her head for just a minute, her beautiful, full breasts jutting proudly. He smiled appreciatively as he ripped his own t-shirt over his head. Sara put her arms around his neck and pressed herself against him again. He put his hands on her hips and pulled her close, enjoying the sensation of her breasts pressing against his chest. Her kisses were even hungrier now and her hands began pushing his jumpsuit and boxers down over his hips. He stepped back, letting them drop to the floor and stepping out of them. 

Sara kissed him again deeply, turning him and guiding him to her bunk. She motioned for him to sit. As he did, she dropped to her knees and moved between his legs. She took his semi-rigid penis in her hand and slowly began to stroke it as she licked up the inside of his thighs. As she neared his balls, she gently pushed his shaft upward, giving her access to his balls. She began to lick his scrotum, gently teasing his balls with her lips and tongue even as her hand kept up its steady stroke on his now throbbing shaft. Now, her tongue began to swirl up his shaft as her fingers moved over and around his balls, pressing and stroking, and teasing. His breathing was ragged and he ran his hands through her curls as she licked his head and sucked it gently between her lips. As Sara began to deep throat his engorged cock, Bo moaned. He knew that if she kept this up, he wouldn't be able to hold back his cum. The combination of her ministrations and the weeks of no sex were driving him quickly toward orgasm. 

Sara sensed the tension in his cock and pulled back. Bo pulled her up and sat her on his lap as he kissed her deeply. His hands moved over her, one stroking her hair and back as the other kneaded and rubbed on her breasts. The hand on her breasts moved slowly down between her legs and found her pussy through the thin fabric of the boxers. Sara was already warm and wet and she moaned softly as he began to stroke her. Bo nuzzled her neck, licking and sucking. Sara's hand gently pushed his mouth toward her breasts as her hips began to move with his hand. He licked and nuzzled her breasts, teasing the nipples with his tongue. Sara moaned again, pressing her pussy against his hand as Bo suckled on her erect nipples. As her arousal grew hotter, she began to whine and sigh, and her hand found his still rigid cock and began to stroke it again. 

Finally, Sara could stand it no longer, and she stood and shoved the boxers to the floor. Before she could react, Bo grabbed her hips, spun her to face him, and buried his face in her hot pussy. Her back arched and she gasped as his tongue began to stroke her wet sex. He licked steadily, meeting the rhythm of her body with his tongue. She moaned and bucked, and then he lightly began to finger her clit. Sara stiffened, shoving her pussy onto his fingers and tongue. He increased his pace and tempo and it was more than she could stand. She gasped then went completely rigid. Then she took in a deep breath and screamed, "YEahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhyesyesyesyes ohhhhhhhhfuckohfuck yesYES!" 

Bo pulled back and smiled up at Sara. She nearly fell as her knees went weak. She sat on Bo's knee and they kissed for several minutes. Then, Sara stood and straddled Bo. She reached for his head and pulled it back to her chest. He was only too happy to resume licking and suckling her breasts. As he did, she reached between them and began to stroke his cock again. She pulled it up and began to rub the head and shaft on her wet pussy. They both moaned softly at the sweet sensation. Slowly, she worked his penis inside her and began to grind her hips. Sara took Bo's face in her hands and whispered huskily, "I thought I was going to die today. I want to feel alive tonight: completely, fully, alive." Bo wasn't sure he understood, but he nodded and concentrated on his hips meeting hers and the sweet friction it was creating on their sexes. 

"Lie back," Sara growled. Bo complied and, she adjusted, moaning as she slowly impaled herself completely on his erect penis. He began to thrust upward with his hips as she rolled hers, grinding his cock into her. Bo fondled her big tits, gently teasing the nipples. Sara began to moan and rock faster. He met her pace as his hands slid down to her hips. He squeezed her buttocks as they ground together. Her hands went to her breasts and Bo groaned as she began to fondle herself. He was breathing raggedly as their pace steadily increased. Her hot, wet pussy felt incredible on his cock and he knew he couldn't hold out much longer. Sara balanced herself with one hand and began to rub her clit with the other. She moaned and increased their tempo again. Her breathing was shallow and ragged, interspersed with increasing moans and sighs. Bo felt his balls tingle and cum boiling up into his shaft. The time between, his lust for Sara, and the incredible sensations coursing through his groin made it impossible to control his orgasm. 

"Saraaaaaaaaahhhhhhh", he moaned as his penis began to pump his cum into her. His orgasm triggered hers, which had been steadily building. His hands clenched her hips and he thrust as deep and fast as he could as his semen shot into her again and again. Sara bucked and shook and cried out repeatedly. 

"YEAH! Yessssssohhhhhhhhahhhhhhhhhhhh Baby! Baby! Yeeessssssss!!!" Sara screamed as she bucked and thrashed on top of Bo. Her back arched and she struggled to get her breath before screaming again as her body shook and spasmed. 

Bo had never cum so hard or for so long as he was now. It felt so good he didn't want it to end. Slowly, they both came down. Sara was panting as she rolled off of him and lay beside him. He pulled her close and squeezed her. "I love you", he whispered. 

"I love you too", she replied, her words choking into a sob as her emotions tumbled out. He held her, cuddling her as she cried. As the tears faded, he rubbed her back and stroked her hair, lulling her into a deep sleep.