 I sat on the couch typing frantically on my laptop, preparing a document for the project I was working on, wanting to be done with it, so maybe I could get back home early the next day. I heard a knock at the door, and started to ignore it, I couldn't think of anyone who knew me in town, and I was busy, but I needed a break, so I put my laptop down beside me, and stood. Stretching languidly, I walked to the door and looked through the peep hole. Instantly, I was awake and smiling. I went to yank the door open, only to find the chain latch still fastened. He laughed at me as I slammed the door back to unlatch the chain and swing the door back open. 

"Do you always open the door for strange men?"

"No, only you. Besides, I looked first."

"Good girl," he said as he backed me up step by step until my knees hit the edge of the bed.

"What are you doing here?"

"What does it look like I'm doing," he asked as he ran his hands from my hips under my shirt to my waist. He threw me backwards onto the bed and followed me there, pinning me with his body.

"No, why are you here? What are you doing here, instead of home? Why... aaaahhh, oh, wow."

"That's what I wanted to hear." He skimmed his hands up my sides, pulling my shirt up and over my head. I'd already dressed for bed or comfort while I worked, so I had no bra on underneath. He dipped his head and flicked his tongue quickly across my nipple until my back arched off of the bed. My fingers tangled in his hair as I tried to pull him closer to me. Moving back down my body, he pulled my yoga pants off and ran his fingers lightly down my legs 'till he got to my feet. He massaged my feet, kneading first one foot, then another. He kissed the bottom of my foot, and then lightly bit the side of my foot. I writhed on the bed, wanting more, more than the teasing bites, the teasing kisses. 

"Enough!"

"What?"

"Enough, that's enough, get over here and fuck me."

"Not yet, I'm having too much fun." He slowly ran his fingers back up my legs as I lay there completely naked while he was completely dressed. I pulled his shirt from his jeans trying to pull it off as quickly as he had stripped me. "You want this off?" 

"Yes please, all of it, please, now."

"Alright," he said as he quickly kicked his jeans off and then he came back to me, kissing my stomach then back up to my nipples where he set about torturing me again. Just as I thought I could take no more, he pushed my legs farther apart and pushed his dick inside of me, stretching me, filling me. I screamed as the orgasm wracked my body. 

Just as quickly as he had entered me, he pulled back out of me. He moved closer to me, "You made a mess, you should clean it up." 

"Really? I should?" I smiled as I moved towards him, licking my lips as I wrapped my hand around his dick. I opened my mouth and as I tasted him, I tasted myself on him. I sighed, enjoying the taste of me on him. I moved back and smiled up at him, only to have him push me back to the bed.

"That's enough," he said, hoarsely. 

"Mmmm, is it? Get you all hot and bothered?"

"You want to know what gets me hot, what really gets me hot?"

"Yes, please, you know I do."

He pushed back into me, my pussy tightened around him, squeezing him, welcoming the intrusion. "This," he whispered in my ear, "you, underneath me." The words alone had me falling into a million pieces, screaming my release. 

"Oh, oh wow," I sighed.

He moved me again, before I even had a chance to catch my breath, he was laying beneath me, and I couldn't find the strength to sit upright yet, I leaned over him, feeling his warm skin beneath me. "Is that all?" I asked.

"What else do you want?"

"More. I want more," I smiled as I sat up and began riding him. Harder, pushing him farther into me, pushing my clit down against his body as I pushed myself closer and closer to climax. I ran my hands up my body to tangle in my own hair as I rode him, smiling with the knowledge that in some small way, I made him as hot as he'd made me. Just as I was reaching the peak, just as I began to cum, I felt his hips move forward against mine, he grabbed my hips and pushed into me. He met me pulse for pulse as he came hard inside of me. 

Weak again, I collapsed onto his chest for a moment, then rolled off of him to the bed beside him. "Well, whatever you're doing here, I sure am glad you came."

"Well, you look like you've got a lot of work to do, maybe I should leave you to it."

"If you move right now, I'll be seriously pissed off."

He laughed as he moved beside my hopelessly exhausted, satisfied body. I felt him smile as I sighed, softly, "WOW"