 You pick me up from the hotel for our first date. I still cannot believe I flew up and am here. You look good but you cannot take you eyes off me. I am wearing a low cut top and a short skirt. I must admit, I look hot. You take me to a nice restaurant. We laugh and talk like old friends. I excuse myself and go to the restroom. I come back and hand you something. You groan and sharply inhale when you see I have given you my thong. You know I just took it off cause it is warm and moist. You look at me and I smile wickedly and wink. We continue to eat and I take my foot up your leg and to your crotch. I squirm a little when I realize you are hard. You grab my foot and massage – just to keep me from massaging you. The check comes and you get me out of there. You make me walk in front to hide the fact that your slacks are tented. I just laugh and give you a seductive look over my shoulder. 

As you open the door of the car for me, you passionately kiss me. Then suddenly step back and let me get in. I am dazed but not enough to not give you a flash of my shaven pussy as I get in. You groan and lean on the car for a minute after you shut the door. You get in and call me a tease but the look in your eyes says you are about to up the ante and do some major teasing of your own. You reach into the glove box and hand me a gift. You tell me that you were going to save it for later but you want me to have it now. I open and see your gift. I grin but I am a little worried. I have never used Ben Wah balls before. You see my trepidation even through my excitement. You reassure me that you do not expect me to use them. That does it for me, I grin, turn in the seat and face you. I lift the skirt, spread my legs and slowly insert them. I giggle and ask if I am doing it right. You just nod and watch me. Since I have your undivided attention, I decide to play with myself a little. You tell me stop, please. 

We go to an intimate little dance place. You hold me close, we talk, we laugh, but the entire time you are making me move in ways to make sure that the balls get maximum contact. I start to shiver from the thrills going through my body. I lean on you and start to kiss you. You turn us so that your back is to the place. You reach under my skirt and start to caress my ass. You start to tell me all that you are going to do to me when we get back. I wiggle, moan, and groan. I am so out of it with lust. I want you now but you lead me back to the table to take a breather. I reach over and caress you through your pants. We are in a booth in the back corner and no one is around. I unzip you and take you in hand. I look at you to make sure it is okay and you just nod. I play with your balls and rub your cock, making sure I hit that sensitive spot on the head. I tell you to just relax and let me take the edge off. Then I tell you that I already came while on the dance floor so I feel bad for not letting you cum. You look at me and I grin. I can be very quiet when need be.

I jerk you off and use the napkins to keep from making a mess. I do make sure that I get some on my fingers so that I can taste you. You kiss me and tell me to give you a few to recover and then we will leave. I tell you that I want to dance. A fast song comes on so I leave you at the table and go to dance by myself. I make sure that you watch every move. It drives me nuts since I have to do it all while making sure the balls do not fall out. You come and finish the dance with me and take me to the car. We kiss and grope before getting in the car. You tell me that you had the hardest time keeping your hands off my clit all night and you can’t wait any longer. You have been smelling my arousal and you want to taste. I reach down and coat my fingers with my juices. I suck them off and then lean in to kiss you. Then I do it again and this time let you lick my fingers clean.

We get to the hotel, course I was begging for anywhere, but you wanted a bed or at least more room. We get in the elevator and it is empty. You reach under my skirt and finger me, making sure to tease me and to push the balls around inside of me. The elevator stops but it is not my floor. Luckily no one gets on, so we continue to my floor. We get in the room and I throw you up against the door, kissing you frantically. I am so turned on. I want you in me now but you make me wait. I pout and walk into the room. I start to undress but you tell me stop. You want to strip me. I am not sure I can take it anymore, I want you so bad, but I agree, after all this is your night too.

You caress me while you take off my clothes. You lay me on the bed and kiss me everywhere. You learn the right pressure to use on my nipples to make me scream. You find that spot on my neck that makes me go wild. You whisper what all you want to do to me and want me to do with you. I am almost completely gone. At this point I would agree to anything just assuage the hunger pounding through my body. You kiss your way down but instead of stopping at my clit, you roll me over. You kiss your way around my back. You are teasing me now and if I had the strength, I would toss you over and take over but I will save that for later. I so will get you back for this.

You finally take your clothes off and lay on top of me. The feel of our bodies contacting for the first time makes us both moan. You roll me over, kiss me tenderly, and see the tears in my eyes. You ask me what is wrong and all I can do is shake my head. I am shaking from head to toe and the waiting and wanting is getting to be too much. You understand the feeling and quickly remove the balls from me. I almost knock you off the bed with the extreme pleasure that shot through me. You calm me back down by softly kissing my clit and licking my lips but finally, you are at the point I am. You have so much precum it looks like you have already come. I take you in hand, rub the precum around and guide you to me. You start to slowly enter me but I wrap my legs around you and pull you into me at the same time I raise my hips. I take you all in with one movement – I am so wet there is not trouble what so ever. I cum almost immediately. But I still need more. You are at your breaking point. You fuck me hard and fast and I cum again. I trigger yours and you go over the edge. We are both sweaty, tired, but satisfied. Well, at least the edge has been taken off. I am sure that after our bath in the Jacuzzi tub we will be ready for more, all night long and all weekend long. Hope you are not planning on leaving my hotel room while I am here. I have plans for you.