 He paused to catch his breath, wipe the sweat from his forehead once again and to watch her shapely lowers legs stride out in front of him. With each step he saw the tensing of her calf muscles describing a perfect definition. She walked confidently and quickly, matching his pace up the mountain path with ease. He took comfort from the fact that she was younger than him and not carrying the same sort of weight in her pack.

The sun had steadily taken hold through the day and by mid-afternoon it was strong and hot. The breeze had subsided to an occasional gust and temperatures were rising. They were now half way into the corrie and for the first time today he allowed himself an indulgent moment of reflection.

4 years it had taken him to get her here. 4 years! How had he missed the signs? He normally prided himself on his perception and intuition in relationships but he'd misread this one from the start. Sure, both of them had been in other relationships when they'd first started working together but neither was strong and flirtation was immediate. She was gorgeous and maybe this had been his downfall. Why would she look twice at someone like him? All his male colleagues fancied her and she was the favourite topic of male conversation both inside and outside of the staffroom. If only she knew what a stir she could cause on a daily basis with her choice of dresses, skirts and tops. 

2 years ago she made a real effort to sit next to him at a Christmas do and he'd still missed it. He'd chatted with her all evening, shared meaningful looks, comments and confidences and he'd been single at the time! He should have made a move then but didn't because he failed to spot her interest in him, which was as plain to him now as the looming mountains around them. 

6 weeks ago he'd kissed her on a staff trip. It had taken a fair bit of alcohol and some sickly colleagues to leave them alone but as soon as the lights were out and they were close enough together the unavoidable attraction took hold. In fact he'd done more than kiss her but the amateurish and rushed groping had simply shown him how badly he wanted her. How badly he needed her.

"What's up? Too old to keep up?" 10 metres ahead she had stopped, realising she was alone she had turned to laugh at him. Her soft smile made him ache inside and her pert round breasts pushed hard against her tight fitting base layer, accentuated by her rucksack straps. He strode forward to plant a firm kiss on her gentle lips. Moments like this were still rare and slightly awkward. They had been able to spend so little quality time together recently and had communicated more via the internet than face to face. Even here there had been excitement but he had been determined to take her somewhere private, special and theirs.

With their mutual love of the outdoors the location had been an easy decision for him. The Scottish Highlands were his other passion and love. Ever since his first visit he had returned regularly, often to share their beauty with someone who could wonder with him. Few did but she had been awed from the moment they'd arrived and he loved her for that too. He could chunter on about this environment for hours and she would listen intently. Now they were experiencing it together and the outside world was falling behind them with each step into the hills. 

The track petered out at some concrete construction built to divert the burn for hydro-electric power. From here they crossed the stream and followed a much less distinct path higher into the corrie. They had seen no one since leaving the road 3 hours ago and there was little prospect of meeting anyone now. The path led only to the lochan in the corrie or as a route of retreat from the ridge high above. Once again, he let her walk in front. It gave a really nice view of her round arse in her tight, three-quarter length walking trousers. So far he'd only imagined what it would feel like to grab it.

A pair of enormous dragon flies chased each other up and down the path in front of them the victor eventually settling on some heather by the edge of a peat hag. Immediately she unslung her sack and removed an impressive digital SLR. Without disturbing the green insect she took half a dozen shots before it returned to its aerial patrol. They didn't speak about it. They simply exchanged smiles and another kiss before moving forward once more.

They continued to climb northwards, deeper into the corrie, with the walls rising higher around them. The sun continued to pour down its heat and the world continued to retreat from this place, leaving the walkers with each other. The only noise now came from the burn to their left which descended from the lochan in an energetic fashion. It chattered and gushed as it washed the granite boulders on its way down the mountain and more photographs were taken.

Eventually, the path levelled off and joined the source of the burn at the lochan. Here there was a small patch of level grass, cropped close by the deer and a short stretch of sandy shoreline. They immediately off-loaded their packs and stretched. They took in the view, the peace and the possibilities. Within 10 minutes he had pitched the tent and produced a bottle of champagne from his rucksack.

"You carried that thing all the way up here?"

"It's a special place and deserves a special toast," he beamed. "Don't touch it yet, there's something else it needs."

With that, he disappeared back down the path by which they had come, but quickly left it and started rummaging around by the side of the burn. She had no idea what he was up to but decided to sit down on a convenient rock and await developments. Overhead a pair of ravens swept off the ridge, whirling and swooping together. With several calls of 'Pruuuk, pruuuk,' they spiralled on a thermal, dancing together in an aerial display of perfect symmetry. They were still wheeling over the lochan when he returned and disappeared into the tent only to re-emerge almost immediately with 2 plastic champagne flutes.

"I hope you've moved the kitchen sink out of the way, we've got to sleep in there later."

He laughed and presented her with a flute of champagne complete with blaeberries. He'd spotted them ripening by the burn on the way up and checked a few to see if they were ready. They gave the champagne a wonderful colour and fruity flavour and he was really quite pleased with the idea. She gratefully accepted and both flutes were drained quickly after the long walk in. A second went the same way and the world withdrew still further.

"Right! I need a wash. I smell after carrying that bottle all the way up here." Back into the tent and out this time with a bottle of shower gel he strode down the shore. Again, she watched with interest as he surprised her once more, this time by stripping naked and wading into the lochan. He knew it was going to be freezing but he still yelped with cold and stopped short of going all the way in first time. He resorted to soaping himself down to try and keep warm in the icy water.

"You know, you stink as well! Obviously in a very sexy way, but you smell nonetheless!"

It was a challenge she had to accept and so without thinking too much about it she also walked to the shore but stopped short of full naked. The bra and pants stayed on as she slipped into the water. 

"Come on, we can both smell of Johnson's Baby Wash." He eagerly took the opportunity to soap her down too, putting his hands all over her body which was almost paralysed by the cold. She washed her own hair but as she did so he undid her bra and slowly washed her breasts. Her nipples were already hard and sensitive and his gentle touch was almost too much with the cold water. They hugged each other and bobbed below the surface to wash away the soap. He took her hand and led her through the water to a large rock just a few metres away which sat proud of the sandy bay. He manoeuvred her round to face him and kissed her passionately for the first time since they'd left home. She was still reeling from the kiss when he lifted her from the water straight onto the warm rock.

"Wait there." Once again he slipped away, this time swimming through the water the short distance to the shore to retrieve a fleece blanket from the tent. He returned, wading through the water to lay it over the rock behind her. Without saying a word he eased her gently back onto the blanket to bask in the late afternoon sun. Already the shivering was subsiding and when he removed her knickers she just lay there, now fully naked as if it was the most natural thing in the world. Earlier that day they had been at home, in the city, surrounded by people, noise and the world. Now she was lying naked on rock in the wilderness in her own private Eden.

He was still waste deep in the water and she heard it lap against the rock as he moved closer and lifted her legs onto his broad shoulders. From her position she could see the sky with a few clouds drifting aimlessly across it and just the top of the ridge, high above the corrie. Somewhere, far off, she occasionally heard the raven's call but her concentration was on his gently kisses on the inside of both her thighs. His hands stroked the tops of her legs, up to her hips as his kisses climbed ever closer to her expectant pussy. 

At first he simply nuzzled her gently with his nose, applying a small amount of pressure, teasing her. However, he knew he couldn't hold out for long and her quiet moans suggested he wasn't the only one. Slowly, but deliberately, he licked the outside a few times before probing deeper with his tongue and parting her lips to flick his tongue over her clitoris. This was all it took for her to start pushing back and trying to grind herself into his face. He took her hips more firmly in his hands to control her better and tease her more intensely. His tongue moved faster, both inside and out, working her pussy until she could stand it no longer. He could sense the tension in her body so he let her push harder into his face, working his tongue over her clit until she came noisily and with total release. 

The squeal and the shudder surprised him. He was used to girls who were more reserved in their ecstasy but he had to admit this excited him. He needed to get out of the chilling water so he climbed up on to the rock next to her and got her to sit astride him, with her legs wrapped around his back. With his wet thighs he was able to pull her onto his hard shaft easily and she gasped with the force of the first penetration, even being as wet as she was after his earlier attentions. With his hands firmly clasped on her luscious arse he slid her back and forth slowly. Her backside really was as juicy as it had appeared when he'd admired it on the walk in and he couldn't resist giving it the occasional slap. To his ever increasing excitement this elicited even more squeals of pleasure and it was clear he would be able to bring her to orgasm once more.

As the moisture decreased on his thighs he increasingly held her closer to him and ground his pubic bone into her mound instead. Directly in front of him her perfect breasts bobbed tantalisingly. They weren't huge but they were ample and full; beautifully rounded and tear drop shaped with pert nipples, facing slightly upward, begging to be kissed. He did so. Sucking each one into his mouth as he continued to grind and feel the tension build within her once more. He took her right breast in his left hand and began to massage it round and round whilst his stronger right hand slapped and spanked her left buttock until it was pink and flushed. As best she could from her position she forced herself down onto his rigid prick and once more came with a shudder and a cry. This was more than she had ever expected and more than she had thought herself capable of. She was moving into uncharted territory and she was loving every second.

"Come on. I want you somewhere a little more comfortable." She smiled and followed him as he slid off the rock and waded back towards the shore carrying the blanket. The water was numbingly cold and he figured they needed some warmth now. The inside of the tent had been heated by the sun and he quickly made a soft bed out of the fleece and sleeping bags. He pulled her in beside him and eased her gently backwards. The tent material cast an unusual colour on her fair skin, now bright pink from the icy touch of the lochan. He took a moment to drink in the view. Her eyes looked up at him smiling. What was it about her that made him ache so much it hurt? He desperately wanted her but couldn't satisfy the longing desire simply by admiring her beauty. 

Aware that he was staring at her she blushed but eased herself onto her side and reached out to tentatively take hold of his cock. This was something she had never done before but all sorts of confidences were awakening in her in this place. They had shared a joke about snake charming in an email and he was glad of a soft warm touch after the cold of the water. He smiled encouragement to her and softly stroked her breasts as she explored her new toy. 

She was fascinated by the fact that his cock was so much bigger than she had been used to. Her experience was not vast but, for the first time she was interested in touching it. She knew how to stroke it and his encouragements gave her more confidence to grip it firmly and stroke it back and forth with her small hands. He was enjoying playing with her tits, cupping them in his hands as she lay there wanking his cock and occasionally tweaking a nipple and squeezing. 

He carefully slid his hand down her belly and slipped a finger between her legs. She was still moist and he easily slipped inside her wet pussy, making her squirm and gasp. She didn't stop working his shaft so he began to finger fuck her pussy. Moving between her clitoris and then up inside her wet pussy he learnt just where she most needed pressure and quickly got to work with 2 fingers. She continued to hold his cock but as her excitement grew she found it harder to keep the rhythm, concentrating instead on her own orgasm which came as a series of waves as she screwed herself into his fingers.

He rolled her over onto her front and began to massage her buttock cheeks. She stretched out and rested her head on her arms. She opened her legs inviting in to move between and it was an invitation he couldn't resist. Manoeuvring himself between her legs he easily slid in from behind and began to slowly pump her pussy. She was now so wet he could slide right out and up between her buttocks. He didn't push this but the threat made the air in the tent tingle and each time she slid back into her pussy she would gasp. This was now really intense and in this, her favourite position, she reached down with her right hand to play with her own clitoris as he fucked her from behind. 

She was getting close again, he could tell from the ever increasing squeels of pleasure. She could scream here with complete abandon but before she reached her climax this time he lifted her up onto all fours and banged her harder, slapping her arse as he did so. She yelped but knew this would work for her just as well. She carried on with her own fingers as his right hand slipped beneath her and slapped into her swinging tits as he rocked her back and forth. The shagging became more and more physical as she worked her own pussy and slammed her arse back into him, his balls slapping her each time. He was alternately slapping her backside and less aggressively her tits as he pumped harder and harder. The orgasm came with a wild scream and she collapsed on the sleeping bags beneath him.

He had barely been able to hold back himself through this last episode and the chance to move gave him the breather he needed to regain his control. This time he lay back himself and motioned for her to climb on top. For him, this was the best way to enjoy her. He could marvel at her beauty, kissing her face and stroking her soft blonde hair. He could watch and play with her breasts as they bounced and moved in front of him and he could slap and grab her luscious round arse. At this stage he had no idea how much she would love to ride him in this position, bouncing around enthusiastically on his stiff pole and grinding her mound into him. 

To begin with they just kissed and recovered from their previous exertions. He stroked her hair out of her flushed face and they shared a long meaningful smile. Outside the burn babbled and the breeze blew but nothing disturbed their world as they immersed themselves in each other once more. He took hold of her round right breast in both hands and kissed it gently, working his tongue around the outside of her nipple. She responded by sliding forward and back a little harder on his cock and so he went to work on both tits, more than a handful each, he squeezed and massaged each in turn, sucking and teasing the nipples between his teeth. As her tempo increased he held each one more firmly and helped her to rock back and forth.

Her whimpers of pleasure were a huge turn on and he knew he wouldn't be able to hold on long in this position with her in full view on top of him. It was such a wonderful sight, her luscious tits bouncing in front of his eyes as she rode him harder and wilder. He slapped her arse and she became wilder still. He had to reach up and clutch her shoulders to keep in on top of his shaft as she fucked him without a care in the world. Only the ravens were there to hear her screams as she came loudly and explosively. He continued to thrust now grabbing her arse tighter and pulling her down onto him until he too had come with an enormous shudder and loud groans. They collapsed side by side, panting and breathless.

The sun had now dipped below the ridge and the corrie had fallen suddenly into shadow. They came out of the tent and stood in the evening light to survey their perfect world. The water flowed and the breeze dropped. Nothing was going to disturb the tranquillity of their first night together. It was time to eat and cuddle beneath the mountains. Tomorrow was a million miles away.