 I pull in the driveway and see you sitting in your van. Engine's off. You're in the back seat. Odd place for you to be. I get out of my car, close the door and come over to your window. It's tinted and I can only see your silhouette. I'd know it anywhere - definitely you. 

I hear the doors unlock. You just have the remote back there with you. I take that as an invitation and open the door to see what's going on.

You're sitting up against the side of the seat with one leg over the arm rest and the other off to the side. You're naked and playing with your egg. What an incredible sight. You weren't kidding when you said you were ready for your outdoor fantasy.

I climb in the van and pull the door shut behind me. I fall to my knees as I approach you.

I kiss your lips passionately, our tongues dancing to some music only they hear. I crave you. The can smells like sex and it's driving me wild. You never stop with your egg. It sends tiny electric shocks through your system and you can't get enough.

You pull back and break from our kiss. "Give me your cock," you say. I love when you make demands in our sex life. Such a turn-on. 

I pull down my pants and your hands are busy - one holds the egg and the other has started finger fucking. I know what you want. I bring my cock to your lips. Your tongue glides up and down my shaft before you take me in your mouth. You're hungry for me and it shows.

The excitement of it all - being outside where anyone could walk by, the constant buzzing, pulsing and throbbing on your clit and my cock in your mouth are just too much. You feel it building. You know today's going to be a day of several orgasms so you give in.

You release me from your mouth to let out a throaty, scratchy wail... And another... And another... and another...

You're panting. Your hands are soaking from having squirted all over them. You're not finished with me. You still want my cock.

With your well lubricated hands, you crab my cock and take it in your mouth. You give me the best handjob I've ever felt - which is saying something, as you continue to break your own records there - and you're a driven woman. I look down to see your sexy and sweaty tits jiggling. Your pussy is drenched and glistening. I am in heaven.

You stop.

You unlock the doors and tell me this was only round one, then tell me we're moving to the patio.

My pants are around my ankles and you wear nothing, but we quickly move from your van to the patio. It's somewhat concealed but outside, nonetheless. You have blown up an air mattress for us and set it up for when we're ready. You think of everything.

You tell me to lie down. I do, my cock pointing up like a sundial. You waste no time in mounting me.

You glide down my shaft and put your finger up to your lips, reminding me to be very quiet. We don't necessarily want to attract a crowd, or at least the wrong crowd. :-)

You lean forward slightly, slowly letting me pull out 99% of the way and slam back into me so that I pound back into you. You crave me and I am loving every minute.

Pound, pound, pound. Try as we might to be relatively quiet, we both groan, grunt and pant. The sex is just too good. Your sweaty tits are hanging right over my face and I lean up, extending my tongue. I circle a nipple. I flick the other. My hands are roaming all over your body and you lose sight everything, feeling only the intense pleasure between us.

It's building...

My hands on your back, I pull you down just a little and keep you in that position. My cock is pressing - throbbing - right into your g-spot. We keep at it and you feel the ache building. You need to cum again and you can feel it all through your core.

You want to be quiet and you want to scream for all the neighbors to hear about our fantastic sex life. Tales will be told and legends will be said, you imagine, from the imaginations of several who will hear you scream with such ecstasy. It turns you on all the more.

You let out a throaty scream of passion, and another, and another as orgasm rips through you.

Panting and then some deep breaths, you're coming back to reality.

You climb off of me and help pull me up. Naked, we scamper to the garage door and open it to go inside.

Before you can ask what I want to do, I grab you and pull you closely to me. My cock sits between us, feeling your fur. I hold your face with both hands for deep, passionate and meaningful kisses. Whereas we had a moment of such kissing in the van, we have time for more now. I need you. I crave you. You feel it in every move of my lips, every motion of my tongue along the contours of your own tongue.

I am torn with momentary indecision. Do I want you in the shower? A slow and seductive round of love making on the bed? A quick and intense fuck on the kitchen table? 

You opted for the public sex fantasy; I'll follow suit.

I turn and tell you to get on the table. You don't hesitate. Before I'm back inside you, I must taste you. I walk around to the window and sit down. I want you to face the window. I sit down for my snack.

I pull your hips toward me and you're sitting up a bit, resting o your elbows but leaning back. I slowly run the length of my tongue up and down each of your lips. Your skin is hot and sweaty. I can still feel and taste your juices from having squirt and cum. I plant small kisses on your clit. I'll be back in a moment there. First, I extend my tongue and dart in and out, tongue fucking you like there's no tomorrow. You squirm and moan, loving every second. You see a couple people walking up the path but are too far gone to give much thought to whether they're even able to see you. You pull a hand up and massage your breasts. The palm of your hand glides over them back and forth and then you pull an aching nipple for some sexual relief.

I move to your clit and you let out a moan of pleasure. I insert a finger in your pussy and find your g-spot waiting for me. My friend. I stroke it as I have learned to do so well, knowing it brings you intense pleasure. You can't take much more. The first two were in fairly quick succession and not much time has elapsed for much cool down; it's coming and you feel like it will rip you in half. You welcome the intense pleasure and it hits you like a ton of bricks. You scream, moan and pant, grabbing the back of my head and pulling me closer if it's even possible.

You fall back, spread across the table as a sweaty, sexy woman of beauty. 

I pull your legs up and hold them as I slide into you. I need you intensely, quickly and right now. With every thrust, I watch your breasts jiggle and it's an incredible turn-on. I love you, my beautiful, sexy, sweaty partner. This day will live on in my memory forever and serve as incredible inspiration whenever I find myself without you and need to get off. You reach down to stroke your clit with one hand while rubbing a breast with the other and it sends me over the edge. I cum with my own scratchy, throaty scream... and cum, and cum and cum.