 I knew I was working too much that summer, but a divorce and taking over a mortgage alone kept me busy. Memorial Day became the Fourth of July, and what social life I had was spent at a little restaurant in my town.

Tammy waited tables there, the proverbial cute girl between semesters. She was smart, a bit lanky, almost coltish in the skirts they made her wear that teased without revealing.

If I ate at a table, she would serve me. If I ate at the bar, we talked as she got drinks for her tables.

I liked her thin lipped smiles, the tight frame of her body, and the way she brushed wisps of hair over her earlobes.

I found myself waking in the middle of the night and seeing her. It was easy enough to think about her as I jerked off, but even as we flirted more, it was hard to imagine actually bringing her home.

Like everything else in our town, the restaurant closed early. One Saturday night in early August, I was headed for the door as she was untying her apron.

"Another exciting night done," I said.

"Oh no, the night is still young. It's just around here there ain't a damn thing to do with it," Tammy answered.

"Well, maybe we should do nothing together," I said. "Come up and have a drink when you are done here."

I expected her to say no. I expected to hear about a boyfriend, a party, anything but something at my house as what she wanted to do.

"You live right up the road, don't you?"

"Yeah, I got a nice bottle of pinot noir we could open."

"Sounds like a plan. I have to get cashed out here, though. Give me a few minutes."

"No problem. I'm young enough to stay up late," I said before almost sprinting tot the parking lot for my car.

It was not long after I got home that I heard her Saab pulling into my driveway. I'll admit I was a bit jittery, why someone at least 15 years younger than me had agreed to stop by still seemed a mystery.

I opened the wine as I heard her footsteps crunching the gravel in the driveway. She was still in her work uniform – the half-thigh black skirt, white blouse, her brown hair still pulled back in a scrunchy.

"You look like you need an after work drink," I said as I opened the door for her.

"Oh yeah, I could go for that," she said, looking around at my house.

"Well," I said, grabbing the bottle and two glasses, "let's not waste the night in here. Grab that blanket there."

Tammy picked up the quilt sitting on the couch and followed me outside. We walked down a small hill under a moon-splashed sky while a soft breeze teased us.

"Set that down there," I said as I put the wine and glasses on a flat spot on the lawn.

"I think you have done this before," Tammy said as she spread out the blanket. She knelt down as I handed her a glass of pinot noir.

"Maybe once or twice," I said as I sat next to her. "I like to enjoy the evenings here."

We clinked glasses and Tammy straightened out to sit next to me, her bare lower thigh within reach of my left hand. I already had the urge to tease her skin with my fingertips, but drank my wine slowly instead.

"I hope I don't smell like the kitchen," Tammy said as I poured her second glass.

I leaned in closer to her neck and sniffed. 

"Mmmmm, prime rib," I said. With my lips so close, I could not resist a small kiss on her soft skin.

"I said smell, not taste," Tammy said with a giggle. But she did not pull away, and sighed as I kissed and traced my tongue over her skin.

We were both holding our wineglasses as Tammy turned her head to kiss me. It began with a slow, nibbling kiss that increased to our tongues touching. Tammy broke the kiss and set her wine glass on the lawn before taking mine and setting it next to it.

As she leaned over, her cotton blouse pulled up, exposing the small of her back. I caressed it until she turned back to me. 

Our makeout session must have lasted 10 minutes, sitting on the blanket French kissing as I told myself to take it slow. Finally I held her a-cup sized breast with my left hand, feeling it sculpted into my palm. 

Her nipple perked to attention at the touch of my thumb, and as I felt her up, I kissed Tammy's neck. Then I reached down and tugged her blouse up. With a shrug, she raised her arms as I pulled, and popped the clasp on her bra as I tossed the shirt aside. 

She was turned to me fully now, kneeling as I pressed at her breasts.

"Wait a minute, fair is fair," she said, taking off my polo shirt. I tossed over her blouse and pulled Tammy close again. She gave me a gentle shove, then pressed over top of me as I lay back on the blanket.

Our kisses were almost all tongue now, and slowly but surely I pushed Tammy on to her side, then her back. I kissed her nipples as they pointed up, almost sharp on the tip of my tongue.

They seemed hugely sensitive, Tammy pressed my head to them as I sucked and flipped my tongue over them. As I teased them, I ran my fingers over her thigh, moving closer to the hem of her skirt.

She shifted her legs, opening them more as I reached under her denim skirt while moving my kisses back to her mouth.

Her panties were damp to the touch, I could feel a small mass of hair, lightly springy. As I pushed her panties to one side, Tammy began rubbing my stiff cock through my slacks.

"Fair is fair," I said as she grasped me and my finger began to probe her.

"Why don't we just get naked now?" she asked.

"Good question," I said. I pulled my hand from her panties, licking the finger that had tested her tight pussy. Then I stood up, unbuckling my belt. As I tugged it through the loops, Tammy unzipped me.

She was standing now, and guided my pants down to my knees as I unzipped her skirt. I shook the pants to my ankles and stepped away from them as her skirt dropped to the blanket.

Standing in the field, we kissed again, I pulled her close as she ran her fingers over the bulge in my boxers.

I held her hips, feeling the lacey green panties cut high on her hips, then reached around to cup her ass. In the midst of a long French kiss, she pulled my cock through the slit in my shorts, and stroked against the silkiness of her panties.

I moaned at the sensation, my cock head rooting at her wet warmth as she stroked the shaft.

I moved my lips to Tammy's neck, then down over her shoulders, stopping again to suck at her nipples. Dropping to my knees, I kissed her stomach, the tip of my tongue moving over her skin as I teased her pussy through her panties.

Both her hands were on the back of my head now, and her hips bucked slightly as I tongued her navel. I licked down her stomach to the lace of her panties and gripped them with my teeth.

I had never tried to pull anyone's panties off with my mouth, and I only got them about a quarter of the way over her hips before she let go of my head and pushed them down. As I let go of them, I blew air over her pink pussy lips and the gentle tangle of light brown hair surrounding them.

"You need to be naked too," she said, pushing me back by my shoulders and looking down at me.

Dropping to her knees, she tugged at my boxers, barely waiting for me to pull my hips up. She yanked them from my knees to ankles, then tossed them on the lawn.

"Give me a number between 1 and 100," Tammy said as she slowly stroked the base of my cock.

"Ummm, 69," I said, feeling the warmth of her slender fingers and reaching for her apple-shaped breasts.

"Good job. You win," Tammy said, spinning around on the blanket and straddling my face.

Even before I leaned up, I could smell her pussy, musky and warm. Our tongues found each other at the same time as she treated the head of my cock lice an ice cream cone and I tickled her pussy lips.

I'm not always a fan of 69, something about having my dick sucked distracts me from properly licking and eating pussy, but Tammy and I found a rhythm, letting each other lick and suck a bit before the other took over. Then her lips slipped over about a third of my seven-inch rod and I slurped at her soaking pussy.

Her light brown muff danced over my chin as it felt like her whole body was bobbing up and down. I clamped her ass cheeks with my hands, she was slender but nicely rounded there and began bucking over my mouth.

Each time she dropped her mouth over my cock, she got closer to the base. But her movements were calm, she took me in balanced on one hand while the other caressed my dick or cupped my balls.

I stopped sucking her pussy lips and slipped one finger, then two into her tight soppy pussy, probing inside her while rubbing her clit.

"More baby, oh god yes suck it," I found myself moaning. My cum was surging, a steady feel of joy pulsing and pushing toward her mouth.

I pulled my fingers from her pussy and traced her clit with my fingertips. She was parted enough that the tip of my tongue moved inside her.

That's when her humming began, the vibrations tingling over my dick as she sucked from just below the head to where she jerked the base with two fingers and her thumb.

I don't know whose orgasm started first, but as I felt the first heaven spurt from my molten cock, Tammy bucked and her pussy spasmed. She collapsed over me as my dick erupted deep in her mouth.

Then she let it go, tugging it as she howled a string of gibberish into the night air, low then high pitched as her juices soaked my chin, my cheeks, even my nose. As she came, she tugged my rod, the cum landing all over our chests.

The night got quiet as the last of my cum seeped over her thumb and fingers. Suddenly, we were sweaty, I felt beads of it as I rubbed her back while she lay with her head near my cock.

Tammy kissed my dick once more, then rolled over. She spun around again, nuzzling in next to my shoulder as I wrapped my arm around her. My dick flexed in the night air, even as the afterglow overtook us, I was thinking about fucking her tight hole...