 She came over and sat down beside me. She was quite a bit closer than I'd expected. It unusual to have someone in this secluded area. Why would anyone join me this far back under the trees?

Glancing over, it dawned on me how pretty she was. Mid-twenties, brunette, pleasing figure, and a wonderful smell...why would she choose my bench? 

Yes, my posture suddenly became straighter. I couldn't help it; her loose shirt called to me and I needed the extra inch for a better vantage point. Score! No bra! 

She shifted her head before I could see a nipple, raising her face with a mischievous smile and asked if I would be kind enough to quench her thirst. 

It was as if I was enslaved by her blue eyes and my brain had stopped functioning. I nodded, dumbfounded. She reach over and plucked the drink from my hand. 

My eyes never moved from her lips as she sucked on the straw. I'll admit my imagination was running wild and I was feeling something begin to stir in my pants. 

She handed my drink back, but I fumbled the exchange and water spilled onto my shirt and jeans. Or, did she spill it...on purpose? 

Quickly, she apologized and began wiping water from me with her hands. She moved and knelt in front of me. Leaning in, I had a quick glance down her shirt and saw the two most beautiful and pert breasts that exist.

This view and her hands brushing the water from my crotch...my cock was no longer stirring, rather it was springing to life! 

"Oh, my!" She exclaimed, "Look what I've done. Quick," as she unzipped my pants and began tugging them down, "we can't let it drown!" 

I lifted my hips and helped her pull my pants and underwear down. 

My cock sprang free and nearly slapped her in the face. She giggled, wrapped a hand around it, and looked up into my eyes. Once again, her playful smile appeared, this time accompanied by a mirthful twinkle in her eyes. 

"I think it needs mouth-to-dick resuscitation," she said, seductively. 

With that, I grew another inch!

Not waiting for an answer, she popped the head into her mouth and began sucking and licking voraciously. While her left hand stroked my cock, she masterfully used her right to play with my balls. Stretching, fondling, petting, sucking, licking - she played my cock expertly and I was close to cumming in a hurry! I assume the possibility someone could discover us added to my excitement.

A firm tug and squeeze on my nuts brought me back to my senses and dampened my desire.

"Shhhh! We might not want to attract attention. Who knows if we're alone!" Until she spoke, I didn't realize I was moaning rather loudly.

She stood up, put a hand on my chest, and pushed me until I laid down on the bench. Off came her shirt in one sweeping motion, dramatically being tossed to the ground. Pretty, aggressive, and self-confident - what a sexy combination!

Legs straight, she bent over me with her boobs swaying. With her hand controlling my cock again, she practically impaled her mouth on it. 

The feeling of her warm mouth engulfing me entirely, my cockhead hitting the back of her throat, brought me back to the brink of orgasm again. Her head began bobbing and I could feel my wet cock sliding in and out of her mouth.

Her beautiful blue eyes connected with mine as her nose connected with my lower belly, her face straining to hold my cock in her thrust while trying not to gag, and my balls nestled again her chin. Her strength and power enhanced her beauty, while creating a desperation to cum within me. 

When the moment passed, her oral gyrations renewed Now, my eyes became glued to her bouncing tits; their swaying mesmerized me. My god, how I wished those nipples were in my mouth! 

Pulling her mouth off me, she stroked me with both her hands as she cried out, "Cum for me, baby. I want to suck you dry!"

She moaned quietly as she began sucking me again. And, I, obviously, moaned too. 

The intense buildup before an orgasm ramped up quickly. Her expert manipulation ensured it.

The moment of total stress before the ultimate release threatened to overwhelm me. My muscles started tightening up. My arms gripped the bench, my legs started to curl, my ass clenched, my back lifted slightly off the bench, and I feared I'd have the biggest charley horses of my life. Finally, I felt my balls tensing and retracting as my dick began pulsating.

If this didn't warn her, my guttural half moan/half growl surely did! Burst after burst of warm cum exploded out of me and filled her mouth. 

She was staring into my eyes as she took those shots in her mouth and swallowed it all. Releasing her death grip on my now semi-hard penis, she gently sucked and licked it clean.

I laid back for a minute to gather my strength and wits.

"You are the most amazingly beautiful woman in the world," I said. "I can't believe you did this for me."

"You're so cute," she said. She reached over and kissed me on the check. "Now, its time for my fantasy. You know, the one where we go in the house, you make me dinner, and clean the dishes." 

Pulling on her shirt, she said, "You better hope no one heard you. I don't want to explain this to our neighbors!" 

God, I thought, what a perfect wife!