 "Oh my God, you are still hard," Tammy said as she traced my dick with her fingers. 

"Yeah, it has been a while," I said, wondering how she managed to swallow all the cum I had spurted into her mouth.

"Well, if word gets out you eat pussy like that, half the restaurant staff will drive up here every night."

"I hope you mean the female half," I said, pulling her closer.

"Wait a second," she said, rising to kneel on the blanket and reaching for the wineglasses. She took a long sip, swirling it in her mouth. I drank as well, and ran my palm over her flat abs, then cupped her breasts again.

Tammy giggled as I slid a finger back into her pussy, spreading her legs as she sipped wine, naked in the moonlight.

She set the glass down, and curled up next to me again.

"I think we needed to cleanse our palates," she said before her mouth was glued to mine. Our tongues met again and again as I rolled her on to her back.

I pinned her to the blanket, we kept kissing like we were kids who just learned how to do it right. And my dick pressed against her soft skin and muff.

I could barely stand it, I never wanted to fuck anyone so badly in my life. Edging myself back, I moved my dick over her pussy lips. Tammy cooed as I moved back and forth until my cock head penetrated her pussy lips.

Tammy was very tight, I pushed gently as she raised her legs up to take me in.

She was tight, but so warm and soft as I moved deeper in that my dick began quivering. I began pulling back, savoring the feel of her slick soaking hole.

I pulled my cock out into the night air and was reaching for my pants pocket when Tammy caught my wrist.

"Forget the rubber, I'm on the pill anyway," she said as she kissed me. "Just fuck me with that thing."

I moved back on top of her, this time my dick slipped right her soaked hole.

I kept moving slowly, wanting to feel every inch inside her, pressing down over her as we both began moaning. I knew it would be a while before I came again, but I was taking my time, filling her with slow steady strokes.

Tammy lifted her hips to meet me as I finished each thrust. I lifted myself, bracing on my wrists and looked down over her slender body. Each push jiggled her pert breasts, and I sucked at her nipples as I increased my speed.

I looked lower down our bodies, seeing my cock ramming in and out, surrounded by her pussy lips.

"Yeahooohhyeahhhh," Tammy moaned as I grunted. "Fuuuckkkkkmeeeeeeee." 

After a couple more thrusts, I pulled out and rose to my knees. Tammy looked up at me, then turned over on all fours without a word.

She reached behind to guide my rod to her love hole, then leaned forward on her elbows as I rammed her as deep as I could on the first push.

I was wondering when the wet dream would end, but Tammy bucked and bouncedon each move I made, calling out each time my balls slapped against her trim but rounded asss.

I held her hips tight to me, and Tammy pushed back as I pistoned forward. Her orgasm rang out over the field, small shrieks of delight. It felt like my rod melted as my cum gushed inside her. I stopped pushing and just felt it spurt, filling her as I reached around and clutched her breasts.

Tammy clutched the blanket in bunches, remaining still after I pulled out and lay back on the blanket. She turned her head to me, smiling past wisps of hair that had come loose from her scrunchy.

"When I say 'fuck me,' you really listen don't you," she said.