 She sat back and sighed softly. "That was beautiful, wasn't it?" 

I wasn't sure just what she meant but I said "Yeah, it was." She might have been talking about her body, which right then was sitting glistening with perspiration and stark naked on top of my schlong, which had been inside her hot cunt in one position or another for the last 80 minutes. Or she might have been referring to the four orgasms she'd had when my tongue had been exploring her cunt and tickling her clitty. Or she might have been talking about the feelings she had from another eight orgasms (if I hadn't forgotten to count any) while I fucked her in the missionary and doggy positions and countless variations in between. Or she might have meant the three climaxes she experienced while in control on top of me.

She had just ridden me to my second cum and the last of her three climaxes while sliding her body up and down my shaft and teasing my mouth with her heavy swinging titties, jugs big enough to supply milk for a modest litter of kiddies or one thirsty man like me.

My sex life recently had been in the dumper. It had been three weeks since I had been laid and I was really tired of jacking off. However I never seemed to have much luck picking up women who were willing to go to bed with me, at least not unless I was willing to pay, and I didn't much care for prostitutes anyway. I had stopped off in the sports bar for a drink, more to drown my sorrows than from any expectation that I would get lucky, and after looking around at the customers, it appeared that my luck would hold. There were several guys huddled around the various TVs watching a division I-AA ball game, one that held absolutely no interest for me. However I ducked around the corner of the L-shaped bar and took a look at the dance floor, finding several couples and a small group of women, some dancing but most at the scattered tables.

I grabbed one of the barstools and ordered a drink. About half way through it, I screwed up my courage and walked over to the group of women, all of whom appeared to be late twenties or early thirties, and asked one if she would like to dance to the rock music blaring from the sound system. She accepted and we walked to the floor and began dancing, one of those things where you really don't know you're dancing with someone. She was nice but went back to her drink when the number ended. Back at the table I asked the second woman to dance and she joined me on the floor. She laughed at my less than artistic attempts to move with the music but we had fun. Again when the number ended, she headed back to the table. I asked the third woman to dance with me just as the music changed to a big band number so we slow danced together, her body melted into mine, and it took me maybe two minutes to get a raging hard-on that strained to get out of my pants. 

The woman looked into my eyes with amusement and asked if I'd like to take her home. When I said yes, she picked up her purse, told the others good-night and we walked the three blocks to my place.

She didn't require much in foreplay. She took a quick tour of the place to get the layout and then headed straight for my bedroom. By the time I got there, she was almost undressed. She propped herself in the middle of the bed, legs spread, ready and waiting, and when my eight inch erection came into view, she whistled and said that she was ready to be fucked. However I stopped with my face in her crotch and spent many minutes eating her pussy. She seemed surprised that I would spend that much time there but she tasted good and reacted well so I got a kick out of it. Then I plowed her this way and that for nearly an hour, both of us having a ball. She gave me four minutes to recover before she rolled me onto my back and mounted my new erection. The next half-hour was magnificent.

The way she leaned back forced my slowly deflating cock to press against her pubis and she wiggled her ass on my scrotum. I only deflated so far before the trend reversed and it began to grow hard again. For a few minutes she rocked until I was hard and then she asked "Do you always get hard so quick?"

"Well ... yeah, usually. I don't get that many chances and I like to make the most of those I get."

"Gawd, you're a real pussy pleaser, aren't you?"

"Oh, I don't know. I just know that I love the feel of pussy, especially when it seems to be having as much fun as my cock."

"Yeah. I never knew a guy who could keep it up so long. You need some more pussy, honey." Suddenly she leaned over to the night stand and dug into her purse. When she sat back, she had a cell phone. She flipped it open and punched a few buttons and after a few seconds of listening, she said "Hi. It's me. Did you get lucky?"

She listened a bit and then said "Too bad. How about Judy?" Again a pause and she responded with "Tell her I said 'sorry' but I got something I want you to see." She moved her bottom away from me until she was sitting on my ankles and held the phone in front of her. She held it a few minutes and then said "How do you like that?"

I could hear the other end of the conversation now with the phone away from her ear. A voice said "Wow! Was that as good as it looks?" My partner said "Better. And I can't make it go down. You two want some?" The voice said "Of course. Do we look like idiots? Where are you?" She said "Would you believe in the same complex, on the north side. Building 13. Number 14244. Hurry. I'll keep it warm for you." Then she closed the phone and broke the connection. 

She moved back up and stretched to put the phone in her purse before easing back onto my cock. I grinned and asked "What did you just do?"

She replied "You know the other two that I was with in the bar? They're coming over. You don't mind giving them a sample, do you? They're my best friends and we always share the good ones. There aren't that many good ones around this area."

It took the women just twelve minutes to ring my bell. Angie jumped off, saying "Wait for us" and fled to the front of the house, still naked. In a minute she was back leading the two giggling women. As she climbed on my legs, she held my cock like a trophy for the two newcomers to view. They oohed and ahed while shucking their clothes and I was soon covered in naked women. I had everything a man could ask for: tits, pussy, ass, legs, wet mouths, and grasping hands, a real dream cum true. I ate pussy and fucked pussy and fondled tits and massaged asses and made a pig of myself with them ... and they seemed to love every minute of it, maybe as much as I did! I fucked Lynda and Janine and they fucked me until we saw the light of dawn breaking. Then it was Angie's turn again until she finally collapsed on my chest. I put an arm around each of the other women and pulled them close and we were all fast asleep within minutes.

That was the beginning of a massive change in my sex life. The three women made a habit of meeting at my place around three or four in the afternoon every Saturday and we would fuck our way through the night and sleep until mid-afternoon Sunday. During the rest of the week, one of them would sleep with me most nights so that I spent few nights alone after our initial meeting. I knew that they were still spending time at the bar, sometimes picking up other men to share their delights with but how could I complain.

That summer my cousin from up north came down for a visit, arriving late on a Friday night. Angie and I had been sleeping together and she slept through his arrival. The next morning Jamie was surprised when I introduced her, especially when she told him that she'd like for him to join us that afternoon when her friends arrived. Jamie was a little slow to catch on ... until she told him point blank that we were going to have a fucking party.

Jamie was very enthusiastic and all the girls seemed to like him. He was a considerate lover and managed to last fairly well. Coming from a small town in the boondocks, he could not believe his good fortune getting to screw three beautiful women in one afternoon.

It was early in the morning and Jamie was resting after having just screwed Lynda. Judy was laying beside me and Angie, who had been languidly riding me, stopped and sat back on her haunches. She said "I've got an idea. Judy, help me here" and pointed toward the night stand. Judy reached into a purse and took out a tube of KY Jelly, squeezed a big dollop into her hand and, as Angie bent forward over me, slapped the gooey stuff between her buttocks. Angie looked at Jamie and crooked her finger at him, saying "Come her, big boy, I need you."

Jamie looked puzzled but I already had an inkling that we were about to participate in a new and exciting piece of action. The women got Jamie on his knees behind Angie and Judy rubbed her greasy hand up and down his shaft. Angie said to me "Hold onto my nipples and when I tell you, I want you to pinch them ... hard!" Judy had guided Jamie's spear toward Angie's ass hole and he had finally gotten the idea. I spread my legs wider and so did Angie, letting Jamie get close to her bottom. Just as he pushed forward, Angie cried "Now!" to me and I pinched her hard nipples. She tossed her head back as the pain wracked her body but as soon as he was inside her ass hole, her expression turned to one of lust. I released her tits and she pushed them into my chest as her open mouth closed over mine and her tongue swirled around in my mouth. 

Jamie's cock slid into Angie's bowels alongside the big vein on the bottom of my penis and I really couldn't even feel the thin membrane between us. He hit bottom and slowly began fucking her, his extractions causing her pussy to completely engulf my tool while his inward thrusts pushed her up my shaft. Back and forth Angie went and she quickly broke off our kiss and urgently tossed her head backward as far as she could reach, then started a series of violent side-to-side movements that would have broken my nose if she had hit me. The expression on Jamie's face said that he was in a whole new world of eroticism. In less than four minutes she screamed out her pleasure as a violent orgasm wracked her body. Jamie never stopped moving and soon grasped both of her tits in his hands, using them for leverage to fuck her. It took him a little over ten minutes to send his load into Jamie's ass during which she had three violent climaxes. After Jamie sat back, I grabbed Angie's buttocks and slid her up and down my shaft for another few minutes until we both came with a howl of pleasure.

Judy disappeared and reappeared quickly with warm washcloths that she and Lynda applied to our cocks, Judy being very careful to clean Jamie's dong. With Angie laying to the side and too spent to move a muscle, the other girls fondled us and sucked us until we both had a new hard-on. Then Judy positioned Jamie in the center of the bed facing up and she straddled him. While she was getting comfortable with Jamie's cock in her cunt, Lynda slathered my cock and Judy's anus with the jelly and then guided my dong to her puckered opening. When Judy said she was ready, I eased forward and found little resistance at her sphincter. Although her hole was tight, it was obviously not very painful as I worked my shaft into her until my crotch mashed her big globes. It was my turn to squeeze her hooters and rove the confines of her channel while feeling my dong sliding alongside Jamie's cock in her pussy. This time it took me twenty minutes to blow my load into her ass and Jamie was just a few seconds behind, starting to cum before my balls finished their work. In the meantime, Judy had cum four times, the first an earth-shattering quake and then rest diminishing in intensity as she became sated.

By the time the three of us pulled apart, Angie had recovered and she was the one who brought washcloths. She and Lynda worked at cleaning us up and then getting us going again. It took nearly 45 minutes to get us both hard but the girls were adamant that all three of them were going to get a DP fuck that night. It was my turn to lay on my back again but this time Lynda sat on my cock facing the same way, pushing my tool into her anus and then gingerly laying back on my chest. I had the pleasure of holding her by her big boobs to keep her from falling off while Jamie stuck his cock in her pussy. He stayed on his knees and worked his way in and out of her for many minutes until he climaxed. Once he pulled out of her, I used a hand on her left tit to move her up and down while the other hand teased her clitty. In a short time I shot my load into her booty just as she banged and clanged her way through her fifth orgasm. That was the last act of a very satisfying night of sex ... and it was only 11 43 in the morning!

That summer and fall Jamie drove down about three out of every four Friday nights and stayed over until mid-day Sunday, when he had to drive home for work the next day. The three girls adjusted to his routine and when he was coming, they would appear about 10:30 at night and be waiting when Jamie pulled into the parking lot. We would fuck our way through the rest of the night, take a break for lunch Saturday and be back in bed by 4 in the afternoon, usually not getting out until late Sunday morning. By then we had all had all the screwing we could handle for a few hours. We made use of the complex's hot tub and pool to help us recover. Jamie would head home in mid-afternoon and for the up-coming week it was just me and the three girls until he came back to town.

Although I loved to fuck the girls every way possible, I think all five of us had come to love the double penetration fucks and we couldn't wait until Jamie came back on the weekend. Thus we were all disappointed when, in early winter, Jamie was forced to move further north to take a new job. It meant that it took him longer to make the drive and there were more weekends when he couldn't come down at all. On those weekends the three girls made do by sharing me and each other and sometimes screwing partners they picked up at the pub. However it wasn't the same as being filled with two cocks at the same time. Occasionally one of them would suggest another guy that she had met, usually at the same bar, but the others usually vetoed the idea for one reason or another.

The situation was not without its benefits. I found that the longer I went, the longer I could go ... that is, the more we fucked, the longer I could fuck without needing a rest period. I was able to get a hard-on quicker than before so the rest periods were more of a "when the muscles are ready" question than a "get it up" problem. I also found the sensitive spots on the soles of the feet of all three women and determined that when I massaged those spots, the results of our screwing was much more impressive; not only were the orgasms more demonstrative but the girls were much more willing to dive into pleasing me with such things as a post-fuck sloppy blow job or an ass-probing prostate massage. As a result, I frequently went directly from filling one ass or pussy with my love cream to poking the next ass or pussy and started anew with very little intervening time..

Then abruptly things got tremendously better when Jamie's new employer transferred him to a city just 90 miles away and gave him custody of a whole new territory with authority to plan his own schedule and itinerary. Once he got settled into a new apartment, he planned almost every week so that he ended his Friday business within a few miles of my place and then he didn't have to leave until late on Sunday evening. After that few weekends passed where the five of us were not together in or around my bed and double penetration screwing was the order of the day. The three women became extremely happy and so was I. I think it was safe to say that all five of us were addicted to the activity. During weekday nights, I got all the ass and pussy I wanted and on weekend nights, I got special treat after special treat.

And we all just keep cumming!