 We did this every night. Exercise that it. We did it together to keep us from quitting, if one didn't want to go, the other made them. Usually we just jog around the local park a few times (only at night, we both prefer the dark). However, tonight wasn't a normal work out. About halfway around the park my jogging partner stopped me and told me to follow her. She led me to the middle of the park, and also the darkest, and kissed me. 

"What are you doing, Jenn?" She grabbed my hand and put it on her breast, effectively shutting me up, and kissed me again. Something told me I shouldn't just sit there, so I grabbed her ass and pulled me forward. I never noticed how sexy Jennifer was. I had seen her breasts bouncing when she jogged, and heaving when we got back, but I never really paid attention. Now, with one in my hand, I squeezed it, and played with the nipple through the fabric of her shirt, coming to the conclusion that her breasts were easily a C-cup. Her ass was thick, and full, and she really seemed to like it when I rubbed it.

OK, reality check. Here I am, tongue down the throat of a beautiful woman...my jogging partner for God's sake! I've been jogging with her for over 4 months and never noticed how sexy she was. I couldn't let the opportunity get away from me, so I massaged her ass even more, making her grind her hips against my erection. The more I played with her tit and ass, the more she rubbed her pussy against me. After only 2 minutes, she began moaning in my mouth. I couldn't believe it, she was cumming. Jennifer was really humping me now, and through my pants. Her moans became squeals, her squeals became screams, as she ground her pussy against me, bringing herself to orgasm.

She pulled away and smiled at me, arching her back. I took a step back to admire her beautiful body as she stripped. Her stomach was tight, and her breast were large, only sagging a little bit from their weight. But I wasn't ready for what I saw when she took her pants of. Her thighs were amazing. Thick, but no where near fat. Her legs were incredibly long, and her soaked vagina was hairless. She turned around to pull her panties of the rest of the way, giving me a peek at her ass. It was perfect, it looked as thick and full as it felt, and had a nice round shape.

"You like what you see?" Like she had to ask. She must have read my mind, because she grinned and laid down on the cool, wet grass. She spread her arms and the light bouncing off of her sweaty breasts made her look angelic. I climbed over her, and finally got my mouth around her hard, quarter sized nipple. I sucked her, like I was nursing, and she loved it. She was moaning and fingering herself when I stopped.

"No..uhh...don't stop..uhhh." I rubbed her breast and told her to get up. She looked at me with a puzzled look as I walked behind her, but understood as soon as I cupped her breasts from behind. 

"Ohhhhh, yeah, do it, stick it in me baby." I was happy to oblige, I grabbed her hips and pulled her onto my cock. She moaned, very loudly, as I worked myself into her. My God she was tight! After a minute of slowly pushing into her, I finally felt her ass rubbing against the base of my prick. She lifted her head and raised her arms, giving me full access to her tits. I grabbed them and started moving my hips, in and out. She pushed back into me. 

When I felt her ass press against me, it drove me wild. We began pounding each other, her back onto my cock, and me forward into her pussy. We went on like this for a good 20 minutes, making our fair share of noise. When I felt my load swell up in my balls a rammed her furiously. She screamed as she began her orgasm, starting mine. I felt my cum splash into her, while she gyrated her hips. We finally regained or composure, and to our horror we saw a Latin woman staring at us.....

To Be Continued...?? (let me know what you think of the first one, then maybe I'll write a second) 