 A few years ago, I was dating a hot young woman, we'll call her Cheryl. We had a hot and heavy sexual relationship, Cheryl is a big woman, but very curvy, a fiery redhead. She looks a lot like Jane Russel, except with bigger tits!

I met her through a mutual friend, an older gal from my office that knew my taste in women and thought we'd be a good match. We hit it off and tried to make it a love thing, but it turned out to be more like fuck buddies. Cheryl is a lot of fun, but just a little nutty, bi-polar to be exact. When she's in the mood, she can screw like a mink, but when she's on a down cycle- forget it.

We didn't exactly date, but we got together every week or so to have some sexual fun. Basically, order some Chinese food and fuck all night.

But this story isn't about Cheryl, it's about her friend Libby.

I met them both at the same time, at a pool party given by our mutual friend. I didn't know who was who at first, both are redheads, both very busty. 

Libby, the slender of the two, looks great in a bathing suit that shows off her impressive bust and cleavage.

Cheryl, bigger tits, bigger butt, bigger everywhere! She's a very hot woman and all woman.

My friend quickly corrected me, telling me that Libby was a bit of a slut and Cheryl was the one she intended for me to meet. since I like my women on the plus side, I went right after Cheryl.

Cheryl and I got acquainted and I didn't think too much about Libby after that, even though I knew Cheryl and Libby were good friends and sometimes went clubbing together. I always thought Libby was hot stuff but Cheryl was taking care of my needs very well.

One night, my phone rang and it was Cheryl. She said that she and Libby were at a club near my house, both were really too drunk to drive home and could they crash at my apartment?

Didn't take me too long to agree!

Twenty minutes later they were at my door. Cheryl greeted me with a deep, wet kiss then headed for the bedroom. I said hello to Libby and we followed Cheryl who was already stripping off her clothes and climbing onto my king size bed.

"I'll make it up to tomorrow, honey", she slurred, "but right now I'm too drunk to be any fun and I'm going to sleep." She was spread-eagled and naked on top of the covers, eyes closed. Like the gentleman I am, I tucked her in, giving one of her big tits a quick squeeze and a peck on the cheek. 

"I'm sorry..." she whispered, "I'll give you a nice bj when I wake up, OK, baby?"

"It's OK, baby", I said softly. I dimmed the light and she dozed off almost immediately.

I turned to Libby. "You can have the couch, or you can bunk in here with us. I don't think you have to worry about any hanky-panky since Cheryl is already out cold."

"Who said I was worried?", she smiled, "I 'll sleep in here with you guys if its OK. I don't care for couches, it always fucks up my back" She seemed very cheery at the prospect of sleeping in my big bed with Cheryl and I. "Besides, it's chilly tonite and I might need some warm bodies..."

"Suit yourself...you want the middle or the outside?'

"Outside, please", she smiled slyly. "I need to use your bathroom, so you can go ahead and snuggle Cheryl and I'll just jump in in a minute, OK?"

"Sounds good to me," I replied, "If there's anything you need, just help yourself, me casa, su casa."

"Thanks", she said and brushed by me towards the can. I could smell faint perfume mixed with alcohol as she wafted by me. She was a little drunk, too, but not as smashed as Cheryl.

I dropped my shorts and shirt and climbed in between the crisp sheets, scooching in next to Cheryl's warm, voluptuous body. As I spooned next to her, I was really wishing I could just slip my cock between her ample ass cheeks and wake her with some hard pecker, but I am a gentleman, and a gentleman just doesn't take advantage of drunk ladies. She was snoring noisily, deep in slumber. None the less, I was about half hard.

Libby returned shortly and slipped into bed. I resigned myself to a celibate night, with a hot woman on each side of me. An ocean of pussy and not a drop to drink..or fuck, or whatever...

I tried to close my eyes, but between Cheryl's snoring and alcohol breath, I had to roll over.

As my eyes adjusted to the dark, I could see Libby's face just inches from me on her pillow. She was awake, her dark eyes open, smiling faintly.

"I can't sleep", she whispered."... I'm, ...uh...kinda horny.."

I could feel her fingertips brushing lightly on my belly, "..want to have some fun?"

Her hand was now on my cock, which was responding all on it's own, growing hard and stiff as she stroked me.

She moved a little closer and I put one arm under her head and with the other hand, I reached for her tits. Our lips brushed as I found a plump nipple and squeezed softly, rolling it between my thumb and fingers. Libby has great tits, at least DDD cups and I had always admired her rack. I wanted to get my hands and mouth all over them! I fondled them, admiring their heft and size. Both her nipples were getting hard as I stroked and ran my hands over her breasts. Nice big tits....

But we had to be careful.

Check, Cheryl still snoring away.

My cock was now hard and firm, thanks to Libby's expert hand. Wordlessly, she rolled over, pushed her luscious ass to me, her hand still on my hard member.

With my free hand, I reached down, meeting her hand and guided my rock hard cock between her ass cheeks, searching for the opening of her pussy. Libby has a great ass, plump and firm.

I could feel her wetness on the head of my cock and I gingerly tried to find her inner lips, rubbing the head on her wet box. I pushed ever so slightly, and I could feel her warm pussy surrounding my cock head. That was the spot!

With my cock just inside. I wanted to push it home, but I knew if we started thrusting like animals, we would likely wake Cheryl.

Libby lifted her leg slightly, giving me a better angle and I pushed a little deeper, but still afraid to drive it in.

Libby knew just what to do. She moved her hand to the front and started rubbing her clit , alternately running her fingers down the shaft of my cock, masturbating herself and stimulating me. 

It felt fucking hot!

Check, yes, Cheryl still snoring away, hopefully oblivious. If she woke up now and found us in this position, my cock halfway into her best friend....

Libby continued to rub her clit, then the underside of my cock head, then her pussy, then running her hand, wet with her pussy juices down my shaft all the way to my balls, then back to her clit. As bad as I wanted to roll her over and pound her, I knew I couldn't. We were frozen in position, her hand doing all the work, providing the stimulation. We stayed like this for what seemed like an hour.

Libby was very skilled and it was the strangest fuck I ever experienced. Her hand was wonderful, sliding down the shaft and she knew just where to rub me, just on the underside of my cock head....she pulled my cock out and rubbed the head on her pussy lips and clit, swirling her fingers and palm, wet from her pussy around my cock head, stroking the shaft, then slipping me back into her warm, wet snatch....over and over again until I thought I would die to just roll her over and fuck her!

It was hot as hell...how do you fuck without moving? Libby knew how!

Did I mention Libby was kind of a slut?

I could feel her breathing harder as she worked her pussy, rubbing her clit with furious strokes and suddenly, in spasm, she came, her pussy clamping the head of my hard cock, her back arching, pushing me deeper into her hot, wet cunt.....

Check, Cheryl still snoring.....

As her orgasm peaked and subsided, she resumed her routine, now concentrating on me, literaly jacking me off with the head of my cock still inside her hot pussy. I kissed the back of her neck as she worked me, doing her very best to get me off. God, she was good at this!

More than anything, I wanted to shove my hard cock deep inside her, but I held back, knowing we couldn't take the chance....

I could feel my balls welling up and I knew I was going to cum. I whispred to her, ."...I'm ...ready!...." and she astonished me by opening her legs and letting me push it deep, with one smooth thrust, deep into her hot, tight, slippery pussy and I came like gangbusters, the sensation rolling through me as I pumped load after load into her hot cunt.

I think she came again as we both convulsed as one.

I softly carressed her ass and hips, kissing the back of her neck as we lay, still locked together, my cock still lodged deep in her warm pussy, her nice ass pressed against my belly...

Finally, it had to end and I pulled my cock out of her. She rolled over and we kissed on the lips, her tongue finding mine as I once again fondled her nice big tits.

"Thanks", she whispered.

"that was wonderful...", I breathed."

Check, Cheryl still snoring away.

Neither of us ever mentioned the incident for months, until long after Cheryl and I broke up. Libby and I ran into each other in a grocery store and eventually hooked up for a real fuck. While it was great, nothing can compare to the night we fucked without moving!