 I am not entirely sure how I first started to talk to Anna, it just seemed natural and easy, one minute we were on our own, the next companions on a strange journey but perhaps I should go back a little.

I travel a great deal and visit many remote parts of the world as part of my job. Despite most people thinking it is very glamorous to travel let me tell you it sometime gets to be really stressful. This trip had been no exception. The flight from London to Bangkok was delayed, business class was packed and no upgrade to first, on arriving the queue for immigration was slow the airport very hot and Bangkok itself was the normal trial of traffic and smog. Still the rewards of Bangkok are some of the best hotels in the world, this trip in The Peninsula Hotel melted most of the stress away and a couple of productive days with business partners in the city helped me to acclimatise and adjust to the time difference. 

I am 40 years old and work for a software company where my job is to train partners around the world how to use our technology, it can be great fun and each day is different but long weeks on the road, on trains, in the air in hotels can get pretty lonely. You get used to things not quite working as planned and true to form my first class train seat to Chang Mi was double booked and I found myself in second class for the 15 hour overnight journey through Thailand. No private cabin for me!

The sleeper train was pretty full and whilst waiting in Bangkok station the air conditioning was off so that it was very hot as I looked for my seat in the middle of the carriage. The seats were arranged in pairs facing each other, and for sleeping converted into bunks. As I sat down I found myself face to face with a young woman perhaps 20 or 21 years old clearly dressed for travel in a brightly coloured skirt, leather sandals and a light blue strapped tea shirt. These details I noticed later on, but my attention was first drawn by her eyes which were a deep blue colour, her slightly dishevelled off-blond hair creating a wild but energetic look. She was lovely.

Trying not to be too obtrusive I put my travel case on the rack next to the seat, and sat down with my travel guide in my lap and smiled at my companion, who after a moment to react smiled back. 

"It looks as if we'll be sharing this part of the cabin" I said, "my name is Alan". I reached out my hand to her and she took mine.

"Anna" she said and shook my hand. 

I had guessed she was English form the clothes and her back pack, her accent confirmed this for me, not quite home counties, but educated and strong. Her handshake was direct and her hand very warm, but then I guess my hand was pretty warm too in the heat of the cabin.

"Are you going all the way to Chang Mi?" I asked her. 

She nodded and asked "how about you?" 

"Yes, let's hope they get the air conditioning on soon, it's really hot in here." We laughed in a companionable way and on impulse I asked "would you like a cold beer?" Without waiting for her answer I reached into my bag and pulled out two cans of Tiger beer that I had bought on the station platform and reached one across to her.

"Are you sure?" asked Anna as she took the can. 

I nodded and opened my can, Anna opened hers'. 

"Cheers, and good health." We both took a welcome and long pull on our cold beers. Bliss.

"So what are you doing in Thailand?" asked Anna and so I explained my job, and was surprised to see her relax quite considerably as she realised I was not one of the many single European men in Thailand travelling for the sex tourist trade but doing something more worthwhile. 

Ice broken we chatted about this and that, I learned that Anna was a student and travelling for fun and until her money ran out, that she was on her own and feeling quite lonely but was hoping to meet up with some friends she had met on the beach when she arrived in Chang Mi. 

A sudden jolt of the train told of the arrival of the engine and our imminent departure from Bangkok, on time at 19.30, and then to a loud cheer from all of the passengers the air-conditioning finally started, quickly cooling the cabin. In the suddenly cool air I could not help but notice that Anna's nipples hardened and were quite noticeable through her tea shirt and bra, and then to my embarrassment I glanced up and noticed that Anna had clocked me clocking her! Our eyes met and Anna just smiled and then laughed. 

"Naughty, naughty!" I laughed and the tension immediately broken. 

"Sorry, couldn't help myself." I said.

As the train pulled out of the station and into the city suburbs we chatted, about the country, other places we had visited and when the steward came to ask if we wanted a meal we both ordered a Thai curry and another beer this time a litre bottle and as the level of our beer fell we became more relaxed. On impulse I asked 

"So why aren't you travelling with your boyfriend?'" I asked. 

"Oh I don't know, most of the men of my age are so immature and selfish , all they want is sex and when they get it, it lasts about two minutes! Far too much trouble, and besides you never know when you will meet somebody interesting." 

I glanced up at Anna, she was looking me right in the eye and her smile suddenly made my stomach lurch, surely an attractive young girl would not be interested in a man of my age? I smiled back and stretched out my legs, to my surprise Anna did the same thing and the skin of our legs touched under the table, my legs bare in shorts, Anna's bare under her skirt and for the first time in my life I felt an electric jolt of connection with somebody I had met less than an hour before. I looked at Anna again and saw that she was looking quite confused with a blush spreading up her neck, and I noticed her nipples were again quite pronounced.

I was not sure what to do, but figured that I should tread carefully, and so apologised. Anna it seemed was used to being more direct.

"You felt that too, didn't you?" she said looking hard into my face. I nodded, and moved my leg closer to hers again so that the hairs on my leg lightly brushed against her. Anna visibly shuddered, I assumed in a nice way, but made no attempt to move her leg away, so I left it like that feeling the heat of her leg next to mine, aware of a suddenly highly sexual charge in the air.

At that moment the steward arrived with our meal, breaking the tension, Anna smiled at the steward, then at me and I ordered two more beers, suddenly aware of the rest of the cabin around me which was buzzing with a party atmosphere. I could hear voices all around, chatting in several languages, but given the layout of the cabin could only see a few people further along the carriage. I was hungry and so it seems was Anna who tucked into her curry and rice with gusto, clearing the plate and the salad in step with me. 

We talked, it felt that we had known each other for a long time, and I found myself talking of relationships in my life that had not worked out, Anna talked about her family and her hopes on getting back to England and a couple of hours passed very pleasantly, the table was cleared and bottles removed.

In the middle of a story about a family holiday Anna suddenly stopped and asked.

"Can I try something?"

"Sure' I said 'what would that be?"

Without a word I felt Anna moved her legs under the table so that one of my legs was between hers, and touching both lightly, again the chemistry was there, and I moved my other leg so that our legs were now touching in several places. Anna watched my face while we arranged ourselves, and I felt a blush develop and could see that Anna was also getting red on her neck again. Anna gently moved her legs against mine, the sensation was very arousing and I could feel my cock beginning to grow in my shorts, happy that the table was still in place to hide my growing erection. 

Anna lifted her right leg and I heard her sandal fall onto the floor surprised now to feel her foot gently rubbing my knee and then moving slowly up my leg. Because of the gap between the seats Anna could not reach much further so I reached my hand down to her bare foot and gently stroked, first her ankles and then her feet, rubbing the soles of her feet with my palms, all the time looking at her face which had taken on a look of concentration.

Anna's other sandal hit the floor and left foot joined her right, Anna stretching her toes out so that they just about reached my groin, but not quite. Leaning forwards I could just about reach Anna's knees and so patiently I stroke up and down her lower thighs feeling the small hairs which had been missed by her razor and rubbing the soles of her feet until Anna closed her eyes very relaxed. Some noises further down the carriage made us look up, the steward was working his way down the cabin setting up for the night which involved collapsing the tables and dropping the top bunk down and then making the two facing seats into a second, lower bunk.

Anna looked at me, and mouthed the words "thank you" and stood up to allow the steward to make up the beds.

"Woman on top" said the steward, not a question, more of an order. Anna looked at me and giggled and then turned to her back pack to take out a wash bag and pyjamas. I also removed my wash bag from my case and followed Anna to the washroom and toilets. Toilets are not places to get romantic, although I felt a strong urge to kiss the back of Anna's head as she brushed her teeth, I took my place at the sink and carefully brushed my own teeth and in the cubicle had a pee and put on my pyjama bottoms.

On returning to the bunks the beds had been made a curtains hung across them to give each some privacy, around the carriage people were preparing for bed although there was a steady chatter of voices. I packed my things away in my case, retrieved my book and could just make out a light in the upper bunk and some movement so assumed that Anna had decided to retire alone, on top. Shame! 

I climbed into my bunk which was quite wide and comfortable, and settled down to read, the motion of the train was very gentle and soon I felt sleepy and found myself nodding off. I don't know how long I slept but suddenly woke to find the curtains by my head open a crack, looking down from the top bunk was Anna's face upside down and smiling. Impulsively I beckoned to her, come here I mouthed and then put my finger to my lips. She smiled and her face disappeared, a thump and a bump and suddenly there she was climbing under the curtain.

Anna sat at the other end of the bed her feet stretched out into a quite generous space almost a double bed size with a clean white duvet and soft pillows. Anna was dressed in yellow light cotton pyjamas, unlike me she had a top on, buttoned at the front. Her legs stretched out to me, and so without a word I handed her a pillow to lean on and pulled her feet towards me, staying under the duvet (which hid my fast growing erection) whilst Anna was on top of it. Neither of us spoke, but I gently stroked her feet as before, only this time I could reach further up her legs. Anna snuggled further down the bed so that we were soon almost face to toe Anna spooned around my knees and allowing me to reach much more of her slim legs and lower back. Not wanting to overstep the mark I stroked on gently on the outside of her pyjamas, except for her lower legs and feet and the lower part of her back, when our bare skin touched the electric feeling of earlier was still there, perhaps now more intense and looking down I could see that Anna had a look of bliss on her face, which made me feel a little more bold. Taking her right foot I gently kissed her toes, and then sucked gently on her little toe hearing Anna moan very gently. 

We were lying in such a way that I could do little else and because of the duvet Anna could not easily reach me, suddenly Anna sat up, and taking her pillow crawled to my end of the bed, without a word she leant over me, her hair falling downwards and kissed me ever so gently, I could feel her tongue flicker into my mouth and then it was gone. She settled down next to me with her head on the pillow facing me and look on her face which said now what?

Anna reached out her hand a stroked my bare chest, starting at the top, tracking down over my flat stomach to me belly button and then in small circular stroke returning to my nipples. Feeling a little bolder I reached over to her and gently undid the top two buttons of her pyjamas, and then feeling brave two more. I could see her breasts were small, and her skin when I reached out to touch her was exquisitely soft with light downy hairs standing on end. I copied her motions on my chest, stroking her smooth stomach and then reaching back up to her breasts and her nipples, which were now fully erect and clearly very sensitive to touch.

Anna leant over my chest and gently licked my nipples leaving a trail of saliva around each and then sat up allowing me to gently open her pyjama top and take first her right and then her left nipple in my mouth, softly teasing them. Pulling back Anna then leant across me again and gently nipped at my nipples with her teeth, looking me in the eye, begging me to return the favour. Leaning across her again I gently bit onto her right and then her left nipple, at the same time stroking her stomach under the waist band of her pyjama bottoms, allowing my fingers to discover the top elastic of the knickers she was wearing underneath and feeling the soft curls of her pubic hair.

Anna leant back over me a trailed kisses down my chest and in a bold move pushed her hand down my chest, under the covers and into my pyjama bottoms, brushing my very stiff cock with the back of her hand. Pulling the duvet to one side Anna held it up and gently stroked the top of my prick through the fabric of my pyjama bottoms where it was tented and smiled at me. I nearly came right then, the tension of the evening and my high state of arousal causing me to swallow hard. 

Anna realising how close I was sat up and took off her pyjama top revealing her perfect but small breasts and then, she followed by pulling down her pyjama bottoms leaving her wearing only her quite sensible grey knickers. Pulling back the bed clothes, Anna undid the cord at my waist and pulled my pyjamas off, revealing for the first time my impressive erection. Anna looked at me and smiled.

I have managed to stay pretty fit, and my body is in good shape, my legs are strong from running and swimming and my uncircumcised cock whilst not the largest in the world is a comfortable hand filling size. Anna's small hand reached for the base of my cock and holding quite tightly she leant forward and with just the tip of her tongue touched the small area of my glans exposed by my foreskin. The glans of an uncircumcised penis is very sensitive, almost painful at times and Anna showed some inexperience by gripping too tightly. 

I whispered to her "very gently" and she immediately understood and with a feather like feel gently pulled my foreskin down and taking just my penis head into her mouth she circled her tongue, finding the slit at the top, licking gently around the rim at the base, and sucking ever so gently. This was more than I could take I reached down and warned Anna that I was about to come, looking me in the eye, her eyes smiling she sucked just a little harder taking me over the edge. I came first in a great spurt, followed by a second and a third. Anna swallowed all I had to give not letting go of my sensitive cock head with her mouth and all the time looking me in the eye. Finally my orgasm subsided and Anna released me, coming up the bed to kiss me on the mouth, fully, exploring my mouth with her tongue and letting me taste a little of my sperm still in her mouth. 

Anna snuggled up to me, we had been so wrapped up in the last few minutes that we had not noticed the carriage was now much quieter, in another bunk we could hear some gentle snoring. Anna giggled quietly and lying on top of me gently rubbed her rock hard nipples on my chest. Smiling I turned over lifting Anna so that she now lay on her back, her hair spread across the pillow. I gently ran my hand down her stomach to the waist band of her knickers, and then over the fabric traced downwards across her mons and between her slightly parted legs to the base of her buttocks. Anna was hot to the touch even through the fabric and wriggled almost as if to say harder, please, harder! 

Taking the band of her knickers in my hands I slowly pulled them down, the gusset sticking and then coming free revealing first her surprisingly blonde and soft pubic hair, then her vulva and vagina opening, sticky with her juices, releasing a smell of her excitement which made me almost dizzy with expectation. I was rock hard again and turning around slightly gently stroked Anna's legs from the knee upwards, just brushing her pubic hair with the back of my hand, and feeling Anna's small hand now finding my cock and testicles and stroking them . Anna opened her legs a little further, her labia now open showing her very pink opening at the top her small pink clitoris almost shining with her arousal. 

Leaning over I gently ran my tongue around the very edge of her labia, not touching her clitoris, and then running to the back of her vagina and gently probing her anus, rimming her and tasting the nectar of her juices as they dripped from her vagina across her perineum. Anna was shaking, close to orgasm, pushing one finger into her vagina I finally licked upwards grazing her clitoris, the shaking developed into a shudder, her vagina clamped hard around my finger with spasm after spasm. I could see her eyes clamped tightly shut as she tried not to make any noise and her hands now found my head pushing me harder into her vagina so that my entire face could rub and pleasure her through the intensity of a massive climax.

Anna subsided, and I heard her whimper slightly. Moving back up the bed I lay next to her and held her now naked body against mine, pulling the duvet over both of us. Anna opened her eyes and smiled at me, leaning forwards to kiss me putting her left leg over mine as she did so. We kissed, gently with passion and mutual understanding, how could we get so close so quickly?

I gently stroked Anna's back, reaching down to her bottom tracing along her still wet crack with my fingers, Anna, moved further across me and then sitting forwards I found my cock nestling against her vagina opening. Anna looked at me and smiled gently pushing herself down so that my cock smoothly pushed into her in one slow and steady movement all the way inside her. We did not thrust at each other, allowing the motion of the train to provide the most gentle of friction, I could feel the head of my cock touching Anna's cervix, Anna's clitoris was snug against the front base of my cock, with my hands I could reach and gently tease her anus and feel where my cock entered inside her. 

I had never experienced anything so intense, we lay looking into each other's eyes, completely lost to the world around us, ever so gently the movement of the train as it moved slowly through the Thai countryside and our deep connection caused Anna to start to tremble, I could feel first a gentle spasm in her vagina and a growing flow of her juices around the base of my cock. The spasm grew and my cock began to pulse with intensity, all the time Anna was gazing into my eyes almost pleading with me to thrust or accelerate. Instead we held onto each other and let the train do the work. 

Anna's gentle spasm got stronger, so her vagina muscles were clamped onto my cock and soon I knew we could not hold much longer. Anna gave in first, bucked gently once and then with a groan gripped me with her arms and started to buck against me. This was too much for me, my orgasm built and I started to come, pumping my seed deep inside of Anna adding to the intensity of the feeling, further lubricating our connection and adding to the juices dripping out of Anna onto my testicles and to the sheets.
