 Kristan was working that night. It would be a long night, she knew, but she enjoyed them more than others because it wasn't very busy. She was the assistant manager at a movie theatre, and it was Tuesday - the deadest day of the week there. 

A beautiful girl at 20, she had dirty blonde hair which she wore up that night, sexy blue eyes, and a deep tan. She had a gorgeous body, about 5'3 or 5'4, 135 pounds, large breasts and a nice ass -a really nice ass, in fact.

Kristan knew her body got some stares - it was flattering. What she wore to work took advantage of this as much as possible. She wore a very tight button up shirt, with black pants - also tight. Feeling especially mischievous, she undid one more button on her shirt than usual before kissing her boyfriend, Shawn, goodbye. She knew it drove him crazy that she looked so good at work. She knew that the more other guys wanted her, the more Shawn wanted her, and that thought always turned her on.

The night was boring, as usual, but she was able to joke around with the other guys that worked there, and generally just take it easy. Around 9 o'clock, people began to line up for the late show. There weren't many. But there was one group of guys that arrived, three of them, that caught her interest. They were in their mid-twenties, and all three of them were attractive. She took pride in the fact that she caught one of them looking at her chest. 

He looked up at her, and, realizing he was caught, just held her gaze, smiling confidently. Her heart skipped a beat, caught in his steely blue eyes. Blushing, she looked away. Kristan couldn't deny that her pussy grew moist at the sight of this man. When he walked away, she couldn't stop herself from looking at his ass in his jeans. 20 minutes after he was out of her sight, her cunt was still tingling.

Dave was going out to catch a flick with his 2 buddies. A good looking man, about 6 foot, 165 pounds, short brown hair, he was a bit of a player. He considered himself successful with the ladies. Sure, he got rejected often, but he was successful just as often. He had been single for about 5 months now, and had probably had about 15 women during that span. 

In line at the theatre, he spotted one of the employees there. Lust surged throughout his body. He wanted this woman. Badly. Perfect tits, nice tan. Oops. She caught him looking. 

He smiled his dazzling smile and was encouraged to see her blush and look away. If only he were in a bar, he would be all over her!

Thirty minutes later, Kristan was wandering the halls of the theatre, daydreaming. Thoughts of the gorgeous man she noticed earlier persistently crept into her head. 

"Something interesting you're looking at?" said a voice behind her. Kristan turned, startled, realizing she was standing in the middle of the main foyer staring off into space. It was him. Her pussy flooded, she couldn't help it. She opened her mouth to speak, but no words came out. She blushed, laughing nervously. He flashed his winning smile back at her, and turned to get in line for some popcorn. 

Kristan's eyes feasted on his ass, and she found herself trying to come up with an excuse to approach him. She couldn't think of one. She was too embarrassed anyway. Plus, she had a boyfriend! Suddenly remembering this, she chastised herself inwardly. Still…she couldn't take her eyes off that ass, nor her mind off of what could have been.

When Dave turned away from her, he felt triumphant, confident. He knew those signals. He knew that in a different environment, like a club, he would get her. Seeing her again confirmed his earlier thoughts. He wanted her. Bad. The thought of seeing a body like that naked was too much to bear. He caught an eyeful of her tanned cleavage and the image burned in his mind. He realized he was semi hard just thinking about it. 

Kristan noticed the bulge in his jeans when he walked away with his popcorn, and a surge of desire shot from her crotch throughout her body. Now it was HIS turn to catch HER looking. She looked up and realized she was caught. She blushed again, quickly looking away. Now she was very horny. Shawn was going to get fucked tonight, she was sure of that!

It was a long movie. Nearly 2 hours had passed. She walked around the place, doing her nightly checks. By now, most of the staff had gone home for the night. She noticed the "out of service" sign in front of the men's washroom. 

'I wonder why he's still here?' she thought, thinking the washroom was still being cleaned. She walked into the washroom to see if he was, indeed, here. He tended to forget to put the sign away sometimes. 

Meanwhile, Dave was having trouble watching the movie. It was too long, and somewhat boring. His thoughts continued to drift to that hot babe with the amazing body. He found himself trying to come up with ways to go back out there and run into her again. He decided to go to the bathroom. He didn't really have to go, but it was an excuse. He walked out to the main hall and looked around. 

Shit. Not in sight. Even the food vendor was shut down. Not one to care about 'out of service' signs, he walked right into the washroom. 

That same instant, Kristan was walking out, having established the washroom was empty. They literally bumped into each other at the door. From there, everything happened incredibly fast. 

"Whoops!" he said, surprised, smiling. Her heart skipped a beat, and yet again she blushed. She took a step back, but not too far back. She found herself desperately wanting to be as close to him as possible. 

"Sorry!" she sputtered. She never gets flustered with guys! What's going on? 

Dave decided to go for it. Why not? It's not like he'll ever see her again! Go for it! Looking into her sexy blue eyes, he stepped forward, the door shutting behind him. Heart pounding, Kristan didn't step back. She was completely caught off guard and very turned on. He leaned down and kissed her softly. 

She froze, not knowing what to do. She wanted this guy, but she was loyal to her boyfriend. Wasn't she? He kissed her again, this time his tongue tried to slip into her mouth as he backed her up a few inches to the wall. She opened her mouth, sighing as his tongue darted inside. Tingles fired through her pussy. He pressed her against the wall, and she was very conscious of the bulge in his jeans against her stomach. 

Completely lost in the moment, Kristan slid her tongue into his mouth, breathing heavily, body seemingly consumed in flames. Thoughts of her boyfriend left her head momentarily as this stranger explored her mouth with his tongue. Dave slid his hand down the back of her body, grabbing onto her gorgeous ass over her pants. Their lips were smacking loudly as they kissed with passion. He squeezed her ass cheeks, pressing his body against her even harder. He noticed that her tongue was pierced, he could feel the tongue ring rubbing against his tongue as they kissed. 

At that moment, he would do anything to get inside this woman. She was so hot! He ran one hand around to the front of her body over her clothes. She found herself parting her legs a little when she felt his hand make its way to her crotch. He rubbed her pussy over her pants, feeling the tremendous heat emanating from there. "Mmmmph…" she moaned, bolts of pleasure shooting up her body. She kissed him harder as he began to manipulate her needy cunt with his hand over her clothes. 

Kristan found herself become disappointed when she felt his hand leave her crotch. He slid his hand over her shirt, cupping her breast. He squeezed it gently as he broke the kiss, kissing over her cheek and neck to her ear. He could feel her nipple harder through her shirt and bra as he caressed her tit. He could hear her gasping for breath in his ear as he sucked her earlobe into his mouth. 

Dave slid his hand slowly down her body again, this time he expertly undid the button on her pants. 

"No…" she moaned, pussy buzzing like crazy. Too aggressive to let one little 'no' stop him, he grabbed her zipper, kissing back over her cheek towards her mouth. Kristan grabbed his hand, stopping him from pulling her fly down. 

"I have a boyfriend." She breathed. Again, something he'd heard before. His hand forced her zipper down, and he quickly slid his hand down the front of her panties. His fingers quickly ran through the curls of her pubic hair until the felt the moist heat of her slit. "Ohhhhh…" she moaned, before his lips were on hers. They kissed deeply as he slowly ran his finger down her sopping wet gash. 

Kristan could not believe that she was doing this. She loved her boyfriend, but she was kissing this stranger! His fingers were sliding up and down her pussy lips, and she didn't have the strength to stop him. Dave slipped a finger into her tight, hot tunnel. She moaned again, pure pleasure surging through her body. Her tongue shot far into his mouth as he slowly slid his digit in and out of her twat. 

She was breathing heavily into his mouth as he slowly backed her up to the bathroom counter. She needed to stop this. She also needed to be fucked, badly. 

He was still finger fucking her horny cunt with one hand. His other hand grabbed hers and placed it at his crotch, still kissing her hard. If it were possible, she became even wetter. She could feel his huge bulge through his jeans, and she couldn't help but squeeze it. Caress it. 

As if hypnotized, her fingers undid his button and slowly pulled down his zipper. She had to feel this guy's manhood. Just one quick feel, to satisfy her curiosity…then she would stop this. Her hand reached into his underwear and her fingers wrapped around what felt like a rather large cock. It felt thick, and when she stroked it, she could tell it was long. Intense desire shot out from her pussy to the outer reaches of her body. She had to break free of his hold. She broke the kiss. 

"I have a boyfriend." She breathed. Wait, she already used that one. "Umm…" she stumbled, "Someone could walk in!" There it is. A great excuse, she might get out of this yet! Yet, why was her hand still stroking his rock hard penis?

He pulled his hand out of her panties, and Kristan felt sudden despair. She needed him back in there! Dave pushed his pants and underwear down to his knees, unleashing what must have been 7 and a half inches of thick, hard cock. Her heart nearly burst with lust at the sight of it. This beautiful man had a beautiful dick to match! She was still staring at it when he placed a hand on her shoulder and gently pushed her downwards. Her legs felt weak, and she fell to her knees before him. His huge penis was inches away from her face, and she could not take her eyes off of it. 

Her heart was pounding and she was breathing laboriously, but Kristan wasn't moving. Dave grabbed his thick member and stepped up to her. He slowly ran the fat mushroom head of his cock over her face. Over her nose, down her cheek, across her mouth. Kristan found herself opening her mouth, and the tip of his penis poked inside. Now she was overcome. She found herself sliding her lips slowly down his shaft, taking 5 inches of his cock at once. 

He moaned, looking down at her tanned face. Her eyes were closed, her lips were wrapped tightly around his shaft. She began to slide her mouth up and down his rod, eagerly. 'slurp slurp slurp slurp' she sucked loudly on this stranger's cock, feeling his head hit the back of her mouth each time. Something felt a little different to him, as this goddess sucked on his cock. She pulled it out and he watched her slowly lick the shaft. Oh, yes. Her tongue ring. He forgot. 

She quickly stuffed his rod back into her mouth. Dave reached down and slid his hand over her shirt, grabbing her breast. He squeezed the soft mound as she continued to give him head. "Mmmmph…" she moaned. His hand felt so good on her breast, and she sucked harder on his organ. She was so good at giving blowjobs. Her mouth felt so warm around his cock. Her lips glided up and down the shaft so smoothly. 

He could take no more. He pulled his dick out her mouth with an audible 'slurp'. He pulled her up onto her feet and spun her around roughly. Kristan was gasping for breath, pussy buzzing with desire. She shouldn't be doing this. That statement was so obvious, yet she stood submissively before him, chest heaving, as he grabbed her pants and forced them down to her knees. 

He nearly shot cum into the air at the sight. Her sexy ass had a dark tan, and was a sharp contrast to her skimpy white thong. Now it was his turn to feel weak at the knees. As Kristan leaned forward, hands resting beside the sink, Dave knelt behind her. He fished her thong out of her ass with his fingers, pushing it to one side and holding it there. Her treasure was revealed to him. The pink lips of her pussy were pressed tightly together, glistening with moisture beneath that gorgeous ass of hers. 

He kissed her soft ass cheek. He kissed just inside the crack of her bum, above her cunt. He kissed the wet lips of her slit, sending bolts of pleasure up her spine. "Ohhhh…" she sighed, parting her legs a little wider for him. Holding her panties to one side with his thumb, he spread her ass cheeks apart, revealing her puckered asshole. 

He buried his face in her ass, sending his tongue into her horny gash. Kristan sighed as she felt a new tongue enter her pussy. He ran his tongue up and down the inside of her cunt, tasting her flowing juices as she squirmed before him. 

He sucked the swollen lips of her treasure into his mouth, holding them there as he ran his tongue up and down them rapidly. He released her pussy lips slowly, before sucking them back inside. Again, he released them slowly, this time, his tongue snaked out and lapped at her clit. 

"Ohhh God!" she cried, stifling her moan as amazing feelings flowed throughout her body. She was on the verge of what promised to be an intense orgasm. Suddenly, he stopped. She was left bent over in front of him, panting, pussy on fire, desperately needing more. 

He stood up behind her. Kristan tried to protest, but the words wouldn't come. She couldn't move. She needed this more than she needed anything. She remained bent over, leaning with her arms on the counter. Holding his fat cock, Dave slowly ran the mushroom head down the crack of her tanned ass, still holding her thong to one side. 

She felt him touch the entrance to her pussy with his cock, and she let out a gasp. He could feel just how wet she was for him, and he gently rubbed his penis up and down her needy slit, coating it with her juices. 

She wanted this so badly, she was aching with desire. She should at least ask him to wear protection. Yes, that's what she'd do. She was about to do just that, when he pushed forward. 

He watched the pink lips of her pussy stretch open and allow the top of his cock entry. "Ohhhhh…" she sighed. Her cunt was being forced open so wide! He pushed harder, squeezing half of his penis into her hot vagina. 

He pulled back a little, and then rammed his cock hard into her cunt. "UNH!" Kristan moaned loudly as she felt his massive organ shoot violently up into her. His big cock was inside her all the way! It felt so incredible. She suddenly realized that this man had his penis inside her and she didn't even know his name!

Dave looked down. Below his shirt, he could see his groin pressed tightly against her smooth ass, cock buried inside her. He began to slide in and out of her at a rapid pace, consumed with lust. "Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh!" she cried as he slid in and out of her quickly. 

Her orgasm hurtled towards her, and she embraced it, moaning, as she got fucked doggie style in a public washroom by a man she didn't know. "Ohhhhhhhhhh…Gawwwd!" she tried to quiet her moans, with little success as she came. Her entire body was consumed in flames, her pussy convulsed around his driving cock as her orgasm took control. 

She felt like her heart would explode, the sensations in her cunt dominated all thought. 'slap slap slap slap slap' the stranger's groin slapped against her ass repeatedly.

Suddenly, he pulled his long member out of her sopping hole and spun her around. Kristan was completely helpless as he sat her back on the counter. He grabbed her pants and forced them right off one leg, pulling her shoe and sock off with them. He noticed her toenails were painted red, making her tanned foot that much more attractive. 

He grabbed her thong and she actually raised her ass off the counter and allowed him to slide them down her legs and off one foot. The brown bush of her neatly trimmed pussy was now exposed to him, framing her quivering slit. Her pants and underwear were hanging around her left ankle while she placed her naked right foot on the edge of the counter, opening herself up for him invitingly. 

Dave knelt between her legs and buried his face between her tanned thighs. "Ohhhh!" she moaned as she felt his tongue lap at her horny pussy. She leaned back on one arm while she placed her other hand at the back of his head, guiding him to her treasure. He ran his tongue slowly up the lips of Kristan's vagina, tasting her delicious nectar. 

He slid his hands under her ass, grabbing her ass cheeks as his mouth clamped onto her clit. Her fingers played with his hair as his tongue licked quickly over her sensitive button. She began to writhe her crotch up into his face, an orgasm beginning to form once more. But Dave had to put his cock back in her, he was unable to put it off any longer. 

He stood up between Kristan's open legs, 7 ½ inches of rock hard manhood in his hand. They both looked down and watched him place the fat head against her swollen lips. Slowly, her pink lips opened up and his dick disappeared inside, inch by inch. 

"Ohhhhh…" she sighed, eyes closing as his entire penis slid inside her vagina. Using short strokes, keeping most of his cock in her, Dave reached between them and began to undo the buttons on her shirt. He had to see those tits! 

Still fucking her, he undid the last button and her shirt opened wide, revealing a tanned belly and a white bra. He eagerly grabbed her bra and pulled it down, exposing two gorgeous tits. He nearly shot into her at the sight. Beautiful, tanned globes, nipples very erect. 

His searching lips found her and he gave her a quick kiss before bending to give her magnificent tits some attention. Dave began to thrust into her harder as he sucked a nipple into his mouth. His long cock felt so good inside her, it went in so deep! He stood up again and their lips met. 

They kissed passionately, urgently as he fucked her right there in the men's washroom. "Mmmmph! Mmmmph! Mmmmph! Mmmmph!" she moaned into his mouth, surging towards another orgasm. It hit her, and it hit her hard. She broke the kiss. "OHHHHHHHHH!" her moans were so loud as her pussy convulsed around his pistoning member. 

He watched her wonderful tits bounce up and down with every thrust while the helpless girl was overcome with orgasm. Now it was his turn to lose it. He was going to cum, and he knew it would be a big one. He thrust in and out of her even faster, harder. "Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh!" she cried loudly as he jackhammered into her willing pussy. 

Dave slid his long, hard penis all the way into Kristan's hungry vagina and held it there. "Ohhhh…" he moaned, cock jerking. A long, thick stream of cum fired out the end of this stranger's dick and splashed off the back of Kristan's pussy. 

She sighed as his organ pulsated again, shooting more sperm into her womb. She was gasping for breath, ample chest heaving as his penis continued to ejaculate inside her cunt. She closed her eyes as the last of this man's cum trickled inside her. 

Her pussy was still feeling so good, but now guilt was beginning to set in. He pulled his semi-hard penis out of her vagina with an audible 'slurp'. 
