 He simply watched as relaxed in the steaming water that filled the claw foot bathtub. Her eyes were closed and to the eye it seemed like she was totally relaxed. Sight can be deceiving, but he knew that she was starting to relax from light sighs and moans that involuntarily escaped from her lips. Her muscles were relaxing after a long day. He knew that she was stressed out from work, but she really didn't take any time to actually relax. She needed it though, and the slight sounds that came from the room showed that.

To the left of the tub was a half empty glass of white wine, and a plate that was now empty of the sushi that he picked up for her earlier. She never protested sushi. He felt that maybe the sushi made the idea of relaxing easier. He entered with the bottle of white and refilled her glass and picked up the plate.

"Enjoy the rest of your bath dawlin," he said. She was giving him the silent treatment, but it was backfiring as he could tell that she was trying to force down a smile. He simply left the bathroom, dropping the plate in the sink, and headed to the bedroom. He figured that now that she was relaxed she would go use her computer and get some serious writing done. She had been working hard lately at the office and he could tell that she was frustrated with a writer's block. He turned on a mix CD and stripped down to a t-shirt and shorts and climbed into bed. He drifted to a light sleep even before the first song ended.

He started to wake up at first what it appeared was for no apparent reason. He kept his eyes closed wanting to drop back into sleep. He knew he hadn't been sleeping long because only a couple of songs on the CD had passed. He then realized that there was added pressure on his body from his chest down and realized he wasn't alone. He opened an eye and noticed that she had her head on his chest. Most of her body was lying on his body it seemed. He reached down and stroked her red hair. It was dry except for the tips and he heard her sigh.

"You remember years ago," she started, "when you use to talk about how you pretty much were your nephew's bed."

"Yeah," he replied.

"Your nephew didn't realize how lucky he had it," she said, "I remember thinking that I would have killed to be in his place."

"I think if that was the case," he replied still stroking her hair, "We wouldn't have gotten much sleep. Besides, now you are in that place."

She adjusted herself on top of him so her chin was resting on his chest and she was looking directly into his eyes. He was easily stunned every time she looked at him. He loved the shade of her eyes, and how it just went with her pale skin. How her eyebrows frame her face. She gave him a "cat-ate-the-canary" type smile, "Actually, your in my place.

"Well, your place is closer to good sushi then mine."

"I could have just kicked you out and kept the sushi you know," she simply said.

"True, but luckily for me I haven't pissed you off enough for you to do that."

She crawled up his body and kissed him lightly on the lips, "You are overdressed," she said before leaning down for another kiss. That's when he realized that she was stark naked. This could wind up being a good thing he thought as the two dueled each other with their tongues. A couple of seconds later he felt his shirt literally being ripped open, her nails slightly scratching his chest as the shirt was removed. Before she could go any lower he flipped her over onto her back. He looked down at her from above and went on his own way, leaning down taking an one of her earlobes in his mouth, hearing her make the same familiar sound from earlier when she was relaxing in the tub. He kissed and nibbled passed the point where her across her jaw and down her beautiful throat, tasting her still slightly damp skin as he made his way down toward the plentiful cleavage. He tweaked her nipples with his fingers, causing her to make a slight gasp as he kissed and licked down the valley of her breasts.

He looked up at her briefly, her eyes closed with lust he planted kisses and licks around the outside her areola, before making a slow, wet, circle on it with his tongue. He went back and forth between the two peaks before taking a nipple of one in his mouth. He sucked, and nibbled, and licked, enjoying the sounds she made. He went back and forth between the two breasts, repeating the same thing with each one, keeping the other attended with light squeezes, until he felt her hands in his bushy brown hair. He knew what she wanted...and he planned on giving it to her.

He gave a kiss to each one of her nipples before working his way downward, taking his time, to cover every inch of skin before his eyes with touches, licks, or kisses. He continued his way passed her stomach, making a circle with his tongue around her belly button, before he worked his way lower...and past the target. He went down to her knee, and licked a long, line from inside her kneecap up her inner thigh, and repeated the step with the other leg. He started to kiss, and lick everywhere, except where he knew she wanted him to kiss and lick. The fragrance coming from her shaved love mound and it was also driving him crazy, but he decided that he was going to keep on teasing. He kept getting closer and closer, sliding his hands up and down her thighs and over her hips as he kissed and licked and nibbled the skin around her juicy flowing, red hot meaning of life.

He held down her hips from thrusting up at him and heard her moan in frustration. The teasing was going to have to end as he took one long lick over her lower lips. Her body shook in anticipation as he slipped the tip of his tongue between her lower lips, the juicy treat tantalizing his tongue. He slid the tip of his tongue up and down her slit until he could take it no longer, and slid his tongue deeper into her depths. She let out a longer moan at this as he started to slide his tongue in and out of her velvety box, scraping the insides with his tongue as he started to rub her clit with one of his fingers. Between the taste of her sweetness and the sounds she was making it turned him on even more. She cried out his name as he took her clit into his mouth, sliding two of his fingers inside of her, thrusting them in and out as he sucked and nibbled at her clit. He wiggled his fingers inside of her with every thrust as she started to get louder, and then froze in a sudden silence before letting out a loud moan. He lowered his mouth to her entrance and proceeded to lap up her flowing juices, making sure to lick her clit every time he licked up. He gave it one last kiss after cleaning her up with his tongue before moving his way back up her body. She slid his hands down his sides to his hips, her eye still closed.

"Don't think you are just going to eat and run, old man," she joked, lightly smacking him on the ass. With a push that betrayed her relaxation, he found himself on his back this time. She straddled his hips and looked down at him, and started to kiss down his body until she reached his shorts.

"I told you that you were overdressed," she reminded as she removed his shorts in one quick tug. She took his cock in her hand and stroked his hardness firmly, this time causing him to gasp. She smiled as she climbed over him and slowly sank herself down on his pole. She concentrated sliding herself down on him before looking down. She started to set a slow, and teasing pace over him as he looked up at her, sliding his hands to her hips and holding on to them as he thrusted back up at her. She placed her two hands on his chest and clawed down, causing him to moan. She started going faster and faster as he thrusted up harder and harder, she leaned down and bit his shoulder hard, screaming out as a climax started to overtake her. He returned the bite, feeling her squeezing the life out of him as he unleashed his own torrent inside of her. He released his bite first, but only after it seemed like one of the longest orgasms of his life. She let go a few moments later. He stroked his hands up and down her back as she kissed where she bit and then kissed him softly on the lips. She pulled a blanket over both of them and put her head on his shoulder.

"Goodnight sexy," she said. He knew she wasn't planning on moving from this position anytime soon, not that he was complaining. He simply wrapped his arms around her and sighed happily. "Goodnight dawlin."

Before the CD finished it's final song...the two lovers were out like a light.