 What a waste of a good suit.

Not that I hate my job, I'm actually glad to have it. I ignored my studies in college enough to make All-Conference in ice hockey three years in a row. Unfortunately that left me woefully unprepared for a real job, as all I knew was hockey. Being to small to earn a living playing (5 foot 10 and a buck sixty five) I was lucky enough to land a job as a sales rep for a hockey equipment manufacturer.

The problem was these damn trade shows. I have to get all dolled up to pump hands and smile at a bunch of overweight schlubs, who have probably never laced up into a pair of skates, as they evaluate how well my wares will sell in their sporting goods stores. "Messier wears it? It might sell in New York, but not in Dallas. Modano's an Easton man." Piss off, tubby. I couldn't believe my life was reduced to trying to sell quality gear to a bunch of overweight slobs so they could in turn sell it to other overweight C.P.A. tripod slobs whose mid-life crisis fantasy it was to resurrect a hockey career that never existed in the first place.

I don't actually mind dressing up. Truth be told, I'm a bit of a clothes whore. But these pricks couldn't tell the difference between a $1200 hand-tailored worsted wool suit from Harrods from an off the bargain rack cotton/poly tent from the big and tall section of Jimbos Army Navy. Ahh, such is life.

Today started out like many others. Hi Artie from Peoria! How's business? Check this out, practically bulletproof, the next hot thing, Amonte's wearing these, every self-respecting 'Hawks fan is gonna need one. Man, was I gonna need a shower after this one.

That's when I saw her. How could I miss her? My perfect little lamb wading through this sea of swine. Was she coming my way? God, I hoped beyond hope. She couldn't possibly be a hockey buyer, and yet here she was. The bloated pink flesh oozing out of rumpled rayon faded into distant memory as the scent of her perfume reached me. She was absolutely poured into a black gabardine suit with an open-collared slate blue silk blouse shimmering beneath setting off her soft caramel complexion. Torrents of shining, loose black curls cascaded over her shoulders.

"Hi! I'm Victoria." Her card announced her as the sporting goods buyer for a department store and catalog shopping company based in Miami. "We're trying to get a little more legit into hockey this season, could you help us out?" She left her hand extended. The grayish blue silk flowed from the open cuff over her slender wrist. Attached to it was a dainty hand that culminated in meticulously French manicured fingertips. My heart melted to see the way her nose crinkled beneath her narrow wire frame Vuarnet glasses when she smiled. Maybe I was letting my attraction run away with my senses, but I could swear there was more than business behind that smile.

"Sure," I finally managed to get out as the electricity spread through me from the contact of shaking her supple hand. "We offer a pretty extensive collection of pro-level gear. In fact a number of top athl…"

"Sorry, I don't mean to cut you off," nonsense, I was all ears. "But I don't really know Jack about hockey. I was hoping you'd be able to fill me in a little more fully. Maybe explain all of this, say, over drinks?" Suddenly the trade shows didn't seem all that bad.

As it turns out we were both in the same hotel and made plans to meet at the hotel bar at 8:30. I made sure to arrive on the button. She was already there and waiting, nursing a Long Island Iced Tea. Her jacket was over the back of the bar stool and her breasts filled out her blouse perfectly. The silk glowed around the soft curves of her chest and her neck flowed gracefully from the collar. It was going to be very hard to think about shoulder pads and shin guards.

"Is this seat taken?" My idea of a joke. Surprisingly, she laughed.

"Sit down, suave." She patted the stool next to her. "Tell me about this grand game you supply equipment for." I ordered a dirty vodka martini and attempted to get down to business. After a few drinks the conversation turned friendlier.

"So how'd you get to be a sports buyer?"

"Oh, well when I got out of school with a marketing degree it was the only job I could find. You know how it is trying to get a job after graduation. Turns out I have a knack for buying." She shrugged while she chewed at the maraschino cherry from her drink. I had to loosen my tie as I watched her lips wrap around it. "I hate these trade shows though. All these companies hire these big, dumb ex-jocks to hawk their crap. None of those jackasses want to talk to a little latina from south Florida. Just as well I guess, I don't want to talk to them either. That's how I know who to take seriously. If these companies actually gave a shit they'd hire somebody with a brain, a business person, like you or me. So how'd you get into the sports equipment field?"

"I'm a bid, dumb ex-jock." I smiled.

"What?"

"I played in college. Pretty major hockey school in the North East. To small to turn pro, so I just got a job in the sports business."

"Ai, Dios mio, I'm so sorry!" She blushed and laughed as she swatted me on the shoulder. "And here I am thinking I was getting good at telling the difference."

"Really? I'm curious, how do you tell?" I was laughing now too, she was infectious.

"The clothes, papi, the clothes. Those jerks have no idea how to dress themselves. But you…"

"What, this old thing?" I chuckled once again. 'This old thing' was about $900 worth of exquisitely tailored Saville Row flannel in a dark charcoal with razor thin chocolate pinstripes. The gilded pig on the breast of my shirt gave away its Brooks Brothers pedigree as well as the deep crimson silk tie and pocket square and matching pleated silk crepe braces to hold up my pants. Not to toot my own horn, but I do know how to dress myself.

"Oh, but you're too modest," she chuckled. "But this is a business appointment, you know. Aren't you going to show me some demo products?"

"Well, I thought we were just going to discuss a general overview of equipment issues, all the samples are in my room."

"So, I guess we're going to need to go there and look at them, aren't we?"

We staggered off to my room. With a fair amount of booze in us, I was wondering how we were going to get any business done. She stood in front of me and my eyes were riveted to her wonderfully round, tight ass. The coarse silk of her suit clung to it like spray paint. After four martinis it was a struggle not to reach out and squeeze it. When the elevator door finally opened she stepped out and started down the corridor. The swaying of her rear end had me hypnotized and I followed like a dog on a leash.

We walked on four a few minutes winding our way down around a few corners of the immense hotel and as we neared my door I fumbled in my wallet for my key card. The door opened with a beep and muffled whir of the latch being pulled in. The lights were already on as housekeeping had been in and she could see my trunk of gear open in the corner. She walked over to the pile of gear spilling out and picked up a protective cup.

"What's this?" she asked.

"It's a cup. It protects your unit."

She placed a few fingers in the cup and stared at my crotch. "You can get your whole cock in here? I doubt that."

"Well, one is very seldom aroused when playing hockey."

She had dropped the cup while I was answering and walked right up to me. She rolled the smooth red silk of my tie around between her fingers. "I like your tie. Y'know, these have never been used to the best of their ability on the necks of men." She had grabbed the bottom of my tie in her fist and began curling it around her wrist, winching my head down to hers. "Don't you think it would compliment a woman's wrist much better?"

With my head lowered down I could smell her perfume and it was making my knees weak. Staring into her big, deep brown eyes as they gazed back into mine made it impossible not to act. I reached around and started to slide my hands down her back over the sleek, cool silk of her blouse. My hands found that marvelous butt and gave a gentle squeeze.

"Ai, suave, I didn't think white guys liked the booty," a sly smile curled over her lush lips as she noticed my fingers on the tight flesh.

"Everybody appreciates a work of art."

She leaned forward and kissed me. It was a gentle kiss that gradually got deeper and harder as she slid the double Windsor loose from between my spread collar. When the kiss broke she pecked at my earlobe and whispered "Why don't you find a better use for this," and slid my tie off my neck, knot still intact.

I grabbed her wrists and brought her arms up over her head. Kissing her neck, I slid the loop of my tie around her wrists and drew it tight. I looped each end once around the knot and had effectively cuffed as I moved her back towards the bed. Once there I tied each end to a slat in the headboard to bind her to the bed.

With that accomplished I got up and strolled over to the mini bar. I extracted two small bottles of vodka and poured them into a glass. I sipped at it as I opened the closet and unzipped a garment bag.

"You just going to leave me like this, papi?" she asked with a hint of mock fear.

"Oh, I'm not even close to being done with you, don't worry," was my reply as I selected two more silk ties from the clip in the bag, a green and floral print Christian Dior and a tan Bill Robinson with a delicate monochrome paisley embroidered into it. I slipped of my jacket and walked over to the bed with the ties on the wrist of the hand with my drink as I unbuttoned my collar with the other. "I just wasn't properly accessorized to finish the job." I set the drink on the nightstand, draped the ties over the headboard and kissed her. 

My collar open and our tongues intertwined I began to unbutton her blouse. I was in no way prepared for what I found; she wore no bra. She had generously large breasts and it seemed altogether impossible for them to buoy themselves without support, yet they did. Her ample D cups needed nothing to keep them riding high but slid slightly to the side when released from her blouse. Her brown nipples hardened as the sleek fabric slid over them and onto the bed beside her. Beneath them her belly was as taught as a drum.

Goosebumps broke out across her smooth skin as my hands ran down her sides and my thumbs caressed the sides of her breasts. When my fingertips reached the waistline of her slacks they curled under the waistband and rode around it to the front. I unhooked the clasp and unzipped the front of her light gabardine pants. Once her slacks were loose I ran my hands back to her sides and slowly slid her pants down to her ankles and off, she had kicked off her low pumps as I was getting my drink. She wore black thigh high stockings and high cut silk panties of a slate blue color that matched the blouse that lay open at her sides.

"Is it me, or are you a little overdressed?" she asked as she was down to her underwear and I had yet to remove anything but my jacket and tie.

"Patience, girl, patience. There's a whole bunch of experiences you're going to have, each in time," was my reply from between her legs as I kissed her belly. I hooked my fingers into the waist of her panties and slid them off. While I was down at the foot of the bed I kissed the sole of her right foot and bound it with the Dior tie to the post on the headboard. Next I ran my hands from the top of her right thigh down to her ankle and kissed that foot as I bound it with the Robinson tie to its post. She was now down to her stockings and bound spread-eagle to the queen-size bed.

Goosebumps rose against her creamy skin as I once again moved up and kissed her belly and she strained against her bonds. Her whole body seemed to tense with frustration and anticipation. This was a woman used to getting what she wanted when she wanted it and now she was helpless as I made her wait. My mouth worked its way down her tight abdomen as I slinked my tongue slowly down to her crotch. The heat rising from it was palpable as her aroma rose to my nose. "Mmmm," I purred as I drank in her musk. I opened my mouth and drew it closer to her until I knew she could feel my breath upon her pussy. A low moan of frustration and mounting desire escaped her as I turned my head to kiss her thigh.

She pulled hard against the ties as I ran my fingers to the black, silky hair that formed a neat triangle above her crotch. She was trying desperately to thrust her sex onto my lips, but it was just out of reach. I imagine she felt like Tantalus, always reaching to the sweet fruit on the branches just overhead as it kept withdrawing from his grasp in the wind.

Reaching under her, my hands softly kneaded the firm ass that had tormented me in the elevator earlier, all the while I continued planting tender kisses down her leg, my mouth retreating from where she needed it so badly. I swabbed her ankle with the tip of my tongue and then down to the sole of her foot. My hands were now lower on her legs, the backs of my fingers slowly caressing her thighs. When I felt her wetness reach them I began the slow journey up her other leg, kissing, licking my way up. I stopped at her knee and spent some time working over the supple back of it with my lips before continuing on. Finally I had reached her honey pot. "Oh God," she groaned as I kissed it delicately.

"You fucking BASTARD!" she screamed as I withdrew. She was staring lasers into my eyes as she looked up and saw my head hovering above hers. She saw a devilish grin on my lips, which were glistening, with her juices.

"Why, whatever could be wrong?" I asked with mock perplexion. "Here I am trying my darnedest to show you a good time, and you don't seem to be liking it too much. I hope I'm doing a satisfactory job."

A tear rolled down her temple from one big, angelic brown eye. "Kiss me," she pleaded quietly. I lowered myself until our lips met and we kissed briefly, then she thrust her hips up and ground them against mine as she licked her musk from my lips. "God, I need it. Please let me cum, please." Her words combined with her hips grinding away were heavenly and my manhood responded instantly. I felt a slick wetness in my pants and wasn't sure if it cam from her or me, most likely both.

I slid down and kissed her nipples, taking each between my moistened lips in turn. She hissed as my tongue lashed momentarily over each and I continued on my way down. Further and further I traveled, across her toned belly and through her fine, soft nether hair. I reached her crotch and took a moment to appreciate my handiwork. Her thighs shimmered as they were covered with her juices, which had also darkened the sheets below her. I could smell her from my full height kneeling between her prone legs.

Then, finally I leaned down, and with a last kiss on her soft mound ran my tongue up her slick labia. She let out a long, low moan that told me just how badly she needed release. I burrowed my tongue into her and pulled her labia between my lips and was rewarded with my first full taste of the hothouse flower I'd been lusting for since I first laid eyes on her. She tasted of warm chocolate and it did not surprise me to find her so sweet to yet another sense. I spent a moment savoring this experience before I slowly and reluctantly drew my tongue out of her and flicked it up and down between her labia.

I unbuttoned my shirt as I knelt between her thighs, my tongue all the while dancing over and between her labia. When I had removed it I stroked her sides with my hands until they reached her ample breasts and massaged them gently. She bent her legs at the knees and managed to grip my head fiercely between her thighs and ground her pussy into my face. She pulled her hips down to position her rock hard clit over my mouth and gyrated to grind it against my slick lips. I ran on hand down her quivering body and under her to once more squeeze her magnificent ass. With my palm and fingers under her I slid my thumb into her pussy while tugging at her clit with my lips. "Ai, yes papi, don't stop, never stop, fuck yes," was her response. I wiggled my thumb until I found the hard sweet spot with my knuckle against it. I ground my knuckle into it and continued to wiggle my thumb up and down inside her while my tongue whipped feverishly at the pleasure nub between my lips.

My teasing must have brought her very close before I went to work and I felt her body tense beneath me. Her back arched up off the bed, driving her crotch harder against my face. My thumb was being pulled deeper into her as her pussy began to contract and grip it. Her breathing became heavy and fast as her climax began and her thighs bore down on my head with incredible strength. I heard a quick tearing sound as the stitching in my tie around her wrists began to give as she pulled on it. I pulled her clit deeper into my mouth and sucked on it and her muscles petrified. No breath or sound passed her lips for close to a minute as her whole body was wracked with orgasm. Only until her body relaxed and floated back down to the bed did her breathing resume. With a final kiss I rose up from between her thighs.

Feeling her cum beneath me had done the final job of arousing me fully. My cock was straining against my no longer crisp cotton boxers. I rose from the bed and stripped off my pants and socks before ambling over to the mini bar. I got some ice for my long forgotten drink and headed over to the nightstand on which it stood. As I swirled my re-chilling vodka in the highball I stared down at the naked angel who was smiling behind closed eyes as she lay peacefully on the bed, still bound to it.

"My God, that was… If I could bottle that I'd be a wealthy woman." Her head turned up towards mine and her eyes opened lazily. She peered into me and glowing after her orgasm she radiated a beauty that I've never before witnessed in a woman. She seemed to me as perfect and pristine as an uncharted forest after the snow.

As she came to she realized that I had stripped. Her eyes crawled down my exposed body and I could see she enjoyed what had been revealed. I had tried hard to keep in shape when my playing days ended and it had paid off. I stood before her as one hundred sixty pounds of tightly wrapped muscle and she licked her smiling lips as her eyes kept moving slowly down until she found the one she was waiting to see.

My cock stood out at full attention in front of me. Still bound to the bed she reached her head out, straining her flexibility. Finally at the end of her tether she reached her tongue out and managed to extend the tip of it far enough to lick up the rivulet of pre-cum that had formed at the tip. My knees weakened as I felt her warm tongue brush so slightly against me and I almost dropped my glass. Unable to resist I took a step forward and her hot mouth engulfed my manhood, easily and slowly accepting it's entire length. Her lips sealed around the base and she retreated back into a more comfortable position on he bed. Even though she was bound she held me prisoner to her whims and like a slave I followed where her talented mouth led. I walked forward and got onto the bed with her trying to keep my cock where she had it. She kept retreating until finally I was straddling her chest. Her head rocked back and forth as she sucked on my throbbing unit. Her tongue danced a furious meringue under the pulsating shaft between her lips.

Her head pulled all the way back until just the crown of my cock was I her mouth. Her soft, full lips parted just enough to let her skillful tongue swirl around my head before she finally released it. She craned her neck down and licked my shaft from the base up and planted a strong, sucking kiss on the spot just below the head before. "So, suave, how much gas have you got left in the tank?" she asked. "I mean what's good for the goose, right?" With that she jerked herself up using the tie as leverage and I found my member slipping snugly between her large breasts. They enveloped me like a warm, fleshy featherbed. They were firm enough to apply gently pressure on my cock without being squeezed together manually, yet her supple skin made them as soft and luxuriant as a sable coat. I leaned forward and again gently massaged her breasts as I slowly pumped my cock between them. She arched her back and slid me far enough forward to be able to reach the head of my cock with her mouth. She swirled her tongue over it as I thrusted forward. "Anywhere else you'd like to put that?"
