 "Son of a Bitch!" Sherry Growled as the temperature gage in her car pegged out on the big red H on her dash. As her car began to sputter she pulled her car off to the side of the road. It was well over 100 degrees on the cusp of an on coming storm, and this was not how she had planned her afternoon 

She emerged from the injured vehicle clad in a white sundress that left nothing to the imagination as it clung to her sweaty body. She popped the hood, and the hiss of her radiator confirmed what she suspected. As she walked around to the trunk of the car to retrieve the water jug to replenish the radiator, she noticed a body repair shop that was down the road. 

Tossing her long blond hair over her shoulder, Sherry filled the water reservoir. It was hot, and she knew that standing out in this humidity was going to get old quickly, and being caught in a storm was even worse. She decided to walk up to the body shop and see if they had a soda machine, and possibly a tow truck if the water did not do the trick. 

As she approached a tanned man straddling the hydraulic lift in the garage area, she noticed how he was wearing wranglers and boots. 

"Hey boots," she commented, "How does it feel to have all that power between your legs? Do ya'll have a soda machine...?" She froze as saw his face. It was he. It was Jack.

"Sherry? Oh my god, what are you doing her?"

"I live here, what in the hell are you doing here?"

Un-straddling the lift, Jack winked, "I see you have not lost your wit. I am here for the summer before I head back to Texas. It's a temporary gig until I can get my own shop up and running back in Fort Worth.

Sherry pointed down the road at her car. "That's mine and its overheated, do ya'll have a tow truck if it will not start for me?"

Yeah we have a truck, hang on, and let me tell the boss I am going to go check out your car. " He said with a twinkle in his eye.

"Is that all you are going to check out?

He gave her the smile that even a seven years absence couldn't forget, as he walked back to the shop office. She wet her lips as she admired the tense muscles of his trim body. 

Sherry had not seen him in seven years. They had dated for several months, but both had moved on with their lives. She never dreamed she would see him again, and especially on a day like this. Naughty thoughts crept into her mind as she smiled brushing the stray hair off of her sticky forehead, and into a clip from her bag. 

As she pulled the hair off her back and up onto her head, Jack could not help but notice the familiar arch of her back, and how her chest and shoulders glistened in the hot rays of the sun. Her hourglass figure seemed to call to him as he walked towards her.

Side by side as they walked to her car, she could see the perspiration on the back of his neck. Before she realized what she was doing, she reached over and ever so gently ran her fingers across his neck, and returned her fingers to her mouth to taste his salty sweetness.

She stopped and looked at her. The sight of her chest as the skimpy dress clung to her damp breasts caused a stirring in his groin. He took her keys from her hand, and walked to her car to see if it had cooled down. Lord knows he was burning up himself, and it had nothing to do with the heat outside.

As he tried fruitlessly to crank the engine, he noticed Sherry rolling the icy can of soda down her neck and across her chest. Between the sweat from the can, and her own, he could see her taut nipples through the thin fabric. 

"Well," he said trying to be business like, "It seems to either be flooded, or it's still just too hot to start. If you would like I can have it towed for you?"

"Sure works for me", Sherry said as she peeled a strand of her long hair off her cheek to let it fall limply on her supple breast, "Will you be driving the tow truck?"

"If you want me to be I can be."

"Yes I want you."

"To drive the truck?"

"Yes, ...to drive the truck." She winked.

As he got the car onto position, the stiffness in his pants seemed to grow. It had been a long time since he had seen her, and like a poison gas he felt powerless in her presence.

As they silently started the drive back to Sherry's house, his cock seemed to grow with each bump in the road. Unsure of what to say, he looked with the corner of his eye over at Sherry. Startled, he realized she had slipped the top of her dress off of her shoulders exposing her large round breasts to the breeze blowing in through the air conditioner vent. Her skin silken and smooth and her tanned breasts and erect nipples seemed to scream at him to touch them. Even with the cool air blowing, there was still beads of sweat that had formed on her full breasts. 

Feeling the bulge below his belt grow to its full length, Jack stopped the truck on the quiet country road.

"Sherry," Jack mustered as he collected himself, "You are so beautiful, and as great as it is to see you again, I have to tell you, I want you so bad right now. I am not sure I can just sit here and watch you... "

"Watch me what?" Sherry asked provocatively as she arched her back and raised her dress as she ran her fingers up her thigh.

"...Watch you, just be here, with me... in this truck --"

"-- What do you want Jack?"

"You..." He whispered to her

Sherry leaned her voluptuous body towards him and breathed, "Show me...".

With those words Jack firmly placed his lips on hers. She invitingly teased his tongue with hers, and reached down to his full cock. Finding his zipper, he released his cock for her. Slowly her fingers stroked up his lengthening shaft and then swept back down. The tantalizing caress caused him to grow even harder, yet for now he was content with that motion; a slow stoking that was more of a tease than anything else.

His mouth found its way to her breasts, and tenderly he caressed her supple skin with his mouth, finding her nipples, first the left, then the right, softly teasing them with his tongue. Pinching her nipples with his teeth, making her flinch and moan with pleasure and desire, then flicking and sucking them in time to the stroking of his cock.

Touching her soft skin, he felt the warmth of her pussy as his hand traveled up her thigh. Upon reaching her damp panties, he hooked a finger into their cotton crotch and felt the shaved smoothness of her. She moaned in pleasure and he felt her hips grinding against his hand. 

Slowly he parted her lips and found her clit. Slowly he began touching her as the sweet musky scent began to waft to his nose. Her aroma aroused him even more as he placed one finger inside her to feel her moist heat as his mouth traveled to the small sensitive place on her neck. As she moaned Jack inserted two more fingers inside her, while still rubbing her clit with his thumb. He felt her juices begin to flow from his touch.

In the close quarters of the trucks cab, Jack kicked his boots off and slid his jeans to the floor, giving Sherry more access to her task at hand. With Jack sitting in the drivers seat, Sherry knelt on all fours across the passenger bench with her face in his lap. As she opened her mouth to take his cock deep into her throat, he squeezed her breasts and slid her panties down her ass. He gave her ass a good slap causing her to moan with desire, before began fingering her ass.

Jack looked down at his raging hard on, and watching Sherry taking it to the base, deep in her throat. She began to moan and hum as she worked her full wet lips up and down his cock. He moaned as he began thrusting his hips upward to meet her strokes. She cupped his balls in her hand and took turns sucking them as she stroked his cock. 

Jack grabbed her and straddled her across his lap. He felt her tightness inching down on him, as a shriek escaped her lips as she plunged the last half of his cock all the way into her throbbing hole. Her eyes rolled back into her head as she remembered his size. Slowly she began rubbing her hips against his, pressing her clit against him and feeling him so deep inside of her. 

As he pumped his cock into her hot pussy, she arched her back and he smothered his face into her tits, sucking and licking as she rode him. Sweat dripping from their bodies in the air-conditioned cab, he laid her back onto the bench seat, pulled off his soaking wet T-shirt, and began kissing her thigh until he reached her wet pussy. 

Gently his tongue worked its way around her lips, and softly parted them. With the skill of an artist, his tongue began painting an erotic masterpiece. As he began sucking and licking her clit, Sherry began to moan, and buck her hips against him. He firmly held her still as she cried out in ecstasy while he flicked and teased her clit.

"Fuck me Jack, Please, I want you..." Sherry gasped

"Suck my cock some more, take it all the way in this time, and take it deep." He ordered her.

Sherry knelt on the floor between his legs, as Jack sat in the passenger side of the truck. Seeing her damp face, with her hair sticking to it, while she worked his cock was incredible. She grabbed her head and gently forced her to take him deeper, and deeper, harder, and faster. Pulling her back up on him, he laid her back down on the bench, and slid himself into her again. Hooking her legs over his shoulders, he pumped his cock into her as hard as he could. She pressed her hips into his while she grasped the back of his head in pleasure as he suckled her breasts. Together they moved as one until both exploded into orgasms they had never known possible. 

Their bodies trembling and shuddering together, Sherry and Jack laid in silence as the rain outside fell around them.