 It was my 37th birthday but my first with my new girlfriend/partner. We had been together for just over 6 months. We had enjoyed a pretty enjoyable sex life and were open to trying new things throughout our relationship. She was a few years older than me turning 40 a month later. We had shared some fantasies and engaged in a few firsts within our 6 months together.

On this day, I had been staying elsewhere the night before and then headed straight to work and arrived back at her place prior to her getting home. I had got changed and spent some time relaxing before she got home from work. We had prepared a light meal and eaten together before having some cake. I had then gone to have a shower and relax. Upon completion I laid on the bed relaxing while she went and had a shower herself. When she joined me in the bedroom. WOW!

As she re-entered the room she was dressed in Thigh High Stockings, suspender belt and a sexy G-string and bra. "Happy Birthday babe" she said. She came and gave me a deep kiss before taking my hands and applying leather cuffs to each wrist. She tells me to roll over so I am laying on my stomach. She then connects the cuffs to the underbed restraint kit she must have pulled out from its hiding spot earlier. The room was warm with the heater working as its winter. She then places a blindfold over my eyes and turns out the light. The room is lit only by candle light now so I can barely see anything. She then places a ball gag in my mouth and secures it firmly behind my neck so I can't talk. She now secured my ankles with the nylon underbed restraint kit and then moves in between my legs. She takes a satin cuff and places it around my neck like a collar and gives it a tug letting me know she is in control. Securing it firmly but not so tight that I cannot breathe. She then takes some oil and starts massaging me giving me a sexy massage, down my back, arms and legs then starts massaging my ass cheeks. She then spanks me firmly with her hand as I grunt into the gag. Spanking me over and over again. Until she has spanked me some 10 times. She then moves off the bed and I cant see it then next thing I feel is a leather paddle raining down blows on my ass one after another after another until my ass is nice and red.

After I have been paddled and am panting she pours some oil on my ass crack and proceeds to finger my ass, one finger working it in and out then a second until she pulls them out and then I feel a small object pushing at my ass and I realise she has secretly purchased a small butt plug to slide into my ass. She works it in and out until it pops in. She is saying all manner of naughty things to me at this point. Now she undoes my left arm and connects it to the restraint where my right arm is then swpas the right to the left then tells me to roll over after undoing my legs which I do. Then she resecures my leg. The next thing I feel is her amazing mouth sucking my cock. Blowing me expertly like she does, playing with my balls driving me wild. After about 5-10 minutes of this the next thing I feel is the gag being removed and her pussy hitting my face and she face sits me and demands I lick her smoothe pussy. I start to eat her out as she grinds on my face while playing with my nipples and cock and balls. After about about 10-15 minutes of pussy eating she cums loudly and then moves to my cock while the buttplug is still in me and works her way onto my rock hard cock dripping with precum. She rides me as she plays with my balls and talking dirty to me, lowering down to kiss me and get close as she works me into a mind blowing orgasm. As I cum I explode inside her hot wet pussy and as I finish I am panting as she slides up my body, she holds my nose closed and demands I lick her messy pussy clean and I am forced to open wide as her pussy drips into my mouth as she holds my nose until I start licking her focusing on her clit until she has had enough after about 5 minutes.

She now starts to play with the buttplug, gently slapping it, tugging at it, working my ass again, all the while I am still blindfolded, she then moves off the bed and tells me to lift my ass up which I comply with. She places a pillow under my lower back, raising my ass up a little she then I feel her remove the buttplug. She then moves in between my legs again and moves in close and I feel her pushing what can only be a strapon into my ass. She slowly works its way into me with my gradual thrusts. Until she is fucking my ass with her strapon. Only a small beginner size at this point as we don't have experience with strapon sex yet. After a while I am rock hard again and she starts jerking me off as she thrusts in and out of me until I am cumming hard all over my stomach and her hand which she proceeds to lick up before untying me and coming and laying in my arms.

Best Birthday ever!