 CHAPTER 4 - A VISIT TO THE CITY

Bagoas the eunuch, Overseer of the Governor's Harem, strode across the courtyard of the Taourirt Kasbah. As he neared his chambers he motioned to the young eunuch sitting on the ground outside them. Entering his chamber, he seated himself on a comfortable seat as Hamid, his body servant and chosen protege, bowed before him.

"Hamid, I have received great news from the master. He travels soon to Casablanca on business, and while there he intends to visit the slave market and buy several new household slaves. But what concerns me is that we will also visit the section of the market where the harem slaves are sold and choose a new girl for his harem. His wealth and power continue to grow and he wants to show it by his choice of select girls in the harem. Therefore I will accompany him to Casablanca, and as my body servant you will go along."

Hamid was excited at a new phase of his training. In over 8 years, since he was purchased as a slave shortly after he was gelded, the 18 year old eunuch had never left this small desert outpost of Ouarzazate. Bagoas had taught him much about the harem slave girls, and the thought of assisting in the training of a new one was thrilling. Hamid hoped some day to be as important a personage as his mentor and was learning all he could.

After much preparation, the Governor's caravan set out for Casablanca. Donkeys, camels, palace officials, servants, herdsmen all made a great crowd. The Governor's personal wagon was impressive and had a special driver and several slaves to maintain it. Next greatest conveyance in the train was the harem wagon. The new girl would return to Ouarzazate in it, but for now its silken pillows were at the disposal of Bagoas and Hamid. As one of the least important characters in this train, Hamid was delighted to find himself in such luxury.

Arriving in Casablanca after several days i, the caravan stopped at the palace of a local official who was a friend and ally of the Governor. Bagoas and Hamid, of course, were sent off to the eunuch's quarters, where Bagoas lost no time in making his position known. He was received with great honor by Magari, Overseer of this Palace's harem, a dark fat Nubian eunuch. Soon Bagoas was feasting, joking and gambling with the Overseer as old friends.

The next morning, Bagoas told Hamid, "The Governor will be occupied today on business.  Magari has graciously consented to let us inspect the slavegirls in this harem. Perhaps it will help me advise the master when he makes his choice. You may follow, but be completely silent and only do what Magari tells you to do." They crossed the courtyard, and climbed to a door guarded by ancient eunuchs, just as it was at home. Entering the common room, they saw several of the harem girls lounging around on pillows. Bagoas nudged Hamid and pointed to a latticed door, exactly like that on the chambers of their Governor's wife. Hamid gave a slight nod, and resolved to keep far away from that door. Bagoas pointed to a pillow in the far corner and Hamid seated himself on it, silent as the moon over the oasis.

Magari clapped his hands and the five girls of the harem lined up and bowed respectfully to him. As they did, the tops of their gowns all fell forward and their breasts were displayed in a manner designed to tantalize men. Neither Magari, Bagoas nor Hamid did anything but notice the effect with professional interest. Magari pointed to the first girl in the line and she stepped forward and dropped her robe.  She was a beautiful Abyssinian girl and her black skin glistened with oils she had applied to it. Her large round breasts had large areolas, dark even against her black skin, and large nipples protruding from them. Her belly was slightly rounded as the Moors preferred it. Her pubic mound was large and round, and shaved totally clean, so that the dark lips of her pussy were easily seen below the mound.

"Let Bagoas see how well you are shaved, Kaneefa," said Magari. Readying for the test well known to eunuchs, the black slavegirl went to a bench and put one foot up on it, leaving her pubic mound and her pussy exposed. Bagoas knew well what to do, and he knelt near her and rubbed his totally hairless cheek against her pussy. He then rose and gave Magari an approving nod.

Magari pointed to the second girl. She dropped her robe to reveal a lithe, slender body of a fine dark coppery color. Bagoas recognized her race, but for the benefit of Hamid he said, "Ah, a Nubian from the south of Egypt, master Magari. That mix of Arabian and Abyssinian produces striking girls." This girl had pointed breasts with large dark areolas surrounding upstanding nipples. Her belly was tight and her pubic mound was shaven as smooth as the Abyssinian girl's. Magari motioned for her to spread her legs and she presented to Bagoas' professional inspection her pussy lips of a darker brown than the surrounding skin of her thighs, standing out noticeably. Again Bagoas nodded in professional approbation.

Now Magari motioned for two girls to stand up side by side. "Master Bagoas, a special treat. These girls are twins from the Berber tribe, captured in a raid against those thieving nomads. They are identical in every way." The two girls dropped their robes and posed side by side, each turning slightly toward the other as they had been taught. Indeed they were identical in every way. Beautiful faces with high cheekbones, long black hair and long black eyelashes, and round breasts which were not large, but were perfectly shaped with dark nipples standing up in each of the four identical mounds. Traveling down their bodies Bagoas' gaze passed over their tight bellies with protruding belly buttons, identical even there. But he then saw that there was indeed one difference in these twins. One of them, like the other girls, was perfectly clean shaven on her pussy mound, but the other showed a natural growth of curly black hair, trimmed back only from the lips of her slit. 

Magari laughed and said, "I must have some way to tell them apart! As you know, some men prefer the shaven and others the unshaven. Here a man can have both at once!" Bagoas joined Magari in his laughter. He noticed that Magari made a small sign to the girls, and they disappeared into one of the curtained alcoves.

"But now," said Magari, "the prize of the harem." The last girl stood up from the shadows where she had been half hidden, and Bagoas gasped. This was a girl like none he had ever seen. He knew the Egyptians, the Moors, the Berbers, the Nubians, and the Abyssinians. He even had in his care in the Governor's Palace a Spanish girl, and he had once seen in the market a girl from the far country of France, light of skin and hair unlike any Moor. But a girl as white as this he had never seen. She dropped her robe and her white body fairly shone compared to the other girls. Wonder of wonders, her hair was red, not dyed with henna as some Moorish women did, but an actual fiery red color. Her white face was skillfully made up with reddish powder on the cheeks and carmine on her lips, making them a brighter red than Bagoas had seen on dark skinned girls.

Her tits were white as milk, and a pink confection of a nipple stood in the middle of each. Her tits were surprisingly large for such a small girl, and the nipples were too, but their perfection was outstanding. Her belly was smooth and white, sporting a small navel which accented its perfection. And below it, on her pubic mound, Bagoas beheld with amazement a sparse nest of curly red hair so thin that the white skin flashed behind it. At Magari's tap she spread her legs to show a fine white pussy with dainty pink lips. Bagoas shook his head in wonderment. "Where are girls like this to be found, master?" he inquired.

Magari beamed with pride at having stunned his fellow Harem Master. "She comes from a strange place, Bagoas, and was captured by Barbary pirates raiding in the Northern Seas. Her kind come only rarely to the market. Heath-er," he said, pronouncing the strange name tentatively, "Tell Bagoas the strange name of your land." 

Heather cast her eyes down, and said softly, but pronouncing the syllables carefully, "Ire-land, lord." 

"By Allah the beneficent,the merciful, whose name be ever praised, I must search out such a rare beauty for my master," exclaimed Bagoas. 

Magari explained to Bagoas the section of the market which sometimes held girls captured by the pirates, and Bagoas noted it with care.  "Feel free to examine her carefully, my friend," said Magari.

Bagoas approached the red haired girl and examined her as he would a slave in the market. First he checked her teeth, and looked carefully into her eyes. Then he ran his hands over her body. He started at her smooth shoulders, then down to her round breasts. He squeezed them gently, and rolled the nipples between his fingers. Nodding in approval, he then ran his hand down her smooth belly and even probed a finger into her navel. "She is skinny and her belly is not rounded," he said, "but it is true some men prefer them that way." 

Magari nodded and said, "Indeed my master enjoys variety in his nights." 

Bagoas then turned the girl around and caressed her firm round butt.  Hamid was watching from his corner the entire time, learning from Bagoas' professional skill. Of course none of the eunuchs had any interest otherwise, and none were stimulated.

Bagoas pushed gently on the girl's back, and she obediently bent forward, presenting her white ass for his inspection. Magari handed him a pot of ointment and he lubricated his fingers before probing in the girl's exposed pussy. She wiggled her hips a bit as he did, and he lightly slapped her butt and said, "None of that, girl!" He then reached around and felt her tits, pulled her upright and turned her around again. His hand went to her pubic mound, covered with that light downy red hair. He rubbed it gently and said to Magari, "Like none I have ever seen or felt on a slave." Then his lubricated finger probed between her legs and pushed up into the slit there. As he rubbed, the outer lips swelled and he pulled them open so the inner lips came out, a deeper pink than the pale white skin of the girl's thighs. Bagoas noted this carefully and then removed his hand from the pussy. His inspection finished he curtly motioned the girl back to the pillows. "I shall have to visit the pirate's section of the market, my friend. Thank you for this information." The Irish girl sat on the cushions looking slightly forlorn.

"It is my pleasure, friend," said the master of this harem. "And now, I want you to see something special in dancing girls." He clapped his hands twice, and one of the identical Berber twins appeared in front of the curtain of their alcove, swaying prettily. Bagoas noticed that she was the one with the shaved pussy, and just then she swirled behind the curtain to appear again at its other side. Her back to them she wiggled her butt nicely then turned slowly showing her pretty boobs as she turned. Bagoas chuckled lightly as he saw this was not the same girl, but instead the unshaven one. She disappeared again behind the curtain. Then from the right side of the curtain her leg appeared, moving sinuously. It came out just far enough to show her shaved pussy with its dark lips, then went back behind the curtain and then from the left side her other leg appeared. But as the curtain was pulled back slowly the hairy pussy was revealed here. The leg was pulled in and on the right one of the girls appeared, her head and one tit visible above and her hip and leg below, but the curtain covering the other tit and her crotch. Slowly she pulled the curtain back. Getting the joke now, Bagoas waited to see which twin it was. Again, the unshaven pussy appeared. She withdrew and appeared similarly on the left side, her face, one tit and her leg flashing out, then slowly the curtain showed, once again, the hairy pussy. Quickly she darted to the other side of the curtain, and again pulled aside to show -- a shaven pussy!

Bagoas was now laughing aloud. In the corner, Hamid smothered his giggles with a pillow. Now the shaved girl emerged from behind the curtain, put out her hand and took the hand of the unshaven one and pulled her out. The both of them turned to face each other, pressing close and rubbing their tits together. In this position they slowly turned around, then began to spin until it was hard to keep track of the flashing butt cheeks as they passed by. Suddenly they separated, their butts to the audience and still holding hands. They swayed gently back and forth, and then slowly bent over. Bagoas chuckled as he made his mental bet on the right hand pussy, but as they bent and spread their legs he could see he was wrong, for between their legs the shaven mound appeared on the right and the pussy hair on the left.

Now the girls turned to the audience again, and each covered her crotch with her right hand. They swayed toward the watchers, then began darting back and forth, in front of and behind each other, always covering their pussies. Once again Bagoas struggled to keep his eye on the hairy one, just as he had watched the pea under the nutshells in the market when he was young and foolish. Moving swiftly, now turning so their butts were toward him, now spinning again until he could see the hand covering their pussies, the girls presented a pretty puzzle. Then they stopped, raised their left hands over their heads, shook their shoulders so their pretty boobs wiggled, and posed with their pussies still covered. Bagoas again made his mental bet. Then the girls threw their right hands in the air, and Bagoas saw that he had won, correctly putting the hairy girl on the left.

Now the girls lay on the pillows. Each raised her legs high, displaying her pussy clearly. The shaven one was pure smooth skin, and the other showed its dark lips below the curly dark hair. Each girl put her hand down and spread the lips of her cunt, showing the soft pinkness inside. Then they rolled toward each other and locked legs, so that each pussy was pressed up against a leg of the other. Quickly they began rolling over and over on the pillows, first one pretty ass and then the other on top, but always keeping their legs pressed tight hiding their pussies. One way they rolled, then back the other, writhing. Bagoas realized that a group of men watching this show, and betting on the results, would be far more distracted than he was and would have a hard time keeping track of pussy hair with their mind on flashing butts and pretty legs.

The girls stopped, and lying on their sides slowly unlocked their legs and pointed their toes in the air. Bagoas clapped his hands as he had won again, keeping track of the hairy one and correctly placing it on the left. The girls now rose, panting a bit from their exertion. Holding hands, they made a delightful picture with their identical faces, identical round breasts, identical pointed nipples, and identical pussy mounds differentiated only by the hair on one. Bagoas was charmed. "By Allah, a fine show!" he said. "And an opportunity for your master's guests to throw their gold on the table in wagers, no doubt."

"Ah, yes," replied Magari. "Betting on the hair is a popular sport among my master's friends. Much money has been lost when a girl's flowers turned out to be smooth instead of hairy!" Magari then clapped his hands, and suddenly all five girls disappeared behind the curtain. "Now a game to test your memory, my friend," he said.

He pulled aside the curtain and showed another behind it. This curtain had a circular opening cut into it part way up. Bagoas laughed and said, "I think I know this game, my friend. May I beg you that my young servant be taught how to play?"

Magari laughed at this, He turned to Hamid trying to be unobtrusive in the corner and motioned him over. "Hamid, my lad," he said, "if you ever hope to fill the place of such a master of the harem as my friend Bagoas, you must show your mental powers. You have been watching all these girls tonight?"

Hamid was highly embarrassed to be even noticed by this Harem Master, but he shakily said, "Yes indeed, my lord."

"it is well," Magari chuckled. "Now Bagoas will have taught you that the lovely rounded rears of the girls are a great attraction to men. So here is the game. Behind the curtain, you will see five moons appear one at a time. You must use your memory, and after five have appeared you will deliver the list as you remember it." Hamid could see Bagoas chuckling as he received his instructions Swallowing deeply he moved toward the curtain as Magari called out, "One!"

Hamid had no trouble as a black butt with shiny rounded cheeks appeared in the hole in the curtain. "Abyssinian," he filed in his mind. The butt shook around a bit, clenched its cheeks, and then its owner bent forward so her shaved black pussy showed briefly in the circle. "Yes, the Abyssinian." Hamid felt safe on that one.

Next a small pale bottom appeared in the hole. "Easy again," thought Hamid. "The one from Ire-land." The girl bent forward, showing pink pussy lips and a flash of light red down. Hamid was secure in his second choice.

As he had feared, the next ass to appear in the hole was a dark one, possibly either one of the Berber girls or the Nubian beauty.  To help him, hands came back and pulled the cheeks apart and the girl bent forward to show a clean shaven brown pussy. Hamid made a desperate guess that it was the shaven Berber twin.

The next ass that appeared was identical to it, so Hamid knew this must be the other twin and his guess was correct. As the girl bent over, dark hair appeared around her pussy and Hamid breathed a sigh of relief that he had four girls in order. The next he was sure he knew to be the dark Nubian.

But the ass that appeared in the opening was much darker than he had expected. Its glossy black color confused him, and the deep black pussy revealed when the owner bent over was even more disconcerting. Frantically he tried to remember the first dark ass, the one he had confidently assigned to the Abyssinian girl. Was this the Nubian, darker than he remembered? Or had he overestimated the darkness of that first black ass? He broke into a sweat, but the dark lips of the pussy finally convinced him that this was the Abyssinian after all, and the first must be the Nubian.

The final ass disappeared and Magari drew the curtain. "Now, young eunuch who aspires to so much, give us your list," he said. Hamid drew a deep breath, and then quickly said, "The Nubian, then the pale girl, then the shaved twin and the unshaven one, and last the Abyssinian girl." At this Bagoas and Magari both laughed deeply. Hamid cringed at what they might say. 

"My son," said Bagoas, "you must learn to listen to what is said. When we set you this task, we only said five round moons would be presented to you. Never did we say that each must belong to a different slave." Then the Abyssinian girl and the Nubian emerged from behind the curtain naked. Each turned her back to Hamid and both bent over displaying their round butts to his gaze. They bent forward and pulled their cheeks apart so he could clearly see their shaven pussies between their legs and the pink insides.

Bagoas laughed as the girls twitched their butts and reached down to rub their pussies. Hamid could now clearly see how much blacker the Abyssinian was than the Nubian, and how her black pussy lips were darker than the Nubian's deep brown ones. "But, but..." he said, "were both the first and last moons the Abyssinian's all the time?" Both master eunuchs laughed.

"Yes, my boy, the black girl showed your her dark moon twice. You should have gone with your powers of observation instead of expecting five different butts!" said Bagoas.

Magari, the fat Harem Master, kindly said, "But you will learn, lad. When you have served the harem as many years as Bagoas and I have, each round moon, each pair of breasts, each wet flower will have its own special look to you. Intact men cannot be expected to notice the subtle differences in female flesh, because their throbbing organs distract their mind. But we who rule harems are different and have mental control they do not. Learn well your lesson, Hamid, and you will learn to profit from the difference we without balls have from those who are ruled by their cocks."
