 He called me at work on Thursday afternoon. He said he had a 6 o’clock meeting at work on Friday so he planned to spend Friday night at a local hotel instead of making the long trek home. A smile came to my face and I hoped he was getting ready to ask what I thought he was going to ask. . . 

“Can you come down and stay with me Friday night?” he asked.

“Of course!” I replied. “Where are you staying?”

He gave me directions to the hotel and I jotted them down quickly. When I hung up the phone, I smiled to myself and wondered how I’d make it through the next day and a half at work! I couldn’t wait to see him! We had talked on the phone several times, but we hadn’t seen each other in months. 

Instead of going to work the next day, I decided to spend the day resting and preparing for our rendezvous that night. After calling in sick, I went back to bed and slept a few more hours. I got up around 11:00, had brunch and packed an overnight bag. 

Around 5 o’clock, I started the long drive to his hotel. It was nearly 8 o’clock when I finally arrived. At last I stood at the door to his room. Suddenly I felt so nervous. I was trembling and my palms were sweating! 

I knocked on his door and waited. No answer. I knocked again. This time, the door swung open immediately. And there he was. . .he looked so handsome. 

“You look great!” I said, smiling.

“So do you.” He said, returning the smile. “Come in.”

I stepped inside. He closed & locked the door behind me. He took my jacket and overnight bag and laid them in a chair by the door.

He turned around and looked at me. I stepped closer to him and put my arms around his waist, laying my head on his chest. 

“I’ve missed you.” I whispered, only half successful at controlling the emotions in my voice.

He didn’t say anything, but put his arms around me and held me tight. I squeezed my eyes shut and took a deep breath, trying to regain my composure. The nervousness was gone now. I began to relax in his arms.

After a moment, I tilted my head back and looked up at him, smiling. He kissed me, his lips pressing softly against mine. I parted mine slightly and he slid his warm moist tongue into my mouth gently. 

We undressed each other silently. I dropped to my knees and took his dick in my hand, stroking it firmly. I kissed and licked it lovingly. It was getting hard and he moaned his approval. I took it into my mouth and sucked hard. I began to stroke it steadily, fucking him with my mouth. He tasted so good. I looked up at him.

“Come on. Let me make love to you.” he said.

I stood up and he led me to the bed. We lay down together. He positioned himself between my thighs and smiled down at me. I put my arms around his neck and pulled his face to mine. 

“I want you. . .” I whispered as I pressed my lips to his and pushed my tongue into his mouth, kissing him passionately. I felt his hard dick against my thigh and I knew he wanted me to.

He reached down and took hold of his cock and rubbed it back and forth across the steamy opening of my hungry pussy.

“Mmmm. . .you’re so wet. . .” he whispered. 

“For you. . .” I replied. “Take me, please, take me. . .”

He eased his hard cock into me gently, slowly. I whimpered as his manhood spread my soft, wet lips open. My body accepted him, embraced him. The walls of my hot pussy, slick with my warm velvety juices, enveloped him, squeezing him firmly inside me. My hips rose off the mattress, meeting his every stroke. I raised my legs and wrapped them around his waist. I tilted my hips up so that, on each down stroke, his pubic bone pressed against my swollen clit. He slipped his hands underneath me, cupping my ass in his hands and began to knead the soft flesh tenderly.

An orgasm began to build inside me. I was breathing hard, nearly panting. I began to moan and whimper, each stroke bringing me closer to ecstasy. He picked up the pace and I squeezed him harder inside me. 

“Oh baby. . .yes. . .” I whispered softly.

My climax started somewhere deep inside me. It grew and grew, taking over my mind, my body. I moaned louder and squeezed him harder, crying out, clinging to him, calling his name. My breath came in short gasps. My whole body began to shudder and every muscle tensed as I peaked over and over. 

As my body began to relax and my breathing slowed, he began to slow his strokes. 

“I love to watch you cum.” He said.

I smiled at him. “You love to MAKE me cum.” I said.

“Definitely.” He said, still stroking me slowly.

“Mmmmm. . .you feel so good inside me.” I said, leaning my head back and closing my eyes.

“I want to taste you.” He whispered, pulling his dick out of me. I watched him move down the bed until his face was between my thighs. He began to sample my sweet wetness. 

He massaged my dripping wet snatch with his hot tongue. God it felt so damn good! He sucked my swollen clit gently.

“Roll over.” He said.

I knew what he wanted, so I rolled over immediately, pulling my knees up under me and pushing my ass back toward him. I spread my knees farther apart so he could get a good look at my wet pussy and tight little puckered asshole. I began to whimper a little in anticipation. He licked my pussy gently then slowly ran his tongue from my pussy back to my asshole. A shiver ran down my spine as he began to trace circles around it with his tongue. 

“Oh god. . .” I moaned.

He licked my tight little asshole over and over until I thought I would scream from the pleasure. He pushed 2 fingers into my hot pussy and gently pushed his thumb into my ass. He stroked me with his hand for a long time. I began to rock forward and back, fucking his hand. 

“Does that feel good?” he asked.

“Oh, yes. . .” I whispered.

“I’ve got to get my dick back in that hot pussy.” He said.

He pulled his fingers and thumb out of me and grabbed my hips. I felt the head of his rock hard cock pressing against my pussy.

“Yes, fuck me. . .” I begged.

He pushed his cock into my steaming pussy and began to fuck me hard and deep, his smooth balls slapping against my ass. I pushed my ass up and back, spreading myself open for him as much as I could.

He pounded against my ass, fucking me harder than he ever had before. The sensations and the sounds of our lovemaking made us hotter, bringing us closer and closer to orgasm – the feel of his hard cock sliding in and out of me, his smooth balls slapping against my ass, our moans, our panting, the sound of his skin slapping against mine, the wet sounds of his hard cock thrusting into my hot wet pussy. 

His thrusts grew harder still, and more insistent. I sensed that he was close to cumming. I was too. 

“Fuck my pussy. . .Mmmmm. . .cum inside me!” I cried, so close to the edge.

He thrust his cock into me as hard and deep as he could, holding it there and groaning loud. My orgasm swept over me as I began to feel his hot cum filling my cunt. 

After we caught our breath, we took a long hot shower together. Then we curled up in the bed together and drifted off to sleep.

When I woke up the next morning, I was laying on my side. He was right behind me, his body pressed against mine. His hard dick was pressing against the back of my thigh. I moaned softly and pushed my ass back against him. 

“I want to fuck your ass.” He whispered in my ear.

I turned over and smiled at him. He kissed me softly on the lips. 

“Do you still want to give it to me?” he asked.

“Yes.” I said. “I still want to give it to you.” 

I got up on my hands and knees, spreading my ass open to him. 

He massaged my shoulders and ran his hands slowly down my back. Then he began to massage my ass and the back of my thighs. His hands felt so good on me. I turned my head and looked at him, my eyes pleading with him to take me. 

“Lick me. . .” I begged. “Please, I need you to lick my asshole. I need you to fuck it. Fuck it for me now. . .”

He licked my asshole slowly, up and down, side to side, around in circles, and finally plunged his tongue into it, causing me to gasp and cry out.

“Oh yes, baby, just like that. . .” I whispered.

He ran his tongue over my asshole again and again. I put my hand between my legs and began to rub my hard swollen clit. He pushed a finger into my pussy slowly. I moaned. He spread the wetness from my pussy onto my asshole. 

“Are you ready?” he asked.

“Yes.” I whispered.

I felt the tip of his hard cock pressing against my tight asshole. I trembled with anticipation, desire, need. He pushed the head in slowly. I groaned and pushed my ass back against him. He took his time entering my ass. He began to stroke it slowly, gently, allowing me time to adjust to the strange new sensation. 

“You okay?’ he asked gently, still stroking slowly.

“Oh yes. Your dick feels so good in my ass. . .” I answered breathlessly.

He continued stroking my ass, gradually picking up the pace and intensity of his stroke. I pushed my ass back against him, trying to get every inch of him inside me. 

“Damn, this feels so good. . .” he said. “It’s so tight. . .”

I moaned and whimpered, pushing my ass against him in response.

“You like me fucking that tight ass, don’t you?” he asked, stroking me harder and deeper now.

“Yes, baby. . .take it. . .!” I pleaded.

He did just that, fucking me harder and deeper, stretching my tight little asshole for his pleasure. I was in heaven! I had wanted to be the one to give this to him for so long! Now it was finally happening. Jesus, I couldn’t believe how good this felt!

With a loud groan, he buried his cock deep in my tight asshole. I cried out as we came together, his pulsing dick filling my ass with his hot cum. 

When our orgasms subsided, we collapsed on the bed together.

“Are you okay?” he asked.

I smiled at him and nodded my head. “Better than okay.” I replied.

A little while later, we took another long hot shower together. Afterward, he called room service and ordered some breakfast for us. While we ate, we talked & laughed just like we used to. 

When it was time to go, he walked me to my car.

I tossed my bag in the backseat and turned to him. I could feel the tears stinging my eyes. I hated saying ‘goodbye.’ There was no telling when I’d get to see him again. 

“Let’s try not to let months go by until we see each other again.” I whispered in his ear as I hugged him tightly. 

“It’s a deal.” He replied. He started to let go, but I hugged him tighter for a moment. I didn’t want to let go and I didn’t want him to see the tears slowly sliding down my cheeks. I brushed them away with the back of my hand. I loosened my hold on him a little and kissed his neck lightly as he released me. He kissed me on the cheek and smiled at me as I climbed into my car.

“Thanks for making the trip down here.” He said.

“My pleasure.” I said, winking at him. 

I started my car and watched him walk back to hotel. I pulled slowly out of the parking space. As I started to drive away, I looked up and saw him watching me from the door. I slammed on the brake and jumped out of the car, running toward him. He came out the door, looking confused.

“Did you forget something?” He asked.

“Yes,” I said. “I forgot to say thank you.” I hugged him again, pressing my body against his and squeezing him tight.

“Thanks? For what?” he asked.

“Just for being you.” I whispered in his ear.

This time, when he walked me to my car, I managed to get in and drive slowly away. As I headed for home, I prayed that it wouldn’t be months before I saw him again. . .