 Bagoas sat in the shade of a tree in the central courtyard of the Taourirt Kasbah in the desert of Morocco. He was a large person, well muscled due to his frequent exercise. Near him sat his body servant and protege, Hamid, just turned 18 and learning his trade. Hamid was fortunate to be apprenticed to such an important person as Bagoas, for Bagoas was Master of the Harem for Governor Glaouri. Someday Hamid aspired to such a high position himself. This meant, of course, that both Bagoas and Hamid were eunuchs. Their only path to power was through the favor of the Governor. Bagoas was careful to preserve his standing in order to enhance his power.

His face was impassive as he sat under the tree, but his mind was deep in careful thought. Things had not been the same recently in the Harem, and he sought the reason why. Only a few days ago, as told in Ch. 9, there had been a terrible scene when Durrah, the Pearl of Great Price, wife of the Governor, had flown into a fury and whipped the slave girls mercilessly. Something was clearly wrong between Durrah and the Governor to send her into such a mood. But Bagoas had no idea what it was, and his mind was troubled to know how it might affect him and his position in the palace.

As he pondered his options, a slave came and bowed before him. "Master Bagoas, His Excellency will see you."

Bagoas got to his feet. Often at this hour of the morning he would consult with the Governor regarding a choice of girls for the evening's pleasure. He entered the Governor's office, bowed low, and said, "May Allah the Fashioner of Forms bless Your Excellency with all good things."

The Governor looked deeply at Bagoas for a moment. Bagoas wondered what he was thinking about so seriously. Then, waving his hand as if to dispel troubling thoughts, the Governor simply said, "Bagoas, prepare all three of my harem slaves to serve me in one hour."

Bagoas hid his surprise. The Governor was not a young man, and he was a person of fixed habits. Each evening he called either for his wife, or for one of the slaves. Each evening he took his pleasure, as the Quran allows. Then he sent the girl back to the harem and went to bed.

But three girls, and not his wife, and in the morning? Never had he taken pleasure in this way before. Was there some reason for this? Did it somehow relate to the troubles in the harem? Bagoas' mind was in a whirl but he carefully held his face impassive as he bowed and murmured, "As you say, it shall be done, Excellency."

He walked across the courtyard deep in thought. As he passed the tree he waved to Hamid, who followed him in silence, but full of curiosity. Passing the armed eunuchs on guard, Bagoas and his apprentice climbed the stairs to the harem.

The central room, hung with tapestries and furnished with low pillows, was empty. Bagoas imperiously clapped his hands twice. There were stirrings behind three of the curtains. Bagoas, in a calm but commanding voice, said, "What, still dozing? Quickly, quickly, there is business to do."

One by one the three slaves emerged from behind their curtains, a bit disheveled but doing their best to appear attractive. The first out was Saiesha, the dark Abyssinian girl. Since her hair was braided into rows of wheat, she did not need to worry about arranging it. She had thrown on her gown of clinging stuff, which dipped low in front to show much of her large boobs, and accentuated the wide spread of her hips. Next was Maria, the fiery Spanish beauty. Her black hair showed signs of having been hastily brushed and was still standing wild around her face. Her pointed tits strained at the thin fabric of her gown.

Finally the third curtain parted and the newest slave girl, Brigette, emerged. She was a small girl of white skin and red hair, the prize of the Governor's harem. She said she came from the far country of Ire-land. Bagoas had purchased her from the notorious Barbary Pirates, and she realized that life in the Governor's harem was far preferable to being a toy of the pirates. Her green gown clung to her small tits and the tiny buds of her nipples pressed through it.

"Quickly," ordered Bagoas, "prepare to serve the Governor. We have but an hour. Hamid, assist them."

The girls looked at him in surprise. Hamid rushed to the chests along the wall and began taking out precious ointments and scents. Then he turned to the girls and said, "You heard the Master. Quickly, drop your gowns!"

This new tone of command in the apprentice seemed to amuse the girls. Quickly each loosened the top of her gown and dropped it to her feet. Hamid regarded them with a professional eye. Of course he felt no stirring in his loins at their nudity. To him it was merely a tool of his trade.

He examined Saiesha, and saw a beauty with shining black skin. Her teeth flashed white behind large lips. Her magnificent melons bore large round nipples of a mahogany color. Her belly was rounded, just to the taste of the Moorish men. Her clean shaven pubic mound swelled between her legs, and the dark lips of her pussy protruded from it. Her long legs were plumb and well shaped. She was a fine specimen of the Abyssinian slaves who were very popular in Morocco.

Next Hamid regarded Maria. The fiery Spanish girl was thinner than Saiesha, but still possessed of fine pointed tits and a small rounded belly. Her skin was bronze color and her pubic mound was smooth and sat above large protruding pussy lips.

Finally he looked at Brigette, the newest and youngest slave. He had helped her accept her fate, and adapt to life in the harem, and there was a sort of special bond between them. This girl was exotic for the Moroccan desert. Few had ever seen a girl with skin so white, small tits topped with such rosebud confections, a small firm white belly with a little sunken navel, and especially the nest of fine red hair which stood above her pink pussy lips. She was the only unshaven girl in the Governor's harem, although some Moorish men liked unshaven slaves because of the contrast with the Muslim women who all carefully plucked their pubic hairs.

"Let me inspect your flowers," demanded Hamid. Bagoas smiled at the progress his shy apprentice was making. The girls obediently went to a bench and put one foot up on it, thus opening their pussies for Hamid. He tested the first two girls in the age old way of eunuchs. As he had absolutely no beard, his cheeks were soft and smooth. Rubbing them against the girl's pussy enabled him to assure himself that the pubic mound was totally hairless and smooth also. First at Saiesha, and then at Maria, he pronounced himself satisfied.

Brigette, of course, did not get this test. Instead Hamid gently ran his hand over her soft hair, merely making sure that it was neatly trimmed. Softly he ran a finger over her slit and caressed her clit for just a second, flashing her a small smile as he did so. Although he could not take pleasure himself, he knew what the girls enjoyed. Brigette smiled back at him in her winning way.

He stepped back and nodded. The each girl picked up a pot of unguent and began to prepare each other. Saiesha and Maria, from long practice, knew just what to do. Each rubbed the precious scent into the others body, covering the belly, then softly caressing the boobs with the smooth stuff. Turning one at a time they rubbed it into the others butt, and then turning once again they finished by massaging it into the smooth pubic mound and over the pussy lips. It was clear that each of them took some pleasure from this. Bagoas was one of those harem masters who believed that letting the girls reach a state of sexual tension made them better at their duties.

It fell to Hamid to anoint Brigette. He did it with loving care, not only as a professional duty but because of his affection for the young slave girl. He smoothed the ointment carefully over her belly and then her small tits, caressing the pink nipples gently as he did. Then he rubbed it into the small firm cheeks of her ass, letting his finger penetrate to her nether hole and rubbing that well so it would be good smelling should the Governor choose to enter that way. Finally he softly caressed the tops of her thighs and worked his way to little pink pussy, rubbing a finger into the slit and rolling her clitoris around just a bit. Bagoas noticed the special attention he gave the little Irish slave and smiled.

Bagoas was not sure just what the Governor planned, so he selected clothes for the girls carefully. Saiesha he directed to don her belly dance costume. It was a tight top which pushed her tits together and gave her a deep cleavage, jingling with coins. Below she wore transparent pajamas and a broad gold belt which supported a loincloth of blue fabric.

Maria donned a long red skirt of semi transparent material, slashed up each side so her long legs flashed out of it as she walked. Around her boobs she wrapped a long white scarf of thin material. A tortoise shell comb and a bright flower held her long hair up.

Bagoas hesitated over how to dress the Irish girl. Finally he simply offered her a tunic which was made in two pieced, tied only at her shoulders and at her waist. Her smooth white sides and shoulders were thus well displayed, and her white legs moved gently below it.

Bagoas was regarding the girls with approval when he heard the sound he had been dreading. The lattice in the fourth doorway was being drawn back. Turning, he saw the Governor's wife, Durrah, the Pearl of Great Price, standing in the doorway.

"Bagoas," she asked imperiously, "what is the meaning of all this activity so early in the morning?"

Gulping, Bagoas replied, "His Excellency has need of these three slaves, My Lady."

"What?" questioned the Pearl. "He sends for three miserable slaves and not for his true wife? How dare he, you fool of an eunuch?"

"My Lady, in the name of Allah the Gentle, I know it not. I obey the orders I receive," murmured Bagoas, hoping to turn away wrath.

"Before you allow the girls to go into him, tell him that I must talk to him at once, Bagoas. Do not fail me in this!" she practically screamed.

Bagoas bowed deeply and said, "My Lady, it shall be done without fail as you say."

Durrah glared at Bagoas, then at the three girls, and then gave a poisonous look to Hamid. Then she retired into her chamber.

Quickly, Bagoas and Hamid swathed the three girls in heavy black veils and robes and hurried them across the courtyard. They entered a small door to the side of the main audience chamber. The girl's veils were removed and the sat on the floor of the small chamber. Hamid took up a low stool, and Bagoas seated himself in a chair by the opposite wall. Here there was a door, and it held a tapestry decoration. One small spot in the tapestry was open and covered with a thin transparent mesh. Bagoas could thus look into the next room, but from the other side it appeared as just part of the design.

Soon Bagoas saw the Governor dismiss the petty chief he had been talking to. Then His Excellency turned toward the hidden door and motioned with his hand. Bagoas slipped through the door and approached him. Bagoas bowed low, but before he could speak, the Governor abruptly said, "Bagoas, my mind needs entertainment as my body needs pleasure. Are the girls ready to dance for me?"

"Indeed, Your Excellency. You know well Saiesha's skills as a belly dancer, and the fiery dance of the Spanish girl. I regret that your newest slave is as yet untrained in the dance," the harem master replied.

"Then she must be my comfort as the others dance, Bagoas. And that boy of yours, how is he doing?" inquired the Governor.

"He fares very well, sir. Some day he will be a full fledged harem eunuch of great skill and knowledge," Bagoas replied.

"It is well. Today let him do his duties. He can remain in the eunuch's chair while the girls serve me. You must take some well deserved rest," said the Governor calmly.

"My lord..." began Bagoas.

"Yes, indeed. I believe you have a favorite seat in the shade under a tree in the courtyard. Go there now, Bagoas, and sit down and relax. Relax well, my harem master. Let no one call you from your rest except me. Do you understand me well? Remain calm and repose in your seat under the tree until I call for you myself."

Bagoas was bemused at these strange orders, but he bowed low and said, "So may Allah, the Strong, the Steadfast, let it be, Your Excellency."

He backed out of the chamber, and held a whispered discussion with Hamid. Hamid led the girls through the door, and Bagoas, filled with misgivings, retired to his seat under the tree.

Hamid, amazed at the boon that had been bestowed on him, but shaking under his new responsibility, shooed the three girls through the door. Lining them up in front of the Governor, he bowed low but was afraid to say a single word.

"Hamid, your charges are well prepared, I see. You have done your duty well. Take the eunuch's chair," he said. Hamid, gratified that the Governor addressed him by name. moved to the curtained alcove where a chair was prepared. Here he was unobtrusive but could observe all that went on.

"I wish to be entertained this morning, to relieve my mind and give it peace. You shall dance for me. There is no music but the rhythm should be in your head. You," he pointed at Brigette, "come here with me. Let us have the belly dance first."

Brigette knelt on the cushions next to him, gracefully as she had been taught. He slid a hand through the open side of her tunic and lightly caressed her small breast. Not sure what to do, she reached out a hand toward his crotch under the robe, and found his rod already beginning to harden there.

Saiesha swirled into the middle of the room and began the classic belly dance of all the East. Back and forth she went, and as she came forward always bent over so her massive cleavage seemed ready to spill in his face. Soon she leaned into him, and opened the clasp of her top. It slid down over her melons, revealing her dark areolae and nipples. She shook them at him and then pulled his head between them so they made soft pillows on each side of his face. Brigette watched all this with interest, and as Saiesha danced away felt the Governor untie her shoulder strap so her small pink boob was in his hand.

Saiesha swirled around the room, her large boobs swaying back and forth. Brigette felt the Governor's cock getting harder and pressing against the fabric of his robe. Now Saiesha loosened the string of her transparent pajamas and they fell away, leaving her clad only in the broad belt and thin loin cloth. She danced back toward the Governor and straddled him, her pussy just at his head level. She rubbed the thin cloth against his face and then slid down causing her belly to slide over his face and them lose it in her boobs. Brigette barely had time to get her hand off his cock as Saiesha's pussy began to rub it.

Now she danced away again. She swiveled her hips and the back of the loincloth swung each way, showing delicious flashes of her round black ass as it did. Now she pulled that portion out entirely and her twin moons beckoned as she bent over and briefly flashed the dark lips of her pussy through her legs. She moved back to the Governor, kneeling in front of him so he could grab both her butt cheeks in his hands and pull her belly to his face. She took one hand and put the remaining part of the loin cloth in it, then she stood up and slowly backed away. He pulled the loincloth until it suddenly fell away, leaving her pussy exposed beneath the heavy belt.

Saiesha swayed back and forth, thrusting the pussy toward him and away from him. His hand moved under Brigette's thin robe and found her small round ass and began caressing it. With his other hand, he lifted his robe and Brigette got the hint, pulling it up until his cock was exposed. It danced in the air, so she grabbed it and began to rub up and down.

Now Saiesha danced closer again, straddling his hips and letting her pussy lower toward his stiff rod. Brigette removed her hand to let Saiesha's wet pussy begin to rub back and forth over the dark cock. She never let it enter her, but only took the very tip between the dark lips. Soon she arose, and danced back into the middle of the floor. Bending forward she displayed her broad ass, and reached between her legs to insert two fingers into her pussy.

Seeing the cock throbbing once again, Brigette took it in her hand and began to lightly tickle the tip of it with her tongue. She knew the opening in the end is exquisitely sensitive so she ran her tongue over that softly. Now Saiesha saw Maria moving toward the dance floor so she retired, shaking her boobs to let Maria perform.

Maria had the thin shawl wrapped over her boobs, and that almost transparent red skirt which showed her ass off through it, but was just dark enough to make her pussy slightly hidden. She came out swirling which made the skirt billow out and show her bronze legs to good effect. Dancing wildly, she let the scarf slip off her boobs for a moment and then cover them again, repeating it as she swirled. The Governor had now completely opened Brigette's tunic so she shrugged out of it. Her lips found the ridge on his cock which was the scar of his circumcision. She had learned that this spot is very sensitive in Muslim men, although she did not remember it was so in the uncircumcised boys of Ireland. She sucked up and down, letting her lips tickle that ridge, and felt the master reply with thrusts of his hips.

Maria now had the shawl over her head and each time she spun around her pointed boobs with the hard nipples flashed. Slower and slower she spun, and closer to the Governor she approached, until she was close enough to lean over him and let her boobs droop toward his face. He pulled her to him and, one at a time, sucked hard on the large pointed nipples. Meantime Brigette took his cock deeper into her mouth and moved it in and out more rapidly.

The Maria danced away again, twirling so fast that her skirt rose enough to display the cheeks of her ass and her shaven pussy as she spun. Watching this, the Governor pulled Brigette into his lap, turning her over so her pussy was just at his side, and began to rub it softly. Brigette knew that the juices of her pussy would be adding their smell to the perfume trapped in her red pubic hair and she knew this scent enticed men. She maneuvered so that his finger carried the juices up into the hair each stroke.

Now Maria lifted the filmy skirt over her head, and pulled off. Instead of spinning now she began to sway, opening her legs wider each time so her pussy was spread more and more. The Governor increased the speed and depth of penetration of his fingers in Brigette's pussy. He motioned with his hand and Saiesha and Maria both came down onto the pillows too.

Hamid was watching from his chair, growing more and more amazed at the performance. He had seen each of the girls perform alone, but never together. True, they had once serviced the Governor's soldiers together, but that sweaty orgy was not to be compared to this service of their master.

Hamid saw the Governor still fingering Brigette, while Saiesha rubbed her boobs over his head and thrust her nipples into his mouth. Maria meantime was between his legs, rubbing her firm ass over his cock rhythmically. His other hand grasped one of her boobs and was pulling the nipple. Then with some sense of timing, they all turned. Brigette put her mouth back on his cock, Maria thrust her pussy into his face, and Saiesha presented her broad ass to him to spank. Striking blows at her ass, thrusting into Brigette's mouth, and penetrating Maria's pussy made a rhythm almost like a dance.

Once again the girls moved as if on signal. Now his finger was in Brigette's nether hole which she was glad Hamid had perfumed. Saiesha climbed into his lap and took his cock deep inside her while her ass was toward him. Maria knelt with her back to him, her butt rubbing against his arm as he reached between her legs to finger her cunt. Hearing him breathing more rapidly each girl began swiveling her hips so he was presented with the view of a small white ass, a broad black ass, and a tight bronze ass all moving and clenching. 
