 CHAPTER TWO -- ENTERTAINING GUESTS

Bagoas was powerful here. In the Taourirt Kasbah of the Governor of Ouarzazate he held an important position. He did not meddle in politics, nor war, nor finance. The pleasure of the Governor was Bagoas' charge, for he was Overseer of the Harem. This, of course, meant he was a eunuch. He had been gelded at the age of ten, so long ago that he was able to drive the memory from his mind. His mental focus added to his power, and the gold coins he had accumulated also added to his power. 

He arose early in the morning, despite a late night before. Hamid, his servant, was waiting to attend to his needs and his breakfast. Bagoas then walked across the courtyard and opened an ornate door which led to the offices of his master, the Governor. He sat down on a carved stool and awaited the Governor's pleasure. Bagoas knew that last night the Governor had entertained guests from Rabat, the capital, men so important that the master's wife had been called to dine with them. After dinner the Governor had signaled Bagoas that his wife should stay, and thus Bagoas was up late at night to return her to the harem after the master pleasured himself with her. Bagoas suspected that the important guests would stay another night, and anticipated the need for his services for another dinner.

Soon, a servant slipped out of the office, bowed and said, "Bagoas, the Governor will see you." 

Bagoas entered the office and bowed low to the man seated there. "May Allah look upon you with favor, My Lord," he said. 

The Governor nodded curtly and jumped right to business. "Bagoas, the men I am entertaining are of the utmost importance to me. Dinner tonight must be a special treat for them, and after dinner they must be well tended." 

"I understand, master. I shall prepare the slave girls to dance, and then serve your guests afterward in every way." Bagoas clearly understood the Governor's wishes for the satisfaction of his guests. Bowing and backing out, he then strode across the courtyard and entered another ornate door into a common room where most of the Palace's eunuch slaves were waiting. Bagoas barked commands: "Two to relieve the guards at the door of the harem. Two to tend to duties around the palace. Two more to stand guard tonight. And my two most experienced underlings to attend to the two youngest eunuchs to be trained. And Hamid, you come with me."

As the other eunuchs left, Hamid waited for Bagoas' command. "Hamid," he said, "you have served me long and well. I calculate that your eighteenth birthday has come and gone. It is time for you to begin your training if you are someday to take my place."

Hamid looked at his master in amazement. He knew that merely being a personal body servant to a powerful personage like Bagoas was a great stroke of luck. But to find that he was actually to begin training to be the great one's successor had not even entered his dreams.

"Well, come, come," said Bagoas. "We have much to discuss." The rest of the afternoon was spent in instructing his young charge. Then as evening approached, Bagoas said, "Follow me." They walked to the beautifully decorated door bearing the Hand of Fatima, and the two guards on duty saluted Bagoas and watched in wonder as Hamid followed him into the harem. Most of the palace eunuchs had never passed that door.

Climbing the stair, Bagoas came to a common room in which fine pillows lay about on the floor. Four compartments opened off it by archways, two of which were covered by curtains. A third door, toward the East and thus nearest to Mecca, had a lattice work door in front of its curtain. Bagoas nodded, and in a low voice said, "That apartment is for Durrah, the Pearl, Governor Glaoui's wife. We shall not see her tonight." He then clapped his hands twice, and the curtains in both archways were pulled aside and the two slave girls came into the room and bowed low to Bagoas.

One was named Saiesha, an Abyssinian beauty with black skin, black eyes, braided black hair and dark beautiful lips. As she bowed the loose top of her gown fell forward to show the fine mounds of her dark round breasts, but they had no effect on Bagoas and Hamid ignored them too.

The other was Maria, a Spanish girl captured as the Moors overran Iberia. Her black hair was long and flowing, falling down to her shoulders. Long black eyelashes flashed over her black eyes, and pouty lips added to her beauty. Her bow also brought fine olive colored breasts well into view, but again no one but her fellow slave girl appreciated it.

"Two very expensive slaves, my boy," said Bagoas. "The Governor tolerates only the best. They must be well treated and well cared for. Tonight you will learn what some of their talents are." Turning to the two girls, he said, "The master is entertaining important guests tonight. First you will dance for them, and after dinner give them the full hospitality of the palace. You must assist each other to prepare." He said nothing else but knew the girls he had trained well understood. Bagoas motioned Hamid to a seat on the pillows in the corner as the slavegirls began their preparations.

These were similar to those they had performed upon the Governor's wife the night before, but not so elaborate or with such precious unguents. Both girls dropped their robes, ignoring the presence of the eunuchs whom they knew were uninterested in their nudity. Saiesha was a bit shorter than Maria. She had large round breasts with very dark large nipples. Her stomach was rounded as the Moors prefer, and led downward to her rounded pubic mound. It was shaved clean, and rising into it were the dark lips of her pussy. Bagoas walked over to her, ran a hand over her mound, and barked, "Shave again!"

Maria stood a little taller, and was slimmer of build. Her olive breasts were not as large as Saiesha's, but stood up firm and the brown nipples on them pointed skyward. Her waist was small, but her hips broadened out below it. Her pubic area was also shaved, and the lips of her pussy were lighter in color than her olive skin. Bagoas felt her crotch also and ordered her to shave too.

The girls poured warm water from a waiting vessel, and first Saiesha lathered up her hands and rubbed the warm soap into Maria's crotch. Then taking an ivory handled straight razor she very carefully shaved it smooth. The mound itself was gently scraped, and then Maria opened her legs so that Saiesha could bring the razor up the inside of her thighs, and finally cut carefully, oh so carefully, the tiny hairs around the pussy lips themselves. Once Maria's pubic area was completely smooth, she shaved Saiesha in the same way, rubbing the soap carefully over the entire pussy and removing it with the razor as she went, but so gently she left not the tiniest cut on the sensitive lips.

"Come, Hamid, and learn the best way to make sure a slavegirl has shaved properly," said Bagoas. Hearing this the girls went to the bench at the side of the room, and each raised one foot onto the bench so that her pussy was well exposed for Bagoas' test. Bagoas pushed Hamid to his knees in front of Saiesha and said, "Rub her with your cheek. That is the test." Naturally as an eunuch Hamid had no trace of a beard, and his perfectly smooth cheek rubbed Saiesha's pussy and found it smooth. He then turned to Maria, thrust his cheek against her shaved mound, then down over the lips, and found it smooth also. "Every profession has its tricks, youngster," said Bagoas. "That one I learned over 30 years ago."

Maria then picked up a pot of unguent, perfumed, but not with the expensive myrrh that the Pearl had received the night before. Quickly, not taking time to linger, she rubbed Saiesha's breasts, belly and pussy with the pleasant scent. Saiesha then took the pot, and rubbed Maria's breasts with their pointed nipples, her flat belly and the lips of her pussy with it too.

Kohl was then applied to the girl's eyes, making them appear even larger and darker then they already were, and a carmine paste rubbed on their lips. Saiesha's wide dark lips took on almost a maroon tint but Maria's thinner lips blazed a fiery red. The same carmine was applied to their nipples. Maria's again blazed red, but Saiesha's black nipples took on that rich dark maroon color and stood out ripe from her round black breasts. Finally each brushed the others pussy with the carmine, with the same contrast there too. Hamid watched it all, but like Bagoas he was not excited. The girls ignored him as they worked on their tits and pussies.

'Now," Bagoas said, "your costumes. Saiesha, you shall belly dance for the guests, and Maria will do the dance of the dove." The girls turned to a chest against the wall. First Saiesha removed her belly dancing outfit, which Maria helped her put on. A filmy cloth was brought between her legs, then wrapped around her waist, making a light partly transparent covering for her ass and pussy. Over this she pulled the loose pajamas, just transparent enough to be enticing to the men who would watch. Then the heavy belt of coins was brought around her waist. They were only copper but they were polished to a high shine and jangled a great deal. The top of gold dyed cloth was brought out, and pulled up over her heavy breasts to push them up and together, creating a deep cleavage. Over this went a shawl of semi transparent red cloth, and she was ready for her performance.

Maria's costume required careful fitting. Another strip of the semi transparent cloth, white this time, was wrapped around her breasts, crossing over and under them to support and display them. The carmine nipples showed through the cloth in a most tantalizing way. The same semi transparent cloth was wrapped around her pussy and butt, but pulled in tighter so it clung to them and made what Bagoas called a "camel toe" from her pussy. It was wrapped so that long streamers trailed down the outside of each leg.

Then a large piece of the fine cloth was brought out. Hamid watched carefully as it was affixed. It had several tie strings, and first the center of it was tied around her neck. It draped down in back of her to cover her ass nicely but let most of her long legs be seen. Saiesha stretched the cloth out and Maria extended one arm. The drapery was tied at her elbow and then at her wrist. Hamid realized that this was the wing of the dove. After the other half of the cloth was tied to her other arm, Maria folded her arms across her chest. The effect was that the double layer of cloth in front completely hid her breasts, belly and pussy but left her long legs to be seen. 

'We go," said Bagoas. He led, the slave girls followed, and Hamid trailed behind. They crossed the courtyard to the immense carved wood doors of the Governor's reception hall. Bagoas, however, led them to a small but still ornate door off to the side. They entered a small chamber with rich carpets on the floor. One chair and one stool were in it. The four of them left little room. Bagoas sat on the chair, and motioned Maria in her elaborate costume to the stool. He pointed to the floor and Saiesha and Hamid sat down.

In the inner door was set a strip of gauzy cloth. Painted on the other side, it was lost among the carvings from that side. But here Bagoas could see perfectly what went on in the other room. He saw the three ancient eunuch musicians of the court preparing to play. Governor Glaoui and his guests were seated on the pillows, having finished their dinner. 

Servants poured fruit juices, and the Governor said, "Allah willing, we shall be well entertained tonight, my lords. My slave girls have often been praised for their beauty and their dances." He clapped his hands, and the musicians began Saiesha's belly dance music. She stood up and Bagoas opened the door so she could swirl into the room.

Faster and faster she danced, her shawl spinning around. She released it with one hand and it spread out from the other as she twirled. So fast was her movement that the men stared, trying to see her rounded breasts displayed above her top but not quite sure what they saw. She slowed her spinning, and her cleavage became more obvious. Finally she stood tall in front of the audience, then bowed low, her breasts almost spilling out of her top. Then she started moving her rounded belly in the classic rhythms, side to side and round and round. She bent backward so her belly pumped up and down and her spread legs enticed the men. Then she advanced toward them, clutching her coin belt, and turning her back danced away as she unfastened the belt and dropped it off. The thin material of her pajamas showed her legs and a bit of her butt as she rotated it.

Once again she danced toward the men. In front of each of the guests, she bowed low again displaying her large tits to them. Then she bowed in front of the master, and quickly her hand went to her back and flipped the catch of her top. It fell forward at his feet, and just as it did she spun around and again danced away from the men, her bare back all that they saw. Raising her hands over her head, she undulated her ass carefully and slowly turned slightly to the right, showing a bit of the curve of her boob. Then she turned back and slightly to the left, giving them a tantalizing peek at the curve of that boob.

Still undulating she then turned slowly back to the right, Her round boob appeared as she turned, first the side, then the nipple tinted maroon by the cosmetic, and finally as she turned fully the men gazed on both her fine tits swaying gently in front of them. Once again she thrust her hips toward them and bent backward, this time with her dark nipples pointing upward as she flexed her belly.

Again she straightened, and turning to dance away from the men, loosened the string of her transparent pajamas and let them drop to the ground. She kicked them away and rotated her ass, barely concealed now by the single loin cloth she wore. Turning back she did the belly moves again, ending with spreading her legs and bending backward so her barely covered pussy was thrust toward the men on the pillows. She loosened the thin cloth around her hips and drew it up between her legs, revealing slowly her shaved pussy with its dark lips. Now the classic moves of the belly dance showed all of her gorgeous body to the men. She thrust her belly up and down, bringing her pussy with it. Then she rotated her belly making her large round boobs bounce and twist with it. 

Standing up again she continued to rotate her belly and bump her hips. She spun around so that her ass could be seen moving around and around. She clenched the cheeks of her butt, and then began bending backwards toward the watchers so her boobs appeared over her. She shook them back and forth enticingly. Turning again she danced toward each of the watching men and once more spread her legs and bent back giving them a final look at her pussy which showed just a trace of pink between the dark lips. As the music reached a peak, she danced over to the door and as Bagoas opened the door, she turned one final time, flashed her boobs at the audience and then whirled out.

Bagoas was mightily pleased with her wondrous dance. He could see the Governor's guests squirming as their cocks throbbed under their robes. But now the musicians began the soft music for the dance of the dove, and Maria stood up carefully. Bagoas opened the door. 

The guests saw Maria standing there, her eyes downcast and her arms crossed across her chest so her wings covered her almost completely except for her bare legs. She advanced into the room and lithely began her dance. Back and forth she went, her dark legs flashing under the white wings. She turned her back to the men, and raised both arms outward so that the gossamer fabric was spread fully. Her slim back was seen behind it, and just a hint of her buttocks under their covering. She bent forward, then swooped around to face the watchers, giving them one glimpse of her breasts covered only by the transparent fabric before she folded her wings over her chest again. She next started to fly, extending one wing, then the other, so that in the instant one went out and before the other returned, her slim olive body was displayed, with only the gauzy cloth over her beasts and her pubic mound. She flew more slowly, leaving longer intervals of exposure, and finally raised both wings high so that her entire body was swaying slowly in front of the audience.

Bagoas could see the faces of the Governor's guests, and he knew they were highly impressed by the entertainment. Now Maria's wings once again covered her chest, but it was so that she could remove the cloth wrapping her tits. Holding it in one hand she triumphantly raised her wings again, and her pointed olive mounds proudly swayed a bit from side to side as she danced toward the men. Turning away one more time, she unfastened the cords holding the long strip of cloth and let it drop. Her ass was now displayed with only that single strip of cloth drawn up through the crack of it. Turning again, the same cloth clung very closely to her pussy and all the men, wise in the way of the desert, clearly saw a camel's toe outlined under it.

She advanced toward the men, and brought one wing across her body. Under its cover her hand worked to drop the loin cloth. All the audience saw it fall to the ground, but she was still well covered by the wing. Slowly she lowered her hand so that her tits were exposed, then her taut stomach, and then the top of her loins but not her pussy. Quickly she swung the wing to one side, giving the men a fast glimpse of her whole body but then spun around rapidly, making both wings swirl out as she faced away from the watchers. She raised both wings high into the sky and they revealed her perfect olive skinned ass in its smoothness.

Now she began to fly again, moving the wings up and down and swirling to either side. As she did she slowly turned more and more toward the audience until finally her hairless pussy was revealed as her whole body was framed by the white wings.

Spinning around a few times, she worked her way to the door, and as Bagoas held it open she flew out into the anteroom. Bagoas again looked through his peephole and beheld both guests arranging their robes over the tentpoles standing up under them, and knew his charges had made a great impression.

"Allah, the beneficent, the omnipotent, has blessed me with many worldly things, but I think these girls are among my finest possessions," said the Governor. "My guests, I now offer you their services. Ben Adar, you are the senior so make your choice."

Ben Adar, ambassador of the King, replied, "The Abyssinian belly dancer would be a great pleasure to me, my host, if Allah wills it."

'She is yours tonight, my honored guest. Saiesha is her name. And to your young friend Ben Adhem shall go the Spanish dove Maria." Knowing that Bagoas was at the peephole behind the door the Governor made a slight motion of his hand. 

Bagoas opened the door and led both slave girls into the dining room, each tantalizing in her nudity. "Bagoas, Overseer of my Harem and a trusted servant for many years, my lords. He has trained these girls well, has he not?" Bagoas bowed low. He was immensely gratified at this notice, and at the nods from both honored guests. Having heard the conversation, he led Saiesha to Ben Adar, and Maria to the younger guest. Each girl knelt by the man who had chosen her, and putting an arm round him pressed her breasts into his chest and her lips against his, each darting her quick tongue into her partner's mouth in a deep kiss.

Seeing the men grabbing the girls' breasts and pulling them closer, Bagoas discreetly said, "My lords, there are comfortable alcoves on each side of the room." He nodded to Saiesha. She rose and took Ben Adar's hand and helped him rise. As she turned to take him to an alcove Bagoas saw his hand already caressing her dark nipple. Saiesha pressed against him enticingly as they made their way to the pillowed area.
