 CHAPTER 3 --LESSONS

Bagoas was a person of power. Physically powerful from exercise, which some of his peers neglected; mentally powerful from hard experience and long discipline; financially powerful, as shown by the gold coins jingling from his belt; and powerful in this place where he served the Governor of Ouarzazate in a high capacity.

Bagoas was Overseer of the Governor's Harem. The Governor's wife, and the Governor's two harem slavegirls, were in his charge. This meant, of course, that he was a eunuch. Having learned to focus his mind on his particular tasks at hand, he seldom let his mind run back to that terrible time when, at the age of ten, slave raiders entered his village, burned the houses, and carried all the able bodied inhabitants off to their slave train. He seldom thought now of the anguish he, and five other pre-pubescent boys of the village, felt as they saw their parents chained by the necks and forced with whips into the slave trader's train. The things that happened afterward had been long erased from his mind. He only allowed himself to remember that six weeks later he was in the slave market, being shown as a fine young eunuch. There the Governor Glaoui, father of his present master, had purchased him for his household, and he began the life that is reserved for those without balls.

Bagoas put the thought out of his mind. His ability to focus on the present and to do what he must to preserve and increase his position of power meant much more to him now than his lost balls did. Through long training and experience he had learned the eunuch's place in Moorish society, and had pulled himself up to a high pinnacle in his world. He would not let weakness of mind take that from him.

His body servant and chosen protege Hamid, a fine young eunuch of eighteen years, was waiting for him as he finished his breakfast of fruit and tea. Motioning to Hamid to follow, Bagoas crossed the courtyard of the Taouririt Kasbah, where the other servants respectfully saluted him and entered an ornately carved and decorated door. Climbing the stairs he stood before another door guarded by two eunuchs armed with scimitars. They bowed to Bagoas, and by now were used to seeing Hamid pass through the door with him.

Bagoas and his student entered the harem. A large central chamber had three arch ways opening from it. Two were curtained, while the third had a gilded lattice work door before its fine silk curtain. This, in the East and thus nearest to Mecca, was the chamber of the Governor's wife Durrah, the Pearl, whom he called The Pearl of Great Price. Bagoas pointed silently to a corner of the room where Hamid sat upon a pillow. Then he scratched on lattice work door, calling softly, "My lady?" Hamid was quiet as a desert mouse when the curtain was pulled back and the lady appeared behind it. Through the lattice he could see that she was tall and beautiful , for here in the harem she was unveiled and wrapped only in a light silk robe pulled across her large breasts. 

"Bagoas, has my husband sent for me?" she asked.

"Alas, no, my lady," replied Bagoas. "Allah has willed that the Governor be kept busy for some days now with official business, and his orders to me this morning did not ask for any service from the harem." He knew that in his subtlety she would understand that though her husband had not called for her, neither had he asked for either of the slave girls to be brought to him. 

"Thank you, Bagoas," she replied, and let the curtain fall.

Seeing the mistress served, if not satisfied, Bagoas was ready to proceed with his professional duties. He clapped his hands twice. The curtains in the two archways were pulled open, and the two slave girls appeared, each clad in a smooth flowing gown. Saiesha, a black Abyssinian beauty with large firm breasts, wore a white robe through whose thin material could be barely seen her large dark nipples and the patch of black hair in her crotch. Maria, a Spanish girl captured in the Moorish conquest, wore a red gown, and her pointed nipples poked up in the soft material in a way that would have enticed any man so lucky as to see them. Neither Bagoas or Hamid was stimulated by the sight, of course.

"Hamid, today we have important lessons. You will see how the girls are prepared to serve our master." Motioning to the two girls to move to the center of the room, he then nodded at them and they both dropped their gowns. They were totally at ease standing naked in front of the eunuchs. "Last week, Hamid, I taught you how to determine if the girls were properly shaved. Do you remember?"

"Yes, master," said Hamid. He motioned to the two girls, who went to a bench at the side of the room, and each placed one leg on the bench, thus displaying their clean shaven pussies to his gaze. He went to each girl, knelt by her and rubbed his beardless cheek against her pubic mound and over the lips of her pussy. "Indeed, Bagoas, they are as smooth as a baby camel's nose," he said.

"Good," said Bagoas. "Now recount to me the preparation they must undergo to be ready for their duties." 

"First the perfumed unguents, my lord, rubbed over their body and into their breasts and the lips of their lower flowers. Myrrh for the lady, lesser scents for the slave girls. Then if it is the Governor's wife being prepared, the girls dust her with the soft fine powder. Next the cosmetics are applied, and particular care is given to see the carmine tint for the nipples and for both the lips of their face and the ones between their legs."

"Good," said Bagoas. "And are the cosmetics for appearance only?"

"With well trained girls such as these, Bagoas, who have had your personal instruction, they can skillfully bring the chosen woman to a state of sexual tension by their gentle administrations of the cosmetics, thus preparing her well for her duties," Hamid said, proud to display his knowledge.

"You have learned to repeat your lessons well, Hamid. But as I trained these girls, you may need to do so yourself someday. It is not easy to train when you have not done. Therefore tonight you take the role of a harem girl, and perform the acts on your own. Maria, you shall be his subject."

Maria stepped forward, gracefully displaying her naked body. Bagoas approved of the grace, but took no delight in her nudity. Hamid took up the pot of unguent, and began to rub Maria's body with it. Over the shoulders, down the arms, and then onto her chest, coming up around her beautiful boobs and smoothing it over them. Bagoas said, "My boy, a girl's nipples are highly sensitive. To prepare her for her duties, you need to caress them gently as you apply the unguent." Hamid did so dutifully, noticing that Maria's lips parted and her eyes rolled slightly upward as he did.

He then carried the unguent down over her slim belly and toward her shaved mound. He rubbed it around her mound as he had seen Saiesha do previously. Bagoas then said, "Look how her two lips are small and close together now. But begin rubbing them with the unguent." Hamid smeared his fingers with the cream and began gently rubbing Maria's outer pussy lips. She wiggled her hips slightly as he did. "Now," said Bagoas, "the outer lips swell and you can see the inner lips begin to respond." His voice was as dispassionate as if he were explaining how to pour a cup of wine. "Probe into her slit with two fingers, running them up toward the top. You will feel a small hard button there, which is the spot of passion in a woman, just as the head of his rod is to a man. Work it around a bit, only a bit, until her slit is thoroughly wet." Hamid followed this instruction with care, although he was venturing into territory totally unknown to him. He felt Maria's juices beginning to flow making his fingers slide more easily around her clit. "Enough," said Bagoas. "She must only be teased, not satisfied, before she goes to her duties."

"Now the color," said the instructor. Saiesha handed Hamid the pot of carmine cream. "Only lightly, my boy, now." Hamid took the chamois covered with the carmine color and rubbed it over Maria's nipples. They took on a tantalizing shade of color, and were fully erect from his attentions to them. Hamid studied them curiously, impressing the lesson on his mind. "And her lower lips now," said Bagoas. Hamid again pulled the chamois through the space between her legs, coloring the pussy lips with its vivid color. He found the hard little bump of her clitoris and gave it one gentle rub, at which Maria moaned softly.

"Perfect, young one," said the older eunuch. "You can see she is now in a high state of sexual tension. Whether she is called on to dance, serve a man orally, let him take her from in front or behind, or perform anything else to satisfy him, she will do it with great intensity. However, Maria, the master has not sent for a harem girl tonight. Are you to be left with standing nipples and dripping lips, unsatisfied?"

Maria bowed low before Bagoas. Her breasts dropped forward as she did so, and Hamid noticed how she managed with grace even in the awkward position, rising slowly so that they swung nicely back into place as she faced the Overseer. "Oh, my lord, in the name of Allah the merciful, the protector of the poor, let Saiesha come to me that we may pleasure each other?"

"Ah, girl, you have done well tonight and helped me teach young Hamid. Saiesha, come to your fellow slave and relieve her," replied Bagoas with magnanimity.

Saiesha rose and bowed to Bagoas. She had been sitting at the side of the room with her legs pressed together. Hamid saw that the lips of her pussy also glistened with moisture and he understood that she had been stimulated by watching him attend to Maria. He wondered how it felt to react so to seeing a naked body stroked, but put the idea from his mind as Bagoas had warned him to do.

Saiesha, already naked, approached Maria. She put her arms around Maria's waist, and the two girls pressed their bodies against each other. As they rubbed their tits together, they locked lips and kissed deeply, their tongues probing each others mouths. Watching them carefully, Bagoas motioned Hamid to a seat on the pillows. The girls totally ignored the eunuchs. "Watch what she does to the other girl, Hamid. Much of what they do to each other helps them learn also how to pleasure a man," directed the Overseer.

Maria's hands pressed Saiesha's firm butt, pulling their pussies together. Each spread her legs, and each passed one leg between the others legs and against her pussy. Working their bodies up and down they stimulated each other gently. "A man will be pleased to be rubbed with their flowers. If his rod is not already hardened, it soon will be," Bagoas commented. His remarks did not seem to affect the girls in their pleasure.

Saiesha removed her lips from Maria's and began kissing down her body, over her neck and shoulders and then lightly licked her nipples. As her tongue ran in a circle around the areola, and then up over the firm pointed tip, Maria let her head loll back and closed her eyes. Saiesha took the hard nipple in her lips and rolled it with her tongue, then sucked it back and forth gently. "The girls' nipples are very sensitive, and most men like to suck them as they fondle the full breasts. Some men also have sensitive nipples and like to feel the girl's lips upon them. The girls learn from exploring each other how to be strong but gentle at this sensitive place, and how to react when a man sucks hard," continued Bagoas' instruction.

Then Saiesha pulled Maria down onto the pillows. Maria lay back, her full breasts pointing to the ceiling, and Saiesha spread Maria's legs and placed herself between them. Bending forward, she began to lick the Spanish girl's slit. Up and down her tongue worked and then it found the clit at the top of it. She placed her tongue on the hard button and rotated it gently in small circles. Maria gasped at this and moved her hips in rhythm with the Abyssinian's tongue. Deeper and deeper into the pink pussy it went.

while Maria grasped the back of Saiesha's head and pulled it closer to her. "As she licks the other and teases the passion point, so she can do to a man's organ also, giving him great joy," said Bagoas.

Saiesha pulled her tongue out of the slit, and rubbed her body upward across Maria's, their tits brushing each other as she rose. Soon she was straddling Maria's face, and the Spanish girl's tongue licked over her dark pussy lips. Maria gave Saiesha as good as the other had given her, long licks up and down the dripping lips, then rolling the clit around and around as Saiesha shook her hips. Then grasping the Abyssinian's butt Maria pulled her down onto her face, and probed deep into the girl's cunt with her tongue. Hamid could see from the motion of her lips that she was sucking at the same time she wiggled her tongue inside Saiesha's pussy. This drove Saiesha to throw her head back, roll her eyes up, and moan. "Many men enjoy driving their tongue into the girl's slit thus, boy, and often they like the salty taste. As the slavegirls learn to react to it, they will also react to a man's tongue and please him."

Saiesha then rose off Maria, and placing her hands under the other slave's butt caused her to roll over. She pulled Maria's ass up a bit, and ran her fingers down through the crack in her brown ass to her rectum. This she stroked a bit, treating it gently, and then continued her fingers on down to approach the Spaniard's pussy from the rear. She put two fingers into the pussy and began vigorous motions, and her thumb was in the crack of the ass rubbing the hole there at the same time. Maria reacted with vigorous jerks of her hips showing her stimulation with this approach. "The full moons of a girl's behind attract many men also, Hamid. Often they like to rub their rod through the crack between them. A girl must learn how to receive this and move to stimulate him."

Taking Maria's ass in both hands, Saiesha rolled it about and then gently slapped each cheek. Maria wiggled her butt and the Abyssinian girl administered several more slaps, each one harder until the last made a decided smack. Hamid looked over at Bagoas, but Bagoas was impassive. Then Saiesha licked each reddened cheek, and ran her tongue down the crack of the ass, over the hole, and onto the lips of the pussy. From this rear position she stuck her tongue deep into Maria's slit and wiggled it up and down setting Maria's hips into a matching motion. "The Governor is never violent with his girls, but he and they understand the pleasure-pain principle and he may apply it gently. If the girls are sent to serve his guests, they may find the blows a bit harder. They need to learn to show the proper reaction to give their man his enjoyment."

All of this was quite new to Hamid. He watched with great interest and professional calm. If a young man had penetrated into the harem (at the risk of his life) the show these two girls were putting on would have driven him to heights of stimulation. To Hamid it meant nothing except lessons he had to learn.

Now Maria rolled over on her back. Saiesha rose over her, and Maria slid her head between Saiesha's legs so that the black girl's pussy was directly over her. Saiesha then bent forward until her mouth was over Maria's pussy. "This is the position called Congress of the Crow," commented Bagoas. "This position gives great pleasure to both partners, Hamid. From pleasuring each other, the girls learn how to move in this awkward position with grace and skill, and how to use her tongue and lips to best advantage whether she be on the bottom or on top."

Each girl was now able to use her tongue to stimulate the others cunt and they went at it with great enthusiasm. Hamid was positioned to see the moons of Saiesha's ass over Maria's head, and saw Maria reach up and fondle Saiesha's tits as they licked each other. Hamid's head swirled with all he was seeing this evening.

The girls separated, and Saiesha now reached under one of the pillows and produced a strange object. It appeared to be carved from camel bone and polished to a high gloss. Hamid saw that it was a perfect representation of a circumcised cock, although longer and wider than any he had seen on the palace servants or soldiers in the privy. Maria lay back on the pillows and spread her legs. Hamid noticed with interest that the Spanish girl had dark outer lips on her pussy, but inside it was pink. It was now dripping with juices and from Bagoas' words during his training, Hamid knew this meant she was near climax. "Now the girls learn how to grab and squeeze the rod as the end nears," remarked Bagoas.

Saiesha took the carved cock and rubbed Maria's wet cunt with it. Each time she moved it up and down she let it penetrate a bit more into the slit. Soon she was pushing it into the dripping pussy to its full depth, and moving it in and out with more force and speed. Maria's hips rocked and tossed, and she moaned each time it penetrated to its full depth. Skillfully Saiesha manipulated the artificial cock, and timing herself by Maria's reaction, finally pushed it deep into her cunt as she jerked her hips several times, and then lay back exhausted. Hamid understood that she had reached her pinnacle. "The girls know that leading their guest to the climax is their first duty. Whether or not they get their enjoyment at the end is irrelevant," Bagoas said. "Yet if they do reach the peak along with the man, he will feel strong contractions around his organ that give him great pleasure. So the girls learn to measure the time. But if they do not reach that instant with him, they learn how to contract their inner muscles as if they do. This will pleasure most men."

However Saiesha was still unsatisfied, and pushed her pussy insistently toward Maria. Maria was lying on her back on the pillows, but she groped for the carved organ and inserted it deep into Saiesha who was kneeling over her. Up and down she moved the bone cock, and Saiesha pulled her hips up and down in time with it. Saiesha's head lay back, and large dark eyes closed as she let out little noises of impatience. Maria moved the cock toy more and more rapidly, pushing it up into Saiesha with more and more force. Finally Saiesha stiffened and forced her pussy as deep down onto the toy as it would go, and jerked her hips several times with low moans. Hamid now knew that the slave girls had been allowed to pleasure each other to the finish. They both slumped onto the pillows, their naked bodies sprawled where they had dropped, Saiesha with her legs spread so her pussy slowly dripped its juices on the pillows, Maria clenching her legs tightly and holding her breasts in her hands.

Bagoas stood up, and the girls struggled to their feet although they both seemed a bit shaky with their efforts. He did nothing but nod curtly at them, then he motioned Hamid to follow and left the harem.

They strode across the courtyard and entered Bagoas' chamber. As Hamid helped Bagoas prepare for bed, Bagoas told him, "My boy, in some harems, finding the girls pleasuring themselves would bring them to the whipping post. But here, I think that it keeps them honed and ready, and they may even learn little tricks that will pleasure the man they serve. I know that those two sometimes do it behind their drawn curtains, and I even knew where they hide their tool. Remember, that treating harem girls with understanding of their needs can make them more skillful to please their master or his guests, and that reflects credit on the eunuchs."

"But what of the lady?" asked Hamid. "Does she know what the slaves do with each other?"

"How could she miss their moaning?' replied Bagoas. "But she is a lady of wisdom and lets me see to it while she stays behind her lattice and preserves her dignity. The sexual activities of the girls between themselves does not bother her. But if one of them treats her with what she perceives as disrespect, I would be forced to discipline. Now leave me. Go and reflect on what you have learned. Someday you will be the teacher and will have to instruct the girls in these techniques they have practiced."
