 (This was a gift for a friend two years ago. He loved it. I hope you enjoy it too. I certainly had fun writing it. The second sex scene, the part with the * next to the paragraph, is a position I read about in Maxim magazine. I've been dying to put it into a story. And here it is. ^.^ I've been thinking about adding in another scene, and using the note at the bottom in it. The guy Charles actually exists, and he is a soldier over in Iraq. And he has the scar and a happy trail. ^.- Let me know if you would like to see another scene.)

He opened the door to find a tall woman standing there, one shoulder leaning on the frame, a crooked smile on her oval-shaped face. She said nothing, and he was too surprised to see a pretty, American woman standing outside his room to utter a word. Her blue/green eyes sparkled at him, and his own eyes narrowed as he studied her. She seemed somehow... familiar. He'd never seen her before -he would have remembered. But he felt as if he should know her.

"Hello." He said finally, making the single word both inquiry and greeting. 

She beamed a smile at him and straightened, absently brushing back the tail of golden blonde hair that had draped over her shoulder.

"Hey there Charles, how ya doin'?" 

A little wrinkle appeared between his brows as he studied her further. "Um, I'm fine. May I ask who you are?" There was a note of suspicion in the question.

The grin flashed again, and she chuckled, pushing her pink-rimmed glasses back up her nose. "Jami."

He stared for a moment longer, his eyes widening as he swept his gaze down her body and back to her face. Then he smiled and laughed a little. "Lissette?"

She rolled her eyes at the use of her MORPG name, but the crooked smile remained when she folded her arms over her chest, pushing her rather large bust up so that cleavage peeked above the neckline of her shirt. His eyes darted there for a split second before focusing on her face again.

"None-other. You gonna ask me in?"

He stuttered and stepped aside. "Ye-yeah, of course. Sorry, I was surprised. Surprised, hell. More like blown away. Never expected..." He let the speedy explanation ramble off, shutting the door once she was inside. 

They faced each other, and then Jami said conversationally, "So how ya been? Whatcha been doin' with yourself?" She wandered over to a two-seater and plopped down in it. He shrugged, remained standing, and stuck his hands in his pockets. 

"Not much. What about you?" 

She patted the seat beside her and smiled.

Noticing she wasn't going to answer unless he sat, he plopped down on the couch beside her. They turned toward each other until their knees bumped. He glanced down at that point of contact, wondering at the little tingle that ran up his leg. When his eyes met hers again, hers had grown darker -not in color, but in depth. He opened his mouth to ask her what she was doing here, but before he could she jumped into his lap, straddling him and taking his mouth hungrily. He made a muffled sound when her tongue thrust past his lips and attacked his tongue. She framed his face with her hands and ravaged him. 

He tried to restore some sanity, but it was damn hard when she kept rubbing that lush body against him, her breasts mashed to his chest, her pelvis nestling his crotch. His heart gave one jump as the heat she exuded slammed into him. Desire wrapped around him with hot slippery fingers, squeezing his stomach muscles until he groaned. His hands attacked her hair, yanking off the tie and quickly unweaving the braid. His fingers dove into the full, silky locks to hold her against his mouth, which had now taken possession of hers. 

She made some growling little noise in her throat and nipped his bottom lip. He rubbed his tongue along the roof of her mouth and massaged the muscles of her neck slowly. She moaned and slid her hands down his chest, slipping them under his shirt to rub them over his bare chest, across his nipples, brushing the back of her knuckles over his taut stomach. Their middles continued to rub until twin aches began to spread through them. 

He was hard, throbbing for her. Her taste flowing into his system like a drug. His blood raged in his head. The jeans of his pants became a prison to him, and he thrust his hips upward to grind against her heat. 

Her loins tightened then loosened, opening and flooding to receive him. She moaned and pulled away from his mouth, her hands stilling on the waistband of his jeans. They panted, struggled to regain a modicum of control. 

Jami stared down into Charles' flushed face. His brows were drawn in concentration, sweat beaded at his temples. He licked his lips, smoothed his hands over her shoulders and down her arms, and then gripped her waist. His thumbs brushed the underside of her breasts. Since they were still pressed firmly against his chest, he felt her nipples tighten and bead into hard knots. Her breath stumbled in her throat. He smiled at her, leaned forward to gently bite her chin. 

"Hell of a greeting." He murmured, moving up to nibble at the corners of her mouth. Her eyes fluttered closed, her hands balled into fists on his waistband.

"Uh, that's what I was aiming for," she managed. Her breath caught when he moved his hands beneath her shirt and brushed his fingertips up and down her ribs, brushing the sides of her full breasts in the process. Needs tangled inside her, needs she had all but repressed and controlled for 21 years. 

He moved his hips in a slow circle, his bulge rubbing her crotch tantalizingly. She gasped. Her hands unfisted and gripped his waist, nails biting into the smooth flesh above his hipbones. He groaned and took her mouth again, but kept the kiss light, teasing. Running his tongue across the seam of her lips, he asked, "Let's take this into the bedroom. Sitting on the couch isn't the right place to take a girls' virginity."

She grew still, her fingers went lax. He opened his eyes and looked at her. Her face held a guilty _expression. He narrowed his eyes in confusion. "What?" He finally asked. 

She took a deep breath and whispered, "I'm not a virgin anymore. I... once. It was just once."

He searched her worried face, then smiled gently and nipped her bottom lip. "Okay. Big weight off my shoulders." His hands gripped her bottom and pushed her harder onto his grinding sex. She gasped and chocked out a relieved laugh.

"Thank god! I've imagined doing just this for months now." She teased his tongue into a dance.

He hmmed and mumbled against her avaricious mouth. "Then I'm just gonna have to oblige you aren't I?"

She nodded and started to unbuckle his belt. 

His hands slid forward to splay across her quivering belly, then covered her breasts. He molded his palms to her, squeezing through her shirt. When the buckle was open she began to fumble with the button, tugging and jerking at it -a most tantalizing sensation- until it popped open. Then she yanked down his zipper. His hands tugged her shirt up and off, tossed it over his shoulder, and he pulled the straps of her bra down to free her creamy breasts. He bent his head and closed his mouth over a nipple, flicking it with his tongue and sucking with his cheeks. His other hand palmed her other breast, rubbing the aching nipple between thumb and forefinger. She moaned, arched her back. Her hips rubbed against him almost desperately. 

"Oh god Charles. It hurts." She licked her lips, worked her hands into his pants and wrapped her fingers around his hard cock. "I need you inside me. It hurts not to have you there. Please?" She squeezed ever so slightly, made his eyes cross as pleasure speared through him. He gulped in a breath, kissed her between her cleavage with wet, open-mouthed kisses. He had wanted to draw it out for her, but her plea for fulfillment and his own desire were just too much. He would treat them both to a nice long, torturous seduction next time. 

"Mm," he managed, then pulled her skirt to her waist and simply moved aside the crotch of her panties. She carefully pulled him out of his jeans and, holding his thick penis with one hand, her other taking hold of his shoulder to steady herself, she guided him to her opening. He gripped her hips and lifted his head from her breasts so that he could watch her at that first penetration. Her eyes were very blue, very bleary. He smiled and, replacing her hand around his shaft with his, wiggled his cock until her protective outer folds parted and he could feel how wet she really was. She held onto both of his shoulders, levering herself above him, then slowly lowered her weight. His penis penetrated her, his thick head first, causing her muscles to clutch and release, clutch and release. Continuing to lower herself onto him, she closed her eyes to savor each velvety inch of him as it stretched and filled her. Finally, she settled on his lap, and he was nestled completely inside her creamy body. 

Jami's breath shuddered out, her vagina contracted over and over around him, drawing a thick groan from his corded throat. On instinct she bent and nibbled at his Adam's apple, which caused him to grin as his groan vibrated against her teeth.

"Perfect," she muttered against his throat. "You feel perfect. I can't wait." And she began to move on him. He pushed her head back so he could take her mouth and thrust into her slowly. He thrust in a steady rhythm, no matter how many times she tried to speed it up. His hands covered her breasts, kneaded them. Her fingers clutched at his broad shoulders. The heat built until it was a pounding, primal drumbeat in their blood. 

When the orgasm consumed Jami, she reared back and screamed with the force of it, her hips pounding against him. He closed his eyes and allowed his body to match her greedy speed. He came several seconds after her, groaning deeply as he emptied into her. She moaned as she felt him tighten and come inside her. He seemed to pulse inside her tight walls. 

When the shattering pleasure lessened, Jami relaxed against his chest, using his shoulder as a pillow and stroking the fingers of one hand idly down his chest. Her other hand was sandwiched between their sweaty bodies. She smiled when his chin rested atop her head and he took a deep breath, and then sighed lustily. 

"Best damn welcome I ever got," he said. 

Jami laughed and kissed his neck before closing her eyes and snuggling more comfortably against him. "Yeah, I know," she murmured, drifting off.

He grinned over her head and followed her into sleep. 

Jami stired as Charles lifted her in his arms and carefully rose from the couch. She nuzzled her nose into his neck, murmuring. When he took a step and she felt his shaft move inside her body, her eyes opened and her senses struggled to comprehend what was happening. 

Charles took another step, shifting inside her again. She gasped. "Are you alright?" he asked quietly.

"Mmm." Jami nodded and wrapped her arms tighter about his neck. They were in the same position they had been on the couch. His muscular arms were hooked under her bottom, supporting her, and her legs dangled on either side of his broad hips. He took another step. She purred deep in her throat. He began to move steadily, and every step was exquisite pleasure. By the time he entered his bedroom, sweat had popped out on her body and her breathing was a little ragged. She could feel her vagina growing wetter and wetter. Charles carried her to his bed, and, still holding her in his arms, lowered her to the bed. 

By the time he had her flat beneath him, she was on the verge of orgasm, her breath panting out, little whimpers pushing behind her lips. He kissed her gently, and went about removing the rest of her clothing. She mumbled in protest when he had to withdraw from her body to slide off her panties and his pants, but then he returned, sliding home in one smooth motion, lifting her knees and hooking them over his forearms. Then he braced himself on his knees, leaned forward, and rode her at a leisurely pace.

She moaned a lot, and as she had done once before, tried to speed up the pace. But Charles quieted her with cool, sipping kisses, and murmured endearments in her ear. He bit her lobe, and she shuddered and moaned. He sucked on her neck, hard, until a red welt appeared, and she writhed beneath him. He kept their movements just slow enough that Jami was denied orgasm. 

After a while, however -it seemed forever- she squeezed his biceps until her nails bit into his flesh and said through gritted teeth, "Christ Charles! You're killing me!"

He chuckled, lifted his head to look into her burning eyes, and smiled. "You'll live." His movements didn't speed up, but his thrusts did become longer, deeper. 

Jami was on the verge of a nuclear explosion when Charles stopped altogether and pulled out. She lifted a hand, grabbed for him, cursing in a chocked voice. He shushed her and moved down her body, kissing her breasts, flicking his tongue at each red peak, nuzzling the valley between. His hands massaged her thighs... her knees... her calves. He pressed open-mouthed kisses down her torso... across her ribs. Stuck his tongue into her bellybutton and sipped at her navel. Her hands fisted in his hair, wrapping her fingers around the curls. Her pubic hair tickled his nose, but he nuzzled the fragrant mound anyway, inhaling her musky scent deeply and humming so the vibration tickled her in return. 

* Her breath caught, and her fingers pulled a little. Charles reached up and extracted her hands, capturing them in his strong grasp and holding them prisoner beside her body. He nuzzled further down between her thighs, and they spread wide for him. He smiled and kissed her damp folds tenderly. Then his tongue began teasing her velvety flesh, sipping at her wetness. Finally, when she was all but sobbing his name and pleading for release, he straightened and bent one of her legs up at the knee, pressing it back until it touched her chest. He held it there, his other hand holding down her other leg flat on the bed, and slowly entered her. Then he began to rock back and forth; not thrusting, just rocking. 

Her breath hitched; her heartbeat thickened. He watched her face closely, saw the tears glistening on her lashes. He bent forward, pushing so deeply inside her she cried out, and licked off the salty evidence of her torment. When he pulled away from her, she gasped out, "Please! Oh Charles please!"

"Please what?" Charles asked, his voice husky and strained. He had kept firm control of his passions, but now he needed release too. 

Jami took a few gulping breaths and wiggled her hips. She squeezed her eyes closed, grimaced, arched up to him desperately.

"Please what Jami?" Charles whispered. His blood was pounding in his ears, and his skin flushed hot then cold. His balls grew full, heavy, and his chest tightened. "What Jami? What?" His voice rasped in her ear.

"Fuckme," she said in a rush, her fingers raking down his back. "Oh please fuck me. Fuck me fuck me fuck me." Her hips shoved against him hard, and she bit his shoulder.

Charles groaned at the pleasure/pain, and pounded his dick into her. Faster and faster he thrust, driving deep, pushing hard. In just eight strokes Jami began to come. She viced around him, her body bucking, her voice raised in exhultation. Charles came at the same time, grunting, his teeth bared in a fierce snarl, his eyes shut tight against the ripping pleasure. He pumped his seed into her, jerking against her soft body spasmodically. And when he could breath again, his breath gasped out. Jami was whimpering, he discovered, her hips still pushing him inside her. Finally she grew still, and her panting twined with his in the thick air. 

He pulled out of her and rolled over, settling himself against her side and draping one of his legs over one of hers. 

"Oh my god Charles." Jami murmured in a voice scarcely audible. Then, "Wow." 

He smiled and laid his palm flat on her belly. He rubbed in a circle, massaging the muscles gently. "I know." Then he kissed her shoulder and said, "Get some sleep. There's much more to see and do now that you're here."

Jami sighed, hummed in acknowledgement, and nestled into his warmth. He settled her head against his chest, placed his chin lightly atop her head, and closed his eyes. 

(He's got a scar from the bottom of his sternum to his belly button, and a happy-trail. LOL.)