 Bagoas luxuriated in having no urgent duties to call him out of his bed in the early morning. He lay back against the soft pillows and enjoyed the feel of the silk sheets against his skin. The soft bed, the tinkling fountains, and the soft noises in the hallway reminded him that he was not at home.

Bagoas was a person of power in his own world. He was, indeed, Overseer of the Harem of Governor Glaouri in the desert oasis of Ouarazate. Naturally this meant he was a eunuch, but he had long ago accepted that fact. He had risen to power the way a eunuch can, by careful attention to his charge and to politics.

He heard soft snores coming from the floor nearby, telling him that Hamid, his body servant and protegee, still slept. He decided to relax in his own bed, letting the boy sleep a bit longer. Hamid was, of course, also a eunuch. He was rapidly learning his trade and was of great assistance to Bagoas in overseeing the three slave girls who made up the Governor's harem. 

Bagoas knew that everything changed today. He lay in this magnificent bed in the capital city of Rabat, indeed in the Sultan's very palace. Not long ago, as told in previous chapters of this story, the Governor had stunned the entire valley by summarily divorcing his wife, Durrah, and sending her back to her father. Shortly after, the news spread that the Sultan had honored Governor Glaouri to the highest extent, by offering him one of the royal daughters to be his wife. Bagoas and Hamid had traveled to the palace to bring the bride to her groom.

This would surely be no easy task. Even eunuchs were not allowed to see a royal princess alone. Bagoas knew that some old hag from the harem would be assigned as the girl's chaperone, and that everything he did must be done through that woman. He was resolved to strike up a good relationship with her from the start. Bagoas and the old lady would share the task of preparing the virgin girl to please her husband. It would not be simple.

Bagoas heard a tinkling of bells entering the room. He opened his eyes and beheld a beautiful dark girl, completely nude, bringing him fruit juice. He was gratified to be thus served, although he noted the beauty of the girl only in a professional way. A man awakened by this black slave, with large round breasts tipped with dark nipples, and a shaven pussy peeking from between shapely legs, would surely have other things to do than to drink his juice, but Bagoas of course had no such stirrings.

Hamid jumped up from his soft pillows on the floor with a guilty look. "My lord," he stammered, "let me serve you."

Bagoas waved a negligent hand at his young protegee. "No, Hamid, let her serve you."

Hamid was unused to such treatment. An uncut youth of his age would have been stunned by the nude beauty, but Hamid was not subject to such feelings. Instead he was awed by being the one receiving service instead of giving it. After a moment, he seated himself cross legged on the cushions and sipped his juice through the silver straw, just as if he had been doing it all his life. Bagoas was vastly amused by this.

Bagoas then asked the slave girl to lead them to the harem offices. There, they waited patiently until they were admitted to the Grand Overseer of the Sultan's Harem. His chambers were impressive, hung with the finest cloths and filled with carved furniture of costly woods. He himself was seated in a chair of mahogany, imported from great distances. Hamid bowed himself low before this august presence. Bagoas, however, gave only a slight dip of his head. He was, after all, a harem Overseer in his own right and was not going to bow before another eunuch.

The Grand Overseer noticed this, and a brief cloud passed over his face. Bagoas looked him right in his eyes, and softly said, "My esteemed colleague, it is indeed a pleasure to visit your harem. In the name of Allah, the Exalter, the Giver of Honor, I thank you for your hospitality. The fame of the Sultan's wives, concubines and slaves has, by Allah's grace, spread around the world. Your master is truly fortunate to have such a skilled servant to superintend his harem." Once again, he gave that slight dip of his head.

Suitably flattered, the Grand Overseer deigned to motion Bagoas to a seat at his feet. He turned to a subordinate eunuch and ordered, "Bring the Lady Uneefa in." Soon, an elderly lady strode into the room, straight and erect and proud. Since there were none present except eunuchs, she wore only a light filmy veil. Her bright eyes at once sought out Bagoas.

He returned her gaze steadily. Then, turning to the Grand Overseer, he exclaimed, "But who is this flower of beauty? I have seen many of Allah's finest creations, but never one with the grace, the movement, the fine figure of this wonderful woman. Where have you been concealing her, mighty one?"

From the corner of his eye he could see the old lady bask in his remarks. He knew he had hit the right note with her.

The Grand Overseer chuckled and replied, "Bagoas, this is the Lady Uneefa, aunt of a second cousin once removed to His Glorious Majesty the Sultan. She goes with you as chaperone to the Sultan's daughter."

Bagoas turned and bowed to the Lady. "Surely Allah, the All-Wise, the Loving, has smiled on me this day. What a delight the flower of the desert will be to travel with, my Lady. I know that we will work together well in caring for our precious charge." He was carefully establishing them as sharing joint power over the virgin. He hoped it was working. He noticed that Lady Uneefa smiled and nodded at him.

"Lady, take this eunuch to meet his charge," ordered the Grand Overseer. With a wave of his hand he dismissed them both and turned to his other duties.

Bagoas turned and followed the Lady out of the room. He did not fail to notice that two eunuch guards with large scimitars flanked them. 

Soon they reached another chamber within the harem, with two more guards standing before the door. With an imperious wave of her hand, the Lady ordered them to stand aside and led Bagoas and Hamid into the chamber.

There, attended by two slave girls draped in filmy cloths, sat a small girl heavily veiled. Her head was tilted downward and her hands folded. As they entered, she glanced up quickly, and then dropped her head again.

Lady Uneefa bowed before her. "Princess," she said, "these are the eunuchs who will escort us to Ouarazate to meet your husband." She turned to Bagoas and continued, "This is the Princess Dahab, the Golden."

Bagoas smiled to himself. So Durrah, the Pearl, was being replaced by Dahab, the Golden. He wondered if Gold was more lasting than Pearl. Only time would tell.

Bagoas bowed deeply. Behind him Hamid prostrated himself on the ground. The Princess raised her head and above her veil her curious eyes could be seen carefully studying this large and self important eunuch before her.

"Bagoas is the Overseer of the Governor's harem. You will get to know him well. For now, we will let him see the charms you bring to please the Governor," continued Uneefa.

She stepped forward, and dropped the girl's veil. Bagoas saw a comely dark face, with large black eyes decorated with kohl to emphasize their beauty. Her lips were lightly touched with carmine. She gave a shy smile, and Bagoas returned it with what he hoped was an encouraging look.

Next Uneefa removed the silk robe that covered the girl entirely. Beneath it were soft pajamas, carefully embroidered with geometric designs. The cloth clung to her young body, emphasizing its curves. Round breasts of medium size pressed against the cloth and soft nipples could be faintly seen.

All her life the girl had been tended by eunuchs. In her eighteen years, she had rarely even glimpsed a whole male. Eunuchs to her were nothings. She was not embarrassed by being exposed before them. She expected no reaction. Bagoas examined her with professional interest alone. Behind him, Hamid gulped and tried to look small and unimportant.

Hamid was abashed when the beautiful Princess turned her eyes to him. After studying him for a moment, she gave him a shy smile. He tried very hard to melt into the hangings of the room.

"Governor Glaouri is a fine lover of female beauty," he said to Uneefa. As yet he was careful to avoid addressing the Princess directly. "I am sure that Dahab the Golden will please him greatly." 

The Princess dimpled and smiled at these words. Then Bagoas gestured Hamid forward. He took a step forward, his eyes to the ground. Bagoas went on, "This is Hamid, my trusted assistant. He is second in charge of the harem at Ourazate, and I know you will get to know each other well. He stands ready to serve you in every way."

Hamid threw himself on the ground before the Princess. He had not failed to hear Bagoas' words, but could hardly comprehend their meaning. "Trusted assistant?" Never before had he been called anything but "my servant." And even more, "Second in charge." Bagoas was entrusting him with great authority. Between the presence of the Princess, and the words of the Overseer, Hamid was totally overcome. He lay on the floor almost senseless until Bagoas said, "Stand up before your mistress. Her every word is your command from henceforth."

Hamid gulped and stammered, "My lady, you have but to speak, nay to nod, and I will do it." The Princess gave him a slight smile and a nod, which practically turned him to jelly. 

Bagoas was well aware of the situation of the Princess. Here in the Sultan's Harem, she had been a minor personage indeed. One of many daughters, she had probably had to fight for space on a cushion and compete for her turn at the bath. What service she had received from the eunuchs had undoubtedly been slow and grudging. But now, as the Sultan's chosen way to reward a trusted nobleman she had catapulted into a privileged position. He understood that the young girl, barely eighteen, was learning her new role slowly.

Uneefa, on the other hand, was well aware of the sudden promotion she had received, taking her out of the back galleries of the harem. Bagoas knew she would revel in her power, and he would be careful to pamper and compliment her while holding hard to his position as the one in charge. It would be a delicate balancing act. His careful training of Hamid, beginning as soon as the boy had been cut, would now pay off in having a completely trusted aide.

Looking shyly at Bagoas, the girl asked, "What sort of place is Ouarazate, Overseer Lord?" 

Bagoas gave her a slight bow and said, "My lady, please to call me Bagoas. In Ouarazate, that is title enough." Dahab smiled, but from the corner of his eye he could see Uneefa and he understood that she understood how his words underscored his power in his own domain.

Bagoas described the Oasis and the fort. He emphasized the flowing waters which the fountains brought. He described the fine food produced by the governor's cooks. He tried to make his home sound attractive to the lady, although he knew it was far removed from what she was used to.

Soon Uneefa cackled, "And what of the Harem, Overseer. Where shall we live?"

"Fair One," Bagoas continued to compliment Uneefa, "the Harem is small but well appointed. The central room is comfortable, hung with fine tapestries and with pillows of silk and of camel's hair to rest upon. There are four rooms. Of course, that facing the East, toward Mecca, is for the wife of the Governor. The Golden One will find it comfortable and spacious. There will be room for you also, Flower of Delight, for as long as you stay to chaperone." Bagoas rather suspected that Uneefa would find it imperative that her duties be extended indefinitely. He thought she would be much more comfortable and command much more respect in Ouazarte than lost in the Palace of the King.

"And the other three rooms, Harem Master?"

"There are three slave girls, Lady of Beauty, for the Governor's pleasure."

"Tell me about them, my friend Bagoas."

"They are named Saiesha, Maria, and Brigette, Lady Uneefa." Bagoas noticed that they were now on a personal name basis. "They are all well trained and obedient slaves. Of course the three slave girls will be prepared always to serve the master's wife. They will assist in preparing you for those occasions when the Governor calls for you," Bagoas continued. Looking sideways at Uneefa, he continued, "And naturally they will aid you also, oh Flower of the Morning, with whatever you need." Uneefa looked gratified and nodded slightly.

"And now, Golden One, we will leave you to prepare yourself for the journey. We leave after the muezzin calls for the third time," he concluded.

Bagoas and Hamid returned to their quarters. It took them only moments to gather their possessions. Then Bagoas seated himself in a comfortable chair and said, "Now I must give you instructions."

Rather than letting Hamid sit at his feet, Bagoas gave a slight wave of his hand toward a low stool next to him. Then he gave the boy instructions in the careful care that must be taken with the new flower of the Harem. He explained how to treat her with dignity and honor and still instil in her the duties she owed to her husband, especially in bed. It was a delicate task.

Then they walked to the magnificent wagon the Sultan had included in his gifts to the Governor. Closely curtained, it would allow the Princess to travel in luxury away from the gaze of men.

Soon four guards with scimitars approached, escorting two women heavily veiled in black robes. Bagoas knew that they would be Uneefa and Dahab. Nodding his head slightly before them, he assisted them to enter the wagon. Bagoas followed, and Hamid pulled up the steps behind him as he crawled in.

In the wagon, the women removed their robes and veils, since only eunuchs were present. They relaxed on the cushions and the wagon began its journey. Bagoas spoke to Uneefa on various small topics. 

Yesterday, Hamid would have made himself small in a corner of the wagon. But today he was a "trusted assistant" of the Overseer. Boldly he sat cross-legged behind Bagoas, and even ventured to throw in some small remark now and then. Uneefa eyed him carefully, but soon accepted him as part of the group. She even once said, "Small but wise one, what do you think?"

Dahab sat quietly in a corner. She had removed her veil, but kept her eyes downcast. She did not yet understand the power she held as the bride-to-be of the Governor.

Bagoas decided it was time to guide the journey to important things. "Lady Uneefa," he said, "we know that the wedding celebration will be lavish and long. Yet it remains to us to prepare the Golden One for her duties after the wedding. The Governor is as lusty as a bull and will want his new wife to be well aware of how to receive him that night."

Uneefa cackled her delight at Bagoas' delicacy. "Bagoas, my friend, from what I hear of your Governor his cock is ready to split her pussy for hours after the wedding. Indeed we have to prepare her to be poked in all her holes like a proper wife! Let us begin by telling her more about these three slave girls who pleasure the Governor, and how they do it. Thus she may begin to learn."

"Very well, oh Flower of Delight. I have no doubts that you pleasured a man well in your day also. Your instructions to the Golden One will have much value."

Uneefa cackled again and gave a lecherous grin.

Then Bagoas continued to describe the three slave girls of Governor Glaouri's harem.

"Pah. Tell me more about them. Be explicit, Bagoas. The Princess Dahab may begin her training already. Describe the girls, and their skills and duties for her," cackled the old lady. She gave Bagoas a conspiratorial grin as she did.

"Very well. Saiesha is a Nubian girl, dark of complexion and large of build. She is heavy in the bust, with large dark maroon nipples against her black skin. She is of the faith, and her pubic hair is carefully plucked. She excels in the belly dance, either clothed or nude, and often entertains the Governor's guests by dancing, and then privately continues the dance for the Governor in his bed chamber. Her nether moons are large and soft, and the congress from behind , El Kebachi or The Posture of the Ram, pleasures our master."

Bagoas glanced at Dahab. She sat impassive. Such talk was common in the Harem, he was sure, even if she did not fully understand what it implied.

"Go on, Overseer. Tell us more about how Saiesha pleases the Governor when she is called," demanded Uneefa.

"One evening I watched from the eunuch's chair as Saiesha worked her arts in the finest manner. It was like this:

"Governor Galouri had spent a long day in the Judgement Hall and was tired from his labors. She swirled into the room in her filmy belly dance costume, her finger castanets making an erotic rhythm. Moving close to the Governor, she first bent toward him so that her large tits, shiny with oil, pressed over the top of her costume. Then she bent far backwards, thrusting her pussy under its filmy covering toward his eyes. She spun around and bent over, pulling aside the draping fabric covering the dark moons of her ass. All her erotic parts were displayed and I could see from my dark corner that my master was becoming hardened.

"Then the Abbysinian girl began to remove her costume, one piece at a time. First her top came off, loosing her round dark nipples. They were standing hard and erect. Then she removed her pajama bottoms, leaving only a small piece of silk covering her nether lips. Thus almost naked she danced and whirled, faster and faster. She came to the master and lifted his robe, exposing his magnificent shaft. She sat in his lap, twisting her fine ass against his hard cock.

"Then she turned and let her big boobs engulf his rod, rubbing up and down against it. His hand went to her crotch, and he deftly removed her last covering. This left her dripping pussy free to his touch, and he rubbed it well, bring his fingers to his nose to smell the juices on it.

"As I told you, Saiesha excels in fucking in the manner of the Ram. She dropped to all fours, presenting the round moons of her dark ass to the Governor's delighted gaze. After slapping them a few times, he quickly entered her and began long hard strokes into her wet cunt.

"It was not long before he reached his peak, shooting his semen into her depths. Then, tired, he rolled onto his back and Saiesha pressed her tits against him and softly stroked his rod until he fell asleep.

"As I led her back to the harem, tired but happy, I gave her a small gold coin for this magnificent performance."

"Wonderful!" cried Uneefa. She looked hard at Dahab. "Do you hear, Princess? The Governor is a man who likes his pleasures. It will greatly enhance your position and your power to delight him properly."

Bagoas saw that Dahab's eyes were glistening after his description of Saiesha's skills. "I will try," she said, barely above a whisper, "but I am not sure I know how."

With great boldness, Hamid spoke up. "Do not fear, my lady. WE will teach you. The slave girls will help."

Bagoas glanced at his assistant, smothering a grin at the new found authority with which the boy spoke. It was for this that Bagoas had spent years training him.

"Then, Hamid," he spoke, "you may continue the instruction by describing Maria to the Golden One."

Hamid was watching Dahab out of the corner of his eye. He knew that she was surely a virgin, but she seemed to well understand Bagoas' references to the Governor's pleasure. Hamid hoped she understood that Bagoas was creating a catalog of just a few of the Governor's pleasures that Dahab would soon have to satisfy. The leering grin on Uneefa's face assured him that she well knew.

"Maria is a fiery Spanish girl of considerable beauty. She excels in the spinning dances of her home and tantalizes the Governor's guests by slowly removing her gown as she dances. She is as active in the bedchamber as she is in the dance. The Governor sometimes delights in having his scribe Ahmed read to him from The Perfumed Garden of Sheik Nafwazi, and choosing one of the many positions described there to practice with Maria. Her versatility is wonderful. She is particularly good at El modefeda, frog-fashion and Dok el outed, driving the peg home."
