 I used to work at a major chain bookstore in California. 

I pretty much liked all of my coworkers, but there was one in particular that I really enjoyed being around Christine, our H.R. Manager. She was a stunner. Long, thick, curly black hair, Gray eyes, full, red lips, with a buxom, hourglass figure and massive breasts that threatened to burst through her blouse whenever she took a deep breath.

She always dressed a cut above everyone else in the store. Flowing, gem colored silk blouses, knee length slit skirts, and slit just high enough to give me fever dreams of lust. She would always leave the top two or three buttons undone on her blouse, giving me a tantalizing flash of her deep cleavage when she would turn or bend to reshelf a misplaced book. 

Whenever she talked to me I had to struggle to keep my eyes from drifting down her body. I would find myself staring at her lips as she spoke, mesmerized by her luscious mouth.

We would get together and discuss movies, books and music whenever we had a spare minute, and she would always blow me away with her wit and intellect. 

I noticed that she always seemed to have an extra button opened whenever she came to talk to me. I was glad I was standing behind a counter whenever she was around.

Our company had a very strict harassment policy, so I was very careful to keep our conversation on a professional, but friendly level. It wasn't easy though.

Things continued normally for months, but I would find myself thinking about her constantly, dreaming sensual thoughts about her lips. I wanted to take her into my arms and feel her breasts crush against my chest while I kissed her, I wanted to tangle my fingers in her hair and drink her passion from those perfect lips.

I managed to keep things between us professional until the last night of inventory. 

I was drafted to work a double shift. There was no way out of it because I'd managed to get out of the last four overtime calls, and no one was willing or able to cover for me.

There were only three of us working that night. Bonnie (the assistant manager), Christine, and myself.

We had to do the final counts and cleanup, as well as our regular workload of setting up displays, breaking down the last shipment of books and getting the new releases ready for the next day.

After we finished the displays, Bonnie told us to finish opening the last shipment of books that came in and close up. She said she didn't feel well and was going home. We hadn't even gotten through half of the workload.

Christine and I headed to the back room and began to break down the shipment. We started to open boxes and sort the books into the bins. It was hard work and after awhile we were ready for a break. 

Christine dropped the stack she was sorting.

"Hey. Want to go get some dinner? It's break time."

"Sounds like a plan." I said.

We went to the Mexican place a couple doors down for some food.

We ordered our dinners and talked while we waited. We munched chips and salsa and bitched about work and life in general.

The waiter came by to get us more chips and salsa. He said there was some difficulty in the kitchen and asked if he could bring us some drinks on the house while we waited.

I was kind of surprised when Kristina looked at me with a wicked little smirk. 

"Wanna be bad?"

I looked at her and thought it over for about half a second.

"Sure!"

She turned to the waiter.

"Two margaritas. Doubles."

The waiter took the order and headed towards the bar. 

We had gotten quite a buzz by the time our food arrived, and our conversation had gotten pretty risqué. She was telling me about her ex boyfriend and how she dumped him when she came home from work early and found him screwing some bimbo he worked with. 

We ate slowly, savoring the food. I had the Carnitas platter, and she ordered the Chile Colorado

Christine surprised me by ordering another round of margaritas before we went back to work.

"We are on duty you know." I said.

"Fuck that!" she said, surprising me even more.

"This is all overtime anyway. Bonnie bailed on us! That bitch is lucky we didn't leave her here to do all the clean up herself!"

One more margarita became 2 more and we left the restaurant in a very pleasant haze.

We went back to the store to finish the shipment.

One of the boxes held several books on erotic photography.

I tried to remain nonchalant as I pulled them out and stacked them on the shelving cart. I watched her face carefully as she looked at the titles, hoping she would give me a positive signal.

She just sorted the books on the cart without saying a word.

We finished opening the boxes and started to shelve the books. 

The last cart was for the erotica section. The shelves are nine feet high, so most of us need a stepladder to reach the top shelves. I pushed the cart out and went back for the ladder. I helped her set up the ladder and she went up the steps, standing sideways and reached for the books on the cart. 

The ladder started to sway, so I told her I would steady the ladder and hand her the books. I moved closer and got a grip on the ladder and started handing up the books. I was eye level with belly button and it was pure torture! I could smell her perfume, and I wanted to lean in and nibble her belly and nuzzle into her breasts. 

I took a risk.

" I love your perfume." I said.

She looked down.

"Thank you!" She smiled.

"What's it called?"

She blushed a little, and smiled shyly.

"Its called 'Want' "

"Very appropriate." I said, letting my eyes drift down her body. She caught me staring and looked at me. 

For a second and I felt my heart stop. It started back up when she smiled again. I continued to hand up the books for her to shelve, watching and enjoying the view when she would stretch to place them on the top shelf.

She was about to place the last book on the shelf when she lost her balance and literally fell into my arms. I caught her around her stomach and found my face engulfed in her cleavage. Reluctantly I pulled away and helped her get to her feet, making sure she had her balance. She looked at me, a small smile on her face. 

"Thank you." She said.

"You're welcome" I managed to say after I got my voice back.

I decided to take another risk, and pulled her to me and kissed her. She froze, her hands tightened on my arms, I could feel her tremble, she wasn't sure if she should push me way or pull me closer. 

She decided to pull me in.

Her mouth opened and I felt her tongue slide into my mouth. 

I let out a sound somewhere between a moan and a growl and pulled her close, kissing her back, she tasted of lipstick and tequila.

She stopped, pushing me back; "We can't do this here." She said. My face fell.

"I understand." I said.

She smiled. "No, You don't! I meant we can't do this out here!"

She pointed towards the ceiling. "Too many cameras! Come on."

She took my hand and we headed to the break room.

As soon as we were of the sales floor and out of camera range we were in each other's arms. 

I ran my hand down her back and buried my face in her hair, kissing her neck. I moved up and gently nipped her ear, making her shiver.

She pulled my shirt collar open and licked along my collarbone and bit me, making me shudder with pleasure.

My dick was painfully hard now, pressed against my belly like a steel bar. 

I pulled back and unbuttoned her blouse pushing it off her shoulders and letting it slide to the floor. I pulled her to me again, relishing the feel of her bare skin against mine I unsnapped her bra and slid the straps down her arms, slowly revealing her glorious chest.

Her nipples were red and thick as my thumbs, with areolas the size of silver dollars.

I leaned down and began to tease her, flicking my tongue gently over her breasts, working up slowly, Just barley missing her sensitive nubs on every pass.

She grabbed my hair and forced my mouth over her nipple, "Stop teasing and suck damnit!" she growled, pulling my face into her tits.

I latched onto her nipples and began working on her, nibbling biting, licking, sucking, switching from one to another, while she groaned in pleasure.

Her hands went to my waist, ripping open my belt and unbuttoning my jeans. 

A thought occurred to me.

"Shit!" I stopped cold and pulled back. " I don't have any condoms!"

She smiled.

"It's okay, I'm on the pill."

With that said, her hand plunged into my briefs and wrapped around my cock, which was dribbling pre-cum like a leaky hose.

"Ooh!" she squealed. "A nice thick one!"

She slid her lips down my chest, & over my belly, pausing as she reached my dick, which was so hard by now it was turning purple.

She leaned down and licked the underside of the shaft, planting kisses along the length before she opened her lips and slid her mouth down over my cock, slowly opening her throat until she had buried my entire shaft in her mouth. 

She began to slowly move her head, sliding more of my dick back & forth on each stroke, swallowing me completely every time.

She knew I was not going to last very long under that kind of pressure. She stopped suddenly, just before I went off, she wrapped her hand around the base of my cock, squeezing hard to bring me back down a bit.

She slid up my body, kissed me and whispered "Sorry I had to do that baby, but when you come, I want it IN me!" She kissed me again, biting my lip, "Now it's your turn. Lick Me!"

She stood up and slid out of her skirt & panties, standing gloriously naked in front of me. I dropped to my knees and pulled her to me, kissing her belly, leaving a trail of kisses down toward her pussy. She pushed me away and lay back on the couch, spreading her thighs and petting her mons in anticipation. I knelt in front of her again and began kissing my way up her inner thigh, licking and nibbling as I went.

I nuzzled my nose into her pubic hair, flicking my tongue deeper & deeper into her slit, licking her harder and harder, her clit was swollen and hard, like a pearl under my tongue. I slipped a finger inside her, stroking and probing her, she was incredibly tight, and her pussy pulsed around my finger, squeezing & releasing. I kept licking her, listening to her sighs and moans, her breathing getting faster and heavier. I slipped another finger into her and curled them upward, making a 'come here' motion while I slowly licked her clit. She grabbed my hair and pulled my face to her crotch. I kept licking until she screamed and her thighs locked around my head. She moaned, long and hard and held me captive, riding her climax to the finish.

I forced my self away from her crotch and stood up to step out of the remains of my clothes. 

She looked up at me, a beautiful smile on her face. I knelt between her legs and leaned over her.

" Do you have any idea how long I have dreamed of this?" I asked.

"I wanted you from the day I was hired here. I've fantasized about you for months!"

"It's time to live your dream!" she laughed.

Her legs wrapped around my waist and pulled me to her. She reached down and grabbed my cock, slipping the head between her labia. She gasped as I slid into her, a low breathy sound that started as a sigh and built into a groan of pure pleasure. Her pussy was molten velvet, I thought I was gonna blow my load right there. I held very still, to regain some control. I pushed myself in to the hilt, reveling in the feel of her.

We started rocking on the couch, slowly at first, I started thrusting deeper and harder, and she was arching up to meet every thrust, fucking me as much as I was fucking her. 

She wrapped her arms around me, pulling my face to hers.

"I've been dreaming too!" she said, between moans. 

"You have?"

"Uh-huh, for a long time."

"How long?" I asked.

"Since you were hired. Now shut up and fuck me!"

I reared back to get a better angle and reached down with one hand to stroke her clit while we rocked back and forth, She started to shiver, her hips started jerking and her pussy clamped down on me like a vise.

She was gasping now, short ragged breaths. She wrapped her legs around my hips, pulling so deep inside her I felt her cervix against the tip of my dick. I dug in and pushed harder, still stroking her clit. 

She screamed. A wordless howl of pure pleasure. I was getting close; I felt my load boiling in my balls. I pushed into one more time and let go. 

She screamed again and came just as my first jets of cum shot into her, splashing off her cervix & coating the inside of her pussy. 

I felt a warm rush flow over my dick; She had cum so much she was leaking her juices and my jism all over us.

I started to pull back, but she grabbed me and pulled my face to hers. 

" No! You stay here!" she hissed. Her legs tightened around me again and I felt her pussy quiver. 

I kissed her and that slight movement set off an orgasmic aftershock, she shuddered, and my super-sensitive dick was firmly clamped inside her, sending matching tremors though my body every time either of made the slightest move.

I slowly relaxed against her, our breath mingling, heartbeats gently slowing to normal, the tremors fading. I kissed her again, tasting her mouth and lips. 

We lay like that for awhile, I'm not sure how long.

Slowly we realized that we had better get cleaned up and get home. We cleaned up the couch and sprayed some air freshener around the breakroom. 

We put the unfinished cart back in the stockroom for the morning crew to finish and locked up the store.

As we walked across the parking lot to our cars, Kristina looked at me and took my hand. 

"Two things. First, I am not letting you out of my sight for the rest of the night. We're going to my place. 

Second, you are going to use some of that sick time you have saved up for tomorrow and Monday too. You're not getting away from me then either! What do you say to that?

I grinned at her and pulled her close letting her feel my swelling dick against her stomach. 

"Does that answer your question?"