 This is my first submission. I've never considered myself to be a writer but like most, I enjoy erotic fantasy. I took a leap and decided to write one of those fantasies down. I'm looking for any and all feedback.

*****

Tony turned on his computer before starting a pot of coffee. Sundays were always quiet in the office and even though he hated working on Sunday, he knew he could get caught up without the phone ringing off the hook or the department head constantly tasking him. 

Taking a sip of coffee, the screen flickers to life and after a few taps of the key board, he's logged in and reviewing old emails and his outstanding tasks. 

After his second cup of joe, and an hour later, he's happy with the progress he's making and doesn't think that he'll have to spend as long in the office as he thought. 

"Badading" the sound of "Is Available" echoes in his office. Glancing down he sees that Paula had logged into her computer. 

Paula and Tony had history, nothing too exciting but history nonetheless. They had enjoyed going to lunch a few times during the week, and had even seen each other a few times after work as friends, grabbing some coffee or piece of pie from the local diner. He had always wanted the relationship to be more, but because they worked for the same company, and she was ten years younger than him, he never pursued it more than coffee or lunch. He's was grateful to just enjoy his time with an incredibly good looking woman.

Paula received plenty of attention from the men of the company. Her tiny and tight 5 foot 3 inch frame caught the eye of most men. Her small but firm breasts, bubble butt, and toned legs caused more than one water cooler conversation when she walked by. She always dressed conservatively, but had a remarkable way of being sexy at the same time. The skirts she wore were always at or below her knees and the high hells pushed her ass out which resulted in men whimpering. Long dark hair flowed over her shoulders and framed a beautiful face. But it was her friendly disposition that made her the most attractive. She was constantly smiling and friendly. Some guys would take her friendliness as flirting but would quickly get shot down. So it's another reason why Tony never tried to pursue anything more than lunch. What chance would an upper 30's guy have with such a sought after young lady? 

Not to mention the few times Tony and Paula went to lunch caused office gossip to spread like wild fire. At first they both found it funny, but when people started asking them about specifics, they quickly let it be known they were nothing more than two coworkers going to lunch. It was a lot easier for the girls to believe Paula when she denied it, but Tony couldn't deny the high he got from guys around the office thinking how Tony must be the man, being able to "hit that." Tony would always deny everything when someone would ask. I didn't want anyone saying "Tony said..."

"Hey you, what are you doing at work?" Tony quickly typed sending Paula an instant message. The company had an interoffice chat client that they used to talk to each other during the day. 

"Same bullshit, running reports for David. He always pulls this crap on Friday afternoon and says he needs it by Monday morning."

"I would have come in yesterday but t I spent the day getting ready for the worst date of my life." 

Tony replies, "Ouch...I'm really sorry to hear that. What happened?"

"The guy lied to me from the beginning! I'm ashamed to say I met him online through a dating site.

"And before you say it I know I should have known better!

"And the worst part about it is the fact it completely fucked up my weekend! Now I'm in here on a Sunday taking care of David's bullshit reports!"

Paula rarely cursed and she has to be really pissed off to drop the F bomb.

"Really sorry to hear that Paula, I really am. I didn't mean to hit a sore spot. But I wanted to check in on you and see if everything was ok since you are in here on a Sunday."

"I appreciate it Tony, I'm just upset and feeling sorry for myself again. Seems like I'm destined to watching Netflix by myself LOL."

"Ha Ha Well maybe you and I can go grab some lunch today or something. What kind of gentleman would I be if I left you to watching Netflix all by yourself?"

"Be careful what you offer Tony, I know what guys mean when they say they'll come over to watch Netflix LOL"

"Hey, YOU are the one that said you were tired of watching Netflix alone, I'm just trying to be a gentleman and not leave a damsel in distress. Or worse having to do it alone." 

"What do you mean by DO IT alone?! LOL I'm not that hard up mister!"

"So I'm thinking lunch and DESSERT isn't an option huh? Wink wink" Tony typed.

Tony's flirting let it be known that he was game but always left an out for Paula which she always seemed to take. 

"You better stop! You know the company monitors instant messages and I'd hate to hear you were taken to HR because of Netflix," Paula replied.

"Well if they can't find anything else better to do than monitor conversation between you and I this company has a lot more problems than that LOL"

Tony continued, "I had better get back to work if I'm going to take you to lunch. I don't want you waiting around forever."

"Ok you get back to work, besides I'm almost done so you better hurry! LOL"

Tony went back to concentrating on his task at hand, hoping Paula would wait on him to finish. It was difficult thinking about work with his mind wandering back to what it would be like spending an evening with Paula, sitting on the couch watching Netflix. Yes he knew damn well what that could lead to and he wouldn't be upset about that at all. In fact it wasn't the first time he'd thought about having fun with the young 27 year old Paula. It was damn near painful for Tony to always be the proper gentleman around Paula. Too many times he went home after seeing her with a horrible case of blue balls, but, he wouldn't dare endanger their friendship with unwanted advances. 

Half an hour passes, when Tony hears the door to his office open, startling him. Startling him even more is when he looks up and sees Paula walking in. She was dressed in a pair of tight fitting jeans tucked into a pair of black boots that came up to her knees. And the real knockout was they had a three inch heel. Fuck me boots if he'd ever seen a pair. The white blouse she was wearing was two buttons shy of being suitable for the office, revealing deep cleavage. And the first thing that goes through his mind is thank god its Sunday. 

"What the hell are you doing over here? Are you all done?" Tony asks.

"Yeah I'm done. I told you it doesn't take long on Sundays. How much longer do you have?"

"Well there is no way I'm going to get any more work done with you here distracting me and the way you are dressed. Damn Paula, no wonder the office has a dress code, not a man alive could get anything done around here. Hell some women would be distracted too I'm sure!" Tony tells her jokingly.

Smiling, Paula does a little spin. "Are you telling me you don't like this outfit?" Paula says with a sarcastic tone. She knows damn well that she was looking good.

"I basically wore this outfit last night," Paula said with a sigh, "for my date which turned to hell."

"Again I really am sorry that your date didn't go well. So what really happened?" Tony asked.

Paula began to explain in detail about how her date went. From the guy getting there late and walking in and not looking like his profile picture, being a lot older than he said he was, and she had a sneaky suspicion that he was married. Paula sat down and Tony could see her happy go lucky mood sink.

"Awe, don't worry yourself over it Paula. I've told you before you're a good looking young lady and any guy would be lucky to take you out." Tony told her trying his best to console her and lighten her mood.

"Thank you Tony, I'm really glad you think so." Paula said.

There was an awkward silence and Tony felt his chest pound a little harder. He wanted to give her a hug but didn't know what line to cross with her. They had been friends, but that is all. Tony rolled his chair closer to her and reached out and grabbed the arm of the chair Paula was sitting in and rolled it toward him.

She didn't resist, and Tony reached out to her. She leaned in and Tony wrapped his arms around her. She welcomed the embrace resting her head on his shoulder. Holding her tight, Tony could hear the soft exhale from Paula as she relaxed. It felt natural holding her. She melted in his arms and it felt really good. 

Tony started moving his hand up and down her back, slowly stroking her spine and he felt her nuzzle in a little closer. 

"Paula come here." Tony told her as he sat up. She looked at him, but again didn't resist. She sat across Tony's lap, with her legs dangling over the side and again rested her head on his shoulder. With one arm around her shoulders he pulled her closer and he gently rested his other arm over her lap. 

Tony could smell the sweet scent of her hair, and looking down could gaze into the deep crevice between her breasts from the opened blouse. Her round bottom fit incredibly nice in his lap, and felt amazing. 

Slowly moving his hand he began rubbing the outside of her thigh and again Paula let out a soft murmur. 

"I'm sure things are going to be a lot better for you Paula," Tony said while rocking her back and forth in his office chair.

"You just have to give it a chance." Tony continued.

Paula looked up at Tony with her beautiful green eyes and said, "I'd settle for some nice company with someone I trusted while watching Netflix" And a bright little smirk came across her face.

Tony could feel the blood rushing to his groin. Her scent, her ass in his lap, starring down and looking at the smooth curves of her breasts disappear under the cotton blouse was just too much for him. He felt his cock getting hard, and wasn't for sure what he should do about it. Sit up and make her get off his lap? Maybe it was too late and she could feel his arousal. 

She felt so perfect sitting there he felt the natural urge to kiss her. Starring into her eyes, again awkward silence and he leaned forward, and his lips met hers. She leaned into him and met his soft kiss with equal passion. Tony allowed his hand to continue massaging her thigh while his other hand rubbed her back. Their kiss deepens, lips parting and tongues exploring. Reaching up Tony runs his fingers through her long hair and soft moans escape between her lips. Lightly pulling her hair, Paula's head leans back exposing her neck and Tony's lips find their mark. More soft moans from Paula only louder this time.

"Oh god Tony," Paula said panting, "this is wrong but Jesus it feels so good."

"If you tell me to stop, I will Paula. But if you don't..." Tony let his statement just hang there waiting for some sort of reply.

Paula could feel the hardness of Tony's aroused cock pressing into her bottom, and she could feel the heat radiating between her legs. It had been such long time and she knew she couldn't stop Tony now even if she wanted to.

Paula grasped the back of Tony's head and pulled it harder into her neck where he greedily devoured her soft flesh. Paula began panting and her breathing was raspy and sporadic. Tony shot his hand between Paula's legs, and she gasped, inhaling deeply. Tony's head lowered and kissed a trail down her neck and across her collar bone. 

"No, don't stop Tony, god don't stop" Paula pleaded. 

Tony continued kissing lower and lower. His mouth moved between her breasts kissing and licking. Paula's fingers were entwined in Tony's hair silently urging him further. Tony let his kisses linger between Paula's breasts, when his hand cupped the full round orb through her blouse, squeezing it in closer. He could feel the stiffness of her nipple poking through the material and it aroused him even more. He rolled the nubbin between his thumb and finger and Paula let out another long moan.

With deft fingers he unbuttoned one, then two, and finally a third button on Paula's blouse. Paula's chest was bare and the thin lace bra exposed. Tony could clearly make out the dark circles underneath and quickly wrapped his lips around the hard tips. 

"Mmmmmmmm" Paula purred and Tony sucked her nipples through the lacey material. 

"God damn Paula you have an amazing body." Tony said, shifting around in his chair and moved Paula's ass. Paula swung her leg around until she was straddling Tony.

Tony let his hands travel inside Paula's wide open blouse, running them up and down her sides while their lips were mashed together. Paula was slowly grinding her ass into Tony's lap, dry humping him through their clothes. 

"Oh my god Paula! There really is no way I can stop now if I wanted to." Tony told her.

"I don't want you to Tony." Paula said with confidence.

"Wait a minute" Tony said, while moving Paula from his lap."

"I know its Sunday but, I'll feel safer if," Tony stood and walked to the door turning the lock. "I'll lock this door. Just in case."

Walking back to Paula he got a good look at her. She was sitting in the chair, feet apart but knees together. Her blouse was open and pulled out from being tucked in her jeans. As disheveled as she was, she looked fucking amazing. Her tits stuck out from her chest covered by the lacey bra, and her skin was smooth and creamy. Her hair was strewn about, and she had a wanton look in her eyes. When Tony was a couple of feet away from Paula, she sat up and reached her hand out, grasping the front of Tony's pants from the waistband. Her hands made quick work of his belt and quickly had his jeans unbuttoned. She placed the palm of her hand on outline of Tony's hard cock sliding it up and down, massaging him through the denim material while slowly sliding down his zipper. Paula looked up while Tony was looking down. Her eyes sparkled and the corners of her mouth turned up in a sly grin.

"Is it wrong of me to say I've thought about this more than once?" Paula said.

Tony could only stare with a simple reply, "You're not the only one Paula."

Paula bit her lower lip while reaching her hand inside pulling Tony's hard shaft free of his trousers. She then wrapped her fingers around gripping the thickness at the base, opened her mouth and sucked the head inside. Tony let out a low growl, and closed eyes.

"Oh my fucking god Paula, that feels amazing." Opening his eyes he looked down and seen Paula's eyes shut in concentration. Her head was moving back and forth and his dick appeared and disappeared between Paula's lips as she hungrily sucked. She gobbled Tony's manhood like she had been deprived and was starving. With one hand gripping the base she expertly rolled her hand jacking him off while she reached her other hand up and between his legs, massaging and fondling Tony's hairless balls. 

Tony's breathing became deep and controlled. Now it was he who was concentrating on the expertness of Paula's blowjob. She was good...damn good, and he knew he would empty his balls down her throat quickly if he didn't forcibly control holding off his orgasm. 

Tony reached down and entwined his fingers through Paula's hair on the back of her head. He began moving his hips back and forth matching the movements of Paula, and began slowly and methodically fucking her mouth. The room was full of erotic sounds, from Tony's grunts and groans to the muffled noises of Paula's throat and breathing through her nose. 

And just when Tony thought he couldn't take anymore, he reached down and took Paula by the chin and pulled her up. 

Tony kissed her hard and deep. He could taste the saltiness on her lips and tongue and it fueled him. 

"I need you and need you now Paula." Tony commanded. 

Tony unfastened Paula's jeans and spun her around. He tugged and pushed her pants, taking her panties down with them. He placed his hand between her shoulder blades and bent her over at the waist. The site before him was incredibly erotic. Her jeans were down around her knees and the high heeled boots she was wearing, jutted her ass out and gave him the perfect angle to penetrate. Taking his cock in his hand, he lined the tip at the sweet opening that was presented to him and pushed. The head separated the pink lips and entered Paula just enough to cause a low deep moan from her. "Mmmmmmmmmmmm Yes!" Paula cooed.

Tony withdrew only slightly before digging his fingers into Paula's hips and thrust forward again driving most of his thick eight inches inside her.

This time Paula howled. "Ohhhh yes! Yes Tony fuck me! God fuck me! I've wanted this!" 

Tony didn't want to disappoint and dug his fingers in deeper, pulling her hips back while thrusting forward. This time he buried his entire length inside Paula's young tight pussy and held it there enjoying the quivering of her muscles. 

Paula gripped the sides of Tony's desk as she rode out her first orgasm. She could barely breathe and was in shock that just feeling Tony's thick cock inside her was enough to make her cum. Her eyes widened and she began panting when she felt him withdraw before starting a steady in and out rhythm. 

A half a dozen deep strokes of Tony's hot, hard, shaft had Paula screaming again while her body shuddered. Her orgasms were coming in waves now...one right after the other while Tony kept up a fevered pace. 

Tony looked down between their bodies watching his dick move in and out of her. He could see it covered in her creamy white girl cum and it turned him on even more. He swore he could feel his cock getting harder, thicker, and longer as he split Paula's pussy open. 

Tony had imagined how tight Paula was, but had no idea just how tight this young, never married, twenty-something would be. His balls were tightening and he knew he wouldn't last long. The whole scenario was overwhelming. Her mouth had primed him, and now her tight pussy was quickly going to finish the job.

"Mmmphhh mmmphhh" Tony grunted while pounding the flesh bent over in front of him. Paula was gasping and riding the waves of pleasure coursing through her abdomen and body while gripping Tony's desk even harder. 

"Jesus Paula you're so damn tight! I can't last any longer." Tony exclaimed needing to know where he should empty his balls.

"Cum inside me. God please don't pull out now...FILL ME!" Paula screamed, reassuring Tony in a not so lady like manner.

With a final growl, Tony lunge his hips forward. He held her tight burying his length deep inside her sex. Tony's body started to spasm as the first burst of cum filled Paula's insides and his body jerked and convulsed in rapid succession matching each time his cock erupted.

Paula let out another long loud moan as her final and most powerful climax ripped through her body. She dug her fingers into the wood veneer of the desk hanging on for the ride she was being given.

Paula milked the last drops of cum from Tony's shaft, causing Tony to sporadically jerk as little shock waves pierced through him.

Tony had to concentrate to breathe, trying his best to fill his lungs with much needed oxygen. Paula lay motionless, as she too tried to regain some resemblance of breath. 

When Tony found the strength, and composure, he propped himself up on his elbows, but still his chest touched Paula's back. He began with soft kisses on the back of her neck.

"You my dear are simply incredible." Tony whispered in Paula's ear. "As often as I'd fantasized about doing this, I never in a million years thought it possible."

"Are you telling me you're sorry for fucking me?" Paula replied.

"God no." Tony said. "I'm just in awe that it finally happened, and damn glad it did!"

Tony pushed up and started to stand. His softening cock slipped from its tight confines and a mixture of their pleasure ran down the insides of Paula's thighs and onto the floor. 
