 It was my first month at a new town...and working at a new office didn't provide much encouragement either. Despite everyone being friendly, I was missing my family profusely and somehow dismantled my plans of finally moving on my own. I was determined to set my views on working awfully hard and tried to separate myself away from going out with any of my new found friends...less alone going out with anybody. With one unsuccessful relationship after another, I figured out that men were definitely better off as friends. Not until I met Jason. He wasn't the usual yuppie kinda guy but his sex appeal was treacherous. He flirted around me a lot but I kept my feelings at bay. Working under one company didn't prove any different though, and despite noticing his steely blue-gray eyes once and awhile (and how positively cute he was), I decided that having lunch and sharing cups of stale coffee wasn't brutally enough to fabricate any romantic thoughts inside my head. And as far as friendship would go, I knew how to set my limits, especially after hearing rumors that he was hooked up with someone else. Even with me bestowing him the pet name "daddy" didn't really say much about us being platonically going beyond what's there. That simply proclaims that he was under another woman's territory. Or that is I am about to find out.

I was working late on some reports one Friday night and with everybody else heading off to some party or the nearest bar, I took this chance to catch up on some extra work so I wouldn't have to be dragged down by Monday. And with only a few fluorescent lights on and the constant sounds of my keyboard, my eyes were ready to drop. So I decided to minimize my excel window and surf a little through the net. Fancy though that my mouse would stumble upon searching for some porn websites and this kinda got my energy running, not to mention..slightly aroused. Page after page, I saw multiple scenes that got me quite antsy, and my hand slowly dropping to the buttons of my jeans. I looked up to see that of course no one was around, and this got me even more turned on, finally having the courage to open my pants and slip my hand to the crotch of my panties that felt slightly soaked.

I didn't really need the help of the porn site at that point. Slowly, I played my fingers on my clit while my other hand reached up to massage my boob under the pink sweater I was wearing. I rested my head on the swivel chair and raised my left leg on the table while my fingers slip frantically into my pussy. It felt so good, as I pushed it faster, careless of getting caught masturbating within the office premises with my jeans falling further down my knees and half of my breasts showing and my nipples all taut. I was getting that close to an orgasm when a half-groan erupted from beside me. I thought for a moment that it must be me but when I opened my eyes, I almost shrunk midget upon seeing Jason just a few inches away from where my leg was propped up.

"Oh my God." I mumbled, hastily pulling everywhere, my fingers from my pussy, my pants up, and my pink almost torn sweater down.

"Shit..I don't know what to say." My words came in a flurry and my whole face has turned beet red. He must think what a total perv I was. I wanted him to say something, but I figured he was just as shocked as I was. I guessed wrong. 

"Jason," I started again, but he stood before me now and took the hand that was inside my cunt earlier. Gingerly he brought it up to his face, smelling my pussy juices before sucking on two of my fingers.

"Don't stop Lynn..I wanna see you touch yourself again." He murmured, pulling me up to my feet and squeezing my boobs through my sweater. I was breathing heavily this time, considering the fact that I have wanted to fuck him for the longest time and realizing that he just caught me masturbating earlier didn't seem so embarrassing anymore. It actually turned me on.

"You want to see me fuck myself baby?" I murmured back, slowly pulling the buttons on my jeans. 

"Yeah, show me how wet your pussy can get." Jason drawled near my ear, while massaging my breasts underneath my sweater, which made me groan. With my pants at a heap on the floor and just my black thong covering my cunt, he lifted me up at the waist and placed me on the desk, spreading my legs with his knee.

"Let me see how big your tits are." And he drew my sweater off, leaving my bra and my panties on.

"Hmm, just the way I like it baby. Now show daddy what makes you hot." He managed to smile, taking his seat on a nearby chair. I felt like some sixteen year old auditioning for some porn flick, but the thought of Jason watching me there with his beautiful grayish blue eyes, I felt so horny. I raised my legs just over the desk, exposing myself to him, and then gingerly moved the line of my thong for him to see my throbbing clit. I bit on my lower lip and started what I was doing earlier, rubbing on my nub while easing one and then two fingers into my hole. The pleasure was all too good that I was soon lying on the desk, furiously pumping my fingers into my pussy.

"OH yeah...Fuck I'm so fucking hot..." I was moaning loudly, hearing only the squishing sounds of my fingers dipping into my hole as it created more pussy juice...that..and Jason's labored breathing.

"That's it Lynn, cmon make your pussy come for me. Fuck yourself with your fingers baby and Daddy's gonna lick it all up." He said, and that dirty talk shot me even faster. I was getting so close and when I felt that grip on my tummy, I felt the orgasm would never stop.

"Oh Jason I'm cumming..I'm cumming baby..." I moaned, twisting frantically on the desk, burying my fingers deeper into my cunt. I was still focused on making myself come some more when I felt Jason's hand pull my fingers out and I sat up surprised.

"I told you I wanted to taste this sweet pussy too." He smiled, lowering himself on my outspread legs and started lapping at my juices, every now and then nibbling on my distended clit, while tongue fucking me.

"Yes...oh yes..don't stop please." I murmured, feeling his tongue deeper and deeper. I clutched at his shoulders, feeling my strength fade away. When it did subside, I pulled him up towards me, seeking his lips and kissed him madly, tasting my own cum in his mouth. His strong hands unclasped my bra while I hurried to the zipper of his slacks, wanting to feel his cock inside me, wanting to suck it.

"My little baby wants to play?" He crooned, flickering his tongue on my nipples, and I groaned in his neck, freeing his stiff cock from his boxers.

"I wanted you so bad Jason....so so bad." I stroked his cock up and down.

"Well you have me right here baby.." He continued to suck my tits but I pushed him away and asked him to stand in front of me. I kneeled and continued to slide my hand up and down his shaft and then took his balls in mouth, slurping away like a needy child.

"Ah yes that's it baby, suck on my cock. Feed it to your greedy mouth." I didn't need much encouragement, I felt like some slut, with nothing on but a black thong and a dick slapping teasingly in front of my face. But I was so freaking horny, I wanted to taste Jason's cock from the time I first met him. And right now the opportunity was literally in front of me. I opened my mouth wide and sucked him to his full length, feeling him hitting the back of my throat that I could only breathe through my nose. I was sucking his cock fervently, my saliva dripping on the side on my lips, feeling his length serving all possibilities. His hands found it's way on the back of my head, urging me to swallow him further that I could almost gag with his hardness.

"Ooohh...you're one good cocksucker baby." He crooned, rocking his hips back and forth. I could only groan.

"Look at me, look up at me bitch..look at me with your eyes so I can see how you like my cock." He ordered and I did what he asked, sucking faster and faster, and his hands pushing my head. The way he groaning made me so hot, that I can almost feel the juice slowly trickling down my thighs. I didn't stop from what I was doing until I felt Jason pull me up and dragged my hips to the nearest chair. He sat down.

"Ride me baby...ride my cock." He ordered once more, and just when I was about to sit on him face front, he turned me around and grabbed my hips, spreading my ass cheeks and positioning his cock on my swollen pussy.

I groaned feeling the head slowly touching my vaginal lips. But he didn't push all the way through.

"Jason...?" I whispered.

"What do you want Lynda?" He asked, touching my tits and rolling both nipples with his fingers. I wanted his cock so bad, but silence muted me, still somehow ashamed that I was giving him so much of me so soon.

"What does my baby girl want?" He asked again, licking the side of my neck.

"I want your cock to fuck me baby." I replied almost pleadingly. He didn't say anything after that, but he surged his hips forward and pulled my hips down to his full length. I was so wet that I felt it easily slide into my cunt, and the delicious feeling of him filling me to the womb.

"Oh yes Jason baby that's it, fuck my pussy baby...fuck me hard." I moaned much louder this time, but I was the one guiding the action as I raised my hips up and down meeting his thrusts and buckling on his cock like a wild slut. He took both of my tits in his big hands while I touched my clit and rubbed it frantically with each time I rode his shaft. Once again there was that squishing sound and the smell of sex embracing the room. The air-conditioner was in full blast, but I felt my body wrapped in sweat as I continued to rock my hips with his movements.

"Damn baby, your pussy is so tight.." Jason was murmuring behind me, using his hand to spread my ass cheeks wider, watching my wet pussy take all of his cock in.

"You like it tight daddy?" I bit my lip, using that particular endearment that I tease him with. He smiled, pumping harder..and faster, making me cringe a little with the force, but liking the way I could feel my thighs slapping on his balls. 

"Yeah..Daddy likes it wet and tight at the same time baby..I always want you to be fucking horny like this...Ahh yes...that's it...ride my cock." Jason repeated several times. It seems he was at a loss for words too. 

I was lost in the sensation of riding him. I couldn't care less if he had a girlfriend, or if this is only a one-time thing that I was allowed o do with him. Our bodies fit together perfectly, and I felt myself drowning inch by inch with the pleasure he was giving me. Who cared about tomorrow, all I cared about was reaching my orgasm..and fast. I did somehow began to feel it coming, as I rode my pace faster, slamming my hips harder onto his pole.

"That's it baby...that's my good baby girl..come for daddy." Jason helped me with my thrusts as I aim for my pleasure, and then for the second time that night, I felt a grip on my tummy, and my pussy wrapped itself like a vice on his cock, and milked him and my senses away.

"I'm fucking coming daddy..ohhh shit...fuck I'm cumminnngg!!!" I shouted, the finger rubbing my clit almost bursted, as my pussy juices slip carelessly down my hole to both our thighs and to his balls.

"Oh yes.." I sighed, his still hard cock plummeting inside my soaked pussy.

"You lik it baby...well I'm almost there too...wanna come one more time?" Jason asked as he pushed me up and carried me over to the desk and plunged his cock deep into me again, with my legs open wide. His thrusts became much faster, while his hands gripped my tits...I was slippery and he pumped harder and harder until I felt he was near.

"Cum In my mouth." I told him, and he wasn't able to warn me but hastily pulled out and aimed at my tits and my face. I let out my tongue and catched some of his jizz spray across so I leaned over and took back his cock in my mouth to suck him clean.

"Hmm.." He groaned.

When the sensations were gone, I suddenly felt the embarrassment seeping in me again, but as I was getting dressed, I felt Jason pull me to face him and his mouth descended on mine, darting his tongue with mine. I felt all weak again and clutched on his shoulders for support.

"Lynda..I'll take care of you baby." He smiled, those beautiful eyes hypnotizing me again.

"Okay Jason. whatever daddy wants. daddy gets." And we both laughed out loud.