 I clung to the embrace longer than I should have, feeling your body against mine, knowing I was crossing an invisible line, but reason had dissolved as soon as your arms were around me. Then I felt your lips on my neck and desire rushed in, washing away any trepidation I may have had left. I moved you around to lean against my truck, pressing my body against you, my left hand sliding down to cup your ass and squeeze it gently, my other hand going to your face and caressing your cheek.

I can feel your hands on my back and hear your mewing breath as I kiss your neck as you kissed mine. You lean your head back, eyes closed and I can feel myself growing hard against you, confined by my tight jeans. The hand on your face slides down slowly to your neck, caressing your skin, then down to your breast, my fingers tracing its curve from top around to the bottom. My tongue plays across your neck and you can feel my breath hot on your moist flesh.

I know that we have reached the point of no return when your hand slides down to my ass and pulls me against you. I can feel you slightly grinding your hips against me. Do you even know you are doing it? I can hear your breath quickening as I press my denim-wrapped hardness against you and finally my mouth finds yours, hungry and almost whimpering for my tongue. 

My hand leaves your breast and slides further down across your stomach and come to rest on your crotch, cupping your pussy through the fabric and feeling the heat and moisture radiating from there.

I press the heel of my palm against your pubis and feel you press back, a soft moan escapes your lips and you hand goes from my back to the front of my jeans, slowly stroking my aching member through the denim. Our kisses become more passionate, our breathing become heavier. 

To my surprise, you stop rubbing and begin to fumble at my button-fly, almost desperately. As you manage to undo the buttons on my jeans, I stop rubbing you and begin to undo your shorts. Suddenly my cock is in your hand, your soft fingers slowly working it up and down, tracing down under my balls and I can feel the gentle scrape of your finger nails as you drag them back up and all the way to the tip of my shaft.

I manage to slide your shorts down and slide my hand inside your soaked panties, feeling your soft hair, and then your wet lips. You moan again as I gently massage your clit with the tip of my middle finger and your hand begins to move faster. Feeling your wetness around my hand, I slide two finders inside you, one on either side of your clit, pressing against it as they glide into your wet pussy. I hear you gasp and I begin to move them in and out of you slowly. Again, your pelvis rocks against my hand and I wonder if you even know you are doing it. Your other hand comes around to take my cock in both hands and stroke it lovingly up and down.

I feel your body start to shudder a bit and your breathing gets quicker. I know you are about to cum for me and I move my fingers quicker on your clit and in your pussy. I kiss your neck again, nibble on your earlobes and whisper in your ear "Cum for me Patti... cum for me..." Your hands leave my cock, wrapping around my neck and I can feel your body start to shake... grin as your breath catches and you convulse as your climax hits you, burying your face in my shoulder and trying to stifle your cries, not wanting to attract attention from the restaurant. 

As your breathing begins to return to normal, I slid your shorts down further and off one leg, then move between your thighs, my throbbing cock erect and waiting. I rub it against your inner thighs and wet lips, waiting for your permission to enter you.

I slip my cock slowly into you, first the head, then I pull back... then the head and a little more... and then out again... I hear you softly begging for it but want to draw it out as long as I can. I can smell your scent and it is driving me wild, but I restrain my urge for a little while longer... another inch... and out... one hand has slipped up your shirt and undone your bra, freeing your breasts and now my thumb and forefinger roll one nipple, tugging at it gently while my other hand is on your bare ass now, guiding your hips against me... another inch... and out.

After what seems like an eternity of the teasing strokes of my cock, I finally plunge into you fully, pressing deep inside and hold there for a moment, hearing you gasp, reveling in the feeling of being engulfed in you. You lift one leg up behind me to wrap it around my waist and I begin to slowly move in and out of you, each stroke grinding across your clit and burying into you totally. Your hips move in time with mine and I can feel your muscles tightening around me, and I know you have another climax building.

Your grip holds me fast inside you and I kiss you deeply, trying to press deeper, pulling your ass to bring you closer, pinching your nipple harder now, and nibbling on your tongue and lips. I want to fuck you hard now, you have me so hot and I need you to cum for me again.

I manage to escape your grip and suddenly, almost forcefully, I turn you around and bend you over the hood of my truck, holding your hands out to the side. In one stroke, I drive my aching tool into you from behind, pushing deep into you until I am fully impaled into your throbbing pussy. I begin to fuck you steadily, my balls slapping against the backs of your thighs, my strong arms holding your wrists so you can't move your arms. I growl in your ear "cum for me, Katie... cum for me again..."

I continue driving at you from behind, feeling your grip on my cock but forcing against it, making you feel me fucking you. I pull your wrists behind your back and hold them with one hand. My other hand reaches around to rub your clit while I ram my cock deeper and faster into you. I hear you moaning loudly now, not caring who hears us and I feel you shudder again as your orgasm hits hard, crying out, your pussy gripping and throbbing around my cock, you are sobbing now with the pleasure and I am feeling my own climax approaching.

As your cries subside, I turn you over again and put your legs up over my shoulders, laying you back on the hood of the truck. I lean down to suck on your nipple as I slide my cock inside you again, not stopping until it is completely in you.

I fuck you steadily now, feeling your slick wetness along my shaft, I know that I can't last much longer, I want you too badly, desire you too much, fucking you faster and harder, sucking fiercely on your nipple, feeling my climax building again letting it build this time, wanting to fill you, fucking you so hard.

I explode into you, shooting my cum and a growl escapes my lips as a primal roar and I fill you, still driving hard, my head back and eyes closed, still fucking you hard as I cum, pumping furiously into you, hoping you will cum again with me, and I feel you shake and shudder under me, cumming hard too, your cries mingling with mine in the dark outside.