 Marina was on vacation. She had taken the week off to paint, repair and do various things around her new home. New to her anyway as she had moved in only a few months ago. During the week, she had taken two day trips just to feel like it was a vacation but on this Thursday evening, she was home. The phone rang and Marina picked it up without thinking and without looking at the display. After she said her customary "Hello", she heard the voice of one of her co-workers.

"Marina, the spectrometer is down."

"James, I'm on vacation. Call the on-call person."

"I can't! The plant manager told me to call you. He wants you to come fix it."

"Well, if the plant manager wants me to come in, put him on the phone and have him ask me."

While she waited for James to get the plant manager, Marina was not impressed. When others were on vacation, she never called them and always dealt with whatever was wrong herself. She had spent hours teaching her two colleagues how to repair the spectrometer and deal with other issues. Why couldn't they take care of it?

The plant manager grabbed the phone and said "Marina, I really need for you to come in and fix this thing. Something about a window blown and you're the only one who can fix it."

Marina stewed. "What about Steve and Suzanne? They also know how to fix it!"

"Well, Steve has the flu and has been sicker than a dog for two days now and Suzanne is stuck home with a sick child. Your boss was here but I sent him home, he's useless."

"Tell me you didn't just say that in front of James!"

"Naw, he's gone. Will you please come in?"

"How did you find out it was the window?"

"I don't know, your boss got the supplier to do a remote diagnostics and they said it was the window but they can't be here until Monday. They said their contract says two working days and that would be Monday. Please Marina? We can't shut down and wait for them."

"What's in it for me? I am on vacation after all!" Marina asked teasingly.

"Well, you can take an extra day later to compensate."

"One day! Aren't you a cheap one!"

"Okay, okay, two days then."

"That's better. Now what else could I guilt you into?"

"That's about all I can give Marina. You know the economic situation is tight."

"How about a hand fixing this thing?"

"You want me to help you?"

"You could be my assistant. Passing tools and whatever else I need."

"You got it. Anything else your little heart desires that doesn't cost anything?"

"Your ear to discuss a few things. And then a hug and a kiss when I'm all done?"

"Done deal, now will you get in here already?"

So Marina went to the plant and went to the lab, grabbing her tools and the necessary parts from her office. The plant manager, Dave, was in the control room and when he saw her through the windows, he came in and asked "So how do I help?"

Marina called up some other windows on the spectrometer computer and confirmed that the problem was indeed the window. She then opened up her tool box and started taking the spectrometer apart.

"Your job will be to hold the flashlight so I can see what I'm doing."

"That I can do. Your boss had no clue what to do so I sent him home. I'm not impressed with him right now."

Marina set all the tools she knew she'd need on the computer desk next to the spectrometer along with the replacement window. 

As she worked, she asked Dave "Didn't you tell me that you were once a technical manager yourself?"

"Yes. Why?"

"Well, when you were doing my boss' job, did you know how to do this?"

There was only silence. 

"Do you truly expect your managers to know how to do everything we do?"

"I guess not."

"I think you were a bit hard on my boss tonight. After all, he did know to get the supplier to do a remote diagnostic on this thing!"

"I'm surprised you'd defend him. We both know he's not the most competent you ever had."

"Ah, but I've gotten used to him and his limitations and work well with him. You can't expect him to be able to do everything in my job when you couldn't do it yourself. I really think you'll have to call him and apologize."

"Yeah, I guess I'll have to. Tomorrow, it's a bit too late tonight to do that."

Marina finished changing the window with Dave's help, talking about this and that while doing so, giving her opinions on some situations, getting explanations for some others. She closed up the machine and started it up. Within 20 minutes, it was obvious that the change had fixed the issue but the machine still had to stabilize. Telling Dave this, she smiled and said "Thanks, helper!"

"Do you still need me here?"

"Not really. I still have to run standards to make sure everything's fine."

"Well, how about you come to my office when you're all done?"

"Sure."

Marina tidied up around the machine and put everything away, waiting for it to stabilize. Then, she ran the standards and when satisfied with the results, handed the machine back to production and QC testing. She then bid the production crew and James goodnight, saying she was probably going to talk with Dave for a while before leaving. And she headed down to Dave's office.

"Hi!"

"You're all done?"

"Yes, and it's working just fine."

"Thank you so much for coming in."

"Hey, I get two days off later and now, I've come to get my hug and kiss."

Dave got up but walked past her, to her big surprise. Marina turned around to see what he was doing and smiled when he shut the door and then turned off the main lights, leaving only his desk lamp to softly cast a glow in the room.

Dave then came back towards her and when he reached her, he pulled her into his arms and hugged her close for a while. Then, he pulled away and looked into her eyes before bending down and gently kissing her on the lips. Pulling away but not completely, he looked into her eyes again, searching.

Then, they both leaned in and kissed, tongues dueling. After a moment, Marina pulled away.

"Stop. We can't be doing this."

"I know, I'm your boss' boss and I shouldn't be doing this. But you are so amazing that I just can't help being attracted to you."

"But you're married Dave!"

"Uh, haven't you heard? I mean, I thought everyone knew."

"Knew what?"

"My wife left over two months ago."

"Two months ago? How come I never heard this?"

"Probably because you were busy with your own split and move."

"I guess so."

Dave then bent down and kissed her lightly on the lips again and then asked "Now can I kiss you the way I really want to?"

Marina smiled and pulled him to her, engaging him in a searing hot kiss. They kissed for a while, their hands roaming. Then, Marina felt herself being slowly moved across the room. When her backside hit the conference table, Marina felt Dave's hands move between them and reach for her belt. Dave's lips left hers and went down her neck. Marina moaned and then whispered "Dave, here?"

Dave pulled back and said "Don't worry, the door is locked and nobody else has a key. If we're quiet, they'll never know we're in here. And I really want you Marina."

"I want you first."

"Really?"

"Yeah." Marina's voice was thick with desire as she reached for the front of his pants, caressing him through the fabric. She found something hard and desperate for freedom. She undid his belt and zipper and pushed down his pants and boxers, releasing his semi hard cock. She turned him around so his back would be against the table and then went down on her knees before him and grabbed hold of his cock and started stroking it. He braced himself on the table and let himself enjoy it.

Marina moved forward and took a closer look at the rapidly expanding cock in her hand. Hard, it stood proudly at about 9 inches and was wide enough to make her mouth water. She gently licked the tip of it, causing a sharp intake of breath to its owner. Encouraged, Marina kissed it again and this time lingered. She took the whole head in her mouth and then took as much of him into her mouth as she could. She licked and sucked and played with his cock, enjoying it almost as much as he did. Dave was softly moaning his enjoyment and at times almost forgetting to breathe. Marina used her lips, her tongue and her hands to caress and tease each and every part of his hard cock and big balls, sending thrills up and down his spine. At one point, Dave let go of the table with one hand and put his fingers through her hair. Finding it tied back, he hoarsely asked "Can I take your braid apart? I'd really like to see your hair down."

Marina nodded her consent and kept sucking on his cock, slowing down while he took the elastic off the end of her braid and took the braid apart. Marina moaned as he took the braid apart and ran his fingers through her hair.

"You like this?" he whispered.

Marina let go of his cock and said "Yeah, let me show you how much." 

And she resumed devouring his cock, licking and sucking with more intensity and vigor now. Dave had to brace himself on the table again, nonetheless keeping one hand in her hair. Then, close to the edge, he wrapped his hand in her hair and guided her, essentially fucking her face with his hard cock. She took it and moaned on his cock, sending him over the edge. She almost choked on it when it first hit the back of her throat and then recovering and swallowing it all. When he was done, he relaxed his grip on her hair and her head and allowed her to pull back. She made sure he was licked clean and then stood up to kiss him. 

Dave kissed her hungrily, partly to thank her for what she'd just done for him but mostly to indicate that he wanted her too.

"Now my turn to kiss you like I really want to."

Dave continued by kissing her neck and pulling on her belt. Marina moaned and pulled his face back to hers to kiss him again. Then, one of her hands went down to help him undo her pants. As they were doing so, they turned themselves around so Marina's backside was once more against the table. When they got her pants undone, Dave pushed the pants down and, pulling her shoes off, got her pants totally off her. Then, grabbing a chair to sit on, he pushed her onto the table and wasted no time, diving towards her trimmed pussy. As soon as she felt his tongue licking her pussy lips, Marina moaned loudly.

"Shhhh... "

"Sorry" Marina whispered. "It's just been so long."

"I know, love, it's been a while for me too. Now be quiet and let me feast. These are the lips I've really wanted to kiss." 

And with that, he resumed licking her slit, sending delicious bolts of electric current through her body. He used his fingers to gently part her folds and allow himself access to her sensitive nub, teasing it, then sucking on it, taking her close to the edge and then backing off. With his other hand, he gently inserted a finger into her wet pussy, making her buck up against him. Soon, he pushed a second finger into her and was working his fingers in and out of her pussy and then around inside, stimulating all parts of her. Marina was getting close to the edge, as evidenced by the way she pushed herself up from the table, soliciting more and more pressure from his tongue. 

Then, she softly begged him: "Please Dave."

Understanding her need, he focused on her sensitive clit with his tongue and on her sweet spot inside with his fingers. Marina put her hand over her mouth to muffle her moans and then she came, suddenly lifting her bottom off the table and pressing against Dave's mouth. Dave held her on the edge as long as possible and then let her down gently, lapping up her juices as she made her way back to reality.

Marina then lifted herself onto her elbow and whispered "I want you inside Dave, I want you to fuck me."

"You won't have to ask me twice, baby, I'm so hard I could burst."

With that, he stood up and positioned himself between her legs. He grabbed her legs and pulled them up against his chest, her ankles on either side of his head. He slowly but surely pressed against her pussy, his hard cock parting her folds and making its way into her wetness. 

"Oh God, your pussy is so hot and tight!"

Marina could only moan in response, the pleasure too intense for any words. Dave started rocking back and forth, not fully filling her yet.

Marina grabbed the edge of the table with both hands and pulled herself towards him more, indicating her need for full penetration.

He obliged, pushing in deeper, the tip of his cock hitting her sweet spot inside and driving her wild. Dave alternated between slow and fast, taking them both to the edge and easing back, making the pleasure last. Then, he let go of her legs, and pushing them on either side of him, he bent down and unbuttoned her blouse. 

"I want to see these. They've had my attention for so long."

Marina smiled, she had on a front closure bra that would make it easy for him to fully access her breasts.

When he had her blouse undone, she reached up and undid the clasp, exposing her large breasts to his eyes.

"Wow." 

That was all he said, bending down further and playing with her nipples with both hands. He had all but stopped moving. He dipped his head and took one of her nipples between his lips and then teased it with his tongue. Under his attentions, Marina arched her back and then started moving her pelvis against him and that's when he started moving again. His tongue teasing one nipple, his hand teasing the other nipple and his movement pushed her over the edge once more, causing her to moan loudly at first and then muffling it with her hand. As she came, she squeezed her pussy muscles around his cock, giving him heightened pleasure.

Soon, he let go of her nipple with his lips, replacing them with his fingers and tweaking her peaks and he gave her a quick kiss before pressing hard against her and groaning his own release. Then, he kissed her softly, tenderly as they both returned to earth.

When they were done cleaning up and straightening their clothes, Dave took Marina in his arms and looked into her eyes.

"I'd really like to do this again sometime."

"Maybe in a bed?" She asked teasingly.

"That would be nice indeed."

He kissed her gently and then somber, said "This can't be made public though. We have to be extremely discreet 'cause I could be accused of sexual harassment or preferential treatment."

"I know. We'll keep this a secret and you can be as hard on me -- or in me -- as you need to be to show no preference. Just be careful you don't go to the extreme and attract even more attention!"

He laughed at her joke and kissed her again. Then said "You should go first and use the back stairs. Then, I'll follow you home."

"By the way, these overtime perks beat getting paid." Marina said with a smile before leaving.

The End.