 It's been a busy day, the floor has been hectic, all offices full. Now however, the last couple of weary workers plod their way down the corridor, past the kitchen area with itsthe remnants of buffet set out on the table and make their way down the stairs.

I'm still sat at my desk, as I know you are. I should have left by now but I've been waiting to clear up.

I go to the window and watch the stragglers get in their cars and make their way out of the yard. I hear a noise as the timer on the doors engages meaning no access without a keyfob.

I gather the plate and glass from my desk and stroll into the kitchen area opposite your office. Gathering up the rest of the buffet plates I noisily load up the dishwasher, throwing the bits of napkin and other scraps of food into the dustbin. I will do the platters shortly as they need scrapping down, bits of fruit and cake not eaten by execs watching their waistlines remain. I glance over at your office; you look deep in thought staring at your laptop with a frown on your face. 

I nonchalantly walk to your office and tap on the glass door – you look up, look surprised and then give me a lazy smile. I motion to you that I'm going to make a drink, would you like one? You nod and put your thumbs up. As I go to walk away you call out to me and motion for me to enter your office. You look weary; you were in the office very early this morning after a long drive and have been sat in various meetings all day. You go to pass me your empty coffee cup and as I take it from your, our fingers touch and I feel a jolt right through me that takes my breath away. I mumble, feel myself blush and make a hasty retreat – you watch after me with a twinkle in your eye.

Once back in the kitchen I pull myself together, how pathetic of me to react like that! I'm not some silly schoolgirl with a crush for gods sake! The kettle boils; I make your coffee and confidently stride towards your office. You're sat back in your chair, tie off, shirt top open, sleeves rolled up exposing strong, tanned forearms. I can't help but stare at them, in a world of power suits it's an unusual sight and I can't help myself. You clear your throat and I set your coffee down on your desk noticing a few tuffs of hair peeping from the top of your shirt. Again I'm mesmerized for a few seconds imagining what you'd look like with your shirt off. Gathering my thoughts together I tell you how sorry I feel for you having had such a long day that's not over yet, knowing you have a long drive ahead back home. You lean back on your chair and tell me its ok, its not too bad, especially as staying late brings you such good company. I laugh and suggest you should invest in one of those chairs that give a massage, that way, being in the office wouldn't be such hard work. You exhale loudly and tell me you could just do with a massage, your shoulders are aching from a day sat at your desk. 

Should I be so bold? 

I should, I shyly tell you that I have been told that I'm fairly good at giving massages and as we are the only people in the building and it wouldn't be frowned upon, would you like me to just give your shoulders a quick once over. You look at me as if to weigh up the situation and then slowly nod your head.

I ask you to stand, spin your chair round so it's backwards and straddle it so that you can lean over the back. You stand slowly; look at me for what seems like a lifetime before turning around and placing yourself as requested. 

I rub my hands together quickly just to make sure they are warm, before placing them both on your shoulders. I feel that same jolt through my body as before and this time I'm sure you do also. You tremble slightly under my touch which gives me more confidence to carry on. Your body feels warm and hard under my hands; I begin to massage your shoulders, pushing my thumbs into the base of your neck, feeling how tight the muscles are there. I comment on how tight you feel and you let out that familiar snigger you have that always cracks me up. As I laugh I lean forward unintentionally and my breasts brush across your back. You let out an almost inaudible moan; I can't decide whether it's from the feel of my breasts or the ministrations across your neck and shoulders. I secretly grin to myself and continue to massage the knotted muscles under my hands.

After a few minutes you suddenly stand up, turnaround and tell me that your shoulders are feeling much more relaxed and thank me for my time. Confused, I step backwards and stutter that it wasn't a problem, I was very happy to help. I'm not sure what has just gone on but its obvious that you want me to leave your office so I make my way back into the kitchen. 

Thinking frantically to myself I stand at the sink, running a bowl full of water to wash up the crystal jugs. Had I gone too far, did you feel uncomfortable with the situation, had I embarrassed you?

I hadn't realized you had followed me until I felt your hands on my shoulders as I stand with my hands submerged in water. You lean into me and whisper in my ear that now it's my turn for a relaxing massage as slowly you begin to move your hands over and around my shoulders. It feels so good, I feel my body relax and I feel like I'm floating on air. It's a few seconds later that I realize that I've just felt what feels like soft lips brushing the nape of my neck? Surely not, I must be imagining things. Then I feel it again and to convince myself it can't be what I'm thinking and hoping, I tip my head backwards. This only serves to expose more of my neck and then unmistakably I feel your lips work their way up the side of my neck and towards my ear. You whisper to me that I feel so good, I smell so good and that you've imagined how I would feel all day. I try to turn around to see you but you push yourself hard against me, pinning up against the sink. Your hands slide down from my shoulders, down to my back and slide under my arms to rest on my breasts. You exhale as you swiftly locate my nipples, now straining through my blouse, begging to be touched. I can feel your arousal twitching in to the back of my thighs, I'm not the only one turned on right now. 

You caress my breasts whilst still whispering in my ear. You tell me how good they feel, how you've fantasized about touching them, how they turn you on. Your left hand leaves my breast and takes hold of my chin, roughly turning my head to the right where your lips leave my neck and land on my mouth. Our first kiss is shaky; as are all first kisses but seconds later we're in tune and kissing hungrily. There's nothing soft and slow about this, its all animal passion, we are both battling for control. I force myself from your grip and turnaround sharply; wet hands come up into your hair as I drag your mouth back to mine. Caught in a strong embrace our mouths ravage each others, hands are everywhere and there is no turning back.

A click of the door makes us immediately jump back from each other – someone has entered the floor. Quick as a flash I straighten myself up and turn back to the sink just as the cleaner walks into the kitchen. You lean back onto the table and make polite conversation with her as she collects her cleaning equipment. 

Don't worry about it tonight you tell her, we've not finished up here but will clean up as best we can and the rest can wait until tomorrow. Grateful, she gives you a sideways look and then leaves the floor.

You look at me hopelessly and then slam your hand down on the table in frustration. I calmly dry my hands on a tea towel, take your hand in mine and lead you down the corridor to the boardroom.

A room where earlier today 12 men sat debating the future of the company. A room where now only 2 of us remain. Roughly I push you down into one of the big leather chairs, you look a little shocked but at the same time amused. It irritates me as I see the flash of amusement across your face, for that I'm going to make you beg.

I shut down all the lights so that we're sat in the dark – there are no windows to allow light in and the main light outside has now been turned out. No one will know we are here. You cannot see where I am but you feel me roughly push your thighs aside and step into the gap they make. I take your face in my hands and softly put my lips to yours. You try and recreate the kiss we shared in the kitchen and I move away. This is my kiss. Once again I put my lips to yours and again you try and kiss me, I move away, putting my finger on your lips. You almost growl in frustration until you get the message, you can only join in when I tell you.

Once more I put my lips to yours and this time you don't move. Softly softly I kiss you, little butterfly kisses on your lips, your cheeks, your lips again. I steady myself with my hands on your thighs and feel you tense up. I run my tongue over your lips, pull at them gently with my teeth and then slip my tongue into your mouth, your invitation to join in. This time the pace is slower, there is still as much passion, but slower and deeper. 

Your hands come up from the arms of the chair and cup my buttocks, then run slowly up and down my back, my butt and underneath once more to cup my breasts. I take an intake of breath as once again your fingers find my nipples and tweak them hard. My right hand slides from its position on your thigh and gently moves to your groin where its met with the hard length of you. I run my hand along you and it's your turn to inhale sharply as I do so. I grin and our kiss breaks, we're both breathing heavily and you look up at me expectantly. My grin widens as you start to smile, you pull me onto your lap and take my face into your hands and kiss me once more.

Your hands move to the back of my head where you find my hair clip and in one movement remove it and release my hair. It cascades down my back and you weave your hands into it and pull my head back sharply. I gasp in pain but you replace that pain with pleasure as you kiss and nibble my throat. My hands find their way to your shirt buttons and I attempt to unbutton them.

Its not easy with hands as unsteady as mine – its hard to concentrate on very much at all when our mouths are so busy. I finally have them undone and run my hands over your bare chest, I lace my fingers into you chest hair, take my mouth from yours and lower my lips to a nipple and bite sharply, getting my own back. You whince but the pain doesn't last long as I role your nipple around in my mouth whilst rubbing the other and the same time.

From the way Im now sitting, half across your thighs, half on the chair I can feel the slight movements of your hips – I look up at you and smile, 'Are you ok?' I ask, 'couldn't be better' you reply but I beg to differ.

Sliding off your lap altogether I kneel on the floor between your thighs where I spend a few seconds just sliding my hands up and down your hard thighs, digging my fingers in to them getting a good feel for you. I can see your trousers are now pulled incredibly tight across your groin – you're very aroused, almost to the point of discomfort. You need help.

Moving your shirt tails out of the way, I reach out for you belt buckle. Before I can touch it you grab my hand and tell me 'No, I will do it'. I can see that there will be a battle of wills at some point which makes me smile. You quickly undo your belt and open the zipper of your suit trousers. To my surprise you aren't wearing any underwear – Im not the only dark horse here. With your right hand you feel into your trousers and release your cock – it stands proudly to attention, its bulbous head glistening with precum showing just how turned on you are. I move your hand away and replace it with my own. Your cock is solid as stone, warm and smooth under my touch.

As my hand begins to move over your turgid flesh you moan softly and shift in the chair. I cant see you too well in this light but I can imagine your eyes are now shut, surrendering yourself to my touch. I increase the pressure of my hand and on the upstroke glide my thumb over the head of your cock, lubricating it with your precum on the downstroke. I know my pussy is wet, I can feel it.

The movement of your hips increases as does the speed of my hand until I stop and instead replace it with my mouth. My mouth is warm and wet and accommodating, you groan as the realization of what Im doing hits home. I move my mouth up and down your length, swirling my tongue around you, sucking you deep into my mouth. Yours hands find their way into my hair again and you push the back of my head so that I take you deep into my throat.

I feel your thighs tense and you mumble and pull yourself back from me 'anymore of that and Im going to cum' you whisper. I shrug and smile. You stand and help me to my feet and we kiss again. As your mouth crushes against mine you gently steer me backwards until the small of my back meets the large oak table that fills the majority of the room. I lift up a leg so that I can slide back into a sitting position on the table and this time it is you that pushes your way in between my legs. Without warning you take a hold of the bottom of my blouse and in one swift movement pull it up and over my head leaving me sitting in my white cotton bra. Your eyes feast hungrily on my breasts for a few seconds before you roughly lean me back until I have to put my arms behind me to support myself.

You put your lips to the base of my neck and trail kisses downward into my cleavage. Gently one hand sneaks around to my back and flicks open the clasp on my bra. My heavy breasts are released into your hands and you bend your head to take one nipple into your mouth. I arch my back in pleasure and you spend a lifetime sucking, nibbling, biting and rubbing my nipples. My skirt is bunched up around my thighs and unsubconciously my hips start to gyrate. You feel this and move one hand from its position on my breast and run your fingers up my inner thigh. Im now squirming on the table, desperate for something to make contact with my pussy. Then Im conscious of your fingers stroking my pussy, you've shoved my pants aside and are stroking me. Lightly at first, then more persistent until you part my lips and slip one finger inside me. You quickly remove my panties and return your fingers to my pussy and I gasp with pleasure and try and move myself onto your hand but you immediately move it away. Annoyed beyond belief I raise my head and scowl at you and in answer you circle your arms around my back and instead, in one movement pull me forward onto your thick hard cock. 

Right up to the hilt.

We let out a simultaneous moan, it feels fucking great, like nothing on earth.

The table is exactly the right height – Im sat on the edge with my legs spread whilst you stand in in between them. Im so wet you slide without hindrance, slowing pull out, almost completely before pushing at a snails pace back inside me. The pleasure is excruciating, you go so deep, filling me completely. I reach up and pull you towards me, kissing you roughly, thrusting my tongue into your mouth and clawing at your chest. 

I look down at the juncture of our bodies. As you pull back I see your meaty cock is shiny from my juices, I want things to move faster, I need you to fuck me. I lift my legs and curl them around your waist, preventing you from withdrawing so far. With my heels I force you back into me, deep and hard and you finally get the message. You steady yourself holding on to the edge of the table and pull back from me before pounding deep into me. With each entry I groan, pushing you even deeper with my heels, you bite my neck as we fuck, raw passion, no thoughts, just feelings. I go to reach down between us and you stop me, instead putting your hand to my pussy and rubbing my clit as you pound into me. I can feel the build up, slowly slowly starting from my pussy, radiating through my body until it reaches its crescendo and I climax loudly onto you cock, covering you in my cum.

You slow down and extricate yourself from the grip of my still contracting pussy. My face and chest are flushed and I feel slightly out of it as I always do when I cum so hard. You sit back down on the leather chair, panting slightly, glad to rest your legs. Now its my turn.

Unsteady on my feet I slide down from the table, my pussy leaking my cum down my thighs, and straddle you on the chair. Your cock is still impossibly hard, glistening with my juices and throbbing with need. With one hand I reach down and insert a finger into my sopping pussy, then raise the same finger and slowly insert it into my mouth. Yours eyes widen as you watch me suck off my finger. I repeat the action only this time offer my finger to your mouth where you greedily suck on it whilst your cock twitches in front of me. Lifting myself higher I take your cock in my hand and lazily stroke the length of my pussy with it. Up and down, slowly stroking, up and down, using you to pleasure myself, my breath becomes labored, the pressure is increased. I can see you are desperate to be in me so position your cock at the entrance to my pussy and sink the tiniest bit. My turn to tease you.

I raise myself up again until your cock falls out, the repeat the same action, this time taking the tiniest bit more into me. Over and over I do this each time sinking just that little bit further, your eyes are closed, your brow is shiny with sweat and the only thing you are conscious of is your cock. You hips are moving up and down as almost as a whimper I hear you say 'please?'.

Once more, raise and slide slowly, raise and then all at once, I slide completely onto you, your deeper than you've ever been and its feels like your cock could reach my throat. I grind my pussy onto you and rapidly move myself up and down your length, not caring about you at all, using your for my own pleasure, my clit rubbing against you as I move back and forward, my breasts swinging in front of your face, my hair going in your eyes as I strive for release. Each time Im impaled on you fully you grunt with the force, there's nothing gentle about this, we're animals doing what animals do best. 

Your breath starts to come quicker, as does mine, movement increases, you're close to cumming and I want to help you. Grabbing the back of the chair behind your head I use it as move leverage, sitting up straight on your cock until I am literally bouncing on you. The sight of my breasts, the feel of my pussy, the thought of anyone walking in on us at any moment does the trick. You tense, and your cocks shoots fireworks inside me, stream after stream of cum dances up my pussy, coating the inside of it completely.

I sink down on to you, contracting the muscles in my pussy, milking your cock for all its worth.

5 minutes later, we are fully clothed, hair straightened and we leave the boardroom. As I walk to the kitchen, unsure of what to say, how to act after what we've just done you turn to me with a smile and say 'Do you fancy working overtime tomorrow aswell'...