 Seven thirty, and I was nowhere near ready to go home. No, that's not true; I was ready to go home at five, but a temperamental computer decided to eat every file that I'd created since I started that morning. And with deadlines as tight as they are at work, I couldn't afford to leave until the whole job was re-done. Luckily, I wasn't there alone. Ian was with me. And why not? It was his ass on the line, too, if we didn't finish this project quickly. And what a cute ass it was, too! Oh, I couldn't afford to think like that! For one thing, we had a lot of work to do. For another, we were co-workers, and office romances never work! Right? Sigh.

It was Ian who showed me the ropes when I first started at this job, three months earlier. He's such a pretty man! I know, most guys don't like being called "pretty". But what better way to describe Ian? He's a couple of inches shorter than my five eight, and his jet-black hair is always in need of a trim. With a slender, muscular body, dark olive skin, and eyes as black as night, he has a way of making me melt with a sideways glance. I swear, every time I look at him, I get wet! And he's so sweet. He always has nice things to say to people, and really knows how to make me feel beautiful with a casual compliment. That's something Barry, my ex-husband, never knew how to do. As soon as I hit 140 pounds, I was his "chubby little sausage". By 150, I showed him the door.

I don't bother looking at the scale anymore. Ian and my mirror both tell me that I'm lovely, and I think I'll believe them. As I said, I'm five eight, and full-figured, with large bouncy breasts, wide sexy hips, and curves from here to Sunday afternoon! My auburn hair frames a pretty face, with full pouty lips, and sweeps down to my mid-back, and I've been known to melt a few hearts with my emerald green eyes.

Ian walked into my cubicle with two cups of Cappuccino, and a box of blank CDs, "just in case," he said. Good thinking. Sipping my coffee, I proceeded to make back-ups of the files that we'd redone so far. If the computer decided it was still hungry, we wouldn't have to start from scratch.

By ten o'clock, we were putting the finishing touches on the project, and my back was aching like nobody's business. I let Ian know this with a groan.

"You need a backrub?" he asked, and I nodded vigorously (which didn't help matters at all). 

Instructing me to sit in my chair backwards, he gently kneaded my sore muscles. Oh, his fingers were magic! And soon, he had every kink worked out of my back. "Mmm, that feels wonderful, Ian," I said wistfully. "If you fuck half this well, you're welcome in my bed." Oh, God, I still can't believe I said that! I must have been blushing furiously. "Um. I mean... You give a good backrub." I said lamely. "Egad, look at the time." But it was out there now, wasn't it? I'd actually invited Ian to fuck me! And while I didn't exactly intend to say it, I cannot tell you that I didn't mean it.

I turned to look at Ian over my shoulder, and I'll be damned if he wasn't blushing, too! "If I didn't know you were teasing, I'd take you up on that, Ginny," he said with an embarrassed grin. Turning my chair around to face him, I took Ian's hand, and shaking like a leaf, I pressed it to my lips for a small kiss. I was still trembling when Ian pulled me to my feet; trembling with desire. And my panties were instantly soaked when he kissed my lips for the first time. Softly he kissed my parted lips, and I wrapped my arms around him. What started as a tentative, fearful kiss exploded into a shower of sparks, and lust, and heat, and soon we were kissing hard, winding our tongues together, and holding each other so tight that I thought we'd fuse.

Ending our kiss, Ian moved his lips to my throat, and kissed it passionately. I moaned as his hands got closer and closer to my round fleshy buttocks, and I whispered hotly, "Touch me, Ian. Undress me. Make me yours!" Or some such nonsense that never sounds quite as silly when you are ready to be fucked. And, God above, I was ready!

"I've wanted to love you from the moment I saw you, Ginny," he answered, his hot breath in my ear. He nibbled my lobe, which sent shivers down my spine.

"Then we should have done this a long time ago," I answered, and then I took his hands, and moved them to my tits. Gently squeezing my full breasts, Ian kissed me deep on the mouth again, and then started to unbutton my blouse. He undressed me slowly, igniting new fires in my body with each kiss he placed on my already burning skin. In due course, he had me stripped down to my underwear; a lacy pink underwire bra and lace-trimmed pink satin bikini panties. Leaving them on me for now, Ian continued to explore my body with his lips, his teeth, and his tongue. He seemed to know instinctively where my most secret pleasure points were, without having to look at a map, or ask directions. With my moans as his only guide, he toured my entire body, leaving nothing untouched, and soon, X marks the spot, he found the hidden treasure between my silken thighs. Kissing my clit through my satin panties, he sent wave after wave of ecstasy through my body, and my knees were getting weak. Practically falling back into my chair, I moaned incoherently, and gripped Ian's shaggy head of hair, pressing my panty-clad pussy against his face. Then Ian pulled my panties to one side, and MMmmmmm, I felt his tongue on my quivering pussy lips, and Ohhhhh, he slipped it between them, and Aaaaahh, over my clit!

If there was anyone else in the building, I'm certain they would have known that we were there, and exactly what we were doing, because by the time I hit my first peak, I was screaming Ian's name at the top of my lungs. Lapping up my cum like a man dying of thirst, he kept licking me through my orgasm, and in no time, I was cumming again, and he kept on licking! His tireless, expert tongue managed to bring me off I don't know how many times; more times than I'd ever cum in a single week, let alone a single night of lovemaking! And now, I wanted to return the favor.

Pushing his head away from my still-throbbing cunt, I gave him a long, lingering kiss, and tasted my own love-juices on his tongue and lips. I pushed him away again, and told him to stand up, then I undid his belt, unzipped him, and helped him step out of his pants, while he removed his shirt. Barely containing his engorged manhood was a lovely little pair of black bikini briefs. I kissed his cock through them, and felt it twitch underneath. Kneeling on the floor behind him, I slowly peeled down his sexy undies, and kissed the cute little ass that I'd been admiring from afar for three long months. Turning around to face me again, he smiled down at me. I smiled back, and then turned my attention to his rock hard cock. It was so beautiful. I planted a tiny kiss on the very tip, and it jumped. I caressed it with my fingers, just marveling at its hardness. Gently cupping his balls in my hand, I wrapped my lips around the head, and took it slowly into my mouth. Slowly, I drew it back out again, flicking my tongue quickly over the shaft as I did so, and he moaned lustily. Before that moment, I'd never really enjoyed sucking cock. Not that I'd refuse to go down on my lover; I'd do it, but only because it was expected, or demanded. This was different. I'd actually wanted to suck his cock, and I was really enjoying it! It was as if with every moan that I coaxed from Ian's lips, he was expressing my pleasure. I could almost feel what he was feeling! And God, I was good! I sucked his cock expertly, and I encouraged him by pulling on his hips, to fuck my mouth. Breathing heavily, and through lusty moans of excitement, Ian warned me that he was about to cum. I guess he thought I was going to stop sucking him, and maybe finish him off with my hands. And in the past, that is just what I might have done, but not this time. I wanted Ian to cum in my mouth. I wanted to eat his cum. I wanted to swallow every drop! So, I just kept sucking his dick, and sucking it, until he had no choice but to shoot his hot load deep down my throat. I lost not a drop of his cum, and oh, it tasted so good. So sweet.

Getting up on my feet, I hugged Ian tight, pressing his nude body against my nearly nude body. Looking right through my eyes to my very soul, Ian kissed me, deeply - not caring that he'd just cum in my mouth. No man had ever done that before; everyone I'd ever been with acted like he'd rather eat week-old chili, than kiss me after I'd just sucked his cock. Is it any wonder I never enjoyed it before? But Ian kissed me, because he wanted to kiss me.

I thought that that would be it - that we'd both cum, and we were done for the night. That we'd get dressed, and say our goodnights, and then tomorrow, who knows? More fool me. Ian was far from being done! He kept on kissing me, and getting me hot again, and I could feel his cock, still hard, pressing against my thigh. Backing up, I leaned against my desk, and wrapped my legs around Ian's waist. Grinding my pussy against his cock, I ached to feel it inside me. "Oh, God Ian, fuck me!" I said, feeling like a slut and loving it. "I want you to fuck me hard!"

Ever eager to please, Ian pulled my panties down, slipped them off of me, and threw them on the floor, while I removed my brassiere. And just as my bra joined my panties on the tile, Ian's cock slipped easily into my cunt. Leaning back, and using my computer for support, I opened myself wide for my perfect lover, and he fucked me deftly. With his lips, tongue and teeth on my hard, sensitive nipples, Ian fucked me slowly and gently, and made me moan in sheer ecstatic bliss. I held his face close to my bosom, thoroughly enjoying his attentions, while I rocked my hips, meeting his thrusts with my own. Then I felt his fingers on my clit, and this delicious combination of oral, manual, and coital stimulation sent me through the roof of the office building, and I screamed his name again, along with several more lusty declarations of rapture, as another wave of pleasure ripped through my body. My flesh was on fire with need, and I was shaking and quivering as Ian made me cum again and again. Some 'sex-perts', who write big hardcover books on the subject, will tell you that everyone is responsible for his or her own orgasms, but I'm telling you that I could not have done this without Ian. He made me cum, and I had no will to defy him!

I not only lost count of how many orgasms Ian gave me, I nearly blacked out. Colors swirled around in my mind, and I collapsed against his beautiful body. And when I was aware of time and space again, I noticed that Ian's dick was still as hard as a Greek statue! I knew what had to be done.

Getting up off of my desk, I told Ian to take my place, which he did. Then I pulled my chair up, and sat in front of him. Moving in close, I pressed my massive boobs on either side of Ian's hardness. It was still wet with my pussy-juice, and it felt all nice and slippery between my tits. Ian fucked my tits gently, while I held them to either side of his cock with my hands, and each time his cock peeked up from between them, I gave it a friendly flick with my tongue. Soon, he was moaning, his body quaking violently, and with a mighty bellow, he spurted gobs of his thick hot goo all over my tits. Using his softening cock like a paintbrush, I smeared his cum into my boobs, and over my nipples, and Ian sighed contentedly.

Ian held me in his strong arms for I don't know how long, but eventually, it was time to go. We made sure that our work was done, and actually did that double-check before either of us bothered to get dressed. It was nice, just being naked with him. Afterwards we straightened up the cubicle, got dressed, and locked up. Ian walked me to my car, and we exchanged phone numbers, before kissing goodnight, and going our separate ways.

God, what a lovely night.

We've kept things pretty cool at the office since that late night, but we have our moments alone, where we give each other a knowing look, or a loving touch. Outside the office, on the other hand, is a whole different story. We see each other every chance we get. And I've never felt so loved. So alive!