 Her arrival was greeted by shadows borne of multiple flickering candles dancing around the otherwise darkened room. She felt his presence and knew he was close without seeing him. Although she was home, the surroundings seemed, somehow, alien. Her eyes darted about the room, trying to pick out familiar landmarks, to little avail.

She let out a small gasp when his muscular arms snaked over hers, entwining around her torso, pulling her small frame back against him. Her delicate hands shot up, gripping his sinewy forearms and she tried to greet him, but was cut short by two simultaneous actions: his right index finger tracing lightly over her supple lips and his warm breath at the nape of her neck igniting a small fire in her belly as soft, moist kisses left her neck tingling and her knees weak. Unconsciously, her grip on his arms relaxed and her slender fingers made their way to the short, reddish-brown hair on the back of his head while she tilted her own head forward to provide him better access.

As he continued to nuzzle the nape of her neck, her shortened breathing urged him onward. His hands slid back, cupping her ample, firm breasts. Her sensitive nipples began to respond as he manipulated them through the soft, dark fabric of her dress. His lips began to migrate toward the right side of her neck, biting gently along the way. A soft gasp escaped her lips as he bit a little too firmly on her earlobe. In apology, he hugged her tighter to his warm body.

What he was doing to her was intoxicating, setting every nerve ending on fire. She could hardly believe how much she wanted - no - needed him. She hated to let him know how electrifying his touch and his kisses felt, hated to give him that much power over her. The only consolation: knowing how handsomely she would be rewarded.

She continued scanning their home through partially opened eyes as he guided her toward their bedroom where more candles projected intermingling shadows on the walls and ceiling. She caught a very brief glimpse of their bed before she realized that his hands were no longer touching her and her vision had become blurred by a dark, silk scarf being placed softly over her eyes. She stepped backward, bumping into him, and brought her hands up to her face. She paused with her hands resting over the upper edge of the silken blindfold, debating about whether to leave it in place. Sensing her discomfort, he made no move to stop her, kissing her neck tenderly instead. As uneasy as being blindfolded made her, his response reminded her how safe and special she felt with him; not only did she love and respect him deeply, she also trusted him implicitly. She brought her hands down and then finding his after he secured the scarf in place, she brought them to her lips and kissed each finger.

He assisted her closer to the bed and turned her to face him. An anxious grin was softened by a deep kiss. Her mouth yielded to his full, soft lips as his hands roamed over the front of her body. 

He broke the kiss and settled to his knees in front of her, his hands sliding up under the hem of her dress to the elastic of her hose, easing it down over her hips. He caressed the smooth skin of her legs as he teasingly exposed them. His mildly callused hands massaged her leg muscles while his lips and tongue paid homage to the soft ivory skin, continuing his torment over each newly exposed area until the hose and her shoes were completely removed.

With her vision completely obscured, it seemed as if her peripheral senses had been reborn in a much-heightened state. Every movement she heard, every touch she felt, even the scent from the candles was intoxicating. Unsure what she had done to deserve such treatment, she loathed to ask and break the atmosphere. Again, lightning shot through her as gentle but firm pressure on each leg indicated that she was to turn around again. Upon complying with his silent wishes, she felt his lips and tongue making a return journey, alternating up the back of each leg, pausing to pay special attention to the sensitive skin on the back of her knees. When he reached the hem of her short, silk dress, he began raising it, tantalizingly slow, up and over her now bare buttocks. The sensations of his teeth biting her firmly but gently almost sent her over the edge again. Sensing this from the rocking of her hips and the more obvious sign of her gripping his hair, he lightened his touch to keep her from going over the brink.

The heat emanating from her core had grown from its initial spark to a now raging inferno. As her dress continued its path northward, so did his loving ministrations, starting from the midline of her back and then radiating outward from there to her hips, finally taking a slow, languid trip up her spine, with special homage paid to her shoulder blades while he unfastened and removed her brassiere, making her literally tremble. She longed to beg him to just take her, to slide inside of her and bring them both euphoric pleasure, but she knew instinctively that he would not deviate from his plan of action. She was his plaything, but she was the one reaping the fringe benefits.

Once again his lips found a home at the nape of her neck, but this time she noticed something a bit different. Save for a pair of black silk boxers, he was nude. This time when she pressed back against him, she could feel the heat emanating from his body, fanning her own flames even higher. She felt so acutely aware of everything around her that she even imagined she could feel the hair on his chest lightly tickling her back. She had finally reached her breaking point.

Reaching back, she found his abdomen and snaked her fingers through the hair and, in one swift motion, down to his erection. She smiled as she heard him let out a surprised gasp while she very lightly ran her fingers up and down the shaft, as a pianist would stroke his instrument. Not sensing any resistance on his part, she decided to get a bit bolder and wordlessly stepped forward and turned around, dropping to her knees in front of him. She managed to keep her hand in place, wishing she could see, she compensated by running her fingers lightly around to his firm buttocks, allowing her long, brown tresses to cascade teasingly over his groin.

She placed one hand at the back of his scrotum, caressing him gently, while she wrapped her other hand firmly around the base of his penis. Sensing him watching her, she tilted her head up toward his face, imagining his expression through her blindfold. She slowly moistened her lips with her soft, pink tongue and, beginning at the head, planted gentle, wet kisses along the upper surface, all the way down to the base and back up to the tip, licking the clear, glistening preejaculate. His soft moans revealed the ecstasy she knew she was providing. She proceeded to torment him by performing the same actions on the three remaining sides, stroking him lightly with her scarlet fingernails. His hands sought out her long, dark hair and held on firmly as she slowly slid his erection into her mouth. 

His continued moaning fueled her own flames. She relaxed the muscles in her throat so she could take his entire length, swirling the tip of her tongue along the underside of the shaft as she proceeded. Upon reaching the base, she lightly placed her teeth on his sensitive skin and gently retreated, using the tip of her tongue to pay special attention to the highly excitable skin where the head and shaft met. Although enjoying the teasing, his want for her began to take over. Sliding his hands from her dark hair and tracing her cheeks, he eventually found her hands. Holding them in his, he pulled them up his skin, feeling the electricity in her touch while she continued to manipulate him with her mouth. Reaching a spontaneous decision, she managed to work one hand free and moved it back to the base of his erection, pumping it firmly while she increased the tempo and pressure. His hips began to thrust forward, in synch with her urgency, his hands now holding her head firmly. He recognized what she wanted and felt obligated to provide her with every desire.

His grunts and thrusts came more rapidly and she knew he would not deny her. She was even more aroused than him, her smooth inner thighs wet from desire. She allowed him to hold her head still while he thrust into her waiting mouth, listening to him pant and gasp. Suddenly she felt him start to swell as his breathing became more shallow and rapid. She increased the pressure of her lips wrapped around him, urging him onward, until she felt that first spurt, followed immediately by the warm, salty-sweet taste of his essence flooding her warm mouth. Holding perfectly still, save for her tongue coaxing the underside of his shaft while he emptied into the back of her throat, she swallowed him hungrily, milking him until he was completely flaccid again.

His release made her acutely aware of the unquenched inferno building to crescendo within her. She remained on her knees before him, using every ounce of willpower to remain stationary. His feet whispering on the carpet as he circled her, waiting for something. Her breathing continued to grow more controlled as the immediacy of her need began to ebb. She felt him kneel in front of her, his soft lips bringing hers alive with a tender kiss while a hand under her chin bade her to stand, the kiss unbroken.

His gentle touch guided her to the bed, while pressure on her shoulders urged her to sit there at the edge. Her full breast yielded to a firm touch and she lay back, allowing her feet to dangle over the side of the bed. In a gasp, he was on her, face firmly at the junction of her thighs, tongue planted insistently at her clitoris. He scooped her legs and placed them over his shoulders, wrapping his arms under her creamy thighs and hands strongly kneading her breasts. She moaned in shock and a slight bit of pain as this aggressiveness was foreign to her. Her next sound was a sigh as the pleasure began to register throughout her body.

His tongue invaded every thought as the assault on her clitoris continued. The familiar tingle began in her belly and radiated to her upper legs as they jerked spasmodically in time with the sensation between her legs. Her breath came in rapid, shallow gasps. She needed this; she had to have it. There was no denying her. His head became trapped in the viselike grip of her quivering thighs. He bit down and trapped her bud, isolating it for a final assault. Gripping her breasts firmly, he launched all out warfare on her most sensitive organ.

Moans yielded to gasping screams as the orgasm overtook her, every flick of his tongue burning throughout her body. Wave after wave, it continued, rolling over her, eroding her endurance. Her juices flowed freely down his chin, belying her wanton desire and freed inhibitions. Normally, this would be the stopping point, to let her recover, however, his lust for her had grabbed him in its fiery grip. He felt his hands increasing the grip on her breasts and his arms, the control of her legs. Listening intently, he continued on, stopping only when her writhing began to overwhelm her breathing.

Completely recovered from his own release, he felt a renewed need to be one with his love. This need consumed him, spurred him onward. Using his body, he pushed her further onto the bed, keeping her legs splayed open. One decisive thrust placed his engorged member completely inside of her, replacing her panting with a series of small, guttural grunts. With wild abandon, he pumped in and out of her most secret of places, savoring the slap of his skin against hers, feeling her moisture spray onto his thighs with each thrust.

Her arms flew around him, pulling him crushingly tight against her, fingernails leaving welts on his back and buttocks. This was an impossible rhythm, an impossible force, yet he continued. Her pelvis matched him beat for beat while his breathing was punctuated with animal grunts. Moving his legs higher against the underside of her thighs, he raised her buttocks off of the bed, pushing only for his own release. This loss of connection only sent her further along, his unbridled need for release triggering something deep and basic inside of her. She found a voice that vaguely resembled her own and urged him with language she did not realize she was capable of using without tremendous embarrassment.

In an instant, he was overwhelmed; everything led to this one point, this one moment of ecstasy. With a final, almost vicious, thrust he released inside of her, putting his entire being into that one brief instant. The rush of warmth within her triggered her abdominal muscles to start contracting with renewed vigor, Bucking against him, almost throwing him off of her, she felt her clitoris beating against his pelvic bone. Lacking the energy to defend himself, he held onto her for dear life, letting his climax subside while she chased her own. Her walls clamped around his slowly softening organ as one final prolonged thrust of her pelvis sent a full body shudder through her. Noises he had never heard before came from her throat as the contraction released a floodgate, soaking the bed underneath them. In one perfect moment, her entire body relaxed and collapsed and she bore him fully, his face nestled in her neck, her arms flaccid around him.

As the peaceful slumber of exhaustion began to take hold, she had one last conscious thought: I will never go back.