 Daniel slid quietly from beneath the covers, trying not to disturb the sleeping form of Jenny to his side. He glanced over at her peaceful face as he crept for the bathroom, and shook his head with a broad smile. How she could wear such a beautifully angelic face in her sleep, where only the night before she had been a voracious demon hungry for his cock, amused him greatly. He chuckled low as he opened the door a crack and slipped through.

He turned the light on, reaching for the sink and grabbing his mouthwash. He would clean his teeth after he'd eaten breakfast, but for now the lingering aftertaste of the beer meant that he wanted to rinse his mouth.

He did so, glancing up at the window that ran along the top of the far wall in the bathroom. Bright sunlight streamed through -- he guessed it was probably approaching ten o'clock in the morning -- though not enough to illuminate the bathroom adequately on its own. He still needed the ceiling light, which annoyed him slightly given that a better designed room would have allowed him to wash without the use of artificial light.

Oh well, he thought as he spat the potent blue liquid into the sink. It's not my electricity. It's not even my country's.

He stretched, turning on the cold tap very briefly so that the white enamel of the basin wasn't stained electric blue, then turned to the shower. He pondered it for a moment; he wanted to wash himself and dress, but he knew that it wasn't the quietest shower in the world.

She can sleep through it. It's not like I'm making her get up or anything.

With that thought in mind he opened the glass door, stepping beyond and turning on the large taps. The water roared out, and he stood aside a few seconds to allow it to normalise before standing underneath the soothing torrent.

Daniel liked his showers, he had to admit. The warm water was exceptionally relaxing against his skin, and though he had little to relax from at this precise moment -- he had, after all, had a bout of passionate and stress-relieving sex followed by a long, deep sleep -- he still enjoyed the sensation.

He allowed his mind to wander. What am I going to do about the shop? He didn't know the first thing about running a store, but he was expected to do so. And to great success, apparently, if he ever wanted to return home, and that wasn't mentioning any potential legal complications if it came to light that Jenny and her sister actually owned the place.

That was another headache he didn't need. He would have to research further into that, to make sure that he truly was not the real owner of the shop, and only then could he do something about it. There was no need for telling Jenny and getting lawyers involved on a hunch -- he had always been good at research, so he could at least do some of that.

To that end he resolved to head to the Records Office today. He had no idea where it was -- and he couldn't ask Jenny for fear of probing questions as to his interest there -- so he would simply have to hope it was open. A cab driver would surely know. Once there, he could delve further back into the history of the General Store, and hopefully throw some light over this muddy issue.

Daniel was so wrapped up in his thoughts that he did not notice Jenny enter the bathroom until she spoke. He jumped at the sound of her voice, startled despite the loud drone of the water.

"Morning, Dan," she giggled, the smile widening as she watched him jerk in surprise.

He turned to her slowly, narrowing his eyes. "Morning, Jenny."

"You're up early. Have you got to be somewhere?"

"Not really," he replied, looking her up and down. Neither of them had worn nightclothes, and she was resplendently naked.

"Then why didn't you wake me?" she grinned wickedly, wrapping her hand around the large golden handle set into the glass shower door. "I need to shower, too."

Daniel felt a familiar stirring in his cock, and he shook his head with an amused smile as the door slowly slid open. A rush of cold air flowed in.

"Well if you're going to shower, hurry up about it. You're letting all the cold air in."

Jenny's eyes twinkled with amusement as she laughed, slipping through the gap and sliding the door shut behind her. Water splashed down onto her wonderful body, running in streaks over her skin. Her relatively short hair was already flattening somewhat under the warm torrent, and she looked up at Daniel with lust.

"It looks like I'm not the only one happy I've joined you," she murmured, reaching out with her right hand. Daniel gasped as it wrapped itself around his hardening member, and slowly began to stroke along his length.

She bit her lip as she stared up at him with her glowing hazel eyes, her hand moving delicately over his shaft. The warm water still cascaded down on top of them, and Daniel opened his mouth to groan at her work. She smiled.

Slowly, she sank to her knees, and Daniel's mouth twisted into a grin. He groaned aloud as his head slipped between her lips, and reached out to place his hands on the tiled wall of the shower.

He rested there a moment as the brunette beauty bobbed her head, gently engorging his member. Her mouth sucked a wonderful vacuum around his length, and her left hand rested against his thigh as she took more of him into her mouth.

Jenny looked up at him with a glint in her eye as she pulled her head from his cock, warm water splashing down over his throbbing member. "Nice?" she teased, once more stroking her fist on his shaft.

Daniel murmured his assent, still leaning against the wall, and closed his eyes with pleasure as his lover took his cock into her mouth another time. She held the base, sucking his head repeatedly into her mouth, letting her lips caress his sensitive tip. He looked down at her with wide eyes, and she smiled up at him, licking his cock from its base to its head with long, languorous sweeps of her tongue.

"That's so good..." he whispered, gasping again as her mouth took his member between her lips. Her tongue brushed the underside of his head as she sucked down on him, her hands moving so that she held his shaft in both. There, she pumped them, the extra feeling drawing yet another groan of delight from his lungs, and he felt the beautiful girl giggle onto his cock.

He watched Jenny; watched the way the warm water ran in rivers over her trim form, the way her breasts shook as she bobbed her head. Her hair was plastered to her head now, yet she still looked magnificent; he was sure that his own had also long lost any semblance of style.

"Sucking cock in the shower... maybe I could add you to my morning routine," she murmured as she grinned up at him, before biting her lower lip and running her fist quickly over his shaft. She remained that way a moment, looking up at Daniel with barely-constrained glee, and he guessed she enjoyed the sight of him utterly under her thrall.

"Maybe you could," he groaned back as she leant forwards again, his cock slipping between her lips. She left it there again, doing amazing things to his member, and soon Daniel could take it no more.

She grinned as Daniel leant down, grasping her upper arms and gently pulling her to her feet. She opened her mouth to speak, but before she could do so he had crushed his lips against hers, kissing her deeply. The water still thundered down on top of them, the noisy shower drowning out their faint moans, and her wet hair clung to her head as he ran his hands lightly through it.

"Turn around," he growled, a wicked smile on his face. A similar look swept across her features as she did so, lackadaisically spinning on the spot, making sure that Daniel's gaze took in every inch of her splendid body. She ran one finger over his hard stomach, too, clearly appreciating his own appearance, and Daniel smiled. He could only dream of how bedraggled he looked, his hair soaking and flattened in the shower, and yet still she seemed to want him.

But then again, why not? I still want her - in fact I think she looks stunning right now.

He ran one hand down her glistening back, letting it come to rest on her ass, the hot water bubbling like a spring against his palm. With a quick squeeze of the flesh Jenny bent over, looking back at him with something approaching animalistic hunger. He grinned at the sight of her waiting pussy, soaking wet but not from the shower water, and grasped his cock.

He pushed his head against her folds, then deeper, groaning aloud as he sank into her depths. She moaned, too, pushing her hips back against him as if to take even more of his cock into her snatch, then grinned.

"Well worth waking up for," she winked, before another moan was drawn from her lungs as Daniel began to slowly move his hips. He held her own, his member sliding easily into her silken tunnel, her walls hugging his length tightly. The feeling was amazing, and coupled with the thumping shower Daniel wished he could start every morning this way.

He reached out, running his hand down Jenny's back once more. His cock was no longer quite so gentle, and though he was not outright thrusting his movements were now more than slow. Jenny reached out, grasping the golden door handle with one hand and placing the other's palm flat against the tiled wall for support. She moaned long, her eyes fluttering shut at the wonderful pleasure that coursed through her.

Daniel groaned again, his member not still, droplets scattering as the water was thrown from his rapidly-moving pelvis. The gorgeous woman in front of him was moving her own hips back in time with his thrusts, and he grinned at her sexual appetite.

Her large breasts hung down invitingly, swaying with the growing speed of his thrusts, and water streamed from them in rivers, bringing a delighted grin to his face. Jenny, too, seemed to find it funny, and she giggled in the small space, though the sound was soon washed away by another luxurious moan. Slowly, Daniel's hands started to slide further up his lover's body, and before long they rested on her sides. From there it was only a short reach forwards and soon he was holding Jenny's large breasts, feeling the magnificent mounds shaking against his palms from the force of their sex.

He squeezed them, his fingertips sinking lightly into supple flesh, and Jenny moaned from the added sensation, biting her lower lip as her pleasure steadily grew. His cock was having the desired effect as it slid in and out of her snatch, and the knuckles of her left hand had grown white as she tightly gripped the shower door handle.

"Squeeze my tits whilst you fuck me," she moaned, and Daniel gladly obliged, enjoying the feeling of the mounds in his hands.

He could consciously maintain a pace no longer, and as he grasped his lover's large breasts he let himself go, his hips beginning to thrust wildly into the stunning brunette. She cried out, her pussy seeming to narrow slightly on his probing member, and her eyes shut. She was sobbing out her pleasure through the thunderous roar of the shower, and Daniel voiced his own.

"Oh fuck, Jenny!"

She looked back at him, her hazel eyes glowing with lustful need. Opening her mouth, she spoke through gasped breaths. "Fuck me, Dan! Fuck me!"

Daniel's hips were a frenzied blur, water spraying in all directions as it was thrown from their energetic bodies. His hands still held Jenny's breasts, though not so tightly it caused her discomfort, and Daniel could feel his balls beginning to tighten. He knew he was not far off.

Neither, it was clear, was Jenny, and her breaths had melded into one, long moan. Her eyes were shut, her thighs starting to tremble at the relentless assault of his cock, and Daniel stared at her with hunger.

"I'm going... to come..." she panted, turning her face to him. Her mouth had dropped open, her muscles twitching as she crested, and she inhaled sharply. Suddenly, she shuddered, her body quaking, and her eyes rolled back into her skull. The moment had arrived.

"I'm coming... I'm coming... I'm COOMMIIINNGG!" she shrieked, standing upright, grasping for Daniel's forearms, which pressed into her side as he still held her breasts. Her pussy seized down on his shaft as the orgasm exploded inside of her, and he grunted out a rapturous cry of his own as his cum spurted from his cock.

He held her tightly as his cream erupted inside of the gorgeous brunette, and she twitched in his grasp, their long moans barely audible over the thumping roar of the shower. Hot water swept down Daniel's back even as his cum spilled into Jenny's pussy, and the feeling, whilst strange, was wonderful.

It took a short while before he finally breathed out, and with a long sigh he let go of Jenny, smiling contentedly as she untangled herself from his arms. A broad grin was on her own face, too, and she winked as she turned towards him.

"I'm glad the shower's so loud," she smiled playfully.

Daniel laughed, stepping close and kissing her quickly, before pulling away. "I'm more than glad."

He smiled to himself as one thought ran through his mind.

The best shower ever.