 Thank you all for the warm welcome for my first attempt at writing. Here is the promised second installment of Carina and James. Again I have not found an editor yet - taking references ;). Highly recommended to read the first before this one... 

********** 

I woke up to the musky scent of sex, as well as the feel of empty sheets and the sound of someone in my bathroom. I heard the sink turn on and then a ruffled but gorgeous James walked out and seemed to be hunting for his clothes. 

"Hi" I breathed, pulling the sheet up to cover my body in the morning sunlight. An instant concern hit me that he was bolting. But as he pulled his t shirt over his head, that grin that did something to my insides came back. 

"Hi, Beautiful" 

I bit my lip. Not sure what to do next. He seemed to note my insecurity and took two steps toward the bed to hover over me and press a sweet kiss to my lips. 

James claimed he wanted to crawl back in bed with me however he needed to leave due to previously made plans. So I got up and wrapped myself in my silk robe and walked him to the kitchen offering to make coffee. 

He sat at my kitchen counter and seemed to watch my every move as I reached to get the mugs out of the cabinet and went about measuring water and adding the grinds to the machine. 

Then with my back turned, strong arms went around my waist. I felt hands slide up my stomach and over my breasts, giving them a light squeeze then pulling me into his embrace. 

He turned me to kiss him and moved his hands up to hold my face and then tangle them into my hair. The kiss reminded me of our unbelievable night before, demanding and intense. I got consumed and pressed myself fully against him seeking contact. My thin robe letting me feel his strong body and the heat between us. 

James suddenly lifted me up onto the countertop and nudged his hips between my legs, opening myself to him. I felt exposed. But I ached for the friction against my clit and rubbed myself against his belt and jeans. I was instantly ready and wanting him again. 

He continued to devour me with his kisses. Gripping my hair and controlling my head so he could take my mouth deeply. Then he drew those strong hands between us and leaned back while he opened my robe, baring my breasts to his intense gaze. My nipples harden in anticipation. 

James groaned at the sight. And bent down to attack my breasts as he had my mouth. It was like he could not get enough of them. Kissing them, biting them, James pulled my hair so my head was arched back against my nape. I cried out when he was especially rough with one nipple that was still sensitive from last night's play. He kissed and tongued it better, then scraped his teeth up my collar bone. My skin was on fire as he sucked, bit, and kissed his way up my neck back to my mouth. I was mindless with the need to have him. 

James put his hand between my legs, found me soaking wet, and groaned into my mouth, intensifying his kiss. 

He told me he had to have me against my mouth and I nodded while biting his lips. He pulled away from my insistent mouth and leaned back to look me in the eyes, and with a warning tone said, "Carina, this will be hard and quick." 

"Please!" burst from my lips and came out almost as a whine. 

James opened his belt and pants in rush while crushing my mouth again, kissing me hard. 

He told me to put my arms around his shoulders and hold on tight. I did as he asked and slid my hand up the back of his head into his hair, gripping it tightly. 

James seemed to like my strong hold and gave me a half smile before his again looked at me with his intense stare and his mouth took mine. 

Then, in one swift move, he lined himself up to my weeping slit and entered me completely with one stroke. His thick cock felt amazing inside me, filling me, making me realize how empty I felt before. The swollen walls of my pussy held him tight as he pounded into me. My eyes fluttered closed and my head fell back again on its own as James took me hard as he promised with deep strokes on the counter top. 

He lifted his head and ordered, "Carina open your eyes and look at me." I raised my head and my eyes opened slowly as he continued to overwhelm me with the sensations of hammering into me. I looked into his intense hazel eyes and felt like I was his entire world at that moment. That there was nothing else out there but this moment and space. 

My world splinted and I came for him in a rush. My orgasm snuck up on me, and I was consumed by his ferocity and his need. With one final deep stroke of his hips, James shuddered against me. He held me tight for quite some time, nuzzled my neck and stroked my back. I felt...cherished. 

"Mmm, Carina, I want to see you again. Can I have your number?" I blushed to realize that he wouldn't have that information. And with my robe open and his essentially fully dressed body against my nakedness, I realized how little we knew of each other. 

"Yes, of course," I replied and broke our embrace, pulled my robe back together and hopped off the counter on wobbly legs to to go get my phone from my purse to exchange contact information. 

... 

As I closed the door behind him, I must have had the biggest smile on my face. I put my back to the door, waited for a few moments until he walked down the hall, and did a small, silent victory dance. Oh my god - oh my god - that was hands down the best sex of my life. 

Later that afternoon, I was absent-mindedly pulling clothes from my hamper while thinking of the night before. I asked myself questions like, "Did I really get turned on when he slapped me? What was with the no touching thing? And did I hear right about nipple clamps?" I shuddered at the last thought but as much in excitement as with apprehension. I thought about how he made me cum in the hallway, and again on the bed before we even had sex. Did I really straddle his face? And I may never feel the same about making coffee again. "Damn it," I thought. I needed to put my currently wet panties I was wearing in the wash now too. 

I went to pull my sheets off my bed, and instantly smelled James on them. I knew I had it bad when I decided not to wash his pillowcase. 

As I was going to bed that night, my heart constricted with the thought of him never contacting me again. I felt a little out of my depth here and though I was disappointed to not hear from him that night, I fell asleep with my face in that pillowcase, surrounded by his scent. 

... 

"Oh my god, who is he?" 

I looked up from my computer and felt a blush rise up my face and smiled what must have been a silly grin, "Is it that obvious?" as my "work-husband" walked up to my cube late Monday morning. 

"No! Totally guessing! But now you have to spill. WHO IS HE? And does he have a hot, gay friend to give me that same glow?," Stephen loudly whispered as he put one hip on the edge of my desk. 

I opened my mouth a few times to try and start to explain, but then I put my head on my folded arms on my desk. "It's the bartender," I mumbled into my arms. "And damn it, he hasn't called or texted. So at this point I'm struggling between hot-flash memories and being annoyed with myself for checking my phone so often." 

"Wait, what bartender? From Saturday night? When did this happen?" 

I decided to drag Stephen out to lunch and give him a recap of the highlights. It ended with me speculating if I should call him or erase his number from keeping myself from the temptation. 

As Stephen was contemplating my insecurities and clearing the trash from our table to walk back to work, he asked, "How much do you know about the lifestyle?" 

"What lifestyle?" 

Stephen gave me a hard blink and stated, "Honey, he sounds like a Dominant." 

"Dominant?," my mind whirled. 

Stephen just gave me that don't-be-slow look, and then in an exacerbated rush said,"Dominant, submissive, BDSM, you know Fifty Shades of Grey?" 

"Oh. I mean James definitely took control but...um...so do you really think?" I looked at Stephen with what must have been a bewildered look because he put his arm around me as we walked back to the office. 

My mind raced between being excited and being scared out of my mind. I really liked James and I really, really liked the sex. But I didn't particularly want to be covered in latex or whipped with a flogger? Though I had definitely decided that the idea of nipple clamps turned me on. However I was far from submissive in my personal life or at work? I was a strong feminist who wanted fair pay and to achieve in my field - not be some guys slave. 

"Stephen, if he is a Dominant this will never work?" I said with an air of despair. 

"Oh honey, what the hell are you talking about? What turns you on in bed doesn't necessarily translate to how you are every day. Look at me, I'm outspoken, strong-willed and fabulous. However I have to admit I do enjoy a make-it-hurt-so-good Dominant fuck from time to time. You definitely seemed to really like the way he fucked you. D/s play can just be about power exchanges and giving up control. It can also be an easy way to clearly communicate what you do and don't want to try before some guys fumbles around with you. Those in the lifestyle often build contracts or at least discuss limits before engaging in the whips and chains." Stephen wiggled his eyebrows at me at that last comment. 

My own eyebrows shot up, "What story have YOU not told me yet?" I asked in conspiratorial voice. 

He playfully slapped my arm, "unlike some of my friends, I don't kiss and tell!" 

"Ow," I giggled. Knowing I would get this out of him later over drinks. 

"You will need to learn to take a smack harder than that my dear...and in much more choice locations," he drawled. Again, he wiggled his eyebrows at me as we went our separate ways once back at the office. 

I tried to stay focused on work but James didn't call or text the rest of the work day. I kept checking my phone, finally putting it down when I got called out in a meeting for not paying attention. I was mortified. 

Work required some late hours, and tonight was no exception as my boss dropped by with some late requests for me and my team. We decided to order dinner in. In between pad thai, reading reports and organizing a presentation, I received a text that said, "Hi Beautiful." 

Yes!! Be cool. After thinking through a few responses that included a contemplated "well hey there stud" I settled on "Hi." 

"I want to see you again." 

I was excited and annoyed. Why did I have to work late?! But maybe this was good, I didn't want to seem like just a booty call. But I knew my panties were already wet just from hearing from him. 

"You do?" I typed back 

"When can I come over?" 

"Sorry, not tonight. Still at work. Early meeting tomorrow." 

"Damn" 

"And I usually require at least dinner ;)" 

No reply. Maybe I had misinterpreted our chemistry. Shit. I wanted him so much my nipples had hardened just with this text exchange. Who was i kidding? If I hadn't had to work late, I would have hoped to be awaiting his knock on my door. Maybe waiting naked. But I also enjoyed dinner the other night and hoped he had as well. I wanted to learn more about him 

When the text "ding" sounded a few moments later i was so relieved. 

"Do art gallery showings count?" 

"I could make an exception" 

"Good, Wed 7pm, pick you up?" 

"Please do" 

"Mmmm, I like that word please on your lips" 

I blushed. Instant heat. I almost groaned but then remembered I was at work. I caught Stephen's eye and he must have known because he had those eyebrows wiggling again. 

Art Gallery. Did my potentially-Dominant bartender seem to have more of a cultured sophisticated side? Definitely a man of mystery...or worse a hipster. I conferred with Stephen on what to wear before leaving to head home for the night. 

... 

The next day I didn't have to wait so long to hear from James. I received one text in the morning that said, "Looking forward to tomorrow night" 

I quickly replied, "me too" 

Then James sent a follow up about an hour later, "I could not keep my mind on my workout today, distracted by thoughts of you. So I decided to distract you. How is work?" 

"Me? Distracting?" 

I smiled while sitting at my desk, imaging James working out. Did he run? Lift weights? I pictured his body, his skin and lightly-hairy chest, solid and strong. So strong he easily carried me from the hallway to my bedroom. 

These thoughts turned to me remembering how his body moved within me, and how good he was with it. Yes, now I was definitely distracted! 

"Yes. Distracted by the memory of how you came apart in my arms. Your face got all flush and you trembled. You are so beautiful" 

Wow. Biggest smile ever. 

"I enjoyed the way I came apart too." Every-single-time. I bit my lip as I remembered his lips, touch, and how he felt inside me. 

"Yes, I kept imagining the sight of you coming with my fingers, my mouth, and then how much you pleased me," he replied. 

I squirmed in my office chair, trying to get comfortable without relieving my now ache by putting my hands between my legs. 

"Omg. You make me forget that I'm at work. I have to go. I can text you when I leave". 

I wondered if he was disappointed or smiling at what discomfort he assuredly knew he had caused. 

... 

I texted James on my way home from work. He let me know he was at work and would be pretty intermittent but he would say "good night" on his next break. About two hours later, as I was sitting in bed reading, my phone pinged. 

"what are you wearing?" 

I almost got sassy and said school girl outfit but decided to contain that and wrote back, "Sleep shirt and panties" 

Almost instantly he replied, "No bra?" 

"Nope" 

I groaned when I read his next response, "Tell me about your panties?" 

"Purple lace cheekies" 

"Cheekies?" I smiled. How to explain my new favorite underwear that were both comfortable and so sexy that I had practically replaced my entire drawer with these. 

"They are not quite bikini's but aren't a thong. They let your *cheeks* hang out. ;)" 

"I like those. And I really like thinking about your ass in those." 

He seemed to pause, there was a few minutes before he replied, I assumed he had headed back to work from his break. But then he asked the following, "Will you try something with me Carina?" 

"Ok," was my curious reply. 

My phone rings - it is Him! I almost drop it in my excitement to answer it. 

"Hi Beautiful," James breathes through the phone. I want to combust on the spot. "I bet you looks so hot in your sleep shirt and cheekies panties." I can hear the smile in his voice. 

"I want to instruct you on how to touch yourself. Would you be willing to do that for me?" 

"Um. Ok...I mean Yes. Yes, please," I was blushing both from embarrassment and excitement. I had been craving his touch for days, so even if my own hands were a proxy for him that night, instant heat bloomed through my veins. 

"Wait, aren't you working tonight?" 

"On a smoke break, and I don't smoke, now no more questions," his dark voice rumbled. "Carina, I want you to rub your hands down your neck, along the sides of your breasts. Feel your soft skin and the sensations. I want you to tease and stroke yourself, imagine that it is my hands on you." 

I murmur, "feels good." I am extremely turned on by this interaction. I have been in a constant state of need since I saw James last Sunday morning. My hands only make my skin more sensitive and increase my desires. I can feel my skin flush. 

"Carina, I want you to rub your hands up and down your skin." I do as he asks and realize my nerve endings fire in a trail behind the strokes of my hands, making my skin sensitive. 

"Carina, bite your lip, feel my teeth against your lips," he tells me through the phone. I bit the bottom one, then the top. I imagined it was his teeth that made my lips feel bee-stung and swollen. 

"Now put your hands under your shirt from the bottom. Circle your hands over your breasts but do not touch your nipples." His voice had taken on a husky tone. My hands did as he asked, and I felt my blood rush to my nipples, making them ache for my fingers or more accurately his fingers. 

I murmured into the phone as a response. He instructed me, "Place your hands on your breasts and grip them. Grip them with your fingers hard but, Carina, do not touch your nipples yet." 

I whimpered at the feel of my breasts being squeezed between my fingers so hard it almost hurt. My nipples were hard against my shirt. 

"You are doing so good, my pet. Squeeze your hands up from the base of your beautiful breast to the tips. Do that until you are holding your nipples in your fingers." 

"Yes," was my mindless reply. My hard nipples felt so good between my fingers as the weight of my large breasts pulls against the grip of them. 

Then he orders, "Pinch and twist your nipples. And hold it. Be rough...twist more...harder!" I cried out but he told me, "Keep pinching them. Take it for me." I moaned into the phone, not only from that pain/pleasure sensation, but how much I seemed to really liked his orders. I wanted to do anything for him in that moment. 

"Good girl. Now let go and move your hands down your body. Tell me when your hands get to the outside of your panties." My fingers let go and my breasts bounced back from how I had pulled them. I placed my hands under my breast along my ribs and then moved them down my soft stomach. When I was at the edge of my panties, "I am there," I panted into the phone. 

"I want you to play with yourself through your panties pulling them tight so they pull between the folds of your beautiful pussy lips." I thought this was an odd request, but then I felt the tension and friction touching my clit. And my hips moved against the pulled fabric to rub my clit across it again and again. 

"James," was the word that left my lips. 

"Beautiful, I want you to let go now and slide your fingers under your panties. But only rub the outside of that gorgeous pussy." The tension mounted in me as I felt the smooth skin of my waxed pussy lips. I bit my bottom lip again, trying to be patient for his next set of instructions. 

"Take your hand and slide it under your panties, rub over your lips briefly and bring your fingers back up to taste them. Tell me how wet you are. How good you taste?" 

My eyes open wide at the request. But I do as he asks and whispered to him, "I taste slick, tangy, almost sweet." This is so novel that I sneaked another taste. He must have heard me through the phone, because he chuckled, "does my pet like the taste of herself?" 

I blushed but was honest, "yes, yes I do." 

"Put you fingers back under your panties and move them between your slick folds. But do not touch your clit, only circle it," he commanded of me. I quickly complied. A whimper escaped me as a circle my clit. I arched my back as the tension built within me. I was so wet. 

"Carina, with your hand I want you to, with only your finger, rub your clit in a small slow circle. Do not press hard. Do not come." 

As my fingers found that sensitive bud, the pressure increased. My toes curled in an effort to hold out. I started to beg, "please, please." 

"Mmmm, I love that word on your lips. But not yet, I want you to take two fingers and slowly, deeply dip them into your pussy. Curl and pump those fingers against your g spot. Do not come, Carina," he ended his command harshly. 
