 I could feel the warmth of morning sun shining down upon my body as I walked down the drive from the house to my car. As I walked the rhythm of my stiletto heels against the concrete driveway and the warmth made my mind wander back to the previous day. A smile spread across my lips and I felt warmth within me that wasn't caused by the sunshine. My black halter dress danced against my thighs and my breasts bounced in rhythm with my footsteps. I could feel the eyes of the neighbors watching me as I walked and I relished at the thought of what they were imagining. I didn't have a care in the world; I was a thoroughly satisfied woman.

The day started like any other before. I awoke with the sounds of my children's giggles from their bedroom. I rolled out of bed and grabbed my silk robe from the hook near the bed. I looked at my husband sleeping peacefully on his pillow and I smiled a knowing smile. I knew that he would be sleeping for at least another hour, exhausted from our lovemaking the night before. It was comforting to see him lying there and knowing that I have at least the next 50 years to see that wonderful sight. As I made my way to the children's room their giggles increased as they could hear my footsteps approaching. I thought to myself, "What a great way to start the day!" As I went through the morning routine of breakfast and getting the kids dressed, I remember that today was The Day. Today I was meeting my playmate, Todd. It had been too long since I had last seen him and I was excited. We had made plans to take a drive into the mountains for a picnic and relaxing hike. I had prepared a lunch for us, and had it and a nice bottle of wine waiting in the refrigerator. I set the kids up with a craft activity and went to take my shower.

As the hot water washed over my body my mind wandered. I soaped up my sponge and washed my breasts, the studs of my piercings sparkling through the bubbles. I watched the bubbles flow over my breasts, make a trail down my stomach to my shaved pussy, down my thighs, and pool around my painted toes. My mind began to wander and I thought of what the day would hold for us. I closed my eyes and continued to run the sponge over my body. The mix of my thoughts and the hot water made my body ache with anticipation. I felt my breasts and tweaked my now erect nipples. I love how my studs make my nipples look and feel, but my favorite piercing is the one in my hood. I reached down to feel it and had to remind myself that I needed to get ready for my adventure. Aroused, I gently toweled myself off, put lotion on, and sprayed perfume on my body. I dressed and opened the bathroom door. After checking on the children and giving them another distraction I returned to bathroom to put on my makeup and style my hair. As I put on my makeup I thought about my husband and my playmate and what a lucky lady I truly am. Both men have spectacular cocks, eat my pussy like experts and thoroughly fuck me for hours. How lucky can one woman be? I especially love when the two of them take me at the same time. The feel of one cock in my pussy and the other in my mouth is wonderful, but nothing tops the feel of both beautiful cocks in my pussy! I have to pause for a moment and let the aching feeling in my pussy subside or I will never get out the door! 

I walk out of the bathroom, refreshed and ready for the day just as the babysitter is approaching the door. What timing! I get the sitter settled in, grab the picnic and wine, and kiss the babes and my husband goodbye. He gives me a spank on the ass and a knowing wink and sends me off to my playmate with a heartfelt, "Have fun!" I get in my car and drive to the parking lot at the trailhead. My pussy is already wet in anticipation of seeing Todd again. He is there waiting for me as I pull up. He smiles and waves at me and walks to my car. I pop open the trunk and Todd takes me in his arms, kisses me passionately, and then gets the basket and blanket out. We embrace and walk up the trail to a clearing. I spread out the blanket and unload the basket. As Todd pours us each a glass of wine, I watch him and feel the warmth inside again. We share a relaxing lunch and conversation, resulting in Todd's head in my lap and tracing circles through the fabric covering my nipples. The conversation begins to turn more erotic and we kiss over and over again. Todd tells me that we better take that hike or we will end up playing right there on the blanket in front of all the other picnickers. We gather the picnic up and take it back to the car. Then we head up the trail. I can feel my nipples become erect against the sheer fabric of my blouse. Todd notices this as well and comments on the sight and plants a hot kiss upon my lips probing my mouth with his tongue. I feel warmth spread across my body and take him by the hand and lead him off the trail away from those who may come upon us. 

I lean him against a tree and press my body against his. Our kisses become fevered as we feel each others' bodies. Todd cups my tits in his hands and rubs my piercings with his thumbs. A gasp escapes my lips and I know I can't wait any longer to have his thick cock in my mouth. I make my way down to his pants and feel his now very hard cock through the fabric. I unbutton his pants and reveal his erect cock. I kiss the tip and lick his pre-cum off. I make slow circles around the head and run my tongue down the underside to his balls. I take his balls into my mouth and Todd closes his eyes and leans his head back knowing full well what I plan to do next. I lick and kiss my way back to the tip of his cock and take him fully in my mouth. A moan escapes Todd as I take him deep into my mouth and blow his throbbing cock. I continue to suck and kiss his cock bringing him to the edge, but stopping before he cums. 

I have other plans for his cum and I am not done yet. I make my way back to standing and as I stroke his cock, I tell him to lift my skirt and feel how wet my pussy is. Todd gathers the fabric of my flowing skirt and reaches for my pussy. A look of surprise crosses his face as he discovers I am not wearing panties and he places his fingers in my pussy. I am drenched! He draws his fingers back and places them in his mouth tasting my juices. Then he gives me a kiss and I can taste my wetness in his mouth. I look around and see a clear spot...just right for one person to lie down in. I take him by the hand and we make our way there. I ask Todd to lie down on his back and I straddle his waist and gather my skirt slowly exposing my legs and on up to my wet, wet pussy. I bend my knees and slowly descend until my pussy is kissing the tip of his cock. I ease myself down and take him in slowly, feeling every inch of his thick cock and looking into his eyes. 

Now his cock is buried deep inside me and I begin to ride him, my skirt concealing our joining. I ride him slow at first, long deep strokes letting every nerve ending feel his wonderful cock. Todd grabs hold of my ass, pulling me down further on his cock and I lean forward to kiss his neck and mouth. Our passion mounts and I ride his cock more feverishly. Increasing the tempo of my movements and going deeper with each stroke. I feel like I will explode at any moment and yet, I don't want to stop. Todd can feel that I am getting close to cumming and he grabs my hips and thrusts up to meet my throbbing pussy. I am driven over the edge and I scream out as I cum all over his cock. The sound of my orgasm and the feel of my pussy convulsing around his cock drives Todd to orgasm and he pumps his cum deep inside my pussy. We kiss long and hard as our juices flow out of my pussy, covering Todd's balls. I climb off his cock and lean down to lick our cum and juices off, devouring his cock with pleasure. I stand up and offer him my hand. Todd stands up and gets his clothes in order, then kisses me deeply.

We make our way back to the trail and return to our cars exhausted. He backs me against my car, presses his body against mine and tells me he isn't done yet and wants me to join him for dinner and 'dessert'. I agree and we drive to his place to shower and change clothes. We wash each other, get dressed and then off to dinner. After a few cocktails we return to his place and play until the wee hours of the morning only stopping for water and cat naps. So, this leaves me to where I started...walking to my car with a grin on my face.