 Daniel gave his email one final read, grinning as he did so. His family were going to get the shock of their lives when they realised what he'd done and the consequences of his discovery. He couldn't wait for the shitstorm that was about to follow.

Clicking send, he reclined on his chair. Now to wait. It was 7am in Oyster Creek, which made it 11pm back home in London. If he was lucky, his family would still be awake and hear the beep of their Blackberries. Otherwise, he would not hear from them until the afternoon.

He didn't like waiting. Sucking his teeth, he stood, walking to the bathroom and splashing some water on his face. As he towelled off, he heard a buzz, followed by the familiar jingle of his ringtone.

He grinned, hurrying back out into the main room of his small hotel suite and picking up.

"Hello?"

His grin broadened when he heard a familiar voice at the other end.

"Daniel! What the hell is this shit you've just sent me? What the fuck do you think you're doing?"

"Hello mother," he said in his most-calm voice. "I think I explained everything quite well in the email, personally."

The quality of the call wasn't great, but he was pretty sure he heard her growl. "Well you can explain it again. Right now. What are you playing at?"

"I am merely revealing the truth. I discovered a will whilst I was out here, and it says that the store belongs to the Birch family."

"And how hard did you look for this will? You need to grow up, Daniel, and stop acting like a child. If you want to be let back into this family empire then you need to-"

"Need to what?" he interrupted, a flare of annoyance stabbing through him. His mother always knew how to wind him up. "Firstly, I did not 'look' for the will; I found it in an old drawer of that decrepit old shop you sent me to look after. Secondly, Jenny Birch and her sister Lucy have both worked incredibly hard on that same store and it seems just to me that they are, in fact, it's rightful owners."

"Jenny and Lucy Birch," his mother said sarcastically. "Why am I not surprised? Your dick constantly gets you into trouble, Daniel. You need to stop thinking about getting yourself some pieces of American filth and start thinking about your future."

"I'm sorry?" Dan responded, stunned.

A moment's silence down the other end of the line made Daniel think his mother realised she had gone to far. But there was no such luck. "I said," she growled. "You need to stop thinking about all the little whores you get to fuck by acting like a little prat, and instead-"

"Fuck off." Daniel said it as calmly and dispassionately as he could, though he was aware some of his seething rage had probably leaked into the statement.

The voice at the other end of the phone sounded stunned. A few seconds later, that silence broke with a scream. "WHAT!?"

"I said, 'fuck off'. I mean it. What you can do, mother, is you can fuck off. Don't talk to me like that. Don't talk about people who have more moral integrity than you could possibly muster like that, either. Essentially, dearest mother: fuck off."

Before she could launch into a blistering rage of her own, Daniel heard the phone crackle and then a man's voice was talking down the phone. His father.

"Daniel, I don't know what you just said but your mother looks as if she's going to have an apoplexy. You need to sort this mess out now. Now. Tell this Birch family that the store is not theirs, and that it belongs to us. If there's a legal mess to be had, then you can clean it up. You made it."

Somewhere in the background he could hear his mother wailing. "He told me to fuck off!"

He grinned. "No, I won't. And I've already told mother to fuck off, so I have no problem repeating that to you. Father?"

"Yes?" his father said, clearly annoyed.

"Fuck off."

"That's it!" the old man roared. "I'm booking flights as soon as we're done here. I will sort this mess out if you don't have the ability. But know this: if you still defy us when we get out there it will be the final nail in the coffin of your career."

His mother shouted in the background. "They have tickets to get us there on Friday! I'm booking them now. That runt will learn some manners!" She must have run straight to the laptop.

"Did you hear that Daniel? We're coming out on Friday. Fix this mess before then, or you'll-"

Dan hung up. He'd heard enough. Slumping down on his bed he collected his thoughts. Friday. Friday. That was three days!

Sitting upright he flicked through his phonebook and had soon dialled Jenny. The phone rang four times before she picked up.

"Heya Dan, what's up?" her sweetly soothing voice said.

"I just spoke to my parents."

She paused. "Oh? They called?"

"I guess they felt they had to after that email."

"And?"

He sighed. "Well, firstly let me apologise. I may have kind of kicked the hornet's nest."

"What did you do, Dan?" Jenny said with a slightly exasperated tone. "I knew I shouldn't have let you contact your parents."

"I suppose there's a chance that I might have, well..."

"What?"

"Told them both to fuck off."

Jenny laughed. "That's just great, Dan. I bet they took that real well."

"Not so much. Jenny, they're coming over on Friday."

She stopped laughing in an instant. "Friday?"

"Yeh," he said slowly, grimacing even though she couldn't see his face. "I'm sorry about that."

There was silence on the end of the line for a moment. At length she spoke again. "You've a talent for fucking with people's plans," she sighed. "Friday."

"Look, I'm sorry, I'll-"

"Shut up, Dan."

He actually did. It even shocked himself.

For a few moments neither of them spoke. "Friday," Jenny repeated, as if trying to fully take in what they meant. "You know that, that's not so bad."

"It's not?" Daniel was stunned. He had expected her to never want to speak to him again.

"No, it's not. I want to get this all out of the way. If you'd asked me to set a date, I'd keep putting it off, but I work well under pressure. Friday. I can do that. Dan, let's get the store opened on Thursday."

"Thursday?" he asked. Now it was his turn to be shocked. "But Jenny, that's the day after tomorrow!"

"I know. But we can do it. Think about it; you're getting the display cases today, right? I'm going to go and start looking for suppliers. I already have a list. If you can get just one or two by Thursday then we'll be good to open. How amazing will that look? How much more difficult will it be for your family to contest after we've put so much work in?"

Daniel didn't think it worked like that, but he agreed with the rest of her point. It could be done, and Jenny seemed determined. "Alright, Jenny. Let's get it opened by Thursday."

"Perfect!" she said. She actually sounded excited.

"Jenny, your ability to find the good in a situation astounds me."

She laughed. "And your ability to sound pessimistic. Well, I suppose I should get started. I know exactly who I'm going to approach."

"Oh?"

"Yeh, a local painter. I know him quite well and he's very good. I reckon he'll be delighted to show his art in the new store."

"Anything you want me to do?" Daniel asked.

"Actually there is. I left my driving license in your hotel room when I had to show it to get the champagne. I don't need it now but can you drop it off at my house on your way into the store?"

Daniel glanced around the room. Sure enough, her driving license was lying next to the television. "Sure. Should I just stick it in the mailbox or something?"

"What? No! Anyone could steal it if you did that, Dan," she laughed. "No, you'll be fine. Lucy should be in. There's another silver lining for you, huh?"

"I guess I'll find out," he chuckled.

"I best go, Dan. I need to get started on finding stock. But before I do, one more thing?"

"Yes?"

"Let me talk to your parents next time, alright?"

Dan laughed. "Fair enough, Jenny. Good luck."

"Thanks. And don't get into work too late, Dan."

"Oh, I won't. I'll leave now."

"Yeh, via my house. Where my sister is."

He heard her laughing as she ended the call. Shaking his head with a wry smile, he picked up his assorted belongings and headed for the door, grabbing Jenny's driving license on the way.

Friday.

******************

Daniel tipped the taxi driver as he climbed out, checking the address on the driving licence one final time before the car pulled away. It was correct, as it had been every other time he'd looked, and he strode to the door.

He knocked, looking around as he did so. It was a good-sized house, with white wooden walls and a well looked-after garden. Grass bordered by graceful flowering bushes probably did not require too much work, but still gave a lovely impression.

He turned back to the door as he heard the latch, and smiled as it swung open. Lucy stood there in a silk dressing gown, the front pushed out by her wonderfully huge breasts, and though the belt was done up Daniel could quite clearly see the outline of her figure. Her long, wavy blonde hair fell down over one shoulder, and her brown eyes radiated friendliness.

"Why hello there, hun."

Daniel smiled back. "Jenny left her driving licence in my hotel room. She told me to bring it round."

"In your hotel room, huh? She didn't tell me that's where she'd left it," Lucy laughed. "But she did tell me you'd be bringing it round."

"Excellent." Daniel proffered Lucy the slip of laminated card. "Could you give it to her then?"

"Sure thing."

Lucy took it, turning back to place it on the small table by the door. She paused a moment, before returning her gaze to Daniel.

"Would you like to come in? Unless you plan on walking to work you'll need a ride. Give me a few minutes and I'll give you one."

"You'll give me a ride?" Daniel said with a mischievous smile.

Lucy's eyes sparkled. "Of course. Won't you come in?"

Daniel laughed, and stepped past Lucy into the hall. It was large and well-furnished, with pale blue walls and a larger table against the wall to complement the smaller one by the door.

"Can I get you a drink?" Lucy said, waving him through to the living room. "We've soda if you like."

"Sure. Thanks," he said, taking a seat. She wandered off to the kitchen.

"So what was my sister doing in your hotel room?"

Daniel paused a moment before responding, shaking his head with mirth. "What do you think?"

He heard Lucy giggle. After a moment, she returned with a coke. "Here you are, hun."

"Thanks," he said, taking it, before looking up at the stunning blonde. After a moment he spoke.

"I don't know if Jenny's given you the news, Lucy, but I should tell you that you and her are the rightful owners of the Oyster Creek General Store."

Lucy looked down at him with a warm smile. "She has told me. It's a lot to take in, hun. I wasn't going to say anything since I didn't want to gloat, but yes, I know."

"Well, she wants to open it on Thursday."

Lucy's eyes opened wide. "Thursday?"

"Yup."

"Well, if anyone can do it, my sister can," Lucy shrugged. "And thanks for doing what you did, Dan. It would have been very easy to just keep it to yourself."

Daniel smiled, slightly embarrassed. "It was the right thing to do."

"Maybe, but you've got a lot to lose. It takes a strong person to do that."

"Thanks, Lucy."

He took a sip from his soda, before glancing back up at the blonde beauty. He needed to redirect this conversation away from embarrassing him.

"If you don't mind me asking, why is it you're only part-time at the store?"

"Wish you saw more of my lovely face?" she said, a teasing smile on her lips.

He chuckled. "Something like that."

"Well, I design and model my own clothes Monday to Wednesday. I'd do it for the whole week, but the money's not quite there yet to live off that alone."

"What sorts of clothes do you design?"

Lucy's smile broadened into a wicked grin. "Lingerie."

Lingerie?! Daniel's cock twitched at the mere thought, and he had spoken the next words before he could catch himself. "Got any pictures?"

Lucy laughed, her brown eyes glowing. "Yes, of course I do. Would you like to see them?"

He could only nod.

"Then follow me."

Daniel stood, following the well-stacked blonde from the living room and up the stairs. He could do nothing but stare at her lovely ass as she climbed the steps ahead of him, though he was quite sure she would not have cared.

They came to a small room at the end of the landing which Lucy stepped into. Daniel followed her, and his eyes widened in surprise. Pencils and pads and stencils and scissors lay everywhere, and he turned to Lucy. He must have looked shocked, because she laughed.

"Yes, I really do design underwear. I wasn't lying."

"I never suggested you were!" he hastily said. "I just didn't think it required so much... equipment."

"Well, designing underwear properly takes a little more work than those pictures of women in their bras you drew at the back of your sketchbook in school." She laughed at that. "Here, there's my portfolio. I'm going to go and change. Enjoy it." She winked at him, then left, taking the door immediately to the right of her study.

Daniel held the thick, broad book. It was fake-leather bound with expensive glossy paper within, and he took a seat before opening it.

The very first picture took his breath away, and it never returned as he leafed through the pages. Every image looked fantastic. Most were of Lucy, standing or reclining in numerous seductive poses, gorgeous underwear adorning her form. Some of it he swore he had seen before, and it took a moment before he realised he had done - on Jenny. Obviously she got her lingerie from her sister, which given the quality of these designs was not altogether a surprise. Occasionally women he did not recognise would be in a photo, but they all looked great, and more importantly Lucy's underwear looked great on them all.

Of course, the pictures were not overly erotic - they were underwear models not softcore pornstars, after all - but a certain level of eroticism was inescapable in images of beautiful, scantily-clad women. Daniel breathed in sharply as he turned to the last page, a two-sheet spread of Lucy awaiting him there. She stood smiling at the camera, her wavy blonde hair swept forward over one shoulder, her hands by her hips and a set of lacey purple underwear protecting her modesty.

He glanced up as the door opened, and smiled at Lucy. She was still in her robe, and she stood looking at him with a mischievous glimmer in her eyes.

"Having fun?" she said at last.

"I am indeed," he breathed, staring at her. Seeing her in those pictures had brought his member half to attention, and he yearned to grasp the stunning woman who regarded him with a wicked smile. "But it seems I've finished the portfolio."

"That's a shame," she said back without breaking eye contact, still standing motionless in the doorway.

"Do you have any more pictures?" Daniel placed the heavy book back on the desk which Lucy had picked it up from. "I'd like to see some if you do."

"How about we go one better, hun?"

With that, she undid the belt to the dressing gown, letting it slide from her shoulders and flutter to the floor. Daniel's breath caught in his throat; underneath the golden silk she was wearing a white teddy. His eyes eagerly took in the sight, the frilly-edged lace that pushed out magnificently from her huge breasts, then hugged her slim form.

In one movement he stood and stepped towards her, wrapping her in his arms, crushing his body against hers. Immediately, their lips pressed together, initiating a passionate kiss, and Daniel groaned at the feeling of her wonderful figure tight to him. His hands roved over her back, feeling the soft ridges of the lace, and her own arms moved to his hips.

Lucy moaned as she broke the kiss, her brown eyes glowing into his.

"Do you like what you see? I got this one back yesterday. I'm taking it to a show next week."

"It's stunning," Daniel murmured back, running his fingers beneath the straps that ran over her shoulders.

"I'm glad you like it," she giggled.

"I'll like it even better when it's crumpled on the floor."

Lucy grinned wickedly as she reinitiated the kiss, pushing her tongue into Daniel's mouth. Once more he wrapped his hands around the blonde beauty, pulling her close to him, and once more she placed her hands on his hips.

Daniel pushed her backwards, guiding her out of the study and into the door she had emerged from, and Lucy gave no resistance. Unsurprisingly, the room was her bedroom, and although it seemed well-decorated the only furnishing that held Daniel's attention was the king-sized bed that sat with its headboard against the wall.

He gently lowered her down onto it, still not breaking the kiss, placing his hands flat on the mattress as she crawled further up the bed. He followed her, and soon the two of them were entwined with each other, one of Daniel's hands grasping her huge breasts through the teddy.

The hand lifted, finding the strap that sat on her shoulder and sliding it down her arm. The teddy fell loose on that side, and finally breaking the kiss he hooked it over her right breast.

He sighed in wonder as the glorious mound was revealed, grasping the supple flesh and squeezing it. Lucy moaned, her eyes burning with desire, and Daniel grinned.

"You've been waiting for that ever since you fucked me at the mall, haven't you?" she said, and Daniel nodded before sliding the remaining strap from her shoulder.

He tugged the teddy down, both her breasts now revealed, and grasped the twin mounds, pushing them together before kissing their nipples. He gently kneaded them as his tongue and lips explored the buds of her nipples, and Lucy placed her hands on the back of his head as if to tug him into her chest.

Eventually, she extended her right arm behind her, pushing herself upright as she crushed her lips against Daniel's, the fingers of her left hand hooking underneath his t-shirt. He took the hint, grasping the cotton and tugging it over his head, and Lucy breathed out a sigh of delight as his toned chest and stomach were revealed.

He threw the t-shirt away, moving to kiss Lucy again, but she placed a finger on his lips and shook her head.

"And your pants..."

He unbuckled his belt at her request, and Lucy kissed his neck as he rolled onto his side, tugging the jeans from his legs. He took his socks with them, and soon the whole lot had been unceremoniously dumped on the floor, leaving Daniel in only his boxers.

"Much better," Lucy breathed, grasping Daniel's face and kissing him passionately. His hands moved to her hips and steadily climbed her body until her bare breasts were under his palms once more.

They continued to kiss that way for a moment, their tongues duelling, Lucy's hands holding his head firmly whilst his softly squeezed her huge breasts. Eventually, however, Daniel shifted forwards, laying the blonde onto her back and moving his hands so that he held himself above her.

With a groan he lowered his head, sucking one of her nipples into his mouth and running his tongue around the bud, then slowly tracing his lips to her other breast where the motion was repeated. Gradually, his mouth crept lower, and his hands moved to grasp the lacy teddy as his lips kissed the skin that tugging it down revealed. Smooth, toned stomach and then the tops of her creamy thighs all fell prey to his marauding tongue, and soon he had pulled the lingerie completely from her body. She stared up at him, animal hunger in her eyes, and he drank in the sight of the gorgeous woman totally naked.

"Damn that dress for hiding all this from me," he murmured, stroking his palms down her inner thighs.
