 Frustrating was not the word, here I had the cock of a woman's dreams, and I didn't know shit to do with it. Oh, I got pussy when I wanted; I could have my sister Callie or mom almost whenever I wanted. Hell, once I came into the house, told mom how horny I was and the next thing she had her slacks at her ankles and was bent over the kitchen tabling taking every inch of my into her.

I wanted more, a lot more; I just didn't know how. Callie had said once word got out the girls would come flocking. Well, it didn't seem like the word was getting out. It had been over a week since my realization not only was I not nerd freak; I bordered on being a fucking stud. OK...ok...so the nerd still is a nerd; what's a guy to do?

Saturday I came home from a game of pick up with the guys, and headed into the kitchen for cold water. I froze just as I reached for the kitchen faucet. Holy SHIT! Laying out on blankets in our back yard was three of the hottest babes I had ever seen. The fact one of them was my sister Callie didn't matter to my hardening dick.

I ground against the kitchen sink as I watched them talking, spreading suntan lotion over their bodies. Their swimsuits left nothing to the imagination, and I mean nothing. I almost drooled as I stared at six protruding nipples, and three tight camel toes in bikinis.

I watched as Callie rose and headed for the back door. I wanted to run to my room and hide my hard cock, but something made me stay this time. When Callie came into the kitchen, seeing me, she smiled.

"Hey Carrot" she said.

I could only stare as her tits swayed while she walked across the kitchen to the fridge. Opening the door, she bent over and retrieved a cold bottle of water. The cloth of her suit bottom stretched over the firm globes of her ass as I watched.

"Oh fuck" I whispered.

Callie rose and turned to face me, a smile on her lips. "You wish little bro" she told me. "Did you score today?"

Thinking she meant the basketball game I had just come from, I snorted.

"Yeah...some." I replied.

A wicked smile came over Callie's mouth as she realized how slow I was today. She stepped closer and reached down, her hand cupping my now half hard cock bulging in my shorts.

"Stick around" she whispered as her hand gently squeezed my thickening shaft. "You might score again."

Holy shit, did my sister just grab my cock right here in the kitchen while her friends were half nude in our back yard. God damn, I thought.

I watched as Callie strode back into the yard and plopped down on the blanket next to a hot blonde. Watching them giggle and talk, my eyes traveled over the blondes trim figure. Slimmer than my sister, her small frame made her tits look enormous on her, as he nipples tried to poke through the top. Her supple thighs glistened with baby oil as she moved on the blanket. I could feel myself quickly rising to full mast as I thought of the hot blonde on all fours taking my cock.

Suddenly, the blondes head jerked up at something Callie said, and then she looked right at me through the kitchen window. Her eyes were huge and she violently shook her head. Callie said something, and I watched as the blonde climbed to her feet and headed for the back door. Oh shit, what to do. While my numbed mind tried to work, the girl came walking through the door.

"Oh hey" the girl said. "You must be Mark, I'm Megan."

"Uh...hi Megan" I mumbled. I kept my body facing the sink, trying to hide my raging hard on. While my eyes fastened to those glorious tits.

"I know; they're pretty big" Megan said. "But they aren't my best feature", she smiled.

I stared as Megan turned just like Callie had done. Opening the refrigerator, she bent and pulled out a bottle of cold water. I gazed at the firmest, sweetest ass I had ever seen. Feeling a rush of blood make my cock filling to full length and begin to throb.

As Megan turned back, she held the bottle of water close to her, lightly rubbing it across one nipple, the cold making the bud harden and protrude even more.

"Oh Jesus" I mumbled.

"So Callie tells me you have a best feature" Megan said in a throaty voice. "Is it true?"

I couldn't speak; it was like my voice was frozen. I did the only thing my hormone over loaded brain could think of. I turned and faced Megan, my thumbs hooking into the sides of my shorts. In one swift motion I jerked them down, releasing eleven inches of hard cock from its tight confinement.

"Holy fuck" Megan whispered in awe, her eyes never leaving my throbbing cock.

"It's not my best talent" I tried not to gloat to Megan.

"What is?" Megan asked, her saucer eyes staring back at my face.

"Why don't you slip that suit bottom off, and hop up on the table and I'll show you" I asked.

I was surprised when Megan set the water bottle on the counter and stepped over to the kitchen table. It was like a wet cream come true as she peeled her suit off, then slid her ass onto the small table. Like I was going to let this opportunity pass by, I had to be fucking dead if I did.

I stepped between her firm thighs, separating them with my hands. As I kneeled between her spread legs, my eyes took in the bald, smooth pussy; her pouty lips beginning to glisten with her juices already.

"You're going to..." Megan started ask in surprise. Then my hot mouth closed over her wet lips and sucked them in, ending any intelligent conversation Megan was capable of.

"Oh shit yessssssssssss" Megan mewled as her head rolled back.

I drove my tongue between her lips, tasting her sweet cream as it coated my tongue. Fuck she tasted good I thought. I opened my mouth wider as sucked her hard clit in deep.

"Oh God...oh fuck..." Megan groaned. Her hands came down and gripped my head, as she ground her pelvis into my face.

"A fucking monster cock" she gasped above me. "And a cunt lapper too, where did I go right." Her hips jerking as my tongue drove in and out.

I sucked and tugged on her throbbing lips, while my fingers splayed her pinkness open to me. I knew she had to get outside before the other two came to check on her. I nipped at her clit and then began to lash it with the tip of my tongue.

"Oh shit" Megan grunted. "You're going to make me cum; so fucking good." She moaned.

As I felt her thighs begin to quiver around my head, I thought of the trick my mother had taught me. Without warning, I rammed two fingers deep into her clutching pussy. Curling them, I let the tips scrape across that spot at the top of her vagina.

"Unnngggggggggghhh" Megan groaned as I felt her ass try to lift off the table. I felt a hot gush of fluids fill my mouth as she convulsed in pleasure.

"Fuck you're good" Megan moaned as I watched her belly ripple from the intensity of her orgasm.

I felt her pulling up on my head, and slowly rose between her splayed thighs. She stared at my face lathered in her cream with a lust burning in her eyes.

"Fuck me" she growled. "Shove that monster in me baby. I want you to drive it so deep into me I feel it coming out my fucking throat."

Never one to ignore a lady, I stepped closer, letting the swollen head of my cock lodge against her cunt lips. My hips drove forward as I tried to ram my cock deep into her. I could feel eight; maybe nine inches sink in before her tightness stopped my forward movement.

"Arrgghhhhhhhhhhhhhhh" Megan screamed. I looked at the kitchen door, hoping Callie and her other friend hadn't heard.

"Don't stop" Megan breathed. I felt her legs rise up and wrap around my waist. "I want all of it...oh God."

Pulling back, I braced myself, and then slammed even harder into her. This time, sinking in until about an inch or so remained yet.

"Oh fuccckkkkkkkkkkk" Megan moaned. Her eyes had rolled back, and I could feel her nails digging into my shoulders.

"It hurts sooooo fucking GOOD" she almost screamed.

The last stroke I had felt her body start to slide back on the table, forcing me to lose some leverage. I reached down and cupped that perfect ass as I drew back. This time, I was going to finish the job.

I used every ounce of strength I had, and slammed hard into her. I felt my cock sink deep in until my pelvis ground against her slick mound. My balls lightly slapping her ass as I buried myself into her.

"Oh my GOD" Megan cried. "Eleven fucking inches" then her body began to violently shake against mine. "Cumming...oh fuck I'm cumming" Megan mumbled.

I felt her hot juices seeping out around my cock and puddle on the table under her. I was worried I was hurting her and then realized the locked legs around my ass told me otherwise.

My hips began to piston in and out. Looking down I watched my thick cock as her tight lips dragged along the length. It was the hottest sight I had ever seen, as her white cream coated my entire length. With long strokes I fucked into Megan, one of the hottest girls in my class, and she was now mine.

I pulled back to just the swollen head, then drove back in; letting her feel every inch of my cock with long, powerful strokes.

Megan babbled, and then cried as I felt her nails clawing at my back. I kept up the rhythm, fucking into her over and over. With her head hanging back, her eyes almost permanently rolled back, I watched her shudder through one, and then two, and finally three orgasms in a row as I pounded into her.

A constant gurgling sound was the only noise she made as her heels banged against my ass cheeks with every stroke. I could feel my balls tightening, signaling my release.

"Megan...I'm going to cum." I tried to warn her. I felt her legs tighten around my waist.

"Do it" she rumbled in my ear. "Cum inside me...mark me...make me your woman." Her voice was hoarse as she spoke. "Oh God I want to feel it...please" she almost begged.

"OH fuck" I grunted, driving my hips forward into the swamp that was now her pussy. Holding still, my cock buried deep inside her clutching cunt. My cock jerked, as I felt the first blast of my thick cum spew deep inside her.

"Yessssssssssssssss" Megan wailed as another orgasm tore through her body. "I feel it, oh sweet Jesus." She cried. 

I clung to her quaking body as my balls emptied themselves inside her. I felt her pussy cream gushing out, forming almost a lake now under her ass on the table. Spent, I finally began to disentangle myself from her grasp.

"Jesus, you're still hard" Megan said in wonder as she gazed down as my cum slick cock slid free.

"It usually takes a few rounds" I said sheepishly.

Megan slid off the table and bent to retrieve her discarded suit bottom. As she stepped into it, she looked up.

"Baby, give me twenty four hours with that thing and I would fucking love to see if I could drain you." She said.

I watched as she pulled her suit bottom into place, an instant stain forming in the crotch as our mixed juices seeped out of her still gaping pussy, soaking into the cloth.

"You are only my third" Mark muttered. He watched in wonder as Megan straightened her suit and hair, then turned to face him. It was like she was business as usual, when he had just been pounding into her like a jack hammer not ten minutes ago.

"You're shitting me" Megan said with surprise. She stared at me with a puzzled look.

"No" I told her. "You really are only the third girl I've been with."

"Well stallion" Megan said. "Get ready." Megan rose to her tip toes and kissed his cheek. Her voice was a soft whisper in his ear. "You just hit the big time buddy."

Megan glanced out the kitchen window, and then turned back. "In fact" she said with a smile. "Stay just like that big boy." The she headed for the back door.