 The night was hot. There was some humidity in the air, but that was to be expected, after all it was August. The balcony of my house overlooked the Pacific Ocean, and the slight breeze felt good against my tingling skin. I knew he was coming tonight. I don't know how I knew, I just did.

The anticipation alone was almost enough to send shivers through me, despite the heat. After our last encounter, I couldn't possibly imagine it getting any better. His touch was like fire leaving his fingertips and piercing my skin. His dark eyes could set my soul on fire. The wisdom and depth they held told a thousand stories.

My heart was pounding, waiting, almost leaving me breathless. Every time I thought of him, I would get a quiver in my stomach. How could one kiss set me on fire like that? My hand instinctively rose to touch my lips. It was as if just touching them brought him back. I licked them in hopes of tasting him one more time. My teeth played with my bottom lip, while my tongue made little, almost imaginary circles. Oh, where that mouth had been and the things it had done. Was I blushing?

I looked at my watch. 9:30. He would come.

I leaned over the railing, just enough that my arms gently squeezed my firm breasts. The breasts that his mouth had covered, his teeth had teased, his touch had seared. My blouse was cut low, almost too low, and I glanced at my chest, rising and falling with each breath. When would he get here?

I turned to look at my reflection in the sliding glass door. I wasn't drop dead gorgeous, but I was worth a second look. I looked at my waist, my navel exposed just a bit by my short blouse. My skirt was short, but not too short. Would he know I wasn't wearing any panties? God, the thought of what he would do with his hands when he discovered that made me wet with desire. Who knew that fingers could do such wonderful things?

My reflection stared back at me, with a look I knew all too well. There was desire written all over my face. I bit my lower lip, almost afraid to recall all the details of our last encounter. Had it been a month already? He was so smooth, and seemed to know that I'd fall for him. 

I had just finished my last set at the club. I had seen him there a few times before, always staring at me, with a kid of smirk on his face. I don't know why he chose that night to introduce himself to me though. I was always a little out of breath when I was done singing. It was a lot of work playing the sax and singing for three hours every night. But I wouldn't give it up for the world.

"You were wonderful, as usual," he said. "There's just something about your voice that is mesmerizing."

I had just come off the stage and was looking for a drink. "Thanks," I said, showing indifference.

"No, really, when you sing, it moves me. Wow, did I actually just say that?" He chuckled and his eyes lit up. I think that's what broke the ice. "At least let me buy you a drink."

"Deal."

We sat at the bar and talked for what seemed like hours. His intensity burned through me when he talked of serious things, but his humor caught me off guard. His laugh was the probably the sexiest sound I had heard in all my life. It was a genuine laugh that came from his heart. Life was too short to be serious, and next to music, my love was comedy. If I had a dime for every time someone told me I should be a comedienne, I wouldn’t need to work because I'd already be rich. Humor was always the first quality I looked for in a man. Next to a cute ass, of course.

Manny finally came up to us to let us know they were closing. He gave me a look that said, "Are you ok with this guy, or do you want me to get rid of him?" I winked at him and he smiled as he walked off.

"Do you need a ride home," he asked me. So, this was it, I thought. The moment of truth. I knew my car was parked out back, but something inside me told me that this was a once in a lifetime thing. Things like this don't happen to me. I figured I was destined to meet someone in the grocery store who had two kids from his previous marriage, who were now throwing Fruit Loops at each other in the grocery cart. He'd be an engineer or something that would keep him at work until 11 pm. I always had the worst luck with men. I felt like I was a magnet for the poor and down trodden. Guys with hard luck stories, or ones who were looking for laughs. Something was telling me this guy was different, and I'll be damned if I could tell you what it was. Gut instinct? That "woman's intuition" thing I'd heard all my life? I have no idea. I do know however, that a large contributing factor was the growing warmth between my legs every time I heard him laugh. I could see us being crazy together.

"Hello, is this thing on?" He was tapping an imaginary mike in his hand.

"Sorry, off in another world," I said looking away from his smile.

"I'm just offering a ride home, not a marriage proposal," he said. "At least not on the first date."

Ice broken once again, something came over me like a thin piece of gauze. "I'd really love a ride," I said. I was surprised that I could actually talk while holding my breath.

"Great, my Pacer is parked out front." 

Well that did it. I stopped dead in my tracks finally realizing my self-fulfilled prophecies always seemed to come true.

"Geez, you're gullible," he laughed as he took my hand, moving me from my rooted position.

"G'night Manny," I said and I waved to the bartender/owner of the club.

"Night, doll. Be safe." Ah, Manny where would I be without him? But that's another story for another time.

Seeing as there were only three cars left in the lot, and one extremely inebriated female trying to convince her friend that she was fine to drive by one of them, I narrowed his car down to the Lexus, or the Mazda 626. Please be the Lexus, I thought.

Sure as anything he gets out his keys to the pristine Lexus with leather interior. When did I become so material? God, the leather felt good against my bare legs. The car smelled like his cologne. Sexy.

He drove me home, with me muttering out directions. I kept thinking of what I was doing. In this day and age, one can never be too sure. AIDS, serial killers, rapists. Oh please be normal, I thought.

The coastal drive was short, I didn't live too far away from the club, and we pulled into my drive. My heart was pounding with anticipation. What now? Do I kiss him good night? Shake his hand? Oh, yeah, that had loser written all over it. Without thinking, I leaned over to give him a quick peck on the cheek. I could feel his breath, smell his skin and see his desire. He turned his face and held it inches from mine. My move, I liked that. He wasn't going to make me do something I didn't want. I looked down at his pants, only to see his erectness. That did it. I slowly cupped his face with my hands and kissed his incredible lips. I was almost startled at how hot they were. But a wave of desire had taken over my mind and I couldn't control myself. 

I parted his lips with my tongue and felt his teeth, slightly parted. His tongue moved ever so slowly into my waiting mouth and a small moan escaped my lips. At that instant, I knew I wanted him. Like I've never wanted anything before in my life. It was all I could do to not jump over onto his lap. Damn gearshift.

Without notice, he pulled back. What was wrong? I had a stick of gum while we were at the bar. Was I that bad? But one look into his eyes told me I was that good. I knew he wanted me as much as I wanted him. I went wet with desire.

"Come in with me," I said.

"No, not tonight." Morals? I meet a guy I want to go to bed with and he has morals? Just my luck. But I could tell that it was killing him to say it. I took my hand and gently reached over to touch his totally erect penis. I slowly massaged it, as he leaned back and closed his eyes. I could hear his breath getting heavier and was wondering what he was thinking. Certainly not baseball.

"Come in with me," I said again, this time barely an audible whisper. His eyes slowly opened, almost black with intensity. I looked directly into them and nodded.

"Are you sure?" he asked. It almost seemed to pain him as he said it, but I knew that I had never been more sure of anything.

Still looking in his eyes, I reached and grabbed the door handle. I opened the door and started to slide out, without taking my eyes off his. Once out of the car, I started heading up my walkway. I figured the ball was in his court and if he wanted to follow, he could. I opened my front door without looking back. Once inside, I turned to see if he had gotten out of the car or not.

The car was empty and a warm feeling crept over me as I watched him walk up to my house. My hands were shaking slightly as I removed the key from the lock and stood aside to let him in. The lights were off, but there was a soft glow from the moon. The entire side of the house that faced the ocean was windows, so I could see well enough inside. I reached for the light switch, but his hand slowly came down on mine, and he shook his head ever so slightly. I had to admit that if ever there were a picture perfect setting, this was it. That was one of the reasons I had bought this house.

My mind raced with a thousand thoughts. Was I insane? At that moment I didn't care. He was looking at me with eyes so intense they almost hurt to look at. So I turned my gaze downward. His black shirt was tucked into his jeans, so I gently reached my arms around his back and began to pull his shirt out. I noticed his cowboy boots. Was this guy from a dream, or what?

We inched our way to the sofa, all the while my hands were on his muscled back, feeling every inch of his skin that I could. Shirt finally untucked, in one swift movement of his arms, it was off and on the floor. Good, he was stunning. I gasped slightly at the sight of his washboard stomach. The word Adonis crept into my head. This was not happening to ME! Ah, but it was, and I was going to savor every moment of it.

My hands next went to his waist, where I undid his belt buckle, unbuttoned his jeans, and unzipped his pants. My deft little fingers seemed like they had done this a hundred times. I thought I would just look at him. I could see his white BVD's that were bulging with his manhood. Had I ever wanted something so bad? I couldn't help but reach down and touch it. I felt like a little girl set free in a candy store. I bit my lower lip, almost too hard. The pain made me look up at his face. The moonlight made his 5 o'clock shadow stand out, but it couldn't hide those haunting eyes. 

His lips were parted and he was breathing heavy. One quick tug and his jeans fell to the floor. There was no hiding what was in his shorts. Pure, unadulterated, MAN. He was still standing as I lowered myself to my knees. I wanted to taste him. I put my hand on him to just feel how hard he was. His head went back and he made a noise, almost like he was in pain. I took down his shorts and thought I was going to pass out. He was huge. I felt a trickle of moisture run down my leg as I thought of the incredible things I wanted to do to this man.

I slowly ran my tongue over the tip, feeling the smooth surface under my tongue. My hand held his shaft as I plunged my mouth around him. He almost shrieked with pleasure as he grabbed my hair behind me head. I stroked, sucked, licked and massaged and if it was possible, he got even harder. I knew I was driving him crazy and the thought sent shivers down my spine. I took my tongue and started at the base and worked my way to the tip, then surrounded it with my whole mouth. My teeth softly nibbled the very tip and he gasped. I looked up at him to see his reaction and he bent his head down and gave a lop-sided grin.

"Go easy, baby," he said. "I want this to last a while."

He eased me back up to a standing position and unbuttoned my blouse. With each button came tiny, sweet little kisses on the newly exposed skin. When he got to my breasts, he paused and looked in my eyes. I shied away, but he cupped my chin and turned me back to look at him.

"God, you're beautiful," he said and unbuttoned another button. When he had reached the last one, he opened my shirt and slid it off my shoulders, down to my elbows. He moved his mouth down to my flat stomach and gave my navel soft kisses. It was my turn to moan. His hands slowly moved up my torso and stopped to unhook my bra.

"I love lace, you know," he whispered and a slight smile crept across my face. My shirt and bra came off in a quick movement and landed silently on the floor. I realized that he was still standing there with his pants around his ankles, so I backed up for him to be able to take them off. Boots first, then pants were kicked across the floor. At that moment I was staring at a god. I hadn't noticed before how thick his thigh muscles were. 

He was absolutely gorgeous. Why me, I thought. Why did he pick me? Here is this beautiful creature and he chose me. He looked down at me and saw the small frown that had crossed my face.

"Second thoughts" he asked. "It's ok. I want you to want it."

"What?" I must have looked pretty strange standing there with no shirt on, no bra but a skirt on, and a dumbfounded look on my face. "Oh, I want it," I assured him. "I was just wondering what made you pick me?"

"I've been going to that club for 6 months, watching you from far away. I have always left right after your set is done because I figured there was no way a guy like me would have a chance with someone as beautiful and gifted as you. It took me a long time to get the nerve just to sit where you could see me, and even longer to build up the nerve to talk to you."

"Me? I'm just an ordinary, run of the mill person, there's nothing special about me." I was still pondering all this when he reached down and grabbed my chin, lifted it up and kissed me.

In that moment, I knew passion. I thought I had felt it before, but this was something that felt like I would die if this kiss ended right now. His lips were so hot they almost burned mine. His tongue sought mine in an earnest quest that let me know that he had thought about this moment for a long time. I felt my knees go weak and as if sensing that, he picked me up and carried me to the couch. He knelt and gently laid me down, as if I was a china doll. His tenderness struck a note in my soul.

I reached for him and pulled his face close to mine. "I want you." I wasn't even sure I said the words out loud. But judging by the expression on his face, I knew I had. His hands slid down my body and he undid my skirt. I lifted my pelvis to remove the skirt, and his hands lingered there. He shifted me so that I was almost sitting on the couch, now naked except for my lace panties. He slowly removed them, as if savoring each and every second. He removed them and let them drop on the floor, never moving his gaze from my moist essence of womanhood. He shook his head slightly and looked at me with a boyish grin.

"You shave," he said.

"Is that bad?" I said in a teasing tone.

"Oh, absolutely not. That's wonderful." He lowered his head and took me in his mouth. I felt like screaming as his tongue slid across my clit. Heaven. That was the only word to describe how I was feeling. Until he slid his finger inside me, then I thought I had died and gone to heaven.

"Oh my God," I said over and over again. I rubbed my fingers through his dark masses of wavy hair. "Oh, God, yes." He expertly moved his tongue and fingers in a carefully choreographed dance. I felt my hips involuntarily move in rhythm with his fingers. I couldn't stand it for another second and grabbed his hair and pulled him up.

"I want you inside me," I growled.

That grin was back and he shook his head no. "I've only just begun," he said as he went back to lick the juice that was now freely flowing. "God, you taste good."

Spasms shook through my body and small screams escaped my lips. I felt the mounting heat flow through my veins and I came with such force that I almost knocked him over. He kept sucking and licking and before the first wave had passed, another took its place. He slowly backed off and looked at me.

"Are you ok?" he asked.

Um, let me think, an incredibly gorgeous man has just brought me to climax, twice, before having sex. "Oh yes," I answered. I sat up and reached down for his throbbing mass and began to caress.

"Your turn, don't you think?" I asked him as I gently stroked him.

"Your wish is my command," he said as we switched places. He sat on the couch and leaned back and I knelt on the floor between his legs. In one fell swoop, I took all of him into my mouth and I thought I heard a scream. Using both my hands and my mouth in sync, I went up and down until I thought he was at the brink of exploding.

"Stop, stop," he pleaded.

"What's wrong?" I asked, concerned that I had done something wrong.

"Oh, nothing's wrong. You're going to make me come and I'm not ready. You have quite an incredible mouth you know," he said as he looked down at me. 

I felt flushed at the compliment, but also at knowing that I held the power to bring this man to satisfaction. At that I rose and sat down on his shaft. I thought I was going to faint from the pain, but in the next instant, he started moving his hips and the pain turned to glorious pleasure. I rode him hard for a few minutes and in a quick motion, he had flipped me on to my back, and he was suddenly on top, never leaving me. I thought I had felt pleasure and I thought I had experienced orgasms, but there was nothing to prepare me for what was happening now to my body. I lost control and felt the intense heat of my insides as I knew my cum was dripping out of me. My muscles clenched and I felt him give a great shove as he erupted inside me. His moan almost made me cum again. His body was glistening with sweat and his hair was damp on his forehead. He lowered himself onto me, still never leaving me. His breath was hard and fast.

I could still feel myself dripping and suddenly had an urge to get in the shower with him. "Want to take a shower?" I asked as he was kissing my neck with tiny, tender kisses.

"Give me a second," he said. He propped himself up on his elbow and looked down at my face. He moved a strand of hair from my eyes and started to gently stroke my hair. "You are absolutely incredible," he said, as if stating fact.

"Well, you are not so bad yourself, you know," I quipped back. "I can honestly say that this night has been full of firsts." I couldn't hide my smile. "You know, I don't even know your name," I thought aloud.

Slowly he stood up and reached his arm out for me, helping me up from the couch. "Eric. How 'bout that shower now?" "Upstairs," I said pointing the way, trying to stifle a grin. Still holding his hand, I led him up the spiral staircase that led to my bedroom and bathroom.

"Wow, this is an incredible house," he said, looking around.

"Thanks, I'm quite fond of it myself." I turned on the water to the shower and let it warm up a bit. I glanced at my birth control pills on the edge of the sink, offering up a silent prayer of thanks. 

Without a word, I stepped into the shower and let the hot water run down the front of my body. He stepped in behind me and slipped his hands around my waist, kissing my neck and shoulders. Another silent prayer for the huge shower that I had always wanted and found in this house. I turned and looked at him, now able to see him with the lights on. He was still magnificent. He cupped water in his hands and rubbed it on his face, then through his hair. Lord, was it possible for this man to be any better looking?

He just kid of looked at me with this evil grin. "What?"

"Nothing, just looking."

"Look all you want, I'm not going anywhere."

I grabbed the bar of soap and washed my face. I always hated the smoke from the club, it left me feeling dirty. I stood under the water and let it run through my hair. He took the soap from me and rubbed it in his hands. Then he ran his hands over the front of my body. He took extra time with my breasts, and it felt wonderful. It was erotic and I started to get that warm feeling all over again. I picked up the soap and thought that two could play that game. I got a good lather in my hands, then took his not-quite erect penis into my hands. In an opposite motion, I rubbed him until he was fully erect. Then I kept rubbing, while the lather grew and grew. His hands had stopped on my shoulders and he once again closed his eyes. When he came, it was a beautiful sight.
