 Paper Clips

I'm soooo bored, my name is Kimberly and I'm the receptionist at P!nK's office in Grand Rapids, Michigan. On a normal day I'm pretty busy but today has started out very slow, so I've filed all the papers, and my nails. I typed some memos and sent some emails and texted some of my friends. Today we've had two visitors. The important one was Elliot Reed, he arrived second and had been in with Dalton West, the owner of P!nK, for the past few hours.

Looking down the hall I could see Pheng, coming towards my desk. He's about 5'5" and probably weighs 150 lbs. He's from some Asian country, he's told me about it a few times but I never can remember the name of it. Of course that's usually because I'm not paying attention to him. For the most part he frustrates me.

It's so obvious that he's got a crush on me. He'll stop by my desk 3 or 4 times a day, he'll bring me coffee from Starbucks if he goes and anything I ask for he'll get at the drop of that hat. I know he really wants to ask me out but he's just not my type. My boyfriend is an Army Ranger and I'm 5'7" without heels for crying out loud and I don't date guys shorter than me, but he's not even asking. Now I bet he'd love to be seen with me since I am a very attractive blonde with great skin and a killer smile, but now I'm off track...

Yep here he is...

"Morning Kimmy" Oh how I hate to be called Kimmy. Kim or Kimberly is fine. NOT Kimmy.

"Morning Phengie!" I throw back with a forced smile, "whatcha need?"

He seems to ignore my question and goes on, "so what are you doing this weekend?"

I really want to roll my eyes, "I have plans with friends."

"Oh, cool. Wow I really like your dress," I glance down at what I'm wearing. Yeah, I'm sure he does like the white sundress I'm wearing. The top is a halter. My boobs aren't huge but they fill the front out well enough and since I'm 21 they're very perky. I've caught him more than once staring at them.

"Thanks," I reply and look up to catch him checking out my legs. My shoes are just some white open toes heels. The hot pink nail polish on my fingers matches my toes as I'm sure Pheng has noticed.

I decided to play a bit and cross my legs letting him check out my thighs. Almost immediately I uncross and recross them. He was blatantly staring now.

"Sooo, Kimmy, would you like to go get a drink after work or something," he asked as in my head I reply I might have said yes if you hadn't called me Kimmy, if you were my boyfriend and / or you were a foot taller...

But instead I just say, "no thanks Pheng, I have plans tonight and can't."

"Ok, well maybe we could.." *WHAM* I see him knock my container of paper clips to the floor.

"Oh hell no Pheng, I am NOT picking all those up, you'll have to get them," he just kinda looked at me with this stunned expression on his face. "C'mon, get going, pick them ALL up. Every last one," I motioned for him to move.

Pheng knelt down and picked up the container and it's lid. He put the lid back on and started to put the paper clips in the box. I looked up and saw one of our vendors approaching the door. I uncrossed my legs just as Pheng turned his head. FUCK! My panties... Then it hit me, like someone punching me in the stomach. He just got a clear shot up my skirt and I'm not wearing any panties.

He was now on his hands and knees right in front of my desk so I just moved forward pushing him under. I felt him hit the back of my desk as Calvin walked through the doors. "Hello Mr. Bobbit."

"Hello Kimberly, is Beverly available?" he said with a smile.

"Yes sir, I'll let her know you're here," I replied.

"Thanks Kimberly, I appreciate it," he said with a smile as I punched in Beverly's number and told her he was here. I hung up.

I figured Pheng wasn't going to cause a ruckus or even make a sound with the view he probably had. I had to come off as professional, Calvin was a great vendor and I thought he was HOT. I rolled my back a bit, giving him a bit more room.

I realized sitting in my seat with no underwear with a guy sitting under my desk staring at my bare crotch was really turning me on.

Beverly walked up and greeted Calvin. I had assumed she would take him back to her office but they just stood there and talked.

I just knew Pheng was staring up my skirt. Then I felt his hand on my ankle. Then his other hand on my calf. He was softly massaging my leg. I felt him shuffle a bit. I looked up, but no one seemed to notice. Both his hands were now on my calves massaging my legs. It felt good. After a few minutes of that, he slid his hand up to my knees, slowly and gently he pushed them apart.

I could feel myself getting wetter. Then I felt something strange, something soft and warm on my knee. His hands were caressing my legs. It then hit me, he was kissing and licking my leg near my knee. I could feel Pheng kissing and licking my leg but his hands moved to the outside of my thighs and they started pushing up. He was trying to lift my skirt. I am not sure what came over me, but I tried to discreetly lift my ass off the chair to help him a little. When I felt it get to my ass I sat back down. The entire time I was watching Calvin and Beverly stand in the lobby not 12 feet away talking about different types of papers and inks for some project he was starting.

Pheng's hands were all over my legs at this point and I could feel his head between my thighs and his lips were licking and sucking my skin. I made a decision and said fuck it. I spread my legs wider and slid forward on my chair so just my ass was still on the seat and I pressed my tummy into the desk.

I heard him inhale deeply. His hands slid down my legs to my calves. Then I could feel him exhale, gently blowing directly onto my pussy. I realized his face was just inches from my sex. I inhaled, and I could smell my arousal so I knew that's probably ALL he could smell.

Then he gently ran his tongue from the bottom of my pussy all the way to the top. I could feel him slide between my now very moist lips. Then again I felt it. The third time he stopped at the top and wiggled his tongue against my clit. I was trying to breathe normal but I'm pretty sure I gasped when he did that. I also could feel my nipples harden.

Again he licked me. I could plainly feel his breath on me. Then I felt him bury his face right in my cunt, just slowly lapping away at my sex. I gripped the edge of my desk with my fingers. I was determined not to give away what was happening.

Beverly and Calvin started towards her office. Beverly and Calvin walked right past my desk; I just looked forward and stared out the window. They were so wrapped up in their conversation neither said anything to me nor did they seem to notice anything about my behavior. I grabbed a notepad of paper and a pen and tried to write something just to look busy. 

I could feel his tongue on my clit, just flicking it gently. Then I felt his finger start to slide into me. I was getting close. Pheng's left arm was across the top of my right leg and his hand was spreading my lips. His tongue was still working my clit over and his right and was between my legs with at least 2 fingers up my cunt just sawing in and out. Fuck I was getting so close. I could feel the warmth in my belly. The tingling deep in my womb started.

He stopped tonguing my clit and gently nibbled on my inner thigh. I could feel the side of his face against my pussy, OMG this was going to be a big one...

"Hey Kim, what's up? Hey are you ok you look a little flushed..?" I turned my head, I knew the voice was Kelly's but I couldn't focus on her. I was just about to peak. Pheng's tongue went right back to my clit. He was lapping like a mad man. He knew I was close. I could feel his left hand shift a bit. "Kim? You alright?" Pheng bit my inner thigh.

I opened my mouth to say something... *BuZzZzZz* "OH FUCK" was all *BuZzZzZz* that came out. *BuZzZzZz* I peaked. It hit me *BuZzZzZz* like an explosion. Pheng has placed *BuZzZzZz* the corner of his phone against my clit and it was buzzing like crazy sending me into the stratosphere. *SNAP* the pen broke in my hand I was pushing so hard into the paper. I was just gushing into Pheng's mouth. I looked back up at Kelly, she was just standing at the edge of my desk with her mouth open and her eyes wide. Pheng was now licking, kissing and nibbling again on both my inner thighs.

"Holy Shit Kimberly, did you just orgasm? That looked incredible," she blurted out.

I started to open my mouth and *BuZzZzZz* again is started. I *BuZzZzZz* couldn't control myself. My back arched *BuZzZzZz* and I groaned very *BuZzZzZz* loud. I was shaking with aftershocks *BuZzZzZz* from probably the most intense orgasm I'd ever had. 

"Holy shit that was HOT!" Kelly whispered.

Before I could say anything to Kelly, Dalton and Elliot walked in the lobby. "Hey Kelly, you ready? We're starving. Hello Kimberly." I just attempted a wave as they turned to leave. Kelly looked back and winked with a smile. Just as I caught my breath Dalton West walked back in and started to round the corner towards his office. Alexis met him there and they stood there talking. I could feel Pheng placing soft little kisses on my nether lips and on my clit. He slowly pulled his finger from my still twitching opening. I could then feel his tongue licking me clean. He pulled back a bit and then swiped his tongue across my clit. I was so sensitive and wasn't ready for that. I jumped in my seat and he hit his head.

*THUMP* Dalton and Alexis both stopped talking and turn to look at me. I smiled and said "Sorry, hit my funny bone." They went back to talking and I could feel Pheng between my legs breathing. I could faintly hear him inhaling and knew the only thing he must be able to smell is my sex. Dalton turned and headed for the door and Alexis headed back to her office. As soon as it was clear I pushed off and slid my chair back. Pheng scrambled off the floor and looked around while wiping his soaked face.

I adjusted my skirt and pulled it down with my clean hand. I looked up at him and he just smiled and headed back to his work area. I moved back up to my desk and threw away the ink covered notepad and the broken pen then headed to the bathroom to wash the ink off my hand.