 [This is the true story of a secret affair I had with my first real boss. This is our first encounter but i have more to tell if it goes well. By far one of the most erotic times of my life]

***

My first job out of college was doing lab work for a vet clinic. I was 23 years old. On the day of my interview I met with my prospective boss, Michelle, a pretty woman in her mid 30's with dark hair and glasses. She was a bit on the thicker side but she wore it well on her tall frame. She told me she still had several applicants to sift through, but she wound up calling to offer me the position the very next day. I excitedly accepted and started training that week. 

A year later, I am established in my position and have taken on a full workload. I am the only guy working in the clinic, as well as the only single person, and I get along well with most of my coworkers. A few think I'm too much of a smart ass but it doesn't cause any real problems. I love my job and the thought of my workplace relationships becoming anything more never crosses my mind. 

One night, that all changes. I come home after a rough Saturday night at work and pour myself a stiff drink before sitting down to relax for the night. Michelle had been off that day, but she and I had been in contact back and forth all day so I could update her on the complications we were running into. Around 1030 she texts me to ask if I got out on time. I tell her I did. She thanks me for taking care of things and that she will see me next week.

About 20 minutes later, I get another text from her: "I'm so frustrated! I just wish I had a friend that would sleep with me and not get weird and clingy about it."

This is immediately followed by, "Shit! Shit! Shit! I meant to send that to my girlfriends. I am SO sorry!"

I tell her not to worry. Its nothing shocking to me, my friends say the same things and worse, etc. Instead of changing the subject, however, she begins to tell me more. How her live in boyfriend is on disability and more interested in his pain pills than her, and how she is only with him because of their son together. How she wants some adventure and excitement in her sex life again. 

I ask: "You really don't have anyone who will take you up on that? Most guys would be all over it."

She replies: "Well the one i want is sort of off limits..."

The thought that she could be talking about me crosses my mind, but i quickly brush it away. She has a boyfriend and a kid, and shes almost 15 years older than I am. There's no way she was talking about me. So i ask her why the guy she wants is off limits.

She responds, "Well, I'm sort of his boss. I could lose everything If I got caught sexually harassing one of my employees. Plus hes way younger and in way better shape than I am. I don't think he would ever go for someone like me, so I can't ask him outright."

I begin trembling as I read her message to me and i drop my phone on the floor while i try to collect my thoughts. It's been a year since I have been with anyone and she has caught me completely off guard. I have always had a thing for both larger and older women, but I had never considered that she would be someone who would want me. My mind is overrun with new thoughts of her as a sexual partner and I feel my heart beating hard in my chest. 

I pick up my phone with shaking hands and reply: "I think he might be into you too"

That brakes the ice. She tells me about how she has been fantasizing about me since the day she interviewed me (but assures me that's not why she hired me), and how its happening more and more as she's gotten to know me. She says she knows that there is no chance of us becoming a serious relationship given where we are in our lives, and that just means we can have fun without feeling guilty. I admit that I hadn't thought about her in that sort of way before tonight because on top of being my boss and several years older, she seemed to be settled down. But now i can't wait to see her again. We leave it at that and agreed to meet up after work next week, but we have to be discreet so that no one at work finds out. We had a very close knit clinic and had to be very careful not to make anyone suspicious.

The last text she sends me before saying goodnight reads, "By the way, I sent you that first message on purpose."

On Monday, Michelle comes back to my work station to say hello. She has a big grin on her face and i try to return it without seeming awkward. Nobody else is around at the moment, but we still have to be quick. I stand still as she comes in close, presses herself against me, and tilts her head back to kiss me. We kiss open mouthed at first, then she slides her tongue into my mouth and runs her hand up the front of my scrubs to feel me hardening. I hold the back of her head with one hand and squeeze the flesh of her rear with the other. This only lasts a few seconds, then we uncouple and feign a casual conversation for anyone who may have come near. She leaves me to my work but tells me to keep my phone on. Later in the day, she messages me the address of a local hotel and tells me she has reserved a room for us there. She leaves early that afternoon and tells me i can cut out early if I want since i worked the weekend. I take the hint and go. 

I stop at a drug store after leaving work to pick up protection and arrive at the hotel half an hour after Michelle. She is already there and calls to tell me which room is ours. First floor, left hallway, second room from the end. 

I knock on the door and she answers. She has put on a full face of makeup and taken off her scrub top, leaving her in just scrub pants and a tank top. She has pulled the comforter on the bed back so the clean sheets are ready and waiting for us. She follows as I walk in and put my stuff down on the table, then turn and pull her against me. We move toward the bed and kiss deeply as we begin to undress each other. At first she resists taking her tank top off, self conscious of her chubby belly with its stretch marks and baby weight that was never lost. I tell her that i want to see and feel hew whole body, and take it off myself. We continue pulling at draw strings and bra straps that seem cruelly stubborn at the moment until we are standing against each other, naked bodies pressed together. Her hand runs along my hard trembling shaft as she backs me toward the bed, and i run by fingers along her breasts and stomach. The "flaws" of her body that she was concerned would drive me away instead give her body a beautiful uniqueness that lights some animal instinct in me. At that moment, I want to be inside that beautiful body more than anything else in the world . 

I tell her I need to go get a condom, but instead of stepping aside, she pushes her whole body weight against me. I am taller and stronger than she is, but the mattress hits directly behind my knees and i fall down flat on my back with her on top of me

"Well you're the boss" I say as i readjust on the bed. 

"I'm the boss" She replies as she moves to straddle my abdomen.

There is no foreplay. No oral. No real hand play. Not this first time. She doesn't need it. I can feel the trail of sticky wetness she leaves from by belly button down past the V of my hips as she moves her body along mine, then squishing it against me with her belly as she positions herself. It feels like she is marking me as hers. I watch her body move and contort as she mounts me, feeling her fingers reach down to line me up with her wet, waiting hole, then collapsing against me, both gasping as she plunges my penis as deep into her body as she can in one hard twist of her hips

She places her hands on my shoulders and rolls her head back as she thrusts me into her again and again. I watch her face as her eyes roll back. I can angle my face to suck on her breasts occasionally. I look down and see past her stomach to watch her lips engulf me, everything past the hips becoming sticky and wet with her excitement. 

Neither of us last long that first time. After a few minutes I tell her she needs to slow down or shes going to make me cum. Instead she closes her eyes, lays her whole body down against mine, and begins to hump me as hard as she can.

"Cum. I want you to cum in me," she grunts into my ear. I lose my mind hearing her words. Every sense is heightened as I orgasm. I feel our sticky, sweaty bodies sliding against each other. I feel her hair against my face and chest. I feel her pussy sliding wetly up and down my penis while her wet curly hair gently scrapes around me. I feel her begin to squeeze and contract around my shaft. All this in the instant before my body seizes up, every muscle contracting as i explode deep into her body. She presses her hips down, forcing me as deep inside her as she can as I pump her full of my cum, moaning and squeezing me as her legs begin to spasm and shake. 

Afterward she climbs off, leaving me laying there covered in her cum from my hips down to the upper part of my thighs, penis smeared with the white residue she left behind. I am shocked when she moves down my body and licks by softening erection clean. After cleaning up more we lay in bed talking for several minutes, laughing at our situation and talking about work. But soon, she puts her hand down beneath the sheets and begins stroking me. I am still recovering a bit, but not fast enough. She leans under the covers and takes me into her mouth. We have the room all evening, and she is ready for round two. After sucking me for a minute or two so am I. 

I would go on to give myself to her several times a week for almost a year. We had to get creative and adventurous at times, but it made.