 Note: Although I don't consider this one of my tip-top efforts, it's a story that's been bugging me and causing my writer's block. It's in a much lighter, simpler style, a big contrast to my last upload. Hope you enjoy!

*****

"Lie on the floor and bring your knee up. Now twist your torso back—gently now—and let the back of your hand rest on the floor. Look up at the ceiling, close your eyes if you want to, and think about the fact that you are here. Lying on the floor, you are as close to the earth as it is possible to be indoors. Feel the energy of the planet rising up into you. Imagine your own energy reaching down, giving some of yourself back to the planet that nurtures us."

Lara relaxed into the solid wooden planks of the floor, cushioned lightly by the half-inch-thick layer of foam beneath her. She rarely closed her eyes during this pose, preferring to contemplate the swirling blue-blacks of the hand-painted sky on the ceiling. It was speckled with gold stars and hazy celestial clouds. After several months at that studio she had noticed there were subtle gears painted into the background, as if the artist were trying to communicate that the universe was contained in some colossal machine. Every time she studied it she saw some new detail, and she suspected the artist continually added to it over time.

The artist himself could be heard padding quietly around the studio, making small adjustments and suggestions to his students. He reached Lara, made a slight pushing movement on her hips, and shifted them into better alignment. She gave a little sigh as some tension she hadn't been aware of disappeared. For a moment, the instructor's face appeared above hers and they shared a smile before he moved on to the next person.

The face was a nice one. Slightly lined, but still very youthful, it held bright blue eyes and a dimple in the right cheek. It was a face Lara had come to know extremely well. It was the face of Jay, her yoga teacher of nearly eight years. She'd met him back in high school, when she'd signed up for his class at the community college to help stretch out her muscles from swimming. Every Monday and Friday afternoon she had biked across town and twisted her body into a pretzel for an hour or so. She'd been hooked ever since.

That was before Jay had gotten his own studio, when he was just starting out as a fresh-faced 22-year old college graduate, hoping to change the world by focusing the minds and bodies of his students. Lara had moved away for college, and during that time Jay had traveled and studied and worked hard to save up enough money to open his own studio. When Lara returned with a degree in English literature, a teaching credential, and a position at her own former high school, she had been disappointed not to see Jay's name on the community college schedule.

So she'd looked for a yoga studio that seemed friendly, and she had found Jay. He even remembered her, and she was thrilled to have found him again. Now at thirty, he seemed to be very much in his element as master of his own studio.

"Wonderful. Now slowly untwist yourself and lie flat on your back. Think calming thoughts. Cover yourself with your blanket if you get cold, and just relax. This time is for you, to refresh yourself after a long day. You deserve this time."

Jay's affirmations were never cheesy or fake. Like a minister, he often prepared a little each week with some theme in mind. He might read them a few quotes or ask them a question to ponder during the meditation. But just as often he spoke simply, from the heart. He always emphasized their health—physical and mental—and wholeness as human beings. It was touching. He was open with everyone about who he was inside, frank with his feelings, sensitive. He shared personal stories as if they were his friends—and really, those in his regular classes had frequently become friends. Lara loved him for it, like an older brother or uncle. Over the years, they had gotten to know each other well, developed a relationship as comfortable as a worn-in shoe.

"Lara, dear, it's always a pleasure," Jay said as Lara laced up her shoes after class.

"Likewise. Great session, as always."

"Glad you enjoyed it."

"Are we still on for Saturday morning?"

"I cleared my schedule for it."

"Fantastic. I have to run, but I'll see you then." Lara gave Jay a hug and dashed out of the studio.

Once a month or so, she scheduled a private session with Jay at his house out in the rural part of the county. It was a big property he'd inherited from his grandparents—grasslands, redwoods, horse stables, the whole shebang. If the weather was good, Jay would pick a good spot outside and they would hike or ride to it. If it was cold or rainy they'd stay in, using his private glass-walled yoga studio.

Lara would never have thought to ask, but Jay had suggested it once to his class. If any of his students were craving longer sessions, he would open his property up to small groups or singletons to get a more intense session. It cost about the same as a month of regular sessions, but to Lara it was worth it. Over time, Jay had waved away her offers of payment and she had started making post-workout meals for them to share instead.

It had turned into as much a therapy session as a yoga practice sometimes. Jay had counseled Lara through a series of bad relationships, never flinching even at personal topics. Occasionally he'd talk about himself, though the conversation rarely turned to his own love life—or, more usually, the lack thereof. Lara never understood why Jay didn't have many girlfriends, but she didn't pry. He didn't seem to be very comfortable talking about it.

Saturday morning was bright and cool as Lara drove out into the country to Jay's property. He'd left the gate open for her, as usual. She eased her sedan down the long driveway and found Jay on his porch with a teapot and two cups. He rose to give her a hug when she got out of the car. Warmth flooded her body, but she didn't analyze it. It was the comfort of seeing a friend.

"Would you like some tea before we go up?"

"Sure, thank you. How was your week?"

"Pretty relaxing. Hard not to be, when you do what I do."

"Good point. Do you ever get stressed?"

"Not really. Life is too short to worry. I just try to take care of myself—and others, of course. How was the rest of your week?"

"All right. Couple of kids were out sick most of it, so it was a quieter week than usual. I don't wish illness on anyone, of course, but sometimes the break is nice."

"Mmhmm," Jay intoned, sipping his tea. Lara looked down into her cup. He was watching her with those eyes, the gaze that seemed to reach deeply into her. It had never bothered her before. She had always felt that Jay's supreme attention to each of his students was part of what made him a good teacher. But now she wondered, just briefly, if there had been something she missed. She pushed her thoughts aside with a shake of her head. It was just...Jay's way.

At last they finished their tea and Jay led her around to the back of the house and on a short hike up the hill behind it. It wasn't somewhere she had been before, and immediately she wondered why. It was a fairly shady spot surrounded by tall redwoods, carpeted with soft grass. Across the clearing from the path was a wide gap in the trees through which a wide swath of bright blue sky and a slice of sparkling ocean shone. The fog had burned off, but it was still cool and quiet; only the light breeze rustling the trees and the chittering of birds disturbed the silence.

"Wow, it's beautiful up here," Lara said.

"It's my favorite spot," Jay replied, giving her a little wink. He crossed the clearing, taking up an easy, open stance across from her. "You ready to start? We'll go through a few simple asanas and then we can get to the good stuff."

They worked slowly, stretching into each position and holding it as they took deep breaths. Occasionally Jay would gracefully ease out of his own position and come to adjust Lara's form. His hands were light on her skin and she felt little tingles as his fingertips displaced the soft hairs on her forearms. She fought not to blush; it was Jay. She didn't need to be uncomfortable.

The sun climbed higher in the sky, and with it the temperature unexpectedly skyrocketed. Jay's shirt was getting damp with sweat and sticking to the flat plane of his chest. He guided Lara into a more relaxed standing posture and then pulled his shirt over his head. The motion caught Lara's attention and she watched him for a moment, feeling simultaneously interested and embarrassed. In the eight years she had trained with him, she had never actually seen him shirtless. He kept his studio at a comfortable temperature and even when he did sweat he had never removed his shirt there.

She couldn't help noticing that he was very fit, which wasn't a surprise. His muscles were long and lean, and moved fluidly under his skin as he tossed the shirt aside and assumed another pose. A light sheen of sweat shone on his skin and all of a sudden Lara realized she must have been staring. She twisted her body to mirror his, feeling very embarrassed, and caught Jay giving her a little smile. Perhaps she really had missed something.

The next few poses made it impossible for Lara to see him, except for quick glimpses she took to be sure she was following him properly. But then he brought them into another standing pose and she couldn't keep herself from running her eyes over him once more. Even as she tried to turn her head, she followed a drop of sweat as it rolled down his chest, his stomach, down...down...

She looked away, her gaze falling on his calf as it contracted to support his waist as he raised his torso up further. Lara moved her eyes up over his thighs to the shadowed area between his legs. She felt herself blushing this time. It was so unlike her to be acting this way, especially with Jay. He had taught her, talked to her, cared for just like an older brother or cousin. Sure, she had noticed that he was attractive, but just in the way that you did. Why was she having these thoughts now?

"Let's take a break, okay?" he asked, startling her.

"Break?"

"You're looking flushed. Are you feeling hot? It got warm all of a sudden up here."

"Hot...yeah. I am feeling pretty warm," she said. It was true.

"So, let's take a little break. It's about that time anyway."

"Sure, yeah. Listen, if it's all right with you I think I'd like to take my shirt off, too. It's not breathable enough for this kind of heat."

"Whatever makes you comfortable," he said with a smile. Lara lifted her shirt over her head, suddenly not sure whether she was glad or disappointed that she'd worn the sports bra that covered the most. It did leave bare her stomach and a hint of cleavage. She thought Jay might have looked, but only very briefly. Not long enough to be sure. They lounged back on the grass, taking long drinks from the bottles of water they had brought with them.

This time they didn't talk. They simply enjoyed the midday silence. Finally they resumed their session, working up a good sweat before lying back and watching the wispy clouds floating across the sky.

"How are you feeling, Lara?"

"Worn out, but in a good way."

"I notice you're not talking much today. Is anything bothering you?"

"No, not really. I was wondering if I could ask you, you know, a kind of a personal question?"

"More boy trouble?" he teased.

"Not in the way you mean. It's personal, I mean, about you."

"Oh. Well, all right." He turned to her, looking curious.

"I was just wondering, you know, in the time I've known you I don't think I've known you to have a girlfriend. And it just seems like you're, you know, you're a catch. So I was just wondering..."

"Ah," he said, rolling onto his back again and gazing up at the treetops. "That's not really an easy question to answer. There have been women, now and again. I'm not celibate or gay, if that's what you're asking. I guess the problem is that I've never really been interested in casual relationships. I like to fall in love, to connect with someone on a spiritual level. It's hard to find someone who I think would mesh with my life just right. And lately I don't really meet many women aside from those in my classes, and I prefer not to date my students for the most part."

"Oh. Well, of course," Lara said, feeling strangely disappointed by this.

"That's not to say there isn't, once in a while, a woman that makes me wish I could...Anyway, ah, what do you say we go back down and out of this heat? We should probably hydrate some more, and I think I have some iced tea in the fridge."

"Okay, sure."

They stood, picked up their shirts and water bottles, and ambled back down the little hill to Jay's house. Stepping out of their shoes, they wandered inside barefoot. He led her into his kitchen, where he poured them tall glasses of ice-cold green tea. They sipped in silence, Lara unwillingly noticing the muscles in Jay's chest and arm bunch and relax as he lifted the glass to his lips. He caught her looking and gave her a slow smile.

"Lara, are you sure there isn't anything else you'd like to talk about?"

She thought about this. They had talked about so many things in the past, and she had always felt able to be frank with him no matter what the topic was. It shouldn't be so much more difficult to tell him that she found him attractive, but she was afraid of his rejection, however soft and polite it would be. But with his gaze on hers, so open and welcoming, it was hard to be afraid.

"There is something else on my mind, but I'm only recently coming around to realizing it. So I suppose it's too soon to say."

"I often find that when I'm confused about something, talking it out helps."

"Who do you go to when you need to talk, Jay?"

"My brother, usually. In fact I talked to him just the other night about a problem I was having. He reminded me of the guiding principles our parents taught us. Life is short, brush your teeth, never miss an opportunity to tell someone that you love them."

"Which, um, which piece of advice did you need?" Jay set his glass down on the counter and met her eyes again.

"When you moved back to town, Lara, I was pleased to see what a confident young woman you had become. You had discovered your calling in life and pursued it, and you do it so beautifully. I told you earlier that I prefer not to date women in my classes, but that every once in a while a special woman comes along that tempts me to change my mind. It always passes. But not this time. The more I get to know you, the more I think we're kindred spirits."

"Jay, what exactly are you saying?"

"I'm saying that I'd like to take you to bed," he said, completely unashamed. "And I think you'd like that, too."

"Um, wow. I mean, you're not wrong. That's just very...direct."

"I don't believe in beating around the bush." He held out his hand to her, contentment and anticipation both radiating from him. She took it and let him lead her down the hallway to the rest of his house, which she had never seen. A little voice in her head was telling her that she should be nervous—this man was going to see her naked and she hadn't even prepared herself for it. But she shook off the self-doubt. He wanted her.

When he opened the door to his bedroom, Lara couldn't contain her gasp of amazement. The walls weren't the same soft white of the rest of the house. One wall held a forest of tree trunks, another the sparkling, swirling blue and white of ocean waves. Her eyes travelled up to the ceiling and there she saw a broad, blue expanse. Clouds twirled with stars, planets, gears, winged creatures, and immaculately wrought flowers. Gentle hands were guiding her head back down and she saw Jay's eyes, blue and every bit as full of stars.

He leaned in slowly and she had long seconds to anticipate his touch before his lips met hers. It was a soft kiss, full of longing. Their tongues met and Lara felt a thrill run through her. It felt just right, here with Jay.

"How about a shower first?" he murmured against her lips. When Lara gave a little nod, he gave her hand a brief squeeze and led her into the bathroom. It was just as serene here as in the bedroom, the bold paint giving way to streaks of lighter colors. All the usual fixtures were there, but instead of a shower there was only what looked to be an antique clawfoot tub. Jay led her on, through a narrow glass pocket door and onto a patio paved with light stones that felt pleasantly warm beneath her feet.

To the right was a beautiful grey stone wall, upon which was mounted two wide shower heads tilted toward each other. The walls of the house were masked with dozens of lush green plants—Japanese maple, bamboo, ferns—giving Lara the feeling that she had stepped into another world. More of Jay's property could be seen between the leaves of plants on the far side of the patio, but just barely. Beside the pocket door was a little bench that held two folded towels. Jay glanced back at her, cocking his head a little to the side as if to ask her opinion.

"Oh, Jay," she said in an awed voice, "it's really beautiful. Did you do all this yourself?"

"The flagstone patio was here when I inherited the place, but I added the plants and the shower. Indoor showers feel so confining to me. I don't mind a long soak in a tub, especially in the winter, but when it comes to showers, it's just so freeing to do it outdoors."

"I wouldn't know," Lara murmured. "I've never been outside in less than a bathing suit."

Jay's smile grew wider. "You'll love it." His smile dimmed as he stepped closer to her again, his fingers brushing against the clasps of her sports bra, which ran in a line of six down between her breasts. "May I?"

Lara suddenly found she couldn't speak, so she settled for swallowing and nodding. Jay undid the first clasp, and then the second, leaning in to run his lips from her collarbone up to the sensitive spot just behind her ear.

"You smell delicious."

"I smell like sweat," Lara protested.

"I repeat...you smell delicious."

This made her blush and she wasn't sure why. Jay's eyes were on her breasts as the third and fourth clasps came undone, exposing her cleavage. His motion slowed on the final two clasps, and it was like he held his breath and let it out on a soft sigh as her breasts at last bounced into view. He slid the bra from her shoulders and immediately brought his hands up to cup her breasts, brushing his thumbs over her rapidly hardening nipples. Almost reluctantly he dropped his hands to the waistband of her yoga pants. He drew them down her legs, and as Lara stepped out of them she was painfully aware of the bareness of every inch of her skin in the open air.

"You love it already, don't you?" Jay teased.

"I'll get used to it," she replied with a smile. "Well?" she asked, noticing Jay's eyes sweeping up and down her form.

"You're even more beautiful than I imagined you would be."

"You've pictured me naked?"

"Many times." He grinned again to soften the comment and Lara was struck by how boyish he looked in that moment. Not quite his usual serene appearance. He bent over to remove his own shorts and stood tall, giving Lara a moment to see him before he strode over to turn the shower on. Once again she had been left speechless. The lean, powerful muscles she had seen in his calves, arms, and chest continued beneath the clothing to firm thighs and a tight ass. And the rest of what had lain hidden beneath his shorts had her fighting not to whimper. Nicely trimmed dark brown hairs surrounded a well-shaped and perfectly sized cock that was already more than half hard. She felt a rush of arousal and knew she was already wet.

The showerheads burst into life, soaking the warm flagstones and creating a very light steam for a moment. Jay waited a moment, then tested it with his fingers and adjusted the control. He stepped beneath the spray, slicked his hair back from his face, and beckoned to Lara. She wished she had a camera, because the sight of Jay's lean body in the sunshine, rivulets of water running down his chest, made her knees weak. But even more than a camera, right then she wanted his hands on her.
