 Elle was frustrated with her painting; no matter how hard she tried she couldn't make it look exactly like the still-life set up in the middle of the classroom. Honestly art just wasn't really her thing. But everyone at the college had to take at least one art course no matter what their major and she had chosen painting. 

She had stayed late today with a plan to really buckle down and finally get this painting right. So far, not so good. She was tired and tense and frustrated and the painting looked just as stiff and wooden as ever. 

She wasn't alone in the art room today. Another student from her class, a boy named Skye, was there as well. Actually he stayed late after every class. Not to fix his awful paintings like Elle, but because he loved painting, it was his thing. He was really good, too. His still-lifes didn't just look like the things they were supposed to, they were graceful and poetic. Elle couldn't figure it out.

She put down her paintbrush and sighed in frustration, pushing her hair off her forehead.

"Having trouble?" Skye asked, looking over at her from behind his easel.

"Can you tell," she replied, sarcastically. "I just can't seem to get it right. No matter how hard I try something is always off. I might just start over again."

She sat down on a chair and stared morosely up at her painting. 

Skye came around and stood behind her chair, looking at the painting. "It looks stiff," he said. Elle nodded her agreement. "I think you're trying too hard. You're like, all wound up, trying to control this thing. You have to let go and let the painting work with you."

Elle snorted and shook her head. This was exactly the kind of artsy bullshit she hated.

"Ok here, stand up and lean on me," he said, moving to stand behind her. "No I'm serious, lean on me, relax your shoulders and try to open up. Feel your chest just open up and let out all the emotions that are bottled up in there. "

Elle shook her head, what nonsense. But seriously she needed the help. Elle tried to relax. She closed her eyes and leaned back against his chest. She tried to concentrate on the emotions in her chest but all she could think about was the feel of him, pressed up against her. He was so warm and his strong arms brushed against hers, holding her up. She was trying to figure out what he smelled like, like a warm bed but not so innocent.

"Ok," he murmured, right by her ear. "Now feel your chest just open up and let all the emotions out, concentrate on them."

And for just a moment she could almost feel it. It wasn't a powerful rush of emotions but it was something, something beautiful and delicate, unfurling from her chest where it had been tightly curled up for her whole life. She sighed, relieved and amazed that the exercise had worked.

"Now," he breathed, watching her peaceful face, "What did it look like? Don't tell me! Paint it" and he released her back onto her own feet. Without thinking about it at all Elle picked up a clean brush and mixed a lemon yellow with the tiniest bit of warm red, softening it, and began to paint on a new canvas. 

She painted a delicate golden ribbon, curling and wafting over the blank canvas. She tried to think about what she had felt like and translate that into an image. She worked silently for a long time, carefully drawing out her feelings on the page. 

When she felt like she was finished with the golden shape she looked at the picture and decided that what it needed was blue. She cleaned her brush and started painting blue. She painted for a long time, quietly concentrating but in a state of calm reverence. She wasn't worried about it tuning out right because there was no right or wrong in this painting. After a while Skye went back to his own easel and Elle gave him a grateful smile. 

Eventually Elle realized that it was getting dark outside. She put down her brush and flexed her cramped fingers. They had been working for hours. She took a step back and looked at the painting. It was certainly different from her other work. It was playful and full of color but at the same time very graceful and refined. Skye came over to see and stood looking with her. "Wow," he said. "Who knew all that was locked away in here." And he gently placed one hand on her chest, between her breasts. 

Elle's heartbeat quickened at his touch. She placed her hand on top of his and looked into his eyes. "Thank you," she said with complete sincerity. "You have no idea how much you helped me."

He grinned at her. "I knew you had it in you. You just need to loosen up! You know..." he said, taking a step towards Elle, invading her personal space. "Despite our little therapy session you still look a little wound up to me." 

"I do?" she asked in mock surprise. Her heart was pounding and she felt her skin flush. Skye must surely be able to feel it with his hand still pressed to her chest. 

He took another step and brought his other hand up to cup her face. "You know what I find to be very relaxing?" he asked, stepping still closer.

"Meditation?" she asked, still trying to turn this into a joke even though she knew what was coming, craved what was coming. 

Skye grinned and shook his head right before he kissed her. His soft lips caressed hers and she inhaled the scent oh him. His smell made her feel like she had just woken up in bed next to him. As his tongue darted into Elle's mouth, he snaked an arm around her waist and she relaxed into him. 

Elle kissed him back, and slowly, carefully she explored his body with her fingertips. Under his soft flannel shirt the muscles of his chest were warm and taut, barely yielding to her caress. She felt the rippling muscles in his arms as he shifted to hold her better. She brushed her fingertips across the stubble on his strong jaw.

And the whole time all Elle could think about was painting. She wanted to paint him; but not the way he looked, just the way he felt and the way he made her feel. The hot rush of blood to her clit was like a red swell with purple edges his warm breath on her cheek a pink wash.

Elle felt drunk with this newfound release of emotions and she just wanted more. She wanted to experience more feelings with Skye and watch as they bloomed as colors, textures and patterns behind her own eyes. 

She snaked her fingers into his hair and pulled gently, kissing him hard and biting his bottom lip. Skye growled against Elle's mouth and grabbed her hips, pushing her back onto the big wooden table behind them. She lay back on the varnished wood, covered in hundreds of gobs, spatters and smears of dried paint, accumulated over countless years. 

Elle tousled his hair as Skye broke their kiss to bite her earlobe, her neck her collarbone. She sucked in gasps of cool air and thought about ice blue swirls of paint. His hands were everywhere, touching her in a hot fury, squeezing her breast and pushing up her skirt. Now who needed to relax?

Elle sat up and grabbed hold of Skye's searching hands. She gave him a slow, languid smile to show she wasn't angry. He was breathing hard, his breath coming in huffs against her neck from his wet, open mouth. Elle kissed him slowly on the mouth, keeping hold of his hands. She tasted him thoroughly, feeling the textures of his lips and tongue. He groaned and kissed her back, pressing himself between her legs so she could feel how much he wanted her.

Elle released his hands and traced her fingers down his neck, following them with her lips. She inhaled his scent, tracing the tip of her nose down the line of his neck to his shirt collar. Skye encircled her gently with his arms and stroked up and down her back, his head bent forward beside hers, enjoying the attention.

Resting her forehead in the crook of his neck, Elle ran her palms down his chest, feeling the ripples of muscle beneath his shirt until she reached the top of his jeans. She wriggled two fingers inside and deftly undid the button. No going back now, she thought. Skye sighed and bit her ear, sending hot yellow needles of excitement through her brain.

Elle leaned back so he could kiss her lips as she slowly, slowly unzipped his pants. She could feel his hot, hard member pulsing through the cotton of his boxers as Elle undid the zipper. Skye shuddered when she touched it with her fingertips and he tightened his grip on her hips. She could feel the slick wetness between her own legs now and she longed to be touched there.

As she lightly ran her fist up and down Skye's erection he carefully laid her down on the table again. He unbuttoned her blouse, kissing her skin as more and more of it was exposed to his lips. When her shirt fell open he ran his hand down the unbroken strip of smooth white skin, making her shiver. He nudged her shirt aside with his nose as his eager lips sought her nipples, taut little peaks just aching for him.

When he caught the first one in his mouth and flicked an expert tongue over the tip she almost cried out at the sudden burst of pleasure. She managed to stifle it to a soft groan. He smiled wickedly up at her and moved to her other breast.

Elle tried to let herself relax like they had been talking about earlier and just feel. She closed her eyes and concentrated on the sensations Skye was producing on her body and the emotions they elicited from her. She stretched her arms above her head and pretended she was painting with these beautiful sensations.

His tongue flitting down her chest was teal feather-strokes, she would use a small brush; his warm, rough hand on her thigh was a bold block of burnt umber. When his thumb stroked over her clit beneath her damp panties she whimpered at the beautiful sharp shapes of pleasure in her mind.

Skye carefully removed Elle's panties and stroked a finger through her thick silky folds. Elle moaned and stretched. She felt amazing. He wiggled a finger into her hot, tight hole and flicked his tongue over her swollen clit. Elle shuddered and squeezed his finger. She felt so ready. He pumped his finger in and out a little and was pleased when she responded by opening up and resting her foot up in the table edge.

Skye stood up and gazed down at the beauty before him, squeezing her perfect little tits again. She reached down and stroked him, pulling him towards her, wanting him inside of her. He bent forward to kiss her again and let her little hand guide him inside. 

She broke the kiss when he entered her, gasping the blue air as he slowly pushed inside her slick tight tunnel. He filled her up and all she could think of was yellow and a burst of red when his cock hit that special spot deep inside on every stroke. 

She pulled her legs up to take him even deeper and she kissed him as he slid deep into her again and again. She knew something big was coming she wondered what her orgasm would look like as a painting. It was getting closer and closer, every thrust nudged her clit a little bit, sending a lightning green spark through the yellow pleasure. When she was almost there Skye suddenly bit her lip and pushed into her hard, his own orgasm exploding inside her.

Elle came in a brilliant flash of green light. Her tight walls contracted around him holding tight to the source of her pleasure. Golden waved rolled over her as Skye kissed her lips and her neck, pushing in and out of her a few more times.

Finally they both lay spent; sweaty and panting on the painting table. Skye groaned pulled out of her, standing up. "Oh my God," Elle breathed, staring up at the ceiling. "I have so much I want to paint." 

Skye chuckled. "I told you you needed to relax. Maybe I should charge a fee."

Elle cast an exasperated look at him and hopped up to grab a paintbrush.