 It wasn't a river. I guess stream would be the best word for it. Two inches to two feet deep, depending on where you were standing, and only about 30 feet wide. When my wife started wading down it, I had no intention of following. I was wearing sneakers and was happy to stand on the bank and watch as she made her way against the current. It was more than 15 minutes before she disappeared around a bend and by that time I had stopped watching her to talk to my friend Scott.

My wife and I and two other couples had been driving around the state park all morning. There was just enough room for all of us in Scott's SUV and by the time we had stopped at a campsite by this stream, the heat and cramped quarters were wearing on us all. When I looked back to the stream from my conversation, Susan was nowhere to be seen. I wasn't worried, she was probably just out of sight around the nearest bend.

Behind us, Scott's wife, Rachel, called for him in a whiny sort of voice. She had been the worst of the bunch all day. Complaining about the heat and the bugs, and she wasn't even crammed in the back seats like Susan and me. She had the front. She was a fine looking woman, but I don't know how Scott put up with her. I had dated Rachel for a week back in college, but even her spectacular tits weren't enough to keep me in that relationship.

Scott walked back up to the road, and I bent down to look at the rocks on the shoreline. Time passed as I picked over the water-smoothed rocks, admiring their colors and smooth shapes. I wasn't wearing a watch, but when I looked up and still didn't see Susan, I started to worry.

I figured she was probably fine, but decided to go after her, just in case. My shoes were waterproof, so I did my best to stay to the shallow edges of the stream. In some places I had to clamber back up on the bank and wade through grass up to my waist. After several minutes, I reached the bend in the stream. It turned out to be the joining of two other streams. I looked down both sides of the fork, but didn't see Susan.

I was left with no choice at this point but to cross the stream. I took off my shoes and socks and left them on a patch of sand at the water's edge. Then I hiked up my shorts and headed in. I could see a fair way down one branch, so I picked the stream that turned the bend, hoping that Susan would be just out of sight. It took a frustratingly long time to wade across the wide junction, but when I finally rounded the corner, I still couldn't see Susan.

My heart rate was up now, and despite the cool water, I was sweating profusely. In the middle of the stream, the rocks were piled high enough to come up out of the water. I climbed the small hill and looked around. Still no sign of Susan, but then a sound behind me startled me. I whipped around to see my wife coming out from behind a fallen tree on the stream's edge.

"Were you worried?"

"I was."

"Really? That's so sweet."

She smiled at me as I waded back into the water and then out onto the bank to meet her. When I reached her, she wrapped her arms around me and kissed me firmly on the lips. Then she backed away and pouted, "I am so sick of listening to Rachel whine."

"I hear you. It's nice to be more than a couple feet from them."

"Really? I'd have thought you'd want to stick around so you could keep an eye on those melons."

"Whatever. You know she drives me nuts, and besides, your breasts are much nicer." Now, it's true, Rachel had lovely cans: large, round, supple—we had only dated for a week, but I had made good use of the time—but I wasn't lying. I was well acquainted with my wife's rack and though it was smaller than Rachel's, I was much more fond of Susan's.

To punctuate my statement, I reached out and took hold of Susan's left breast. I pulled my fingers from base to tip and pinched the nipple through her shirt. Then I grabbed her by the waist and pulled her close. "You know," I said, "besides those four losers at the car, there's probably no one else for miles."

"We're not having woods sex." I only looked at her. "They might come looking for us. And besides, sound carries really well out here." I reached up under her shirt and bra and took both breasts into my hands this time. She made as if to push me away, but her heart wasn't in it. 

My heart rate, which had dipped when I found Susan, began to climb again. I caressed her breasts and kissed her again.

"I mean it," she argued, but just barely. She let me cut her off with my lips. I gently tweaked her right nipple while my right hand made its way out from under her shirt and began unfastening her shorts. As they fell down around her ankles, she leaned back against the fallen tree, then reached down and grasped the bulge in the front of my shorts. I had time for a soft moan before she reached for my zipper. With my fly open, she freed my now hard cock from my boxers.

It sprang outward and she giggled. I brought my right hand back up to her tits and dropped my left down to her crotch. I felt for her clit through the fabric of her panties and began to rub gently. It was only moments before the dampness soaked through and wetted my fingers. Susan was breathing heavily now and leaned into my neck.

"You smell...good."

I pulled her panties aside and thrust myself into her. She stifled a gasp as her feet were lifted briefly off the warm sand. I rocked back and forwards, in and out of her. She had a gentle grip on my balls and I had lifted her shirt to nibble her nipples. Both of us were quickly building towards climax, burning off the tension and stress of the day. Suddenly, the soft sand shifted under my feet. I stumbled backwards slightly and pulled Susan towards me. She tripped over her shorts, still around her ankles. My dick slipped free of her and we tumbled down the sandy bank into the stream.

Normally we would have laughed or screamed, or something, but at the moment, we were enraptured by each other. My penis was throbbing, aching to burst, and I could tell by her panting that she was as near to cumming as I. I grabbed her and laid her against the bank, waist down still in the water. I found her snatch and slid back in. One or two gentle pushes, then I thrust into her as deeply as I could. She screamed and the walls of her vagina clenched. The water was cold, but my body was hot as my load came streaming out of me. I shuddered with every burst of it. Driving into her each time.

After a minute we relaxed and let ourselves slip apart. The water washed us clean as we laid next to each other on the bank.

"How are we going to explain the water...and the noise?" I shrugged.

"We tripped?"