 Author's note: I didn't originally intend to write a second part to this story, but as time went on I thought it might be interesting to see what all went on behind that bedroom door...

*

Leaving their partners to their own fun, Maddy and Todd entered the bedroom. As with the rest of the house, the room was small. Turning to the right from the doorway, there was just enough room for a queen-sized bed with a narrow path on each side. The foot of the bed nearly stuck out in to the walkway in front of the door, and Maddy almost in to it as she led him in.

Guiding her husband's naked friend - also her best friend's husband - around in front of her, she wrapped her arms around his neck and their lips locked in a passionate kiss as she pushed the door closed with her foot. Their tongues jockeyed with each other as Todd took a firm hold of her ass and pulled her tight against him, his other hand grasping and stroking her long, soft hair.

She moaned gently as they both ground their hips against each other, Todd's precum leaving tiny wet spots on the thin material of her pants as he stroked against her. 'Her ass feels even better than it looks!' he thought to himself. 'Feels like a thong, too. Very nice...'

He slid his hand over and rubbed his middle finger in the cleft between her cheeks, pushing the material inward and slowly working his way deeper. Finally, he reached her puckered rosebud and began firmly circling it with his finger.

"Mmmm..... that feels... nice," she whispered in to his mouth, savoring the sensation.

"I take it you like that?" he whispered back.

Maddy nodded. "Oh, yeah," she answered, wrapping her leg around him to increase the friction between their loins and to give him better access. She pulled his head gently towards her and nibbled on his ear, garnering a small groan in return.

"There isn't a hole I don't like using," she told him, her breath hot in his ear.

'Oh, wow...' he thought. 'I might get to fuck her in the ass!'

At that, he groaned louder and began rocking harder against her as she continued to nibble on his ear. Giving it a playful tug, she released him from their embrace and pushed him firmly back on to the bed.

"Easy there... I plan on getting you off quite a few times tonight, but I don't want you cumming just yet," she said as he landed on his back, bouncing slightly. While he watched in rapt attention, she crossed her arms in front of herself and took hold of the hem of her shirt. With one smooth, practiced motion, she pulled it up and over her head.

Todd's eyes widened as her breasts jiggled before him, her red lace bra barely containing them. "You should feel lucky," she said, her voice husky and her eyes half lidded. "I bought new underwear and you get to see it before my husband does."

'Holy shit! Her tits are almost as big as Tina's!' Todd thought as she crawled slowly and seductively up on to the bed until she was straddling his waist. As his cock twitched against her, she reached back to unclasp her bra. Before she could, though, Todd grabbed her and pulled her towards him, burying his face in her cleavage and kissing every bit of exposed skin he could find.

"Mmmm...." She moaned softly, placing her hands on the bed to steady herself as Todd kissed on her chest. He caressed and squeezed one of her breasts through the silky material, groaning audibly. 'I think he likes my boobs as much as Mark does..."

With his other hand, he reached around behind her and unclasped her bra almost without effort. "You've done this a time or two," she teased as she helped him slide the straps off her shoulders before tossing the garment away.

"Holy fuck!" she heard him whisper as he gazed upon them, taking both in to his hands.

"Ahhhh...." she repeatedly whispered, her mouth agape and her eyes closed. Each squeeze and caress sent shivers up her spine and each time he passed a thumb over a rock-hard nipple it sent electric jolts straight to her aching pussy.

Lost in the moment, she was unprepared when he took one in to his mouth, suckling on it and ravaging her nipple with his tongue. "GAAHHH!!!" she grunted as a small orgasm made her entire body clench.

"That good, huh?" Todd asked, pausing a second.

"Yeah... they're, uh, slightly sensitive."

"Let me see what else I can do, then."

With that, he caressed them more firmly, alternating between each nipple with his mouth. He sucked each one, swirled it with his tongue, and gently nibbled on it while his hand thumbed, circled, and lightly pinched the other.

"Ohhh... little harder..." she whispered through clenched teeth, and Todd obliged. "Fuuuuck... You know how to work a pair of titties."

She took his moans of delight as acknowledgement.

"Care to fuck them?" she asked.

Todd pulled his head back, nodding enthusiastically as he worked to slow his breathing.

With a wicked grin, Maddy backed towards his feet and then gave his shaft several long, wet licks. She made sure to lick the drop of precum that leaked out the tip each time she reached the top, as he groaned and his cock twitched in appreciation.

Sliding a hand under her clothes, she moaned as she slipped her fingers between her lips, then added her own slick juices to the mix. She then rolled off of him and laid on her back, motioning for Todd to straddle her stomach. While he got in to position, she took one breast in to her mouth and swirled her tongue around the nipple.

"That's hot," Todd said as he maneuvered his cock between her orbs.

"Wait till you feel this," she replied as she pressed her tits around his lubed cock. Todd groaned and closed his eyes, sliding his member forward between her cleavage. She took the tip in to her mouth, sucking gently before he slid backwards and it retreated from her reach.

"Damn..." he moaned as Maddy licked her lips, savoring the taste of his precum mixed with her own juices.

He came forward again, a little faster this time, and slid deeper in her mouth. She worked her head opposite his motions, gently fucking him with her mouth.

After about the fourth stroke, Todd's groans became shorter and more insistent as his pace suddenly quickened. He slammed more forcefully against her flesh three more times, then grunted and shot his load.

She caught most of the first spurt in her mouth, but as he slid back the second landed on her cheek and throat. Grasping his hip, she indicated for him to stop and let the rest collect between her breasts. Once he was nearly finished, she gently squeezed his hip and motioned for him to start again, sliding his deflating cock between her now even more slippery crevice.

Finally, when his orgasm subsided, she grunted at him through closed lips; tapped his side; and motioned for him to climb off of her. He did, and she struggled her way to her feet. She had cum from her throat to her stomach, and most of the inner flesh of her breasts was completely coated with the sticky substance.

Making her way to the dresser, she grabbed a tissue and spat out a mouthful of his spunk.

"Sorry," she said, wiping off her chest and neck. "I like the taste of a man, but something about the texture of it just makes me gag and almost throw up when I try to swallow it."

"Hey, that's your call," he replied.

"Sometimes I can for Mark," she continued as she finished cleaning herself up. "But I have to be really horny, and being a little tipsy doesn't hurt, either."

"Like I said, not a problem," he said as he eyed her half-naked form. "So, any chance we could get those pants off and I could get a taste of you?"

She smiled. "I suppose we might be able to work something out..."

Maddy hooked her thumbs in the top of her pants and slowly inched them down over her hips as she sauntered back towards the bed. Inch by agonizing inch, her matching red lace underwear came in to view.

Once she had them half way down her hips and was near the foot of the bed, she turned around and bent over. Even slower, she slid them the rest of the way down to tease Todd with a view of her delicious thong-clad ass.

Looking back to see his eyes wide and mouth nearly agape, she licked her lips and slowly slid her last article of clothing down and away. Todd groaned as she reached back and spread her cheeks, giving him an unobstructed view of her tightly clenched asshole and glistening, swollen pussy lips.

She then gave one cheek a loud "smack" with her hand, then stood and turned around to face him. Running her hands from her breasts to the "V" between her legs, she climbed up on to the bed and crawled her way up to his chest. Todd gazed in wonder at her luscious lips and neatly-trimmed landing strip, shaking his head in amazement as he admired her in all her glory.

"Damn..." he said again.

She let him feast on her with his eyes a moment, then instructed "Lay down."

He did, and she placed her knees on opposite sides of his head while steadying herself on the headboard. Gazing in to his eyes and running her tongue over her lips, she slowly lowered her pussy to his mouth. She watched as he closed his eyes and inhaled deeply, savoring her pungent aroma.

Opening his mouth and sliding out his tongue as her lips touched his, he firmly kissed her swollen vulva before wrapping his arms around to her ass cheeks and grasping her firmly. Maddy laid her head back and groaned as his tongue parted her lips, her entire body shuddering as he licked from her pussy to her swollen clit and back.

"Fuck, Todd..." she said when he took her engorged bud in to his mouth. He rolled it with his lips and flicked it with the tip of his tongue, eliciting a series of moans from Maddy. His mouth and cheeks were covered in her juices.

Slowly grinding her slick crotch against his face, she could feel her pussy twitch as his tongue performed its magic. "Aaaahhh...... Aaahhhhhh," she moaned, her vocalizations of approval growing ever louder and more frequent as the seconds ticked by.

"Mmm.... Think you'd like Tina sucking on you while you munch on me?" she asked as Todd's tongue ravaged her nether region. "Maybe while Mark fucks her from behind?"

His groan of approval at the idea felt incredible.

Soon after that, Todd felt her body begin to shudder. He shoved his tongue deep in to her pussy as she clenched around it. Maddy screamed as her body shook, and fresh juices coursed over his face as he tongue-fucked her with all his might.

Breathless, she slowly worked her way off his face and scooted back until she could collapse down and kiss him. "Damn... you're good," she panted between kisses, her body trembling.

"You taste good... Care for another round?" he asked.

Maddy shook her head. "Soon as I catch my breath... I'm riding that cock."

"Sounds like a plan to me." He shifted his head and kissed her neck while running one hand through her hair and caressing her back with the other. Maddy obliged and gave him full access, stroking his hair while she rested.

"I have to say, you really are good with your tongue," he told him, her eyes closed as she savored the feel of his lips as they teased all over her sensitive skin. "I wouldn't mind if Mark did nothing but go down on me all night long. Poor guy didn't realize how much I really liked it when we first got together."

Todd chuckled. "Had a rude awakening, did he?"

She nodded, smiling. "He nearly strained his tongue several times thinking he could give me enough." Feeling recovered now, she began to slowly rub her hot, wet pussy against his cock. Her slick lips slipped easily over him as she glided along his length, and she felt it twitch several times against her.

"You know, I seem to remember him saying something about that..." he said, moaning softly in to her neck as he slowly ground against her. "Seems like somebody's about ready for some more."

Maddy nodded, her eyes half lidded, as she pulled her body away and lifted her hips. Gazing deep in to each other's eyes, Todd's hand gently stroked her cheek and then made its way down to take hold of her full, firm breast. He marveled once more at them as she positioned his head at her entrance.

Rubbing her moist, warm lips against his head, she watched him admire her a moment. Then, she closed her eyes and sank fully on to him, impaling herself.

Both of them groaned as she enveloped him, Todd arching his neck back and firmly squeezing the breast in his hand. With his other hand he reached down and took a firm grip of her ass cheek, squeezing it and digging his nails in to her supple flesh.

"Fuuuuuuuck....." Maddy moaned, shifting her hips back and forth as she savored his touch along with the feel of a different cock inside of her.

With that, she started bouncing on top of him, much to their mutual delight. The bedsprings creaked loudly as she slid up his length, nearly coming completely off of him, the slamming back down. Moans and groans of ecstasy flowed from both of them as their bodies repeatedly met with a rapid series of satisfying, wet, slapping sounds.

"Yeah... show me how you ride!" groaned Todd.

"Fuck, you feel good inside me... Mmmmm!!!...." 'Tina's got a good view from here...' she thought as she gazed down at her best friend's husband. His eyes were clenched shut and his mouth agape as he loudly moaned his approval of her work.

Maddy's body shuddered as a small orgasm coursed through her at the thought. "Do I feel as good as Tina?" she asked.

"Fuck, yeah!" he said, hoarsely. "She says I'm too quiet in bed, but I think you may have solved that."

"Good deal," she replied, slamming harder against him as another orgasm started to build.

Todd moved his other hand to her hips, pulling her harder down on to him with each stroke as he thrust upward to meet her. "Mmmm... I'm starting to get close" he warned.

"Me, too," she said, quickening her pace. "Want to cum with me?"

Todd nodded, their rhythm speeding up more.

"Ahhh.... Aaaahhhhh... aaahhh!!" gasped Maddy, a wave of pleasure threatening to overwhelm her. She gave out a stuttered scream, and her pussy clenched hard as it broke over her. Todd grunted as she clamped down around her, then arched his back as he erupted.

When she had control of her voice again, Maddy leaned back and moaned as she milked Todd's cock for every drop he had.

Todd groaned again, his hips bucking wildly as his cock pulsed over and over in her tight, hot pussy.

"Ohhh..." she sighed, finally slowing down when she felt his cock start to subside. "I love making a man cum... especially when I can get him off at the same time as me."

"No complaints here," Todd said, breathlessly flopping his arms up by his head.

His deflating cock still inside her, Maddy concentrated on gripping it with her pussy and rocked her hips, stroking him. "Sometimes I can keep Mark hard after he cums... wonder if it will work on you..."

"We'll see," he replied, still breathing hard as he enjoyed the sensation.

After a minute or two, Maddy climbed off to examine her work. "Lookey there... not fully hard, but I think it'd be enough for another round..."

"I bet he'll get hard again if you bend over and let me behind you..."

Maddy giggled. "I like the sound of that."

Turning around and placing her head and elbows on the bed, she wiggled her luscious ass at Todd in invitation. "One condition, though."

"What's that?" he asked, gripping a cheek as he positioned himself.

"If you're going to ride my ass, you have to pull my hair."

"Deal," he said, burying his cock in her with one smooth thrust until his balls slapped smartly against her swollen lips.

"Aaahh!" she gasped, surprised (and delighted) at the sudden intrusion as her head jerked upward. Closing her eyes, she inhaled a sharp breath and smiled as she felt Todd take her long, luxurious hair in to his hands. He divided it in to two bunches, one in each hand, wrapping it around and grasping as if he were holding a set of riding reins.

"Mmmm..." she moaned as he gave her locks a couple of testing tugs while he began thrusting in and out of her. "That's it..."

Todd began a rhythm of allowing her head to fall slightly forward as he reared back, then pulling backwards again as he thrust in to her. "Mmmm, yeaaaahhh!" Maddy moaned as he pulled slightly harder each time, testing how far she wanted to go.

"Come on, Todd, fucking pull it!" she shouted.

Quickening his pace as he fucked her, he did. "Fuuuuck, yesssss!" Maddy screamed as Todd pulled her head back and held it there while he slammed in and out of her. "Oh, Todd! Yeah! Give it to me rough!" she continued, her back pulled upward nearly far enough to make her hands come up off of the bed.

'Damn!' Todd thought. 'For as sweet and innocent as she acts, she's an absolute FREAK in bed!'

"Oh, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck!" Maddy cried out, the headboard thumping loud against the wall as Todd assailed her.

After one more long, satisfied moan, he felt her pull her head forward and he slacked his grip on her hair. She put her head back down on her arms, and her words turned in to grunts and loud, animalistic groans timed with his thrusts.

'And I thought Tina was vocal in bed!' he thought, gripping her hips and pulling her back against him each time he buried his cock to the hilt.

* * *

He fucked her through at least two more orgasms, that he could easily tell anyway. After that, breathing hard and his legs beginning to ache, he finally slowed down.

"Getting tired back there?" Maddy asked, her voice dreamy and content.

"Yeah... think you might like to switch things up or take a break?"

"Maybe... any chance you're close to finishing?"

"No, not really."

"That can be a downside of two in a row... second time can last quite a while."

Todd chuckled. "I'm glad Mark at least has the stamina for it."

Maddy giggled. "Well, he doesn't always finish the second one, either. Although..."

"Yes...?"

"Think if you put it in somewhere a little, shall we say, tighter... you might finish sooner?"

Todd pondered that a second. 'Is she saying...?' "What are you suggesting?"

She looked back and gave him a wicked grin, slowly wiggling her hips against him. "I was thinking there's one more hole you haven't been in yet tonight."

His eyes widened. "You mean... you want me to...?"

She licked her lips and whispered, "I want you to fuck me up the ass, Todd."

Todd's mind reeled as his eyes instantly went to her tightly puckered hole. "Holy..." he whispered.

It winked several times at him, as if in invitation. "I take it you like fucking women in the ass?"

"I.. uh... yeah, I mean, it's been a long time. Tina doesn't like it."

"Well, I do... I love it when Mark finishes in there."

"Guess I better not keep you waiting," he said sliding out of her pussy. Maddy moaned softly as he slipped his fingers down and gathered up some of her juices; rubbing them around her hole in preparation.

"Quite teasing... Hurry up and fuck me," Maddy whispered, her voice thick with desire.

"Yes, ma'am," Todd whispered, placing his head against her and gently pushing the tip through her tight, waiting sphincter. Coated in her slick juices, it went in easily and Maddy groaned, hard, as her orifice gripped the head of his cock. Taking that as approval, he slid in a little farther. "Fuck, that feels incredible!"

"I said fuck me, Todd! Please..." she practically begged.

He slipped the rest of the way in, and Maddy nearly screamed with pleasure.

"Oh, Todd... that's it... fuck my ass! Fuck my tight, little ass... fuck it hard!" she ordered.

Todd grabbed her hips and did exactly as he was told, sawing in and out. Not quite as hard as he could have, but hard and fast enough for Maddy to groan and gasp with each thrust.
