 Moose awoke with his ears full of a soft tapping sound. His mind was still trying to up-shift from "sleep" mode as his eyes slowly opened and tried to focus on the source. It was coming from next to his bed. 

He rolled onto his side and took in the scene: Sitting at his computer and working on something with some intent was a woman, a young, beautiful, and athletic-looking redhead wearing his Patriots jersey and not much else. He smiled and propped his head up on his hand. That was a great sight to wake up to.

Mandy saw him stir and turned away from her work. For a long moment they just stared into each others' eyes, enjoying the sparks that leapt between them when gaze met.

"Well, how are you doing this morning?" She asked at length. He smiled. "I don't mind you using the PC," he responded, "but please be careful with that shirt."

Eyes twinkling, Mandy pretended to pout; "Well if you had a bra and panties in your closet I could have left this in there." They shared a laugh. 

Turning back to her work, she went on, "I'm just finishing up my article; I think it should be pretty good if anyone can tear their eyes away from the photos that go with it." She smiled seductively, her emerald eyes sparkling with promise.

Moose however looked away from her. "Yeah," he muttered, as images of her exotically painted form ran though his mind, "when those get out you're going to be pretty popular, all right" He replied softly.

Mandy looked over at him, he'd lay back on the bed, his eyes boring holes into the ceiling. Heck of a mood swing, not a good sign, she thought. Without hesitation, she moved: rose from the chair, lifted the top sheet off his body, and slid onto all fours directly over him. Heads level, their eyes locked again.

"Ok, what's wrong?" she asked softly, "I seem to recall you approved of my little art experiment not too long ago."

"That's the problem," Moose replied, "That night, you were the most amazing thing I'd ever seen, you looked better than any woman I'd ever laid eyes on. Until that moment when you turned around and invited me along, I would never have believed that you'd give me the time of day. And since then.....I've never had a better couple days since meeting you."

He hesitated slightly, then, summoning his courage, looked right back into her eyes. "And I don't want to lose you. I know I'm not perfect, I know there's guys out there with bigger cocks or better bodies, but I still don't want some ripped "Beautiful Person" stealing you away because he saw your picture in the paper."

Mandy stared down at him, into the pained and embarrassed expression on his face. She leaned forward, her hair cascading down around his head, and touched her forehead to his. 

"Do you remember what I said to you yesterday right after I came into your room?" she asked in a whisper.

He thought back...finding her standing at his door...their embrace.... "You said you didn't want to fuck me again, that you wanted to make love to me."

Without moving, she continued "Do you know why? Because when we were in the showers the night before I went in looking for a quick, fun fuck. But when I left, and when I started calling people I knew to find you, and when I came to your room last night, it wasn't for a quick fuck."

She lowered her body down onto him, kissing him lightly on the lips, then neck as she slid down his frame. As their bodies came to a rest, she lay her head on his chest and continued, "You felt something too; you told me as much when you said you were going to look for me just like I went looking for you." 

"We'd never met before, only spent one night together, and neither of us could go a day apart." She whispered, looking back up into his face, "What we have is more than great sex, its Love." 

Moose looked down at her for a long second in silence, then pulled her face level to his and kissed her beautiful lips again. Lying on his nude form, Mandy guided his hands down to her body and underneath the football jersey. Then she raised her arms and allowed him to pull the shirt slowly off over her head, more and more of her naked flesh pressing against his. No longer separated, his hands returned to their habit of running lightly across her back and buttocks. She ran her tongue from the base of his neck to his ear, nibbling playfully on the lobe, before softly whispering "Besides which, anyone who actually reads that article is going to read what I wrote about you, and they'll know that I'm off the market."

Moose's left hand moved from her back and brushed her hair away from her face. Leaning forward, he kissed her. Their lips opened to each other and their tongues played between them again and again. When they finally parted from their lock, he looked up into her eyes again and smiled.

"I love you."

Mandy's reply was cut off as he suddenly rolled them over, placing her underneath and him on top. Her eyes went wide with surprise, and sparkled in pleasure as he lowered his tongue to her right C-cup. He slowly licked around one areola, followed by the other, rolling his hot tongue across the sensitive skin. Then he lowered his lips to her, and his licking became one, long kiss. 

She wrapped her legs around his torso, pulling her exposed sex toward his skin as his mouth pleasured her breasts. Her hands roamed across his back, and as Moose bit down lightly on her right nipple, she let out a squeal of pleasure. He released her sensitive tip and then kissed it, gently opening his lips and stimulating with his tongue. She titled her head back and sighed in pleasure.

As Mandy squirmed beneath him, Moose began to pull pack, sitting upright and unwrapping her legs from his torso. But instead of changing positions again, he grabbed her securely by the legs and pulled up her toward him. He lifted, draping her legs over his shoulders and supporting her toned body up with both arms. She gasped in surprise at suddenly being suspended in air, grounded only by his shoulders and hands, with her pussy directly in front of his mouth. Then his mouth touched her lips and alarm melted away.

With the heat of Mandy's sex in his face, with the scent and taste of her arousal flooding him, Moose didn't waste time. His tongue plunged between her lips, and ground his face against her. Her body responded in kind, hips bucking forward to grind against him, and her legs pressing against his back, holding them even more tightly together. His hands were occupied with keeping her in place, but her own hands roamed to her chest, tweaking and massaging her breasts.

For long minutes they stayed precariously locked together, adrenaline brought on from the stimulation of their lovemaking gave Moose the strength to support her. Soon, Mandy's soft moans of arousal grew in intensity, and the muscles of her legs and pussy began to spasm. As the juices of her orgasm flowed, she leaned back and arched her back, nearly unbalancing their position in order to open herself to his mouth. With a last, deep thrust by his tongue into her pussy, she dove into another shuddering climax.

As Mandy pulsed with her orgasm, Moose lay back and allowed her to lie diagonally across his body, giving his arms rest. Allowing her to subside, he softly stroked her belly with one hand while tickling and licking playfully the inside of her thigh. Damn, he thought as he watched her body glisten with sweat, this amazing woman wants me, loves me, and everything I do to her drives her wild. He felt ten feet tall.

Propping herself up on a pillow, Mandy looked down to where he caressed her body. "You're making a habit of that," she breathed, "am I really that good?"

Moose's eyes bulged, "Are you that good? You're the most amazing woman I've ever seen, or felt" he said, stroking her leg again. Then, uncomfortably, he added, "I've been worried that I would disappoint you."

Mandy swung her body around until she lay with her head level to his, and her legs crossed his. Her hand reached up and pressed his face toward hers, and she kissed him, tasting herself on his lips. Then his tongue pressed into her mouth and she tasted only him. As they dragged the kiss on, her hand left his head and slowly worked its way down to wrap around his stiff member. 

"There is no way," she whispered, "that you can disappoint me. But I know what you're trying to do. Don't kill yourself trying to make me feel good, being with you is what makes me feel good." With that she rolled to a kneeling position and rubbed the head of his cock across lightly across her opening, teasing him with pleasure.

Fresh energy surging in his veins, Moose reached up to her waist, pulling Mandy down onto his hard member. As her wet heat enveloped him, they both sighed out loud. She rocked her hips slowly, gently milking his cock in prelude. "Being with you," he sighed, looking into her eyes again, "makes me feel a lot more than good."

Moaning in agreement, she leaned forward, dangling her breasts in reach of his mouth. As he began to pump into her, his mouth returned to her skin, enveloping her erect nipples, and sucking lightly on the skin around them. "You like that a lot, don't you?" She gasped, "Still thinking that you're cleaning me up?"

His mind flashed back to the shower room and the first time they'd fucked, to the sweat and oil smearing the paint under his hands and lips. Inspired, he began to lap at her skin, an exaggerated imitation of that night, as they continued to fuck. Mandy responded with delighted laughter, "Oh yeah, that's the way." 

Their pace quickened, and as Moose continued to drive into her, Mandy leaned back, arching her back to grind the head of his cock against her g-spot. Her laughter had become a solid stream of pleasure-filled moans. Her juices flowed freely and the walls of her pussy clenched against his member as it pulsed in and out. Finally she grabbed his waist and pulled, bringing him to a sitting position while lying down on her back without breaking their lock. 

Pausing to get on his knees, Moose now drove down into her sex with even greater force, slamming his hips into her. Mandy gripped the sheets of the bed and pressed herself into his fucking, her breath quick and ragged as she neared the end. Orgasm came in an instant, her pussy clamping down on his cock as it drove against her cervix. The shudders of ecstasy from her body shot through her tightened pussy, sending him into his own climax. His explosion of cum flooded into her, and she overflowed with their juices.

Moose pulled himself from her, and he lay next to her as she radiated heat and the scent of their lovemaking. While she caught her breath, Mandy turned her head to him and smiled seductively. He leaned forward and kissed her again, stoking her strawberry hair with one hand.

"Let's go out somewhere" she whispered suddenly. "Hey, "he said, rolling onto his back and closing his eyes, "I think we're having a pretty good time right here." "Oh no you don't," She said, poking him in the ribs, "No going back to sleep. Come on, you horny creep, let's go shake up the town tonight!" Laughing, he responded, "Yeah, you're right. We're both hungry, and some fresh air would be nice. Let's get cleaned up a bit first, though."

Mandy didn't need it suggested twice, and rising from the bed she sauntered over to his compact bathroom. She found his comb and began running it through her sweat-matted hair, and wished she's brought a few more supplies the night before. Moose rolled out of bed and made for the tiny shower.

"I'm going to need to stop over at my apartment," Mandy called as the water went on, "I neglected to ring fresh clothes or makeup." Laughter boomed out from behind the frosted glass door, "Well, OK, but I haven't seen anything to complain about."

Her laughter joined his as she finished getting her hair pointed in one direction. She was about to walk back into the main room when she caught herself and turned around. There was one more thing she wanted to do...

Moose didn't notice the stall door open; his eyes were closed as scenes of Mandy danced through his mind. He did notice, however, when something tightened around his leg. His eyes snapped open and he looked down just in time to see his erection disappear into her mouth. The sudden warmth of her mouth probing of her tongue against his cock nearly caused his legs to buckle, and she tightened her grip on his leg to steady him.

Wrapping her other hand around the base of his member, Mandy slowly pulled it back out of her mouth, until only her lips teased the tip of his head. Then she plunged it back in, lips and tongue sliding all the way down his shaft, eliciting a groan of approval from above. Then she pulled back once again, raking her teeth lightly down his length. With the water's hot stream cascading down his back, Moose's hands fell to keeping himself upright in the tight confines of the shower stall, surrendering control to her hands and mouth. 

Her hand picked up speed, pumping up and down his cock faster and faster, as her lips teased the head. Her tongue snaked out and flicked his tip, then was replaced by her mouth enveloping him again, sucking while her other hand moved over to squeeze and stroke his balls. She repeated, pumping and sucking him until she felt him begin to quiver in her mouth.

As pre-cum leaked from his head, she suddenly withdrew her hands. Grabbing her tits, she lifted her body up and wrapped them around his member. His hips bucked forward, fucking her tits as her mouth continued to pleasure the tip of his cock. It was all he could take; hot ropes of cum shot into her mouth and onto her face in surges, dripping down to her chest and hands.

He leaned heavily against the wall as the orgasm subsided, watching his lover milking the last of his cum from him. The shower's hot stream was washing her clean, but she still took a moment to lick her fingers and breasts clean of his love. Then she stood up, smiling as she wrapped her arms around him, pressing their wet bodies together. 

"Ok, now we're ready to go out."