 Mark raised his glass in a toast. "To friends we don't get to see near enough anymore." 

"Here, here!" The others raised their glasses and cheered, laughing. Maddy shook her head at her husband and chuckled. "You goofball. What am I ever going to do with you?" 

"Put up with me," he teased. 

"Nobody else I would want to put up with" she said as she admired him. Tall, dark hair, and rugged good looks were what had attracted her attention in the first place. His smile, laughter, and care & concern for everyone around him was what sealed the deal. 

He leaned over and kissed her on the forehead. "I still can't believe you keep me around." Maddy was only about ¾ of his height, slender, and with long, brown hair that hung nearly to her waist. Well blessed in the chest & hip area as well, which he quite enjoyed. 

Their friends, Todd & Tina, were physically opposite in many ways. Todd was the shorter of the two of them, although he had a much more wiry build than Mark. 'Quite a scrapper and good to have in a fight' was how Mark often described his lifelong friend. 

His wife, Tina, was almost Mark's height. Like Todd, she also had blonde hair. Unlike Maddy, though, hers only came to her shoulders. 

She also had a build best described as "full" or "curvy" - but certainly not because she was overweight. 

"Quit being mushy!" Todd teased. "We only get to see you two a couple of times a year, don't be wasting our time smooching on each other!" 

"You're just jealous he gets to kiss me and you don't," Maddy teased back. 

"I seem to recall a certain pair of ladies swapping places to see if their boyfriends could tell the difference in their kisses when we were in college..." said Mark. 

"That was college, we don't do that stuff anymore!" said Tina. "Do we?" she asked, looking at her husband with a serious expression before sticking her tongue out at him. 

Yet another round of hearty laughter echoed through the small house, and far from the last for the evening. 

* * * 

Mark was finishing drying off from his shower when Maddy came in. She stood in the doorway for a moment, admiring him, with her wine glass still in hand. 

"Careful, my dear, if one of our guests came around the corner back there they'd get quite an eyeful," he said with a fake British accent. 

Maddy just raised an eyebrow. "I bet Tina would enjoy it," she said conspiratorially, then she raised an eyebrow. "Oohh... that might be a fun fantasy to play with tonight."

Mark gave her a surprised look.  "Wouldn't be the first time we've had moaning contests from across the house," she continued, then laughed.  "Anyway, what I came to ask is, Tina wanted to know if you would be uncomfortable if she sleeps in her pajamas." 

'What, are they see-through?' thought Mark. 'She's always dressed modestly at bedtime, and it's never been an issue before.' 

"Why, yes, it will make me uncomfortable," he joked. "I would prefer she was naked." 

"I will let them know, then," said Maddy. She then promptly turned around and left, leaving the door wide open. 

Mark shook his head, not thinking much of his wife joking back with him... until he heard from the living room, "... rather she slept naked. He was dead serious, too." 

Startled, Mark finished putting on his sleeping clothes, then nervously went to the living room to see what was going on. 

Much to his relief, the other three in the room were all smiling at him. 

"So, you want to see my wife naked?" asked Todd, who was sitting alongside Tina on the bed that folded out from the couch. 

"Well, of course," Mark said, playing along. "She is a very attractive woman, after all." 

Tina blushed at the honest compliment. 

Todd looked over at Maddy. "And how do you feel about this?" he joked. 

"I don't have a problem at all," Maddy answered... and she was dead serious. 

Her answer surprised everyone. 

"Are you... serious?" asked Mark. 

She nodded. 'You're welcome,' she mouthed wordlessly to him. 

During this, Todd and Tina looked at each other as well. Tina raised an eyebrow to ask her husband what his thoughts were. He shrugged his shoulders and answered, "Okay." 

Tina looked back and forth between Mark, Todd, and Maddy. A shocked/surprised smile lit up her face, and an idea formed in her head. 

"One condition, though..." she began, and everyone was all ears. "Mark sleeps naked, too." 

Mark's eyes widened in surprise, while Todd and Maddy laughed. 

"Hear me out," continued Tina, blushing. She licked her lips before continuing, "There's only one bathroom in this house, and at some point, he's going to have to go there - still naked." 

"So... what you're saying is, no clothes until, say, after breakfast?" said Maddy, simply to add fuel to the fire. 

Tina thought for only a brief second before smiling. "Sure." 

"Wait, wait, wait!" interrupted Todd. "What's in this for me and Maddy? Do we get to do the whole naked thing, too?" 

He looked at Tina, suddenly hoping he hadn't crossed any lines. "Sure," she shrugged. 

Maddy looked at Mark, her eyebrow raised, and he shrugged his shoulders. "Fair is fair," he replied. "Why not?" 

The group then waited a moment, unsure of how to proceed. "So...," Tina finally asked, hesitantly. "Do I get to undress him?" 

More looks around were followed by more approvals. 

Tina raised her finger and beckoned Mark over to her, giggling, while Maddy did the same for Todd. She, however, remained silent and instead gave him a mischievous smile. 

Mark took a deep breath as Tina stood up, acutely aware of his beating heart; raging hard-on that was tenting in his pajama pants; and the very close proximity of Tina's heavenly body. Her full, firm breasts were brushing against his chest as she gazed in to his eyes and ran her hands along the bottom of his shirt. 

She swallowed, and then nervously ordered, "Arms up." 

Mark complied, and she lifted his shirt over his head. Her nails felt exquisite as they grazed his chest. 

She gazed down at his tented member as she ran her fingers along the top band of his pants, gathering the courage to proceed. "I already like what I see," she said softly. She looked over at Todd, who was standing in the entry to the hallway next to Maddy with his arm around her waist. 

He nodded and smiled at her, so she pulled the remainder of Mark's clothing down in one motion before she could lose her courage. As she did so, and bent over in the process, his boxer shorts snagged the head of his cock. When it released, it nearly slapped her in the face. 

"Oh!" she gasped, and that elicited a good laugh from the others. 

Sitting back on the bed, her heart beating rapidly and her breaths deep, she looked Mark up and down a few times as he stood there, unsure of what to do next. "Very nice," she said, looking first at Mark and then Maddy. 

Maddy beamed at her friend as Todd began to lift her shirt. 

"Hang on, there," she said, stopping him and then handing him her wine glass. "Hold this, please." 

Mark stood next to Tina and ran his fingers through her hair while she ran her hand up and down the inside of his left leg. She could feel goosebumps, but she didn't know if it was from excitement or the temperature. 

They both watched as Maddy slowly undressed Todd, savoring inch by revealed inch. 

Finally, she stood admiring his naked form for a moment, then without thinking took a hold of his cock and gave it a few long tugs. 

Todd jumped at her touch, Mark's eyes widened in surprise, and Tina gasped sharply with unexpected delight. 

'Never thought it would be a turn on to see my wife play with another man,' thought Mark. 

Similarly, 'Wow... who knew I'd enjoy seeing my best friend with my naked husband' went through Tina's mind. 

Maddy chuckled, "Sorry, I suppose I should ask if this is going to be more than a kiss swap." Todd's cock twitched in her hand as she continued her slow, smooth strokes. 

Mark was the first to find his voice. "I'm ok with it if you all are." 

Todd and Tina nodded at each other, unable to speak. 

'I love you', Maddy mouthed to Mark. 

Finally, Todd spoke. "You sure you're ok with this, hon?" 

Tina nodded vigorously. 'I can't believe we're actually doing this' she thought, unable to speak. 

"Well, then... I guess we'll see you later," Maddy said, her hand still on Todd's member as she led him to the bedroom. She brushed her fingers over Mark's cheek as she passed, her eyes gazing lovingly upon him. 'I love you, too' he mouthed back, smiling. 

The two on the couch watched their partners go around the couch and in to the bedroom. When the door "clicked" shut behind them, Tina looked up and smiled, nervously twirling her hair. "Guess I better get started, huh?" 

Mark gently caressed her head. "Are you sure you're ok with this?" 

She nodded. "Yes... it's just that I haven't been with anybody else since we got married. We've, you know, fantasized and pretended to be other people... but, um..." 

"Yeah, little different in person, isn't it?" he agreed. 

"You ok with this?" she asked, and Mark nodded in approval. 

With that, she kissed along the length of his shaft as it twitched under the touch of her lips. Mark groaned softly as she worked her way up to the tip, running his fingers through her soft, silky hair. When she reached the head, she looked up at him and batted her eyelashes seductively before sticking out her tongue and slowly licking around. 

He groaned again and his cock jumped, signaling his approval. Tina licked each side and the front several times, moving around and mixing it up with swirling her tongue over & around his head. Then, she slid down and ran her tongue along his length several times, her hand caressing and fondling his balls as she teased him. 

His eyes closed as he relished the sensation, then he jerked them open when she slid her mouth over him and buried his cock deep in her throat. He grunted and stared in to her deep, green eyes as she worked her mouth up and down his length. 

'Damn, she's good,' he thought. 'Maddy's great at blowjobs, but she can't deep-throat like that.' 

Over and over, she fucked him with her mouth and throat, both of her hands on his ass cheeks. She pulled him to each her each time she went down, slamming his cock in to the back of her throat and burying her nose in the hair at the base of his shaft. 

Mark thought the feeling was already exquisite, and then she began moaning on his cock each time she went down. That nearly made him cum right there. 'She really enjoys this!' he realized, "Almost as much as I am!' 

He could feel the building fire of an impending orgasm deep in his groin, so reluctantly he tried to gesture for her to stop. "Tina... Tina!" he finally croaked out. 

Just as reluctantly, she slid him out, resulting in a surprisingly loud "pop" when he exited her mouth. "Yes?" she asked, licking her lips with anticipation. 

"I'm... I'm getting close" he informed her. "Um..." 

"What would you like me to do?" she asked, coyly batting her eyelashes and swaying her shoulders. 

"What would you prefer?" 

"I asked you." 

"Um... would you mind... swallowing?" 

She smiled. "Love to." 

'Wow,' he thought. 'Maddy only does that on special occasions. Todd's one lucky guy.' 

Tina resumed her ministrations, although this time she kept his head inside her mouth. Although Mark missed the feel of going down her throat, the impending sensation quickly built back up. Before he knew it, his balls clenched and he grunted. Load after load spurted in to Tina's waiting mouth, and she moaned with delight as she sucked and swallowed every last drop. 

As he felt the last of it subside, Mark realized he was shaking. "I need to sit down," he said. 

Tina helped him down, and he sat a moment trying to catch his breath. 

"You taste good," she told him as she nibbled on his earlobe, her breath hot in his ear. "I wouldn't mind doing that again." 

"I'm sure you'll get the chance tonight," he answered, his breath still shaky, and looked over at her smiling face. "Is it my turn to return the favor?" he asked. 

She pulled back a little and gave him an embarrassed look. "I, uh, didn't get a shower during the trip and haven't had one all day. I was hoping that before we got... to far, we, uh, might go..." she said, pointing her head towards the bathroom. 

"I'd love to see you covered in suds," Mark answered with a smile. 

Smiling as well, Tina stood up and whipped her t-shirt up and over her head. Underneath that she wore a plain, light blue bra, and Mark sat there, nearly drooling, his eyes transfixed while she undid the clasp in the back. 

She slid the straps down and used her hands to cradle the cups against her breasts. "Are you ready?" she teased. 

Mark nodded, dumbly, then his eyes widened as she dropped the undergarment and they spilled out in all their glory. 

"Wow!" Mark exclaimed. "I've admired your tits for a long time, but I never thought they'd be that nice," to which Tina just smiled and blushed. 

She then hefted and caressed them a few times before bending her head down and licking a nipple, smiling at his obvious enjoyment. 

Sensing he was ready to lose control, she turned around and wiggled her jeans down as seductively as she could. When she bent over to slide them off her feet, her backside was clad in only a black lace thong. She gasped slightly when she felt Mark grab hold of her hip and start kissing her exposed cheeks, alternating back and forth between them while his hands caressed up and down her legs. 

"We'd better go get in the shower," he said breathlessly, "before I do obscene things to you right here and now." 

Tina stepped away from his admirations, and stopped in the entry to the hallway to remove her thong. As Mark rose to follow her, she tossed it on to his head before walking to the bathroom; her hips swaying as she went. 

He closed his eyes, put them to his nose, and deeply inhaled her musky scent before tossing them to the floor and following along. Tina was leaned over adjusting the water when he arrived, and he absently ran his hand along her cheek while he waited, making sure to tease her slick snatch from behind with his fingertips. 

Tina moaned softly, then stood up, turned around, took his head in her hands, and kissed him deeply on the lips. She broke the kiss and whispered, "You don't mind kissing me after I've had you in my mouth, do you?" 

He shook his head, then resumed kissing her. His hands went to her sides as he guided her gently backwards in to the warm, inviting shower. Tina wrapped her arms around his neck, lost in their kissing. She barely noticed the hot water on her skin as their lips embraced & broke; their tongues darting and exploring. 

Mark pulled her to him, one arm around her shoulders while the other reached behind her and his hand took a firm grip of her ass. She moaned in to his mouth and wrapped a leg around his waist, pulling his groin hard against hers. Even through the heat of the water, he could feel the warmth between her legs. 

She ground against him as they kissed, both moaning with pleasure. Mark's lips broke their embrace, and he kissed & nibbled the long, inviting lines of her neck while Tina hissed in through her teeth and stroked her fingers through his hair. "Oooh, Mark... Yeah..." she half whispered. 

He took this as a sign of encouragement and pulled his chest away from hers, freeing her breasts which had been smashed tightly between the two of them. Taking one in to his hand and gently squeezing the supple flesh, he took the nipple of the other in to his mouth and sucked on it - hard, and groaning with delight. 

"Wait, wait..." Tina reluctantly interrupted as she lowered her leg and gently pushed him away. "Mark, wait... Let me... Let me get soaped up before we go too much farther." 

He reached up and grasped her cheek, kissing her once more. "If you insist," he said, gazing in to her eyes and smiling. 

"I do," she answered, looking around. "Think Maddy would mind if I borrowed her body wash?" 

"Well, she is letting you borrow her husband," Mark replied, drawing her in and pressing against her as he reached towards the showerhead for the supplies. "Shampoo?" 

"Good point," Tina answered with a smirk, "and yes, please." 

"You wash your hair and I wash you?" he asked, an eyebrow raised in expectant hope. 

Tina chuckled. "Sure." 

As she squirted shampoo in to her hand, Mark looked at the loofa in his hand before dramatically tossing it away, grinning. "You brat!" Tina laughed, as he put the body wash directly in his hands and rubbed them together until he had a good lather. 

His eyes traveled up and down her voluptuous form, admiring her and trying to decide where to begin. "From the top, I guess," he said to himself. 

He started with her neck and shoulders, caressing and massaging as he went. Tina closed her eyes and moaned softly under his touch, then pursed her lips inward as his hands reached her full, firm breasts. 

"Wow," he breathed, hefting them slightly and admiring their feel under his gentle squeezes. After soaping them up, he returned to caressingly admiring them, his eyes transfixed on the rivulets of soap slowly sliding down the narrow gap between them. Tina moaned again, a little louder this time, as his thumbs circled her nipples & flipped back and forth over them. 

She stopped washing her hair and put her hands against the sides of the shower to steady herself, enjoying the blissful sensation of Mark's hands on her skin. He kept one hand on her breast as the other worked its way downward, soaping and caressing her stomach and the tops of her thighs before teasing its way back to the very slightly stubbled area where her pubic hair normally resided. 

"You know," Mark whispered in to her ear, sending chills over her entire body, "I saw that you were shaved clean when we were in the living room, but it didn't really register." 

She widened her legs as he slid his fingers along the insides of where her thighs began, alternating between each side. 

"You like it smooth?" she half whispered, sighing hard as he teased her - agonizingly close to her swollen, hot lips but never quite touching them. 

He nodded as she shifted her hips around, breathing hard and trying to get his fingers where she desperately wanted them. 

"Please..." she pleaded. 

"Hang on," he told her. "I'm enjoying this." 

"I bet you are," she responded, grabbing his hand and thrusting it between her legs, gripping it tightly between her thighs. "Gaahhhhh!" she moaned, squeezing his hand under hers and rubbing it forcefully against her hot, smooth, and slick mound.  

"You're no fun," he teased. "I can usually get Maddy to beg me to touch her." 

Tina chuckled. "Tough luck, I don't beg for anything." 

Mark kissed her again, sliding his middle finger between her lips and gently stroking her clit. "Funny..." he began, "for as prim, and proper, and quiet as you normally are, it's pretty hot how confident you get when you're turned on." 

She just gave a long and stuttered moan, biting her bottom lip as her body trembled. Then, she leaned in and put her head on his shoulder, wrapping her arms around his neck as he toyed with her bud. 

"Aaahhh... Aaahhhh..." she moaned, her breaths coming faster and her body starting to jerk. Mark rubbed harder and faster as she gasped & moaned. It wasn't long before he thought she was getting close, so he shoved two fingers deep in her pussy. Tina gasped as he curled them upward, feeling for her spot... 
