 This story is a work of fiction, based upon my experiences. It picks up a week or so after "Recruiting with Benefits." 

If you felt as though you were left hanging, I don't blame you because I felt the same way after that first story. This story will wrap up some of those loose ends. Even so, the entire summer seemed to be a series of hookups. 

Thanks for the editorial eagle eye of OldNakedDad who graciously agreed to edit my story. 

As always, all active characters are eighteen or older. 

************ 

Charlotte was the summer au pair for two children, ages eight and eleven. Their mother, Emily, was a psychology professor at the university. After work one evening, Charlotte had invited me over to the house where she stayed—it was a large, grand house on a very large lot in the city, not far from a popular lake. 

When I arrived, Charlotte met me at the door wearing a one-piece swim suit and said. 

"I'm so glad to see you. I thought you'd never get here." 

She gave me a kiss that instantly made me hard as she pressed herself against me. I put my hands on her ass and pulled her tight to me so she couldn't help but feel how she'd affected me. 

Just before we went into the house, Charlotte said. 

"Emily wants to meet you." 

Charlotte, Emily, and I talked for about an hour. Emily had gotten to know Charlotte's mother through a professional referral. During the last semester of high school, Charlotte had started to live with Emily and her kids in the city while completing her course work and finals, via distance learning, because her home situation was so bad. 

Emily told me some background information about how Charlotte came to live and work there. 

"Charlotte has been in an abusive household and there is an Order for Protection against her step-father. I want to be sure you don't know her step-father, and you're not going to say or do anything to jeopardize the Order." 

I assured her that I had never spoken with the stepfather and did not know him. Emily was visibly relieved. 

After our conversation, Charlotte asked. 

"Randy, can we go out for a while?" 

"Yes, of course." 

Charlotte went upstairs to change and when she came downstairs, she was wearing a casual, yet stylish, summery dress and a pair of sandals that showed off her new pedicure. As she stepped off of the last stair, she ran to me and gave me another hug and searing kiss. 

She grabbed a bag that was sitting by the door and suggested we go to the lake. We arrived at the lake just as the sun was sinking toward the trees. The lake had a walking path with benches, and several beaches. We walked the path for a bit then sat on a park bench. Charlotte turned to me and took my hands into hers—there were tears in her eyes. 

She started. 

"Emily is very protective of me..." 

She continued. 

"I was afraid she was going to say we can't see each other because you're military and she's afraid you only want to fuck me." 

"I hope I made a good impression on Emily because I want to continue seeing you...if you want me to?" 

"I think you did. She seemed to accept you as an OK guy." 

She took my face into her hands and pulled me toward her for a kiss as I wrapped my arms around her. Because the sun was going down, the shadows were lengthening as we sat on the park bench and kissed for several minutes. 

Charlotte continued to explain. 

"You deserve to know what I left when I moved here. I know our last date was a little awkward, but a lot of that was due to my experiences over the past couple of years. I started to develop a figure when I was fourteen. That was about the time my step dad started to look at me—and not in a normal 'dad' way." 

Charlotte explained how the situation had progressed from uncomfortable to abusive over the next few years. She obviously was abused by her step-father, but wasn't able to escape the situation until she turned eighteen. Her tears were flowing again, she pulled some tissues from her purse, and I held her as she quietly cried. 

Finally, her tears subsided. 

"I felt so guilty because, even when he abused me, I enjoyed the feelings from it." 

I whispered, "I'm so sorry your introduction to sex was that way. I promise...I'll never force myself upon you. I want our memories to be very pleasurable and guilt-free. Charlotte, when I touched you last Saturday, and we fucked, did you want to let me know what you were feeling?" 

"Oh, yes, so much! But I had bad memories from my past, and I was afraid. 

"Oh, Char! I had no idea. I hope we can become comfortable enough with each other to react to our feelings and express them." 

She took my hand and suggested. 

"Let's walk on the beach. Everyone's gone now and the sand is still warm." 

I slipped my arm around her as we walked barefoot with our shoes in our hands. We reached a part of the beach that was screened from the walking path and the road. She dropped her shoes and the bag she'd brought with her from the house, pulled out a huge beach towel her as an invitation for me to join her. 

We sat on the towel in silence for a few minutes as we enjoyed each other's company, watched the airplanes approach the nearby airport, and had our arms around each other. Charlotte was so cute with her hair pulled up into a pony tail, and her neck was exposed as she looked up. 

I placed my lips on her neck and kissed it with a bit of tongue. She sighed, melted into my arms, and gave a little gasp with each kiss, and as I gently sucked her ear lobe. 

As I kissed along her jaw, she turned to me, put her hand behind my head, and pulled me to her waiting lips. Our tongues danced and explored while her hands ran through my hair, and we sank down until we were lying next to each other. The only sounds were our soft moans and the lapping of the waves on the shore. 

Charlotte moved my hand to her breast and murmured. 

"Oh, lover, this is so nice." 

She wasn't wearing a bra, but her dress had concealed her excitement until she'd laid down and I had my hand on her breast. I thought both breasts deserved attention so while I caressed one, I put my mouth on the other and worked it against the fabric, trapping it between her nipple and my lips. 

She arched into my mouth and moaned as I sucked deeply through her dress, which left a prominent wet spot. She unbuttoned three of the four buttons on the front, which exposed her other breast to my mouth, and rolled toward me, throwing her leg over mine. 

I believed in making sure everything was satisfied so, while I sucked her other nipple into a hard nubbin with goose-bumps on her areola. I moved my free hand under her dress, gently stroking her thighs with my fingertips. She bent one knee, raised her leg, and hitched her dress up her thigh to her hips. 

She moved her hand between us to grasp my cock and moaned as her lips found my neck and formed a seal, which caused me to exclaim my pleasure. 

"Oh, yes! So good!" 

That was going to leave a mark! 

I continued stroking her thighs and lightly dragged my fingers up the insides of her spread thighs until they landed on her panties. I discovered just how wet she was. 

I began massaging her mons, rubbing my finger in the cleft - pushing her soaked panties into her slit and pulling them back out while she humped against my hand and moaned, and rubbed my cock through my shorts. 

"Stop! This isn't fair, let me feel you like you're feeling me." 

With that she unbuckled my belt, undid my shorts and exposed me to her touch and the warm night air. I tugged at her panties, and she lifted her hips as I slid them down her legs and off her feet. We quickly molded ourselves back to each other, stroking and caressing with increasing ardor. Her soft curls were wet with her excitement and I rubbed her mound as her hips lifted to seek more pressure. 

Charlotte played with the tip of my cock, felt the pre-cum, and rubbed it all over my knob, I moaned. 

"Oh, god!" 

I wanted to feel two warm, wet lips on my cock, but given her past experiences and our last date, I wasn't sure it'd happen. 

"Have you ever sucked a cock?" 

She nodded and tears began to form in her eyes. I gently kissed the tears and cradled her. 

"I won't force you to do anything you don't want to do." 

"I'm afraid I won't be very good, but I'd love to try with you." 

I rolled on my back and pushed my shorts down fully exposing myself to her. She crawled between my legs and took hold of my cock, 

"I love it that you're uncut!" she whispered. "I love watching your skin move and your cockhead come out and back in!" 

Her hands went to my hips as she captured my cock between her lips, and flickered her tongue across the tip. 

"Oh, my god! You're marvelous!" 

She gave me a little grin, then went back to work. Her tongue swirled around my cock head and her fingers began to gently stroke the shaft. 

I didn't want to scare her, so I let her set the pace. Before long, she was going nearly half the length of my cock. Her tongue swirled as my cock disappeared into her mouth, then her cheeks would collapse as she sucked her way back to the tip. I didn't want to know how she got so good, but I did my best to enjoy it. 

I didn't want to risk spending my load in her mouth, when I would much rather deposit it elsewhere. 

"Char, baby, now it's my turn to pleasure you!" 

I pulled her up on top of me and kissed her deeply, savoring my taste from her mouth, then rolled her on her back. I pressed my lips to her hard, aroused nipples and sucked each one till she moaned and squeaked. As I worked down her body, she raised her hips and pushed her dress up to her waist. I maneuvered between her long legs as she raised and spread them like she did in the back seat of the car. 

I caressed the damp curls and soft flesh between Charlotte's legs as she whimpered her pleasure. As my finger reached her eager pussy, she thrust and slid one then two fingers inside and stroked. Meanwhile, my tongue began to taste her tangy, sweet juices as I licked from her pussy up to her clit. My mouth went back down and I slipped the fingers I'd been fucking pussy her with into her mouth, she licked it, then gleefully sucked it. 

"Do you like the taste of your sex?" 

She nodded and whispered. 

"It tastes just like me...and sweet!" 

I wiggled one of my fingers between her wet pussy lips. 

"Do you like this? Can I make you cum?" 

"You're so gentle and patient. Please, make love to me!" 

I thought, 'Is she expecting to feel my cock pressing against her pussy?' When I put my head back between her legs and my tongue on her pubic mound, she squeaked. 

"Oh!" 

I hooked my arms under her thighs, lifted her legs over my shoulders, and held her in position as I licked her entire mons and felt the texture of her trimmed pussy. I liked how the very fine and soft hair around her labia held her juices as they trickled out of her. Her initial reaction of surprise changed to total lust as she arched her pussy against my face and began moaning with each lick as I started from her pussy and up her slit until I reached her clitoris. 

I circled her clit with my tongue, gently flicked it, and applied gentle suction. She pulled my head tighter to her and bucked against my tongue as she thrashed about on the towel. Each time I licked, flicked and sucked, she came closer to her climax and her moaning became louder. 

I could tell she was getting close to cumming, so I slipped first one finger into her and stroked then followed with a second finger and began thrusting as I found the little rough patch at the top of her cunt. 

As her orgasm broke over her, she cried out. 

"Oh, yes! Oh, Oh, Oh!" 

She shuddered and shook as she was rocked during the throes of her climax. I licked the sweet taste of her essence as her juices poured from her and soaked my face as she climaxed. Finally, the flow slowed and her nerves stopped firing from her orgasm. 

She finally relaxed and sighed, contentedly. After her voice came back, Charlotte whispered. 

"Oh...my...god! I've never cum like that before." 

I moved my body up onto hers until we could kiss. She gently wiped her juices from my chin and around my mouth with her fingers then sucked them into her mouth. As we kissed, she also tasted herself on my tongue. 

She was wanton. 

"I need you to make love to me...now!" 

She spread her legs and raised them to accept me. Her pussy's wetness glistened in the moonlight, and I was harder than I could remember. I rubbed my cock up and down from her cunt to her clit and easily slipped it into her wet, waiting hole. To my surprise, she locked her legs around me and thrust upward. Previously, she only laid there and let me fuck her, but she wasn't an eager or active participant, then. 

An utterance slipped from my lips to her ear as she humped against my shaft. 

"Oh, god!" 

I pulled most of my length out as she whimpered. 

"Yes! Fuck me hard!" 

Then I slammed it back in all the way to my balls. 

As I rocked her with each thrust, she grunted. 

"Ugh-Ahh." 

The harder I fucked her, the more she asked for it. 

"Give me more!" 

She clamped down hard on my cock as I thrust into her spasming pussy. During my last few thrusts, I felt my cock bump her cervix and knew, then and there, I was going to flood her womb. The thought made my balls tingle and my cock swelled even more. She felt it too and pulled me deep into her to firmly press my cock against her cervix. 

I felt my cum rush through my cock and spray deep inside of her. I probably yelled loud enough to get the neighbors' attention, but I didn't care. 

"I'm cumming in you!" 

First, one then a second and a third rope blasted into her eager pussy as she cried out. 

"Yes, I can feel you! Oh, god, that's so good!" 

Her pussy released and relaxed, and we were both covered with sweat from our exertions. We laid there for a few minutes as our heartbeats slowed, and we gently kissed and caressed each other. 

"We should probably head back to the house before the cops arrive." 

She grinned and kissed me as I pulled on my pants as she stuffed her panties into the bag, along with the towel, and smoothed her dress back down, but she left the buttons on the top of her dress open, so I could peek at her cleavage as we walked back. 

"I can feel your cum running down my legs." 

The walk back was punctuated with hugs, kisses, and caresses when we were between streetlights. By the time we finished the three blocks walk to her yard, we were ready for more. 

We made our way to the picnic table under a huge oak tree in the yard where we kissed and squeezed each other. As she set the bag down, I stepped behind her, cupped her breast with one hand, and cupped her mound through the dress with the other. 

Charlotte gave a sharp gasp as I rubbed her still moist mound. She turned aroun, pushed my pants down as I stepped out of the legs, leaving them on the ground, and pulled my cock out. 

"Let me taste you again!" 

She took my cock and slipped it into her mouth and gave it a couple good sucks before she turned around and raised the back of her dress and bent over the table. I lined my cock up with her gaping pussy, and she squeaked as I slid into her folds again. 

"Oh, yes! Yes! Oh...oh...oh!" 

As I grabbed her hips and moved her like a doll, her hands clawed at the table as she felt every inch of my cock slide in and out of her tight pussy. 

Charlotte pushed back hard against me and her pussy began pulsing and milking my cock just as I was feeling another climax coming. Her gasps and moans made me even more eager to cum inside of her. Once again, I flooded her pussy and when I was done, my balls ached a little. 

I finally pulled out of her, we stood, and we pulled our clothes back into place. She took my face into her hands and tenderly kissed me. 

"Thank you! I've enjoyed sex before, but tonight was the best ever! I can't wait for next time." 

As we arranged to meet again, I said. 

"I can hardly wait!" 

What I didn't tell her was that as we were putting ourselves back together at the picnic table, I saw the curtains move in Emily's bedroom window, upstairs.