 It all started with a fortune cookie. I had gotten Chinese takeaways for dinner, and with it came a fortune cookie. After finishing my sweet and sour pork, I opened the cookie to read the message. Of course, I had been expecting something generic, but I was in for quite a surprise. The message inside the fortune cookie read:

You will hurt your foot.

***

So that's how I found myself standing in front of the fortune teller's house (or Jasmine the Seer, as she called herself in the ad in the local paper). For the past week I simply couldn't take my mind off the mysterious fortune cookie I had received. I was constantly imagining pains in my foot when I thought about the fortune cookie. Whilst I normally scoffed at such notions as fortune-telling, my friend Liz had suggested that I go and see a self-proclaimed psychic. Since it couldn't hurt, I had agreed. I phoned the number given in the ad in the paper, and arranged an appointment with a young woman over the phone.

I rang the doorbell and waited. The door opened, and there was a beautiful young woman standing before me. She wore a sinister yet formfitting black cloak. Her hair was long and dark, her lips were full, and she had soft blue eyes. But what really caught my attention was her tits. They were truly enormous. Her cloak did little to hide their mountainous beauty, as valleys of deep cleavage were exposed. This wasn't what I expected a fortune teller to look like. 

"Do come in," she said. I had been staring. She gave a dazzling smile. "I'm Jasmine the Seer, and you must be Steven." She didn't look Persian. Peterborough was more likely.

"Follow me to the Room of Enlightenment," she said, and turned on her heel. Only then did I realise how truly short her cloak was. It only came to a few inches below her bum, and as she walked, her cloak rode up, and I prayed for a glimpse of her asscheeks. Although cloaks were usually very baggy garments worn by monks and the like, hers was tightly stretched around her arse. And what an arse it was. They were two round globes of perfection, clearly not constrained by any panty. I watched the sway of her cheeks as I followed her, mesmerised.

We sat down in her living room. There was a crystal ball on her coffee table.

"So what is it that you want to know, darling?" she asked me sweetly.

I gulped. There was something about her that made me nervous. It was her tits, definitely.

"Oh, you know, er, just my future. What the stars hold for me and so on."

"And do you have faith in the powers of divination and the spirits to lead you into the future?"

"Oh definitely. The spirits are like, top, you know? Yeah, I'm way into that kind of stuff."

It occurred to me that I sounded like a complete twit. Thoughts along those lines frequently occur to me when I'm talking to attractive women who I will never be able to sleep with. Although they are generally phrased more like "Oh fuck, Steven, you're really cocking this up, you stupid twat." But I try not to talk like that in regular conversations.

"Give me your palm," she instructed. I did as she told me.

She studied it intently for a minute or two. All this time I was gazing with rapt attention at her bosom. She wasn't wearing a bra either. They didn't show any sign of sagging. I watched as her breasts heaved along with her breathing.

"This is very strange," she said finally. "Unless I'm very much mistaken..."

"Is it anything to do with my foot?" I asked. She looked at me as if I was mad.

"No, not your foot," she said. "Here, drink some tea."

The tea was cold, so I gulped it down quickly. I handed her the empty cup. Jasmine inspected the leaves in the cup.

"There's no doubt about it. The two of us are going to make love."

I leapt two inches in the air. "Sorry, I thought for a moment there that you said, erm, that we should, er..."

"Make love, yes."

I was completely flustered. I opened my mouth to say something, but the beauty in front of me who apparently had already decided that we were to fornicate made speech rather difficult.

Jasmine sighed. "Your palm and tealeaves quite clearly show that we have to fornicate. I can understand that you may be morally opposed to this, but I have to warn you that trying to defy fate or the will of the spirits will only lead to great woe in both of our lives."

I was in no mood to refuse this buxom woman. Particularly when she stood up and took off her cloak, revealing her full naked beauty to me.

Her tits were nothing short of perfect. Her pussy was neatly trimmed, and it was almost a pity that her luscious thighs had to be overshadowed by her other prominent curves.

Up to that point I had been firmly rooted to my seat. I quickly jumped up and tried to tear my clothes off all at once, which is no easy task. Jasmine giggled.

"Allow me."

She took my shirt off, and then eased me back into my seat. She slowly lowered herself down to her knees. She held my gaze as she unzipped my jeans.

Her hot mouth planted kisses all over my cock. I was in pure bliss as I allowed her to wrap her lips around my cock, which was quickly growing fully erect. I grabbed a tit and gave it a good mauling. Jasmine got to work, making love to my dick with her mouth. I tweaked her nipple. She seemed intent on getting all of me into her mouth. I was in wondrous ecstasy as she gave me a proper deepthroat.

She released my cock from the heaven it had been in with a plop.

"Oh, Jasmine," I moaned.

"You can call me Jenna, darling," she said.

Although I had been disappointed when Jenna stopped blowing me, my disappointment turned to delight as she mounted me. Jenna guided my cock to her pussy. I let out an involuntary gasp as I penetrated her sex. Jenna bounced rhythmically as she impaled herself on my dong. Her tits were jiggling wondrously, even smacking me in the face. I grabbed a hold of her peachy ass and thrusted my cock deep into her pussy. I felt myself nearing the point of orgasm just as Jenna entered the ecstasy of her own orgasm. I shot wave after wave of cum deep into her pussy.

I stayed inside her as my cock slowly went limp. We lay panting in each other's arms. My head was resting on her tits. We just lay like that for a few minutes. I gave her left nipple a light bite. She giggled (if she kept this up I may end up falling for this mad woman) and got up. She read my palm again.

"It's still the same," she said. I gave her a quizzical look. "It means we'll have to carry on committing these sins of the flesh.

"You mean that we still need to do some fucking?" I asked incredulously.

"I know that this is extremely inconvenient Steven, but it is of the utmost importance that we make love regularly, preferably whenever possible. Right now would be a good time."

"I'm not too sure I'll be up for it again, Jenna, what with the orgasm I've just had." 

She pondered this for a moment. "How about if you do me up the arse?"

"Now you're talking, babe."

Jenna got down on her knees again and spat on my cock and gave it a quick sucking. "There, that should do it."

Jenna got down on her hands and knees. She stuck her bum up in the air. Now whilst I have touched on her bottom before, I should make it clear that words can't describe those two amazing globes. I needed no second invitation to position myself behind her. 

I spread her cheeks apart to stick my semi-erect cock in. "Oww," Jenna moaned. I kept on foraging, going ever deeper into her arse, with my cock stiffening along the way. Jenna breathed heavily, clearly in some pain.

"You OK?" I felt compelled to ask.

"Fuck me, Steven!" she yelled.

I was only too happy to oblige. I went slowly at first, and then gradually picked up the pace. Seeing her two asscheeks wrapped tightly around my cock was an amazing sight to behold, but even that didn't have anything on the sensational feeling I had of buggering this sex goddess. Since I had cum only recently, I was holding out a lot longer this time. She moaned in a mixture of pain and pleasure as I stuffed my cock deep into her arse. My balls slapped against her ass rhythmically. We kept on going like this for almost ten minutes. Eventually I just couldn't hold out any more, and I came inside her arse. Despite the fact that I had come recently, I still shot a large load of cum into her arse.

I extracted my now limp dick from her arse. My cum was leaking from her bottom, slowly dribbling down her thighs. Jenna turned around and licked my cock clean, unperturbed by the fact that it had just been in her arse.

"That was absolutely great," I said. "I may find myself coming around to this idea of having sex at every opportunity."

"I think that as long as we get together about twice a week for a fuck we should be okay," she said, making no effort to cover her naked beauty. I promised to call her so that we could arrange future dates.

I dressed and made my way towards the door. She accompanied me without any clothes on.

Jenna gave me a quick kiss on the lips whilst I reached up to grope a tit. If I hadn't just come twice I would have easily just fucked her again right there and then. I gave her bottom a departing squeeze as I left, reflecting on just what I lucky bastard I was.