 I still can’t believe that he went for it. It was during one of our many recent sessions of bedroom play that Rich made another hint of his desire to try swinging. Once again, I called him on it, but this time more explicitly. 

“I bet your all bluff,” I said teasingly, “You could never handle the thought of me being intimate with someone else and you know it.” 

“I don’t know,” he quickly replied, “I think I could handle it as long as it didn’t go to far and you filled me in with all the juicy details, actually, it may be kind of exciting.” 

“Get out of here,” I said jokingly,” You can’t be serious.” I replied, sensing that he had actually considered it and may have even fantasized about me having sex with another guy.

“Actually I have been thinking about it for some time now and the thought of it always turns me on. Of course you know however, that turnabout is fair play and I’m not so sure that you could handle me receiving my end of the deal”

I hesitated, he was right, I would a tough time handling the idea of him with another woman, but I was going to have to if I wanted to follow through on the fantasy that I had up til now maintained as a deeply hidden secrete. 

“What do you mean by not letting things go too far,” I asked inquisitively, testing the water to see how far I could go and still be within the boundaries of what he considered acceptable. 

“I wouldn’t want either of us to become emotionally involved or to do anything else that could hurt our relationship,” he replied. 

“So there wouldn’t be any limits on what I could do physically,” I asked, my excitement suddenly more than obvious.

“No” he quickly replied. 

“It sounds like you have given this some serious thought,” I said jokingly. 

“Yes I have and while I don’t understand why, it really makes me hot. It sounds like also like the idea and may in fact be more excited about it than I am, do you have something in mind?” 

I froze for a second, it was now or never. Rich had just given me the perfect opportunity and if I ever wanted to act upon my fantasy, I would probably never have a better chance. 

“Well, I sort of do,” I finally said in a weak tone of voice, trying to conceal my sudden bashfulness.

“Are you going tell me about it, or just sit there, I’m all ears,” he asked excitedly.

I paused for a few seconds as I tried to overcome my sudden embarrassment. There was no way out of it now. I would have to tell him.

“There’s this guy I know who has asked me out a few times, but I of course have never given into him.” 

“Really?” Rich responded inquisitively, obviously somewhat shocked over my little piece of news. “Do you like him, does he turn you on, were thinking about cheating on me or worse yet leaving me for him?”

“No way,” I quickly responded. “I told you that I never even considered going out or doing anything else with him. He simply asked me out, and yes, I do find myself physically attracted to him, but that’s as far as it goes. Now that you brought this up, I thought I would tell you about it. Perhaps this would be a good place to start experimenting with your swinging idea.” 

At last I had done it, the cat was finally out of the bag and my secrete desire at last out in the open. While still very much nervous, I felt relieved that I had finally let him in on my well concealed fantasy; a fantasy that I might add, had been secretly torturing me for weeks.

Rich suddenly became quiet as he digested and obviously considered what I said. 

“Alright,” he finally responded, “But you have to tell me everything you do, and remember, turnabout is fair play.” 

I couldn’t believe it; Rich had just given me permission to have sex with another man. At last, I was going to be able to live out my fantasy. I couldn’t wait until next time Mike asked me to meet him. I call his bluff and agree to meet him at the next opportunity. While I still had a few details to work out, I knew that it was finally going to happen. I was excited and the thought of it made me almost instantly hot. Reaching out for Rich, his huge hard-on quickly conveyed to me that he found the idea almost as exciting I did. Peeling off his underwear, I gave him the best blowjob I ever had right then and there, swallowing, his huge load in a single gulp. 

“Are you sure you wouldn’t mind me doing that to some other guy,” I asked teasingly while lying on my stomach still close to his crotch while I teasingly licked my lips. 

“Nope” he replied with a grin. 

To my delight, the excitement of our provocative conversation and erotic thoughts almost instantly restored his hard-on and my blowjob had just extended his staying power. A short time later he raised my ass in the air and pushed the entire length of his rock hard cock into my wetness with one powerful thrust before pounding away at my pussy for nearly an hour. Before the night was over, he had given me two spectacular orgasms and dumped a huge load of cum deep into my waiting cunt. 

“How about that,” I asked jokingly as he pulled his wet cock from my channel. 

“Nope,” he responded. 

Despite it being late and both of us having to get up early the next day, Rich and I made love two more times that night, each time resulting in at least one earth-shattering orgasm for me and a load of his cum in my pussy. I guess you could say that our sex life had dramatically improved overnight. I still can’t believe the profound affect that our dirty talk and our mischievous planning had on both of our libidos. I could only imagine how hot things would get when I gave him the details on what it was like getting fucked by Mike!

It was during the next afternoon that our plan would finally become a reality. I had just logged onto my computer and was checking my email when I received an instant message from Mike, asking me to join him in a private chat room. With my heart pounding, I quickly logged in and as usual, we almost immediately engaged in a session of hot cyber sex. Trying to provoke him to ask that same question he had been asking me for weeks, I told him that I would really like to see some more hot pictures of him. 


My tactic worked like a charm, in an instant, he replied with the same old line, “Why don’t you meet with me and you’ll be able to see whatever you want?” 

I hesitated as a big lump formed in my throat, wanting to respond but suddenly held back by my girlish inhibitions. Finally giving in to my deep seated desire, I typed in a simple “OK.” The effects it had on me almost made me cum on the spot. I couldn’t believe I had done it! 

Almost instantly, Mike replied with a question, “I’m in Houston, where are you.” My heart nearly jumped out of my chest, we were practically neighbors! 

“Friendswood,” I finally replied, revealing the secret that I had employed as my primary safety shield throughout our whole on line affair. 

“When and where would you like to meet,” he asked. 

“I’m not sure yet, let me get back to you on that one, why don’t you give me a call in about an hour.” 

“Sure baby,” he replied, “anything for you.” 

With that we exchanged cell phone numbers and logged out. 

Wanting to insure my safety, I decided that I would reserve a hotel room near a popular restaurant and first meet him for dinner. Only after thoroughly checking him out to make sure that he was honest and decent, would I go anywhere alone with him. I also thought it best to pick a meeting place near a major freeway, preferably away from both of our home areas; just in case something went horribly wrong and I had to escape. Driving out to I-45 and going north towards Houston to survey the area, I soon found a nice hotel that was very close to one of my favorite seafood chains. Stopping and getting the phone numbers for each, I headed back to my car, nervously punched in his phone number and hit send. He completely caught me off guard when he answered on the second ring with a big “Hello Pam.” 

Stunned by his using my name, I finally replied, “Hello Mike, its great to finally talk to you.”

“It’s great to finally hear your voice also, I have been thinking about you a lot recently. I am really glad that you finally agreed to meet me face to face. Have you decided when and where yet baby?” 

With a huge lump forming in my throat, I finally asked “How about this Friday around seven?” 

“That sounds fine but you still haven’t told me where,” he said teasingly. 

“How about Pappadeaux off of I-45 in Webster? I will reserve a table for two under my name, meet me inside.” 

“That sounds great, I am really looking forward to meeting you,” he replied, “I will see you Friday night baby, by the way; dinner is on me.” 

With my sudden onset of shock over what I had just done, I didn’t feel quite ready to venture into heavy traffic and felt like I needed to get some air. With my knees still shaky, I walked back over to the hotel, went inside and reserved a suite with a king sized bed for Friday night. Everything was in place, I thought to myself as I excitedly walked back to my car. Now all I had to do was get through two more days of agonizing waiting. As hard as I tried, I couldn’t get it out of my mind.

By the time Rich arrived at home that evening, I was so horny that I virtually attacked him. He wasn’t in the house five minutes before I had his pants down and his cock in my mouth. 

“Jesus Christ,” he said in total amazement, I’m glad to see you too but I sure wasn’t expecting this. What’s going on? Did you make a date with your mystery man or something?” 

Pulling my head back and letting go of his now rock hard cock, I replied “Yes, I set it up for Friday. If everything goes as planned and you don’t mind, I would like to spend the night with him,” I said before quickly taking his throbbing cock back into my mouth, in an attempt to cover up my sudden nervousness. 

Rich hesitated for a moment as if trying to swallow the huge piece of reality pie I had just shoved into his mouth. I almost didn’t want to move as I waited for his reply, fearing that he would suddenly change his mind or worse yet get mad at me for so acting so quickly on his fantastic deal. 

“Alright,” he finally replied, “just remember our agreement. I’ll be waiting for you here Saturday morning and I expect to hear all of the juicy details.” “And one other thing,” he added, “Be ready for some serious action on Saturday. As a matter of fact, I wouldn’t plan on doing much of anything outside of our bedroom until Sunday,” he said as a devilish grin formed on his face. 

I couldn’t believe it; he was obviously almost as excited about this as I was. Moments later he christened my tonsils with a hot and very forcefully expelled load of his manly fluid. Things couldn’t have gone any better.

I was up at the crack of dawn when Friday finally rolled around. As hard as I tried to keep myself busy that day, time seemed to move at a snails pace and my constant looking at the clock didn’t help matters any. 

To get myself looking my absolute best, I set up an early afternoon appointment with my stylist for a manicure, a pedicure and to have my hair trimmed and styled. Wanting my nails to look as sexy as possible, I had them painted the sexiest shade of red I could find. Looking at my fingers as she painted them, I shuddered when I thought about how nicely they would contrast that beautiful chocolate colored cock when I fondled it as I had in my many fantasies. Just the thought of it made me hot. 

After allowing my polish to thoroughly dry and harden under a UV light, I headed home to start getting ready for my “date”. To my surprise, Rich came home early. He said that he really couldn’t concentrate at work and finally told his boss that he didn’t feel well. The reality of his coming home was that he wanted to watch me get ready for my little outing. 

“Don’t worry” he said, “I’m not going to interfere, just go about your business as if I wasn’t here.” “In some weird way, watching you get ready to go out on a date with a stranger is part of my fantasy and very much a turn on for me.” 

I couldn’t believe my ears; Rich seemed to be getting as much into this as I was! 

As the seven o-clock hour finally drew nearer, I took a shower, shaved my legs and trimmed my dark bush into a neat little inverted triangle. Looking down at my art work, I smiled at the thought of how my pussy would look stuffed full of that gorgeous black cock. The mere thought of it made me shudder with lustful desire. 

Wanting to look as hot as I felt, I pulled a sexy white thong up over my dark bush that contrasted sharply with my tan belly and legs. I then put on my laciest low cut bra, a see-thru model which left little to the imagination. For outer garments, I decided to wear a tight fitting pair of designer jeans and my favorite red and white striped belly shirt that showed off both the figure I worked so hard to maintain and the beautiful tan I had acquired from my frequent trips to the beach on Galveston Island in my favorite bikini. With my shirt in place, I slipped in my best gold belly button ring and looked at myself in my bathroom mirror. A spontaneous devilish grin formed on my face as I got the idea to splash a palm full of my favorite perfume on my lower belly and rub it around, my hand taking it down to the level to the top of my bush. There was only one way that anyone was ever going to smell it! 

Wanting everything to go perfectly, I took extra time applying my makeup and curling my freshly trimmed shoulder-length dirty blond hair. With my hair and make-up complete, I put on some eyeliner and lip gloss before splashing a little perfume on my each side of my neck and behind my ears. Going back into my walk-in closet, I slipped on my hottest looking pair of white pumps and put on a sexy loose fitting gold anklet. Lastly, I removed my wedding rings and placed them in my dresser for safe keeping. I was finally ready to go. Wanting to check myself over one last time, I passed in front of my mirror and paused for a minute. I looked good and definitely ready for some action. I couldn’t wait to see what Rich was going to say.

“Wow!” Rich responded immediately as I emerged from the bathroom door. “You look hot!” “Are you sure you don’t want to stay here and fool around with me,” he asked jokingly. 

Although I was certain that he was joking, with that comment, I stopped and looked him straight in the eye as I asked for the last time, “Are you sure that you are ok with this,” fearing that he might suddenly change his mind but at the same time, not wanting one night of sex, as bad as I wanted it, to ruin my marriage.

“Yeah, I’m fine he said with a smile, just remember, your mine come tomorrow morning and when you get here, I expect a full and very detailed report. I just don’t know what I’m going to do until then.” 

“You’re a smart guy, I’m sure you’ll figure something out,” I said teasingly, eluding to the fact that he was almost certain to have a later visit from the infamous “Rosy Palmer”. 

With that I gave him a kiss goodbye and headed out to my long awaited rendezvous, my pussy growing wetter by the second at the mere thought of it. At last, my wildest sexual fantasy ever, was close to becoming a reality!

I arrived at the restaurant about 10 minutes early as planned and immediately proceeded to my reserved “table for two”. Minutes seemed to drag by like hours as I continually scanned the room for my “date.” 

“Just keep your cool,” I muttered to myself. “You have some homework to complete before you are going anywhere alone with this guy, even if he looks as hot as he did in the photos.” 

I had no sooner completed my cautionary thoughts when I suddenly noticed the hostess leading a very good looking black man towards my table that I immediately recognized as Mike. The photos he sent were genuine. That was certainly a good sign, I thought to myself. 

I could hardly believe it; after all this time, Mike just seconds away from my reach and looking even better than he did in the photos. I was excited, but at the same time, suddenly a little shy and nervous about being there. Was I really capable of following through on what was up ‘til now just a fantasy?

“Hello Pam,” Mike said to me with a smile as he approached my table and took my hand into his before looking directly into my eyes. “It’s a pleasure to finally meet you.” 

“It’s a pleasure to meet you also, please, have a seat,” I said, directing him to the empty chair directly across from me. 

With that, Mike and I conversed casually on into the night and before long, I began to loosen up and feel comfortable enough to proceed with my tough interview like questions. 

“Mike, excuse me for asking this next set of questions, but in this day and age, it’s something that I have to do.” 

“Go ahead,” he said politely. “I think I already know what you are going to ask and to be honest with you, I would have second thoughts myself about going any further with this if you didn’t.” 

“Ok.” I said looking down at the table. “Have you been tested for and cleared of AIDS, hepatitis and other sexually transmitted diseases. 

“Yes” he replied, I am a health professional and we vaccinate for Hep A and B and test for all of the other viruses of concern on a regular basis as part of our occupational health program. As far as the other STDs, I have never had any of them. Thank you for asking though. How about yourself?” 

“I have never had any of them either and I tested negative for HIV at my last physical.”

Besides that, I’m married and we have been up til now completely monogamous.”

“Great,” he said with smile, now that we’ve got that out of the way, I have one more question for you. 

Before he could ask, I said “Yes, I’m on the pill.” 

“Fantastic,” he said, I think that’s all the uncomfortable topics I needed to address, do you have any others?” 

Raising my brow, I shook my head “no” in response. 

“Fantastic,” he said with a smile. “Now that we’ve got that out of the way and have finished eating, what would you like to do next?” 

I sat there momentarily dazed; this was it, it was really going to happen! 

“Well,” I said shyly as a telltale blush came over my face, “I reserved us a king suite at the hotel across the street. I think there’s a bar on the first floor if you are not ready to go to our room yet, I’m fine with whatever you would like to do.”

Why don’t we just play it by ear,” he replied, handing the check and a credit card to the waiter. After paying for dinner as promised, Mike gently took me by the hand and led me outside. Each of us drove our own vehicles across the street and parked at the hotel. At last we were at our “love nest” I thought to myself. I could hardly wait to see what would happen next. 

Upon entering the hotel, Mike and I both decided that a drink or two was a good idea and proceeded into the bar hand in hand as if long term lovers. Upon taking a seat together in a private and very comfy half-moon shaped booth, we each ordered our favorite drinks and continued our casual conversation as if we were old friends. As we continued to talk, Mike worked his way over to me and eventually put his arm around my shoulder. I couldn’t believe what I was doing, suddenly feeling a little strange about nestling up against a man other than my husband.

“You seem a little tense baby,” he said rubbing my upper back and base of my neck with his strong hand. “You know you don’t have to do this if you don’t want too. I won’t be upset with you if we just hang out here for awhile and talk and then go home.” 

“I’m alright,” I quickly replied. “I have just never done anything like this before and I’m a little nervous.” 

“Relax baby, we don’t have to do anything you don’t want too.” Why don’t we get another set of drinks to go and head up to the room so I can give you a relaxing message?” 
