 Sunlight pours through the eastern window of their shared bedroom, stirring her from sleep. She groans and stretches under the white linens, wrapping herself in them and tugging them over her head. The bed smells like skin and sex from the night before, and she wishes that she were waking next to Daddy in the bed. On her days off, she doesn't set an alarm and when she looks at the clock, it reads 9:54. After stretching once more, she flips the sheets and bedspread off of her body and lays there, naked, basking in the morning sunlight. It warms her skin from head to toe, coaxing her from her grogginess and brightening the room around her. Eventually, she kicks her legs out of bed and pads off to the bathroom for her morning shower. 

The water is warm, with luxurious soaps and lavender scented shampoos. Daddy only gets the best things for her, and he picks all her scents himself. Of course, she loves all of them and loves wearing what Daddy likes even more. When she finishes washing, she steps out into the steamy bathroom, dries herself, moisturizes her skin with that same lavender scented lotion, and steps back to the bedroom to dress. 

Daddy is at work all day today, and she wonders what she'll do for the day. Certainly there are chores that need doing, laundry that needs washed, shelves that need dusted...and she really should change the bed linens after their marathon fuck last night. Though the idea of laying in their sweat and cum-soaked sheets sends a thrill up her spine. 

She tugs on a pair of shorts and a white tank top, no bra, no panties, and heads downstairs to make her morning tea. As she heats up the water, something on the table catches her eye. It's a written note, and Daddy's credit card. The script on the note is well thought out and elegantly written, which tells her it's instructions from Daddy for the day. She reads: 

Princess,

Today is your day off. I want you to take my credit card, and go to the spa down the street. I've arranged for a massage, manicure, and pedicure for you at 11:00. After, you will head to your favorite boutique and get your hair and makeup done. The girls know to expect you. Once you're pampered properly, the way you deserve, you will go into town and pick out a brand new dress to wear for me tonight. I want it red...you can decide on the rest. 

You will wear your day collar, so everyone you see knows you are Mine. 

Love always, 

Daddy

As she reads over the note two, three times, she grins and squeals with excitement! A pamper day!! Daddy hasn't allowed her a pamper day in so long! A massage, mani-pedi, new haircut, and makeup too? Plus a new dress?! Daddy must have something really special planned for after He gets home from work. The tea kettle screams from the stove top and she pours the hot water into a mug, fetching a bag of orange ginger tea to steep. She doesn't waste time drinking her tea, crunching on some granola and an apple, then scurrying upstairs to throw on something more presentable. When 10:30 rolls around, her phone rings. It's Daddy. 

"Good morning, angel." 

She grins. "Hi, Daddy." 

"Did you get my note?"

"Of course. Thank you so much! This is going to be so much fun!"

She can hear his smile in his words. "You deserve it, baby. You've worked hard the last few weeks. Daddy likes to spoil you." 

"And when Daddy gets home, I'm going to spoil you with lots of kisses...in lots of places."

He hums his appreciation for her flirting. "Do you know why I want you to get all dolled up for me, princess?"

"No, Daddy." 

He laughs once. "So I can take you out, show you off, then bring you home and fuck you up."

She gasps in a breath, her bottom lip finding its way between her teeth. 

"So make sure you do everything Daddy said, okay? Enjoy yourself." 

"Yes, Daddy."

"Good girl." 

He hangs up, and she exhales that breath finally, clutching her phone against her chest. Daddy knows just how to make her all squirmy and needy. She can feel her pussy aching already, just from the anticipation. She reached down between her legs and teased her fingers against her pussy lips, over her pants, applying gentle pressure. Grinding them into her just a little...but before she gets carried away she catches sight of the clock. Her appointment at the spa is in fifteen minutes! With a bit of disappointment, she pulls her fingers away from her pussy, fetches her purse, keys, wallet, and Daddy's credit card, and scurries out the door to her car to head out for her special pamper day. 

-----

"Good girl." 

He could practically hear her trembling with excitement through the phone before he hung up. He tossed the phone down on his desk and signed a few documents, flipped through a few pages of reports, and answered the receptionist's phone calls before he had to push back from the desk and stretch his legs. His cock had been half-hard for the last hour and it was very distracting. He'd woken up this morning ravenously horny, with his princess' naked body pressed up against him, her hair all a mess, with tiny little snores coming from her mouth as she slept. It took all of his willpower not to turn her, mount her, and make love to her all over again after their night of rough and tumble fucking. He just couldn't seem to get enough of her. He wanted his cock buried inside of her all the damned time, to feel her coil around him and give in to his every want, to hear her mewls of pleasure and cries of delight as he took her over and over again. 

Fuck. He reached down and adjusted his slacks as his cock twitched in his pants. He needed to find something else to focus on...but there wasn't much else for him to do today, until someone needed something. That hatched an idea in his head. After instructing his receptionist to hold his calls, he calmly made his way to the bathroom in his office, shutting and locking the door behind him. Immediately, his hand found its way to his rigid cock, squeezing it through his pants. He pulled out his phone and sent a message to his princess.

"Are you at the spa?"

It was only a minute before she responded. "Yes, Daddy."

"Show me you."

She knew when he told her that, he wanted to see everything. Her, from head to toe, at every angle she could manage. And she delivered - he got five photos back to back that pinged to his phone. She started with a full frontal, then a full back shot, the best that she could. Then a close up of her tits, her fingers pinching at her nipple. The next was her pussy, spread open with a finger pressed up against her clit. The last was her, bent over the massage table at the spa, with her ass spread wide open. 

As he gawked at her perfect, naked body, he pulled out his cock and began to stroke it. From base to tip, he relieved the building pressure that his cock had been holding since the moment he opened his eyes this morning. He imagined what he'd do to her after he got home. The way he'd tease and torture her perfect tits, making her nipples strain and harden to the point of near pain as he licked, sucked, and nipped at them. How he'd cover her in kisses from her neck, down her shoulders and chest, across her tummy, down to her hips and legs, and her needy cunt. He flipped to the picture of her spread open and imagined her taste, the way her flavor filled his mouth and his cock ached. He pumped it through his fist, coaxing a bead of precum to spill from the tip. 

He thought about her ass in his hands, those plump cheeks in his greedy grip as he devoured her mouth. He could kiss her for hours and hours, touch her for even longer, and fuck her for the rest of his life. Her body was so perfect, her submission was bone-deep and she was everything he ever wanted in a woman. He'd never get enough of her. 

He wandered over to the small table in the bathroom as he drew close to orgasm, then spilled his cum all over the tabletop, forcing himself to be silent as he came. This was a place of business, after all. Once his cock stopped twitching, he laid it on the edge of the table, still hard, and snapped a picture of it and the load he'd shot across the surface, sending it to his princess. 

"Do you know what you do to me, babygirl?" 

He didn't receive a response, and didn't expect to. She was likely into the beginnings of her massage, and he grinned at the idea of his cock being the first thing she saw once she was finished. He cleaned up the tabletop and his cock, straightening out his slacks and ensuring he was in proper shape before he returned to his office, where he had a message from the receptionist waiting on his phone. 

-----

She admired her nails as the beautician was finishing up the last touches on her hair. She'd chosen a pretty, pink nail polish with a matte finish on both her fingers and toes, and had an Epsom salt scrub on her feet before she finished up at the spa. The picture of Daddy's cock and spunk made her ache for him, for his touch and his cock inside of her and it was all she could think about while the stylist worked. She'd had her makeup done and, once her hair was finished, she paid and bill and left the salon, heading into town to find the perfect dress to show off for Daddy. She knew the perfect store to go to - it was one He'd taken her to more than once to pick out something pretty for a party or event. She knew the clothes here fit her well, and was familiar with one of the helpers, so it would be easy. 

After browsing for a while, she'd found two options that were both stunning. Each of them were a deep, wine red. One was floor length with a slit clear up to her thigh, and a deep V neckline. The straps were thick, and the back had a large V that exposed most her back to the air. The front had cups sewn into the design, making it easy to go without a bra. The second was a much shorter, much flirtier option that sat at her mid thighs. It was a turtleneck sleeveless dress with a cutout from her collarbone down between her breasts, giving her cleavage the perfect accentuation. The bottom hem was lined with black, as was the collar. She must have changed between both of them three times, unable to make up her mind. 

...surely Daddy wouldn't be angry if she got both. She'd found the perfect black stilettos to go with each of them. Resigning to face his wrath if he was upset, she checked out with both dresses and the shoes before she scurried home, eager to meet Daddy there. Her entire outing had taken nearly five hours, and she was ready to see what He had planned for the rest of their night. 

When she pulled in the drive, she felt a thrill in her pussy when she saw Daddy's car already there. She scampered up to the door, opened it, and stepped in. He was there to greet her, snaking a hand around her waist to tug her into him, planting a deep, hungry kiss to her lips. She hadn't even managed to get the door shut before he took her in his arms. 

When he pulled away, he smiled down at her. "Hi, baby."

She grinned back. "Hi! Wanna see what I got?"

He gave her a swat on the behind and nodded, letting her lead him to the bedroom.

-----

"Okay, so this is the first one."

He saw on the bed, slack-jawed as she stepped into his view in a delicious, deep red, floor length dress that had a slit nearly up to her hip. The V-neck accentuated her perky, delicious tits and he rose to his feet to meet her, running his finger tips up her bare spine, humming his admiration. 

"You look incredible. You've got excellent taste." 

She bit her lip and smiled, resting her hands on his chest. "You like it?"

"Mmm-hmm. Delicious. Hugs you in all the right places."

He bent into her neck, planting kisses against her soft skin, inhaling the scent she wore and she began trembling in his grip, nuzzling into his shoulder. 

"Was there anything else?" he muttered, nipping at the spot between her neck and shoulder, pulling a shiver from her. 

She nodded, but didn't move to pull away from him. She was still, letting him explore her skin, taste and tease her. 

"You gonna show me?" he asked her, his hand sneaking down to squeeze at her ass, gripping a handful of it and tugging her against him, ensuring that his hardening cock pressed up against her hip. 

"Y-Yes, Daddy." Her hand reached up to grasp at the back of his neck, holding him against her and lifting her leg to hook it around his waist, grinding her hips forward against him. 

He could feel her heat through the fabric of their clothes, the way she clung to him. Desperate. Hungry. The energy built between them as they stood like this, like a slow building fire. They rocked against one another, grinding their hips together as he slowly kissed her, lips trailing against her flesh. He reached up and pulled the straps of her dress off to the sides, letting them fall and exposing her breasts to him. 

"Maybe Daddy should help you get undressed," he growled, looking at her with a smirk. 

"O-Okay." 

With delicate fingers, he tugged the dress off of her curvaceous form, letting it heap around her ankles and those jet black stilettos. Before she stepped out of it, he ran his fingertips up the round curve of her hips, tracing her sides before moving inward, to her perky breasts. Her nipples were already straining and he hadn't even touched them yet. While holding her gaze, he licked his fingers and then teased that moisture around her nipples, making them glisten. He held them in his hands and blew on the nipples, making her hiss in a breath and shiver a bit. 

"Show me the other one," he told her, giving each nipple a hard pinch before he released her. 

Hesitating for only a moment, she nodded and stepped out of her dress, picking it up and scurrying over to the walk-in closet, hanging up the first dress and reaching for the second. Daddy's hands and mouth on her made her so damned hungry. Her pussy was already soaked - she could feel wetness on her lacy, black thong as she walked. He knew exactly how to touch her, the looks to give her, the way to speak to leave her breathless and wanting. And fuck, did she want him. 

She slipped the second dress over her head, adjusting it to sit exactly where it was supposed to to accentuate every curve and contour of her body. She zipped up the back, fluffed her hair in the mirror and wiped a bit of lipstick from the corner of her mouth before stepping back out to show him the second dress. She felt herself tighten under his predatory gaze. This dress was much shorter, giving her opportunity to show off her long, luscious legs. He grinned at her, his expression lascivious before he curled his finger towards himself, beckoning her closer. 

She stepped up in front of him, hands folded in front of her. "Do you like it, Daddy?"

"Mm-hmm...turn, let me see the back." 

She did a little spin, ensuring she moved slowly enough to show him every inch of her body. When she faced him again, he was biting his lip. 

"I can't decide, baby."

"Can't decide what?"

"Which one makes me want to fuck you more." 

With a grin, she stepped up in front of him and slowly sank down to her knees. He watched her, holding the smirk on his lips as she placed her hands on his thighs and urged them apart, scooting forward to kneel between them. She could see him straining in his pants, the outline of his cock as it pressed against the fabric, begging to be released. With trained fingers, she traced the curve of it, feeling it twitch under her touch. 

"Can I have it, Daddy?" she asked him, her voice low and husky. 

"What do you say?" 

She smirked. "Pretty please?" 

He reached and cupped the side of her cheek before rising to his feet and unbuckling the belt on his slacks, popping the button free, and sliding the zipper down. She reached up and slipped her fingertips inside the waistband, inching them down so that they fell and gathered around his ankles. He stepped free of them, kicking them off to the side. She gazed longingly at his cock, hard in his boxer-briefs, bending forward to lick at the wet spot he'd left on the fabric as the head leaked precum. 

"You taste so good," she whispered, looking up at him and licking her lips. 

Before waiting for him to respond, she hooked her fingers into the underwear and tugged them down as well, letting his cock spring free from its confines. He sighed, sounding relieved. 

"I think my cock needs some special attention, babygirl." 

She nodded and wrapped her hand around the base, wasting no time in pressing him past her lips, swirling her tongue around the length to get his taste in her mouth. She loved the way he tasted, the way he smelled. She sucked him slowly, making love to his cock with her mouth, the way she knew he loved. Her eyes looked up and found his gaze, fingertips tickling at his balls while she sucked and licked him. 

He reached up and undid the buttons on his shirt, tugging it off as she sucked him. He stood before her bare, letting her have her way with him. He knew she loved sucking him, and he couldn't get enough of her hot little mouth. He watched her, mouth slightly agape as she expertly sucked and stroked him in a slow, loving rhythm, forcing herself down on his length until it made her gag. Over and over, she took all that she could, her eyes welling with tears and a bit of drool dripping down her chin. Fuck, she was so good at that. He reached forward and gripped the back of her head, rocking his hips forward to buck into her mouth, his cockhead pushing past the curve of her throat. He gasped, holding it there. She squeezed and massaged his balls, doing her best to keep from gagging, but only being able to hold it for a few moments. The contraction of her throat around his cock made his eyes roll back. He held it there for a bit longer, feeling her tremble in his grip before he pulled back, allowing her a breath and tugging his cock free from her mouth. 

"Get on the bed, now." 

She scrambled to her feet, trying to climb onto the bed but he grabbed her arm and stopped her, taking a moment to unzip her dress and let it fall. She was clad in only a black thong and her stilettos as he pushed her back onto the bed, where she fell and instinctively spread her legs open for him. He could see the moisture on her panties, could smell her sex from here. Like a predator, he climbed onto the bed after her and settled between her legs, his face level with her pussy. He planted kisses on her inner thighs, running his nose up the hem of her panties. 

"Are you Daddy's little princess slut?" he asked her, taking the fabric between his teeth and tugging it down. 

She lifted her hips and let her panties come free. "Yes, Daddy." 

He dropped the lace into his hand and inhaled her smell, growling low in his throat before he tossed them away, settling back down between her legs. 

"Fuck, baby, you're so wet." 

She was glistening, her lips coated in nectar as he pressed his tongue against them, giving her a long lick. She inhaled sharply and whimpered, reaching down to grip handfuls of his hair. He licked her again, slow and measured as he tasted her, scooping that hot liquid into his mouth and drinking her down. She tasted so fucking good. He could eat her for hours. 

"That feels so good," she mewled, squirming on the bed while she held onto his head. 

He grinned and found her clit with his tongue, pressing against it and lapping over and over again against the little nub. She twitched and writhed under the assault, her whimpers filling the silence in the room. He stayed there for a long time, making out with her pussy in the same way he'd make out with her mouth, licking and tasting her all over before he slipped two fingers up inside of her wet slit, curling them forward while his lips suckled against her clitoris. 

"Oh fuck, Daddy!" she yelped, curling forward and tugging on his hair. 

He knew this would make her cum. He'd done it hundreds of times, pushing her to orgasm over and over with the combination of his fingers and mouth. He pumped his digits into her, stimulating her insides while his lips and tongue worked over her clit. He growled into her pussy, peeking up to watch her shiver and shake. 
