 Pam and I used to take a week's vacation every winter to escape to a warm island in the Caribbean. Our destinations varied from condos, to cruises to all-inclusive resorts. On our 13th Anniversary the trip was to Sandals Negril. And we had a little encounter with the locals there.

At about 5PM the first day at Sandals we noticed the guests at Hedonism II would parade past our resort in the surf on their way to the adjacent public beach. It happened everyday around the same time. Until the fourth day, I couldn't figure out why they did that.

Late in the afternoon on that day Pam and I decided to walk a mile down the public beach for some ice cream at the Beaches resort, a sister resort to Sandals. Pam was wearing this skimpy white crochet bikini that was at least two sizes too small. I had bought it while I was in Honolulu a couple of years earlier (I found it hanging on the men's t-shirt clearance rack in one of the ubiquitous t-shirt shops in Waikiki and bought it for $2.00), She tried it on when I got home to NJ from my trip and steadfastly refused to wear it; saying it made her look like she was asking to be fucked. I had packed it in my luggage hoping that the tropic air and erotic Jamaican ambiance might help me to persuade her to wear it. 

It turned out that that wish was to be granted. As we were getting dressed to go to Beaches, Pam complained, "After three days of seeing women sunbathing and walking around topless here, I should have brought that crochet bikini you bought for me in Hawaii. It would be considered modest here."

"I did. I was hoping to see you in it." I chimed in, got it out of my suitcase, and tossed her the bottoms. 

"Where is the top?"

"I was hoping you would join the ranks of the topless!"

"In your dreams! We are going on the public beach."

"So do the nudists. Being naked on the public beach does not seem to pose a problem."

"Not for them, maybe, but I am not prancing around the public beach topless. Don't push it or I will wear the one piece Speedo."

"Okay, I give up. Here!" I said as I tossed her the top.

Usually Pam would wear a caftan or extra large t-shirt as a cover-up for her swimsuit but for some reason on that day she was clad only in that skimpy bikini when we left Sandals on our ice cream excursion to Beaches. There weren't very many people on the public beach that Tuesday afternoon to see but I was as proud as a peacock to have my sexy wife flaunting her near perfect figure as we walked hand in hand down to Beaches. We got our ice cream and then Pam and I looked around the resort. We immediately noticed that it was very much more family oriented than sandals. There were lots of kids and teenagers in the swimming pools while the parents sunned themselves on the lounges on the private beach. 

Pam was drawing a lot of ogles from the dads and cold stares from the moms. My chest puffed out a little more knowing that I was the envy of all those dads. In I had noticed many of the teenage girls at the pools were wearing bikini's every bit as skimpy as Pam's and I wondered if the same men who were lusting after my wife, had been leering after those teenagers before we arrived. 

After about an hour at Beaches we decided to head back to our resort. On the way to Beaches the public beach had been mostly deserted, but on the way back we noticed a lot of groups of black guys milling around smoking weed. As you might imagine Pam in that crochet bikini drew a lot of attention from the guys. They would whistle and make lewd comments. Pam was starting to get scared, so she moved closer to me. We had started walking holding hands but that quickly turned to arms around each other waist. About five minutes later we passed three Jamaican guys making a white woman "airtight". I could feel Pam grip my waist even tighter.

Pam and I stopped and stared for about a minute and then we walked on. A few minutes later we were in front of a beach front bar and a steel band was playing. Pam started to bump her hip into mine in time with the island beat. Out of nowhere came a big Jamaican guy. I didn't think it funny that he totally ignored me and started to come on to Pam. "Hello pretty lady! I am Winston!"

Pam tried to ignore him but he lit up a joint and offered Pam a toke. "Pretty lady like to smoke?"

To my surprise Pam let go of my waist and took the joint between her thumb and index finger, put it in her mouth and took a long draw on it. She held her breath for a few seconds and then playfully blew the pungent smoke in my face.

Pam had told me several times that she had smoked a lot of pot during college and at various times since then with some of her friends including Jack, her dominant lover/thesis advisor just before we met. She gave me some graphic stories about how uninhibited pot made her. It was only a couple months before that we were talking about her sister, Kay and her black lovers while she was in college. I had asked Pam if she had ever had sex with a black guy. Her answer was only that she was pretty sure that she had sex with two black guys one night on a camping trip but that she didn't remember anything because she was too stoned from doing some pretty potent weed with them that night.

Pam handed the joint back to Winston and he took a long draw on it and passed it to three other guys who had gathered around Pam who by then was about 5 feet away from me. As they passed it around the big guy said to Pam and the other three guys, "Hey mon! The sexy lady like to dance. Dance for me pretty woman!"

Pam smiled and raised her hands above her head, took a wide stance, and started to sensuously sway in time to the music. With her hands in the air and her hips undulating, the two sizes too small bikini top rode up on her breasts so that the bottom elastic band barely covered her nipples. The bottom half of her breasts were out and bouncing. She seemed oblivious to her public display and had a look of pure joy on her face. Winston moved in front of her and took a position between her legs and started to dirty dance with her. He offered her another drag on the joint. I hoped that she would bolt at this but instead she ground her crotch against his shorts-covered hard black cock and took another suck on the joint. The combined effect of the joint and the Jamaican's cock rubbing on her scant bikini gusset resulted in a look I had never seen on her face before; a mix of ecstasy, curiosity and panic. They danced this way for a few minutes and then the music stopped.

Winston put his arm around Pam's shoulder. He dwarfed her petite 5' 4", 115 pound frame. He must have been at least 6'6" and was built like a pro-football linebacker. He seemed to be steering her toward the exit off the beach. He bent down and nuzzled her ear and whispered to her for what seemed like an eternity. She nodded her head a few times but then she shook her head from side to side answering no. To say that he was not pleased by her answer would be a gross understatement. His grip on her shoulder tightened and his face turned sour. He looked at the other three guys and said angrily, "The pretty lady does not want to come to our party! She smokes our weed and teases us with her sexy body but she does not want to party with us at my house. What can we do with her?"

Pam was jolted back to reality. There was terror in her eyes as the big guy moved his hand from her shoulder and pulled the string untying the neck strap on her bikini top. The top flopped down but the elastic band on the bottom still covered her nipples. This seemed to irritate him so he roughly pulled the top down and Pam was standing there with the bikini top dangling around her mid-drift and her tits on display. The Jamaican's hands immediately reached out and he grabbed both breasts and roughly pinched and twisted her nipples. She cried out in pain and a look of terror was on her face as she looked at me to save her from a fate worse than death as they used to say in the old-time movies.

When the brute released her from his grip and stepped back to feast his eyes on Pam's tits, I seized the opportunity and stepped in grabbed Pam's hand and we both started running down the beach. I expected them to run after us but they didn't. When we heard a lot of loud laughing and cat-calls behind us in the distance, we stopped running and turned around. They were standing there laughing with a number of white couples and waved at us. 

When Pam looked back she recognized that a couple of the nude white people were from Hedonism. She said, "I'll bet the Hedonism group put them up to enticing us to that party."

"Do you want to go back and go to the party?" I asked.

Pam hesitantly answered, "I don't know. It might be fun but I think things might get too wild. Whatever was in that joint was a lot more potent than anything I have ever used. It got me horny. I think we should go back to our room. I have a job for you to do once we get there."

I stared down at her still exposed nipples and commented, "Judging from how hard these are, I bet I know what that job is."

Pam looked down as though she had forgotten that her beach friend had pulled her top down. I expected her to cover up but instead she shook her tits teasing me. I reached out to tweak her nipples but she stepped back and teased me more. I noticed over her shoulder that our friends from up the beach had started to walk toward us. I said, "I think we may be getting a second chance at that party."

Pam had seen that I had been distracted from her feminine assets and looked over her shoulder and bolted toward Sandals. I followed in pursuit. Next thing we knew they were on the Sandals beach heading for our room. I looked back and saw the four black guys and their Hedo friends strolling through the surf back toward Hedonism. I also noticed that there were a lot of guys on the beach watching Pam's naked tits bouncing as she walked. 

As soon as we got in the room Pam was all over me tugging at the waist band of my swim trunks. Before I knew it, she had pushed them down over my ass and had grabbed my hard cock and used it as a handle to pull me to the king-sized bed. When we reached the bed she turned toward me put her arms around my neck and fell backward on to the bed. 

Somehow as she was falling she had managed to wrap her legs around my waist. My swim trunks still around my legs and her bikini top hanging under her tits and bikini bottom still on we began to hump each other on the bed. She reached down between us and slid the crotch of her bikini to the side and I was inside her. She was cumming as soon as I bottomed out. I lasted about 4 thrusts longer. We lay still with me on top of her for a couple of minutes.

When we had recovered, it was clear that neither of us was finished. I slid down her body and slipped her bikini bottom off and caressed her mound and nether lips. I knew that I could not touch her clitoris directly with my fingers but she loved for me to palm her entire pussy. When I did she would hump it until she was bucking out of control. My hand was in position and her body responded. In a few minutes she was screaming so loud that they must have heard her in Miami. Then she collapsed.

She was dead to the world for about 5 minutes and I watched her gorgeous breasts rise and fall with each deep breath. The dark brown nipples invited my touch and I played with them. Her eyes opened slowly and she moaned from my nipple play. I moved my hand away because normally she hated her nipples touched too hard. This time she grabbed my hand and put it back and said, "That feels so nice! Please don't stop!"

I took the nipple between my thumb and forefinger and began to pinch it very gently. "Harder! Do both at the same time!" she demanded. 

I complied and after a few minutes her body started to quiver, her hands were at her sides clutching the bed spread and her head turned from side to side. She was in the midst of what can only be described as a nipplegasm. She went quiet again and I stopped my pinching. As she started to come back to the real world she rolled over on to her belly. The sight of her naked ass made me almost instantly hard and I finally removed my swim suit and straddled her thighs with my cock pointed directly at her pussy. She looked back at me over her shoulder and said. "Oh! My favorite! Fuck me!" 

Again I complied with her request and slid my cock into her well lubricated pussy. I felt her shudder under me as the bottom of my cockhead pressed down on her G-spot. She shuddered again on the up-stroke as my cock contacted it again. On the next down stroke I stopped when the rim of my cock was at her G-spot and clenched my sphincter muscle. Doing that always makes my cock head swell about 20% bigger. Pam moaned and I held my position and clenched again. Another louder moan came from her. I clenched several more times and Pam began to shudder again then she began bucking and moaned, "Fuck me hard! Cum in me! I want your black seed in my womb!"

Hearing that I imagined that she was transfixed and her subconscious mind actually thought that it was that black guy's cock ramming her cervix not mine. I didn't disappoint her and within a few minutes, I was cumming harder than I ever did before.

We were both completely spent and lay there asleep entwined in each other arms and legs for about an hour. By the time we woke up, the dinner hours were almost over, so we threw on shorts and T-shirts, and rushed down to the Beach Bistro. Pam was curiously quiet during dinner and sat there pensively. I asked her, "A penny for your thoughts?"

She replied, "I don't want to talk about it here. I will tell you after dinner. Let's go for a walk up the beach when we're done eating."

"Okay!"

We finished what was on our mahi-mahi sandwiches and decided to forego dessert. The Beach Bistro was steps from sand. We strolled up the beach away from our room toward Hedonism and stood in the surf and looked out at the Caribbean shimmering in the moonlight. There were several young couples frolicking further from shore and quite a few couples making out on the lounges on the sand. The scene and mood was infectiously erotic so we kissed. Several nude people from Hedo were walking past us toward the public beach when Pam broke the mood, "At dinner you asked what I was thinking about. Do you still want to know?"

"You seemed distracted and maybe a little upset. If you want to tell me what had you so distracted, I would love to know."

"I was thinking about what happened on the beach this afternoon."

"Oh! Were you upset about what that guy did to you? Do you think we should report it to the police?" I interrupted jumping to that conclusion."

"No! Actually I found the whole incident exciting. What I was thinking about was what Winston whispered in my ear, when the music stopped."

"He told his friends that he asked you to come to a party at his house."

"That was only part of it. He started by asking me 'Do you like my Jamaica? Do you like the weed? Do you like my beach? Do you like the dance? Do you like my big black Jamaican cock rubbing on yur tight white pussy while we dance? Let's go to my house and dance some more! Leave your hubby here and come let me give yur pussy 28 cm of real mon.' "

I interrupted again, "Cheeky bastard! I saw you nod yes to the all the questions but his invitation."

"What is disturbing to me is that part of me wanted to go with him. The music, the pot and his big cock rubbing on my pussy had me hotter than I have been in years maybe ever. I wanted to be fucked."

"And I was the lucky guy who got to fuck you! Maybe I should thank Winston."

"Maybe you wouldn't want to thank him so much if you knew that while you fucked me, I was fantasizing that it was him I was with."

"I thought that was where your mind was when you screamed out, 'Fuck me hard! Cum in me! I want your black seed in my womb!' "

"I didn't. Did I?"

"Yes just before I started fucking you like an animal. You were a woman possessed and I did my best to please you. I hope I succeeded."

"I am sorry! I couldn't help it! I was so turned on; it must have been the pot he gave me. You must have been pissed at me when I said that."

"I was a little pissed off. Maybe that's why I fucked you harder than I ever did before. You seemed to love it."

"Yes, I did. You have never seen that side of me before. Are you shocked?"

"A little, but in a nice way. It's kind of hot that you like to be tossed around in bed like a rag-doll. So that's what you were so quiet about."

"Not exactly! I was wondering how big 28 cm. was." She said and we both began to laugh.

When we stopped laughing I answered her question, "Remembering what I learned in seventh grade science class, there are 2.54 cm in an inch. So 10 inches are 25.4 cm. 28 cm must be a tiny bit more than 11 inches."

Pam punched me in the arm, "I know that! I was wondering how all 11 inches of Winston's big black Jamaican cock would feel in my pussy. It felt wonderful rubbing on my crotch through my bikini bottoms. Does that upset you?"

When I heard that I went pale. I was standing on a beach with my loving wife and she was telling me she wanted to know how it felt to be fucked by a huge black cock. She had always said she was a serial monogamist and that she has never considered cheating on me or any of her other lovers. As far as I knew, she had always been honest with me about her past lovers and when pressed had admitted that she had had many longer cocks than me but only one or two who were thicker. This was the first time she had talked openly about wanting another man in the present or future tense. 

What made it more stressful for me was that we were only a few hundred feet from an abundance of big black Jamaican cocks. After about a minute of stunned silence, I stupidly answered her question by asking Pam the big question, "Do you really want to find out? If you do we can head over to the public beach." I added sarcastically, "Maybe our friend from this afternoon is there right now."

Pam hesitated for a long time. My anxiety heightened as I waited. I had a pain in the pit of my stomach. My mind flashed back to when I was a chubby teenager. I remembered that back then virtually every girl I loved had cheated on me, always with a better looking more forceful guy. I was feeling the same insecurity I had in the locker room in high school, where it was patently obvious that most of my classmates had longer cocks. My 5.75 inch hard-on was barely 2.5 inches when soft. Now my Pam was all but telling me she wanted to fuck a bigger cock. 

Finally, I looked at her face. She looked conflicted. She finally answered, "No! We have been warned that going to the public beach at night is not safe."

Her answer relieved my stress but only for a few minutes. As we walked hand-in-hand in the surf away from the public beach, Pam stopped and put her arms around my neck and pulled my head down for a very passionate kiss. I responded by returning the kiss and putting my hand under her t-shirt to caress her breasts. I started to palm her whole breast in a sort of massaging motion when she broke off our kiss and whispered, "Pinch my nipples hard like Winston did this afternoon."

"Are you sure? You don't like your nipples touched directly. They are too sensitive."

"Winston pinched my nipples and twisted them so hard on the beach that he almost crushed them. It hurt so bad, but when he let go they tingled. The only time they have stopped tingling since then was when you pinched them while we were making love in the room. Please pinch them."

I slid my other hand under her t-shirt and proceeded to pinched them as she had asked. She moaned. "Harder! And twist them too."

As I was following her direction, she pulled her t-shirt off and was standing topless in the moonlight for anyone who might be passing to see. I could see that tears were streaming from her eyes from the pain I was causing. At that moment I had very mixed emotions. I was repulsed that would inflict so much pain. At the same time I felt powerful and dominant. In actuality I was the submissive. Pam was the dominant! It was Pam who was demanding I inflict the pain. I was complying. 
