 This is the story of what I did for a friend while I was in Ottawa. If you've read "First Time Without Wife" you know the circumstances of how I arrived alone in Ottawa.

I met Florence on a telephone dating service. She told me that her husband treated her like a piece of furniture and didn't really pay much attention to her needs. I asked her what she wanted from a lover. 

"Someone who would love me tenderly, who would take the time to explore my entire body and to arouse me and pleasure me for me not for himself." She replied.

I told her that I might be able to help her and asked if she would place her trust in me for an afternoon. She agreed, and we made a date for noon the following Saturday.

I spent the morning preparing for her visit and making homemade spaghetti sauce and homemade garlic bread. I had sparkling wine in an ice bucket and soft music on. When she arrived at my apartment, I kissed her at the door and gave her a single white rose. I guided her to her seat and placed her meal in front of her and gave her a glass of chilled red wine.

We chatted like old friends throughout the meal, but her eyes betrayed her eagerness! I too was more than eager, but took the time to play things out. After our meal, I sat her in the living room and gave her a flute of sparkling wine. I told her that I would begin to make love to her and take all afternoon to do it. I told her that I would let her know in advance about everything that I would do for her, and to her. If she had any objections, she merely had to voice them, and I would stop whatever I was doing at the time. 

I told her that this afternoon, I would pamper her as she had never been pampered before. I would bath her, dry her and massage her, before I made love to her entire body. I told her that I would spend several hours making love to her and not enter her until she was deliriously happy, or not at all if that was her wish. I asked her if she was ready. Her voice quaked out a soft "Yes".

I went then and prepared her bath. A bath filled with scented bubbles, and luxuriously oils for softening her skin. I returned to her and told her that I was going to gently remove her cloths and place her in her bath.

I kissed her softly and slowly began to unbutton and remove her shirt and skirt. I rolled down her pantyhose. With soft butterfly kisses, I moved my mouth up her legs and onto her belly. I removed her bra and softly brushed my cheeks over her breast. She cooed as I did this. I slid my hands down the sides of her body and deftly removed her panties. 

I stood and drank in the sight of her nakedness, marvelling at the contours of her body. A deep groan escaped my throat as I took the time to view her. Kissing her hand, I guided her to her bath and placed her in it. I returned to fetch the bottle of wine and her glass. I told her that I was going to leave her there for a moment while I prepared for the next step. I told her that when I returned I would be naked. She smiled at me and said, "I can't wait to see you!"

I quickly finished the preparations in the bedroom and stripped down for her. It was her turn to groan when she saw me. We were both pleased with each other's bodies. Kneeling by the tub, I gently washed her from head to toe and back again, then rinsed her and dried her with a warm fluffy towel. 

Hand in hand, we walked into my bedroom. It was awash with the scented glow of soft candlelight. The bed was strewn with rose petals. She laughed in delight as I placed her on her stomach in the centre of the bed. She took long deep breaths, savouring the scents that wafted through the room. Taking pre-warmed scented oil into my hands, I began to massage her entire body. A soothing massage designed to relax her body. I spent half an hour massaging her back and legs. Then rolled her over onto her back and repeated the process. 

Near the end, my massage began to change, from a relaxing massage to a sensual massage. I took the time to explore her body, seeking out and finding her erogenous zones, determining what was needed to excite them...and her. I remember rolling my fingers over her glistening breasts, tweaking and pinching her nipples. Sliding my hand down the sides of her stomach, tickling and teasing her as I went. Roving over her warm inner thighs and touching her now heated centre.

I bent down then and followed the trace of my hands with my lips. For the next 20 minutes I explored her body with my mouth, tonguing, tasting and licking over every hill and valley, every nook and cranny. Finally I came to her fountainhead and pointing my tongue, delved deep into the tasty folds of her womanhood!

She squealed in pleasure as my tongue slithered deep into her cleft. I revelled in the taste as her juices gushed from deep in her body, coating my mouth and face. I spread her legs wide and began to take her lips into my mouth, biting them gently, pulling on them and scraping them with my teeth. She was ecstatic; her hips were pumping up and down forcing her cunt hard into my face as I chewed on her nether lips.

Again I changed tactics and slid my tongue along her cleft. She let out a long moan as my tongue grazed from the bottom of that slit to the top and swirled gently around her little nubbin. I pushed the folds aside and sucked her clit into my mouth, biting it, sucking it, swirling my lips and tongue around it, sending her into the throws of intense pleasure. That pleasure was so powerful; she kept pushing my face away one second and pulling my head hard into her open thighs the next!

I have know idea how long I licked and sucked at her cunt. All I know is that I thoroughly explored every millimetre of it and enjoyed an astonishing array of flavours bursting from within her body before, nearly exhausted, she pushed me away one final time!

I moved up her body and kissed her. I felt my body mold to hers as I lowered myself on top of her. My cock found her slit and slid between her warm lips, pressing along the full length of her cunt. I asked her if she was ready, if she wanted more from me. A single tear fell from her eye. She reached up and kissed me deeply. Her arms and legs wound around me. It was all the answer I needed. 

I shifted slightly and felt the tip of my prick slip into her well-prepared pussy. We moaned into each other's mouths as my cock pushed it's way deep into her belly. I felt her opening for me as in one agonizingly slow thrust, I burrowed my manhood deep into her embracing folds until my pubis bumped gently against hers!

She let out a long sigh and unlocked her legs from behind me. Taking the hint, I lifted my butt, pulling myself from inside her! She hissed loudly as her snatch sucked hard on my prick, trying to pull it back in as I gently pulled out! When only the tip was left, I let gravity reign and fell onto her body once more, pushing my hard muscle back from whence it had come! This time her moan was far more vocal!

I fucked her then ... slowly ... paying attention to every move of her body, every expression on her face, every sound she made as my body move above her. I had never made love to a woman with such intensity before, never watched a woman in her pleasure. Seen that look of pained expression mingled with pure joy in the middle of such exquisite torture! I never once entered her in quite the same way, not giving her a chance to get accustomed to my style! Each time I thought she was about to cum, she seemed to move off into another world were she held herself for a brief moment and then returned with a crash to ours! 

Then I thrust into her exceptionally hard and her whole body arched up to meet my push! Instead of collapsing back into the bed, she held herself there, balanced on her shoulders and heels! I felt her body tighten, then felt her cunt spasm repeatedly around my now still prick! She let out a long wail and just as suddenly collapsed onto the bed.

I began to move again as my own body spoke to me, urging me onwards to its own completion. It took her a moment to catch up to me but suddenly she was moving just as urgently below me. 

"Yes, yes! Oh Gawd, Yyyesss!" She cried out. "Fuck me now, fuck me hard" she begged. I slipped my elbow below her knees and bent her legs back, exposing her crotch to my assault and began to fuck her as hard and fast as I could! Her cries became louder and more vulgar as she begged me to fuck her until she cums again!

Once more her body arched upwards and she held herself still against me. Once more I stopped moving and forced myself as deep into her cunt as I could while I felt her inner muscles grasping and clenching at me! What exquisite pleasure it was to have a woman massaging ones hardon like that!

She collapsed back onto the bed and I began to move once more. I needed to cum and was worried that she wouldn't be receptive to it!  "I need to cum now," I told her "Are you ready for me?"

"Oh God yes!" she hissed "Cum with me please" she urged. 

"Tell me when" I told her "I'll hang on a long as I can!" 

Then I began to fuck her, slamming into her hips with all the force I could muster! Time and again I thrust deep into her body, only to pull out of her completely and feel the stretch of her pussy lips over my prick head as I invariably found her opening once more! I let gravity do most of the work for me, adding a little push just at the end to slam my crotch hard against hers!

The force of each thrust pushed the air from her lungs in a brief grunt as we pounded together. I felt her body begin to move to its own rhythm and forcing mine to change, I felt my nuts contract and knew I wouldn't be able to hold out much longer and then it happened!

Florence's body arched once more and she called out in a strangled voice "Now! Now!" I pumped twice more and my balls exploded! I pushed hard into her and grunted aloud that I was cumming! "I know!" she cried out "I know!"

When we had returned from our flight of ecstasy, I asked her if she had received her desire? She burrowed her face into my chest and began to cry then. I held her tight as the tensions slowly fell from her body. It would be the first of many lazy Saturday afternoons together in which I often pampered her, but she once in awhile, would pampered me.