 Pam stood at the refrigerator, trying to find something interesting to drink, something more enticing than grapefruit juice. With a sigh, she resigned herself to water.

A large cloud had moved in front of the sun, so she decided to take a break from sunbathing to get a drink. The bright, hot sun had made her skin toasty warm, and was turning it golden brown. The air conditioner made the air inside the house significantly cooler than the hot air outside. It was almost like walking into a freezer. She had been inside only a minute, and she was already shivering.

She smelled of coconuts. Her skin was covered with cocoa butter oil and she was slick and shiny like her skin was made of plastic. She filled a glass with water and drained it in one big gulp. The cold water dripped on the bare part of her chest and dribbled down between her breasts. She wiped her mouth with the back of her hand. The water felt good on her skin. She turned the empty glass upside down and sprinkled the last few drops on her chest and watched them stream over her oily skin between the mounds of her breasts. The droplets touched the bright red fabric of her bikini and soaked in instantly.

She untied the bikini top, took it off and set it on the counter. The small patches of skin where the bikini fabric covered her breasts were still a pale white. The cool air inside the house made her nipples hard points, and her breasts seemed to be a little bit bigger, somehow. She went to the bathroom and looked at herself in the full-length mirror that hung on the inside of the door.

Her long, blonde hair was pulled back in a ponytail. Her skin was smooth and lightly golden from tanning. She stepped back and examined herself from a better angle. A lot had changed since she turned eighteen. Her waist was slender and firm, and her hips flared out nicely. She looked directly at the reflection of her tits, and she was amazed. They were bigger. It had been a long time since she looked at herself so carefully, and now it was like looking at the body of a completely different person. It was not the body of a girl she was looking at, but the voluptuous body of a woman, the body she had so longed to see.

The doorbell rang and she was very disappointed that her discovery was interrupted. A grin crossed her lips when she decided to go to the door without her top and reveal her new breasts to whoever was standing on the other side.

She went to the front door and opened it, standing behind it and peeking around, just in case it was someone she knew.

It was Larry Copelli, that cute kid from science class. He was wearing baggy shorts and a clean t-shirt with a cool picture of a surfer.

"Hi," Pam said, smiling at him through the screen door.

"Hi," he said, with a brief smile. "I'm collecting for the Herald."

"How much?"

"Two dollars."

"Come in," she said. He opened the screen door and stepped into the foyer. Pam turned away to walk into the kitchen, but she made sure she gave him a good look at her bare chest before she walked away with her back to him. She glanced back over her shoulder and saw him quickly look away. She knew she had his interest completely and smiled to herself.

Out of his sight in the kitchen, she found a handful of dollars in her purse, but she came up with a clever idea and only took two dollars and stuffed the rest back in her wallet. She came through the archway of the kitchen and walked toward him with purposeful steps to make her tits jiggle even more. He was starting right at them.

"Here you go," she said, holding out the money, and he tore his eyes away from her chest.

"Thanks," he said, and took the money. He was blushing like he had been caught with his pants down.

"Sorry I don't have a tip," Pam said. "Maybe you'd like something else instead?"

"Like what?" he stammered.

She stepped closer and put her hand lightly on his crotch. He flinched and backed up a step. He already had an erection that was filling out the front of his shorts. Her strong gaze held his eyes enraptured, and his penis grew harder and thicker.

"Would a blowjob do it?" She licked her lips. She took the pen out of his hand and put it on her tit. He was trembling, but gently squeezed anyway.

"A blowjob?"

"If I suck your dick, is that a good tip?" Pam said in a soft voice like an innocent girl. It sounded so good to her she wasn't able to resist. She knew he wouldn't.

"I guess so."

"Good," she said. She pushed the door closed. He did nothing as she knelt in front of him, lifted the bottom of his t-shirt, and slowly pulled down his shorts.

"Oh my god," he whispered. She pulled down his undershorts and his young penis popped out.

Pam sighed. She was delighted to look at it. It was pink and fresh, a penis that had hardly ever been touched. She even doubted that he ever masturbated. It had a fine shape with a slight curve to the side that gave it a distinctive appearance.

As she stroked it in her hand, examining it from her knees, she felt her passion building. She was only going to blow him, but she had the strong desire for sex, and considered asking him to go to her room with her and take her on her bed, but that was not what she wanted to do with him. He would think they had a relationship or something, and she had no desire to get involved with him that way.

Then why was she sucking his cock, she asked herself as she kissed the head. Because it's something wild to do, she answered, and put the head in her mouth.

Larry sighed again and leaned back against the door. He was not too big and she could get his entire cock in her mouth. With her lips closed around the shaft she was licking around the head and bobbing her head furiously. She didn't know for sure whether he had ever experienced anything like this, but she thought it was unlikely. She put her right hand on his thigh to hold herself up and rubbed his balls with her left hand.

She decided to slow down and tease him for a little bit. She sucked it out of her mouth and looked up at him. He was looking down at her. He gulped hard, and Pam smiled. She stuck her tongue out and licked the head. Larry gasped and flinched. She put the head in her mouth again and sucked it hard, like a vacuum cleaner. With her lips squeezed tightly around the shaft, she moved her mouth down, sliding his cock all the way to the back of her mouth.

"Oh my god," he moaned, and stiffened.

Before she knew it, Pam's mouth was filled with cum. It was warm and tasted sour, but it was very brief. She swallowed it and kept sucking until he went limp. Finally, she let it fall out of her mouth and helped him pull up his shorts.

"Thanks," he said and helped her to her feet.

"Thank you," Pam said. She took the paper from under his arm and smiled at him. "See you next week."

He smiled nervously, opened the door, and was gone. Grinning, almost laughing out loud, Pam went back to the kitchen and dropped the newspaper on the counter. Not more than a minute after he was gone, she heard a familiar motorcycle in the driveway. She waited in the kitchen, still without her top. She heard the front door open and looked to see who had come in. Closing the door and looking around the room was Mr. Thorn. Pam smiled to herself and waited in the kitchen for him to find her. Finally, after searching the dining room and living room, he walked into the kitchen.

"Hello, Pam," he said, smiling innocently. He looked briefly looked directly at her bare tits. "Is your mom home?" He stopped by the counter and leaned against it.

Pam was feeling warm. She had not expected him at all, but now that he was there in front of her, she was instantly horny and ready to make it with him.

"No," Pam said. "She left an hour ago."

"I see," he said. Pam smirked, because she knew that he knew she was gone. "And you're all alone?"

"By myself," Pam nodded.

"Good." With that, he opened his pants and let his huge penis hang in the air. That was what Pam liked about him, he didn't bother with formalities, he just got right to the point. Without saying anything, she knelt in front of him, stroking his cock like a long steel pole. He had a devilish grin on his face, like the bastard he was when he knew he was in control. But Pam knew better. Her mouth was dry, caused by her excitement, but she began to lick the end of the cock. She knew better because, while she knew that Mr. Thorn believed he was using her for his pleasuring, she, in fact, was using him, and the monstrous cock she held between her lips, for her own sexual pleasure. She knew he had no concept of this, and it turned her on to pretend to be his toy when it was actually just his cock which was the sexual toy. Inside, Pam laughed, because Mr. Thorn was not as smart as he believed himself to be.

Standing akimbo, his hands on his hips, leaning against the counter, relaxing while she slid the thick shaft into her mouth over her tongue, a long blowjob if he made it so, was his way of making himself feel young and cool, like one of the kids. He was mare than twenty years older than Pam, and his body was beginning to show the age. The paunch of his middle did not make him sexier than he probably was if she had known him this way ten or twenty years earlier, but this did not matter much to either of them.

Pam was sucking him in earnest, letting him know she wanted him the only way he understood. She sucked him deep, letting the head brush the back of her throat, but she never took him deeper. Both of them were happy with a good suck.

Pam's technique went like this: She very, very slowly drew his penis into her mouth, letting it glide across her wet tongue like it was a cushion. When it touched the back of her throat she gagged a little, because he liked that, and closed her lips tightly around his shaft, letting her teeth very lightly sink into it and graze the skin, but only for a moment. If she had lipstick on, which he also liked, especially if it was bright red, she would leave a small streak as a sign or reminder that she had put her mouth there. She then subtly sucked in her cheeks, and, still holding him firmly with her lips, withdrew his penis until the head was smothered in her lips. She did this a few times slowly, a few times quickly, then simply spent some time lavishing his cock with licks and kisses.

Mr. Thorn pulled it out of her mouth and she stood up. "Rub it on your pussy," he said. His cock hung in front of him, shiny with her saliva, and he watched her while she pulled down her bikini bottoms. They were soaked at the crotch. She let them hang around one ankle, took the cock in her left hand and raised it to her crotch. Spreading her legs around his, she moved closer to him and pressed the wet rod to her wet pussy. She was so turned on she nearly drooled with pleasure. Her hips swayed back and forth, rubbing the shaft along her crotch. The juice from her cunt covered the shaft and her hand and was running down the inside of her thigh.

He grabbed her by her shoulders and planted his lips on her mouth, plunging his tongue into her mouth like a diver into a pool. It muffled a small cry of surprise from her, but she was only startled, and passionately sucked his tongue. She turned the head of the cock up towards the tiny opening of her vagina, let the huge, red head pierce her, and settled onto it, feeling every thick inch slide into her body, way up inside her. His hands slid off her shoulders, down her slim sides, to her hips, and he pulled her closer, pushing the cock even deeper. Pam put her arms around his neck and squeezed her thighs tightly on his hips.

She began to grind her hips while he held them firmly in his powerful hands. The tight fit of her cunt on his pole, like a piston in a cylinder, was enough to make her squirm, which she did, peeling her mouth away from his to groan out loud and gasp for breath.

"Oh, yes," she cried, squirming on his cock like a snake. He began to pump his hips. He wrapped an arm around her waist so that he could have a hand free to squeeze her tits. He lowered his head and took one of her nipples between his teeth. He bit her and she screamed. She didn't stop writhing. The light nip left red marks on her breast. He sucked her nipple.

That much stimulation made her orgasm. Her body quickly climbed to a peak and stayed there. In her hands she clenched fistfuls of his shirt, pulling him desperately and thrashing uncontrollably while she screamed and moaned at the top of her lungs, and her eyes fluttered open and squeezed closed alternately. She was aware of what she was feeling, but not of what was happening to her.

After streams of pleasure poured through her body for what felt like more than a week, she eventually came down from the peak, although her body stayed on an orgasm high, and actually continued to orgasm. Her breathing was deep and raspy and her whole body was feverishly hot.

She blinked twice and looked at Mr. Thorn. His forehead was wet with perspiration and he was still twisting his hips. After another moment she realized that he had cum, and her womb felt filled with a thick, warm liquid. With so much penis inside her, there wasn't much room for any sperm, and she knew that Mr. Thorn gave up a lot of sperm when he came.

She unclenched his shirt and studied him in surprise, because he had never cum like this, so soon and on the first penetration. He usually waited until they had boffed for about half an hour and changed positions a few times before he dumped his load somewhere inside her body. She expected him to cum, of course, but not so soon. She began to worry a little bit because she wanted, needed, to cum again, and he was already spent. Would he leave? Had he had enough? Or would he keep it up and do it to her again?

He finally stopped his hips. His penis was not stiff, but it wasn't going soft. Her body, especially her groin, still tingled. She kissed him again, having no desire to let him take his penis out.

He pushed her way. "Don't leave without fucking me again," she whispered. With a slurping sound his penis came out of her cunt, and with it, she felt a ton of cum. The head of his cock popped out like a cork out of a bottle, and it felt to her like all of his cum poured out of her. She felt a lot of it running down her legs and some dripped on the floor. She looked down at his cock and it was coated, shiny like a varnished wooden pole. She wrapped her hand around it, found it was sticky, and frigged it slowly. It was firm, but more like rubber than steel. She wondered if he would be able to cum again, or even if he planned to.

Pam dropped to her knees and quickly took the cock into her mouth again. She licked away the coating of his cum and her cum, held the shaft in both hands, and sucked the head furiously. To her joy, by swirling her tongue on the hot skin, she felt it stiffen, slowly, back to its steel-like hardness. She had turned him on. She noticed he was moving his foot around between her legs and then felt his boot moving up the inside of her thigh. He raised his foot and pressed the top of his tan leather boot to her pussy. Pam moaned out, holding the cock in her mouth, and arched her back in and rubbed her pussy on his boot. He pressed harder. She moaned louder and arched her back farther. She took the cock out of her mouth and held it against her cheek because she was breathing so hard, and twisted her hips to keep her cunt rubbing against the boot.

Holding her head, he made her put the prick back in her mouth. She opened up, anxious to take it in. As soon as it touched her tongue she wrapped her lips around it and began bobbing her head. Her slobbering saliva drooled all over his shaft and all over her face.

Suddenly he grabbed her head in both hands and hammered his cock to the back of her mouth, trying to force it down her throat. She had no choice but to swallow him, or he would choke her with it. She struggled, trying to push him away, but he was too strong for her and the cock, forcing its way past her teeth, stifled her cries in her throat. He was relentless. She would have been happy to let him fuck her mouth, but she wasn't prepared for this, and she didn't have enough air to breathe.

Her nose was flattened against his hard, flexed stomach muscles, her lips were buried in his pubic hair and his balls slapped against her chin. Every inch of his huge cock was shoved down her throat. He held her head tightly, pressing her face into his groin, and bucked his hips erratically. Her mouth was open as wide as it would go to get around the base of his prick.

She felt that she was attached to his groin by her face. She felt that they were fixed together, but he was suffocating her. She continued to try to cry out, but they were still just stifled moans.

He thrusted unrelentlessly. All Pam could do was hold on and hope he either came or let up before she passed out and died. Suddenly, finally, he stopped and quickly withdrew his cock. Pam had almost turned blue, and collapsed at his feet, gasping for air and coughing.

"Jesus," she coughed, and that was all she said. He stood over her without conviction for her condition. She realized that this was what turned him on. She really wanted him to fuck her, but she knew he wouldn't do anything until she sucked him off. She made herself get up, back to her knees again. She looked up to his face and tried to read what he was thinking, but she couldn't see anything.

She opened her mouth and let him put the cock's head in. He put his hands around the back of her head again, and, slowly this time, sunk the prick into her mouth, all the way down her throat. When it was completely inside her and her face was pressed into her groin, he began to grind his hips.

Pam could do nothing else but let him fuck her this way. With the cock lodged in her throat she couldn't move her jaw or her tongue or lips. He did all the fucking, he got all the pleasure, and she knew this meant he wasn't going to fuck her.

It only took him a few moments, a few good, firm pumps and one long squeeze, before he spewed his sticky seed way down in her esophagus. The pulsing of his cock was visible on her neck, making it bulge out grotesquely every time it throbbed. The impression was very pleasing to Pam, as was the sensation of the warm sperm coating her throat.

He released her head from his tight grip and patted her on top. Pam was sweating. She relaxed, stroking the cock a few times in her throat, hoping to keep him up so he might put it up her cunt again. However, it definitely began to go soft on her. She pulled back, drawing the cock from her throat. Finally, with just the head in her mouth, she licked up the last drops of cum from the tip and stood up.

He squeezed her bare breast. "I knew you could do it," he said. She turned away and looked for her bikini. She checked the strings and found that one of them had been torn. "How come you never did it before?"

Pam put the bikini back on. "Because you're too big," she said. She hauled up her wet bottoms and they stuck to her wet crotch. His cum was drying on the insides of her thighs. She noticed that he didn't dispute her regarding his size. Some of his cum was still squishing inside her and she still wanted his rigidness there. She adjusted the gluey panties.

"I knew you'd be good at that," he said, and zipped his pants up.

Pam chuckled and turned to him. "You know me better than I thought you did."

He started toward the front door. "I know a lot more than you think I do." Without saying anything more, he walked out. She heard his motorcycle start, and he was gone. But he would be back, she knew he would. She headed up the stairs to take a shower.