 After feasting deliciously on her rosy lips and smooth sweet tongue Kiran parted his lips away from Deepika's. This was so overwhelming for her that even after the kiss ended it's sweet taste was lingering on her lips, her body and most important her soul. 

Due to over excitement she closed her eyes tight. Finally she came to senses when the words were whispered by her husband in her ears.

"I must have done a lot of good deeds in my past life, that I have got a wonderful partner like you". 

He kissed her forehead, her eyes both cheeks and on lips again and again. It seems like that he could never get enough of them. Both the partners in love were now under purest and strongest influence of love, lust and an excitement.

Just before Deepika thought he was going to penetrate her, out of the blue without warning Kiran cast off the bedsheet covering their modesty and nudity. He carried his wife away from bed and made her stand facing him in her birthday suit, save for the waist chain. 

Now they both were looking, admiring and craving at each others' nude bodies in the dim bedroom light. By the looks in his eyes Deepika concluded that the foreplay will be lasting really, really long.

"I am not going to let you off so easy" whispered Kiran in his wife's ears poking her pussy with his index finger and nibbled her ear in retaliation for assaulting his ears. Deepika gasped and closed her eyes again.

He further dragged her enchanted body in front of their full view bedroom mirror.

He said "Open your eyes and see how beautiful couple we are my dear."

Deepika's face turned red with embarrassment and excitement when she saw image of her nude body entangled by her life partner in the mirror. 

Kiran moved behind Deepika's back. He gently kissed her collarbone and its deep cavity tightening his hold on her boobs. He gently moved downwards slobbering her back with very small but numerous wet kisses. He kissed her curvy waist. Kissing her both Dimples of Venus and finally he did the unexpected . He dug his sharp teeth on her left buttock. 

"What the hell?" Deepika screamed, but he quickly covered her mouth with palm and bit another butt too. She squealed again from her closed mouth.

"Are you out of your fucking mind?" Deepika complained, "It fucking hurts."

"But your wet pussy is telling other story!" Kiran replied .

Deepika sighed. As matter of fact she did enjoyed it. But she was not yet ready for too rough lovemaking yet. She yearned for more soft love.

"I know you are very much excited as I am but can be behave like humans?" Deepika pleaded to her husband. 

"Sorry if I was too hard. I really got carried away. Let's take things little slowly" Kiran apologised and gently cuddled her and again placed her on their bed.

And for retribution for his mistake he softly cuddled her contours of her ass to minimize the pain. Then he started kissing her whole body. Starting from her forehead, cheeks and lips; he pressed, licked and nibbled her breasts with his lips, teased her nipples overcoming the temptation to bite them, he further kissed cleavage, belly, navel and waist. 

Then looking at Deepika with lusty and mischievous manner, Kiran suddenly darted his tongue deep inside her smooth pussy!

"Oh God!! Oh Fuck!!" Deepika screamed on top of her voice by the sudden assault on her pussy. This was first time in their married life Kiran went down on her! 

Taking advantage of Deepika's arousal Kiran parted her legs and started stroking her pussy deeply with his tongue. Deepika could say nothing but moan. She again closed her eyes and started making guttural sounds.

"That feels so, so good, what stopped you from doing this to me earlier?" Deepika finally gathered the words to express her gratitude to her husband for introduce her to the pleasures oral sex. Strong waves of lust hit her mind and body .

Without reply Kiran continued licking and fingering heavenly nectar from her nethers. Finally he moved away just in nick of time when he felt her pussy is gushing.

"Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!" Deepika screamed at top of her voice as body convulsed, and arched slowly. She clenched her husband really hard to stop her world from spinning.

It took a long time but finally she came out of sexual trance of the explosive orgasm. 

She was too overwhelmed too utter a word. Her eyes were shedding tears of exhilaration. Kiran silently went to bathroom came back with warm towel and wiped her pussy clean. With great skill he also changed the wet bedsheet without disturbing his wife.

"Now the real show begins" Kiran whispered in her ears. Deepika's body had goosebumps as soon she heard this.

"Not until I repay you" Deepika replied and kissed his erect manhood. She rolled back the foreskin and liked his slit. Kiran shuddered as his dick twitched and he thought he may explode in her mouth. But he controlled himself. After licking and drenching his cock completely with her saliva, Deepika caught his manhood applied lube on it vigorously and guided it in her love tunnel.

"Ah" she gasped as Kiran's warm wet dick entered her warm and wet love hole. 

Kiran cuddled her tight and said, " This may hurt a little Please let me know if you have any discomfort."

He further pushed, overcoming the weak resistance offered by her vaginal wall which was already moist. Deepika sighed again. Slowly her vaginal lips relaxed. After confirming the accommodation Kiran started pumping her pussy. 

To Deepika each stroke of Kiran's cock on her pussy felt like a bolt of lightning. Soon the storm in her nethers receded and it got replaced by torrential rain of love and lust.

It has been very long time in her life Deepika had ever experienced what it was like to feel a cock opening her cunt and stretching her cunt and full from the inside her cunt. Despite her cunt filled with juice it was painful for her. The truth was that she was definitely turned on, and her cunt overflowing with juices, the size of my cock did hurt her. 

She cried in pain and said, "You are hurting me Kiran, Please be gentle."

Kiran's cock stretched her pussy to the utmost limits. In the next few attempts his cock slowly inch by inch got into her touching the bottom of her cunt.

Kiran kept his cock still without moving. Deepika's cunt was completely now filled with his cock. Her hand was on his cock which remained outside. She raised her bottom slightly to take more of his cock into her cunt. Her cunt muscles were gripping his cock tightly like a fist. She was tightly encircling and gripping Kiran's cock as if she wanted to take all of her lover into her. 

Kiran looked into her eyes. She wanted more. Her cunt muscles opened up, stretched by the size of his cock, and her hands on Kiran's hips were pressing him more into her. He took her breasts into his hands and fondled them. It was a moment of unison, of their bodies and souls.

"It feels like your cock will split me in two. I feel your cock in my womb!" she stammered. She slowly turned to look in the mirror across from the bed behind her. What she saw horrified her. Her cunt was stretched wide open by her hubby's cock. There was at least half of Kiran's cock still out of her cunt. "Oh, God it feels like I'm a virgin getting fucked. "she whispered.

Kiran looked down in front of him. Her pussy juices had traveled down my cock and were staining the sheets yet again.

Kiran ooked into Deepika's eyes keeping his cock still to enjoy the feeling, He was not in a hurry. He wanted her to feel and enjoy his cock. Slowly I slid back and forth. 

"I want to fill you and feel you really hard Deepika", Kiran took his cock out to the knob and entered her again to the bottom.

He settled down to a steady, relentless rhythm, fucking her straight and hard.

She said, "Love me, fuck me, deeper, more and more". She urged to Kiran as his cock was going in and withdrawing to the tip and then sliding into her cunt slowly and steadily. Kiran could feel her cunt muscles opening every time his cock going in her deep grotto.

Deepika was moaning, and said, '"Oh, my love, fuck me, fuck your wife, my darling, fuck me hard". "Tear me apart. I need it. I have been waiting and hungry for so long to take your cock. Give it to me all the way in." She was repeating the words again and again, cooing and crying loud, while moving bottom up to meet each of my strokes. Her pussy juices were flowing out running down Kiran's cock and his balls were now soaking wet.

Kiran lifted and placed both her legs on both sides his shoulders, slightly lifted her ass just off the bed, re-entered her cunt and fucked her slowly, steadily and rhythmically deeper and deeper. 

He whispered, "Darling, You are my sexy bitch and your cunt is like a heaven, and you need to be fucked by me." 

He fucked fast with all his energy digging into her deeper and deeper opening her cunt with each stroke with more and more energetic thrusts. 

She was making husky and horny sounds, cooing and groaning very loud with pleasure.

Deepika was thrusting upwards raising her arse with equal vigor and enthusiasm making erotic sounds. She was like a bitch in heat now. She wanted Kiran's cock in her. 

Their bodies with each stroke were trying to unite with each other, attempting to unite, to become one, to achieve oneness. It was a beautiful unique and ultimate expression of love and desire between man and woman and their souls to become one and achieve oneness.

Her hands around her husband , her legs spread wide, her cunt inviting and receiving Kiran's cock each time. Kiran was digging and rotating his cock in her cunt making it bigger and wider, as a thick iron crowbar rod digging and deepening into rain drenched soft earth, taking his massive hard cock out and sending back with more vigorous force and rotating in circular motion to make her cunt wider and deeper. 

After few minutes her hips began to rise and fall with Kiran in harmonious perfect rhythm and made undulating circular movements that quickened and heaved, and she began to emit throaty erotic exciting orgasmic sounds. 

She squirmed and moaned as Kiran pulled almost all of the way out and then thrust back in to hilt with full force again and again rapidly gaining speed.

The rhythm became faster and faster as Kiran placed his hands under her ass cheeks bringing his cock into her cunt deeper thrust to the hilt. As he fucked deeper with more forceful thrusts, digging and rotating in her cunt holding her arse cheeks, she came violently crying a loud as if a simmering volcano erupted, as if an earthquake occurred and shook her, her whole body in frenzied uncontrollable spasms and she dug her finger nails deep into his back scratching wildly drawing out blood. 

Her orgasm was visible in her reaction of complete abandon, her legs and pussy tightening around Kiran in a squiring movement. She moved back and forth, up and down and wiggled tighter and tighter. She screamed and moaned with absolute pure pleasure and it was more than obvious that she was having a great time. 

Kiran pumped mindlessly faster and faster deep into Deepika's cunt. He kept his cock rooted in her cunt without moving and her cunt muscles gripping, releasing and squeezing his cock like a fist, repeatedly.

Kiran then massaged his wife's clitoris slowly until she lifted her hips and came again. Deepika's body was shaking in a frenzied motion sweating profusely. Keeping his cock still in her cunt, he massaged her cunt and clit smoothly and she had three more consecutive endless orgasms. 

She came as if all her pores opened up and juices coming out of her body crying out loud like a wild animal. Her muscles of her pussy contracted. Her uterus was undergoing rhythmic contraction.

Kiran kept on fucking her more and digging into her cum filled cunt. He fucked on with all his energy continuously and finally he was ready.

After long fucking, he could not control anymore and came very big. I said "Oh God!, Deepikaaaa", as he ejaculated thick loads of sperm into her cunt, pouring his thick hot sperm filling her cunt. 

Suddenly her fingers dug into his shoulders and she was ready again. She was orgasmic phase again and experienced multiple orgasms. 

Finally they both came together in unison and in a harmonious motion. She surrendered to orgasm as her entire body contracted and convulsed in frenzied movements. She cried out very loud with joy and her fingernails dug deeper and deeper scratching his back violently, drawing blood profusely. Her fingers dug in deeply drawing blood.

She squeezed all his juices with her cunt contracting muscles. All his thick sperm juices drained to the last drop filling her cunt. Kiran laid with his head between her breasts and her fingers played with his mussed hair. 

It was an extensively exhaustive intense and exhausting orgasm for both of them. She almost went into a trance. She experienced cervical orgasms which is so different from clitoral orgasm. Her body slowly returned to its normal level of functioning, and swelled and erect body parts returned to their previous size and color and felt a sense of well-being, satisfaction, enhanced intimacy and fatigue and closed her eyes.

When she opened her eyes, Kiran looked into her eyes and saw her blushing. Her blushing, feeling shy at that moment was amazingly beautiful to see. It was the shyness a woman feels naturally, after being fucked thoroughly to orgasm and submitted her body and herself completely to her man. She kissed all over Kiran's face. Her eyes and face were glowing with contentment and satisfaction. 

She looked at her life partner with love, devotion and submission and said, "Oh! darling, You have shown me heaven."

Kiran replied, "It was astoundingly beautiful and lovely pleasurable experience for me too dear".

They laid side by side, cuddling, her face buried on her husband's chest, his hands around her, until their satiated bodies gradually returned to normality.

Deepika saw the scratches and blood marks on Kiran's back smothering and quipped, "Did I hurt you? I did not know What I was doing at that time. I was clutching at you not aware that I was scratching you so deep".

Kiran replied "Yes sweetheart. But It was a pleasurable pain. It is Ok. 

Deepika sighed, "Kiran, you made me do it. I could not control and I was lost in abandoned pleasure. My whole body was experiencing violent spasms. I was in space and I had to hold on to you". 

Kiran replied, "The greatest feeling of pure sex. You have just enjoyed it! You just experienced a full-body orgasm, the most enjoyable really good extended long and multiple orgasm. And don't worry about wounds they will heal in mean time." Kiran smiled so did Deepika and again deep kissed each other.

Their erotic session ended as Deepika walked naked to the bathroom, her long hair covering her back, Kiran watched her bouncing hips moving in rhythm provocatively in harmonious motion with her flowing thigh length cascading loose hair on her back.

Epilogue: Kiran and Deepika's erotic adventures concluded in success two months later. When she missed her period and the doctor confirmed. As soon as Kiran will be called for duty he has planned to send Deepika at her mother's home. He has also applied for leave in advance to attend her delivery. The couple is now happy and pregnant.