 Aaron yawned and sat up, sighing. Walking out of his room, he saw a few boxers sitting around, remembering that his new roommate had just moved in last night. He headed to the kitchen, peeking at a few of her belongings in opened boxes. Claire was in the somewhat small kitchen eating a bowl of cereal. She had only been awake for a few minutes and was somewhat disheveled.

Aaron took a seat opposite her on the small island, getting some coffee ready and rubbing his eyes. "Morning," he muttered, raising his arms to stretch. She mumbled something that sounded like "morning" but he couldn't quite tell what she said. He raised his eyebrow at her mumble but shrugged it off. "Any plans, apart from unpacking?" he asked, pouring a mug full of coffee before offering the pot to Claire. Gratefully, she took the pot and poured herself a cup. "Not really. Got a lot of stuff to go through and figure out where it goes."

Aaron nodded and yawned again, taking another long sip, "Need a hand?" he offered, feeling a little sticky in the hot weather.

"That'd be awesome, actually." Claire finished up her cereal, putting the bowl in the sink. She headed back into the living room, where boxes were stacked around the couch. Aaron followed her in and groaned in the heat. Not thinking much about it, he took off his shirt and tossed it onto the couch for the time being, "So what first?"

Not noticing his shirtlessness, Claire grabbed the box closest to her and opened it up. Inside is a bunch of clothing. "I'm going to go put this stuff in drawers. You can grab anything, just don't go through the one with the red tape."

Aaron nodded, getting a little curious as to what was in the box he was told not to look through. He started opening the bigger boxers first, tempted to make a slit in the forbidden box to take a peek. The box he opened first mostly has silverware like forks and knives. There are also some plates. Moving the box, he noticed the handles on the sides of the box with red tape fold out. He could probably look inside and Claire would never know...

He took out the items she'd likely use and not need in the box. He bit his lip and peered into the box with red tape quickly, hoping she didn't see yet.

Aaron saw a stack of papers and some objects, but it's not well illuminated so he couldn't see what the objects are. As he was about to close the handle, one of the pages flutters out through it. He took the paper before it falls and glimpse over it, seeing what it is and get some sort of idea about what Claire was hiding.

It seems to be mostly romantic, sappy stuff. He shrugged and flipped it over, but before he put it back, he noticed the...colorful language on the back. It's porn. And from the writing style (which he recognized from the emails we exchanged before we became roommates), it seems that it is her writing.

Aaron couldn't help but read over her work, surprised at what he found, swallowing a little when imagining what was going through her mind when she wrote this. Hearing Claire's footsteps coming back in, he tried to put it back quickly but it's too late, and he can't explain the situation at the moment, shocked by what he found.

There's an awkward silence. Finally, after about 30 seconds (which seems so much longer) Claire spoke. "Do...do you like it?"

Aaron bit his lip and nodded as he put it back. "It's really good... didn't mean to look, it was actually already open and one page flew out." I explain and laugh a little, "So... um... from experience?" he asked, doubting it, but also seeing that Claire was quite beautiful.

She laughed. "Nope. Though that's not for lack of trying." After a second, she added, "Would you like to read the rest of it?"

He smiled and sat on the couch, carrying the box with him. "Maybe the author can read it out? It's only fitting right?" he said, smiling over at her, trying to make out the objects as well.

"Sure," she said, smiling.

They sat down on the couch. Claire opened up the box. Inside is more sexual stuff. On top there's some stuff like vibrators, dildos, vibrating dildos, and the like. Beneath that is stuff that's more out there. Like gags, ropes, and restraints. And under that seems to be some hard drives. Which are probably full of more porn. Claire pulled out some more of the pages inside. "Do you want to hear the whole thing or should I skip to the good stuff?" Aaron didn't say anything, but glanced up at Claire. He didn't expect her to be so into pornographic stuff and bondage, but in a way it was incredibly sexy. He looked at her and laughed softly. "Mmm, the good stuff," he said, tempted to pull her on top of him for this reading. Claire brushed back her hair as I flip through the pages. "There's a lot of filler. Character development. Frankly, I'm kind of glad that you didn't ask me to read the whole thing."

Roughly a third of the way through the pages, she stopped flipping. "Here we go." He laughed softly and turned to face her as she got ready to finally start reading her special brand of porn. "Makes sense, I doubt the first page would be, 'He slammed into her as she moaned out, ready to cum.' Huh?" he teased.

She giggled. "Yeah. People tend to get more into it when there's actual characters and not just faceless genitals smashing together." Claire looked through the page before stopping on one of the lines. "Alright. ahem"

Aaron got ready to listen to her story, but can't help wondering if she wrote this using her toys, the thought trailing on to much more dirtier images that he wouldn't want to share with her right now.

The page is a colorful description of two women, who he assumed he would have gotten to know in the first third of the story, having sex. One of them seems to be more reluctant than the other, while the other is tied up and awaiting her 'reward.' "It makes more sense if you read the other part." At some point, the two women swap positions, and during this lull Aaron noticed a look in her eyes, wondering how much of this actually is turning her on, despite it being just a fictional sex scene. He could almost picture two women, but the image was interrupted as he got curious. "You know, I'm not a close minded guy... I won't judge if you need to use props." I tease you quietly.

Claire couldn't help but notice he had an erection. And anyone could tell how horny she was. "Yeah, I think I will. Let me just grab it." She started to pull on his pants. "It's just under here."

Aaron gasped, but decided to let her carry on. He bit his lip, wanting to actually see what she had in store for him. "Mmm, getting inspiration? I'm happy to be your muse."

"Yeah...I'm starting to have some ideas." She grinned as she managed to get your pants off. He kicked them away, and did the same with his underwear. He raised his hips and pulled them down, his erection free and taking a hold of her clothing. "I only work with equals... time to live out a fantasy..." Claire helped out by stripping down to her underwear. There was an enormous wet spot on her panties. "Mmmm." She took his cock in her hands, stroking a few times before lowering her head and putting it in her mouth. Aaron gasped and moaned as he watched her, deciding to tease her as he took a dildo from her box and looked at it. "My competition, huh? Or maybe a friend to use in you," he teased, wanting to do more to her wet spot once he got his hands there.

Claire sat up briefly. "Let's call him a friend." She repositioned herself so that he could easily access her crotch. Aaron took the dildo, teasing her with it, rubbing it along the wet spot. She let out a moan, and involuntarily her hips thrust backwards towards the object. She lowered her head back down and took his cock back in her mouth. Aaron sighed again, tugging at her panties and quickly getting them off her body. He ran the dildo along the length of her incredibly wet pussy before pushing it inside of her. (He'd also grabbed some lube from the box, but it seemed that it wasn't necessary.) Claire lifted her head from his dick briefly, saying "fuck yes" before arching her back and jacking him off with her hands while he thrust the dildo in and out of her.

After a couple minutes of this, Claire's moans started to get higher and higher pitched. "Oh yeah, right there...oh fuck...oh fuck fuck aaaaAAAAAAA!!"

A spurt of clear liquid came out of her pussy as she orgasmed. Aaron could feel her abdominal muscles clenching through the dildo. He pulled it out of her, with a small popping noise.

She lay back on him, panting, and turned to kiss him. They made out passionately for a few minutes before she pulled back.

"Hey," she said. "Do you want to use some of that equipment in the box?"

Several minutes later, everything was set up. Claire was tied to her bed, completely immobile. She looked up at Aaron, who was putting a condom on. "Ready?" she asked.

Aaron slid the latex down the length of his shaft. "Ready," he replied. He couldn't remember ever being so hard. He poured a bit of lubricant on his first two fingers and pushed them inside her, partly to lubricate her insides and partly to taunt Claire. She groaned and pushed against her restraints, but it wasn't any use. She was completely tied up. He pulled his fingers out of her and pushed his length into her. She let out a yelp, but then that became a moan of pleasure. "Fuck, yes, please," she panted in time with his thrusts. Aaron hadn't orgasmed earlier and was already on the edge. Luckily it seemed like Claire was as well. Their labored breathing was in sync as Aaron rhythmically pushed himself in and out of Claire. It didn't take long before Claire's yelps made it obvious that she was going to come soon, and Aaron could tell from the warming sensation in his cock that he was going to as well. With one final, fiery thrust, Claire screamed and came, and the clenching of her pussy walls on his cock sent Aaron into an incredibly strong orgasm.

Later, the two of them were lying on the bed naked, watching a cheesy movie together under the covers.

"Hey," Claire said. "We should do that again sometime."

Aaron nodded. "I'd like that."

With a mischievous smile, Claire looked at him. "There's still stuff in that box you haven't seen yet."