 Sara comes in the front door after her morning run, she is dressed in her running gear which consists of a tight black pair of running shorts and a lovely purple tank top that is barely able to hold her breasts in place. She is a little out of breath and as she stands in the doorway she takes a few deep breaths and realises that something smells really good and heads towards the kitchen to see what is cooking. As she gets to the kitchen she gets a surprise to see Andy in front of the cook top wearing nothing but an apron, from behind of course the apron covers nothing and she just stands there for a moment enjoying the view of his butt. Andy soon turns around with the frypan in his hand and seeing Sara smiles at her and says "I thought you might like something when you got back from your run so I made up some pancakes."

"And the whole just an apron thing?" she replies.

"Well I thought you might like something when you got back from your run," he says with a laugh, but his laugh stops and his eyes drop to Sara's chest as he notices her nipples pressing thru the fabric of her top "It would seem you are feeling pretty good gorgeous," and his eyes roam over her taking in all her curves from top to toe "so would you like something to eat?"

Sara walks towards Andy in a slow sensual way and looking down notices that there is a tent starting to appear in the front of his apron "Yes I think I would actually," her eyes not leaving the growing shape of his apron "Why don't you put the pan down?" Andy drops it back on to the cook top and as he turns back to Sara she steps forward putting her arms around his neck and moves in for a deep kiss, Andy responds and wraps his arms around her waist pulling himself tightly against her pressing his penis against her and he can smell her scent mixed with her sweat. Sara grabs the knot of the apron at his neck and releases it then steps back letting the apron fall to his waist.

"Oh I like that look but something isn't quite right," and she gives him a soft kiss on his lips before kissing down his chin across his neck then on to his chest where she flicks her tongue across one of his nipples before she starts to lower herself further.

"mmm ..." is all that Andy says obviously enjoying himself very much.

Then Sara continues to kiss down across tummy stopping at the edge of his apron, and then reaching around behind him she undoes the apron completely dropping it to the floor uncovering his erect penis. "For me?" she says in a little girly voice "you shouldn't have, but since you did," she leans forward and takes the head of his penis in her mouth and Andy leans back against the edge of the bench to support himself. 

Sara takes hold of his penis in her hand and gently runs her hand up and down it before she takes it out of her mouth to a disappointed groan from Andy, but she just reaches over to the bench where she had noticed the bottle of maple syrup then turns back to his penis and pours a small amount of syrup over the tip of his penis and takes it back in to her mouth. Sara's tongue works at licking the syrup from his tip as she slowly moves her head back and forth taking him slowly deeper into her mouth and when a small amount of the syrup drops on to her top and she suddenly pulls back. "I don't want to get my nice top dirty," and with that she quickly takes it off freeing her breasts and giving Andy a wonderful view of her erect nipples, she then goes straight back to his penis pouring more syrup on it and begins taking it deeper into her mouth.

Some of the syrup is dropping on to her breasts and Andy is wishing his mouth was down there right now but is enjoying what she is doing too much to want it to stop as Sara tilts her head back a little to open her throat and takes him completely in. She starts to fondle his balls which are also now covered in syrup and there is a general sticky mess all around Andy's penis and Sara's mouth, as his penis hits the back of her throat she gently squeezes his balls and clamps her lips around the base of his penis and starts to swallow hard on his shaft sucking all the syrup off him.

Andy can feel that his arousal is rising quickly as Sara works away on his penis with strong passion as if she hadn't had him for ages and he starts to thrust his penis in and out of her mouth as she holds her lips tightly around his shaft, he knows he can't last long with the way she is going and then knows he will soon explode as she slides a hand around his butt finding the entrance to his anus pushing her syrup covered finger in slowly. This pushes Andy over the edge and his orgasm hits him, he thrusts into her mouth reaching the back of her throat as his seed begins to flow forth in large bursts, Sara begins to swallow then suddenly grips the base of his penis to try and stem the flow before taking his penis from her mouth then aims it at her breasts before releasing her grip and his seed flows free again all over her breasts. Andy looks down at what is happening and licks his lips as he realises what she is doing, Sara then looks up at him saying "Well my sexy cook, you prepared something for me so I thought I might prepare something for you," and letting go of his penis while still kneeling before him takes her breasts in her hands and lifts them slightly as if offering them to him.

"Why thank you," Andy says with a smile and taking her hands in his pulls her to her feet and quickly wraps his arms around her taking a hold of her butt and lifts her up on to the bench behind her. She moans as he quickly lowers his lips to her nipple, covered in his own seed and the remanets of maple syrup that had dropped from Sara's ministrations on his penis, and he begins to lick and suck her nipples and breasts. He takes his time moving from one breast to the other cleaning them thoroughly leaving nothing behind sending Sara into ecstasy and she starts to groan loudly. Andy lifts his head to look her in the eyes for a moment and says "I think a second course is in order," before kneeling down in front of her and pulls at her running shorts. 

"Sure thing stud," Sara eagerly replies somewhat breathlessly, and lifts herself enough to allow him to easily pull her shorts off before moving back between her legs and begins to taste her very wet pussy, his tongue working its way over her pussy lips and clit causing her to gasp at the sudden wave of pleasure that washes over her.

"Oh Andy," she moans and places her hands on his head pulling him firmly against her and he responds by sliding his tongue inside her pussy, he then moves his hands, one goes to her breast and gently caresses it while the other joins his mouth between her legs and takes her clit between his fingers causing her to squeal as he gently tugs on it. He begins thrusting his tongue deeply into her pussy eliciting more moans from her lips and her legs lift and wrap over his shoulders behind his neck and she hears him try to say something but it is muffled with his mouth firmly planted on her pussy. After getting worked up from sucking Andy's penis before and then his attention to her nipples it isn't taking long for her to feel that familiar sensation deep inside as her orgasm begins to build.

As Andy delves deeper still with his tongue and rubs her clit between his fingers her orgasm finally explodes and she pulls him harder against her with her legs, seeming to drive his tongue even further into her pussy and she screams out loud as she bucks against his face until her orgasm subsides. She slowly lets her legs fall from his shoulders and he stands up after one more lick across her clit and somewhat breathlessly says "Well sexy, what about time for the main course?" 

"mmm... main course sounds good to me," she murmurs as she slips off the bench into his arms there naked bodies pressing together, his penis once again hard pressing against her. And with that they head off to the bedroom, the pancakes all but forgotten.