 You've had a long hard day and I decide you need to be pampered so I draw you a hot scented bath. I call you up to the bathroom and help you get out of the clothes you've been wearing all day, marvelling at your gorgeous naked form.

You step into the bath and lie back for a while, soaking in the warmth and the wonderful aroma of the water. 

Using a sponge to lather you up I start at your feet and work my way up your legs and soap up the front of your body, paying special attention to your wonderful breasts. Making you lean forward I generously lather your shoulders and back, working the sponge on your ass and between your legs – not quite to stimulate you... yet. 

I finish bathing you and rinse off the soap, reaching for a nice big fluffy towel to dry you off thoroughly. I wrap the towel around you and give you a nice tight hug, giving you soft closed-mouth kisses and smiling at you while I lead you to the bedroom for the next part of your pampering. 

I tell you to lie down on the bed on your stomach and I take the towel away from you, leaving you totally exposed. I start to feel a bit overdressed so I remove my clothes leaving just my silky boxers on which I figure you'd enjoy and I climb on the bed over you, straddling your waist.

I lean forward to leave a trail of soft kisses on your shoulders, moving between your shoulder blades and up your neck and you turn your head to kiss me full on the mouth. We linger on each other's lips, kissing each other slow and tenderly and I run my hands lightly over your arms, enjoying feeling the soft skin of your back on my chest.

Reluctantly I break our kiss so I can pour warmed massage oil on your back and I start rubbing it all over your shoulders and right down your back in slow broad strokes. Sitting on your bum, I firmly push my palms up your back on either side of your spine, starting at your lower back and spreading out to work them over your shoulders. 

Using the same firmness I bring my hands back down and repeat this movement a couple times, then stopping at your shoulders to rub the massage oil into your skin, working my way up your neck with my fingers and thumbs. Holding my thumbs together I press firmly along your spine, stopping just above your ass. 

I hear you moan softly as I do this and repeat my movement back up to your neck. I continue massaging your back and shoulders, stopping every once in a while to run my oiled up fingers up your sides.

After a while I slide myself down your thighs and kneel over them, applying more oil to the backs of your legs and your lovely ass. Taking a thigh in each hand I firmly rub them up from your knees to the top and over your butt cheeks, squeezing them as I do. 

The more I do this the more you moan and wiggle your thighs open slightly so I take this opportunity to slide my hands up your inner thighs, rubbing in slow circles that move closer to your crotch. As my fingers move higher I can feel your heat and some wetness around your pussy, so I get a little more oil on my fingers and run my fingertips lightly over your slit. 

Hearing you gasp as I touch you there always makes me smile and I continue slowly rubbing my fingers along the outside of your lips, affectionately stroking the side of your thigh with my other hand. I notice your hips start to move up and down ever so slightly as I massage your sweet pussy and buttocks. 

I slide my hand far down to rub my fingers over your clit and back up to slip one of them inside your velvety pussy, as I continue doing this you grind your hips on my hand and whimper and moan loudly. Feeling slightly cruel I decide not to make you cum just yet and remove hands to rub some oil on my chest and stomach, then once I'm all slick I put my chest on your thighs and slide my body up on yours. 

I move slowly but firmly, savouring the sensation of rubbing my torso all over your back and the length of my now erect shaft sliding up between your thighs. 

When my head finally reaches yours I hold your hands and kiss and lick behind your ear, feeling your wet hot cunt through my boxers... 

mmmm it feels terrific and I can't help but to slide my silky clothed shaft along your slit. 

In between your moaning and heavy breathing you tell me you can't handle much more of this so reluctantly I get up on my knees to let you flip over on your back. I lean over to kiss you and you put your hands on my neck and back to pull me down on top of you to kiss me hungrily as we let our tongues slide into each other's mouths. 

You part your legs for me and wrap them around my waist, pressing our crotches together as I start sucking and nibbling on your lips. My lips find their way down your chin and I lick and suck your neck, occasionally pressing my teeth gently in your skin.  

I feel your hands wander down my back and you cup my ass through my boxers, and I respond by arching my back slightly to grind my hard-on on your clit.

My kissing moves down to the base of your neck where I suck hard and I reach between us to run my palms up and down your gorgeous tits, letting my fingers brush over your nipples. 

I move back up to kiss you passionately on the mouth and slide my tongue on yours, licking and caressing it. With my hands still on your breasts I move them to rub your nipples on mine in circles as I probe your mouth with my tongue. I feel you moan in my mouth as our hard nipples rub against each other. 

Hearing you moan like this always makes my cock twitch and throb harder and, at a slow pace, I hump the outside of your pussy with just my thin silky boxers separating us. As I lick around inside your mouth and take your tongue between my lips to suck it you caress and squeeze my ass over my boxers, occasionally running your finger between my cheeks knowing this gets me even harder for you. 

I get up on my knees again to pull my boxers down slowly, giving you a little strip tease before my cock springs out, making a slapping noise as it hits my abdomen. 

I kick my underwear off my legs and hold my shaft in my hand leering at you, then I walk on my knees all the way up your body till my crotch is just above your chin. Holding my cock at the base I start slowly rubbing it over your cheek and moving it over to your lips, leaving a trail of my pre-cum on your face and I notice that your hand has wandered down between your legs to play with your pussy and clit. 

Slowly I rub the head around your parted lips and you lick the sensitive area at the back of it. I start sliding it over your bottom lip and down your chin, leaving your neck slick with my wetness as I move to rub myself between your titties. 

First I slide my shaft from side to side on each breast, and I let my head press on your nipples, rubbing my leaking little hole on them. Now I sit on your abdomen with my dick between your breasts and I push them together, enveloping my manhood. 

I sit like that for a bit loving the feeling of your boobs on my cock and my balls and perineum pressed on your skin. I slowly start pushing my cock in and out between the valley of your breasts, making my foreskin push back and making you groan as you watch me fuck your tits while you finger yourself. 

I start playing with your nipples as I hold your breasts together, rolling them between my fingers and gently tweaking and pulling on them. I need to fuck you badly now so I drag my ass and testicles down your stomach until my cock is resting on your clit. 

Once again I take my cock in hand and start rubbing my head over your sweet little pussy lips, dragging it from just underneath your hole up your slit and rubbing it around your clit. I repeat this motion, teasing you until you whimper and beg for me to enter you, so I insert just the head of my cock into you and come down to kiss you passionately. 

As we kiss, our tongues dancing together, I inch my cock deeper inside you with small thrusting movements and you wrap your legs around me to urge me on until I fill you up completely. I pull out again until only my head is still inside you and push myself back into your pussy; I slowly do this over n over again, making sure I go in as deep as possible. 

You put your arms around my shoulders and moan into my ear as I start thrusting my hard cock into your wet cunt at a faster pace while I bite and nibble on your neck. 

I feel your pussy muscles clench around my dick and I groan and whisper in your ear "your pussy feels so good baby, can you feel my cock throbbing for you?" 

"Oooh yessss aaaaah aaaahhh" is just about all you can manage to say as I pound your cunt deep and hard.

I take your thighs from around my waist to put your knees over my shoulders so I can curl my cock upwards and rub it over your spot as I thrust my hips towards you. 

You start lifting and dropping your hips feeling my balls slap against your ass and I squeeze and knead your breasts as I piston my cock in your pussy. 

I use my other hand to stroke your clit in time to my fucking you and you gasp and grind your hips harder. As I lick and kiss your legs which are still draped over my shoulders I feel your hand reach under me to rub our love juices all over my scrotum, and I cry out as you fondle and stroke it. 

I slow down humping you now to about half the speed but I keep rubbing your clit and rolling it between my fingers at a fast pace, watching your face scrunch up as you come close to a hard orgasm. 

I hold my cock deep inside you now and push your hips forward so my head presses hard against the front wall of your pussy, making you scream and buck wildly. You cunt muscles start to contract around my cock as you cum and I resume fucking you and stroking your clit, trying to make your orgasm last as long as possible. 

The combination of your increased tightness and watching and feeling you cum so hard makes my orgasm build sharply. When you realise that I'm about to cum you resume stroking my balls and slide your fingers lubed up with your cum up my ass crack. 

I let out a low deep moan as I feel my balls tighten in your palm and my cock jumps out of your pussy as it erupts with hot thick streams of cum landing between your tits and your abdomen. 

You gasp as you feel my semen hit your skin and you start stroking my cock, milking the rest of my cum onto your pussy and thighs. 

When my orgasm subsides I collapse on top of you give you soft tender kisses all over your face as you embrace me in post-coital bliss...