 I have just left Samantha after allowing her to read the first part of our story. It was exciting to me to see just how wet she became and her desire for more to be told. Samantha told me later that she read and re-read her story until she finally had to satisfy herself with one of her most explosive orgasms ever. She is trying to think of how to repay me. Any suggestions?

The first part left off with me arriving at the motel. Samantha was already waiting there for me. I quickly went inside and rented a room away from view of the main road. I paid in cash, small bills, and had Samantha follow me around back. As soon as we entered the room our passion for each other began to flow as we embraced in our lovers kiss. Samantha was soon to learn however, that I had a surprise in store for her. We had experimented a little in light bondage and some spanking, whenever we had the chance, and had spoken about her desire to be submissive to my needs. Today was the day she was to find out what submissive really meant. I told Samantha that she was to listen to me and to follow my every command or I would leave. This caught her by surprise. She quietly agreed. I could tell that there was some fear of the unknown in her eyes. 

I told Samantha that I wanted her to slowly begin a striptease show for me. I wanted her to think of what it would take to give me pleasure and to perform her most erotic show for me. Samantha began to get into the mood and started to sway back and forth to the soft music I had turned on the radio. She slowly began to unbutton her blouse while keeping eye contact with me. My desire for her grew with every button undone yet, I knew I would have to restrain myself in order to give her more pleasure than she had ever known. As she unsnapped her bra I noticed that her nipples were erect with desire. Samantha had not even begun to caress them and I could tell they were begging to be sucked. As she slowly lowered her pants I could see that she had worn my favorite thong. I told her that she was to keep the thong on and to continue with her dance. Samantha danced for several more minutes before I stopped her. Now it was time for her to experience the fine line between pleasure and pain.

I had Samantha stand in the hallway by the bathroom. She was instructed to place her hands on the walls above her head and to her side. She was to spread her feet until they too touched the walls. Samantha was then instructed that she was not to speak unless I told her to by asking her a question and then she was to answer with "yes Master" or "no Master". I had her close her eyes and I placed a blindfold on her that I had purchased the previous evening. I asked her if she could see and she replied "no Master". I had never been in such a relationship before as this. Hell I always thought that the whole master submissive thing was for weirdoes. That is until I started reading about the true relationship and love that goes along with this type of lifestyle. Now that's not to say that there aren't some truly bent individuals out there, just that not all who enjoy a role as a top or bottom are bent. It was now my turn to perform for Samantha. I was going to give her pleasure without her being able to resist me.

I started by taking Samantha's face in my hands and giving her a very soulful kiss. As I pulled away she was leaning toward me in an attempt to continue the kiss. The light kisses that I placed on her lips, ears and neck made goosebumps raise on her soft skin. Samantha loves to have my hot breath on the tender part of her neck. I understand why the idea of being a vampire turns some people on. I continued with my trail of kisses downward to her lovely breasts. As I described before, these beauties are natural.

They are pliable to the touch no matter how gentle or rough it might be. They have a firmness that is real yet also one which is sensual. Samantha's nipples become erect every time my fingers, hand or lips have brushed against them. I wish I had been there when she breastfed her children as I would have delighted in sharing her gift of nourishment. I continued to torture Samantha with my kisses as I explored every inch of her breasts. Most individuals only pay attention to the nipples. Man are they coming up short. Samantha loves it when I kiss and lick the underside of her breasts. By this time Samantha was already soaking through her panties. I could tell by the distinct wet spot which was getting larger and larger at her crotch.

I continued my journey down her body and began working my way up from her feet. Samantha's feet are very sensitive and she started to squirm as I tenderly kissed my way toward her hot sex. I knew that I was going to please Samantha on my terms so I briefly brushed my mouth across her steaming pussy. I was inhaling her aroma as usual. The scent of a true woman who has inspired me in all kinds of ways. Samantha could feel my breath on her sex and when I gave her slit a lick with my tongue it was too much for her and she cried out in pleasure. Samantha had forgotten the guidelines I had set forth and had to be punished. When I stood and gave her the first swat with the whip I had brought she screamed out in shock, pain and pleasure.

The sound of the whip striking her bare ass resounded throughout the motel room. Samantha begged for me not to leave any marks. I intentionally left a couple of visible signs of her spanking due to her impudence. I asked if she was ready to obey and she replied " yes Master". I slowly pulled her panties to the side to expose her swollen lips. Samantha's body was trembling and she was unable to hide her excitement. Samantha felt and herd the vibrator I had brought along at the same time that it made contact with her pussy. I wanted her to experience an orgasm that would make her weak at the knees.

 I lightly moved the vibrator along her drenched slit and made sure that it touched her love button. Samantha was attempting to pull the vibrator into her lovely sex using the muscles in her lower lips. I continued moving the vibrator deep inside of her and ever so slowly removing it while manipulating her clit. When Samantha's orgasm was imminent I asked if she was ready. Samantha replied, " yes Master, please make me come Master". I quickened the pace and allowed Samantha to have the release she desired. Samantha most definitely became weak in the knees and it was all she could do to stand. 

I knew from past experiences that Samantha was capable of more than one orgasm. I also knew that it was time for me to taste this honey pot. I removed Samantha's thong and with her sex held open by her parted legs, I began to assault her lovely slit and clit with my mouth. Most men have no idea just how lovely a pussy can be. Hell most wouldn't be able to tell you the difference between the urethra, the clit and the opening to the womb other than the love canal is able to accommodate their organ. If all vaginas looked as lovely as Samantha's and had her sweet aroma, I would have been most definitely in line to have been a Gynecologist. 

I slowly took Samantha's outer lips between my lips and tongued them from top to bottom. I also explored her soft inner lips with as much fervor. Samantha was once again releasing her love juices and starting to build to an orgasm. I made my tongue rigid and placed it as deep as I could into her opening. I then continued licking her sweat slit and nibbling on her button until she was to tremble. I knew that I had not given her permission to come, nor would I. I trapped Samantha's clit between my teeth and sucked and licked it while I inserted the vibrator deep into her sugary walls. This was more than Samantha could take and she climaxed with a scream. Samantha continued to come as I held onto her clit with my teeth and I felt her have another wave of orgasms. 

There is a fine line between pleasure and pain when you are having an orgasm as most of us know. I took Samantha to that line and then across it. If I could only perform one sex act, this would be the one. Samantha passed out into my arms. I carried her to the bed and placed her face down. I allowed for her to rest for a few moments and the I took advantage of her state and whipped the bottoms of her sensitive feet for not asking permission to come. Samantha once again began to beg forgiveness. I rolled Samantha over onto her back and lightly whipped and bit her breasts and pussy lips until she was close to orgasm again. I told Samantha that I wanted her to take her nipples into her mouth and to lick and bite them. This is another plus women have on us. Samantha loves to lick and bite her nipples so she quickly complied. I asked her if she wanted another orgasm to which she replied. "yes Master". I told her that she would have to earn the next one.

I then removed Samantha's blindfold and told her to fix me something to drink while she retrieved the pizza she had brought for lunch. Samantha replied' "yes Master". I then told Samantha that she was to feed me as she was my submissive. Samantha was very good in this role and continued to remember not to speak unless questioned.

I informed Samantha that she was to use her imagination and to please her Master. It was her duty to get me aroused. I really didn't need to give this command as Samantha has never failed to get me aroused since I've known her. A mischievous grin came across Samantha's lips as she ever so slowly began her seduction. Samantha knows that I love to have my ears and neck kissed, licked and nibbled. This she began with earnest. Samantha wasted no time in removing my shirt and had her hands caressing my hairy chest. Samantha has always loved my chest. She began to play with my nipples and took them into her mouth and sucked on them. Samantha snaked her hand into my pants and a look of surprise and excitement came across her face as her fingers touched my balls. She quickly removed my pants and shorts in order to examine her next surprise. 

Samantha has always kept her bush trimmed and her pussy lips shaved so that I might enjoy them better. I also know that she enjoys the feel of my tongue on her soft skin. I had decided what was good for the goose must be good for the gander. I had taken the time to trim my pubic area and to shave my scrotum. The razor burn and itching I would experience later was well worth it. Samantha immediately began to lick my newly exposed skin. Oh my gosh did this feel great. She slowly sucked one then the other of my balls into her mouth. Another good thing about not being hung like a porn star is that Samantha is able to deep throat my entire member. 

I could feel the head of my dick on the back of her throat. Samantha's tongue was swirling around the head whenever she lifted her head from the base of my dick. not all women know how to give a blowjob, as many of the men out there can attest to. Samantha most definitely can. many a time she has brought me to orgasm when we knew we only had a few stolen moments. When I would take her to work, to the garage, to pick up the kids at the babysitters. Samantha also knew that today time was on our side. Samantha continued to make my member hard until I was about to orgasm. She then asked if she could feel her Master inside of her. 

Hell at this time I would have agreed to almost anything. Samantha moved up my body and placed my member at the opening of her hot box. I swear there was steam rising from our union. I love it when Samantha is on top as it allows me ready access to her beautiful tits and I feel like I'm almost inside of her womb. Samantha continued to ride me until neither of us could stand it anymore. We both climaxed in a very vocal and emotional tremor. Samantha collapsed onto my chest and I held her while we both regained our strength. Later we finished our lunch and unfortunately had to say goodbye in order for Samantha and I to return to work.

Lately Samantha has been having a little bit of a problem with our relationship. She feels that I should move on in order that I may find someone who I can continue my explorations with that doesn't have any limitation attached. I do not know if I can change her mind as I am not interested in anyone else...been there, done that. I have told Samantha that if she wants me to be with someone else then she will have to be the one to find her. Who knows, maybe this master will have more than one sub?