 Panic Button Red is the lipstick that I wear, the color of decadence and inflamed heat. My lips beckon a kiss of wanton lust from a desiring man. Tonight was no different than the last. I sit at the traffic light, waiting for the slow-burning red to turn to gallop-and-go green, when I noticed a pair of eyes watching me in the rear view window of the car in front of me.

The neon lights from the neighboring pawnshop, reflected back, giving his eyes a demonic look. I shivered; the wicked woman in me loved it. I smiled, and offered him some lipstick from the tube, briefly before I closed the top and placed it back inside my handbag.

I couldn't see if he smiled, for the light changed and we were off. I pulled beside him in the right hand turning lane. I glanced over to see a smile dancing on his face. I smiled back. His eyes focused on my lips, as I wet them lightly with my tongue. He was going straight, while I was turning right. I let my mind flirt over the endless possibilities of what would happen if I left my car where it sat, and climbed into his. This made me laugh out loud; I glanced back at him, right before turning and blew him a kiss. Then sped off.

After I made my right, I knew that I couldn't go straight home. The flirtation with the stranger in the car fueled my fires. I stopped at my favorite watering hole. I was sitting in my car powdering my nose, when a car parked beside mine. I casually glanced over, as I applied another coat of Panic Button Red lipstick.

My hand froze in mid-stroke; it was my mysterious flirty man. We both stared at each other, much like deer caught in headlights. I was the first one to move, as I closed the lid to my lipstick case. He grinned at me.

We got out of our cars at the same time. Finally, I get a good look at him under the bright street light; dark curly close cut hair, dark undetectable hued eyes, at least 6 feet and dressed in a black golf shirt, and khaki Dockers. Oh my...what a hottie!

"Can I buy you a drink, Milady?" He asked in a spicy baritone. I curtsied, "Why yes, Milord! I am a wee bit thirsty and a drink will quell these fires that I feel burning!" He laughed, "That I doubt, me fine lass!" So our flirtation continued, but this time its song and dance had voice, as we made our way into the bar.

Finding a corner table, we settled in, not speaking--mainly looking. We ordered our drinks, still flirting with our eyes. Suddenly, I knew that I didn't want to know his name. The magical moment would be lost, mystical intrigue gone forever. When his lips formed the question, I quickly placed my fingers over them, "Hush, kind knight, let's leave some mystery for the morning to rise on." I felt his lips smile under my fingers. He took them in his hand, kissed them, "So be it, my moonlight imp." 

Our drinks arrived. Sipping them, we discreetly moved closer until our thighs were touching. The music grew louder, as our eyes flirted. A low throbbing pulsation began deep within my mound of pleasure. I let my hand fall on the thigh that was touching his. Pretending to scratch it, I let the side of my hand brush over his thigh. When his leg jerked at the contact, I felt my heart jerk too. I rubbed up and down our legs, enjoying the contrast of our clothing, me in a navy silk dress, and he in khaki cotton Dockers.



When the music of Santana began, he pulled me onto the dance floor. We gyrated to the driving beat, our bodies moving as one. His eyes focused on my Panic Button Red lips, hot desire flooded his face. He turned me so that he was behind me, my back locked to his hips. I felt his hard cock, probing the cheeks of my ass like a keys hunting for the lock. Wanting him, I pushed back against it. He inhaled the fragrance of my hair. I raised my arms to encircle his neck, framing his head, thus allowing his access to my sides, front and lastly, my breasts. His roaming hands followed my thoughts. Our movements became one, grinding to the rhythm of the hot sounds of the music, letting our hunger pulse to the tempo. 

The crowd became so tight that we could barely move. I felt his knees bend behind me, his hands pushing the back of my dress up. I reacted by arching my ass back into him, praying to find hot throbbing flesh against my fevered skin. A wet cock tip touched the back of my lower thigh briefly. I felt his fingers go under the string of my thong panty, and move it aside, causing the fabric to pull against my clit. Sliding up and down, my wet slit with his cock made me moan. It rode the waves of music and became lost. I arched my hips back and up so that his cock could slip in with ease.

Its size made me tremble. My dark knight whispered in my ear, "Are you ready to get fucked, Milady? My cock is alive and hungry, ready to devour your dewy petals." I grinded back against him, showing my need instead of wasting words, the weepy tip at my wet entrance made me tremble in anticipation. To the rhythm of the song, he moved it into me, inch by fast/slow inch, filling me completely. With every thrust into me, I felt the fabric of my thong caressing my throbbing clit. The music changed to a faster dance song, we moved in tune with it, as if the Dee Jay knew of our heat, of our need, of our greed to fuck like wild animals with the layers of civilization stripped away.

So we were, animals lost in lust. I gripped him with my pussy, letting him feel how developed my wet wall were, massaging him s he thrust in and out in short strokes, never leaving me completely. The crowd became wilder in their dance, as he and I fucked. Did they feel us? Did they notice? I thought this briefly, but forgot the answers as I felt a building inside me. The pressure reaching a boiling point, and I exploded in Panic Button Red passion. He cried out into my ear, as he felt me moving over the length of his cock with my orgasm, my pussy producing a rhythm of its own. He held my hips still and pounded me hard, whispering in my ear, "FUCKING HOT!” before spraying my vibrating walls with his cum. 

As we slowed down in our dance of fucking heat, a soft and cuddly love song began to play. He discreetly slipped out of me, pulling down my dress. I turned to face him, trying to help him guide his still rigid rock hard cock back in its hideaway, before anyone noticed.

Success made us smile, satisfaction made us kiss. Pulling me close he held me as our heartbeat slowed its rapid race to a deeper solid soul glide in time with our contentment. Lost in his arms, I heard him whisper, "Sherrie, my love, my darling woman, promise me something? Next Friday when we live out my fantasy night that you will wear the same lipstick." 

I looked into his deep lapis blue eyes, saying with a twinkle in mine, reflecting the wanton knowledge of a very special bond that we shared, "For you my demon lover, anything!" To seal the deal, I kissed him with the Panic Button Red lips that he so loved.