 It's a common story I suppose. My wife had left me and for 18 months or so I was the kind of sad bloke that downloaded porn from the Internet because the thought of actually getting involved with someone else was emotionally just too risky.

The problem was that the porn soon became boring and as my confidence increased I started thinking about finding a real live woman. But there's the problem straight away, I was too scared to risk just asking someone at work or anyone I met socially for fear of being rejected. Stupid I know, but anyone who has been, or is going through a divorce will probably identify with that feeling of playing it safe all the time.

Most of my female friends were married and while most of them had been very kind to me in a sisterly sort of way, inviting me to dinner with their families always present and never a hint of anything other than platonic friendship and support, I was starting to look for more.

I had one friend, we'll call her Liz, who was happily married to John, the kind of woman who is very warm, always a big hug when we met. She was soft and caring and in any other circumstances very approachable, but she was married. They didn't have any kids yet, but she was the kind of person you just knew would make a good mother.

Despite knowing that it wouldn't go anywhere I became more fixated on Liz. I started to look at her and wondered what she'd look like naked. She was the object of my thoughts while I masturbated. I started to see more of her and her husband and they both supported my tentative emergence from my doom and gloom phase. The problem was the more she helped the more I fantasised about her.

One Saturday evening I was invited round for dinner. We had a good and relaxing time, the wine flowed and we chatted after the meal was finished with Liz sitting on a sofa opposite me with her legs tucked up sideways. She was wearing a pair of the tight fitting leggings that were popular at the time and I became fascinated by the outline of her panties making a neat curve across her even neater cheeks. I've always been a bit of a 'bum' man, not that I'm not partial to a firm pair of breasts mind you, and she had those as well-- but Liz's rear end was very much the rounded, firm and fit type that occupied my sexier dreams. As we talked I became surreptitiously more and more aroused and had to cross my legs to hide my growing erection. Relief came when Liz got up to get some more coffee and I could slip away to the bathroom making sure I kept my back to John as I left the room.

Their bathroom was on the first floor, one of those big luxury rooms with carpets, a large shower compartment and a bath too. I released by cock from my trousers and stood looking at myself in the mirror while I slowly stroked it.

A sudden thought.... Near the bath was a big wicker laundry basket. I couldn't help myself. I opened it and started to look through the items in there, pillow cases, shirts, a purple silk blouse that I lifted to my nose and smelt Liz's perfume. I pulled more items out and then gold dust! A pair of women's panties, dark blue silk with white trim. I lifted them slowly to my nose as my cock twitched to full hardness. In the crotch I could smell the faint aroma of soap and something else, the faint musk of Liz's vagina. I was in heaven! The soft smooth silk, the beautiful aroma of Liz's body, the taboo I was breaking by handling her panties.

I couldn't help myself. I stepped out of my clothes and slid into hers. The cool silk against my chest and her tight panties round my cock. I watched myself in the mirror as I stroked my hard-on faster and faster and then suddenly I was coming. Oh shit! I was going to come all over their expensive carpet. Instinctively I caught my cum in the only thing to hand, Liz's panties. It was a wonderful orgasm and for half a minute I stood there pumping my cock into the cool silk of her sexy panties.

And then it struck me. Bugger! What was I going to do now? I couldn't wash them out and I couldn't just put them back in the basket. She'd notice a pair of wet panties in her laundry basket whatever the cause of their wetness. Nothing for it but to wrap them up in some paper handkerchiefs and put them in my pocket. Feeling a little bit sad and stupid now, I dressed quickly and flushed the toilet before going back down stairs.

Hoping I wasn't looking guilty or embarrassed I drank the offered coffee and then made excuses about being up early the next day. As I drove home I took the small package from my pocket and opened it. Like a small birthday and Christmas present rolled into one. I'd just wash them at home and slip them back into her laundry basket next time I was invited. She wouldn't notice. Things always go missing for a few weeks at a time in most houses. I relaxed and felt happy now I'd got it all sorted in my mind.

But, and isn't there always a 'but' in life? I hadn't counted on Liz's female intuition / instinct, call it what you will.

A few days' later my phone rang.

'Hi Mitch.'

'Liz! Hi! How are you? Thanks for a wonderful evening on Saturday.' It tumbled out a bit because I wasn't expecting a call from her and after the other night I was feeling a bit guilty I suppose.

'I'm fine thanks. I'm so glad you enjoyed it. Actually I want to ask you a favour. Could I come round and talk to you later on today?'

'Yes of course Liz. Anything you want. Can't you ask me now?'

'Well, ermm, not really. It's a bit hush hush you see!'

'Well OK. What time do you want to come over?'

We arranged a time and after I put the phone down my mind started to work overtime. I ticked off the possibilities. She'd missed the panties and was furious? She didn't sound mad. She wanted to ask for them back? Unlikely I thought. She'd be too shy to just come out with it. Perhaps it was a surprise for John; it was 6 weeks or so to his birthday. But she could have told me that on the phone. But maybe John was in the house and she didn't want to be overheard. Maybe she just wanted to chat. Maybe her relationship was in trouble and I hadn't noticed it. After all, my split from my wife came as a complete shock to our friends and I wasn't in my most perceptive state of mind. Well I'd know soon enough.

'Liz, come in.' I stood back to let her in the door.

'Hello Mitch.' She gave me one of her special big hugs. I could smell her animal warmth and immediately my mind flashed back to standing in her bathroom with her panties to my nose. She wore a thin blouse through which I could see the outlines of a bra and loose-fitting knee length shorts that shaped nicely round her sweet rear end. Oh God!

'You OK Mitch?'

'What? Oh yes, sorry.' I let go of her and covered my embarrassment.

'Sorry just a bit distracted there for a moment.'

'That's OK; I thought you seemed a little on edge. You sure everything's OK?'

'Yes, yes thanks. Would you like a drink? Some wine?'

'Well just a little one as I'm driving but wine would be nice thanks.'

I opened a bottle and took the glasses through to my lounge where Liz was sitting on one end of my biggest sofa. I sat beside her, but at a little distance.

'Well,' I said. 'What's the big mystery then?' This time it was Liz's turn to look a bit sheepish.

'Umm well,' she looked at her toes, at the wall and then at me. 'You must promise not to laugh or be embarrassed.' I promised.

'Well,' she continued. 'It's like, um, oh hell! I'm being stupid and probably jumping to the wrong conclusions anyway!'

'If you told me maybe I could help.'

'You'll think I'm being silly.' 'No Liz, I won't. You can say anything to me, you know that.'

She looked down at her toes again then whispered. 'Do you like me Mitch?'

'Of course I do. You and John are two of my best friends!'

'Do you more than like me though Mitch? Do you, um fancy me?' With this she looked at me full in the eyes. 'I want to know, please tell me the truth.'

What could I say? How could I tell her that I dreamed of her, dreamed of holding her naked body close to mine, of tasting the pure source of that erotic perfume I'd discovered on her silk panties? It was my turn to look at my shoes.

'Yes.' I said quietly.

'Do you mean that?'

'Yes.' I said again.

'And did you take my panties the other night?'

'Oh shit Liz. I'm sorry.' Suddenly she was beside me, arm round me, comforting.

'No it's all right, it's all right. I don't mind. It's OK.'

'It's OK?' I repeated, bewildered.

'Yes really. It's kind of sweet and kind of well, sexy too.'

'Sexy?'

'Yes sexy. I mean you didn't just, um, well take them did you?'

'Oh God Liz... how did you know? I thought... Oh damn what a mess, you must think I'm a real pervert!'

'No Mitch, not a pervert. A sexy man who's had a bit of an emotional battering maybe. And if you want to know I went to the bathroom after you'd left and I could tell you'd come in there. I know John's smells and so it had to be yours. And when I found my panties missing I put two and two together and called you. I just hoped I hadn't made them add up to a million by mistake and was about to make an utter fool of myself!'

'Well you turned me on and it just sort of happened. I really didn't think about it first I just couldn't stop myself. Sorry.'

'Stop saying sorry. You don't need to be. I'm not upset. In fact I think it's very complimentary that you think of me that way.' She squeezed my shoulder then moved so that my arm was round her and her head rested on my chest. 'Will you answer me a question honestly?'

'If I can.'

'Have you been with another woman since your wife left you?'

'Well no, not really.'

'Not really?' She laughed.

'Well no, not at all is what I meant.'

'And you fancy me?'

'Um, yes I do.'

To my surprise she took my hand opened my fingers and placed it on her breast, pressing it gently to her and pushing her chest up against it at the same time.

'Good' was all she said, her hand continuing to press mine against her breast fondling and squeezing until almost out of instinct and certainly out of desire my own hand took over and massaged her gently through the thin fabric of her blouse.

'But Liz....'

'Hush,' she laid a finger against my lips.

'What about...?

'Hush silly!' she said. 'I want you and you want me. That's all we need for now.'

'But you're ...' she stopped my protests with a long and deep kiss. After a few seconds her tongue gently separated my lips and she sucked my tongue carefully into her mouth and then pushed it back, only to suck it in again. I knew as plain as could be that she wanted me to take her and have her and that she wouldn't hold it against me afterwards. I knew that this was her offer of healing, that it would be once only and that refusing would make her sad. She was offering me her most precious gift by using her body and her love to help me find my way back.

Scared but excited I moved my hand slowly on her breast, feeling the texture, weight and warmth. She smiled at me happy and satisfied that I'd responded. She lay back a little and stroked my hand as I stroked her breasts. Her hands moved to her blouse. The buttons came undone slowly, revealing her smooth skin, the swell of her breasts and the smooth fabric of her bra - a little clasp between her beautiful titties held it together. I moved so I could undo the clasp and she lay back to accommodate me, her hands resting above her head. Her breasts were not large, but they felt naked and full and somehow comforting under my touch, her nipples starting to harden as I played with one then the other in turn. Soon I began to kiss her neck and shoulders eliciting a little moan of satisfaction.

'That's good,' she said.

I moved my lips slowly down to the edge of her breast and then licked in little circles, each one taking me closer to her nipple. She moaned again as I teased her, almost but not quite touching her nipple with my lips. Minutes passed as I transferred from one to the other of her breasts always fondling the one I wasn't licking. Her hand moved to the back of my head pushing my mouth towards her nipple.

'You want me to suck your nipple?' I teased holding back.

'Yes, Mitch,' she whispered softly encouraging my head downwards until I finally took her hard nipple between my lips, sucked and bit gently, aware of the delicate fragrance of her body so close to mine. A long, sighing moan escaped from her as she arched slightly to my caress, my hand circled her other nipple gently squeezing its hardness.

For ages I sucked and played with her erect nipples and breasts. She lay back sighing and wriggling slightly with each small teasing bite and suck. I knew she wanted more and I did too. I eased away from her, pulling her upright so I could slip her bra and blouse from her shoulders. I looked straight into her eyes as I removed her clothing and she smiled encouragement, moving her body to accommodate my actions. Then she said 'Your turn,' as she removed my shirt and again lay back, this time pulling me with her.

'I want to feel you against me Mitch.' Her smooth warm breasts pressed against my chest as our lips and tongues met in another deep kiss. We lay for ages like this gradually becoming more intimate as first she felt my erection pressing between her legs. Then she parted her thighs and my hard bulge nestled between her legs pressing fabric to fabric, my straining erection a few millimeters from the warm centre of my desires. I became more and more excited as I remembered the smell of her sweet vagina on her panties but still I delayed, savouring the sexual tension but knowing I couldn't resist for long.

Soon I asked her to stand so I could kneel before her. Slowly, slowly I unbuttoned her shorts and helped her as she stepped out of them. A white silk thong just covered her pubic mound and not much else. I held her hips as I rocked back to look take a long look at her beautiful body, her smooth thighs rising to that perfect little 'Y', her round hips framing her little round belly, the swell of her breasts just above, her hard nipples just within reach. She gently pulled me towards her and as I breathed in her erotic musk filled my senses. I moved her legs apart a little so I could inhale more of her delightful animal aroma, kissing her pubic mound through thin silk and sliding my hand round to cup her bottom cheeks left naked by the little thong. I pushed my nose and tongue between her legs and she opened them further for me groaning quietly as she did so. We began to have the same thoughts at the same time. Just as I reached for the waist band of her thong she started to slowly pull then down for me. As I peeled them over her hips I uncovered a modest down of soft pubic hair, trimmed and perfectly shaped. I let out a soft exclamation.

'Oh! Liz, you look so sexy!'

'I'm glad you think so.'

'I do, that's just perfect.' And then I couldn't help myself. With her still standing before me I brushed my nose and lips against her furry mound and there was nothing between me and the aphrodisiac of her pussy's moist aroma. If her panties had aroused me the other night this drove me wild with desire for her. Things started to happen quickly. I pulled her thong down and she stepped out of them wrapping her legs round my face as she did and burying my face further into her beautiful damp fleece. My trousers and pants followed her thong as she opened her legs further to reveal her little pink naked lips, shaved perfectly smooth and already damp with her excitement. The smell of her was driving my hormones to new levels and then I was burying my face between her legs, sucking her little bud, licking her nectar and smothering myself in her erotic perfume, coating my face, letting her mark me with her scent like an animal on heat.

I pushed her firmly back onto the sofa and fell between her legs. She parted her thighs and I felt her warmth and moistness round the end of my hardness. I was itching to plunge full length into her but we both stopped, looked at each other, smiled and then slowly, slowly I eased my cock into the entrance of her waiting pussy as she pushed her body towards me, welcoming me and encouraging me.

It had been so long since I'd felt this passion, the warmth of her almost made me whimper with desire. Slowly, gently and with the small sad realisation that I would never feel this first time with her again I sank into her arms as she pulled me towards her. I savoured every moment, every millimeter as my almost painfully hard erection slipped fully into her waiting vagina. I was thicker and harder than I had ever been and she felt the tightness as I did. I felt the tip slide between her open wet naked lips, those same lips caressed the sides of my cock as I slid deeper and deeper until they were pressed against the base of my cock. I pushed a little deeper and she lifted her hips to encourage me further in and at the same time I felt the first of her involuntary spasms as she gasped at these deep, deeply stimulating sensations. I pushed as hard as I could as she pulled me into her as far as I could go. I cried out loud because I was there, and it was already ecstasy and I could never do it again, not this first time, but I knew it would get even better. I cried out for the loneliness of the past years, I cried out for the friendship and the love that Liz was giving me. I cried out again and again as I started to make love to her and she to me. I cried again as we passed from making love to animal fucking. I lost my knowledge of time and place, my whole being concentrated on the awareness of the pressure in my balls and cock. Liz moaned, a wild primal call, thrusting her hips hard against me in the frantic rhythms of life and lust and love. Her pussy began to squeeze and milk my cock demanding that I fulfil nature's desires and fill to her fertile womb with my seed. My need became her need, our passion united. The unbearable pressure rose and rose until grunting and groaning I pumped my sperm-laden semen as far into her waiting centre as I could. Her vagina opened even further to my ejaculating cock as she cried aloud in time with the involuntary spasms that shook her and took her deep into to a place where feeling and instinct overlapped, each indistinguishable from the other, yet each driving the other on and on until exhausted she quietened and I fell limply into her arms, whispering 'Liz. Oh Liz!' again and again while she made little moaning sounds.

The remains of our lust came in little spurts and jumps as we lay there in the embers of our ecstasy, kissing, licking and sucking, not wanting to let the moment go.

'All right Mitch?' She spoke quietly, close to me but miles away in my dream.

'Not just all right Liz, perfect....' I whispered as we moved apart a little so we could see each other's eyes. 'Thank you, thank you, thank you, you sexy woman.'

'You don't have to thank me. It was perfect for me too you know.'

A little later dressed now and over coffee we chatted some more. She stayed close to me and now we sat facing each other on the sofa.

'What do we do now?' I asked.

'Well Mitch I want to make sure you really have got over your divorce so if you want I'll have to come over and see you again.'

'You sure you want to?'

'Yes I'm sure.'

'What about John?'

She looked down and said nothing for a few moments. Then looking up at me she said 'The thing is, well with John, he's not, well it's not very good, he's not that interested very often. I love him dearly and I won't leave him or hurt him but I want what we just had so I have to come back you see.'

'But you seem so happy together!'

'We are. He's my best friend, but it just doesn't work on the sex side, so if we can all stay friends it will be OK.'

'But what if he finds out?'

'He won't mind if it's you.'

'If it's me?'
