 Jessica and I were watching this TV show late last night called "Fastlane". It is a new show on the Fox network about some Police undercover types with a hip twist and sexy characters. Neither Jessica nor me was particularly engrossed with the show. But it had been a long week and we were both ready for some easy Escapist entertainment. 

Jessica is a very attractive head turning girl. Her long dark hair and disarming smile is just the topping on a luscious curvy body with wonderfully large tits and the sweetest ass ever to swallow in silk. Last night she still had on her clothes she wore to school. A very prim and conservative black button up blouse and a fitting cotton weave black skirt that rode just above her kneecaps. Her legs are just gorgeous shapes like stems of a flower. 

As I mentioned, it had been a long week. Jessica had 3 tests and another one to go, and I had a million tugs at work including more than the usual stressful demands from the owner. Work was on my mind as I sat through dinner and only by looking at Jessica and staring at her wet lips while she ate, did I gradually let the day slide into the past. Jessica's lips are always so sensuously wet and nicely accented with whatever lipstick shade she has on. I can't help but imagine that wetness on her lips as she talks as the wetness I have seen before when she lifts her face from my cock and my cum glistens on her lips. 

As dinner wore on, I could tell Jessica had something she really wanted to tell me. She hinted a few times and finally just couldn't hold back any more.

"Steve, you know that professor in Accounting I told you about?"

"The old guy?" I asked.

"Yes. He's not that old Steve. I bet he is 60 at tops. Anyway, I was late getting to class and all the seats in back were full so I had to sit in the very front row right in front of him."

"Why were you late?" 

"Oh I couldn't find a parking space. But that's the point Steve." Then she paused, lowered her voice to that sexy tone that drives me wild, and like a little girl with a nasty secret, she added, "I showed him my panties." 

This little confession perked me right up. We had talked before about her little flashings and I always found her exploits a big turn on. A few times I had even been with her while we were grocery shopping and she had intentionally bent over exposing whatever sexy tiny panties she had on to a total stranger. One time she even teased another woman whom we were both sure was gay and worked at the hair salon just down the street. In fact, that turned out to be quite an experience, but that's another story altogether.

I didn't have to urge Jessica to tell me more details about showing her professor her panties. She knew I wanted to know everything, and she eagerly continued. 

"He couldn't help but see me come in late. He was already into his lecture and I didn't want to interrupt so I tried to hurry in front of him and slide into the empty seat. But I guess my purse swung too quickly and as it slid down my shoulder, I grabbed for it. Well, when I grabbed, I lost my notebook. It just fell on the floor in front of the seat. The professor was only three or four feet from me. I quickly turned my back to him and just bent over and grabbed the notebook and well, gee, it was awkward with my purse and all, so I didn't bend my knees much. It happened so fast. I was already bringing the notebook back up from the floor, when it hit me what I had done. There was no way I didn't give Professor Stiles a clear open view of my panties when I bent over. I swear I heard him stutter. And I couldn't help but feel the red rush to my face as I slid into the desk and looked up to face him.

"Wow. That lucky guy. I bet he loved it."

"I think he did. Well, I know he did. But wait it gets better. The more he talked, the more the idea of him seeing my panties kind of excited me. I could actually feel my panties getting a little wet. So I spread my legs and watched his eyes to see when he would look."

"Did he? I sure would of."

"Oh yes. Several times. He tried to be really nonchalant, but I saw his eyes every time I spread my legs sneak a glance. I even made it easier by sliding my skirt up a little higher. It was really exciting Steve. I got so wet. By the time class ended, I had to find an empty girls bathroom and masturbate. I had the most wonderful orgasm. It was amazing."

Just hearing Jessica's excitement as she told me made my cock grow erect. "Wow. Wow. That's awesome. You are amazing sweetie. Just making an old guy's day is a wonderful thing to do." We warmly rose from the table and kissed. My hand started drifting down her body over her hip and rounding in back to caress her ass. Her tongue and mine traded sliding into each other's mouth. I could feel her hips gently rock against the hard cock in my pants. A little wet feeling began to ooze from the tip of my cock. But Jessica pulled away. "Oh Steve, fix me a nice cold drink with two olives and lets clean these dishes up first." 

I was a little disappointed, but the night was young. So we did the after dinner work and fixed some nice cold sipping martinis then went into the den to relax. Without an real intention of watching TV, we turned the set on and reclined on the couch. We love to have our bodies touching whenever we are together. I leaned back and rested on the arm of the couch while Jessica kicked off her heels and curled up nested into me. Her bottom pressed against my pants. It never takes me long to feel the need to straighten up my cock when Jessica presses her ass into me. She knows this. She likes feeling my cock grow still and unfurl against her. She usually reaches back and straightens it out or undoes my pants for me. I love it when she does this. 

We were just watching the Fastlane show building that slow caressing hand foreplay between us. My hand drifted over her shoulder and cupped her breast then I slid my fingers teasingly where I knew the nipple was hidden. The nipple that I knew, was waiting to be touched. The nipple that was waiting to grow hard and stiffen and sensitive and want to be touched more. Then a scene caught both of our attentions. It only lasted a few seconds, showing a sexy camera shot of a woman lying on her stomach wearing really sexy black lacy panties and my thoughts drifted to Jessica. I wondered what panties she had on. I wondered what panties Professor Stiles had seen. What panties Professor Stiles probably saw in his dreams tonight while his cock too grew hard and stiff and aching like mine.

As the TV picture close-up of the woman's panties appeared before us, I whispered to Jessica, "mmmm.. nice panties..."

"Oh, you like those Stevie? I have those same ones on you know..." She paused and turned to face me. Then with a little nasty eye twinkle, she whispered, "Wanna see my panties Professor Steve?"

Almost as soon as she asked, I wanted to see. Even before she asked, I wanted to see. And she already knew before she asked.

"Oh yes.." I said out loud quickly, as my eyes surely screamed, "FUCK YES!!!"

"You gotta lick 'em if you see 'em. My pussy really needs a good licking Stevie and these panties are really special. Do you think you can lick me through my panties until I cum?"

"Oh yes..I know I can.."

Jessica knew I would gladly make her cum. Sometimes she tried not to cum, but she never could not cum. I always made her cum. Always. The TV show was forgotten and disappeared into the background as she raised herself from the couch, turned and stood before me. I lifted up to a sitting position directly in front of her. Deliberately, but slowly, Jessica reached behind her and lowered the zipper of her skirt. My hands reached forward the foot or so between us, and a caressed her legs wrapping around them like a handrail. Her legs were so smooth and soft like always. She tugged gently at the waist and her skirt fell loose.

That was as much undressing as she was going to do. 

I was left to the rest. And I wanted to undress her. I always want to undress her. Jessica knows how much I like to undress her. She likes the seductive loss of her clothes as much as I do. I shimmied the skirt down her legs and past her knees. Once it reached her knees, I didn't just let it fall to the ground. I like playing the part a little of a servant. A servant that takes care of his maid. A servant that takes care of his maid's pussy when it needs anything.

As her skirt neared the carpet, I held it and Jessica lifted each foot no more effort than needed for me to slide her skirt off and keep it from touching the ground. I folded it once neatly and hung it over the back of the couch. In the split second I turned and then turned back, Jessica stepped forward closing the space between us. Her panties were magnetic. My eyes went to them immediately and my entire body surged with lust.

Jessica's black panties were awesome. So sexy and incredibly soft and lacy. She looked wonderful in them. Even though we had only just eaten a very good dinner, I felt hunger in my veins. Hunger for her black panty covered pussy. Her shirt almost spoiled my view. The end of the tail overlapped the top lacy hem. 

But Jessica knew. She wanted just a little more tease. A little more servant attention. She wanted to be undressed but the urge to undress was taking over inside her. She was horny. It had been days since we had made love. She wanted to cum. She wanted my tongue or my fingers or whatever way we explored to please her soon. 

She unbuttoned her own blouse as I caressed the front of her thighs with my long fingers. As she reached for the last bottom button, I kissed her fingers. She offered me the button and I stretched my tongue forward and stroked the button with the tip just like it was her clitty. I circled around it as she held the button for my tongue. And I sucked it into my mouth pulling the cloth with it as she watched. I knew she was imagining the button as her clitty. She surely could remember the last time I had sucked and licked her own little swollen button the same way as the shirt button.

She shed her shirt from her shoulders and let it fall as I let it free from my mouth. I continued running my fingers now along the edge of her panties, as I looked up. Her wonderful breasts round and full were pointy and straining to be free of her matching black lacy bra.

I thought to myself, how wonderful it would be later when I could finally take her bra covered nipple into my mouth and suck it over and over for her. The very first time we ever had sex, I made her cum that way. Just sucking her nipples while she stroked her hand up and down my cock and I was so excited that I exploded semen all over her dress. I love sucking Jessica's nipple until my jaw wears out and gets sore. Then I love sucking more. Pushing through that little barrier of fatigue until I can suck and lick forever. Trading occasional frantic licking and stroking her nipple with my tongue. Or just lapping around and around as I squeeze her nipple between my fingers and hold it to my lips running my tongue tip over it. There are so many ways to pleasure Jessica's nipples, I never lose my interest in pleasing them and finding new ways to be a better lover.

But it was her thin black panties only a few inches from my lips that refocused my attention. I slid my hands up the front of her panties. The cloth is soft and smooth. A few tiny hairs catch the cloth. It's been almost a week since I shaved her pussy for her, but she is still very smooth behind the silk. The lace had a tulip flower pattern. It was her two lips inside her panties that I wanted to touch. 

I traced my finger over Jessica's panty covered pussy lips. I love the feel of your lips swelling outward as I stroke the soft panties and feel the crevice between your pussy lips easing open.

"Lick my pussy Steve. Make me cum." She urgently told me. Her hand moved to the back of my head and I felt an insistent pull towards her pussy just an inch away from my lips. I like it when Jessica wants to fuck my face with her pussy. Sometimes, I imagine it like another forbidden servant role of pleasing my lady. It gets all my motors turning when she urgently wants my mouth to be between her legs and tonguing stroking her over and over. I like that first awareness of her spreading her legs wider as my tongue begins to press tighter. Her legs spread more open, one foot a little in front of the other, as her pussy spreads more open. Her panties stretch wider, the sides opening closer to her pussy lips. The cloth shrunk tighter to her body. I can lick with the broader flat of my tongue. All the way up...All the way down....my hands stroked her hips and slid around to caress her hot ass as I licked up and down.

Jessica moaned her pleasure and closed her eyes pulling my head tighter to her. I Rubbed my fingers over her silky sexy bottom, letting my fingers slide under her panties and back out. My nose pressed to her panties and helped to stroke her as did my lower jaw that nibbled at her pussy through the panties. I loved using all my face to excite her pussy. I ate up her pussy like a garden salad, then stroked back down like lemon marangue cream. with just the tip of my tongue sliding between her pussy lips which by now had her panties very deeply tucked between.

I literally dug my tongue into her panties. The cloth was so thin and by now totally wet from my licking and her lubricating juices. Jessica always gets so wet. 

I could feel the swollen clitoris in full bloom beneath the panties. I began to use my tongue and licked around it in a circle. I sucked it out of her into my mouth. My warm hungry pleasing mouth with just the right pressure for controlling and exploring that silky sliding feeling I got of her panties. I took my fingers and stroked her at the very lowest point of her panties between her honey hole and her asshole. Then I slid them up and down the length of those wet long lips like I was jacking off her pussy with my fingers.

I could tell from her loud moaning, she was well on her way to a wonderful orgasm. "Oh yes. Yes Steve rub and suck me like that. Eat my pussy..eat it Steve. Taste my sugar.." 

She was lost in the building pulse of her pussy. Her hands on the back of my head were driving my mouth to her pussy. I no longer had control of my own head, she did. It was her hips and her pussy fucking my face and I loved the control. The feeling of being used and fucked by her pussy. She knew where she wanted to be rubbed. She knew and guided how fast she was rubbed. I was just a tool. Her tool. Her tool to help her cum. I licked her faster and faster trying to assert some kind of control and help her cum. I slid back my hand inside the back of her panties and curled my fingers into her tender wet ass crack. 

She was literally grunting as she stroked. Each grunt a wave of passion. There was sweat on her skin above her panties. I had a mass of wet heat on my face.  My bottom lip stroked and chewed at her clit through her panties. The top hem of her panties kept sinking lower from my face stroking up and down as she rode my face harder and harder. I managed to get out, "It feels like you have nothing on...it feels so good."

"Yes. Steve. Yes. OOOOOhhhh...Harder..HARDER...MAKE ME CUM BABY!!!" Her pleas urged me on as I feverishly licked and sucked for all i was worth. And then I heard her exquisite cry of release. 

"OOOOOOOHHHHHHHHGOODDDDDDDD...YESS!!!!!CUUUMMMMMMMMMMMINNNNNNNNNN NNNGGGGGGGGG!!!!!! And it felt mind numbing body explosive wonderful. 

I felt her hands release their pressure on my head. But i continued my slow licking of her panties. They were saturated with her juices. She had streams of juices trickling out the inside edges of her panties. I liked them all. And sucked her taste over my lips. Then kissed her. I just kissed her panties with both lips like a warm kiss. Just my lips. Just kissing her panties and the lips behind.

Somehow we eventually parted, turned off the TV, and I took her hand in mine. We made our way to the bedroom and now it was going to be my turn. Now it was going to be my turn to fuck her with my face instead of having her fuck my face. I hope that makes sense.

I led her onto the bed and proceeded to remove the rest of my clothes as Jessica watched. Her eyes locked in a lusty smile when she saw my erect cock pointing straight up in the air and drooling precum like honey from a wooden spoon. My own eyes watched as she unhooked her bra and freed her breasts. Oh her breasts looked so lovely. Her nipples so inviting like ripe fruit needing to be tasted and nibbled. But I knew once i started on her nipples I wouldn't be able to stop and I wanted something else right then.

"Turn over lover". I said. 

She didn't hesitate, but never took her eyes from my cock as she turned softly onto her tummy. I loved the way Jessica looked from behind. Those sexy black panties I had only really seen from the front, now I could see from behind. They were even more sexy than i had felt with my fingers. I could not take my eyes off them. I pushed her legs gently apart. Jessica slid a pillow down and tucked it under her so her ass was sticking up higher in the air. This gave me an incredible view of her panty covered pussy as well. Such a tiny umbrella of thin wet silk covered such a warm wonderful garden of delight.

"Oh Steve, make me cum again with that hard cock of yours." she moaned from her closed eyes.

"Soon baby. Soon. But first I want to taste that sweet ass of yours".

"Oh yes Steve. That drives me wild. Lick my Ass Steve. Lick it good. Then stick that big hard cock of yours in me. Please baby. Please fuck me. Fill my cunt Steve."

I lowered myself onto the bed and positioned between her legs. Her hair was wet at the tips. Little drops of sweat made her body shine.  I ran my hands up her legs and kissed the back of her thighs. "My nipples are so hard Steve." she moaned from her pillow. I could see her hands were under her teasing her own nipples. 

To be honest, I didn't really spend much time on her thighs. It was her panties I wanted to kiss. I was too excited to go any slower and moved my lips to them.  I began kissing over her black panties. I paid special attention to the little small space just above the top of her panties at the base of her spine.

Its a very sensitive spot on Jessica. Sometimes she puts a little perfume there for me. And I could smell that wonderful feminine scent touch last night. 

Something about her perfume always surges pleasure and wanting through me. Wanting to show her how appreciative i am and please her back. I kissed more deliberately up her back and let my cock dangle down touching over her ass. She could feel the tip tracing over her panties as I kissed her neck. I lowered my hips to give her the full hard shaft feeling as it filled the length of her ass crack. Her own hips rose to wiggle against me and it felt incredibly wonderful. I was so aroused and excited I could of cum if I just let her ass stroke my cock. But instead of pumping my cum over her panties, I wanted to save it for her pussy. 

I could hardly wait to pull her panties down. Slowly. Very Slowly I worked my lips and tongue back down her back until i began running them from hip to hip. I felt the edge of her panties on my tongue, and began pushing them down lower working from side to side. My cock now touched her calf, and I could feel Jessica's foot twist back and stroking it. Her toes played with the tip of my cock.

I felt like I was opening something so precious the tiniest rush might scratch a perfect surface so slowly, very slowly, I eased her black panties down her ass until they just rested spread wide at the top of her legs. Then my fingertips and tongue began an artistic dance over every tiny part of Jessica's lovely hot ass. I explored her tender anus with my tongue circling it and then easing a gentle finger into her as my other fingers stroked her wet pussy. "Put your cock in my pussy Steve. Please I need to feel it inside me."
