 It came five days before Valentine's Day. Surprise, surprise...I actually got a fucking valentine. At least I was pretty sure it was, because it was that sucky time of year and the envelope was pink.

I thought about stretching out the mystery a little, since no doubt this was going to be it. Mom and dad were dead. I wasn't expecting any more pink mail. Wait a day? Nah...I opened it with my nail and drew out a dull blank card. 

But a big paper dick jumped up when I opened it. Like a fancy kid's book with pop-up sculpture. Wow!

I was pretty surprised, immediately searching for some identification. This was an amazing card. I had been sent a porno valentine, and not just a cute dirty joke, but a pretty hot giant cardboard cock. But who the hell had sent it? There wasn't anything written on it. Just the very real looking big erect penis complete with veins and ridges and a cap on top. 

I went back to the envelope and realized that I'd been so smitten with my potentially romantic mail I hadn't noticed that there wasn't even a return address. Damn!

I loved my card, though, and placed it open on my counter/bar. It looked fantastic and tall. Someone had a beautiful boner out there somewhere. I wished I knew who and where. I mean...did I have an admirer? Or a torturer...was it a joke?

I couldn't quit thinking about my mystery card, right up to Valentine's Day. I wasn't in quite such a bad mood as I'd normally be on this hideous holiday, however. I had a beautiful bottle of tequila on the bar next to my big penis, sort of my new shrine, ha hah. There were a few candles, some beach glass and agates, and a condom I'd found on the mantle recently from a past luckier day.

"Well, puppy. We're having steak tonight!" I said to my best friend next to me.

And I'm having red wine and tequila, too, oh boy. I knew I was having my favorite purple dildo later tonight, too, sigh, my other best friend. I sent a look towards the "still life" on the bar rather wistfully, until I couldn't stand it any more and broke out laughing.

"Time for a drink."

I put one of my favorite playlists on after adding a new addition to it: something hard and loud. Pretty soon I was my usual self, dancing around, playing air guitar and treating my big dog to his favorite chew treat. We knew how to party. After a few shots I would put on my steak and toss a quick salad. Even though I was alone and it was Valentine's Day and there was gross dirty melted snow outside....I was cool. I was always cool.

I danced around and drank and ate. I opened a good bottle of red wine and toasted my big handsome prick on the counter and wished more than I wanted to admit that it was real. It was making me hornier than usual and I wandered towards my studio, where my soft day bed and my porn collection was, next to my toys.

I was already so wet tonight. I'd been pretty aroused off and on all day, not unusual, really. I masturbated at least once a day. I tasted my finger after I put it briefly inside myself, thinking how good and sweet it was. I pulled down my pants and knelt to the floor.

It was always my same fantasy these days. I was on my hands and knees and my tall man was behind me, taking me from behind in every possible way. Then, when I was dripping wet he would return my gift and push his giant cock into my tight gripping pussy, face to face. He would go deep and to the hilt, pushing against my g spot with the force only a powerful man could supply. I loved this scenario and kept returning to it as I put my own fingers in my ass, and my pussy, on my clit.

As my orgasm spun up my body and I let it subside in tingling echoes I slowly rolled over and sighed happily. I did a good job on myself. It was so easy to feel this amazing zing. Why not? Who wouldn't? 

******************************

When I went to my bedroom that night I was still very horny. I was thinking about going back and bringing another toy to bed. Too bad my amazing card was 2D, I laughed to myself.

As I was turning back my soft blankets I heard the little ringing purr of my phone announcing a text. Hmmm...I didn't recognize the number, but the message sent my heart racing.

"did you get my card?"

tell me who you are

"not yet"

k...i like it, tho

"i won't disappoint u"

wait. do i know u?

"no. but i know u"

ur starting to creep me out, but i love the penis

"don't be scared"

i'm more curious than scared

"good"

where r u?

"outside"

And my heart raced to the highest possible rate. Outside here? 

Oh jeez, this was really getting to be immediate. What was I going to do? Oh god, I was glad Buddy was 90 pounds of muscle and teeth and very, very protective. 

I wanted to pursue this intriguing mystery that had been my fantasy all week and now was at my door.

"i am parked in your driveway"

ok. you can come in

His dark car was indeed right there. I couldn't believe I hadn't seen it. His tall silhouette approached the door and my knees felt weak. This was it. Go girl.

I opened it before he could knock. A handsome face smiled at me but I did not recognize him. As he came past me I smelled his cologne and it made me excited. I touched his arm and pulled him into my warm house. He was strong inside his sweatshirt and he grabbed me and pulled me into an embrace.

I was grinning, dispute myself, and he said in the deep voice I hadn't even heard yet, "Hello, Matty."

How did he know me? I liked what I saw. This was insanely exciting...my mind was racing.

After a heavy moment of loaded silence he bent to press a kiss on my eyelids. He had big sexy lips and a kiss with tongue and bumping teeth came next. I was being swept away by a very good feeling right out of the gate. He tasted like cookies and mint and his tongue probed my mouth as I let him into my world. His hands held my ass and he pulled me as close as possible until we broke and took a breath.

He asked if I minded if he took off a layer, and his torso was exposed as his shirt rose up. I was all eyes with man skin before me. And I knew there was lots more to come. I already loved his body.

"I kind of like the mystery of not knowing your name...but you know mine. You look a little familiar, but from where?"

"Do you want to know, or not?"

He was smiling playfully. I saw him look over at my altar with the stiff beautiful arrow and his eyes were wickedly hot and cute. I loved his salt and pepper face hair, a trim and sexy goatee. He had hazel eyes, my favorite, and black hair. There were tattoos on both arms, rather extensive.

Before he would let me answer he kissed me again, in a long deep kiss full of promise. Promise of that big cock going deep inside of me. I was melting, and a completely eager whore. Ready to get more and more of this stranger.

The weirdest thing so far, I realized, was that buddy had not been an exuberant, jumping puppy jerk when our rare guest had entered. He was nearby on the floor watching us, only slightly interested. Meanwhile we were putting on a kissing and groping show. The room was lit with candles as he peeled my shirt up over my head. 

As my bra came off and my nipples were taken into his mouth, he started to back me into the next room. We fell into a large soft chair and he undid my jeans and started to pull them down, showing my silky leopard panties which were soaked through already. 

"Your body is as beautiful as I fantasized. Your pretty little tits are driving me crazy."

He sucked them then, as his hands felt my crotch through the thin material, giving me shivers and I wiggled and groaned a little. I pulled him onto me and we kissed some more. I wanted this to last even as I was ready to climb up onto him right now.

I could feel the bulk of a sizable boner against me. I reached for it as he laughed, "I see that you really did like your valentine."

"I wanted to make it into a paper mache cock and sit on it," I admitted with my own giggle. I was finding it hard to believe how good I felt. My card was real and right here.

I unbuttoned his jeans and tugged to get them off. He had to help me, as his prick was so stiff it was catching: what a wonderful hangup. It was soon standing tall and beating a rhythm inches from my face. I could smell his balls and it made me swoon and drool.

"You can suck me, go ahead."

In just my panties I knelt before the chair and smelled his cock, touching the hot skin to my cool nose. He smelled so delicious I didn't hesitate another second. Taking his weighty length in my hands I stroked the skin out over his beautiful head. He groaned. I was getting my guest hot. He pumped in and out of my hands and I licked the length of him, tip to base and around and over his hairy balls. He had big balls, too, and I loved them.

I could barely keep from writhing on the floor, this was driving me so nuts. I cradled and caressed his sack while I licked and took little sucks up and down his big cock, taking my time. He was working himself all over my face and I couldn't deny him any more so I sucked his head into my cheeks, swirling my tongue. He groaned louder at this and was reward by being completely swallowed. 

I loosened my throat as I let him go deeper and deeper. I was gagging on his size, but it only made him push in more and I was impaled as he started to shake and spasm.

"Matty! I'm going to fuck your brains, break through to your grey matter. Matty...!" And his orgasm grew into a long, jerking groan and my mouth, throat and stomach filled with his bursting semen.

Oh my god, I loved sucking cock! I was wiping my cheeks and my mystery stud was licking his cream off my lips, kissing the last drops I had spilled.

"That was the best blow job of my life," he panted and smiled.

"That was the best blow job of my life, too," I laughed. "Can I have some more, please?"

He pulled me back up to his lap and kissed me long and deep.

"I love the way you taste with my cum in your mouth," he said. "It is the most erotic thing."

He had me naked except my panties, which were ridiculously soaked. He laughed and slipped his finger inside the lace. I swooned silently as he felt my slick lips. I had no hair on my pussy, it was as soft as a child's. His fingers slid around the outside, teasing me to utter torture, putting them inside briefly then back out.

I tried to shift myself onto them, begging for more penetration, but as he kissed my bruised mouth, he tickled my vulva lips lightly and temptingly. I purred and tried not to cum right away, I was so turned on.

His erection had grown huge again for me and I whispered that if he didn't put it inside me soon I was going to go crazy. So he lowered me to the floor and spread my legs apart. His dark eyes glowed in the candle light as he admired my exposed and begging pussy. He put the head at my entrance and paused long enough to get a punch and a smack from me. 

"Give me that big cock of yours now!"

I shouted as he obliged me, thrusting his length into my tight muscles and joining me to the hilt. It hurt and filled me so wonderfully my eyes rolled back into my head. I called something out, but there wasn't a name for me to say.

"Baby, Baby...baby! Fuck me, baby. Fuck me hard like that, please. You feel so good."

"You are so tight, Matty. I love your tight hot pussy, baby."

We were fucking so good, it was such good fucking. I was getting close to the edge with every deep hit against my g spot. I told him I was going to cum as he really started to give it to me, pressing against the back of me and pulling it out of me. I know I was shouting, and I came a long time as he humped me saying he was cumming with me.

We broke together, like waves on a stormy beach. It was a crashing orgasm for me, like I couldn't remember. It left me unable to speak, but I was laughing and practically crying at the same time. I felt great.

He wiped the hair out of my eyes and kissed my panting mouth. We were a mess. The candles had gone out. Buddy was snoring.

"I think you are going to have to tell me who it is that I am a sex slave to for as long as he wants." I smiled.

"You have well earned that information, my love. I have longed to enter you, I mean your life, for a while now." 

He had a twinkle in those hazel eyes. He touched my wet messy lap, put his fingers inside my sticky snatch again. He kissed his fingers and moaned slightly. 

"Your taste is better than I have hoped for. I have to have that pussy for my tongue. It is so silky, babe."

"Ok, it is all yours. But quit stalling. What's your name? How do you know me?" I almost didn't want to spoil the mystery, though, it was so hot to be with a stranger. 

"I found you online. I read your stories. I recognized your profile picture one day when I saw you in a market. You were gone before I had a chance to meet you."

"You're my stalker!" I teased him, feeling hot again. I wasn't invisible.

"Ha hah, yes, I'm your stalker. I knew you'd like my card. I had it made just for you."

"Yes, I recognize the picture now! I love your cock, baby. I can't believe I got my wish."

"No more paper cock for you, dear." 

And with that he pressed his heavy, very real erection into my hands and whispered his name in my ear.