 25 days to paradise

I awoke in the morning on Saturday having slept exceptionally well. My balls felt free. My scrotum relaxed. A hint of pussy lingered on my face. Maybe it was this subtle aroma therapy that made my sleep so sound, or maybe it was having completely drained my testicles in my various sexcapades this past week. I rolled over and snuggled against my wife's warm naked body. 

"Good morning my love", I whispered to Carol.

"Mmm, good morning."

Carol snuggled back against me and wrapped one of her arms around mine.

"Did you sleep well?" I queried.

"Mmm hmmm. How could I not. Did you?"

"Like a worn out puppy."

My wife wiggled and squirmed, rolling over to face me. She wrapped her left arm over me, slipped her left leg between mine and wrapped her right hand around my cock.

"And how's my little love puppy felling this morning?"

Carol snuggled her head into my chest. I felt the blood slowly filling my penis.

"Well rested and ready for the day." I replied.

"Mmm Do you want to change that to 'and ready to go'?" my wife tried to correct me.

Her soft holding of my cock had turned to gentle tugs and twists. My body was saying yes, my mind was saying "again? I'm not sure we can do this again.'

Carol tilted her head up and kissed me.

""good morning my puppy" she said again. "Is that pussy I smell on your lips? Mmm, it smells good. Did you enjoy your pussy dessert last night my little puppy dog? I think it's time we wake up, don't you?"

Carol kissed me again then threw back the sheets and blankets. She kissed my neck and shoulders. She slowly worked her way down my body stopping to kiss and suck on my nipples. Her hands left my cock and she started dragging her nails across my skin any where she could reach. Carol reached my cock with her hot morning mouth, picking it up by the head with only her mouth, her hands continuing to scratch awake the rest of my body.

Carol gave wonderful blow jobs. When we first met it wasn't her favorite activity in bed but over the years she learned to love sucking cock and it showed.

Carol held just the head on my cock in her mouth. She applied pressure by sucking rather strongly. She massaged the head with her tongue, increasing my pleasure by varying the intensity of her sucking. Finally she started working my shaft into her mouth, coating as much as could with her hot saliva. Her hands continued softly scratching my skin.

Carol moved her self from between my legs, setting up camp beside me.

"I think my puppy is waking up." Carol murmured peering down at my erect lingam. She placed her right hand around my shaft and pulled it down against my belly. She placed her lips on my shaft and began sliding her mouth along its full length. At the bottom she would take one testicle into her mouth. Suck it and roll it around then travel back up the full length of my shaft giving my head another firm suck. On her next journey down Carol would take the other testicle into her mouth so it didn't feel left out.

I caressed my wife's back and ass and finally reaching her pussy sliding my fingers along her slippery slit. I pulled myself around with my head beside my wife's knee, my hands now sliding from under her massaging her clit and probing her vagina. Carol had resumed sucking my cock trying her best to take as much into her mouth as she could. Even though she couldn't deep throat me as my new little tanning salon lover could, Carol's oral techniques had plenty of merits. Her moans of appreciation from my massaging of her clit and pussy vibrated down my shaft, tickling my balls. Carol's pussy was slick with her nectar. Her clit felt hard under my fingers making it easy to manipulate and stimulate. I could tell my wife was enjoying my handy work. Her sucking had become slower at times, her focus being diverted to her own pleasure.

I grabbed Carol's leg with my free hand. Carol stopped sucking my cock and looked at me. "Does my puppy want his breakfast now?" she asked lifting her leg over my head and positioning her pussy over my face. My wife's constant puppy references were setting a theme in my mind. I grabbed a pillow cramming it under my head so my lover could more comfortably make her luscious pussy available to my mouth. It also allowed this puppy to service his alpha-bitch's pleasure zone without his neck tiring before the job was done.

We sucked and licked in our writhing 69, humming and moaning our way towards our morning orgasms. Carol suddenly sat up, my nose burying itself in her sumptuous ass. Carol held my cock stroking it moaning "Oh yes. Oh yes." She squeezed my cock and rode my face through her sunrise climax.

I allowed her a moment to calm down then pushed her hips up and slid out from under her.

"This little doggie wants his turn now my love", I suggested to my wife. 

She took my hint precisely as I intended. Carol turned around facing the bottom of the bed and grabbed hold of the foot board. She raised her ass in the air, her shiny pussy opening before me waiting to be probed. I knelt between Carol's legs, my cock pointing the way to K9 paradise. My cock penetrated Carol, the intensity of the heat in her pussy engulfing every inch of my rod as it slid deeper and deeper into her. I locked my hands on her flared hips driving in and out of my beautiful wife. Deeper and faster my thrusts became, increasing in intensity with the rising pressure in my balls. I grunted and emptied my load into my wife's steaming pussy. We collapsed on the bed together in a heap of sweating satisfied human flesh and echoing choruses of "Oh god. Oh god." We kissed and touched each other lightly, smiling, panting and recouping.

We rolled out of bed once our faculties had normalized themselves and we finished congratulating each other on our fabulous morning love-making. We roamed around the house naked. In the kitchen Carol got the coffee started then headed for the shower. I put together some breakfast and poured the coffee when it was ready. I delivered coffee and scones to Carol as she finished drying herself off.

She greeted my delivery with a "Thanks love."

She squeezed my cock and kissed me on the lips. "My little puppy was a real stallion this morning. I can't wait to ride my stallion again in Jamaica in one of our favorite hideaways."

"Me too," I replied setting down the tray of breakfast and stepping into the shower.

After I showered and finished breakfast, I did a few things around the house and headed off to the salon. Carol headed out to get groceries while I tanned.

The parking lot was full and the salon was jammed. People coming and going and some people waiting for their favorite machine. An attractive woman my age greeted me when I arrived.

"Can I help you?"

"I have an orientation scheduled for 11:00."

"Mr. Hampstead?"

"Yes. That's me."

"Okay, your orientation is with Stephanie. She has you booked for an 8 minute session; make that a 16 minute session. Let me get Stephanie for you."

The lady left and returned in a few minutes with Stephanie.

"Hello Mr. Hampstead." Stephanie greeted me as she would any new customer. "Are you ready to begin your orientation?"

"Yes I am Stephanie. Lead the way."

"We'll start here at the front desk Mr. Hampstead. This is where we maintain your account and where you can purchase moisturizer, goggles and blah blah blah."

My mind warped to sex. So once again I wasn't listening to anything Stephanie was saying. Stephanie was wearing a tight white polo shirt with the salon logo jutting out at me from her left breast. Her ass was covered by a very short loosely pleated skirt, school-girlish in its appearance. I swear I could smell her pussy aroma filling the air around her and being buffeted to me by the slowly spinning ceiling fans. I felt my cock growing in my pants. How could this be after the great sex I had with my wife this morning and all the sex I had had this week? I tried to stop thinking about Stephanie's tight pussy. I looked at her face. Her mouth was moving, words were coming out and all I could think about was how well she sucked my cock with her full moist lips. I stepped towards the counter trying to hide my growing erection from the busy staff and waiting customers.

"... some of the machines now." "Mr Hampstead?"

Stephanie's boss looked up. "Mr. Hampstead? Stephanie will show you some of the machines now and give you a demo on the one you've been assigned to for your session today."

"Huh, yeah. Okay Stephanie. That would be great."

"Follow me please."


We walked down the hall. Stephanie stopped at a few rooms that were occupied talking about the machines inside.

"Here's a room I can show you Mr. Hampstead." Stephanie literally pulled me into the room and closed the door behind me.

"Kiss me." Stephanie said standing on her toes, tilting her head up to meet my lips, grabbing my swollen cock through my pants. We kissed.

"I've been dying to do that ever since I saw you," I told my little lover.

"Me too," Stephanie whispered.

She returned to her staff persona. Stephanie turned toward the machine. It was a stand up model.

"So you put your feet where the little foot prints are on the floor, here and here." Stephanie bent down from the waist, her legs perfectly straight., touching the floor, her short skirt riding up over her ass, revealing to me that she was not wearing any underwear. I walked over to her and slid my hand over her bare pussy lips.

Stephanie responded with a low soft, "MMMM".

Stephanie stood up and leaned against me reaching around her back to squeeze my cock once again. I wrapped an arm around her midriff reaching up with my hand to squeeze her plump tits. My other hand slid between her legs which Stephanie kindly parted giving me access to her quickly moistening pussy.

"I wish we could fuck right now Stephanie."

Stephanie didn't say anything. She grabbed my hand. Brushed her other hand over the front of her skirt making sure it didn't reveal her nakedness underneath. She led me out of the room we were in, down the hall and into the room with the "mattress" tanning bed. She closed the door behind me and locked it.

"Be quiet and just listen," Stephanie whispered "Don't say anything, just follow my lead. Get your shirt off."

"Now Mr. Hampstead." Stephanie began. She tugged at my belt while I removed my shirt. "This is our most comfortable tanning bed but it takes twice as long because you only tan one side at a time. " Stephanie had my pants undone and had me stepping out of them. My cock was at full attention pointing directly at its intended target.

"Halfway through you will hear an alarm and the machine will rise. That's your cue to turn over. You can take as much time as you need. If you need to re-apply some moisturizer that's fine, the machine will wait.'

Stephanie was on her knees in front of me removing my shoes and pants and stroking my cock every chance she got

"When you get back in the machine you just push the start button again and the machine will tan your other side. Some people actually fall asleep in this machine. If you're taking longer than we think you should and if we hear the machine has shut off we will knock on the door to make sure everything is okay and that you're awake. Now Mr. Hampstead I need you to slowly repeat everything I just told you so I know you understand how the machine works. Okay?"

"Okay."

With that Stephanie took my cock in her mouth and started sucking me while I tried to repeat what she had told me. My shower fantasy the night before was actually happening. My cock quickly grew to fill Stephanie's hungry mouth though I wasn't sure there was any semen left in my balls to satisfy her thirst.

"This is your most comfortable machine but it takes twice as long because you only tan one side at a time." I stopped and luxuriated in the sweet blow job I was receiving.

Stephanie stopped, looked up at me and prompted my recitation "Continue please".

"oh yeah" and her mouth was back around my cock. There were people walking around and talking. Doors were opening and closing. I looked up and realized the walls didn't go all the way to the ceiling.

"umm, the machine stops half way through so you can turn over." God this blow job felt so good. "umm... mmmm... ohhhhh mmmmmm, uhhh yeah," I was having a difficult time concentrating and recalling what Stephanie had said given the wonderful sucking I was receiving. " tuhh take all the time you need."

Stephanie stood up and grabbed the moisturizer. She kissed me then whispered "turn around so I can put your moisturizer on your back."

I turned around and Stephanie started rubbing my back. She quickly covered my entire back from head to toe. I figured she was in a hurry to return to the front and assist other customers.

"Okay Mr. Hampstead." Stephanie wasn't whispering now, so anyone walking by or in neighboring rooms could certainly hear her as well. "I'm going to step out of the room so you can get undressed and get ready for your tanning. I'll come by the room every now and then in case you need anything."

Stephanie whispered in my ear again. "Don't move." She walked away from me and I heard the door open then close. I spun around and Stephanie was still in the room. She had the biggest grin on her face. She slid her skirt off and her top, placing them on the stool then tiptoed over to me, grabbed my cock, kissed me and whispered "I've never done this before."

She jumped up on the mattress and motioned for me to join her. Her legs were spread, her pussy wet and glistening. I climbed on top of her. "Fuck me Mr. H.", Stephanie pleaded to me in her huskiest whisper.

My cock slid into her hot pussy. Stephanie reached out and pushed the start button. The tanning lights lowered and stopped just shy of my back. We ground our pelvises together. It was hot under the lights. The fans whirred drowning out our low decibel moans. At least we hoped they did. It was a different kind of fuck not being able to pump away wildly... the way I felt like going at it given the excitement Stephanie had built inside me. Pushing and grinding against each other I could feel Steph's pubic bone trapping my cock inside her hot little love furnace. Hearing people walking around on the other side of the paper thin walls that did not reach to the ceiling just added to my excitement. I wondered how many people had fucked here in the middle of their busiest day. Not many I'm sure.

Stephanie's pussy worked its magic in about 5 minutes. I unloaded a blast of cum deep inside her. Stephanie smiled a big beaming smile.

"This was so exciting. Thank you for being so adventurous Mr. H. The girls won't believe we actually did this in the middle of a Saturday."

Stephanie covered my lips with hers while hundreds of questions raced through my head and the last couple of minutes ticked off the machine.

The girls? What girls? They know we've been fucking in here? Who are these girls? And if they don't know they will. What girls? Girls that work here? Girls at school? What do they already know? Shit man, what's the deal here? Fuck. I could get really screwed. GIRLS!?!?! PLURAL!?!? My mind was screaming.

Needless to say my cock was completely flaccid by the time the alarm sounded for me to turn over. I crawled out of the machine. Stephanie followed rolling out right behind me.

"Girls Stephanie? What girls?" I whispered to Stephanie.

"Oh just some friends of mine Mr. H. They don't know who you are. I would never tell Mr. H. honest. You're just a customer as far as they know. Honest Mr. H."

Stephanie grabbed the moisturizer. She slopped some onto her hands then handed me the tube. "Better rub some on your arms, face and chest Mr. H." Steph started rubbing it on my legs, balls and cock. My mind was still reeling. Somehow though Stephanie's magical hands were bringing life to my softened cock once again.

"Better get in Mr. H."

I turned and climbed into the bed and settled onto a huge wet spot on the sheet. Stephanie pushed the start button for me again and got herself dressed. She kneeled beside my head and talked about what she had told her friends.

Then she explained "You see Mr. H, I decided I would fuck one customer a month at most while I worked here. If I had the chance anyway. Until you came around I hadn't found anyone worth making love with. "

The machine stopped and I rolled out.

"Honest Mr. H. no one will ever know who you are."

I got dressed and Stephanie showed me out to the front.

"How was your orientation Mr. Hampstead?" a voice asked.

I turned to look. It was the attractive older woman who had greeted me when I arrived. Well she was older than Stephanie and the girls who worked in the spa, but probably not older than I was.

"pardon me?" I responded.

"Your orientation. Did Stephanie do a good job showing you around? Were you satisfied with her service?"

"Hmm, satisfied? Oh. Yes. Absolutely. Stephanie was wonderful. Very informative and knowledgeable about so many things. She surprised me more than once with what she was able to share with me today."

Stephanie looked at me quizzically wondering what I meant by my last comment. I would share that with her on my next visit.