 27 days to paradise

Thursday I worked regular hours, got home and had dinner then sat and did some work for a while in my home office. I was completely unable to concentrate. All I could think about was getting to the tanning salon and fucking Stephanie.

I jumped up from my desk in our home office at 9:35 "Oh shit!" I yelled. "I'm supposed to be tanning tonight. Damn it. I think I still have time to get there."

"Why don't you just go tomorrow?" asked my wife.

"It's Friday tomorrow and I love spending my Friday nights with you. If I miss tonight it will make Monday's tanning a waste. I will lose whatever I gained on Monday and our Friday night will be interrupted."

"Okay then but you'd better get going. Why don't you call to make sure they will stay open?"

"Great idea." I pulled out the card from the salon and dialed while I shutdown my computer. 

Stephanie answered the phone "Hello Mr. Hampstead. I've been waiting for you all night"

"Hello. Well yes. I'm running a bit late and can be there by 9:55 will you still be open."

"Just for you Mr. Hampstead. I'm getting up now to turn off the open sign so no one will be here to bother us."

"Oh, that's great. Thank you so much. I'll see you in a few minutes."

"I can't wait. I'm warming the moisturizer and taking some clothes off as we speak. You can shower here if you want to Mr. Hampstead. I would love to suck your cock in the shower Mr. Hampstead."

"Right. Bye then."

I hung up the phone. I hoped my wife wouldn't see the growing lump in my pants that Stephanie's little talk had stimulated.

"They said they are really busy so yes they will be open a little later tonight. Do you need me to stop anywhere on the way home hon?" 

"No there's nothing I need. I'm heading to bed. Try not to make too much noise when you get home."

"Okay hon" and I bent over and gave my a wife a quick peck on the cheek.

I grabbed my moisturizer and goggles and bounded out the door.

As Stephanie promised the "OPEN" light was out and most of the other lights were off in the salon as well. I walked up to the door and pulled it open. Stephanie came out from one of the rooms. She was wearing a bikini top and a short skirt.

She walked towards me. "Hello Mr. Hampstead." Stephanie purred. She walked by me dragging her hand across my crotch. "I've been thinking about you Mr. Hampstead."

"I've been thinking about you too Stephanie." 

Stephanie reached the door, pulled it closed tightly and turned the dead bolt. "No one will bother us now. Follow me Mr. Hampstead."

We walked to the back. "I think you should try this machine tonight." It was another stand up with no doors. "It just came in and has a new kind of light that emits less UVB."

"I thought you said you were taking your clothes off Stephanie? I thought you were going to be naked when I arrived."

Stephanie stepped towards me, tilted her head for a kiss. As I kissed her, Stephanie took one of my hands and placed it between her legs. Hot wet pussy greeted my fingers. Stephanie broke our kiss. 

"I just said I was taking off some clothes, I didn't say I would be naked. I do think it's time you got naked though."

Stephanie initiated another kiss and tugged at my belt until it was undone. Seconds later my pants were around my ankles and the waistband of my underwear lowered enough to give Stephanie full unfettered access to my cock and balls. I had successfully undone Stephanie's bikini top and had one hand filled with her gorgeous breast and the other with a tight round butt cheek. Stephanie let go of my cock and wrapped her arms around my neck. She jumped and hoisted herself up wrapping her legs around my waist. I grabbed her other ass cheek. My cock rested under her pussy getting coated in her hot lotion. I lifted her away then pulled her toward me. My cock slid into her hot twat where it had been destined from the moment I left home.

"I've been dreaming of your cock inside me all day Mr. Hampstead. God it feels so good."

"And all day today I couldn't concentrate on anything except fucking you tonight."

Our lips locked in a deep kiss. I started pumping my little tanning salon nymph. My cock slid easily in and out of Stephanie's cunt like a piston in a well oiled cylinder. We bucked and moaned in unison. Stephanie taking all I could give her and seemingly wanting more.

I pounded her harder building tension in my balls and in her pussy. We broke our kiss.

"Uh. Uh. Uh. Mmmmm." Stephanie hummed and bit down on my shoulder. Her body quivered uncontrollably.

"Oh wow. Oh WOW!" my sex kitten roared.

My knees buckled with the first jet of sperm I released into Stephanie's cunt. Three more blasts and I fell back against the wall just behind me.

"Oh god that was good." Stephanie confirmed.

"Damn girl. Where did someone so young learn to fuck so well? That was amazing."

I held Stephanie in place with my cock firmly planted inside her. My cum started to drain from her pussy along my shaft and down my thighs.

"I don't know. I haven't been fucked like this before. Maybe I'm just a natural or maybe you're a good teacher. "

We kissed. My cock slid from its warm hiding place. I lowered Stephanie to the floor.

"That was so amazing Mr. Hampstead. It was better than any of the fantasies I had of you today, and some of those were pretty good. Let's get you showered and ready for your tanning Mr. H. "

Stephanie took my hand and led me to the shower. This girl had an amazing body all built around an incredible ass that I just loved walking behind. 

Stephanie got the water started. We kissed while the hot water made its way from the heater.

"What else can you teach me Mr. Hampstead?.

"I'm not sure I've taught you anything yet Stephanie. You already seem to know everything. What do you think you could possibly learn from me that you don't already know?'

Stephanie directed me into the shower. We started washing each other while we talked.

"Would you have anal sex with me? Since your fist visit all I've been thinking about is how good your tongue felt when it was in my ass. I've been wondering... okay... fantasizing about how good your cock would feel fucking my ass. Turn around."

I turned around as commanded, "Have you tried anal sex before?" I asked Stephanie. "I mean, it's a different experience that a lot of people don't like."

Stephanie was washing my back and butt. And reaching between my legs and washing my balls.

"Not really. Your finger and tongue were like the first things I've had in my butt. I had a couple of boyfriends try stuff but it always hurt so I stopped them before it went very far."

I turned around, "I'll wash your back now."

Stephanie handed me the soap and turned herself around. It all felt so natural with this young girl, like we had been lovers for months or years.

"But it felt so amazing when you did it Mr. H. I tried a couple of things at home the last couple of days. They felt okay but not as good as when you did it."

I crouched down behind Steph and started washing her legs and butt. Her ass was so perfect. I started to think about fucking her tight little anus. Stephanie was saying something. I was hearing her but I wasn't listening to her. 

"blah blah touching my blah blah blah and then blah blah blah..."

Her ass was so perfectly shaped and sat so high atop her gorgeous legs.

...kinda hurt blah blah blah. He would blah blah blah blah like blah blah blah you know?"

"Um hmm."

"And blah blah..."

I washed her thighs and watched her spread her legs a little. Her cute freshly fucked pussy winked at me through the gap at the top of her legs. I stood up washing her gorgeous cheeks. I slid one hand after the other up the glorious space between them. Reaching further and further between her legs until my strokes started at her clit and journeyed along her pussy then up past her anus.

"blah blah blah.... Mr H.? Mr. H.!?!"

"Hmm?"

"So why didn't it hurt when you did it to me?"

"Sorry Stephanie I was lost in the pleasure of washing your wonderful body. Why stimulating your anus didn't hurt?" I asked confirming we were on the same subject as the last time I was paying attention.

"Yes! Why your finger in my ass felt so good when it always felt so bad when other people have tried that."

"My guess is because you were really aroused." I could feel how wet her pussy was now. I reached one hand around her waist and started massaging her clit.

"Mmmm. You really know how to touch a woman Mr. H." Stephanie murmured.

My other hand was sliding through her ass cheeks my fingers massaging her anus each time they passed.

"Really aroused huh? You mean like I am now Mr. H?"

With that I slid the tip of a finger into her anus.

"Mmm" was Stephanie's sole response.

"Just like now Stephanie".

I held the tip of my finger rather still in her tight little anus. I slid the fingers of my left hand through her slippery pussy lips slowly rolling them around and over her tender clit. Regular journeys up her love canal elicited moans, purrs and cries of pleasure. Stephanie's hips gyrated responding to her enjoyment and searching to maximize her pleasure. Her anus now held my finger up to its second knuckle. I began sliding the first half of my finger in and out of her anus. 

"Oh god. Oh god. That is so good. I'm going to cum again."

Stephanie hung her head between her shoulders than tossed it back throwing a stream of water over both of us. I plunged my finger into her anus as far as it would go. An 'Umph' escaped Stephanie's lips when my second knuckle first squeezed past her sphincter.

"Oh yes! Oh yes!" Stephanie screamed. "I want more. I want more in my ass. Please give me your cock Mr. H.?" She pleaded.

"Another time Stephanie." I instructed.

"I want to cum so badly but I can't tell if it's my ass or my pussy making me cum."

Her ass tightened. Her gyrations ceased.

A chorus of "Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!" spewed from Stephanie. Her hips rocking, Her knees buckling, Her anus pulsing around my finger, my little love partner came with a thunderous orgasm. Her head hung between her shoulders again. Her chest heaving in deep consuming pants. Her body twitching in response to the decreasing orgasmic aftershocks rippling through her nervous system.

"How... how do you... how are you able to do that to me Mr. H? I have never had such intense orgasms. I am completely spent."

"Who knows the answer to that Stephanie? Look, I hate to rush someone after an orgasm, but I had better get my tanning session started, otherwise my wife will wonder why my skin isn't three shades darker when I get home."

"Sure, Sure thing Mr. H."


Stephanie turned off the shower. We toweled ourselves and each other dry and walked back to the tanning room.

"Assume the position Mr. H." Stephanie grinned wickedly.

"Excuse me?"

"Turn around and put your hands on the wall silly. I need to put your moisturizer on"

"Oh yeah. I forgot. But no playing around, okay?"

"Okay Mr. H. But you still need this everywhere so I will have to touch your wonderfully cock and balls. But I promise, I won't play with them... well at least not for too long."

Stephanie began her moisturizer application on my back with her talented hands. This night she spent a little less time massaging my back. I felt Stephanie crouch down behind me and heard her squirt more cream into her hands. My legs and butt received a similar massage. My cock was filling with blood again anticipating Stephanie's touch.

"Mmmm your balls look so good from here Mr. H. And that cock of yours... it's so delicious looking. You can turn around now."

I was surprised Stephanie hadn't touched me. She was playing fair and being true to her word of no extra playtime. I turned around. Stephanie stood up filling her hands with more lotion. She moved in close to me, pushed my erection down with the back of her hand and held it between her legs against her pussy.

"Stephanie?" I said questioning her motives.

"I'm just keeping it out of the way Mr. H. I promise."

She rubbed my shoulders and chest and somehow managed to get her hands between our navels spreading the lotion over my abs. Her hands returned to my chest. Stephanie moved her focus to my nipples, not a place a lot of women spend time on a man. She rolled the palm of her hands ever so softly over my little brown nubs. The sensations surprised me. My cock twitched a couple of times in response.

"I love having someone touch my nipples this way Mr. H, and based on that little dance your cock is doing between my legs I think you like it too."

Stephanie pinched and twisted my left nipple, then returned to soft caresses. A pinch and twist of my right nipple. And my cock twitched again. She continued to alternate her squeezing and caressing of my nipples. Their sensitivity was rising with each subsequent pinch.

"I think that's enough for now Mr. H. I don't have to ask if you like that, your bobbing cock told me all I need to know. A girl friend of mine taught me that."

Before I could absorb what Stephanie just said she dropped to her knees.

"One last area to prep for your tanning."

Stephanie dispensed more lotion into her hands while staring at my full erection. She leaned forward and slid my cock into her warm mouth.

"god that feels good Stephanie. "

Without her hands Stephanie slowly worked my cock deeper and deeper into her mouth until I was sliding into her throat. What a talent this girl was. She stopped before I unloaded a wad of cum into her throat.

"That should keep you hard for the duration of your session."

Her hands began massaging my balls and cock. I was so close to blasting a load onto her face when she stopped again.

"Tan time Mr. H. Get into the machine."

Stephanie jumped up and ran to the front of the salon to load the machine with minutes from my account. I stepped into the machine. The time flashed up on the screen and I pressed start. My balls throbbed and my cock remained hard for the 6 minutes I tanned just as Stephanie had predicted. I turned to step out of the machine. Stephanie was on her knees waiting for me. Her hands filled with lotion. She grabbed my cock.

"I have to finish what I started Mr. H."

She rubbed, stroked and massaged me. It was only a couple of minutes when I felt my balls tighten trying to hold back the flood of semen trying to escape. Stephanie moved her face closer and opened her mouth. My first blast hit her forehead. Stephanie adjusted her position and caught most of my subsequent spurts in her mouth with the rest of my jizz landing on her face.

My little sex kitten wrapped her mouth around the head of my cock sucking out the last few dribbles.

"Thank you Mr. H." 

Staring me in the eyes Stephanie took a finger and began scooping my cum off her face and into her mouth, sucking every last morsel from her thickly coated digit.

"Thank you Stephanie. You're really an amazing lover for your age."

"Thanks Mr. H."

Stephanie stood up, hugged me and kissed me softly.

"I've already booked you in for Saturday Mr H. I've got you down for an orientation starting at 11:00."

"Thanks Steph. But an orientation? Haven't we already done that?"

"Well yes. But I forgot to record it in the system and we have to do an orientation by the end of your third visit or we get in trouble. My boss will be here Saturday so I need to do one with you. Is that okay?"

"Sure Steph. I wouldn't want you to get in trouble." And we both laughed knowing how much trouble she would be in if her boss found out she was sucking and fucking me every time I came in for a tan

After we got dressed we kissed each other goodbye and made our own way home.