 Ch 1 - 30 days

It was Mon. Oct 26th . In 30 days we would be headed to Jamaica on vacation. For 351 days a year my wife and I led a rather prudish life. Ordinary, most people would say by when compared to our 14 days in paradise, "prudish" was a more appropriate word.

For 14 days we threw away our clothes and inhibitions. We spent our days on the nude beach and our nights enjoying sex in as many different ways and places as we could find.

This year the economy and our work schedules would only allow us 7 days in the sun. We decided for the first time in our lives we would pre-tan before our vacation. 14 days always permitted us time to cultivate a deep rich even tan. 7 days wouldn't work. 

My wife had found a place near her office to start her tanning program. I allowed her to do the research, and find the best style and safest way to bronze our skin. A lot of people were touting spray on tans. I couldn't be convinced to use that method. I couldn't believe that inhaling something that was dying my skin wasn't going to be trouble for my insides somewhere down the road. 

I scoped out a few tanning salons between my commuter train and home to investigate. Tonight I had worked late and had dinner at the office. I was hoping one or two places would still be open. I was stopped at a red light and looked across the intersection to see if the tanning place in a little strip mall was open. A neon "OPEN" sign glowed in the window of "A Darker Shade of Pale". I guess the owner was making some obscure tribute to the old Procol Harum song. I pulled into the parking lot at 8:51pm according to the clock in my car.

Their Hours of Operation sign said they were open until 9:00 on a Monday night. I opened the door and was welcomed by an attractive young woman I would guess to be about 19. I expected to find someone sporting a deep bronze exterior but Stephanie, which her name tag revealed to me, had only a gentle hint of tan on her complexion.

"Hello. Can I help you?"

Yeah, uh Hi. I want to find out about tanning indoors and about your facilities."

Each step I took brought me closer to this young beauty and brought more of her beauty into focus.

"I can help you with that. We have a special right now; your first three sessions for only $1.00 each. What do you want to know and what is it you want to accomplish in tanning?"

I stopped at the edge of the counter peering down at a pretty face framed by beautiful hair that parted as it past her shoulders and ended just atop her firm smooth bosom.

"I am gong on vacation in a month and I want to.."

"Have a tan already started when you arrive," Stephanie finished my thought for me getting up from her chair.

"Yes." I answered following the curves of her torso. Her tank top pinching in at her tiny waist. Her white tights curving out around her well formed hips and angling from her navel down between her thighs revealing the outline of her plump pussy lips.

"And reduce your probability of burning."

"Yes!" My mind was busy spinning a scene of me teaching this young lady the pleasures of making love with an experienced lover.

"Okay. Do you prefer doing it laying down or standing up?"

"Pardon." I looked at Stephanie wide-eyed and a little surprised, wondering if she could read my mind.

"Tanning." She giggled and maybe even blushed a little. "We have beds and tanning machines where you stand up. And of course we have spray on tanning too."

"Nope. No spray on for me. I don't want to have chemicals sprayed all over my body and be inhaling something into my lungs that is capable of changing the color of my skin."

"I agree! That stuff kinda freaks me out too" Stephanie exclaimed "but we had to provide the service because so many people were asking for it. I mean having that stuff land on my nipples and well, my other sensitive parts really freaks me out. Okay, why don't we start by giving you a tour?"

I followed Stephanie around listening to her explanations but mostly admiring her tight little body. If I heard more than half of what she said I would be amazed. Stephanie was wearing a snug white tank top that hugged her ample and free bosom. Her matching white tights clung to her ass, thighs and camel-toe pussy lips like a second skin. Every time she turned around I was staring at some part of her anatomy. When she turned away from me and when I was walking behind her I stared endlessly at her round firm butt. When she turned to face me my eyes bounced between her breasts, pussy and occasionally stared into her deep brown eyes. If she didn't see the growing bulge in my pants she was as blind as I was deaf during our little tour. I thought I caught her checking out the lump growing in my pants but she was more subtle ogling me than I was ogling her. 


Stephanie walked me into several rooms. They were all neat and cleaner than I expected. The equipment all looked brand new even though I know the business had been here for at least 5 years. There were several bed type tanners some more basic than others some more powerful, some you were in for 20 minutes some for only 7, but it was the stand up models that appealed to me. I couldn't imagine laying on plastic or glass with all those hot lights surrounding me, especially thinking how many people had done it before me and been sweating all over the same glass.

"I think I prefer the stand up models. So what's the process, how does it work? What do I need to do?"

"well you sign up for a number of minutes. The more you buy the cheaper each minute is. We open an account and each time you come in we deduct minutes from your account. If you want to sign up I can do that for you tonight."

What if I want to start tonight? I have 30 days before my trip and I will probably only get a few sessions in before I go. I know it's already past closing time."

"Don't worry about closing time, it only takes about 15 minutes from start to finish. Every night except Monday and Tuesday we're open until 10:00 so I'm used to being a little later. And you seem nice so I will wait for you to finish. Did you bring goggles and your moisturizer?"

"Goggles and moisturizer. Nope. Do I need those things?"

"Ummm. You've really never done this before have you," Stephanie asked me.

"No. Never."

"Okay. So you need to moisturize so your skin doesn't dry out in the heat and the goggles keep you from getting, well, like sun spots in your eyes from the bright lights and they keep your eyelids from getting burned. Do you still want to do this?"

"Yep."

"and start tonight?"

"Yep if you truly don't mind staying a bit later. I really appreciate that."

Stephanie was sitting behind the front desk resting on her elbows. I was moving my gaze between her eyes and her exposed c-cups.

"I don't mind. So let's get you signed up."

Stephanie started taking my name and how many sessions I wanted to buy and added in the moisturizer and goggles. While she was typing and I was eyeing her ample bosom Stephanie managed to ask me about my vacation and why I was doing this for the first time. 

She was so disarming in her glee and innocence. I mentioned the nude beach we always looked forward to sunbathing on without thinking about what I was saying.

"Cool. You go to a nude beach. Wow. That is so cool."

"Oh. Speaking of that. Can I do this uh, naked?

Giggle. "Most people do. Unless you want tan lines for the nude beach." Giggle.

"Uh no. I don't want that. Ummm, do I need sunscreen or just the moisturizer for uhh..."

"Your nibbly bits?" giggle. "No sunscreen, or you get tan lines. But be sure to use the moisturizer. You don't want your skin down there to get all flakey and itchy"

A series of questions about the nude beach followed including questions about the various body types you see and the activities and...

"Don't you get aroused with all those naked people around. Like, for a girl it's not a problem, but what do you do if you sprout an erection?" Stephanie asked glancing down at my crotch.

"Well, surprising enough," I paused, "I can't believe I'm having this conversation with..."

"Someone my age?"

"No, actually, just that I'm having this conversation. It's really a very private thing we have never shared with anyone."

"Don't worry Mr. Hampstead, your secret is safe with me."

" Okay well at this point.... Anyway, nude beaches, at least the ones we go to, aren't about sex, they're about being free and comfortable. It's sensual being naked all day in a public place with someone you love but it's not really about sex."

"But you must see some people you find attractive and people you would want to do the nasty with? I mean, don't you fantasize about that while you're there? I mean, I know I would. I'm thinking about it now while I'm sitting here and it's arousing"

"Well there are some people you think about in that way, when I do, amazingly, it always seems to be time to turn over and tan my backside."

We both laughed. I glance down at Stephanie's pussy to see if there was any evidence of her proclaimed arousal, but I couldn't notice any damp spots on her white tights.

"Okay, before you embarrass me anymore can we do this thing?"

Stephanie had finished setting up my account. She stood up and said "Follow me. I'll show you to your room."

I followed her like a puppy carrying my moisturizer and goggles.

"Okay. You go in and I will close the door. Because it's your first time I will only set the timer for 5 minutes. You have about 8 minutes after I close the door to undress and get your moisturizer on before the machine starts. Okay?"

Hang On! Hang On! Hang On! I've got 8 minutes. I have two questions."

Stephanie giggled again.

"The moisturizer is important. How do I get it on my back? And you said I shouldn't shower for a couple of hours after I tan, I've been at work all day, I saw a shower in one of the rooms, can I take a shower before I tan?"

Another giggle from this cute sexy girl. I was smiling, she was laughing. "Let me get you a towel. Normally we charge for these but you're so cute I will let you use one for free."

"Cute. Gee thank you." 

Stephanie disappeared behind a door and returned with a towel.

Stephanie glanced down at my crotch. "Do you need to umm shave anywhere before you start your tanning?"

"Uh no I've already... I can't believe you asked me that and, that I answered you. But no, I don't need to shave anywhere."

"That's good, because I'm sure you don't want those tan lines either when you head out on the nude beach. And we don't carry razors anyway. But because you're cute I would have loaned you one of mine." And another giggle.

"Follow me." She said once more.

"Always a pleasure". I flirted in return and received a giggle.

"When you're done I will moisturize your back for you, but just this once, we don't normally do that for people unless they sign-up for our umm, Prestige service but,"

"Yeah I know, I'm so cute so you'll make an exception."

"Tee hee." Another giggle. "Yep."

"So the Prestige service, what does that include and how much does it cost?"

"We can talk about that after your shower. Tonight it's free."

She closed the door. I undressed and got in the shower. What was I doing. I was 47 and flirting with this kid. But damn. I contemplated masturbating while I showered but decided not to as it might take a bit long. I toweled off, wrapped the towel around me and carried my clothes into the tanning room.

"Hi Mr. Hamstead." Stephanie smiled. She was standing facing me twirling a small chain with a number of different color sticks around her finger

"Hi Stephanie. Thanks for letting me shower and for the loan of a towel."

"You're welcome. Now turn around and I'll do your free color check before we get started."

"Color check? What's that?"

"I hold these different color sticks against your skin in different places on your body and record what color you are right now. A few weeks into your tanning we do another check so you can see your progress and we can see if you're getting too much in any one area. This normally costs $50 but because you signed up for more than 10 sessions you get it for free."

"That's neat. Then we make adjustments in the machine I use, for example, if I'm not progressing the way I should or if I'm getting too much or too little in some areas?"

"That's right Mr. Hampstead. Here, we'll check your arms, chest and the fronts of your legs first so you can watch what I'm doing."

Stephanie flipped through the various sticks on my arms, chest stomach and legs writing down each color she matched to various areas of my anatomy.

"Okay turn around now Mr. Hampstead so I can do your backside."

I dropped my clothes in a chair and turned around clutching my towel so it wouldn't fall.

"Thanks Stephanie. I really appreciate this. I will send an email to your bosses and tell them what great service I received."

"My service is just beginning" I thought I heard Stephanie purr.

I could feel Stephanie holding the sticks against various areas of my back and shoulders then on my calves.

"I have to reach up under your towel Mr. Hampstead.."

"Oh?"

"...to check your inner thigh color silly. You're so funny."

Stephanie, knelt down behind me and raised my towel.

"This isn't quite working Mr. Hampstead. Can you spread your legs a little more for me?"

Suddenly I felt like Steve martin in L.A. Story when Sarah Jessica Parker was spinning around and between his legs measuring his inseam. Stephanie had spun herself around and was laying between my legs looking up at everything I had been working so hard at keeping concealed. I looked down at my smiling salon hostess who seemed very focused on collecting the information she was charged with reporting. She seemed to take a little longer than I expected but she eventually slipped out from between my legs, wrote some stuff down and said, "One last place Mr. Hampstead. I need to check your butt. This is always the whitest area on most people and the area we see the most color change. Just hold your towel open for me."

I opened my towel at the side and Stephanie did her last color check on my white butt.

"Okay Mr. Hampstead let's get your moisturizer on your back."

"So how much of this stuff do I put on?"

Stephanie had already started doing my back. "I will show you in a minute Mr. Hampstead."

Her application of the moisturizer was more of a massage than just an application. I had to release my grip on my towel and put both hands on the wall so she didn't push me over. Man her hands felt good for someone so young. Her hands ran down my back and brushed along the top of the towel.

"You have a nice body Mr. Hampstead."

"Thank you Stephanie." Her innocent honesty was nice and flattering too but I was feeling a little uncomfortable being essentially naked and having this gorgeous young woman rubbing lotion all over my body.

"So Stephanie, tell me about this Prestige Service. What does it cost? What does it include? I don't remember seeing any information about it when I was out front."

"Umm yeah, well... it includes umm.... A shower and umm, yeah, someone will put moisturizer on your back for you. "

"Okay. That sounds like something I may want to sign up for, especially if everyone puts the moisturizer on the way you do Stephanie. I won't need to schedule sessions with my regular masseuse if I get you to do this for me. So what's the cost?"

"That would be great Mr. Hampstead. I think you should just ask for me when ever you come in. Ummm the cost. Gee. Ummm. I will have to look that up Mr. Hampstead. I will let you know after you tan."

She stopped rubbing my back. I started to lower my hands and turn around.

"I'm not done yet Mr. Hampstead. Please put your hands back on the wall." 

I turned back and heard Stephanie squirting more moisturizer on her hands. I felt her hands on my lower legs.

"I can do my legs Stephanie."

"I know Mr. Hampstead. But I already have this all over my hands and." She continued rubbing my legs reaching up under the towel to do my thighs. Man this girl's hands felt great. My cock was at full attention straining against my towel. 

"I've got too much moisturizer on my hands Mr. Hampstead. So, why don't I show you our umm... our... Elite Service."

"Elite Service? What more could there be?"

On the next pass of Stephanie's hands up the outside of my thighs, her hands continued up under my towel forcing the loosely tied knot open , allowing my towel to fall to the floor. I tried to grab it before it fell to the ground but I wasn't fast enough. I was now standing against the wall naked. 

Stephanie continued, ", I'm going to moisturize your butt for you and that will finish your backside."

"Uh Stephanie. Uh, I'm uh, I'm uh, not sure how comfortable I am right now."

"Oh I'm sorry Mr. Hampstead, I just thought you wouldn't mind and all being that you hang out on nude beaches. And this is part of our umm, our... uhhh, Elite Service. Don't worry Mr. Hampstead, I uh, do this for a lot of customers... both men and women"

Stephanie was standing behind me kneading the moisturizer into my buttocks.

"Uh well yeah but um, on a nude beach I don't usually have an um, well, um an attractive young clothed woman who's not my wife rubbing lotion on me."

"Would you feel more comfortable if I was naked too Mr. Hampstead." Stephanie giggled, "I can do that if you want. You know with you being so cute and everything."

Stephanie laughed. I chuckled and shook my head not believing what was happening.

Her kneading had turned to long slow strokes of my buttocks. Her hands were sliding deeper and deeper between the two globes of my ass and reaching farther and farther between my legs but they hadn't yet reached my testicles.

"Uh that's okay Stephanie. You're fine just the way you are. Don't go taking your clothes off. Are you almost done?"

"Almost," she said and I heard her yet again squeeze moisturizer out of the bottle. "There are a couple of spots on this cute butt of yours that still seem a little dry and this being your first time I don't want you to have a bad experience. Just hold still a few more seconds. I may as well show you our Platinum Service while we're at it. It's for people that don't like getting the moisturizer on their hands and having it collect under their fingernails and stuff."

"Platinum service? Gee Stephanie. Look. I'm not sure I will mind the moisturizer on my hands and umm well, I'm not sure I will be too comfortable being naked here and having someone I don't know spreading moisturizer all over my ummm, my body. And what about umm my umm..."

Stephanie leaned against me and ran her hands up and down the length of my arms. She reached around in front of me spreading moisturizer on my chest and abdomen. I could feel her breasts pressing against my back. She massaged my arms and chest and abdomen with long fluid strokes. I closed my eyes mesmerized by this young woman's touch. Her hands travelled up along the outside of my arms. At my wrist her hands flipped to the underside and traced a line back to my arm pits, down across my nipples, she massaged my pectorals the let her hands slide over my abdomen, crossing my pubic area and stopping on the front of my hips. She came ever so close to touching my rock hard penis but her hands never made the slightest contact.

Her hands left my body and I heard her squirt more moisturizer on her hands. 

I felt Stephanie crouch down behind me, "Still need to do those dry spots on your butt Mr. Hampstead."

I knew from where she was kneeling she would be able to see my balls and my fully erect cock. There was no way she could mistake the level of sexual excitement she had teased up in me.

"just a couple of more places," Stephanie purred. I'm not even sure she was talking to me. I could feel her rubbing her hands together and staring up at my rigid pole and bulging jewels.
