 It was Monday before I knew it. I had another unproductive day at work thinking of nothing more than fucking my little tanning hostess. I did manage to run out at lunchtime and purchase some lube and have it gift wrapped. Just in case my teenaged fantasy was ready to journey to the Greek islands tonight. 

I got things ready for my session with Stephanie when I arrived at home. I transferred the lube from my briefcase to my little bag of tanning supplies. After dinner I sat and pretended to do some work. At 9:00 my wife reminded it was tanning night and not to be late again.

"Yes dear. Just a couple of things to finish up and then I will be on my way."

I tapped on the keyboard as if I was doing something then exited the program I was using without doing a save.

"On my way hon. Will you be in bed when I return?"

"Probably. I have an early meeting tomorrow morning so I want to get to bed shortly."

I kissed my wife and wished her "pleasant dreams."

I arrived at the salon. The OPEN sign was still illuminated and all the lights were on. I got out of the car and noticed a few other cars parked nearby.

When I opened the door I could hear Stephanie talking in the back explaining one of the machines to someone. I sat down in the waiting area. I could also hear some fans running. I wasn't familiar with the sounds of the salon to know how many and which machines were operating. I picked up a magazine and started flipping pages.

I heard a door in the back open. An attractive young woman in her mid-twenties came out of the back. I glanced up as she walked by and nodded a silent hello. She returned the pleasantry and offered a smile. She had a slightly noticeable tan, was wearing a short winter jacket over a soft looking turtleneck sweater. Her bomber jacket allowed her tight jeans to show off her fine legs and ass. Before I could take in all the details of her form she had exited the building.

Stephanie appeared from the back leading a new customer at the end of tour. Stephanie was wearing a light pink polo shirt that clung to her curves and the shortest white shorts. From the front her shorts highlighted the gap at the top her delicious thighs where her sweet pussy was nestled. From the back the white cotton was just long enough to cover her rounded buttocks but not long enough to fall back to her thighs, so the material sat out away from her body. I imagined sliding my hands up under the white cotton and cupping her perfect round ass in my hands while our lips met and our tongues danced. My cock began filling space in my pants.

"Hello Mr. Hampstead. I will be with you in a moment," Stephanie announced in her most pleasant full-on customer service voice.

"Hello Stephanie. I don't mind the wait." My cock continued to grow responding to the vivid images my mind was churning out.

Stephanie returned her focus to the new customer, a woman I would guess to be around 30. Beautiful dark hair and eyes to match. She had gorgeous features and body that I would guess was sculpted by either yoga or Pilates. I heard another machine start-up in the back. I was a little surprised and little disappointed that we weren't alone. I guessed Stephanie and I wouldn't be making noisy love tonight.

"Mr. Hampstead, would you mind talking with Ms. Grey about our services? I'm sure she will find it more believable coming from a customer than from an employee."

"Sure Stephanie."

I stood up and walked to the counter.

"What would you like to know Ms. Grey?" I asked.

"I guess I just want to know if you're happy with service here. If you find it clean? If you think you get good value for your money?"

"I can give you an emphatic yes to all those questions. I've only been coming here for a couple of weeks and the service is way beyond my expectations."

"How so? Ms. Grey asked.

Stephanie was silent I'm sure wondering what I was about to say.

"I don't know. I kind of expected a nonchalant attitude from the employees. You know, like I would walk in and they would kind of wave a hand and say 'Take whatever room is vacant, and call me if you have any questions.' Every visit I get escorted to my room. I get asked if I'm familiar with the machine. I get a brief overview even if I say yes. They always ask if I was satisfied with my session. They just seem to care and to pay attention to your needs. If fact they seem to anticipate your needs at times. I have yet to leave unsatisfied."

Stephanie grinned and dropped her head. A bit of a blush colored her cheeks.

"Are there services you expected to receive but haven't?"

My mind was saying 'Anal sex. I haven't had anal sex yet with Stephanie, but I'm kind of hoping that will change tonight as soon as you and everyone else get their asses out of here.' But instead I said...

"Let me see. I have to think about that one. The service has been so good that I haven't thought about what I haven't received. "

"Well that's good I suppose."

"Yeah, I mean they have done things like helped with applying moisturizer so I knew what I was doing. If you're nice to Stephanie she may even apply it on your back for you if she's not too busy."

I caught Ms. Grey glance at Stephanie and subtly eye her up and down.

"Wow, that's a nice add on that I haven't received at other salons," Ms Grey added. 

"Well, we're not really supposed to do that, but you know, how are people supposed to do it themselves?" Stephanie asked rhetorically. "I have done it for one or two customers. I'm not sure you should have shared that Mr. Hampstead."

"I'm sorry Stephanie. I didn't know."

"I think all salons should offer that service. It just makes sense don't you think. If you do it for me Stephanie, I will keep it our little secret," Ms. Grey added.

Stephanie looked at me as if to say 'Thanks a lot Mr. H.' and replied, "Sure. I guess I can help you with that when I'm here and it's not too busy."

I continued, "And they have let me shower once or twice because I came straight from work at the end of the day. Hmmm. Well, this will sound silly, but there is one thing. The salon has all these great posters of sunshine destinations. And each room, whether planned or not, seems to have a destination theme, the Caribbean, South Pacific, Florida and when I get in the tanning bed and feel the heat from the lamps, I close my eyes and dream of those places."

I looked directly at Stephanie as I continued, "The one place I haven't been able to visit when I'm here is one of the most beautiful destinations the world has ever known."

"Where would that be Mr. Hampstead?" Stephanie asked.

I fixed my gaze on Stephanie's eyes and smiled, "Why Greece of course." Stephanie's eyes widened a little and her jaw dropped just a bit. "A Greek Island adventure is truly remarkable. And dare I say your first journey there is one of the most sensually awakening experiences of your life. It will be forever memorable as a moment you advanced to higher level of awareness. It will open up new sensations and free your spirit for the rest of your days. A journey to Greece will stimulate all your nerve endings taking you to heights you never realized existed. And the only thing you will be able to think about after that is 'when can I return to this magical place'."

"It sounds almost religious," Stephanie said hoping to end the discussion.

"Hmm, I was thinking it sounded sexual actually," Ms. Grey replied and everyone laughed.

I looked back at Stephanie "So what do you think Stephanie, do you have a room I can use tonight that will take me on a journey to Greece?"

"Well Mr. Hampstead, let me finish assisting Ms. Grey and then I will do my best to find you your trip to Greece. It sounds so wonderful I may even invite myself along for the ride if you wouldn't mind."

We all laughed again and I thought 'Touché Stephanie. Touché.' And my cock fattened knowing my love mate was onboard with my vacation planning.

"Sure Stephanie finish helping Ms. Grey and then we will fly to Greece together. Ms. Grey, I'm sure you will have a wonderful experience here. Do you have any more questions for me?"

"Just one. If I didn't know better I would swear you two are flirting with each other. Can I come to Greece with you as well?"

I laughed and glanced down at Ms. Grey's tight ass and thought what a delicious journey that would be for both of us. "Flirting?!" I said trying to sound astonished and I laughed again. "Well, if it sounded like we were flirting, that's probably just a result of how comfortable they make you feel here. And Greece? Anytime you want to take a trip to Greece with us I'm sure we can find room in our little party, don't you think Stephanie?"

Stephanie laughed a nervous laugh, "Sure Ms. Grey, like we could ever really go to Greece together. So, Ms. Grey, are you interested in signing up with us tonight?"

"Sign me up Stephanie and be sure to pay Mr. Hampstead his commission before he leaves tonight. It was his beautiful descriptive commentary that convinced me to join your salon. That and the idea that someone here will apply my moisturizer on my back before my session. I'm Charlene by the way," Ms. Grey said turning toward me extending a hand.

"Tom. I'm Tom. It's a pleasure to meet you" And we shook hands.

"Well Tom, anytime you want to share one of your dreams about a sunny destination during one of my tanning sessions, just let me know. I'm sure it would make my session more pleasurable."

Turning to Stephanie she added "You really should consider renting him out Stephanie. I'm sure you have many customers that would love to hear Tom's dreams while they were tanning."

"Sure. I will talk with the owner about your idea Ms. Grey. Shall we get you registered now?"

"Okay, but why don't you get Tom set up on his trip to Greece before we get started."

"That's okay Stephanie. You finish with Ms. Grey first. I'm in no hurry."

I returned to the waiting area and picked up a magazine I pretended to read. The last customer came out from the back. I really have to hang out here more I thought. A gorgeous young Asian woman breezed by me wearing jeans and short winter coat. Another great ass I thought. Long dark hair. Great smile. Short tight body.

"Good night Stephanie." She yelled over her shoulder.

"Good night Tasha. Thanks for helping out tonight. See you Saturday."

Another employee I wondered. Wow. Are there any articles in this salon on how many times a week you can safely tan in one of these machines? I returned my gaze to Ms. Grey's tight body and imagined being behind her in yoga class while she was doing a downward dog. 

"Back in a moment Mr. Hampstead." Stephanie announced walking by me to lock the door and turn off the neon Open sign. "Ms. Grey is going to do a session now. I will get her setup and then come back so you can start your vacation in Greece."

Her Greece reference sounded a little stilted, I couldn't tell if that was sarcasm or a bad delivery of a attempt at flirting by a young woman or a young woman both excited and worried at the prospect of having her ass probed by a cock sometime in the next sixty minutes.

"Sure Stephanie. I will be right here."

Stephanie led Charlene to a room in the back. She returned, angrily throwing a towel at me and whispering "Thanks a lot."

"What? What did I do?"

"And if you're nice to Stephanie she will even rub moisturizer on your back for you."

Stephanie continued walking towards me.

"What? I didn't think you would mind. She does have a nice body."

"You think so? Then fine, you go and rub moisturizer on her back tonight." Stephanie punched me in the shoulder. "Go and have your shower and meet me in room 4. I have to go and moisturize Ms. Grey's back for her. And what's this about trips to Greece. Did you really think you were fooling anyone? Geesh."

"What?" I asked again shrugging my shoulders in an exaggerated manner. I stood up, grabbed my bag and headed for the shower. Stephanie led the way, her butt cheeks peeking out at me from beneath her little shorts.

Stephanie opened the door to room 2 where she had taken Charlene. My hard on and I continued to the shower.

I undressed and stepped into the shower thinking about ass fucking Stephanie and bending Charlene over and doing her from behind too. I imagined Stephanie in room 2 with Charlene rubbing lotion on her body the two of them getting naked and making love. My shower was done. I turned off the water and stepped out, my erection leading the way. Stephanie was sitting on the stool leaning back with her legs crossed waiting for me. She flipped me my towel.

"She was naked when I went in the room." Stephanie started. "Naked. No underwear. No towel wrapped around her. Naked. Completely naked."

"Yeah." I started sheepishly. "But she does have a nice body doesn't she? And you've seen naked women before haven't you? What's so shocking about that? I mean she is here to tan in the nude isn't she."

"Yeah I guess. But then she offered me a $30 tip if I would moisturize her butt and legs for her."

"She did? Did you do it?" I asked.

Stephanie dug into the pocket of her shorts and pulled out a 10 and 20. I laughed.

"Well, she does have a nice body." Stephanie added and we both laughed.

I draped the towel over my shoulder, picked up my clothes and bag and headed for room 4. As I passed Stephanie she grabbed my cock, turned me around and gave me a big kiss.

"I was getting so fucking horny listening to you talk about the Greek islands out there. All I could think about was your nice cock sliding in and out of my ass."

She kissed me again then started rambling, "And then I got hornier rubbing moisturizer all over Ms. Grey. I'm so horny right now you have to fuck me Mr. H, you just have to. I couldn't believe how hot it was massaging Charlene. Her body is so great. I wanted to spin her around and lick her pussy. I almost asked her how big a tip she would give me to lick her to a raging orgasm."

I wanted to take Stephanie right there, spin her around, pull her shorts and underwear aside and fuck her against the wall, but I could hear the fans whirring on Charlene's tanning bed and didn't know how much longer she would be. I dropped my bag and clothes grabbed Stephanie and slid my hand up under her pure white shorts. Her ass felt better than I remembered. I traced the edge of her thong, my fingers following it as it disappeared between her firm round cheeks. Stephanie was caressing and squeezing my cock... I couldn't wait. I spun her around and pressed her against the door frame. I pulled aside her shorts and underwear.

"Fuck me Mr. H. Fuck me hard," Stephanie pleaded.

She titled her hips back. I grabbed my engorged cock and guided it past the soft cotton covering and into her heated love hole. Her yoni was hot and greased with her love cream. I grabbed her hips and started pounding away. I heard the bell ring in Charlene's room indicating her session was over. I hoped the fans would continue to drown out our love making. I continued to thrust in to Stephanie hearing her quietly respond to each thrust with a "Yes. Yes." My balls tightened and then emptied hot blast after hot blast into her pulsing pussy.

"oh god. Oh god" we whispered in unison. I stood panting with my cock still buried in Stephanie's hot twat. The fans stopped in Charlene's room.

"Hurry up and get in your room Mr. H. She'll be out soon." 

My cock slid out of Stephanie as easily as went in. I bent down and grabbed my things and headed for room 4. Stephanie did her best to straighten her shorts and gain some composure. As I reached for the door knob on room 4, Charlene stepped out of room 2. She looked my way and glanced down at my semi-erect cock.

Looking back into my eyes Charlene said, "It was a pleasure meeting you Tom." She looked back at my cock and said "Hopefully we will bump into each other again sometime soon."

What could I do? I stood up a bit and said, "Yes, it was nice meeting you as well Charlene. I'm sure I will see you around here sometime." Her eyes met mine again. "I hope you find the salon as pleasurable" I paused because my mind was screaming "WRONG WORD" at me, "...as I described."

Stephanie pushed past me and interjected, "I will have to let you out Ms. Grey. The door is locked. Was that machine to your liking?"

Charlene ignored Stephanie for a moment and glanced back down at my penis, "I'm sure if I find it half as pleasurable as you do Tom that I will be more than satisfied."

I smiled and said "Good night," disappearing into room 4 hearing Charlene reply with a 'good night' as I closed the door.

I could hear Stephanie and Charlene talking while they walked to the door. I couldn't really hear what they were saying but they stood chatting at the door for a few minutes. I started rubbing some moisturizer on my body while I waited for Stephanie. I was bent over doing my legs when Stephanie came back into the room.

"Thanks a lot Mr. H," Stephanie started. "The first thing Charlene says to me after thanking me for showing her around the salon is, that she thinks I've got a freshly fucked look in my eyes and on my face. And I tell her what? And she says oh you were probably just dreaming about fucking Mr H. like he dreams about going to Greece. Then before I can reply she says how good it felt having me apply her moisturizer and how nice my hands are and how it's no wonder your cock was almost erect having had me apply your moisturizer. Turn around I will do your back for you." Stephanie grabbed the moisturizer and squeezed some onto her hands.

"And then she asks if other employees apply moisturizer for customers. And then she says, wow Tom sure has a nice cock doesn't he. And all the time I'm thinking I'm in trouble and wow this woman does have a great a body and oh my god there's a big glob of Mr. H's cum dripping down my leg and damn I'm still horny and where is all this going and I wonder if she eats pussy and if I could kiss her right now."

"I'm sorry Stephanie. You just looked so damn hot tonight and when you met me in the shower and kissed I couldn't help myself."

"I know and I really wanted you to fuck me and it felt so good. Look it's getting late you better get your tan done so I can get home."

I stepped into the machine and Stephanie closed the door behind me. Before I started the machine I heard Stephanie picking up my clothes and placing them on the chair. I stood in the bright hot lights for 7 minutes thinking about fucking Stephanie with Charlene just down the hall and pondering if she heard anything or if it was just a woman's intuition that told her Stephanie had just fucked me. The lights went out. I turned and opened the door not thinking about anything except getting dressed and heading for home.

Stephanie was standing in front of me, naked and holding out the bottle of lube. The gift wrapping was scrunched up on the floor by my clothes.

"Is this for little ol' me Mr. H? You really did want to go to Greece tonight didn't you Mr. H.? But you've been so bad tonight I'm not sure I should go to Greece with you."

Stephanie stepped towards me and grabbed my cock with the hot wet towel she was holding in her right hand. She kissed me washing the moisturizer off my cock. She dropped to her knees and sucked my cock until it was pumped to its full length and breadth. She stood and we kissed some more. Her pussy was drenched in some mixture of my cum and her love lube. I spread the honey around her labia then reached up to her anus and slid a finger inside her backdoor.

"Think I'm horny enough to do this tonight Mr. H?, Stephanie asked.

"Only you know for sure Stephanie."

"Let's try. I really want to try."

Stephanie stepped back and squeezed the lube onto my cock. She massaged it around. I took the tube from her, turned her around and told her to bend over and hold onto the chair. I set her legs apart a bit further then knelt and started licking her anus and pussy. Stephanie moaned spreading her legs more, reaching behind with one hand helping me to separate her ass cheeks as much as she could. My tongue slid into her anus then I took the lube and squirted some in her crack. I spread it around sliding fingers in and out of her tight ass. I eventually worked two fingers into her and slowly managed to slide them in past their second knuckles. My other hand worked in and out of her pussy, my thumb massaging her clit my fingers searching for her G-spot. Slowly I stood up and removed my fingers from her anus. My cock was aching with anticipation. I placed its head against her anus. Stephanie pushed back. I could feel her close her eyes expecting a shot of discomfort. I gently pushed against the resistance of her virgin sphincter.
