 one

This resort has got to be one of my better ideas. I haven't had a vacation in years. All work and no play makes for a very dull girl. I really needed a change of scenery. To travel all the way to this island paradise for a week, isn't the least expensive thing, but the sun sand and surf make it easier to overlook the fact that I'll be pinching every penny...dime...nickel...and quarter for the next thousand years. From inside my bungalow the wall of crystal clear glass allows for an absolutely incredible view of this tropical heaven. And the room comes with every amenity a gal could ever want. The first thing on my agenda is to stock up on some food. 

"That'll be $72.83," the young clerk says.

I hand over $75.00 in cash. Boy I really splurged...what am I going do with all this food!

With my cart fully loaded, I head out the automatic door. Once outside I'm awed at the beauty of this little island hideaway. I should have come here ages ago. I take a deep cleansing breath, then slowly exhale. This is the life. With a silly smile on my face, I push my heavy load toward my cheap rental car. Slightly distracted by the clear blue sky and the lush palm trees...THUD...I crash into something. Startled I gape at the sight in front of me.

"HEY, lady," a man says sharply, "watch where you're going."

" Oh my God, I'm so sorry," I apologize and reach out my hand to help up the most gorgeous guy I've ever seen. His piercing blue eyes look up at me. I give him my most sincere smile. 

He grins back. "No problem," he says as he grasps my hand.

When we touch warm sensations flood my entire body. Startled by such an intense reaction, I'm not prepared for the tug on my arm and I tumble forward, landing on top of him. Instantly I'm aware of his hard body beneath me. His scent is a heady mix of sandalwood and spice. I'm so embarrassed my whole body flushes a deep shade of red. I push up to untangle myself but I only make the contact of our lower bodies more intimate. I can feel his sex begin to stir, my nipples immediately tighten into hard nubs.

"Uummmm, I'm sorry," I mutter mortified as I get off him as gracefully as possible.

He chuckles. " Any time ," his wicked grin flashes, "most excitement I've had all day."

"I'm not usually this clumsy," 

"Sure." He teases.

I reach out again to help him up.

"I think I can manage on my own," he says with a smile, flirting with me.

"I feel so foolish, what can I do to make it up to you?"

"Well, you could fall on me again," he says provocatively, wiggling his dark eyebrows.

I giggle. A lock of his rich coco brown hair falls over his forehead making him look so sexy. 

"Really, I could buy you a cup of coffee or something."

"What's the or something," he banters.

I blush. Tantalizing sparks of awareness leap between us. I'm enjoying myself, after all I haven't been so sexually attracted to a man before. It'll be fun to see where all this chemistry leads.

"Well, maybe something a little stronger than coffee," I reply.

"Like a drink?"

"Yeah, sure"

"What about dinner?"

"I guess," I say hesitantly.

"Great! I'll pick you up at seven tonight," he states, a wide grin spreading across his face.

I chuckle. "I walked right into that one didn't I"

"Yes you certainly did."

"Why don't I cook instead...tomorrow. Would that be okay?"

I can't believe I just said that, I think as I write my address down on a piece of paper.

"Works for me." He looks at it, a sexy little grin appears.

"Well, I'll see you then."

"Seven it is." He turns and walks over to a shiny black ford truck.

I gaze at him. Great buns, I ogle his lean hard form. Very nice. Lustfully distracted by his gorgeous body I suddenly remember to ask, "HEY STUD!" I shout. "I don't even know your name." But I'm to late, he's already inside his car, ready to drive away.

I can't believe I just did that. How could I be so stupid as to invite a perfect stranger to dinner tomorrow!

After putting away all the food, I quickly change into black Lycra biker shorts and a black sports bra. I plan to take full advantage of the workout room. As I head out the door, I slip on a loose a bright green tank top, to shy to expose so much skin. 

"Today must be my lucky day," I whisper to myself as I peek inside the large empty room. I'll be able to whip through my regular routine in less than thirty minutes. I begin by stretching every muscle. Then I move rapidly through the leg, abdominal and back machines. Almost finished, I sit on the pec machine and begin my repetitions. Focusing on my technique I don't hear the door open.

"...7...8...9...10," I count softly, ending the first set. I relax for a minute and begin again,"...1...2...3..." A prickle of awareness alerts me that I'm not alone. I finish the second set and turn to see the man from the parking lot. "What are you doing here?" I ask surprised.

"Same as you." He grins. " I'm staying here too, imagine that."

"Oh..."

"Don't sound so excited," he teases.

"No problem," I say with a warm smile. Wanting to show him how pleased I am. He looks incredible in his dark blue nylon shorts and matching tank top. A longing to caress his hard muscles washes over me. I return to my exercises, not wanting him to see how aroused I am. I begin my third and final set.

"Nice form," he says a minute later, as he walks up behind me.

He's so close now I can feel the heat radiating from his body. Distracted I falter a little.

"Let me help," he offers. He wraps his arms around me, shadowing my position. He gently squeezes our arms together finishing the exercise. His chest brushes against my back. Shivers of excitement surge through me. He presses closer and nuzzles the back of my neck. A sigh escapes between my slightly parted lips. I lean back letting my arms drop down, not wanting to complete the set. He separates our bodies a little and begins to massage my shoulders, upper back and neck.

"Uummmm, that feels so nice," I sigh in bliss.

"Does it?" He kneads my tight muscles with his strong calloused hands. Gently rubbing in small circles. 

I moan. "Don't ever stop." I can feel the stress of work give way to sexual arousal. I'm so hot! My nipples stand hard and ready in anticipation of his touch. I reach around and behind to pull his thighs into direct contact with my back. I lean my head back and push into his groin. I can feel him swollen and hard. I gently rub my head back and forth. I want to drive him as wild as I feel. He moans aloud. He cups my breasts in his palms he continues his exploration. He slips his hands inside my bra. He gently pulls and tugs on my nipples. He pinches my hard tight peaks between his thumb and index finger, all the while my hands caress the back of his bare thighs. I moan in pleasure. It feels so good. His hands work their magic, sending tingles of excitement through me. He stops for a moment to pull me up to a standing position. He turns me around so that we are now facing each other. 

With our bodies barely touching, he leans forward to kiss me. Our lips gently brush, his warm moist breath caresses my face. My tongue traces his bottom lip seeking access to his delectable mouth. I probe the inside tenderly, slowly, savoring his pleasant taste. I curl my tongue around his and I begin to suckle. The kiss deepens. So consumed by passion, I don't realize that he has maneuvered us to a weight bench, until my legs brush up against it's cool surface. He gently presses me down. He nudges my legs apart and steps between them. He breaks the kiss. He leans forward as his hands slide under my top as he caresses my tummy. His fingers crawl up towards my aching breasts. I moan aloud, waiting. He teases me, stopping to rub my ribs, just barely bushing the underside of my breasts. 

My hard nipples ache for his touch. Suddenly he removes his hands from under my top. I close my eyes and groan in disappointment. A moment later I sigh in pleasure when I feel the heat of his hands on my skin. He pushes my top upward. He folds it under my chin. Next he stretches the edge of my black sports bra so he can place it with my top, exposing my large breasts. I moan a little louder when his tongue licks my nipple. Slowly he draws it inside his warm mouth, sucking. He flicks his wet tongue over my rigid nub making me quiver. I bring my hands up caressing his back, urging him closer. His talented tongue shifts to the other breast. I'm so excited my hands urgently caress every accessible inch of flesh. 

My fingernails trace lightly along his spine. He licks along the underside of my breast, gently nipping and sucking. With his hands leading the way he pulls down my shorts, his wet tongue follows downward over my ribs, my stomach, until he reaches my navel where it dips inside. Lower he goes with long wet strokes. His fingers reach between my legs, inside my shorts and panties, to the apex of my thighs, sliding through my soft pubic hair. He parts my folds and slips a finger inside. He probes gently. I contract my muscles, squeezing wanting him to insert it farther. He slides his finger slowly in and out. With each new thrust he pushes deeper. In, it sinks. Out, it slides from my moist heat. 

He pinches my clit, rolling it between his fingers. Then he plunges two fingers inside, stroking the very core of me. My hips lift off the hard bench wanting his fingers deep inside. I moan softly through clenched teeth, the sensations so intense. His fingers undulate as my pelvis gyrates in circles seeking climax. I'm so close to orgasm that my hips buck wildly up and down. All of a sudden I feel the bench shift and we tumble to the floor. I let out a startled cry. 

"Do I sense a pattern here?" He chuckles. 

I just giggle harder. Soon the two of us are laughing hysterically. As our laughter fades, I realize just how out of control our attraction spiraled. But instead of feeling afraid, a thrill of excitement washes through me. To be so consumed by desire, is a heady feeling. One I want to experience to the fullest.

"Ummmm, usually I get a mans name before...well...anyway, I'm Sherry." I can feel the flush of embarrassment warm my face. I stand up. 

"Rod," his sweet smile comforts me. "Me too." He raises to his feet. His large hand grasps my smaller one. "A pleasure to meet you Sherry. Let me walk you to your bungalow. I don't know about you, but I need a very cold, very long shower."

I smile in gratitude.

two

Slowly my chocolate brown eyes open. I toss aside the soft covers and gently stretch my body. The bright golden rays of the sun caress my skin. Ready to start the day I get out of bed. I quickly change into my swim suit adding a sarong. I make a light breakfast of fruit and settle on the patio chair enjoying the gorgeous view of the ocean. This is the life, I sigh in pleasure. Eager to begin exploring I finish eating and clean up.

The sand is cozy and warm as it squishes between my toes. It tickles as it slides over them. Reaching down I pick up a pretty pink shell that's been uncovered. It's so relaxing walking along the shore collecting gods beautiful treasures. I continue searching for shells as I stroll along the waters edge. The sound of the waves crashing...the gulls crying overhead surround me. After a while I look up to see where I am and discover I have reached a small cove. Jagged rocks reach high, meeting a bright blue sky, creating a U-shaped private haven. Awed by the pure beauty before me I sit on one of the many large rocks scattered along the shoreline. How wonderful it is to be totally alone here. The waves crash against it's craggy surface, spraying me with cool salty water. Entranced by the magnificence of the ocean, I close my eyes. A seagull cries above. A slight breeze rustles the nearby brush growing on the sides of the cove. I inhale deeply, tasting the tangy sea. With each new breath I relax my body more and more, renewing my spirit. I lift my face toward the sun letting the heat kiss my face. "Ummmmm," I sigh deeply with pleasure.

"Gorgeous isn't it," a soft husky voice whispers into my ear.

Startled I jerk away, falling off my perch, right into the water. "Damn!" I turn to look at who is speaking, I smile, " you shouldn't sneak up on a girl like that. You scared me half to death."

"Sorry," he grins "let me help you up."

I look into his incredible eyes, "now where have I heard that one before," I laugh. "You know I'm beginning to wonder about you. I always seem to end up on my ass whenever you are near." I reach toward his out stretched arms.

"Hummm, I wonder why," he chuckles.

"Hey, it's all your fault," I tease, "it only happens around you."

"Must be a sign." He winks as he pulls me up.

"And just what kind of sign would that be," I ask.

He tugs me flush against his body, "this kind," he whispers as he lowers his lips to mine. Softly his lips caress mine, he traces his tongue along my slightly parted lips seeking entry. He deepens the kiss. Dizzy with desire I melt into him. Strong arms wrap around me, supporting my liquid body. After several minutes of devouring each other we slowly separate...thighs...pelvis...chest. Reluctant to end such a sensuous kiss we gradually disconnect our lips.

I gaze into his piercing blue eyes. He smiles warmly at me and catches my hands between his. He guides me backward into the cove away from public view. The sound of the ocean becomes less noticeable as he continues to move deeper. Unexpectedly a shadow falls over us, startled by the sudden change we look up. A dark cloud drifts overhead. Goosebumps appear on my body as the warmth of the sun diminishes. I shiver, as the cloud passes by and blue sky returns. He takes my hand and pulls me closer. Gently he lowers us to the sand. In a seated position. He scoots back against the rocks for support and pulls me between his legs. He wraps his arms around my waist and pulls me close. I lean my head back resting it on his chest.

"Comfy," he asks

I sigh in pleasure, "umm, yesss."

" Good!" He begins to softly caress my shoulders, gently massaging.

"Careful, I'm getting used to this. That feels so good." I close my eyes, completely relaxing. My breathing slows as his hands and fingers work their magic. One hand slides across my breasts and the other glides over my abdomen. Then lower between my legs. I part them allowing easier access. His thumb traces along the edge of my swimsuit bottoms. He slips it inside, rubbing, probing, soon his whole hand covers my mound as he cups me. Back and forth he rubs. My breath catches as he inserts a finger. Gently he strokes me. I moan quietly. My hips undulate. He turns my head to the side and gives me a hard kiss. His tongue and finger probe in unison. My breathing quickens and I begin to pant. I'm so aroused. He sinks two fingers inside. Stroking in and out. In and out. I can feel his cock swell against my lower back. It's so hard. I can hear his moans of pleasure. He deepens the kiss, our tongues tangling, dueling. So engrossed in the kiss I hardly notice that I help him as he pushes my bottoms down my legs. I raise my hips to make it easier. He quickly removes his own trunks and lifts me over his swollen shaft. I sink slowly onto his hard cock as he thrusts upward.

"Aahhhhhh, " I moan. "harder baby, faster,"

He pushes me to all fours and kneels behind me and moves aside my sarong. He grips my hips and plunges deep inside my wet pussy and sinks his hard cock all the way. In and out he thrusts, drilling me. Harder he pumps, faster and faster. I moan loudly, breathing hard, as he slams into me. Reaching around with one hand he pulls my top down exposing my breasts. He pinches and rolls my nipple, tugging and tweaking my tight nub. God I'm so close. He gradually slows his pace, one deep thrust after another. Long, slow, strokes again and again and again. 

"Oh baby," I moan, "you're driving me crazy. Faster baby, " I pant, "faster."

"Impatient are you," he chuckles between his own pants, continuing the slower rhythm.

"Yeessssss, Rod," I say between clenched teeth.

"Tell me Doll, tell me what you want."

"Harder baby, harder. Hard and fast, that's what I want," I say breathlessly.

"Like this Doll," he says as his hard cock slams into my wet box.

I moan loudly. "YESSSSSSS."

Suddenly a large spray of water soaks me, bringing me back to reality. I sigh deeply as I rise from the rock. Damn, it felt so real, I sigh again as I head back to my room. The sky darkens slightly and I hug myself chilled. I hurry on.

three

Just as he is about to knock, Rod notices the note. "Hummm, what's this?" He reads aloud, "Come on in, I'm running a few minutes late, I'll be out soon. There's beer in the fridge." 

He enters and looks around and hears the shower. After grabbing a cold beer he silently enters the bedroom. He leans against the door frame of the bathroom watching. 

Chuckling softly at the sound of Sherry humming to herself, some unknown tune, he gazes as her hands glide all over. Wishing he was the washcloth sliding all slick and bubbly over smooth satin skin. Closing his eyes he breathes in the sweet smell of exotic flowers and just a hint of spice. The damp misty room along with the thought of her all wet and soft heat his blood, pooling in his groin, making him hard and wanting. Taking in a slow, deep breath he backs away, unwilling for her to know he has intruded on such a private time.

"Hey, how are you?" I smile in welcome. "I see you got my note, Sorry I'm a little late. I hope you don't mind." 

"No, not at all, I was just enjoying the view." He grins. 

"Dinner won't take long. I thought we could eat out on the patio. It's a nice evening." 

" Yes, it is, but I thought I heard in the news that there is a storm coming in."

"Oh, I guess we should hurry then and take advantage of now, huh?' I laugh.

"What can I do to help?"

"Why don't you put some music on."

"Sure thing, is there anything you'd like to hear?"

"Anything is fine, you choose."

I can hear the soft strains of jazz on the radio, "Nice," I comment.

"So, What's for dinner?"

"I thought that a nice shrimp salad and fresh bread would be good, is that ok?"

"Sounds delicious, but then I can't imagine there's much I wouldn't like about you." He winks.

Blushing, I set the plates on the table. "I have a bottle of Chardonnay, would you like some or another beer?"

"Wine, please."

The conversation is lively as we get to know one another, discovering the similarities and differences. I love the early phase of a relationship. The wonder at connecting with someone. So often you have a physical attraction but not a mental one. It's wonderful when you get that mental fuck as wall as physical one. I chuckle aloud. Thinking of my earlier fantasy while sitting on the rock. 

"What are you thinking?" he asks.

"I, well, nothing," I evade, blushing. Looking up at the sky, "I think we should go inside, I think the weatherman was right for a change, it's getting a little chilly and the dark clouds are coming in."

"You're not changing the subject that easily," he laughs. "I will get you to tell me what you were chuckling about," he winks again.

"We'll see," I say flirtatiously.

After we clean the dishes, we sit on the love seat. "I love the view here." I say as the dark clouds move in, the sky darkens, the air thick with moisture. I turn to face him. "It's so awesome. I would love to actually live in a place like this, not just visit."

" You would huh," he replies as he plays with my hair, wrapping it around his fingers. "You have such soft hair." he leans close and breaths in the scent. "So sexy, I love short hair. Yours has this wild messy look. Like you just had great sex." 

The lightening flashes, a few seconds later the thunder rumbles.

I blush again. "You know, you drive me crazy don't you?"
