 A warm soft mouth sliding up and down my morning hard on is the first thing I feel when I slowly come awake naked on a beach in Paradise. I look down at my love, Zoë, to admire her dark hair and pretty face as she gently, tenderly moves her lips up and down me. 

Sensing that I am awake she pulls her mouth off me and looks up, "I can taste myself on you," Zoë says as she smiles at me. "And maybe some other girls too."

"Did you have fun last night? Are you alright with what happened?" I ask even as Zoë moves to put me in her mouth again.

She lifts her soft mouth off me and looks up into my eyes, "Yes, I love you and I know that you love me." Zoë takes me in her mouth again and I feel her tongue licking all around my cock's thick head and up and down my shaft, toying with the rings that pierce the under side of me as her hands stroke me and fondle my balls. She pulls off me again and looks up, "Yes, I had fun last night and so did you. Would you like some juice?"

"What?" I ask; confused as always by how she can change subjects so quickly.

"Leilani and Nunui really do look after us. Look, they've brought us a huge pitcher of juice and some fruit on ice on a table along with chairs and an umbrella."

I lay back down again on the sand with her caressing me, wishing she would finish what she started wondering if I am not just a little hung over. I smack my lips and feel the dryness, "Yes, some juice would be nice. I think I need it."

"Of course Baby, I knew you would," Zoë laughs as she jumps up and races to the table near us to pour us drinks and sprays me with sand in her haste. "You and Simon were drinking quite heavily last night," she tells me. 

I can't disagree with that, it was quite the night, "Did you really have as much fun as I did?" I ask as I accept the tall glass of juice from her and greedily gulp it down. 

Zoë looks at me with a smile and offers her hand, "Yes I did. Come, Baby, let's go in the lagoon for a swim. It does help ease a thick head."

Not willing to admit that I feel a bit fuzzy and knowing that my lover knows better than I do, I accept her hand and follow her into the cool water of the lagoon with my erection swaying in front of me. 

The soft water swirls about my legs until I wade in deep enough to dive in to feel better almost at once. I roll so that I am on my back and float with my arms above me looking up at the sky, "Ah, this is paradise. It's amazing." 

Zoë's head pops out of the water next to me to stand breast deep, "Would you like to be towed back to shore, Baby?"

"Where did you get all this energy?"

She laughs, "I didn't drink as much as you did and I got royally fucked by you and Simon all night long. And I played with a woman, no three women for the first time and loved that new experience. I feel wonderful, although my pussy is feeling just a little puffy this morning." 

"Oh?"

Small hands take hold of mine to tow me through the water, "What do you want to do today Serge?"

I don't answer; it feels so nice to just float along looking at clouds that look like they might give us rain but never come through on their promise. I wonder what I want to do. Nothing and everything comes to mind, "Ah, hmm."

Zoë laughs again, "Cat got your tongue?"

"Yes."

"No it doesn't."

"What?"

"You said yes." 

"Oh."

I pull free from her hands to roll and dive deep and swim in front of my lady to pop up like a seal. "What would you like to do?" I ask with salty water running down my face. I take Zoë in my arms to hold her tight; pressing my still hard cock into her stomach, "Have I told you how much I love you yet today?"

"No you haven't, but I expect you will say it a few more times anyway," she says as she holds me tight and licks the salt water from my chest.

We stay standing holding each other, chest deep in the lagoon for minutes with Zoë nuzzling my chest while I kiss the top of her head and caress her beautiful body. One of my hands finds the wetness between her legs and she pushes herself against my probing fingers. "Oh yes touch me. Touch me gently though, I am so tender there after last night," Zoë whispers into my chest as I hold her and feel her until she sighs and would have fallen back into the water if I wasn't holding her. 

"Oh God, how do you do that to me! So gentle and tender, so loving and so hard and forceful; all at once." 

I don't know how I do that either; all I do know is how I love to hold and touch the lady, my Zoë, in my arms. My hands and lips will always make her happy and I know my hardness will too.

We stay still, feeling the trade wind blowing in our hair and holding each other.

"Is this paradise or what?" I whisper into the top of my lady's head.

She is quiet and just nods her head yes, rubbing her lips up and down my chest again, licking me and kissing me, "Yes. I'm starving! Let's go and get some of the breakfast that Nunui and Leilani brought for us." 

"More quick changes," I think with a secret smile.

As always there are fresh towels waiting for us that weren't there when we left for our swim, "How do they do this?" I ask as I pick mine up off one of the chairs beside the shaded table holding our drinks and the food platter.

Zoë laughs, "Maybe they have tunnels under the whole island and they just pop up here and there to look after us."

"Yeah right," I chuckle as I take a bite of fruit and offer her the other half. She opens her sensuous mouth to accept the fruit. Her beautiful eyes stare up at me when she licks the sweet juices of the mango from my fingers with her tongue.

"I'm sticky from the salt water and still a little fuzzy, let's go have a shower," I suggest, "and we do have to deal with this erection that you're ignoring." 

Zoë picks up a piece of melon and holds it in her teeth, "Kish me," she mumbles. 

I bite off my half and kish her again and then stand to walk with my sweet pretty lady to our beach shack and a shower.

"You know I have another place you can eat fruit from, Serge."

Laughing, I squeeze her hand, "I just know we will always find firm ripe bananas on our fruit plate from now on, Baby." 

Zoë looks up at me with hooded eyes, "There are smaller fruits that you have to suck out of me, you know."

I smack my lips loudly, "Aaah, a fruit salad from a deep bowl that tastes so wonderful and sweet. How many different tastes do you have planned for me?" 

"We'll see won't we Baby."

"Hmm, fruit of the loins."

Zoë slaps my arm as we walk toward our beach shack and laughs, "Just call me Kumquat Mae,"

I slap her arm back, "Think of pineapple rings on my cock then."

"Oh, I don't think I can take all of that in me."

"Each time you try to deep throat me you have to bite one more ring off me until you can take all of me."

"I'll be too full; I can never eat that tower of pineapple. And who's going to cut the holes big enough to fit this thing." Zoë says as she touches me to feel the girth of me.

"So thick," she sighs as her hand holds me and strokes me as we walk. I have my right arm over her shoulder to hold her tight to me as we walk around the point of the small bay we are in and I am surprised to see how close we are to our shack when we laid down to sleep on the sand last night. Its right there, five minutes walk away.

"You should have told me how close we were."

Zoë looks up at me with a smile that looks almost mysterious, "I thought about it, but you were so tired and I was thrilled by the thought that we can lay down anywhere we want and sleep warm, comfortable and totally naked here in Paradise."

When we climb the stairs to our beach shack we are met by a smiling Nunui and Leilani. The shower on the balcony is running for us and I notice that they aren't wearing their silky loin cloths; tiny squares of material that don't even pretend to hide their crotches anyway. They busy themselves with preparing soaps, towels and oils for after our shower. 

Zoë notices too and leans over close to me to whisper, "They know about what Simon said about the loin clothes just getting in the way of good fun."

I lean down to whisper, "It's not polite to talk about the help like this Baby." 

Zoë goes a small shade of red, "Yes you're right but I think we are being told something here."

"Mmmm, there are no secrets on this island. Let's have our shower and a rest before we decide what to do today. We know now that Nunui and Leilani are openly offering to play with us."

Zoë raises an eyebrow at me, "Playing, Baby. Don't you mean fucking?"

I laugh, "Yes, I guess so if you don't count the time Nunui pushed me in the Moon Pool. That was more than playing, that was true fucking around. I'll never forget the feeling of falling through space."

"Oh, you big wimp you," Zoë laughs at the memory of me wind milling down from the deck into the water below.

Both our servants chuckle at us as they urge us into the shower and begin to wash our tired and sweaty bodies clean for us with their hands rubbing the soap in everywhere. This is the first time they have done this for us and it only seems natural to be touched and fondled this way after last night and the day before. 

Our outdoor shower is extravagantly huge taking up one entire corner of the deck next to the very public toilet. Four sturdy posts hold two shower heads each spraying tons of warm water into the square they form and there are comfortable wood benches on each side that you can direct the spray onto as you sit in luxury looking out at the lagoon or back at the palm grove or you can sit on the one facing the deck to spread your legs so your lover can watch the water cascade over your naked body.

Soon our showers begin to get erotic with Leilani spending more and more time washing and stroking my very stiff erection with one hand while the other caresses my balls and moves further back until a small finger finds my small brown hole to make sure it is clean too.

The same is happening with Zoë. Nunui is standing behind her washing her breasts and pinching her nipples while he keeps rocking his hips into her ass obviously rubbing his own erection up and down the soapy crack of my lady's ass. Her hands are holding his tight to her. She let's one of Nunui's roving hands loose so it can travel down over her stomach to play between her legs. When it touches her clit she moans out loud and turns her head back and up to and tries to kiss him. Her hands are holding his tight to her; urging him on, forcing his fingers into her pussy while she holds the other tight to her breast.

Nunui is kissing her neck when he bends his knees and shifts his hips and I see his thick cock head appear between Zoë's spread legs pushing in and out over her swollen pussy. She reaches down to try and push it into herself but he moves her to a bench. She gets on her knees with her back still to him and leans over the back of it with her knees wide. His hands are busy between them and then I see his hips thrust forward causing Zoë to moan in delight as he pushes himself deep into her. In no time they find a rhythm that has Zoë grunting and pushing back at each hard thrust into her.

A loud moan of a girl's frustration draws my attention away from watching the second man in hours fucking my lady back to Leilani who pulls me to the floor of the shower with her. Her legs are spread wide to welcome me into her as I follow her down to kneel over her with my hands on both sides of the pretty islander's head with my knees keeping her slim legs open to me. Small hands unerringly guide me to where Leilani needs me as I lower myself onto the young body below me to feel myself glide into the warmth and wetness that is her. Strong legs lift to meet over my ass to urge me deeper with urgent heels and desperate hands pull at me. 

The girl is tight on me as I push in deeper and deeper feeling her stretch to accept my thick cock head and the two cock rings piercing the under side my shaft. The moans from Leilani make me think I am hurting her until she starts throwing her head back and forth on the floor spraying me with even more water from her long black hair than the eight shower heads raining the warm water down onto us yelling, "So good; so thick. Don't stop! I want all of you in me." Then she yells even louder, "Oh, those rings feel wonderful," as I find all of her depths.

I can feel her soft pubic hair on my shaved and waxed crotch. Leilani begins to thrust her hips up at me while I hold still above her. Strong fingers hook themselves into the rings in my nipples to pull me tight to her when I slowly move out of her until I am just at the entrance of her pussy and push in and out just a little; slowly teasing her with my thickness until she can't take anymore and then I drive in deep over and over again with my balls slapping onto her ass. 

Teasingly I stop driving into her to hold myself above her shaking body to slowly push in and out of the entrance of her pussy one more time, pushing in just enough that the thick ridge of my cock head goes into her heat once and then deeper the second time so the rings go in to; repeating that over and over alternating with deep thrusts in between, driving her crazy until she has an orgasm so strong that she arches her back off the wood of the deck and pushes up onto me while her heels kick at my back. Finally I let out a groan of passion and throw my own head back while pushing in deep as I shoot what little sperm that is left in me after all the times last night into Leilani's hot pussy. My cock doesn't care that it is shooting empty as it spasms over and over thrilling Leilani enough for her to cum again while I pin her to the floor; throbbing and pulsing as deep as I can get in her.

Totally spent I collapse on the girl under me; pressing my body onto hers as I keep myself as deep as I can into her. All too soon it is over. I go soft in Leilani and roll off her to lie next to her on the wood deck with the warm spray of the shower falling on us. I look over at Zoë and smile at her. She is sitting on the bench with her eyes closed with a beautiful calm look on her face. Her legs are spread wide and she is moaning her pleasure as Nunui kneels between them licking his cum from her. I know it is his own cum that he is licking because both Simon and I and the three girls had sucked and licked Zoë clean hours ago to her delight.

"What time is it?" I ask Leilani.

"The sun just came up not long ago," she replies then she rolls over to hug me and murmur, "Thank you, that felt so good," as she holds me tight.

I wonder if Zoë and I will ever get to that big bed in our beach shack as I leave Leilani to lie down on one of the deck loungers in the sun and close my eyes feeling so relaxed; so in Paradise. 

Zoë joins me a short time later looking flushed from the shower and Nunui's attention, "Let's walk over to the stream and find a boat to take us up to the Mansion for dinner later." She takes my hand me causing me to look at her pretty face, well her beautiful body; all of her. 

"In the three days that we have been in Paradise we've become nudists and now we are swingers," she laughs, "I guess the words should be naked hedonists shouldn't it. We certainly are a lot freer than when we arrived here." There is a pause, "And a lot cooler," she pauses again, "well... maybe not cooler but hotter," and she laughs. 

Taking my time responding to what Zoë just said I think that it is so nice that vacations allow you that space; those long pauses and start laughing.

"What, what's so funny?"

"Do you remember all the young newly weds in we saw in Waikiki wondering who the hell they are going to spend the rest of their lives with?"

"Yes, there were some upset virgins there."

"I hope some of them were happy."

"Mmm, I'm sure someone must have been. I'm hungry. Are you?"

"Yes."

"I'm happy," Zoë tells me as she looks up at me with very hooded eyes.

"Do you love your man?" I ask.

"Yes I do. Very much," she tells me in a quiet voice.

"Let's just carry on. We should have read the brochure a little closer I guess," I chuckle as I hold Zoë in my arms.

"We're here now and we are booked for a month."

"What sort of crazy adventures do you think we can get into tonight do you think," I ask the top of Zoë's head.

"Let's go find out! I love it here," she says as she holds my cock. "This is the biggest. You know that don't you."

"You've told that lie to me before," I laugh as she moves her hand up and down me.

She looks up at me, "I'm looking forward to our time here."

I can't agree more.

After another short nap we leave the beach shack to walk hand in hand toward the stream. It is almost noon so we are dressed appropriately with straw hats and nothing else on. The oils that the islanders use on us help us to tan while protecting our northern skin from the sun. 

We decide to follow the route that Nicole and Simon took us on last night to see what it looks like in the sunlight and are not disappointed. When we leave the beach to walk the path through the perfectly tended gardens we marvel at the bright flowers and stop every few steps just to smell the heady scents of a lush tropical forest. We wrack our memories trying to name even one of the myriad of flowers and trees and come up empty. Hell, we know roses and petunias, but nothing here.

"I love watching your breasts sway as you walk."

"Do you?" Zoë asks me as she looks up at me with a coy smile. "I like hearing the rings tinkle on your little weenie as it jiggles between your thighs. 

"You can make my little thing bigger if you want."

"You men are so touchy about size. It's been big enough these last few days and made me and some other girls very happy so let's keep it down so we can enjoy the day."

"Well, don't call it little," I almost pout as I waggle my weenie and balls even more as we walk on.

Zoë chuckles at my antics, "Oh, is that a parrot in that tree over there?" 

I laugh at her changing the subject. The playful smack on Zoë's ass and her shriek of pretend shock sends the colorful bird flying off from the branch it had been perched on,

"Macaw, I think."

"How would you know?" 

"I don't. It's the only parrot name I could come up with."

With a bright laugh Zoë pushes me down and runs ahead of me along the narrow path, "Catch me if you can!"

Oh, I wish I could right then so I can spank her. Knowing that she will let me capture her in the end I struggle to my feet to run after my lady and almost catch her but I stumble as I watch her pretty ass jiggle in front of me as she runs like a cat through the jungle. It's hard for a man to run with a very erect cock. I find her hat on the path as I chase after her and I throw mine off too.

When I burst out into the sun at the end of the forest path she is nowhere in sight. Panting, I look wildly around for her and then hear her giggling behind me. "You ran right past me."

"You're all scratched."

She shrugs, "I didn't know the bushes had thorns."

I walk back to her, "Caught you."

Zoë looks up at me with a smile. "I let you," then she looks at herself, "I was having so much fun until I dove into that damn bush."

"There are only a few scratches," I say as I pull her into my arms. "Let me lick them and make them better."

She holds her nipples up to me, "These are scratched."

"No they're not," I say as I lean down to take one into my mouth and suck on it.

"I think I have another scratch much lower," Zoë moans.

"I'll be licking the one between your legs later," I tell her when I take my mouth off her breast.

"In public?" she asks me. 

"Is that what you would like?"

Zoë laughs and holds my hands tight to her breasts. Her face is red as she says, "Yes!"

She looks up at me in surprise, "God, I can't believe I just said that." 

"Is that what you want?"
