 11 days to paradise

Saturday. Paradise was getting closer. My tan was getting darker. And I was getting worn out. Between my every-other-day-orgies at the tanning salon, my wife's growing sexual appetite (which happened before every trip) and trying to get an extra week's worth of work completed before my vacation, my body and mind were having a difficult time keeping pace. Not that I was complaining about all the sex I was enjoying, but I was really looking forward to my vacation so I could get some rest.

After breakfast we took some time to read the Saturday newspaper. I opened up my laptop to complete some work while my wife showered and got ready to go shopping for some trip necessities.

I finished my work and drove over to the salon. Saturday's were always busy and though I had been managing to have some great sex when I was there on the weekends, I wasn't expecting anything this particular day. I figured the novelty was probably wearing off for Stephanie and Tasha at this point.

It was about 11:00am when I walked in the door. The salon was in full swing. People coming and going and sitting in the waiting area reading magazines.

"Can I help you?"

It was the attractive salon owner looking at me from the other side of the desk.

"Yes, hi. I'm Mr. Hampstead. I have an appointment at 11:10 I think."

The salon owner looked at the schedule on the computer behind the counter.

"Oh yes Mr. Hampstead. You're right. 11:10. It says you're due for a color check as well. Have a seat until your room is ready and I will pull your file."

As I sat down I heard a "Hello Mr. Hampstead." I turned around to see Tasha escorting a customer out and calling for the next customer to follow her into the salon. "Hello Tasha", I called back.

"We're ready for you Mr. Hampstead", the salon owner called to me, "come with me please."

I got up and followed the salon owner into the back.

"It looks like you've been holding to a very regular schedule. That's terrific. Are you getting ready for a trip or just trying to add some color?"

"We're leaving for Jamaica in about a week and a half. I think my tan is almost ready."

"Sounds really nice. I hope you've been satisfied with your service and will continue to visit us after your trip to maintain your tan from Jamaica. Here we are Mr. Hampstead, room 11."

We were at that favorite private room in the back.

"Get undressed Mr. Hampstead and I will send Stephanie down to complete your color check in a few minutes. We do the color check before your session because your skin often is a bit reddish after you tan. Enjoy your visit."

The owner stepped out closing the door behind her. I looked around and started to undress slowly, hanging up my clothes as I went. I was walking around the room naked looking at some of the pictures and posters. I was fantasizing about making love to Stephanie, eating her pussy, getting a blow job from her, fucking her ass. My erection was growing in anticipation of a pending fast romp on a Saturday morning with Steph. I was standing naked reading the instructions posted on the machine when I heard the door open. I turned around expecting to see Stephanie. I was rather surprised to see the spa owner walking in carrying the color check sticks and locking the door behind her. I was on the other side of the room from the towel which was resting on the stool over by my clothes.

"You know, it's so good to see a customer reading those instructions. I'm a firm believer we should make all our customers read those before they use a machine. It's a wise thing you're doing Mr. Hampstead." The owner turned around to face me, "So, hello again Mr. Hampstead. Stephanie seems to be tied up with another customer and I didn't want to keep you waiting, so I will do your color check for you."

"Well, uhh, I can wait until my next visit. I wouldn't want to put you to any trouble."

I was quickly losing my semi-erection feeling rather awkward standing naked yet again in front of another clothed beautiful woman I didn't know.

"Not a problem Mr. Hampstead. It will only take a few minutes. Really I don't mind in the least. And this will give me a chance to check up on the service you have been receiving"

The salon owner's eyes were looking into my own for the most part but every few seconds she would allow them to slide up and down my naked body. This last time her eyes stopped focusing on my crotch.

"Ahh, a man who does his own grooming. It's so nice to see. I always think a man's package looks so much neater and definitely more appealing when it is groomed. You know, we will soon be starting a service here at the salon that includes that type of grooming."

'Sure you will' I thought to myself 'Another unpublished service that is shared with a customer just when you happen to see him naked.'

"Really, that's terrific. I guess I missed seeing that part of the salon during my orientation. Is that service listed in your brochure? I wouldn't mind reading about the service."

"We're just designing that part of the salon. We will be looking for input from customers about the services. Maybe I can set up some time to talk with you about services for men. Okay Mr. Hampstead. Let's get started on your color check."

The salon owner had already distracted me enough that I almost forgot I was standing in front of her in my birthday suit.

"We'll do your back first then your front. It seems to work better this way. I don't know why but it just does."

The salon owner walked towards me, sticks and clip board in hand.

"You look a little nervous Mr. Hampstead. Honest this won't hurt you know."

"Yeah I know, it's just..."

"Stephanie did show how this works right? She allowed you to compare your skin tones to hers right? She allowed you to press various sticks against her skin right? Okay, I can see by the look in your eyes that that didn't happen. I'm going to have to remind Stephanie about this"

With that the spa owner put down her clip board and began pulling her salon issued golf shirt over her head.

"I find this more effective and comfortable if everyone doing a color check is in roughly the same state of undress. You don't mind if I strip down a bit do you Mr. Hampstead?"

"No. I guess not. As long as you're comfortable."

"Yeah I will be fine. I will keep my underwear on though if that's okay, just to maintain some level of decorum."

"Yeah sure fine," I replied.

The spa owner was sporting a beautiful set of D-cups covered by a seamless pure white bra. The cups were cut at a dramatic angle that exposed just a hint of her areola on each breast. She turned around and placed her top on the stool.

"You know, I tell these girls to let the customers see how this works. To apply the sticks against the customer and allow the customer to apply sticks on their skin. It helps the customer see how the subtle differences between various skin tones can be highlighted with these little sticks."

While she was talking the spa owner undid her capris. I watched intently, her hands sliding the waistband out around and down the curves of her hips. She had a beautiful body with wonderfully mature curves. She bent over again lifting one then the other leg out of her pants. A white thong hugged her waist, curved over her glutes and disappeared between the firm mounds or her shapely ass. The spa owner stood up while she neatly folded her capris allowing me to fully appreciate her shoulder length dark brown hair that fell just below her straight square shoulders; her v-shaped back ending at her crimped waist-line the softer flow of her lines out around her hips and ass and her perfectly shaped athletic legs. She bent, straight legged, placing her pants on the stool. Her ass poised high a top her legs, her thong covered pussy bulging out a bit between her golden thighs.

She stood and spun around with her hand out, "Oh, I guess I should introduce myself now that we're both standing here mostly naked. I'm Melanie, the salon owner. It's a pleasure to meet you Tom."

"Likewise Melanie. It's a pleasure to meet you. Though I must say, I don't meet a lot of beautiful women under these, uhh, conditions", I said looking Melanie up and down.

Our hands separated and dropped to our sides. Melanie's hand bumped into my re-awakened cock on the way down to her side. I jumped a little.

"Oops. I'm sorry Tom, I didn't hurt you did I?'

"No. Just a natural reaction I think. Don't worry about it. I'm fine"

"Well actually Tom, I don't get to meet a lot of my customers this way, but I looked at your chart and Stephanie had filled in a color rating for every box on your chart blah blah blah."

Hearing but not listening again. Melanie had the most terrific "D" cups. Through the thin material of her bra I could see they sported perfectly round areolas topped with the nicest matching nipples. Her waist pinched and her hips flared dramatically just the way I would draw them on a picture of the perfect woman were I able. Her thighs were in good physical condition and parted at the top enough to show off the plump labia of her triangle covered treasure. I could feel the blood returning to my penis.

"I'm sorry Melanie. I must be a bit nervous standing here naked in front of a beautiful woman and all. I think I missed the last little bit of what you were saying."

Melanie smiled at me knowing I was checking out her magnificent body while she was talking.

"That's okay Tom. At least you're honest enough to admit you weren't listening. Look, Stephanie filled in a color for every box on your registration form. That told me you had been naked with one of my attendants. That's why I told you to get undressed when I put you in the room."

"Why would you think that? I had a towel wrapped around me when Stephanie did my first color check. I don't think Stephanie has ever seen me naked."

"Well you must have opened your towel at some point. Look right here. There's a 2 marked beside 'penis'."

Melanie turned the clip board towards me. I looked at the form on the clip board and sure enough Melanie was right. The box beside "penis/vagina", with the word vagina crossed out, was clearly marked with a "2".

"Why that little sneak. I wondered why she was taking so long doing my inner thighs."

Melanie laughed and so did I.

"I will have to thank Stephanie later myself then Tom. It's not often I find an excuse to see such a handsome man without his clothes on."

"Gee thanks Melanie. I will have to thank Stephanie as well when I see her. It's not often I get to be naked with such a beautiful woman."

"Okay Tom. Enough of our mutual admiration society meeting, let's get your color check completed. Turn around and I will start with your back."

"Do you use moisturizer Tom?"

"I do. It's in my bag over by my clothes."

I heard Melanie walk over to my bag then return. "As I do your color check I will apply your moisturizer if that's okay Tom."

"Sure. I don't think I would ever complain about that. Hey, maybe that's a service you can add. I never have been able to figure out how to moisturize my back by myself."

"Hmm. That's something to consider."

I spun around and felt Melanie starting to press the color sticks against my back.

"So how has your service been from Tasha and Stephanie?"

"Why just Tasha and Stephanie?"

"When I looked at your chart it appeared that they were the only staff who has assisted you on your visits. Isn't that right?"

"Oh yeah, I guess that is right. It's just, as a general observation I have been impressed with the professional conduct of all your staff."

"Thanks Tom. That makes me feel good."

"So how does this color check work?" I asked Melanie.

"Well we hold the sticks against your skin and see which one essentially disappears. So your shoulders and your back are up three shades. That translates into about an additional SPF 4."

Melanie squeezed some moisturizer into her hands and massaged it into my back. Her hands were experienced. They felt good. Melanie started pressing sticks into various parts of my buttocks. Her hands were working together moving , cupping and separating my big muscles. Fingers pressed against and brushed over my anus sending more blood into my scrotum.

"Can you spread your legs a little Tom?"

I spread my legs as instructed and felt sticks being pressed into the underside of my cheeks, the ends of the sticks tickling my balls.

"Your butt... and what a nice butt it is Tom, is up about 4 shades, or about SPF 6. When you turn around I will show you how we do this. We always see the biggest change in people's butts."

"Now that you mention it Melanie, Stephanie did shared that information with me when she did my first color check."

I felt her press a stick against each leg, starting on the outside of my thighs , on my calves and ending in various places along my inner thighs. I didn't think about her vantage point when she grasping my thighs and butt because the whole process seemed so professional, but for certain she had a full view of my balls and cock just hanging out there in all their glory.

"and your legs are up 3 shades as well. Just one more check from back here Tom."

I felt Melanie grab my sack.

"I like to check these from both back and front. If a customer uses a stand-up machine too often their balls tend to be whiter from back here. If they're in a bed the same can happen if they aren't lying with their legs apart. If they go on vacation not knowing their balls are white... well let's just say more than a few vacations have been ruined because someone on a nude beach thought their balls were already tanned when they weren't."

All the while Melanie was talking she was wrapping my sack around different sticks, and causing my erection to continue to grow.

"So Stephanie and Tasha Tom, what can they improve on?"

'hmmm, let's see, what can they improve on' I thought, 'Blow job? Nope. Hand Job? Nope. Fucking? Nope. Ass fucking? Nope. Gee I can't think of anything they can improve on'

"Well Tom. Do you have any suggestions? Or have you lost your concentration while I've been color checking your testicles?" "ha ha ha".

"Actually Mel, I know it's a serious question you asked so I'm trying to contribute but I'm having a hard time finding something they can improve on."

Melanie continued manipulating my balls though I think she was done with color checking them, I think they were just there, so she just played with them.

"Let's see, Stephanie. Hmmm, she could be better at... well her color checks."

We both laughed. Melanie squeezed some moisturizer into her hands and began massaging it into my buttocks. Her hands were good. My cock was stiff and reaching for the wall with all its hardness.

"Oh I have it. At times they both seem to lack confidence. They need to believe they're in charge and that the customer is really looking to them for advice and direction. Otherwise, they're congenial, service oriented; they really aim to please and to provide the best customer service they can."

"Okay, thanks Tom. That's good feedback for them. I will pass that along. I don't think it's anything I have to turn them over my knee for though do you?"

We both laughed again.

"Gee Melanie if you're looking for a reason to give Tasha and Stephanie a good spanking, I'm sure I could come up with some story that would give you reason."

Stephanie got a big smile on her face. "You're funny Tom. And I could see how that might be fun with those two young beauties."

'You have no idea' I thought to myself.

"Okay Tom turn around."

I turned around. Melanie was crouched down. Her face was right in front of my cock. She looked at it intently and said "We'll do you last my fine friend."

Melanie stood up, her breasts brushed over my hard cock.

"Oops, sorry again. I just keep bumping into you don't I?" Melanie said gently grabbing hold of my penis. "I will try to be more careful. I promise."

"Okay Tom, let me show you how this works."

Melanie was standing right in front of me. Our bodies were inches away from touching each.

"So you take a stick you think is the right color and press it into a spot on the person's body. Like this."

Melanie pushed a stick against my chest pinching my nipple between her thumb and the stick as she did so. My nipple hardened in response. My cock responded by twitching.

"See Tom, that's too light, she whispered to me." Removing the stick and flipping to another color.

She pressed another stick against me. I could feel more blood pumping into my cock. Melanie's nipples were doing their best to reach across the space between us to touch my chest. "and this one is too dark. So it must be this one."

She pressed another stick against my chest. I looked down and saw how it disappeared against my skin tone.

"Yeah, I see how it blends in Melanie."

Melanie bent down and wrote the number on the stick in the space for my chest color. When she stood up she bumped my fully erect penis with her shoulder.

"I'm sorry fella." Melanie said to my penis, gently wrapping her hand around its girth.

"Gee, either I'm seeking you out or trying your hardest to get to me. I think it may be the latter, don't you?" Melanie said wryly.

Melanie stood up holding my penis in one hand while giving me the color sticks with the other. "Here Tom, you try it on me so you can see how it works. While I'm holding your staff here keeping it safe from my clumsiness, I will instruct you."

I took the sticks from Melanie.

"So look at my shoulder, then look at the sticks. Pick the stick you think will match and hold it against my skin."

I followed Melanie's instructions which were pretty obvious. Melanie continued to gently hold my penis. I flipped through a couple of sticks before I found a match.

"I think this is it Melanie. What do you think?"

Melanie looked down and said "That's a good match Tom. Now to illustrate how subtle our skin colors are and how they can change in a relatively small distance on our bodies, I want you to undo my bra so you can color check my breasts."

"Okay Melanie, I can do that."

Before Melanie could turn around giving me access to the clasp on her bra, I reached around behind her and flipped open the clasp with one hand.

"WOW, you're good at that. That was impressive."

"If you say so. It's nothing really. It's just a bra."

"Yeah it is, but if you find it that easy to undo a bra, you should set up classes. Most men fumble and stumble their way through undoing a bra if they can manage it at all. Trust me that was impressive. Sometime I will have to find out what else you can do with those hands to impress me some more."

"I'm sure we can arrange something if you're really curious Melanie." 

Melanie released my cock and allowed her bra to slide down her arms, slipping it off one then making a feeble attempt with the other to flip it over to the stool with her other clothes. The entire motion happened with Melanie's eyes locked on mine.

"Okay Tom, now cup my breast in one hand. Take a stick in the other and press it against the top of my breast" Melanie instructed me while returning her gentle grasp to my hardened penis.

I placed my left hand under her right breast, instinctually rolling her nipple under my thumb. I flipped through the sticks finding one that was obviously too light and pressed it against her perfect breast.

"So what do you think Tom?"

"I think color checks are a great service you provide. When's the last time you had one done for yourself Melanie?"

"No Tom. Is it too light, too dark or does it match?"

"Oh definitely too light Melanie."

"Then try another color until you find a match."

I tried two more. One too dark, another too light, all the while caressing Melanie's fine tit.

"I think this is it," I said, trying a fourth stick. "What do you think Melanie?"
