 Charles stared off into the dark of the pool house. The water reflected the dim lights from the outside, as well as the moon, casting eerie shadows along the walls. Mist rose off the water and cascaded over the sides of the pool. Softly, the fogged, glass door to the pool house opened and a shadow crept in. Under shadow, Charles watched the shadow, unseen. Charles's breathing was slow and steady, he tried not to make a sound. They couldn't make a sound. 

Charles was the chief butler for Lord Wiggindorf, English Earl for Her Majesty. Amanda, the Earl's daughter, was an adventurous girl Charles had known her since she was 15. He'd always loved her, but recently, those thoughts became to bring about different ideas in him. They filled him to a maddening quickness, making it difficult to concentrate. When he thought about her, his heart pounded loudly in his ears. His being concentrated on her. 

On her nineteenth birthday, Amanda had a game with her friends through the great, hedge maze out front of the manor house. It was a cold day, but the sky was blue and sunny. There was much laughter and giggling. During the game, she'd ran out maze momentarily and told Charles she'd lost her parasol somewhere in the maze. 

"Would you be so kind as to fetch it for me, Charles?" 

Charles looked at her indignantly, though inside his pulse quickened as her spoke directly to him. 

"Me, ma'mm?" 

"Oh, yes, Charles, who else could fetch it so quickly?" 

The laughter from her friends called out from the maze, and she stood there so prettily. Amanda had worn a white, party dress, petticoat and a racing gown from horseriding earlier. Her white skin was flushed, and her long, brown hair tousled from her exertions.

"Of course, ma'mm" And into the maze he went. 

He knew the maze quite thoroughly, and searched it always to the left. He ran into many young people, racing to and fro. As they would pass him, they'd make faces or roll their eyes. Always ignoring them, he narrowmindedly continued his search.

After searching the entire maze, he was dumbfounded. He'd not managed to find her parasol and he'd be forced to go back empty-handed. "She'll not be pleased at all," he thought. 

The rightmost-corner of the maze held a shack the gardener used to keep his tools in. Passing it, Charles noticed something bright sticking out from under its doorway. Walking to the closed door, Charles reached under the sill and pulled. A white handkerchief. The initials, A.W., were embroidered in red in the corner. Amanda's hankerchief. 

Charles opened the door to the shack. The shack held trowels, spades, shovels hanging on both walls. In the middle, facing him, was an opened parasol. Opened as if to keep something out. A white riding skirt was seen under the parasol. Charles closed the door, and walked over to the parasol. Using the kerchief, Charles pushed aside the parasol, to see Amanda's bright, flushed face staring at him. 

"It appears you have found my parasol, Sir," she said, smiling coyly, pleasingly. 

"Yes," Charles spoke absently, staring at her chest heaving with breath. He closed their proximity slightly. 

Amanda stared at Charles, watching him breathe hard but steadily in his butler's uniform. 

"But you appear to have exerted yourself, Sir." Charles was even closer now, standing next to.

"Oh, but Sir, what would my father say if..." Charles shushed her, softly, drawing a finger to her lips. He stared away and they listened a moment. 

The laughter of a group of young ones got louder. The group gathered out in front of the shack and started calling for Amanda. "Ollie Ollie Oxen Free!" they'd yell. Amanda started to get upset. 

"Oh, but they've found us, Charles!" Her eyes were wide suddenly with fear, her tone was low and pleading.

Charles looked down at her, her bright blue eyes shining up at him with tears in them starting to well-up. 

"They havn't found you yet." Charles sounding as much a dare as a statement. 

Charles reached his arms under hers and pulled her close. The fabric of her petticoats was crushed under the sheer butler's uniform. He pulled her into him. She smelled him, her face pressed into his chest. His hand reached up behind her neck, and Charles pulled her into a kiss. 

The shouts from outside became more insistent. The door to the little shack rattled as someone tried to open it. Charles spun Amanda around quickly, and pressed her back against the door. Their kisses became more insistent, the danger of what they were doing intoxicating. Neither of them had ever done anything like this before, but their passions were too strong. The door rattled against Amanda's back. She didn't care, and devoted herself totally to Charles. 

"It's locked!" a voice from outside spoke, beaten. The laughter slowly died away as Amanda's friends left to find her. Charles and Amanda were left to each other. 

Momentarily pulling back from her, Charles produced her hankerchief. "I found this as well."

"Oh, then you deserve a reward, Sir." Amanda spoke to him. And pushing him back slightly, she began to lift her riding skirts. "Oh, no, Amanda, we couldn't!" Charles complained. 

"Don't be silly, Charles. I don't want to sully my gown!" With that, Amanda knelt before Charles. 

"Amanda, get up! This is too much, we'll be caught" But soon, his mind was changed, as a small, gloved hand began massaging the front of his trousers. "Amanda, you must stop this..." he gulped, only half-heartedly stammering it out. "Oh?" Amanda said, unbuttoning the front of the Butler's trousers. "Is that so? A strong man like you should be able to stop me, Charles. Why don't you stop me?" Charles didn't. Amanda's gloved hand deftly reached into his trousers, like a small thief stealing from a cookie jar. Her fingers wrapped around his hardness. 

"Ummm, "she said, unabashedly, as Charles stood, transfixed on what he saw. Amanda ran her hand along the length of him several times, making a fist. Her glove an entirely different color white from his skin, which was deep red. She leaned over, and for the first time, touched his cock. She kissed it with her lips, slowly, deliberately. Lightly, taking her time. Charles let out a groan, as much enjoying watching her as the feelings within him. His knees gave a little, weak with what they were doing. 

Amanda smiled, and ran her tongue just under the tip, massaging it. 

"My God, Amanda! We shouldn't....Unh..." And with that, Amanda began to take him in her mouth. Her lips stretched tightly around his cock, first around the tip, and then gradually taking the shaft too. She hugged it as each inch went deeper into her mouth. His entire shaft slowly slid past each taste bud on her tongue, it rippling as he was taken in. When Amanda had taken all she could into her mouth, she relaxed her throat. She was determined to get all of this man into her. Slowly, patiently, the rest slowly slid down her throat, until she was gently nestled into him. Her other hand came up, and slowly played with his balls, lightly batting them with her fingers. 

Charles breathing became very hard all of a sudden. "Amanda, I cannot stop. You must, I will soon explode!" But she would not stop, stirring him with her hand. Amanda stayed on him, unable to breath, her lungs begging for air, as she suckled on him. She wanted him, within her. "Unh! Agggh, Amanda!" And with that, a first burst of cum went directly down Amanda's throat, coating her on the inside. Each explosion thereafter brought a "My God!" from Charles as he was deep down his Lord's daughter's throat. He shoved and shoved against her mouth, firing himself into her. wishing he had more so he could give her that as well. He pulled back, and Amanda frantically drew air in. The air slid in easily. Charles was quickly on his knees, asking if she was ok. "Yes, yes, I'm fine. No, I'm better than fine, Charles. It's perfect" 

A little while later, Amanda left the shack, her face more flushed than any amount of horseback riding had ever produced. She ran, exultantly, a white wisp among the green hedges all around. Later, Charles appeared from the maze, a white parasol and matching handkerchief in hand. 

Amanda could be seen, pleasantly talking with her fatheras if nothing had happened. 

"I've found your parasol, Miss" Charles uttered, trying to pretend nothing had occured.

"Oh, and what was the delay, Charles? I could've found it myself faster than that" her eyes wickedly defying him.

"Sorry, Miss. Someone must've found it and hidden it in the shed."

Lord Wiggindorf awoke at this moment, "In the shed, you say?" 

Charles turned to him, "Yes, Lord" 

"Extraordinary!" and turned back to his port and cigar, and Lord Dusendorf. 

Amanda's cheeks were ruddy with redness, her forehead sheened and glowing. 

"Here Miss, I found this as well," Charles handed over the handkerchief as well. 

Wordless, Amanda accepted the handkerchief, wiping her forehead and neck. Charles stared at her, her father sitting right next to her. Amanda's gloved hands moved the hankerchief sensually across her neck, dabbing lower. She reached the neckline of her dress, and pushed the hankerchief under it slightly. Charles's face didn't betray him, but his manhood stirred as her watched her. 

"Sir, if you have no more need for me, I've errands." 

The Lord stirred long enough for a "Yes, yes", and waveoff . As Charles passed Amanda, she pressed the hankerchief into his hand. Not breaking stride, he went into the house. 

A note, buried into the hankerchief and doubtlessly written earlier said, "Pool... Tonight" across it. He threw the note casually into the kitchen fire and adjusted his trousers again. His mind burned the rest of the day. 

Now he waited in the pool house, watching her shadow from across the room, as she slowly undressed in the eerie shadows of the pool hall.