 Emily finished applying the sweet smelling lotion to her tanned skin and stood to finish dressing. Things were really looking up for her. She'd moved out of her parent's house after graduating from college and landing a pretty decent job. She'd recently lost that "freshman fifteen" through a lot of hard work at the gym. She'd met a guy she'd been "dating" for the past two months and she really liked him, except for the fact that they'd only been on one date. It was a blind date. Her friend Rachel had set them up. His name was Steve. He said he'd be over at eight. The alarm clock on her nightstand read 7:55.

She'd already decided on her outfit. It was sexy but classy. She wanted to show off all the hard work she'd done in re-sculpting an already awesome body. Emily stood 5'8" and weighed in at a muscular 136 pounds. She had reached 150 by Christmas of her senior year and swore she'd never get there again. The running helped the most. 

She picked up her black V-string panties and slid them up her thighs and positioned the lacy triangle over her freshly shaved pussy. Then she stepped into a little black cocktail dress that hugged her curves and showed off just the right amount of cleavage. Though she could have worn a bra, and probably should have worn a bra, she felt that the dress looked so much better with the least amount of visible sub-structure to ruin the beautiful lines and smooth silhouette that the dress created. 

Emily possessed one of the best combinations of tits and ass that any woman could possess and she knew it. It was a source of pride. Each natural breast was a solid D-cup and they were positioned high on her chest, but her nipples were positioned low and at the very front of each mammary. She had thick, rubbery nipples that were always hard, even when she wasn't cold or sexually excited. Normally, the padding in her bra obscured them, but tonight she wanted to show them off. 

The door bell rang as Emily slid her professionally manicured toes into a pair of black pumps with a 3 inch heel. She opened the door to find Steve standing there holding a bouquet of flowers and a bottle of wine. He wore Levi's, black penny loafers with no socks, a white buttoned-down Oxford shirt, and a tweed blazer. They both stood for a number of seconds drinking in their respective views. Emily knew that this was by far the hottest guy she had ever dated.

"Wow!" said Steve smiling. "You are, without a doubt, the hottest girl I have ever dated."

She smiled back at him as he handed her the flowers.

"Let me put these in some water, then we can go," she said, turning toward the kitchen. Steve followed her with his eyes, focusing on her buttocks as they shifted and jiggled. The black material slid over them, but only the keen and discerning eye would be able to detect the indentations around her hips where the strings of her panties pressed into her flesh. She stood at the sink and filled a vase with water.

Steve closed the door and followed her into the kitchen. He walked up behind her and pressed the jean covered ridge of his erection into her backside as he circled her waste with his arms.

"Damn, girl, you got booty like a black girl and shit," he said gently kissing her neck just below her ear.

She knew it, but she still liked to hear it said. She took it as a compliment.

"Thank you," she said slowly grinding her ass back into him.

The kisses on the back of her neck and the feel of his hard cock pressing into her ass sent all sorts of tingles and shivers into Emily's body. She couldn't help it.

"So, why are you all dressed up this evening?" he said caressing her flanks, thighs and hips with open, desperate hands.

"I want you to take me out for drinks, dinner, and oooh." She never finished her sentence because Steve's hands had found her breasts and had cupped them tenderly while his thumbs and forefingers mercilessly squeezed her sensitive nipples. He continued to pepper the back of her neck with tiny, moist kisses.

"God, you smell good," he said.

"Steve, please stop. I want you to take me out."

"You're not wearing a bra, are you?"

"No. Please stop." He squeezed both breasts firmly and kissed the nape of her neck. She shivered and he felt it.

"This dress makes your ass look awesome," said Steve, kissing the flesh exposed as he slowly drew the zipper down her back. All of a sudden, Emily couldn't catch her breath. She felt herself getting wet. But she had wanted to go out first. She was confused. She twisted away from him and backed over to the stove, out of his reach.

"My God, Steve! All you ever want to do is fuck me!"

The words hung heavily in the silence that filled the room. She stared at him. He stared back at her.

"Yeah, well..."

"Yeah, well I want you to take me out."

"Why?"

"Why!?"

"Yeah, why?"

"Jesus, Steve! We've been dating for two months now and all we ever do is fuck! I mean, all we do is fuck!"

"You don't like the way I fuck you?" said Steve, smiling.

"That's not the point."

"Aren't you the one that told me that 'your pussy was made to be fucked'?" He took a step toward her. She couldn't hide the smile.

"But..."

"And aren't you the one that told me that you've never cum so hard and so often than when I fuck you?" She just looked at the floor. He stepped closer.

"And aren't you the girl that sets your alarm clock to go off a full hour before you have to get up to make sure you have time to suck my cock to its maximum hardness just so you can get well fucked before you have to go off to work?"

Emily looked up into Steve's eyes and didn't say another word. She walked out of the kitchen and into her bedroom. Steve followed her. She stood at the foot of the bed and finished unzipping her dress. It slid to the floor and she stepped out of it by kneeling on the bed. V-string and pumps. She spread her thighs, pushed her chest into the bed, pulled her panties to the side to expose her wet pussy and looked back at him over her arching buns.

"Fuck me?"