 NOTE: This is a fantasy intended for the entertainment of adults.

"Dad! I wish you wouldn't walk in on me like that!"

"What's up, son? Oh, I see what's up!" he snickered. "Spanking the monkey again, are you, boy? Nothing wrong with that."

Wally threw a pillow over his lower body and rolled his eyes. "Geez, Dad," he sighed. "Well, then, will you let me finish...?" Problem was, in his little fantasy, he had the girl undressed and in his bedroom. If his dad wouldn't go away, he'd have to pick her up at her house and probably meet her parents all over again...

"Only thing is, I thought we agreed that you'd get as many girls as possible in your room, here, so you wouldn't have to do it so much yourself!" said Chad, Wally's father. "You're what — eighteen, aren'tcha? Senior year? You're at your goddamn sexual peak, son!"

"Yeah, but, Dad, finding a girl who's willing ... I mean, it ain't easy...!" pleaded Wally, hoping his dad would go away so he could resume his jerkoff.

"Oh, bullshit!" barked Chad, giving his son a big smile as he tossed him his jeans. "Put these on and let's you and me go to the mall. There'll be pussy there that'll beg for your meat. Real high-quality pieces of ass, too, young man!"

"Dad, it's weird when you talk like that!" letting the jeans fall to the floor as he tried once again to hide his arousal under the covers.

"What's weird about it? That I like pussy?" laughed Chad. "Son, it'd be weird if I didn't like pussy! And tits. God, son, how I love big tits!"

"Really?" said Wally, his eyes widening. "Have you...ever touched any really big tits, Dad?"

"Jesus, son!" snorted his father. "You don't remember your mother at all, do you?" he said, his hand wandering down to his own package at the memory. "Joyce had the biggest tits in eight counties. And she loved showing 'em off. Every man who came near her wanted those big, big titties. But she saved 'em for me." Chad's eyes went dreamy, and his finger seemed to tweak the memory of his late wife's hardening nipples in mid-air. Wally nearly started his jerkoff again, whether his dad was there or not.

"Jesus Christ, Dad! That must be why I like girls with big boobies the best," said Wally.

"Fuckin' A right, it is!" said Chad, sentimentally wiping a tear from his cheek. "Goddamn it--thinking of your mama's big mams makes me horny. Let's find us some girls with big knockers! One for me and one for you!"

"Are you serious?" said Chad, leaping out of bed and reaching for his pants.

"Damn right I am!" said Chad, pulling out his car keys with one hand and continuing to massage his package with the other. "Let's hang out in front of that WOMAN OF SUBSTANCE store...."

"Hang out? Dad!" said Wally, running after his father, embarrassed at the double entendre that his father probably wasn't even aware of. "Is ... is that the store that sells real big bras?" said Wally, now hurrying. "Great idea, Dad!"

"'Cause girls who need big bras...." teased the father.

"...are girls who got big tits!" laughed the son. They nearly ran over each other running for the car.

---------------------

"Honey, I don't think I even know how to measure you for a bra!" said Lorraine. "You know I've never worn one..." she told her daughter, smiling wickedly.

"Yes, I do know that, Mom!" giggled Julie. "And just look at your tits!"

"Yeah, look at 'em!" Lorraine said, holding her monumental breasts high.

"That joke people make about how if you don't wear a bra, your tits will sag to your knees?" said Julie, with great admiration. "You prove it's not true!"

"That's right, baby," said Lorraine, running her hands around their considerable circumference. "My tits have been this big since I was fourteen, and they stand up on their own just fine!"

"How come you never wore a bra, Mom?" asked Julie, with wonder in her voice.

"Oh, your father absolutely forbid them!" said Lorraine with a smile, still feeling herself up as she spoke. "He loved that bra-less look. He loved the way they bounced, the way my hard nipples seemed to poke through T-shirts, the way other men would look at my tits with hunger in their eyes. He adored the way they jiggled a couple of inches up and down even when I was standing still, just breathing. He liked seeing the creases in my shirt. The way they made a big deal of the difference between my little-bitty waist and my big big tits, you know? The front of the shirt would be smooth — drum tight, except for the nipple poking through — and there'd be a hundred and twelve creases tucked into my tight jeans! Your father loved all that! I never wore a bra in high school because I liked the attention. And when we got married, well, they were against your father's rules!"

"But Mama, I want a bra," said Julie with a hint of a whine in her voice. "A nice big bra would really help show off my nice cleavage," she explained, as she reached in to stroke between her mother's big boobs to illustrate.

"Careful, baby," laughed Lorraine. "I'm no lezzie, but these big babies are so sensitive that anybody who touches 'em is gonna make my pussy wet! OK, I'll try to measure you so we can pick out something nice and sexy at that bra store. The one that's supposed to be for big gals like us! Pull off that T-shirt." Luscious Lorraine bounced off to find her sewing measuring tape.

Julie peeled the tight, tight T-shirt off her own big round boobs. She sighed as she admired their smooth curves and massive size. She was glad she took after her mother in the boob department. Lorraine had told her daughter many, many times that her own early and massive bust development made everyone assume she was the town slut. So Julie's mother didn't disappoint them! She fucked anything and everything from high school on, and was proud to be a slut even today. Now she wanted her gorgeously stacked daughter Julie to follow in her footsteps.

And eighteen-year-old Julie had the just the right kind of equipment up front to do just that.

"Here we go!" sang Lorraine and she shimmied back into the family living room. Julie laughed when she saw that her mother had unveiled her massive titties and was holding the cloth measuring tape between them as she held them up with her hands! "Do you mind, dear?" asked Lorraine. "I just know seeing how big your boobies are will make my tits sprout big nipple hard-ons, and might even make my pussy wet, so I stripped off."

"I don't mind at all, Mom," said Julie. "I think you look great. I think I'll take my pants off, too, since I can feel myself getting wet already."

"Good! Air everything out!" said Lorraine, springing the tape out from its tit-prison. "What do I do first? I don't know nothin' 'bout no bras!" She bounced her boobies a few times to playfully illustrate her point.

Julie stood slowly, her enormous tits bouncing ever so slightly, and undulating as her feet settled on the ground. Lorraine caught her breath, admiring her daughter's beauty and body. "Wow", she said softly. "If I had a dick, it'd be so hard right now!"

"Thank you, Mom," said Julie, blushing. "First you have to measure my hips and my waist. So we know what my whole figure is."

"Hips and waist? That means my face will be right up against your cunt, doesn't it?" asked Lorraine, dubious. "Shit. I am gonna leak pussy juice all over this floor, I know it!"

Julie giggled. "So what? People expect that on the living room floor of two town sluts!"

"That's my girl!" said Lorraine. "Okay, where does it go around your hips? Like right at the cunt, or just below?"

"Oh, Mother!" said Julie, feeling a mixture of annoyance, amusement, and sexual excitement. "Maybe you should let me measure you ... since I read how to do it on the bra store's web site."

"Ooooh!" squealed Lorraine, tossing the measuring tape to her daughter. "I like that! We'll get to see how big my titties really are!"

"Good thinking, Mom," said Julie, kneeling next to Lorraine's curvy hips and bubble butt. "You know ... I don't remember much about Dad."

"Oh, I know, dear," said Lorraine, stroking her daughter's short brown hair. "I miss him. His handsome face, his strong hands, his hard cock...! You know, in a way ... it's a good thing he passed away when he did."

"Mom!" scolded Julie, wrapping the cloth tape around her mother's hips. "How can you say that?"

"Oh, sweetie, if he'd been around when you started growing those big watermelons on your chest, there's no way he'd be able to keep his grubby paws off them. He'd be rubbing down your goodies with his hands and cock day and night!"

"Mom!" said Julie. "I can't get an accurate hip measurement with your fingers frigging your cunt!"

"Sorry, baby," sighed Lorraine, running her now soaking-wet fingers through her daughter's hair. "I was just picturing your father fucking your tits, and whooosh!" 

"I was picturing it, too," said Julie, half under her breath.

"You were?" giggled Lorraine, still working her hand back and forth between her legs. "How did it make you feel?"

"Like I need a hard dick and some grubby paws to maul my goodies!" said Julie with a smile. "Feel like going on the prowl, Mom? You and me?"

"Oh, yes!" said Lorraine, almost shouting. Julie pulled her mother's hands away from her own soaking genitals. "But first tell me how wonderful my sexy figure is!"

"Well, your hips are forty-two inches," said Julie, writing the figure down. "That sounds a little big, but I wouldn't worry. Your boobs are way bigger than that! Besides, I like your ass, Mama!" said the loving daughter, stroking her mother's smooth curves. "Now your waist!"

"Okay," said Lorraine, almost in a whisper.

"Mother," said Julie.

"Yes?"

"On the hips measurement, I was getting your hips and your hand. Now on the waist, I'm getting your waist and your wrist!"

"Oh, my God," said the horny mother. "Am I frigging myself again? I guess I do need it bad, baby!"

"I'll say," giggled Julie. "Twenty-eight. Not bad at all. Now, the tricky part. I read this on the WOMAN OF SUBSTANCE web site. I measure your rib cage, just below your big boobs."

"Tits, baby girl, tits," corrected Lorraine. "When you get into this league — and you have, baby, a long time ago — they must be referred to as tits."

"Okay, tits, Mom," agreed Julie, wrapping the tape just below her mother's wobbling wonders. "This part is confusing. It's part of determining the cup size, which really tells how big your tits are and how sexy your figure! It says ... thirty-five."

"That doesn't sound very big," said Lorraine, reaching down to play with her pussy the moment her daughter dropped the measuring tape.

"No, Mom," explained Julie. "That's your rib cage. First we add five inches to that to get your bra size. So you'll wear a forty something-cup."

"Okay! Let's go get me a size forty bra!"

"The cup size, Mother, the cup size," said Julie, sitting her mother down. "That's what really says how big your titties are. I gotta measure them. And no fair getting your nipples hard! That'll inflate the numbers."

Lorraine pouted as she sat down. She kept tantalizing her twat with her fingers. "Okay, I won't play with 'em or pull on 'em," she promised. "But I can't help if they get hard just 'cause it's sexy to have my big-titted daughter measuring me!"

"I measure around the fullest part of your bust," explained Julie. Lorraine took in her breath. "That looks nice, Mother, but it doesn't make them any bigger!" she chuckled. "You know, I think you're supposed to get the bust measurement with a bra on."

Lorraine exhaled. "Haven't got a bra, Jules."

"I know," said her daughter. "But I think it's just to minimize hang ... so that they're standing up! Maybe you should just reach under and cup 'em! That'll hold them up there!"

Lorraine smiled. "I'll try." And she did. 

"Hmmmm, let's find you a man to hold these up for you tonight, shall we?" teased Julie as she wound the cloth tape around her mother's circumference. "Forty-six! That's good and healthy, Mom! Forty-six minus forty is six, so...."

"Yes?" said Lorraine, dying to hold them up just a little further so she could lick one of her own nipples.

"You are in the market for a brand-new 40F bra!"

"Ooooooh!" said Lorraine, dropping her tits to her chest with a whomp. "Sounds lovely. So I'm 46-28-42. Not bad for an old slut!"

"Now can you do me, or were you too busy playing with your pussy to pay attention?" asked Julie, stroking her big boobies most seductively.

"Do you? Oh, you mean measure you!" joked Lorraine, taking the tape from her substantially stacked daughter. "I don't know, dear. I can't really manage this tape one-handed!"

"Give your cunt a break, Lorraine ... what was that nickname the boys gave you?" asked Julie, giggling.

"Lorraine, Lorraine, pullin' a train!" sang out the big busted mother. "That was when we played my favorite party game. As many guys as possible, and ... me! Okay, Jules," said Lorraine, getting on her knees to measure her daughter's hips. "Hey, hold those tits up, will you? They're bouncing on my head!"

Julie stifled a laugh. "They are, aren't they?" she sighed as she lifted them skyward. "Oh, they want somebody to come out and play with them! And nothing personal, Mom ... you know I love you, but they want somebody with a penis!"

"Just one? Your girls and my girls feel the same way!" agreed Lorraine. "Here, let's see ... your ass is smaller than mine! It says thirty-eight."

"Good," said Julie. "You can give it a lick while you're down there, Mom. I know you're dying to."

"Thanks, baby," said Lorraine, wiping her mouth with the back of her hand. "Now, the waist. Oh, god, Jules. That pussy smell is making me feel woozy! Your waist is twenty-four."

"So I measure Really Big Tits-24-38! I like the sound of that," said Julie, raising and lowering the weight of her tits just for the fun of it. "Can't wait for the rest of the statistics! Mom, could we 'pull a train' together?"

"You mean you want us to get a bunch of guys when we go out on the prowl?" said Lorraine, wrapping the measuring tape around her daughter just under her gorgeous bustline. "I'm not sure you're ready for that, baby."

"Oh, mother, I've done boys on the bus before. All at the same time, I mean," pooh-poohed Julie. "The offensive line for the football team, in fact! It's not that big a deal."

"Really?" said her mother in admiration. "Have you had a cock in your mouth, in your pussy, and between those big tits all at once?"

Julie closed her eyes dreamily and briefly danced her fingers over her pussy. "Yes," she whispered.

"I'm impressed!" laughed Lorraine. "There is no doubt that I have been a positive influence on my sexy daughter. Now let's see just how sexy...under the bust is thirty-one...."

"Add five inches," said Julie. "Thirty-six."

"Now, for the cup size," said Lorraine, stretching the tape in her hands in anticipation of the next measurement. "Hold them up, like you had me do! And go ahead and think of your daddy spraying them with his spunk!"

Julie's knees nearly buckled at her mother's suggestion.

"Jesus Christ," muttered Lorraine, still pulling the tape around the terrific circumference. "It's the same as me. Forty-six all the way around."

"Wow!" said Julie, opening her eyes. "So you and me are the same?"

"Not really," said Lorraine. "We take the 36 for your bra size, and 46 is...ten inches more ... that means we need to get you a ... 36J bra!"

"A J cup?" said Julie, thunderstruck.

Lorraine nodded. "J," she repeated. "You always want your kids to have more or better than you. Well, my Jules has bigger titties than her mother! Congratulations, baby." Lorraine smiled, but it seemed to be a sad smile just the same.

"Oh, mother, it's nothing to feel deflated about," said Julie. "Look at your tits! Better yet, let's find some men to look at our tits! We'll go to the mall for bras ... but mostly for guys! Get dressed ... but not too dressed!" said Julie, running into her room, tits a-bouncing.

Lorraine lifted her own bosom, immense by any standard. She looked down. "Can these attract a tit-man when there's a 36J cup around?" she wondered aloud, as she went into her room to put on something tight and low-cut that would showcase her charms. No doubt little miss J cup would be doing the same!

--------------

"Dad, did every girl you ever had ... even before Mom ... have big tits?" asked Wally as they drove to the mall.

Chad sniffed. There was no reason not to tell his son the truth. "Honestly, son, before your mother there weren't very many women! I was too fucking shy. I had a pretty intimate relationship with my hand ... kinda like you do!"

"Yeah, well, fuck you, too, Dad," said Wally — smiling, anyway.

"Except once," continued his dad. "It was at a party. All of us guys had a shot at her. She took us one at a time, and then all together. Beautiful girl, with great big tits. Lorraine was her name. We used to say Lorraine, Lorraine, pullin' a train!"

"Pullin' a train?"

"Yeah, that's another word for gang-bang. Doing a bunch of guys all at once," explained Chad. "I was about fourth in line. Most of the guys fucked her, or fucked her face. But not me."

"Yeah? What did you do, Dad?"

"Fucked those tits. Goddamn, I love to fuck tits," said Chad with a sigh. "I'd like to fuck those tits again. Wonder what ever happened to her?"

"Fucking tits," said Wally. "I love sucking tits, and feeling girls up...especially girls with big ones! But I never fucked a big pair of tits."

Chad smiled at his son. "Today, we're gonna find you a big pair of tits to fuck! The bra store was a good idea, son. Maybe we'll both get lucky!"

"Uh, but, Dad?"

"Yes?"

"Let's split up, though, okay?" said Wally. "Not too many girls my age are turned on by a guy who does stuff with his dad!"

"Okay!" agreed Chad. "Though God knows I'd love to fuck a big pair of tits on a girl your age. Oh, holy shit, does that turn me on. But you go your way and I'll go mine."

---------------------

"Ma'am, we have quite a few bras in stock in your size ... 40F," said the salesgirl. Mandy, said the name tag pinned to her breast. Lorraine wondered if this salesgirl wore the store's products herself. Mandy's breasts, although not as large as Julie's or even Lorraine's were certainly properly supported and attractively displayed. "There are white lacy ones, red ones, black ones...really low-cut ones...." Mandy seemed to focus on Lorraine's ample bosom as she spoke.

"Ooooh!" giggled Lorraine, deliberately rearing her bosom up and down, noting the salesgirl's interest. "I'll take a look. Will you come back and help me, Mandy?" she said, flirtatiously. 

Julie raised an eyebrow. As her mother said when she'd touched her tits at home, Lorraine was "no lezzie", but she was having fun with this attractive young thing.

"Certainly, Lorraine," said Mandy warmly. "Just let me talk to your daughter for a moment."

"Sure thing, cutes," said Lorraine. She folded her arms under her bust and lifted them toward her chin. "We can't wait!" Lorraine winked at Julie. "I'll see you later, Jules." Lorraine glanced at a young man who stood transfixed at the sight of her daughter out in the mall, through the door of the shop. "Maybe at home, dear."

Mandy looked long and hard at the way Lorraine's shapely behind wriggled its way to the changing room. Finally, she turned to Julie. "But I'm afraid we will have to put in a special order for the young lady," continued the salesgirl. "36J is ... well, it's outstanding. You are one lucky girl."

"Thanks," said Julie, sitting down on a bench. She felt the warm firmness of the undersides of her breasts as they settled on her thighs.

"If you'd like to leaf through this catalog to determine what styles you prefer," said the girl, about to place the catalog on Julie's lap, but stopping short when she realized there was no more room. Julie smiled and took the book from her. "I'll go get the special order paperwork."
