 He looked down before entering her and gazed upon her magnificent breasts. Even supine, they weren't much flattened. At fifteen years his junior, she was really more than he could handle, but he loved trying, and he loved her. She was insatiable—perfect for him because he could have her whenever he wanted, but not so much for her because it was not nearly often enough for her. 

She wrapped her legs around his back. "Are you waiting for an invitation?" she asked urgently. 

Snapping back to reality, he uttered, "Sorry." He slid his large cock into her. 

The thrill of his glorious tool easing inside of her was her tradeoff for not having it as frequently as she would like. He was a good man and she loved him. "That's it, baby. Fuck me good." 

He thrived on the encouragement she gave him. Beyond that, every time he made love to her was like doing it for the first time. Her vagina engulfed his cock in a warm, gentle embrace. He could probably come by nothing more than just being inside her. With those toned legs still wrapped around him, she used her calves to coax him to thrust faster. 

But just that quick, she halted. "What was that?" she whispered in his ear. 

John lifted his head up to hear. 

"Is that Barry home already? He's early," his wife, Elizabeth, noted. 

Barry was John's 20 year-old son, her stepson. 

"Sounds like him," John agreed. "Must have struck out again, poor guy. He has no luck with women." 

"I don't think it's a lack of luck," Elizabeth countered. "I think he just needs encouragement, maybe even some instruction, or at least, pointers." 

"You might be right. Maybe—" 

"Uh, could we finish what we're doing first?" she huffed. 

"Oh. Yeah." John went back to his slow, deliberate thrusting. 

"Mmmhmmmm," Elizabeth purred. Additional whimpered sounds of pleasure followed. She threw her head back to allow euphoria to take hold, but suddenly, something distracted her. Out of the corner of her eye, she caught a glimpse of slight movement outside of their bedroom door. "He's watching us," she whispered in his ear in a slightly frustrated tone, although she really was not. It was actually something of a turn on that they had a voyeur. 

"I'll have to have a talk with him," John said, beginning to pull out of her. 

"No, finish me." 

"With him watching?" 

"I don't care!" 

So, he complied, albeit as quickly as he could. She had her orgasm. It was mostly satisfying, though only marginally better than masturbation. 

John allowed her a few moments to recover before asking, "So, what should I say to him?" 

"You need to find out how he talks to girls, how he treats them, how he interacts with them. You also need to consider that it might not be him. It might be the women he picks." She felt his cock gradually slide out of her pussy by deflating. 

"Sounds like you ought to be the one to talk to him." 

"I would, but you should try first. He might not want to talk to me about that." Elizabeth actually got along well with Barry, but she wasn't certain if it was well enough to have that kind of discussion. 

"What advice should I offer?" 

"I don't know. It depends on what he says. If nothing is obvious, just tell him you want to help and you'll think about solutions and get back to him. Then you and I can discuss it and maybe come up with something." 

"Okay. Good." 

* * * 

In the comfort of his bed under the covers in his darkened room with the door closed, Barry eased his shorts down below his scrotum and took a firm hold of his raging hard-on. With the image of his beautiful stepmother nude in his mind, he gently moved his hand up and down his shaft. He'd never actually seen her completely nude, but he'd glimpsed enough that his mind could assimilate the missing pieces. She had the most perfect body he had ever seen on a woman. Her tits were as round as could be, and while it occurred to him that they might not be completely real, he didn't care. Her legs were long, shapely and nicely tanned, atop which sat a gorgeous ass. 

How his fifty year-old dad had managed to find, attract and marry such a dazzling 35 year-old woman was beyond Barry's comprehension, but he had. And more importantly, from what he could tell, his stepmom, Elizabeth, seemed to genuinely care for his dad. 

And that brought in the next image to his mind of the two of them fucking. Barry had heard the squishing sounds of their copulation along with Elizabeth's moaning and cooing, and replaced his dad with himself. That vision and a couple of spits of saliva in his palm brought him over the edge. He quickly placed a hand towel he'd kept handy over his dick and spurted a nice relieving load into it. 

With a smile on his face, he cleaned the residue off of him, dropped the towel on the floor, let out a slow deep breath and drifted off to sleep with a picture of Elizabeth in his head. 

* * * 

The next morning was Saturday and everyone slept in. John was first to awaken. He eased his feet to the floor, closed the door to their bedroom, and returned to the warmth and comfort of their bed. Gently, he pulled the covers down just far enough to expose Elizabeth's magnificent breasts and gazed lovingly at them as though they were exquisite works of art—and in a sense they were. 

The longer John allowed his eyes to feast on those perfect orbs, the larger his cock grew. Aside from the pleasantry of the view, that was his ulterior motive. He wanted to arouse himself to again make love to his wife to make up for their haphazard interrupted copulation last night. Now he reached the point where his mouth salivated for her savory nipples. He leaned in and tenderly kissed the nearest one before sucking it between his lips. While doing that, his pointed tongue made circles on the flat end of her nipple. 

Elizabeth had sensitive nipples and her husband's mouth action nudged her to wakefulness. A huge smile formed on her lips. She loved being awakened via sexual means. She tilted her frame toward him and thrust her other breast out to entice him to give that one equal attention. He eagerly complied. 

After only a couple of minutes, Elizabeth grinned and said, "Come here, you." And with that, she rolled him over onto his back, climbed aboard, grabbed his cock and stuffed it into her pussy. "Mmmmmhhmmmm." It was her standard response when he first entered her. 

She set about riding him with complete abandon, moving her hips forward and back for a few minutes and then rotating in circles. John actually loved her on top. He loved to prop his head up enough to see her abdomen pumping and her pussy moving around on his cock, not to mention her breasts bouncing. And then there was the intense concentration on her beautiful face as she whipped her head around, her chestnut-colored hair tussled from sleeping flapping up and down. 

Fortunately, Elizabeth was a quick comer. She was always so horny, it didn't take much for her to reach orgasm. The other positive aspect of her being on top was that she could control the action to bring herself off in the manner she wanted, which always seemed to satisfy her. Another benefit of her climaxing so rapidly was that in this position with all of her gyrations, John would come quickly also. He always tried to hold off until she was finished and this morning he succeeded, hosing her vagina with a flow of hot, steamy semen. Sometimes she even had a second mini orgasm when he did that because she loved the feel of the liquid jets blasting her inner walls. This morning was no different. 

When she felt his penis finally deflate, Elizabeth rolled off of him onto her back beside him. Turning her head, she kissed him on the cheek. "Good morning!" she greeted enthusiastically with a big smile. "I love starting the day like this." 

"So you've mentioned a thousand times," John responded jovially. 

Both arose and went through their normal morning routine, showering and dressing. Exiting their bedroom for the kitchen, Elizabeth noted as they passed Barry's room, "Sounds like he's awake." 

"I'll bring him coffee and have the talk." 

* * * 

Because he had gone to bed so early, Barry didn't sleep as late as he might otherwise on a Saturday morning. When he heard the door to his parents' room close, he knew it was so his dad could attempt to satisfy his insatiable stepmother. He'd overheard her say many times how much sex she needed, but he didn't know how successful his dad was in providing it. The fact that they were still together must be some indication. 

Even though he wouldn't be able to see anything, Barry hurried out of his room and down the hall to at least listen outside their door. He loved to hear Elizabeth emit all of the sounds she did during sex, but this morning they were especially quiet—probably for his benefit—so he sauntered back to his room and closed the door. With nothing to stimulate another handjob, he merely laid back down. 

He used the time to ponder what had gone wrong last night. Daphne was an attractive girl. Their light dinner and drinks at the nightclub they'd gone to were enjoyable, but when she invited him into her dorm room was when it all went to hell. He became nervous about performing and couldn't maintain his erection and just that quick, the night was over. Same scenario, different girl. 

The problem was, he didn't know what to do about it. However, before he could ruminate further, there was a knock on the door. "Come in," he said, envisioning his stepmom standing there in the most revealing outfit, but not at all disappointed that it was instead his dad bearing a cup of coffee. 

"Morning, son," John greeted, holding out the cup. 

Accepting it, Barry said, "Hey, dad. Thanks." 

Without preamble, John asked, "So, did you enjoy the show last night?" 

Frowning, Barry answered, "I didn't go to any show last night." 

"I think we both know what I'm talking about. The show you watched after you came home." 

Barry was silent, but his expression admitted his guilt. 

"I know we should have closed our door, but then we really didn't expect you home so early." John sat at the foot of his son's bed. "What's up with that? Thought you had a hot date?" 

Barry pursed his lips and rolled his eyes. "It was until she invited me to her room." 

"Struck out?" 

"Guess it just wasn't meant to be," he remarked, shrugging it off. 

"Sounds like there may be more to it than that. Want to talk about it?" 

"There's not much to talk about," Barry said, taking his first sip. 

"Maybe if you told me about it in greater detail, I could help you out. Give you some pointers." Knowing his son had an eye for Elizabeth, John added, "I think I've done well for myself." 

That actually resonated with Barry. When his dad asked if he wanted to talk about it, his first thought was what could he possibly say. But however his father had done it—still a mystery to Barry—he had, in fact, landed one hell of a catch. After a deep breath, Barry explained, "I seem to get nervous when push comes to shove. Last night, we had dinner and I think I was perfectly charming. After that, we went to a nightclub, danced a little and really seemed to connect. And then, she invited me to her dorm room and I started getting nervous about performing and satisfying her and I had a difficult time keeping a hard-on, and before I knew it, she was escorting me to the door as much as saying don't call me, I'll call you. That'll never happen." He heaved a heavy sigh of frustration. 

"Has that happened before?" his dad wanted to know. 

"More often than not." 

Nodding his understanding, John asked, "Have you ever gone all the way?" 

"A couple of times, but then I came prematurely. It was a girl I actually had a second date with. The first time she cut me some slack, but after the next time, she wouldn't even take my calls." 

Pensively, John said, "So, it sounds like you just need to build your confidence up." 

"At the very least." 

"Okay, well, that's not an insurmountable problem," John said, taking his wife's advice. "I'm going to mull it over for a bit and come up with the best solution and we'll talk again later. How's that?" 

"You really think you can help?" Barry asked hopefully. 

"Of course," John assured, standing and patting his son on the shoulder. "We'll talk again later," he repeated. 

* * * 

John returned to the kitchen to find Elizabeth sitting on a stool. Despite having that incredible body, she did not show it off with slutty clothes. Sometimes, that was a disappointment—at least around the house—but otherwise, it was refreshing that she didn't feel the need to make a spectacle of herself. She wore loose-fitting jeans and a pullover top that, while tighter than her pants, was not form-fitting. Her only reveal was that her shirt was somewhat low-cut. Despite all of that, she was still sexy as all hell. 

"Well," John began. 

But Elizabeth held up her hand to halt him. With a mischievous look, she explained, "Sorry, I eavesdropped since you left his door open." She offered a shamefaced grin. 

He gave her a stern look, but only playfully. "So, what do you think?" 

"Sounds like he over thinks doing it instead of just going in there and doing it," Elizabeth diagnosed. "We need to instill the courage in him to just go in and do it instead of thinking about it first." 

"And how do we instill that courage?" 

"Give him tips and pointers on what to do so he'll have the confidence to do it." 

"I can do that, but there's no way to know if he'd be doing it correctly. It's not like when I taught him to drive a car and was sitting there next to him showing him exactly what to do." John shrugged and smirked. "Hell, we ought to just leave our door open and let him watch!" He wasn't looking at his wife when he said that, but when he did glance at her he saw the look of stupefaction on her face. "Okay, I wasn't really serious." 

"Actually, I'm more stunned that you really said that," Elizabeth admitted, "than that you would really allow it. Truthfully, it's a good idea." 

"You would be okay with him watching us?" Now, it was John's turn to be stunned. 

"He's already done that," she reminded, matter-of-factly. "And I'd wager he's done it more than the one time we caught him. As it is, I think he undresses me with his eyes when he looks at me. So, what the hell?" What Elizabeth didn't say was that the thought of allowing Barry to watch them was erotic, and if she thought her husband would do it, she'd take him back to the bedroom and fuck him again. But she knew, for him, it was too soon since they had just done it a couple of hours ago. 

"Do you want me to talk to him about the way he looks at you?" 

"No, no" she answered with a smile. "It's actually kind of flattering. He's a young man who is probably always horny as all hell. Except for the young man part, I can relate to that. He probably does that to a lot of women." 

John shot her another stern look knowing her relate remark was a jibe at him. "So, you want me to tell him he can come watch us?" There was skepticism in his voice. He had been truthful in saying that he hadn't really been serious when he made the statement, and though it actually did make sense, the peculiarity of it made him uncomfortable. 

"I'm not getting the sense that you're completely on board with the idea." 

"It is a little kinky inviting a 20 year-old child in to watch you have sex." 

Grinning, Elizabeth said, "I like kinky." 

"Okay," John reluctantly replied. 

* * * 

However, John waited a few hours before returning to Barry's room. He wanted to think about having his son watch to make certain he was okay with it before making the offer. He never really was sure about it, but knowing his wife, he approached Barry anyway. 

"Well, believe it or not," John began, "I think we have a solution." 

Looking up sharply, Barry asked, "We?" 

"Elizabeth and I." 

"You told her?" 

"She's closer to your age. I thought she might have some insight." 

Somewhat abashed, Barry asked, "Oh, dad. That's embarrassing." After a deep breath, he asked, "Okay. So, what did you come up with?" 

"We believe that you might be over-thinking performing with a woman instead of just doing it. So, we want to build up your courage by making certain you really know what you're doing so you'll just go in there and do instead of having to worry about." John paused for a reaction and he could see that his son was considering what he had said. 

"That actually makes sense," Barry admitted. "And how do we go about that?" 

"By having you watch us," John stated flatly and casually. 

"What? Are you serious?" 

"Well, it isn't like you haven't already watched us many times," John shot back. 

"It wasn't many," Barry disputed. "Maybe a couple. And only because I heard something and checked it out. And you did leave your door slightly open. I mean, I might have watched for a minute or so. I certainly didn't stand there and watch the entire time." 

With a grin and an expression of disbelief, John said, "Okay, if that makes you feel better. So, what do you think of my proposal?" 

"You mean actually come in your room, sit down and watch?" Barry clarified skeptically. 

"Sit, stand, however you're most comfortable." 

"I don't know," Barry said with a grimace, squirming uncomfortably on his bed. "It just seems a little weird." 

John nodded. "Did to me also at first. But I warmed up to it. I'm not going to force you. Think about it. We'll leave the door ajar and you can just come on in if you want to." 

Barry nodded and John left. 

His head spinning, Barry contemplated his dad's offer. While it would be incredible to watch Elizabeth get fucked—not from the doorway as he had observed before but up close and personal—would be a thousand times better than a porno flick. And to see her totally nude would be a dream come true. However, to also be watching his father having sex . . . how uncomfortable and awkward would that be? He'd never seen his dad in anything less than underwear—except for the few times he had spied on them having sex. And at that, they had been in bed so he really hadn't seen much. 

It was all Barry could think of the rest of the day. But he never could decide what to do. Fortunately, his dad and stepmom went out to dinner, so he didn't have to sit through a meal with them with that on everyone's mind. On the other hand, the visualization of what he could possibly see Elizabeth do in his mind all afternoon had him so horny by evening that he found himself drifting toward his dad's and her bedroom when he heard the first sounds of their bed play. 

He stopped just outside where he normally did to peek—even though this time the door was wide open—and watched. Elizabeth was on her back with her legs spread and his dad was at the foot of the bed bent over licking her pussy. She was moaning and making sounds such as if she was eating a really good meal. Barry involuntarily moved to the other side of the doorway for a better view, and when he saw his stepmom's gaping pussy, wet with his father's saliva, he couldn't help but suck in his breath, making his own sound. 

John turned his head and Elizabeth turned hers. She grinned, but he appeared more apprehensive. 

"Come on in," Elizabeth beckoned. 

John merely gestured with a sweep of his head. 

Barry's eyes were too busy glued to her gorgeous pussy to notice her tap his dad on the side of the head. Her nod that followed was to urge her husband to offer commentary. 

Clearing his throat, John said as Elizabeth sat up, "Weren't sure you were coming so we kind of got started, but we'll start over with a little kissing." 
