 My eyes open and I take a sharp intake of breath as I try to figure out what might have woken me.

Lifting my head from the soft pillow my raven hair cascades across, I blink the sleep from my eyes and focus on trying to hear whether one of the children has stirred, the usual cause of being woken in the middle of the night. But only relative silence, the creaking of the house and the wind outside meets my ears, and with a grumble I place my head back down to see the time is 2am.

And sleep is such a precious commodity. With two children under five, any night undisturbed is a blessing - even better if it means the bed only contains me and my husband, Rob. Though the bed is only used for sleeping in nowadays. And sometimes building a pillow fort with the kids.

I twist slightly and look at my still-sleeping husband, though he's no more than a shadow in the depths of the night. But I don't need to see him to be able to know the thick stubble around his jawline, and the touches of grey along the edge of his jet black hair, or how his blue eyes can still pierce straight through me when he gives me one of his smiles.

Yes, we're still in love, which is better than most of our peers. But as tends to be the case when you have children, we had morphed from husband and wife into daddy and mummy, with little time to enjoy one another without being distracted by our children. It's been a month since the last time we'd found time, or the desire, to fuck, and that had felt rushed and incredibly unfulfilling. And that was no ones fault - not really.

Still, I really do miss the intimacy. Even now in our bed there was a significant gap between us, the days of cuddling and falling asleep in one another's arms long gone now that the children were here.

That doesn't mean it has to stay that way though.

Carefully I scoot backwards and press my behind, a behind larger than it had been when we got married, against him and wrap one of his strong arms around me like a blanket. He responds by making a sleepy sound of acknowledgment and snuggles a bit closer to me, enveloping me into his warmth as he breathes softly into my hair.

I've not come for a cuddle though. Not this time.

I start to lightly kiss his arm and push my behind into his crotch gently, feeling my body slowly wake up in his arms as desire floods me and an ache starts to form between my legs. Rob doesn't react immediately, but with my hips becoming a little more insistent I start to feel a firmness grow in his pajama pants.

"Rach?" he whispers, voice full of sleep. I answer him by reaching behind and twisting my wrist to grab his ass. It's pretty clear what I want and, despite his sleepiness, I know he'll want this too.

When he presses hard against my ass, I know I have him.

Hot breath rushes against my neck and I can feel Rob's desire in it, even before his lips press against my skin. His stubble scratches against me but it's hardly unpleasant, and it's really not where my focus is. Instead it's how I can feel his hardness against my ass as we grind against one another.

I want to tease him, and I'm sure he wants to do the same, but when we could be interrupted at any moment we both know that teasing and foreplay has to be at a minimum. And anyway, it's kind of hot when his hands grip the elastic of my bottoms and yank them down past my ass so quickly - it makes me feel incredibly desired.

Rob pulls away only for a moment and in that time I position myself ready for him. When he returns I feel the thick, bulbous head of his cock against my pussy for just a moment before he pushes into me, deep and slow.

My eyes shut tight and I do my best to stifle a moan as we start to slowly fuck, our hips grinding against one another and his arms wrapping around me. Love swells inside of me at being close and intimate with my man, my lover and the father of my children again. Despite all the changes with our lives, and how we've both gotten older and more tired, it's only him that can make me feel this way.

I take his hand and guide him under the baggy t-shirt I sleep in, and then he does the rest. His strong hand grips a handful of my large, heavy breasts that are a long, long way away from what he first met. But the way he kneads them is still the same, and the way he pinches my sensitive nipple to draw a gasp from my lips is the same.

"Rob," I whisper, finally feeling brave enough to speak without shrieking out how good he feels inside of me. And God do I want him to hear me moan, much like I did when we were young and he would come over to the house I lived in with my very religious parents. Back then we'd shifted a small set of drawers against the door of my bedroom to prevent having anyone walk in on us fucking.

It really wasn't too dissimilar to the situation we were in now. Except instead of a set of drawers, it's our duvet covering his and hiding us from the outside world. Or at least any potential late night intruders.

Moving his hand to grab my torso, Rob moves us so I'm laying on top of him while making sure his cock never leaves my pussy. And immediately both hands shift my shirt over my chest and he takes both of my breasts into his hand.

My back arches and I start to push down harder on his cock now I have leverage, rolling my hips down onto him. I bite my lip hard to refrain from crying out his name, to prevent myself from screaming how much I have missed his manhood sheathed inside me like this as the pressure between my legs grows.

Even after a month without any intimacy between us, Rob still knows the cues of my body better than anyone ever has. He knows I'm close, and so he moves his right hand from my breast to my sex and quickly finds my clit.

It becomes a battle to stay quiet. My hands slam into the sheets of our bed and I grip them tightly as my chest heaves against the duvet that only partially covers my tits now. I don't care at this point though. The only noise I make is heavy breathing and slight, soft gasps that turn into a quiet groan when Rob pushes me over the edge.

Our bedroom is filled with my shuddering gasps for air as I convulse on top of my husband, my pussy tightening around his cock as I moan as quietly as I can and continue to slowly grind onto him.

Rob gently caresses my body, lightly kissing my neck as he lets me recover. I know how badly he must want his own release, but at no point am I rushed. Indeed, I'm all but done recovering when I feel him pull out and place me on the bed, and I can vaguely hear him to the side of me removing his bottoms under the covers before helping me to remove mine.

In the dark I can't see him too well, but I can feel the weight shift on the bed as he hovers over me to kiss my lips. It's gentle, and sweet, and full of the love I know he has for me. His hands are on my shirt, already past my large breasts from his recent groping. He lifts it over my head and I manoeuvre enough so he can toss it to the floor with the rest of the bed clothes, before pulling the sheets over his shoulders and back like a cape.

His mouth drops briefly to take one of my nipples into his mouth and I let my hand run through his short, dark hair. Rob has been patient enough though, and I want him still. I'll always want him.

"Fuck me, Rob." I whisper into his ear. "I want you to fuck me."

He pulls back from my breast and I'm sure I can see his smile in the dark. Then I feel my legs pulled apart and then his cock back inside my sensitive pussy.

It's his turn to do the work now. He uses his full length to slide slowly in and out of me to start with but I know what he's building up towards, know how powerful and passionate he can be with me when he's in the mood. It starts with his large hands gripping to my thick, pale thighs, using his grip to pull me into his thrusts.

He's a shadow above me who could be anyone. But his deep grunts as he fucks me are the same I've always known, just like I know the body I wrap my legs around to keep him close, my ankles crossed against the small of his back. I let my hands smooth upwards and against his thick chest, happy to enjoy touching him and feeling the roughness of the hair across his pecs.

"Fuck me," I gasp. "Keep fucking me Rob. Fuck your wife."

Such is the hardness of his thrusts, the bed begins to creak and the headboard smacks against the wall three times before I reach behind and over my head to grab it and stop it making any more noise. There is no way I'm having the children stopping this now before we've finished.

I need his cum. Need to be reminded of how it feels to have his seed spill into the deepest parts of my cunt. To know what it's like to be marked as my husband's once more as I mark him as mine.

He starts to take me deeper and faster and I hear the groan from his lips as my own squeak joins it. One of his hands grabs my breast and grips it hard as pistons himself into me, the base of his cock against my clit bringing me closer and closer to another release.

When he finally erupts inside of me, he collapses on top of me and the sound of his animalistic, guttural grunting into my ear sets of my own release. I wrap my arms tight around his shoulders and hold him close as I gasp out his name and roll my hips against him to draw out my orgasm.

I can't remember the last time I felt so close to him. Even though I know when we're woken up at 6am by the kids I will feel beyond tired, it will be a tiredness that will have been so worth it. My hands smooth up and down his back and I let out a contented sigh of relief.

"Love you, honeybee." he says, calling me by a pet name I haven't heard him call me for years, as he pulls out and lays down beside me. I quickly move into him, resting my head on his chest as he pulls me close to him to cuddle up.

"Because I wake you in the middle of the night to fuck?"

I hear the smile in his answer. "I mean... that's one reason. But there's lots of reasons. Fuck I didn't know how badly I needed you."

"Me neither," I reply, and lean up to look at him in the dark. "Maybe I can ask my parents to take the kids for the weekend? We can go somewhere nice and we can sleep and fuck for two days straight."

"Sounds perfect," Rob replies. "Especially the sleeping."