 I'm standing at the bar behind the stage, looking over the dance floor when you quite literally stumble into me. You try to reach for a handhold as I move to catch you. I manage to grab your shoulders, you manage to grab my crotch. Looking up at my smirking face you start to turn a brighter shade of red than your auburn hair. "I normally have to buy a gorgeous woman like you a few drinks before I can get that far," I say, trying my best to be suave.

To my surprise,you respond with, "well, you better start buying me drinks." I notice you haven't let go yet. I lean back and ask the bartender for a Panty Droppper, a tequila shot and two vodka Collinses. As I watch him go off to make our drinks, I feel your hand gently caress my cock through my dockers. When I turn back to you with the shots in my hands you give me a lop-sided grin and take them both, using the Panty Dropper as a chaser for the tequila. You reach behind me for the other drinks on the bar, mashing your ample breasts into me. 

You hand me one of the drinks as you walk towards the dance floor. I follow you back to your friends, tossing some cash to the bartender. One of your friends eye me suspiciously, but I hand her my drink and tell her I got it for her. Her severe expression lessened as she takes the drink and tries it. You barely notice the byplay, instead, starting to dance on me. Your firm ample ass starts grinding into me, and I start to get lost in the music and your grinding. 

I regain consciousness as you lean your head back and tell me that you've finished your drink and don't feel like dancing anymore. Looking down, I realize my left hand is massaging your boob and my right is splayed a few inches above the quite high hem of your silvery dress, pressing you back into me.

You turn to your friends telling them you'll see them back downstairs in your room in a few hours. With that, you walk off, with me trailing, going downstairs and out of the club. I follow you across the casino floor to the elevators, and we find ourselves alone for the ride up to your room. I decide to be brave and pull you in, lightly brushing your lips with mine. You respond by grabbing my ass and kissing me back hungrily. All too soon the elevator stops on your floor and the doors open.

We break the embrace and hurry to your room. As we walk in, we notice that one of your friends is passed out on the bed. I raise one eyebrow at you in a silent question. You give me a devilish smile and put one finger to your lips, then you start sucking it. After you stop giving me an impromptu demonstration of your oral skills, your hands move to your shoulders and pull your straps down your arms.

Letting your dress drop, you are left standing in front of me in your stilettos,a black silk bra and a see-through thong. I just stand there at first, soaking in your gorgeous body. I reach out, taking your right hand in mine and raising it above your head, telling you to go through a turn. As you twirl, I glance down at your magnificently exposed ass, quickly caressing it with my left hand as it rotates by. 

As you complete your turn to face me, I start trailing the fingers of my right hand down your still upraised arm, gently tracing my way down to your shoulder, then around the back of your neck and down your collar bone, and outlining the bottom of your left breast. I lift my left arm, tracing those fingers up your right thigh, over to your back, then, pull you into myself. Your head is forced up to look at my lips, you see them descending to greet yours, but they stop just short. 

Even with your heels on, I'm still tall enough that you have to reach up to kiss me. As you stare at my lips, my tongue darts out to wet my lips slightly. That decides it, you stretch the extra inch, rocking forward, pressing you body even more firmly against mine, our lips touch. My hand goes to the back of your head drawing you deeper into the kiss. As you start to feel breathless you try to decide if you should break the kiss or not, it feels so great, but pretty soon you are going to really need some air.

I start to gradually pull back away, my hand tracing its way back down to your back. You are a little disappointed that the kiss is ending, but as I start trailing kisses down your neck you feel the familiar tightness of your silk bra suddenly disappear. You feel my hands on your shoulders, dragging the black straps down your arms. As my mouth returns lightly to yours, you feel a hand cupping of your boobs. I deepen the kiss, starting to trace your boobs in circles, getting ever closer to your nipples. 

As I break the kiss you look down and see my large masculine hands on your breasts, and realize that you are starting to get really wet. My fingers, tracing your boobs, are getting maddeningly close to your nipples, but never touching them. You need me to touch them. You can't stand it anymore, but you feel that it would be almost cheating to move your body to make me stroke your nipples. You look up at me and notice me smirking at the little furrow on your forehead, telling me how desperate your need is.  

As you look into my eyes, my thumbs rub up and over your nipples, you swear you could feel that in your clit. When I roll your nipples between my thumb and forefinger, you feel it in your clit again. Every nerve in your body seems to be tuned to two little points. 

I start kissing your neck again. This time I start trailing kisses down to your boobs. Capturing your left nipple in my mouth, I gently nip it, and flick it with my tongue. As my mouth starts to play with your boob, my left hand is still playing with your other one. My right hand, meanwhile, traces down your stomach. I start to trace the outline of the crotch of your thong, my hand slipping under the sides. My hand starts tracing the outline of your lips through your thong. Thanks to the fact that I can see your pussy perfectly through your thong I can rub just the edge of your lips without slipping in between them. My mouth leaves your nipple and my right hand returns to your bare nipple as my other hand reaches into the top of your thong.

I start tracing your lips again, but this time quickly slip a finger in between them, wetting it and moving it back up to start circling your clit. Unexpectedly, I lower my hand and stick just the top half of my middle finger into you, rubbing your g-spot. In your surprise and pleasure you gasp and lose your balance a little. My hands go to your hips to steady you. They start tracing their way down your sides, then down your legs as I go into my knees, my hands taking your thong with them. As you step backwards out of your skimpy lingerie I move forwards, lifting you by your butt cheeks, and setting you down on the desk you were in front of.

I trace kisses down your stomach and to your clit. You raise your head to look at me as my tongue parts your lips, and your already heavy breath starts to get ragged. My tongue quickly finds and flicks your engorged clit. The feeling electrifies you, it feels like every nerve in your body, from your fingers to your toes are on fire. You need me to keep going, and I comply, tracing your vagina with my tongue and paying special attention to your clit. 

As you feel your orgasm building, my fingers slide back inside your hole. One is going pretty deep, but the other one is curling up to stroke your g-spot. It quickly becomes too much for you and you scream out as the orgasm rips through your body, spasming muscles and searing nerves.

I stop and stand up as the last of the aftershocks makes it's way through you. You think to yourself that as great as that felt, you really need something bigger than a finger inside you. As you look at me, you realize I have taken off my shirt and am about to lose my pants. As they slide down, my cock pops free. Standing up, you take it into your hand and start to stroke it gently. Then, looking into my eyes you bend down, balancing on your toes and heels, and slowly take me into your mouth. You start by just kissing the tip. Your tongue flicks out to tease my head, then you open your mouth and take me into you. As you start to bob up and down, my hand slowly migrates to the back of your head. You look up into my eyes as you take me even deeper. Your hands are playing with my balls and stroking my shaft. 

Suddenly, I pull you upright, kissing you quickly and roughly. I turn you around and bend you over the table that you were just laying on. You feel my hands on your hips and my cock at your lips. With a long, slow thrust, I'm inside of you. I start to move back and forth slowly, picking up speed. My cock starts to ram into you, going seemingly deeper every time. Your pussy is on fire. I'm pounding you into the table, but you don't notice because your vagina is starting to throb. As my breathing starts to get heavier, yours starts to get ragged. My hands are slipping from your breasts to your hips and back, caressing you as they go. As my pumping starts to get irregular and furious you start thrusting backwards. You can feel another orgasm building as I slam into you. As you scream in ecstasy you hear my low moan of pleasure and feel a final thrust.

As I step back, you feel me slip out of you, and start to miss the sense of fullness inside of you. Turning around, you notice I'm still hard, you smile...