 I arrived at the club where we were meeting that night, dressed to impress in knee high black leather boots, a short black skirt, and a leopard print halter style tank top that was just low enough to make my push-up strapless bra a more than worthwhile investment. I was intentionally a little late; I figured making you wait would only add to your anticipation. And I could tell by your walk that I was correct in my assumption. You hurried over to me before anyone else, friends or otherwise, could get the chance to talk to me. We exchanged pleasantries as you led me to a more quiet booth in the back of the dance club. 

Sitting down very close beside me, you ran your fingers lightly over the tops of my bulging breasts and whispered how great I looked tonight, lingering for a second to lightly exhale your hot breath into my ear. I shivered and smiled at you, then turned my attention to the multitudes who were oblivious to us as they danced and laughed on the dance floor. I moved one hand to your knee and lightly traced random patterns on your upper thigh, asking you to go and grab a drink for us. You obliged, and as you were busy at the bar I slipped out of my barely existent thong and balled it up tightly in my fist. You returned, and we sipped on the beverages while chatting and flirting. 

After a while I nonchalantly slipped the thong into your pocket; a sign you knew by now meant I was ready for more than idle conversation and whispered desires. Catching my not-so-sly wink, you took my hand and led me to the dance floor. Though both of us knew we wouldn't be staying much longer, we wanted to socialize at least a little bit before, as always, heading off to be alone. You casually ran your hand up the back of my thigh, under my skirt. Grabbing onto my ass, your fingers searched with needful urgency towards my wet pussy. 

Trying not to be too obvious, you could barely reach and managed only to tease my quivering lips with the tips of your fingers. I hung on to you and we danced, close, you with your hand up my skirt and me rubbing up against your now hard cock. Face to face and beginning to breath harder, we agreed without speaking that it was time to go. We rushed out of the club and over to your car. You kissed me, and backed me up until I was leaning on the hood of your car, pressing yourself against me. I laughed and wriggled away, telling you to wait until we got back to the room. Reluctantly, you agreed and we sped back hastily.

In the elevator, you abruptly hit the stop button and then grabbed me tightly, pushing my back into the corner wall. Without meaning to, I giggled just a little. You smiled as you unzipped your pants and your hard cock came thrusting out into the air. Fortunately the elevator had small railings, a fact which you had apparently noted before as you guided one of my legs, then the other on to the rails. I was now spread wide open and my cunt dripped, just begging to have you inside of me. 

You didn't keep me waiting long before plunging deep inside of me, then in and out in shallow, rhythmic strokes. You leaned back a little so you could watch your stiff cock go in and out of my pussy. This turned you on even more and you began thrusting into me hard and deep. You knew I couldn't take much of this without cumming, but since you were already really hot, you came just as I began to hit the peak of my orgasm. I moaned softly, then begged for you to fuck me hard. 

You gasped as you began shooting your hot cum into me, and I groaned as I came, full force, all over your cock. You slammed into me a few more times, hard and fast and deep, and I knew you were finished as you slowed down and allowed my legs to fall heavily from the rails. I leaned back on the walls for support as you rested your head on my shoulder for a second and we both caught our breath. You laughed and hit the stop button again, and the elevator resumed its upward progress. Kissing and smiling, we made our way to our room. 

Once inside, you shut and locked the door. Grinning, you told me you had a surprise for me. I smiled and asked what it was. You took a bag from your suitcase and from it removed a strap-on dildo, the kind with a jelly-like cock. I asked sweetly what that was for, and you told me that I'd find out soon enough. You brought it with you as you joined me in the king sized bed, and we began kissing as we stripped down to nothing, fondling each others' bodies.

You told me to suck your cock and make it nice and hard for you, which I did. I wanted you to cum in my mouth, but you refused, telling me you had other plans for me tonight. You handed me the dildo and told me to masturbate with it. I put the head by my clit and rubbed it around for a minute...god I love that feeling. I sat up and got into a kneeling position on the bed, facing you, as you watched me, wide-eyed, from the easy chair. I looked up at you and grinned mischievously as I plunged the fake cock into my pussy one time. I took it out and licked my juices from it, running my tongue up and down it and circling the head as if it were yours. 

I reached down to put it in again, but apparently this was more than you could handle and you came over and took it out of my hands. You said now I had to put it on, which I did relatively easily despite it being my first time using one. You looked me up and down, and with a nod of approval you tuned around and positioned yourself on all fours near the end of the bed. You told me to come around and to stick it in your ass. Not wanting to hurt you, I edged the head up to your asshole while rubbing lubricant onto the dildo and your asshole. I gently eased the head into your ass, but this was obviously not painful to you. 

You leaned back into me, shoving the fake cock deep into your ass as you moaned in sheer pleasure. I quickly got used to my fake dick and began to slide it in and out of your ass, slowly at first, then speeding up more and more as your pleasure intensified. By now you could barely hold yourself up as I slammed into you over and over, my hips smacking against your ass. The slapping noises got me aroused and I pushed my 'cock' into you harder and deeper as I neared orgasm. You begged for more, and I delivered it. You told me you were going to cum and I spanked your ass, rather hard, and ordered you to wait for me. 

This was a new side of me, and I liked it. I was overtly pleased with myself and my aggressiveness, and after that I was ready to explode. I moaned for you to cum NOW as I grabbed on to your hips firmly and thrust into your ass over and over, deeper every time as I came. You pushed your ass against my pelvis hard as you moaned loudly and released. I felt my hot juices dripping down my leg as you shot cum all over the bed and your hands and arms. You collapsed on the bed, legs hanging off the end. I laid down next to you and kissed your cheek. With my help you moved up to the pillows and we fell blissfully asleep in each others arms.

But don't think that's where it ends. Oh no. We're KNOWN for waking up for more.

When I woke up, I lifted my face to kiss you. You met my lips with yours, and we quickly picked up where we left off. You informed me it was 'my turn'. You positioned me on my back, legs up, and inserted 2 fingers into my pussy. You intentionally let your hand brush over my asshole a few times, getting my really excited. You put the cool slimey gel on my ass, and I loved it. 

You slathered it all over your cock, focusing on the head. You teased the head in and out of my ass a few times, then came all the way inside. It felt sooooo good; filling me up and stimulating new areas. You pushed in and out slowly, allowing me to get used to it. My muscles relaxed and I was able to handle anything you could give me. You put your fingers back into my pussy and rubbed on my clit with your thumb. I arched my back and lifted my hips greedily to meet your fingers as your cock slid in deeper and deeper. I'll admit it; having you in my ass turned me on more than anything. I gasped as I sensed that I was reaching the edge. 

You took your fingers out of my pussy, not letting me cum quite yet. Not removing your cock, you moved one of my spread legs over and proceeded to turn me onto my stomach. The sheer pleasure I got from you rotating in my ass threatened to push me over the top. I moaned as you lifted me to a kneeling position in front of you. You began to move in and out, slowly, again, holding on to my hips lightly. You whispered for me to rub myself. I began by grabbing my breast, tugging on my nipple and circling it. I licked my fingers and then moistened my already hard nipples. I pinched one nipple, rolling it between my thumb and forefinger. 

Then I sucked on my fingers again, this time using them to massage my clit, which trembled deliciously on my finger tips. I couldn't wait any longer. I panted as I began moving with you. You tightened your grip on my hips and rammed your stiff cock deep into my ass, over and over. As I began to cum, I breathed heavily and moaned loudly. I growled for you to go deeper and faster. I rubbed my clit vigorously as you slammed into my ass. As I came I thrust my fingers into my pussy, drenching them in my own sweet juice. You came in my ass, which startled me at first, but then felt erotically thrilling as you filled me up with your hot, thick cum. Our orgasm seemed to last forever; you cumming in my ass and me all over my fingers. Finally I dropped on to the bed, exhausted. You dropped down, partially on top of me, and unable to move we seemed to mutually agree that we'd just sleep here, in the center of the huge bed. I curled up in your arms....

That's all I remember. You asked me later if it hurt. I smiled and said no, that I had been wanting to try that anyway and had managed to 'practice' a little beforehand. You laughed as I blushed and smiled shyly. You kissed me on the forehead and led me over to the bed...