 I walked around the back of my company SUV in the parking lot after the meeting then stopped in my tracks. Tammy's minivan was parked beside me, the sliding side door was open and she was leaning in, digging through her bag. She was wearing a red dress that hugged her ass and my eyes locked on it while multiple unsavory thoughts fought for my attention.

"Hey Tammy," I said to prevent myself from standing there, staring at her ass, until she caught me.

"Oh, hey," she replied, "am I in your way?"

"No worries," I told her, "I'm in no rush to get back to the office."

We were both working on a project that was a fair distance from our home offices and we had a meeting at the project office every week. Tammy and I had worked together at the same company previously, so we knew each other prior to working together on this project. In fact, we'd been working together when she'd gotten married, when she'd been pregnant with her first kid and when she'd been pregnant with her second. As far as I knew, there hadn't been a third kid.

"I hear you," she replied, "the drive up here might be the most peaceful part of my week."

"I can imagine that, between the kids and work," I said, "you don't get much in the way of peace."

"That's not all I don't get much of," she replied, almost under her breath.

"Anything I can do to help?" I asked, in a way that I could pass it off as a joke if it didn't go over well. It went over well.

"Don't ask me that just to be polite," she said, "Only ask me that if you're really willing to help me out."

"What can I do?" I asked, thinking that she really must need something, "And where can I do it, since it definitely can't be here?"

"Well," she started, turning toward her cavernous minivan, "there's plenty of space in here if we can figure out someplace inconspicuous to park it."

"What about the Park & Ride?" I asked, "It's a lot full of cars so it shouldn't stick out."

"Great idea," she replied, "Are you sure about this? I don't want to drive down there and have you change your mind."

"Absolutely positive," I confirmed, "and anxious to get started."

She smiled and I think would have kissed me had we been somewhere else. We each climbed into our vehicles and headed back toward the highway then turned into the lot for the Park & Ride. She found a couple of adjacent spots and pulled into one while I pulled into the other. Since it was late morning by that point, there was no one else around and no buses currently waiting. She hit the button on her key fob that opened the sliding side door then stepped up and inside as I gazed at her ass. I followed and she pressed the button again to close the door as we sat on the long back seat. We smiled at each other for a moment before leaning in and bringing our lips together. She was a cute brunette with a petite figure and, though I'd never really considered fooling around with her in all the time I'd known her, I was pleased to have an opportunity.

We progressed quickly from kissing to making out and one of my hands cupped one of her boobs through her dress then I started to unbutton the front of it. I reached in and fondled her tit through her bra, feeling her hard nipple pressing out, then was pleased to discover that her bra had a front clasp. I had that thing undone in a flash then my hand was on her bare tit, feeling her hard nipple against my palm. She moaned softly but I knew that this wasn't doing much to provide her with any relief, though I'm sure she appreciated the physical contact in general if she was lacking that at home. My cock was rigid but I wanted to make sure to take care of her since she had initiated this, apparently because she was a bit frustrated sexually.

I slipped my hand out of the top of her dress and moved it up under the hem, sliding it slowly along her soft, smooth inner thigh as she parted her legs. When it reached her panties, I caressed her pussy through them before slipping my hand inside. My fingers passed through a little bit of a bush then encountered her pussy, which was flooded with juices. She pulled her mouth away from mine and moaned as I lightly caressed her clit then slipped a finger inside her. Her pussy was so hot and wet that any thoughts of making her cum manually evaporated because I immediately wanted to eat her. I slipped my hand out of her panties and moved away from her, flipping the hem of her dress up around her waist. Her panties were pretty non-descript so I assumed that she had not expected anyone else to see them. I immediately started to slide them down while she raised her ass to help me do so. Her dark brown bush was narrowly groomed and neatly trimmed. Once her panties were completely off and set aside, she brought one foot up onto the seat and leaned back against the side while I lowered my face between her thighs.

I ran my tongue along her slit, tasting her abundant juices and causing her to moan, then continued to lap up her juices. She was rocking her hips as I licked her pussy before I slipped a finger into it and focused my tongue on her clit. She moaned even louder as I started licking and sucking her clit while sliding first one, then two fingers in and out of her hot, wet pussy. My cock was throbbing as I considered how amazing it was going to feel to slip into her once I'd made her cum this way. I wasn't expecting it to take very long since she appeared to be extremely pent up but I did everything I could to draw out the pleasure. While my goal was to provide maximum pleasure, I was definitely enjoying having my face between her thighs and tasting her pussy, as well.

As she was getting closer to cumming, she was tensing up and holding my head while forcing her pussy toward my face. I just continued to lick and suck her clit while sliding my fingers in and out of her now even hotter and wetter pussy. She went briefly still and silent then all the tension left her body as she cried out and started cumming. I continued to devour her pussy as her entire body was shaking while her orgasm overtook her. It was a long and obviously highly pleasurable orgasm so I was happy that I'd been able to provide her with some relief. I didn't stop eating her until she'd gone completely still and had let out a sigh. At that point, I raised my head and slipped my fingers out of her pussy and into my mouth, sucking her juices off of them.

I was gazing at her pussy as she was recovering but, once she was ready to continue, she sat up and the hem of her dress covered her pussy. As she brought her lips to mine again and we went back to passionately making out, her hand found the bulge in my jeans and briefly massaged it before focusing on getting my jeans open. She slipped her hand inside and massaged my rigid cock through my briefs then slipped her hand into my briefs and gripped my tool. She stroked it briefly as I pushed my jeans and underwear down far enough to completely free it. With my jeans and underwear down at my knees and my rigid cock standing straight up from my lap, she straddled me and reached under her dress to guide my cock into her hot, wet pussy. We both moaned as she lowered herself down, her pussy engulfing the full length of my cock.

As she began to ride me, I was running my hands over her bare ass up under her dress while she was holding onto the back of the seat. Her tits were right in front of me, though I could only really see her cleavage because the front of her dress wasn't staying open on its own. As she got a good rhythm going, I brought my hands up and opened the front of her dress to reveal her tits, unbuttoning even more of the buttons. Her tits were on the smaller side as were her areolas but her nipples were hard so I lightly brushed my palms over them as I fondled her tits. I doubt one had anything to do with the other but she abruptly stopped riding me then cried out as her entire body started shaking. I was pleasantly surprised by this quick orgasm but she went right back to riding me as soon as she'd finished cumming.

Her pussy unbelievably felt even hotter and wetter when she resumed moving up and down on my cock so I was really savoring the feeling. I could feel the stirrings of an orgasm but felt like I'd be good to get her to another one first if she kept riding me as hard and fast as she was. She was clearly building quickly toward another orgasm and, again, I was happy that I was able to help her get the relief she so obviously needed. I had still been fondling her tits but as they were bouncing with her riding me so hard, I ended up pulling the front of her dress open wide enough so that I could watch them then slipped my hands back up under her dress to caress her soft, smooth ass cheeks.

She dropped down onto my cock and remained there, momentarily quiet and still, then cried out and started shaking as she experienced another orgasm. This one also appeared to be both long and highly pleasurable but, when she'd gone still and quiet again, she did not resume riding me. Since they were no longer bouncing, I brought my hands back around to fondle her tits some more as she was recovering. My cock was still rigid, throbbing inside her hot, wet pussy but I didn't push her to continue because I was in no rush. Instead of starting to ride me again, though, she climbed off of my cock and knelt beside me, then lowered her head and engulfed it in her mouth. She gripped the base and began to gently pump it as she slid her lips up and down my shaft while I moaned and caressed her long, dark hair.

I was looking down, watching my cock disappear repeatedly into her mouth, which was incredibly hot since I never would have expected it to even be happening. She was also obviously quite skilled when it came to cocksucking because the pleasure I was feeling was incredible, even compared to her hot, wet pussy. I would have been happy to have her blow me all day long and, despite how incredible it felt, she was still able to draw out the pleasure so that I could enjoy it for longer than I would have expected to last. I got the impression, though, that she wasn't just drawing it out for my enjoyment; it seemed as though she was enjoying it nearly as much as I was. I had a strong feeling by this point that this wasn't going to be the only time we'd be pleasuring each other in her minivan so I was savoring the pleasure but not trying to hold back at all. As my orgasm was building in earnest, she refocused her efforts from drawing out the pleasure to making me cum.

I managed to refrain from pushing my cock deeper into her mouth or pushing her head down on my cock, leaving the pace completely to her and enjoying the slow, steady build-up. As my orgasm was imminent, my cock was becoming even thicker but she did not hesitate even slightly. She continued to inhale nearly the full length of my cock while still gently pumping the base. When I started spewing into her mouth, she easily swallowed down my load while continuing to blow me. Only once I was completely spent did she release my cock from her mouth and straighten up.

"That was awesome," I managed to say as I was recovering from her skillful blowjob.

"This has all been awesome," she replied, "and I really appreciate you helping me out. Obviously I was feeling desperate to resort to this."

"I'm happy to be able to help however I can," I assured her, "so you can count on me if you feel the need to do this again."

"I'm already thinking that we do this every week after the meeting," she stated, "unless you'd have a problem with that."

"Sex and blowjobs and orgasms?" I replied, "How could I have a problem with that?"

"Oh good," she said, sounding relieved, "because its going to be a while before I foresee things changing at home. You're really doing me a big favor here."

"Again, I'm more than happy to help," I replied, "in whatever what I can."

"I'll just make sure I wear a dress or skirt every time I'm coming up here," she said, "Should I wear panties or not?"

"Did you enjoy it when I slipped them off of you?" I asked.

"Oh my God, yes," she replied, enthusiastically, "If I hadn't already been completely wet and fired up, that would have got me there."

"Good, because I really enjoyed sliding them down," I said, "so I'll be looking forward to it every week."

So she wore skirts or dresses to our weekly meeting and, though we tried to maintain the same appearance to everyone else, after we left the meeting we'd rendezvous at the Park & Ride and I'd slip her panties off. We never did end up getting completely naked so, whenever she got an opportunity, she'd send me naked selfies or a series of selfies of her getting naked, taking off whatever she'd worn to that week's meeting. Of course, I'd reciprocate and send my own naked selfies or short videos of me stroking off to her photos. We also never did get caught, either by her husband, our coworkers or anyone in the Park & Ride.