 Jim and I had pitched our tent on the only piece of flat ground we could find after we left our van. We had parked in a remote parking area off an unused road just outside of the city. We were going to camp out for the night and perhaps do a little stargazing and go fishing in the morning. Jim is bisexual but leans more to gay. He loves to come on these trips with me for I will frequently let him give me a blowjob and he is in his glory with that.

That night we were taking a walk down an old trail when we heard some noises coming from the direction of the parking area where we had left our van. As we got closer we could begin to make out what was being said. It sounded as if it was a guy and girl and she was refusing to do something for him. When we were no more than twenty feet from the car we clearly heard,

"Damnit Ken. I am not going to do that. You have ripped almost all of my clothes and must think I am some kind of slut." 

"Well Sally, you did give my friend Tommy a good time and I was hoping you would do the same for me."

"That's bullshit Ken and a dirty story your friend Tommy has made up. I didn't do anything with him or anyone else now get off of me. I want to get dressed and you are hurting me and I'll scream rape if you don't."

"Shit, you little cockteaseing bitch. Scream rape as loud as you would like; no one will hear you. You are going to get laid and that's all there is to it."

Jim came over close to me and whispered, "Ed, we have to stop this." I just nodded and he took the drivers side door and I took the passengers side and we jerked the doors open at the same time. Jim is six foot three and weighs right at two twenty five so he made quite an impressive picture filling out the door Ken was faced with.

He reached in and grabbed Ken by the shoulder and jerked him out of the car without a single word. Sally was busy scrambling trying to find her clothes to cover herself from the way Ken had tore them off her.

"So Ken, you had raping Sally on your mind. Now that wasn't very nice now was it?" Jim snarled.

"Aw c'mon guys. She's fucked a dozen guys in town. It's not like she's a virgin."

I spoke up with, "Ken, your problem is that while she might have been close to some other guys she didn't want to get that way with you and we clearly heard her telling you that it wasn't going to happen but you wouldn't stop."

Jim had Ken by one arm and said, "Let's you and I go for a little walk over to that other car parked over there. It is ours and we can talk about this a little better while we decide whether or not we are going to turn you into the police Ken." Ken wasn't too anxious to go but Jim's grip was forceful and he took the walk with Jim.

I slipped into the drivers' seat and picked up all of Sally's clothes that were on the floor near me.

She was busy trying to cover herself with as many of her clothes as she could and I said, "Just hold it right there Sally. I have to make a decision as to whether or not we are going to call the police and report this attempted rape or not. If my decision is affirmative they are going to want to see you just the way we found you."

"Oh God, I'm so embarrassed. Do you have to report this? Can't you just forget it and act like it never happened?"

"Well, I could but what will keep old Ken from doing the same thing again with another girl? He needs to be taught a lesson and then what about me? Here I am sitting in a car with a lovely young gal naked as a jaybird and getting aroused just looking at her wonderful body."

"Could I do something for you that would make you lean in the direction I want you to take?"

"What did you have in mind honey?"

She knelt up on the seat and as she began to lean towards me her lovely young breasts were aimed right at my mouth. "Perhaps I can give the bulge in your pants some relief. What do you say?"

Fortunately it was a bench seat and I slid over a little to meet her halfway saying, "I'll just bet you could."

I unbuckled my jeans and slid them down over my thighs letting my now fully hard cock out for some air.

She looked down at me saying; "Holy shit. I have fucked two other guys and never knew that there was a cock that big in the whole world. I could never take that in me."

"Well honey, what you are going to do for me is to lift up and get your pussy over my cock and then slide down on as much of it as you can take."

"OK but I don't think it will be very much but I'll give it a try. Before I do that do you agree that if I do you aren't going to turn us in to the police?"

"Guaranteed Sally. That is if you really try to please me."

It didn't take her a minute or so to get her pussy poised right on top of the head of my cock and begin her downward slide.

She had her lovely young breasts right at the level of my mouth as she was doing that and I took a nipple between my lips and sucked on it softly as the head of my cock opened her up.

"Oh God, this is going to be a fuck I won't soon forget." She mumbled.

It didn't take her long to get five or six inches buried when she asked, "Is that most of it?"

" A little bit more honey." She still had another four inches of my nine incher to take before she could call it completely in.

"But it feels as if you are splitting me open now. That's as much as I can take. Can't we just fuck with that much in me?"

"Sure baby. Start going up and down on me now."

She lifted up a few inches and then let herself back down and repeated that for a while. I was bound and determined to get the whole thing buried in her sweet young pussy so every time she came down on me I gave a slight push upwards and another half inch or so slid into her.

I pulled her face to mine and gave her a huge kiss and that started a moaning coming from deep within her. 

"It sounds as if you are ready to come honey. See if you can hold back until I can join you OK?" 

"OK but I can't hold back for long."

I slid my hands down her body until I was holding her hips between them and on her next downward motion I pulled her down a little more. By now I had a solid eight inches pumping her pussy.

"Oh GOD, you just went in me a lot more. I know I am going to split wide open."

"No you won't honey. Here's the rest of it," as I threw my hips in the air ramming my cock al the way in.

"Oh Damn. Stop for a minute. You are so far inside of me I think I can feel the head of your cock coming out my mouth." She muttered. "Geez, I guess I am not going to split open and I can't remember ever feeling so great. Fuck me deep and long Ed."

She planted a huge kiss on me and then began to throw her ass high and then dropped it to the bottom doing all she could to get every inch of my cock buried in her pussy. I could feel her vaginal walls clamping on my shaft as she started her orgasm motion again.

"Ed, I am going to explode. I never felt anything like this before and will never be satisfied with any cock smaller than yours again."

Just then she was tossing her head from side to side and she began a screeching noise as her orgasm overcame her. Her breathing finally quieted down as she came down from her orgasmic high. I could feel her juices pouring out of her and all over my lap. 


"Sally, I'm not wearing a condom and don't want to fill your pussy with my love juices for fear you will have a visitor nine months from now. I am going to slip out of you and you are going to take me in your mouth."

"Oh no I'm not. I never did that before and just know I'll get sick if I ever did."

"Well, you are at least going to try. Remember, you have to please me in order for me to forget about turning you in"

I lifted her off of me and over to one side and then put my hand behind her head and pulled her down to me. She closed her lips tightly as the head of my cock touched them, "Sally, cut your shit and get your mouth open." 

"Damnit Sally, I'll be happy to put it back in your pussy and fill you with my juice if that's what you want instead."

"Oh shit, I don't want a baby and I know I'll get sick if I do that for you."

"Honey, millions of women felt the same way their first time and the found they handled it well. Let's try it."

I pulled her harder and could feel her lips open as she took the head of my cock in her mouth an inch or so. 

"Bob up and down on me Sally as if I was fucking your mouth or you were jerking me off with it."

She started that and I got it in her mouth another couple of inches before I stopped trying for any more penetration.

"Keep going just like that honey. I'll come fast."

Sure enough another minute or so later I was pulsing some long streams of juice down her throat. By the time I finished unloading she had removed her mouth from me and had opened the car door and was leaning out getting ready for throwing up. She was pleasantly surprised, and so was I, that she didn't get sick and she just closed the door and snuggled back across the seat to me. The overhead car light had come on when she opened the door and for the first time I got a real good look at her young nubile body. Damn, this gal was built.

"Well Ed, what do you think. Did I please you enough for you to forget you ever saw me out here?"

"Yeah, I think you just barely did." I said laughingly. "But I wonder how your friend Ken is doing?"

"The hell with him. He was going to rape me if you two guys hadn't come along."

"It's very quiet over where Jim's van is parked. Maybe the two of them went to sleep waiting for us to finish." She said.

"You can rest assured that Jim didn't let him get to sleep. Jim is gay and I can just imagine what he is doing with your boyfriend right about now."

"What do you think he is doing?"

"Well, he either has Ken's mouth wrapped around his cock or he has his cock up your boyfriends ass."

"Damn, I would love to see that. Ken could never talk about me again."

"Really. Get dressed and we'll go over and sneak up on them"

The parking area was gravel and our footsteps sounded like canon shots but we made it over to Jim's van without being heard. Sure enough the van was rocking back and forth big time when we got there. The rear seats had been folded down and there was some serious activity going on back there. 

Just about then Jim looked out the side window and saw us and nodded. He knew exactly what we were going to do. He had Ken up on his knees while he was pouring his cock into his ass. Without missing a beat Jim reached over and pulled the door lock button up unlocking it and I immediately pulled the sliding door open and there for all the world to see was Ken getting his ass reamed out by Jim.

Sally went into convulsions laughing and Ken could have died. Not to let the moment pass Jim said,

"If you had stopped by about twenty minutes ago you could have seen Kenny boy with my cock in his mouth. Damn, he took my whole load without losing a drop."

Sally was holding herself laughing and I simply said, "Well, enjoy yourselves fellows. Let's plan on leaving here in another hour or so. That will give you two more time for repeat performances." And I slid the door shut.

Sally was laughing so hard she said, "I'm going to pee myself. I have to go to the bathroom."

"Honey, drop your pants right here. No one is going to see you who hasn't already seen your pussy."

"Smart ass. You could have said that a little more tactfully." 

"Hurry up and piss. I want to fill your tight little pussy again with my big friend here," as I was stroking my cock.

On the way back to the car we noticed a picnic table off to the side of the parking area with a couple of bench seats on each side of it and I asked, "Sally, do you think there is a blanket in the car." 

She answered that she knew there was but why was I asking. "Get the blanket and I'll show you."

She got it and I took it from her leading her back to the picnic table. I spread the blanket out over one end of it and had her sit up on the end with her legs hanging over the edge. 

"Take your jeans and panties off. I'm going to fuck you while you are sitting there."

I was stroking myself hard and once again she said that she didn't think she could take my whole cock in her and I simply told her to hush up. She did it before and she was going to be able to do it again.

It took a minute or so to get her pussy over the edge of he table so my cock had a clear shot at entering her. I thought I would give her a little extra and dropped to my knees and lightly buried my face in her pussy. She went nuts. "Oh God, Oh God, what are you doing to me? Oh God. That feels awesome"

I stayed right on her clit and then got a finger wet with her pussy juices and had her lift one cheek up while I slipped my wet finger in and around the puckered lips of her asshole. That started a whole new round of her sounds. It was about time to go to the main event. I stood and put the head of my cock between her pussy lips and held her hips with my hands and both pulled and pushed at the same time and drove my cock in to the hilt.

"Oh my God. I am going to be split open like a melon." She squealed.

I leaned forward and put my arms around her pulling her face to me and planted a huge kiss on her. She was squirming her pussy around on my cock with all thoughts of my splitting her open gone. She was involved with some serious fucking right then. She couldn't move her ass back and forth very well on the table so that motion was up to me. She just sat there and contracted and loosened the pressure of her vagina on my cock and I swear she could have brought me to orgasm even if I hadn't moved at all with the feeling her vaginal canal was giving me with its motions.

"Ed, fuck me. Please fuck me hard."

When I heard that I pulled out of her and pushed her ass up on the blanket on the table further and then climbed up on top of her and buried my cock with her legs up in the air finally coming down to clasp my back. 

"Oh, that feels terrific." She cooed in my ear.

As she was saying that she started to throw her ass in the air and it was all I could do to hold on to her. She was in a different world with her passion and I was doing all I could to keep up with her. I finally reached under her hips to hold on and pull myself even deeper in her and that did it. They could have heard her shriek a mile away with the size of the orgasm she had. 

Her kiss locked on to me and didn't seem to want to let me go. She had her arms wrapped wound the back of my neck with her legs around my waist with her heels pushing against my back. She had me in a strong embrace and it felt terrific.

I kept pumping for another few minutes and when I felt the pressure build I pulled out and pointed my cock off to the side of the table and then stroked it until I was shooting my load on the ground alongside.

When we got back to the car Sally was making signs that she wanted to get ready to leave. I told her that we had promised the other two they had an hour and they still had most of that left.

"Sally, we can just sit her and chat if you would like while we wait. If Jim fucked Ken's ass without any lubrication Kenny boy is going to be sore as hell for a few days. I am assuming it would have been Ken's first time getting a cock up his ass so it was virgin and Jim's cock isn't small. Your friend will be one hurting fella."

"Good, the son of a bitch deserves it. He goes around thinking he is God's gift to women and I'll bet some others have given in to his pressure and let him have his way with them. I'll bet he will be a lot more careful with his actions from here on out". 

"I think you're right. At least I hope you are."

"Say, how about telling me more about yourself. All I know is that you are a girl with a great body, a pretty face and a tight pussy. What else is there to know?" I joked.

"Hell Ed, any girl would have a tight pussy for that thing of yours."

"Well, either way. I didn't hear any complaints from you once it was buried."

"No C'mon, tell me about yourself." I asked.

"Well, I'm nineteen, my folks were killed in an automobile accident, I don't have any brothers or sisters, I graduated from high school last year with super grades, have my own apartment and will be going to University of Pennsylvania in the fall to hopefully major in business. Before you ask, the insurance settlement from my parent's accident along with what they left me in their wills has left me pretty well off. Invested even halfway intelligently, I wouldn't ever have to work if I chose that route."

"Wow, you can sure give a lot of information about yourself in one long breath can't you? I guess it's my turn."

"I'm twenty three, graduated from Drexel last June with a degree in Engineering, am an only child with my folks living in California, I live in my own apartment that is pretty ratty but. I was offered a few nice jobs upon graduating and have decided to accept one just outside of Philadelphia so I won't move from my apartment until I move to the Philadelphia area. Looks as if we will be living close for the foreseeable future." 

"Mmmmm, you mean I'll be close to this." As she slid her hand over the shaft of my cock.

"Yep, so you will."

As I was talking she had rested her head on my right thigh and was softly stroking my cock. It was starting to react and I got to thinking as to what she was going to do for it this time. 

"Are you going to suck me off all the way this time?" I asked.

She answered, "Don't be so crude. I am just going to touch you for right now."

"Hey honey, how about we get out of this place right now. I'll tell Jim we are leaving and will leave Ken's car at the high school parking lot. Jim can drop him off there when they are through with their fun and games. Before we leave Ken's car there you can drop me off at my place to get my car and I'll follow you to the parking area at the school. I'll then take you to your place and if your are lucky I might, just might, come in to see you." I said with a big grin plastered all over my face.

She punched my arm and said that that sounded good with the exception of having to put up with me at her place. I roared and she had a huge smile.

We walked back to the van and this time saw Ken giving Jim a blowjob. He had Jim's cock buried almost all the way and was jerking his own cock as he was sucking on Jim. Sally almost shit herself laughing after I told Jim our plans and I had shut the van side door. 

When we entered Sally's apartment she turned and wrapped her arms around me. 

"Damn Ed, I have never been so turned on by anyone or anything. I have read a lot of porn books and none of them have cocks like yours nor are as good looking as you are. Shit, you are ready for the movies."

"Whew, you really know how to make a guy feel special. Sit down, I want to talk to you. " I responded.

"Sally, you are a nice looking gal with a great body and from what you are telling me about your future in education are pretty bright. I have to ask, why the hell did you get so involved with so many guys?"

"Damnit Ed, that is just so much of Ken's bullshit that he now has you believing it. If you must know, I have had sex with two guys. The first one was with a boyfriend I had been going with from the time I was nine. I was fifteen and we did it one time and it was a disaster. The second one was with a boy two years older than I was and we did it three times. It was stupid of me but I don't think that my background is anywhere nears as dark and gloomy as Ken made it out to be. If you want to believe him rather than me ... be my guest.

"Aw shit. I'm sorry. I guess I believed him more than you and for that I apologize. Speaking of Ken, what do you think he is going to say the next time you see him?"

"Hell, I'll bet he crosses the street when he sees me coming. He will not want me teasing him about being a guys pussy when he has been going around like the biggest macho man in town." 
