 I got a big surprise on the street in the city one day. I had just completed a job interview and was heading back to the garage where my truck was parked; and who should I see emerging from the same garage I was entering? You, Thrill. There you were, in your business attire: Tall, lean, distinguished, sexy...emmm...edible. I was dressed, differently than you were used to, in a red business suit - tight skirt hitting just above my knees; fitted jacket with a hem line just below my hips; a red push up bra (subtle but observable) under a white blouse with only enough buttons to barely keep my breasts contained, yet, few enough to show ample and enticing cleavage; white nylons; and a pair of red pumps that draw the eye down my body and legs to them – with heels high enough not disappoint the viewer when finally reached – but, low enough that I did not risk a limb walking in them. 

We exchanged surprised greetings of "Hey"...yours bearing the usual two syllables that that Southern drawl you will never shake yields (I love a man with an accent...and, God I love to hear you say "Hey".) You asked what I was doing in town. I told you about my interview. 

"Interesting interview attire," you said.

"Well," I said, "I figure if I don't get the job, I will at least be sure he doesn't forget the applicant." 

We laughed. You asked where I was headed next. I said I had another interview after lunch and would be heading across the bridge to kill time until then.

You looked at me and said, "You look a little tense."

I did feel a bit wound up. I do enjoy interviewing. Ordinarily, I like any opportunity to shine and I do love to dazzle a stranger, but not when that stranger has something I need. This is the first time in my life I felt I needed a job. I admitted being a little stressed.

"Well, maybe we can relieve some of that tension," you said. I knew what would do it, I just didn't know where. But I was glad I ran into you. If anyone could relieve some tension, it is you...not to mention create some!

I looked at you. You had that "anything is possible" look on your face. 

"Where is your truck?" you asked. 

“It is on the third level”, I said. 

You responded by saying, "Let's go." 

I lead the way as we walked to the stairwell that leads to the different levels in the parking garage. Foot traffic was slow considering the time of day. Just about anyone who was going to work was already there by then. We arrived at the third of four levels of the garage. My truck was parked at the far end of the garage, backed towards the wall. As we approached, I pushed the button to unlock the doors. You were still behind me as we came up to the truck. Just as we reached it and I was about to stop at the back driver's side door, you put your hand on the small of my back and ushered me past the door and to the back of the truck.

"We aren't getting in this time," you said. 

We continued walking to the rear of the truck. I turned to you and you pressed me against the wall. I was surprised that you would consider doing this in the open...but the truck was high enough to obscure us from view, and far enough into the garage that no one would likely travel there. 

What concern I had for the brazenness of your actions quickly left me when I felt you put your hand under my skirt and find the long slit between my legs that houses my moist, sweet secrets. My skirt rose over your hand to accommodate you. I automatically parted my legs, which sent my tight skirt higher on my thighs. You quickly discovered that I was wearing stockings and no panties. My pussy was fully at your disposal. You moved up to me, slowly began to kiss me, sending my body into light tremors. You leaned your body against mine as you rubbed from my clit to my hole, dipping your finger in just slightly, and removing it and dragging it, and a bit of sticky pre-cum, back to my clit. So adept at lovemaking, you operated on both levels simultaneously, making me melt into your hands – Chocolate Bunny that I am. You moved your mouth to the side of my face and breathed in my ear. Your breath was soft and quick. I felt you hard cock against my pelvis. I loved how tall you were and where your cock touched me when you stood against me.

You stepped back from me, and with a devilish smirk on your face looked me in the eyes as you opened your pants. We switched places, moving as if executing the steps of a slow sensuous dance, not breaking eye contact as we moved. With no further prompting needed, I leaned my back against the rear of my large, tall, red truck, and squatted in front of you, my legs widely spread, shaved pussy completely exposed, my thighs covered just short of the top with white silk and lace stockings, and took the tip of your cock into my mouth. I felt cum leak into my pussy as if some reservoir inside me was slowly giving way. I took a deep breath in, and with it, the smell of you...your cock...your masculinity. Slowly, I moved my mouth along the length of your dick, until the head touched the back of my throat...and then, with deliberation and determination, I pushed further forward until the head found the opening of my throat, plugged it and then entered it. Still pushing further, unable to breath, I advanced until my lips met the very bottom of your gorgeous tool...my forward advance halted by your pubis...no farther to go... no more of you to take...and that was good, as I could take no more. 

My mouth was stretched to the hilt. My eyes watered. I held my breath, as there was no room to take in air. I felt your hands at the back of my head, aiding me, holding me, keeping me there while you felt all of the inside of my mouth and throat; the warmth and wetness of it; the tightness, depth, and control offered only by a mouth; the solitarian experience...nothing else of you being touched or feeling...just your erect, hard, sensuous cock. This was all about you. Just your cock and my making it, and you, feel good. Here in a parking lot. In the middle of the morning, dressed in business suits. Relieving tension before heading back out into the workaday world to face, as you say, "same shit...different day." 

But this was not the same shit. This shit was good, spontaneous, needed. Finally, you released your hold on the back of my head, and as slowly as I took it in, I pulled my head back from your cock, allowing it to return to the world outside of me...momentarily. Again, only the head of your cock was in my mouth...my favorite part. My tongue played over it...feeling the circumference of it. Licking the V formation on the underside. Dancing over the slit in the top of it. And then, with saliva dripping down my chin, tears streaming down my face, and dogged resolve, I again moved forward, taking TheEnterprise back where it had just been...to the back of my throat to rest a moment there, in my throat, against my tongue, the roof of my mouth, and my concaved cheeks. Completely engulfed. While there, I let my tongue flicker against the base of your cock and the tip of your balls. Stroking against the bulge on the underside of your cock just above your balls. My tongue strained to work against any part of you it could reach or had enough room to move against. Then, only because I had to breathe, I again retreated from your cock and took in air and the sight of it simultaneously...and, at the sight of it, there suddenly was not enough air. And there was not enough time to fully appreciate it. There is not enough time in a day. But I would do what I could there in the moment.

I took your cock into my left hand and made good use of the slickness left there by the sticky spit that was drawn from the back of my mouth. I pumped slowly along the length of it. Your pants dropped below your knees, leaving all of your genitalia exposed and available to me. I lifted your cock towards your stomach, tilted my head to the right, and attacked your balls with tongue and lips. Licking them, squeezing them between my lips, sucking them as if they were cocks. I cupped them with my right hand while still stroking your cock with my left hand. I wanted to work every part of you with all of me I had available: hands, mouth, tongue, lips, spit...moans that vibrated against and into your balls and TheEnterprise. 

When I had to taste you again, I dragged my tongue up the length of your cock as if licking an ice cream cone. I did it again, teasing myself...prolonging taking your cock back into my mouth. On the third trip up, I suddenly and in one uninterrupted motion slid my mouth over the top of your cock, took you down my throat again, held you there...frenetically, I twisted my head left to right several times while tightening my mouth around you. Then, as suddenly as I went down, I pulled away, your cock completely removed from my mouth now. I grasped it with my left hand again, pumped it and looked up at you. You were looking down at me...with a look of surprise. Perhaps you wanted to enter my throat again. 

Not to disappoint, I swiftly took you into my throat, tightly grasping you with my all of my mouth, twisting my head, and this time, simultaneously pumping my head up and down the shaft. More spit seeped from the corners of my mouth, down your cock. I was pumping with my hand now, and with my mouth. Squeezing your balls with my other hand. I felt them tightening. My mouth began to strain and ache. My lips were numbing. My pussy was dripping with cum. I felt a familiar swell churning deep inside me. My clit started to throb. I felt myself building to climax. Working your cock, feeling it respond...hard, long, thick...your balls tightening and hardening, your breathing increasing...you slightly bending your knees, bringing your cock even closer to my face. The sound of traffic outside the garage, my back against the rear bumper of the truck, the rhythm and synchronization of the movements of my hand, tongue, and head...somehow in sync with the throbbing of my pussy. All building, increasing, intensifying, until your hands clasped the back of my head and from your throat came a low, long, grunt, forewarning the pulsating, sharp, relentless spray of your cum that immediately shot past my tongue and down my throat. It was all that was needed to send me into a frozen state of climax...there squatting at your feet, my face pressed against your pubis, your hands on the back of my head, your cum threatening to escape through my nose, we both exposed and cumming...frozen in time, someplace else for a moment...inside our heads, and bodies...feeling this for as long as we could, or dared. 

In too short a time, the intensity of the moment began to dissipate. The reality of where we were returned. We were again able to move. We got into the truck, cleaned ourselves up, adjusted our clothes, and prepared to return to the world...more relaxed, less tense, and high on adrenaline, endorphins, and in my case, some serious protein. 

I drove you the entrance of the garage, we said our farewells, and set about the resumption of our day. It was just what I needed and love: A spontaneous sexual encounter...out of the blue, with a good fucking friend. 

I have no idea how my second interview went - and I'll be damned if I cared.