 He was waiting for me near the edge of the mall parking lot when I drove up. 

I stepped out of my car, and couldn't help but smile as I stood less than a foot from him, sitting in his SUV, and looking fantastic.

The window was down and his arm was resting on the sill. I stroked his arm, admiring the dark blue sweater and whispering "Hi there", feeling shy and excited all at once. I love the butterflies. It never ceases to amaze me.

*************** 

I've been secretly seeing this man all summer long. We've met at least once a week at the park, taking advantage of the solitude to kiss, caress, and tease one another, step by step, inching closer to becoming lovers. Every visit, my stomach would be full of butterflies as I was driving to meet him, and I would leave feeling warm all over from our "park" time together. He was very patient with me, given that I was anxious about not letting our spouses find out, and that I just wasn't confident in my own sex appeal. A long and boring marriage rut will do that to you. Bit by bit, he let me know how much he wanted to be my lover. One day, he said to me "I can't think of anything better than to spend an afternoon in a hotel room being very intimate with you." I felt like a supermodel, a celebrity, a sex symbol,... I can't put into words how sexy I felt knowing that he wanted me. 

We grew bolder, even sneaking off twice to a different park where we spent glorious hours on a blanket in the sun, making out like teenagers. The second time, we snuck into the woods and had a quickie, but again I was so damn nervous about a couple of things, that it was rushed and I pulled back from him a little bit for a while afterward, telling him I didn't really know when we could be together again. 

I made some peace with that over the next few months, and we started to get more intense again, writing dirty little stories and emailing them between our private accounts, fantasies about having sex together.

I started to REALLY want to have sex with him again. There were things we hadn't done the first time, that I really wanted to do THIS time. 

One day in the park I told him that I would be able to slip away the following Tuesday, and easily cover my tracks so that we could take a long lunch. I didn't come out and say "I want to have sex with you again" but he offered me a suggestion as to a place that we could go. 

I mulled it over all weekend. For the next two days I stroked myself while I was getting dressed, while I was lying in bed, and several other times, just wanting to feel his mouth moving over me. I thought over and over about going down on him in return, feeling his cock in my mouth, and driving him crazy with my lips, tongue and hands. 

That Monday he sent me a note about where we'd meet, and mentioned that he'd have blankets and pillows in the back of his SUV. I knew he'd have the back seats down, leaving a big flat area where we could play. I was excited. I thought for sure we'd go back to the other park, and have sex there.

**********

So there I was, standing next to his SUV. Sheepishly, I grinned. "I'm hungry. Can we just run into the cafe and get something to go? I don't want to stay in there."

He smiled at me, patient as usual, and got out of the car. Once we had purchased a light lunch, we walked back to his car. He looked so good in his jeans and sweater. I wanted him IMMEDIATELY, but the park was a half hour drive away. 

He surprised me by driving around to the other side of the mall, and backing into a sort of corner space, between a hill and a dumpster full of cardboard boxes. I was so confused. Were we eating here? He didn't really expect me to have SEX with him here, did he? In the parking lot of a MALL?? Is he damn crazy? I didn't know what to say. 

He started eating his sandwich and I nibbled at my bagel, while we chatted and flirted. Then to my surprise, he took of his shoes and jumped into the back. Holy shit. He really did want to do it right there. I almost died. 

I wanted to at least kiss him a little bit before making him drive me to a more secluded spot, so I climbed in the back. I asked him about other people seeing us, and he pointed out that the back windows of his SUV were all tinted, so that no one could see in.

He had a beach towel which he spread over the backs of the two front seats, whispered to me "now we have privacy... no one can see us..." and started kissing me. 

He was on my right, reclining on his side and leaning over to kiss me. With his right hand he started stroking my face and my hair, and then caressing my breasts. 

Already my breathing was heavy. I love the way he kisses me, teasing me with his tongue, moving across my lips, kissing my jaw and my neck. I love to touch his face, to stroke the contours of his face and trace his beard and the tiny spots just below the curves of his lower lip that don't have as much hair. 

His hands explored me, and when I couldn't wait anymore I pulled up my shirt and gave him a look at what I was wearing. It was a charcoal grey bra with black pinstripes. The material was very thin and as he sucked on my nipples through the fabric I could feel them stiffen. 

I was no longer thinking about where we were, or who might see. My pulse was racing and I needed to feel his mouth directly on my skin - I pulled one part of my bra to the side, and he eagerly moved his lips over to the newly exposed flesh. 

He reached under my back to unhook the bra, so that it could be moved up and out of his way. The skin on my chest is extremely sensitive to touch -- to HIS touch -- and I was already feeling warm tingles everywhere that his mouth landed. 

I was stroking his hair and watching his face as he blanketed me with kisses, and he told me in a low voice "I love the way you taste, I've missed your taste..." which made me feel SO hot, that I stopped him to take the sweater completely off. 

He took his shirt off, taking my breath away even more. I ran my fingers through the dark hair on his chest and pulled him on top of me, wanting to feel his warm skin against mine. He was kissing me, moving around my face and throat, and I was enjoying the sculpture of his body, the shape of his chest and particularly his shoulder, so tantalizingly close to my face. I was kissing his collarbone and moving along to his shoulder, unable to resist a few small bites, but being careful not to leave an obvious mark on him. The pleasure of the weight and warmth of his body on top of mine had wrapped around me, and all I could think about was to have him keep going. 

********** I can't, worry my heart with what if Oh maybe I should just give in And wrap myself around you and Let you take me down Take me down **********

He began his way downward, moving through the valley between my full breasts, leaving a warm trail of kisses down my rib cage and my stomach. I didn't even have to tell him "Don't stop" ... it was very clear from my sighs of pleasure that I was enjoying every touch. 

I unbuttoned my jeans and raised my hips so that he could pull them down and move them out of the way. Only my black silky bikini bottoms were between us. 

He admired them out loud, and began stroking me through the fabric, his hands moving gently, teasing, stroking my legs and then back to the fabric, moving all over the surface as I gasped and squirmed underneath him. This was driving me ABSOLUTELY wild. 

When he couldn't resist any longer he pushed them to the side, and tried to kiss me that way, but I wanted NOTHING between us at that point, so I quickly slipped out of the panties.

And then, sweet madness, as he eagerly licked me, finally burying his face between my thighs, gently kissing me, probing with his tongue. It was everything I'd fantasized about and more.

I was moaning over and over, whispering hoarsely "oh that feels SO good, oh, so good..." as the pleasure washed over me steadily. 

I begged him, "put your fingers in me, I need them in me, and keep your mouth on my clit, it feels so good" and I was stroking my own breasts and twisting the nipples gently, totally caught up in lust.

If one orgasm could be compared to a wave hitting the shore, what I was feeling would be an intense storm, one wave after another all crashing into me and washing over me. 

I was bucking against his fingers and moaning loudly, feeling his fingertips brush against my g-spot again and again, until finally my orgasms eased and I started to come down, still shuddering hard. "Hug me" I gasped. 

As he moved up to wrap himself around me he said in a low voice "wow, you really DO come hard... are you okay, baby?" I was trembling from head to toe and trying to form words to tell him how much pleasure he had given me, as he held me close and kissed me. 

When I had recovered somewhat, I pulled up my pants for some crazy reason, (they were on one leg, and in that moment I just couldn't handle being completely naked IN A PARKING LOT somehow) 

Then I pushed him over onto his back, and put my face on his chest, resting there as I'd fantasized about so many times, catching my breath. 

"It's your turn now" I growled softly, a wicked smile dancing across my face. I began kissing his neck and his chest, flicking my fingertips against his nipples and following that with flicks of my tongue.

We got his jeans off next, and I could see his erection through his black briefs. (black - we are on the same wavelength almost all of the time.)

I wanted to tease him through the fabric, tracing the contours of his body as he had done to me, but I couldn't wait, and asked him to remove the remainder of his clothing.

I love to go down on a man, but only if I'm very comfortable with him and trust him completely... and so I was ecstatic to have the chance to do this for HIM. I moved my fingertips over his balls, circled my hand around the base of his shaft, and worked up and down with my fingers while I explored the entire head with my tongue. I was taking as much of him as I could into my mouth and experimenting with different ways of kissing and moving my tongue around and up and down his shaft. I could hear him enjoying it - at one point I think he said "fuck, you ARE good at this..." 

My breast was near his hip and as I moved around while I sucked him, the nipple brushed against his skin, stiffening and only adding to my enjoyment.

I thought that he was getting close, and then he grabbed a fistful of my hair and took a sharp breath. He seemed to hesitate then, and I grabbed his fingers and tried to show him that he could feel free to grab my hair, and even thrust into me if he wanted to...

His movements slowed, and I wasn't sure whether he had come when he grabbed my hair - I had covered him in so much saliva, and he was so far back in my mouth that I didn't think so, but I just wasn't sure - I moved up to kiss him to try to understand where we were. 

"You're shaking again... are you ok?" he asked. I told him that it was from the pleasure, I was enjoying myself so much.

"I was right on the edge, I've never got off like that" he said. Now I was confused... why did he stop? Did he think I wouldn't want him to come in my mouth? I had told him previously that I wouldn't mind that, but maybe he thought I was just saying that, because I felt like I had to? I was kissing him and feeling a little bit worried for a second that maybe I had done something wrong somehow. 

He must have seen that I was confused and he laughed with me a little bit because I wasn't sure whether he had come...reassuring me in between kisses, with what he said about holding off so that we could have even more fun together.

He spoke very quietly but decisively in my ear. "I want to put my tongue inside of your pussy again, and then I want to put a condom on and put my cock inside of you, and feel you around me- would you like that?"

The impact of his words took me right back to the heights of arousal I had been at earlier and I let him know that I ABSOLUTELY would like that.

He got a condom out while I slipped off my jeans and lay on my back again. He was leaning over me and he licked his fingers, and reached to put his hand between my legs. It took my breath away, to see him do that and know that he was going to touch me again. My heart skipped a beat and started pounding furiously. 

(He told me later in a phone conversation that he'd licked his fingers AFTER they were inside of me too, and just hearing THAT, I had to go of to a private place and get off before I could concentrate on ANYTHING else....)

He had his hands under me, lifting me to his mouth and it wasn't long before he rose to his knees, to put the condom on. I watched his face, his head tipped back, and his eyes closed, no doubt thinking about how good it was going to feel in a moment to plunge into me.

When he entered me I was already moaning - fuck, he is such a good lover. It was "just" a version of missionary position, but his cockhead was grazing against my g-spot with every thrust and I was delirious with the feeling of it. 

He enjoyed me for a while in this position, and then I heard him say "ride me" as he rolled over onto his back. I followed quickly, climbing up onto him "cowgirl" style. 

(More than once I have teased him by straddling him in this way, albeit fully clothed, and grinding my pussy against his crotch while whispering in his ear what I'd like to be doing to him if only we had no clothes on.)

But this time, we were both entirely nude, and now I took control, leaning slightly forward, bracing myself by grasping those wonderful shoulders again. I rode him hard, grinding my clit against him on every stroke, relishing in the ability to control the pace, the angle, everything. My eyes were closed, and my head was back as much as the confines of the SUV would allow. I'm sure he had a full view of my curvy breasts, bobbing and bouncing as I moved up and down on his cock. His hands caressed my ass, my torso, my breasts. He felt so good inside of me, and I was moaning as the heat within my pussy grew in intensity.

We changed positions again, because I was out of breath from my efforts, but eager to be fucked more. Again I reclined on my back, and wrapped my legs partially around him after he entered me. By this point we had been going at it a while - his self control was amazing. 

I had my right arm up over my head, and then his hand closed around my wrist. Instantly I put my other hand up, hoping that he would remember that I'm turned on by the idea of having my hands restrained. He did - his other hand closed around my left wrist and I was even more turned on, moving my wrists just slightly against the "restraints" he provided, and moaning more and more.

After a while I could hear him telling me that he wanted to come with me and I was thrusting back against him as hard as I could, trying to say "Now, yes, now, baby..." He exhaled hard, and then buried his face in my neck and groaned as he came. 

When he rolled off of me, were both sweating, and the car was fogged slightly even though he'd opened the windows a bit. We were kissing, caressing, laughing together quietly, both still euphoric. After a few minutes, I reached for his watch, and said to him "We still have another hour". 

He grabbed my ass, and told me that he was getting hard again...