 His finger gently caressing her cheek set every one of her nerve endings on fire. It was as if he had already become a part of her it was so intimate. The rest of his hand followed as it reached her jaw and continued until it cupped the back of her neck. He pulled her closer, his own head tilted down until their lips met. He kissed her gently at first, then with a rise in passion that mirrored her own. She felt her arms lock behind his head to keep him there as his other hand travelled down her back and came to rest on her ass. God! This was making her wet already! She probed his mouth and savored the taste of him. After several minutes, he broke free of her urgent kiss and moved his oral ministrations to her ear lobe and his gentle panting blocked out all other sounds.

His mouth moved slowly down her neck while his hands began to unbutton her blouse in what she hoped was clearing the path for his lips to reach her breasts and erect nipples. She tangled her fingers in his hair and pushed downward to guide him to what she wanted so badly. He had her shirt open now and her breasts were exposed to his eyes as he seemed to be drinking them in. She could see his pants bulging with an erection and knowing that he was turned on by the sight of her body made her even wetter and she wanted to feel that stiffness slide inside her soon. He cupped one breast with his calloused hand while alternately sucking the nipple of her other breast and flicking it with his tongue. She arched her back to give him full access which also pushed her pelvis into the hardness of his crotch. Her breathing accelerated and her nerves were in overdrive trying to process all this pleasurable sensation at once. "I want to taste more of you," he said almost reverently as he knelt down in front of her, unzipped her skirt, and let it fall to the floor at her feet.

His hands cupped her ass and his warm lips kissed down her belly. His tongue made a slow trail to the crease of her thigh and she quivered. The heady smell of her sex filled the space around them and he seemed intoxicated by it. She wanted to turn her hips and bring her pussy to his lips right now, but before she could, he began to move down her inner thigh, alternately kissing and licking until he reached the inside of her knee. His hands moved up to her breasts as he looked up into her eyes and began a slow ascent with his lips up the other thigh. She parted her legs in anticipation and ran her fingers through his hair as his breath and tongue reached her cunt, causing her to gasp with pleasure.

He parted her nether lips with his tongue and moved it slowly up and down her slit several times, pausing each time as he reached her clit to suck it gently. The feeling was intense, made more so by the anticipation of the orgasm that was building. She could tell this was going to be a big one! He then placed his whole mouth on her pussy and flicked her clit while humming. His lips were warm and urgent, sending her to even greater heights of pleasure and she moaned. While ordinarily she would be happy to have him do this all night long, her need was too great—she needed to cum and she needed to be in control!

She put her hands on his shoulders and reluctantly pushed him away from her center and said, "Lay down on your back." While he watched from below, she reached up to take off her blouse and stepped out of the skirt piled at her feet. Wearing nothing but her high heels, she stepped forward until she was standing directly over his face on the floor. She felt wanton by exposing herself this way and excited by the dominance she was displaying. Giving him only a few seconds to admire the view of her nakedness, she squatted down on her heels until her pussy was directly over his mouth. He stroked her lips open with his tongue, but after a few teasing licks, she pushed down until her entire cunt was pressed firmly down and began to ride his mouth with his nose rubbing her clit. THIS was what she needed! Now that she was setting the pressure and the pace, she didn't want to wait any longer and moved faster to the point of no return and came all over his face while the orgasm shook her entire body and she screamed. She finally stopped thrusting, but kept her pussy there until the spasms ebbed while he drank her still flowing juices.

She was not finished with him though. She moved backward down his body until she was straddling his hips. His cock felt hard beneath her and her excitement built again as she thought about the thin piece of fabric that remained between them. She couldn't help but move her hips back and forth as she shakily unbuttoned his shirt and ran her hands over his chest, alternately pinching his nipples as he groaned. Then she moved further down and started unbuckling his pants, now soaked from her juices, and slid them off. As she released his cock from its confinement, it stood rigid and she wanted—no, needed it—inside her. She leaned forward to take it in her hand and lowered her mouth to kiss the tip. She could taste a dribble of pre-cum. Then she open her lips wider and took the entire head into her mouth and used her tongue to flick the small hole while stroking its length in her hand, drawing out another dribble to taste. He groaned louder and started to move his hips. She removed her lips and used her tongue to lick up and down the sides as well as his balls to keep him from going over the edge.

Her still quivering pussy ached to be filled with his firm, warm member and she couldn't wait any longer, She stood up and, balancing only on her high heels, grasped his cock and lowered herself until the tip of him wet with her saliva was just brushing her spread lips, although it took all the control she had not to just spear herself immediately. She moved him back and forth until her juices made it slippery and guided his cock to her entrance. She lowered herself until his manhood was buried deep inside her. Its heat and thickness filled her completely and she sighed and closed her eyes to savor the feeling for a moment. Then she began to raise and lower her body, impaling herself over and over while he watched her breasts bounce and his penis reappear and then disappear again into her cunt. She felt another orgasm approaching so she fell forward onto her knees until her breasts brushed his chest and her clit was mashed onto the base of his cock. She grabbed his wrists and held them to the floor above his head, trapping him and giving herself more leverage to move her hips. As she rocked back and forth, she kissed him hard and could taste her cum on his lips. The orgasm that followed was so intense she wasn't sure she was still in her body anymore and her second scream that escaped her throat sounded far away.

While she was still recovering her senses, he rolled her to the side and said, "Get on your hands and knees." As she followed his command, he knelt behind her. Another thrill went through her as she thought about what he was going to do and wanted him have his way with her. She enjoyed being fucked from behind and to be at his mercy.

He wasted no time. He grabbed her hips and his hard cock found her pussy easily. He pushed forward and buried himself deep inside her until she felt no more of him could fit. She felt him slide back and forth and relished the sensation. From his panting and fervor, she knew he needed release and let him use her body to find it just as she had used his minutes before.

He changed from thrusting into her to forcing her hips back and forth to fuck his cock. She decided to add to his pleasure by using her cunt muscles to squeeze his cock and this seemed to have the desired effect because he moved her hips faster. He then returned to holding her still while he pounded her pussy harder and faster. She could feel his balls slapping her pussy and the noise of their fucking increased her excitement even more.

She knew he was getting very close to cumming and felt another orgasm nearing for her as well. He moved his hand from her hip and she suddenly felt his thumb pressing against her anus. She had never experienced that sensation before—My God, it felt incredible!—and it sent her over the edge screaming for the third time that night. It must've been all he needed as well because he buried his cock deep inside her and she felt his hot cum erupt into her pussy as he groaned loudly.

Cumming Soon - Part 2: Him