 Working the late shift is never fun, particularly in a small town. I work the dispatch graveyard shift at the local sheriff’s department. It usually doesn’t bother me but tonight had been an especially slow night. As I left the department, I stretched, raising my arms up above my head. It was around 4:00 in the morning, no one in sight. As I walked to my car, I noticed Billy, one of the sheriff officers sitting in his patrol car off to the side of the lot. He had his head back and his eyes closed. I thought maybe he was taking a nap. He’d worked a long shift and I knew he wasn’t getting a lot of sleep at home. Him and his wife had just had a new baby. I started for my car but decided I should probably be the nice person and go wake him up.

Swinging my purse up over my shoulder, I wandered over to his car. As I got closer, I noticed the car shaking a little, not too much since I hadn’t noticed it from far away. Just as I got close enough to yell out to him to wake up, I looked into the car. Billy wasn’t sleeping. He was jacking off. 

I stood there, looking into the window of the patrol car. Billy’s fly was open, his cock out and rigid in his hand. I watched as his hand moved up, his fingers moving over the head of his cock, and then back down again. I’ve always thought Billy filled out a uniform real good but I had no idea what he packed down in those pants. Billy’s about 6’3”, hefty, like a weightlifter. His cock matched that description. Long and thick. I watched Billy’s had stroke his cock, pulling hard on the tip. His eyes were still closed and his breathing was getting rapid. I couldn’t believe he was doing this in the parking lot outside of the station. His fingers splayed out over his head, pushing down. His fingers locked around his shaft, squeezing and rocking up and down. I couldn’t resist. I had to do something.

Stepping closer to the car, I tapped on the window gently. Billy jumped, his hand covering his groin. He looked at me, his face turning every shade of red you could think of. I told him to open the door. He slowly unlocked the door and opened it. Pushing the door open as wide as it would go, I leaned over. I didn’t say a word to Billy. I simply leaned down, moved his hands out of the way and wrapped my own hand around his cock. He groaned and took a deep breath. His cock was hard, solid in my hand. I was surprised at how soft his skin felt. And how hot. His cock radiated heat as my hand moved up and down in his lap. Billy moaned and pushed upwards, pushing into my clenched fist. A drop of precum moistened the tip of his cock. Dipping my head down, I closed my lips around his head and sucked gently.

Billy moaned, his hand grabbing my ponytail and wrapping it around his fingers. He tasted salty and warm. Squeezing my lips tight around him, I slowly pushed my mouth down his length. As the tip of his cock touched the back of my throat, I sucked in, pulling my mouth tight around him. Billy moaned out something unintelligible and then grunted. I sucked him hard, my hand wrapping around his balls, squeezing firmly as my mouth moved up and down. Finally, Billy thrust his cock upwards, his warm cum filling my mouth. I sucked, swallowing every last drop as his cock spurted over and over again into my waiting mouth. Licking around the head of his cock, I kissed the tip and then looked up at Billy. 

“Fucking christ! That was some fucking amazing blowjob.”

I stood, smiled and told him I couldn’t help myself. His cock was so juicy. 

“I bet that’s not all that’s juicy.”

As Billy said this, his hand slipped up underneath my skirt. He turned so he was sitting with his legs out of the car. As his fingers moved up my thigh, I braced my hands on the roof of the car. Billy’s hands drew my skirt up, exposing my panties. I was so wet, the front of my white panties were nearly dripping. 

“You like getting your pussy licked, baby? Cause I’m gonna drill your hole with my tongue till you cum all over my face.”

My breathing was already rapid and now it was getting down right difficult to breathe. Billy pulled my panties down around my ankles. I lifted one foot up, slipping them completely off. Billy grabbed my foot and rested it up on the seat of the car. My pussy was wide open and in his face. I looked down and watched as Billy moved in and kissed the patch of fur just above my slit. His tongue moved down and when it touched my wet lips, I moaned. 

“Mmmm you taste good and sweet, baby. I’m gonna like eating you.”

Using two of his fingers, Billy opened my pussy lips and dove his tongue deep inside me. I closed my eyes and moaned. I couldn’t believe this was happening. Billy’s tongue moved up and down, licking my slit and flicking across my clit. As his tongue moved inside me, his fingers gently stroked my open lips. Moaning, I pushed my pussy into his face, begging him to eat my cunt. His tongue slid from the tip of my pussy all the way to the bottom. Billy moved his hands, sliding them around and cupping my ass. His face was buried in my pussy. His mouth closed over my lips and sucked them, pulling hard with his teeth. His fingers massaged my ass. I moaned louder as his finger skimmed over my asshole and his tongue teased my clit.

Up and down, his tongue moved over my pussy, licking me, drilling me. I was moaning, begging him to make me cum on his tongue. His fingers slipped inside my pussy as his tongue dove inside me. I felt my orgasm rolling from the pit of my stomach. I moaned and pushed down. Billy’s mouth closed over my pussy and he sucked, drinking down my juices. 

Slipping his face away from my pussy, he licked his wet lips. He pushed a finger up inside me, ramming it faster and faster, and then slowly down. 

“Turn around, baby. I’m gonna fuck you now.”

I turned and Billy pushed my skirt up around my waist. His tongue licked my ass, making small circles. He pulled my ass cheeks apart and licked me, nearly making me cum again. Pulling me down, he slowly impaled me on his cock. I leaned forward, getting a better angle, as his cock moved up inside me, parting me. 

“Fuck! You’re so fucking tight, baby.... oh yea... that’s it. Take my fucking cock, baby.”

Billy grabbed my hips and slowly moved me up and down on his steel cock. He was so thick, he was stretching me wider than I’d ever been stretched. I’d always heard this position referred to as reverse cowgirl. Well, if this was what it felt like, I was hooked. Up and down, Billy moved me on his cock, filling me full and then nearly pulling all the way out. I was moaning, tossing my head back and forth, begging him to fuck me harder. Billy reached around and pulled on my breasts, squeezing them through my sweater. I moaned louder. The car was rocking back and forth, squeaking from the motion. Billy thrust up harder and harder each time. His hands moved down and his fingers played with my clit as his cock fucked me faster and faster.

“Fuck me! Fuck me harder! Ohhh fucckk me harderrr!”

I was practically screaming as my orgasm shook me. My pussy tightened around Billy and he pushed up with his cock as his finger pushed down on my clit. He moaned and I felt his cock explode inside me. Pulling off of him, I turned and dropped down, taking his spewing cock in my mouth. I sucked him hard and fast, pulling every last drop. Billy was moaning, pushing his cock deeper and deeper into my mouth. As his cock began to shrink, I licked my lips and stood up again. Billy was panting.

“Fuck! You’re fucking amazing. I haven’t had sex in nearly three months and I needed that.”

Billy’s fingers were stroking my wet, sensitive pussy. He fingers were gentle as he massaged my lips. I moaned and pushed down on his hands.

“You want more, baby? Damn! I’m gonna have to fuck you again real soon. But I gotta get home now. Meet me out here tomorrow night, same time, and I’ll fuck that tight pussy and your tight little ass. You want that baby?”

His finger was pushing up inside me and I moaned. Another small orgasm rushed over me. I told him I’d meet him tomorrow night and I’d be thinking about him all day. 

I know it’s not right to fuck a married man, but then how can you pass by a cock like that? I’ll worry about that later. For now, I’m getting wet just thinking about fucking Billy again. Maybe I’ll get him to bring a friend some night. Maybe working the night shift isn’t so bad, especially when you get can off.