 A few weeks had passed since that eye-opening and erotic stroll in the park. As we both lived in shared houses, it wasn't always easy to find time and space for intimacy. We'd managed one or two morning quickies when Rachel had been staying over with me, but nothing more than that. Then, one afternoon at work I got a text from Rachel.

"Ben and Joan are out overnight tonight so house to ourselves - want to come over for dinner? xx R"

We had a nice dinner together and then snuggled up on the sofa to watch TV and have a glass or two of wine. 10pm rolled around, and Rachel yawned and said she was going up for a shower. I nodded and followed her upstairs. Her bedroom at the back of the shared Victorian house was a decent size, decorated neatly but neutrally, and contained an old-fashioned tall double bed frame with an unfortunate squeak when anyone moved on it. Hopefully, tonight, that wouldn't be an issue.

Rachel disappeared off down the corridor to the bathroom, and I stripped to my boxers and sat on the edge of the bed and watched the summer sun set over the trees in the back garden.

Presently Rachel came back into the bedroom, wrapped in a pink towel and with her long dark hair still damp from the shower. I stood up and walked over to her and pulled her close, putting my arms around her. She smelled of coconut and lime, and her skin was pink from the heat of the shower. I'm a shade under 6 foot, Rachel about 5ft, so we fit together neatly when we hug. I bent down to kiss her and our lips met, then parted into a french kiss. She kissed me passionately and pulled her nails across my back as she did so - clearly we were on for making the most of having the place to ourselves!

I pulled her gently down to sit on the edge of the bed and dropped down in front of her, parting her knees to get close to her and nuzzle into her neck, feathering her skin with kisses. I pulled gently at the towel and it came away and fell to her sides, revealing her still warm and damp body. Rachel has a great body, slightly pear shaped from all the horse-riding she did when younger, and small but pert breasts, somewhere in the B-C cup range. Her nipples are sensitive and they hardened quickly as i moved my hands to her breasts and began to stroke them, pinching them gently as I carried on kissing her neck.

"Mmmmm" she murmured, and leaned back slightly, resting her hands on the bed behind her. This had the lovely effect of pushing up her breasts and nipples and I eagerly put my head down to start to suck and nibble on them. My hands moved to her thighs and ran my hands up and down her thighs, round to her hips and squeezed her soft cheeks. 

I worked my way down her body, kissing her navel and stomach. With a sigh, she dropped onto her back and spread her legs wider to allow me access to her sweet pussy. I closed in with my mouth and started to lick her, parting the lips and folds of her pussy with my tongue, gently at first and then more firmly. I started at the bottom, and moved slowly to the top, focusing on the nub of her clit with gentle sucks and swirls of my tongue.

I glanced up and saw that this attention was having the desired effect - Rachel was squirming and arching her back, and her own hands were playing with her hard and pink nipples. I decided to ratchet it up a notch and started to flick my tongue over her perineum while massaging her clit with with my thumb. This seemed to do the trick for Rachel as suddenly her thighs clamped around my head and her hand landed on the top of my head, holding me still with my tongue against her perineum.

"Ohhhhh god yes!" Rachel exclaimed and she came in a shuddering orgasm, her body bucking against the bed and my head.

I disengaged from her wet and tingling pussy and sat back. Rachel was lying flat, her nipples pointing to the ceiling, with her eyes closed and a dreamy smile on her face.

By this time, it goes without saying, my dick was hard as a rock and straining against the fabric of my boxers. I quickly pulled them off and reached into the bedside cabinet for a condom. Rachel couldn't take the pill and neither of us were ready for parenthood so we had quickly settled on rubbers as a preferred contraception method, and that was fine with me. With Rachel still in afterglow, I slipped the condom on over my fully erect cock and got quietly to my feet. I leant forward, resting one hand on the bed and with the other slipped my dick into her. Her wet and hot pussy enveloped my cock and without opening her eyes Rachel moaned and arched her back as I slid all the way in.

Rachel's body was clearly still sensitive from her orgasm and her hands roamed over her body and my chest as I began to fuck her, building to a steady rhythm. It was a real pleasure to fuck her in this position, looking down over her gorgeous body and seeing her green-brown eyes open and close with each thrust.

After a few minutes Rachel opened her eyes and put her hand up to my chest, stopping my movement.

"John... do it. Put it in my arse. I... I want it." Rachel breathed.

I took a breath. "OK. You'll need to lift your hips up - pull your legs back." Rachel nodded and I pulled back, out of her hot wet pussy, my dick rigid and slick with her juices. She put her hands behind her knees and pulled her legs back, moving her hips round so that her tight bum hole was accessible and spread. Her pussy juices had already dripped down to it, but i reached in and pulled a little more out of her pussy and spread it over her hole. 

"OK, here we go." I said and gripped my dick, carefully guiding it toward her arse. The tip rubbed against the tight sphincter and it parted slowly as I pushed my cock forward. This was going to be my first time fucking a girl in the arse, and it took a lot of self control on my part to avoid coming before I got in! Her hole resisted my cock a bit, but suddenly with an almost audible pop, the head of my cock pushed through into her.

"OHHHH FUUUUCCCKKKK" Rachel exclaimed and her eyes flew open wide. "Oh my god that's amazing".

I grunted and slowly moved myself forward, burying more of my dick into her tight hole. Rachel squirmed and groaned as it slid in until finally I was up to the hilt. I was breathing heavily, and desperately keeping a lid on my own orgasm. We stopped there for a moment, both of us getting used to the new sensations. Her arse was so tight around my dick, and i could feel her sphincter dilating and squeezing around the shaft of my cock. Rachel for her part was panting heavily and her eyes were wide and sparking.

After a few seconds, Rachel smiled up at me and said "Come on then, stud, fuck my bum!" I grinned and nodded.

"I don't think I can last long!" I said, and began to thrust back and forth into her tight bum hole. "God that's tight!".

"Fuck me, John, fuck my bum hard!" Rachel all but yelled. I sped up my thrusts, feeling my own orgasm about to overcome me. 

"Gaaaahhhh... I'm coming!" I said, and felt my cock jerk and shudder inside her arse. I looked down and saw Rachel was also coming again, her back arched and her mouth open as a wave of orgasm swept over her.

With a groan i pulled away and my spent cock came out of her arse with a gentle pop. I collapsed on the bed next to Rachel and caught my breath. After a moment she rolled over beside me and threw an arm over my chest and kissed my shoulder.

"That was incredible." Rachel said. I nodded. "We're going to have to do that again, right?" She smiled. "But next time, I want you to do it without a condom. I want to feel your come filling up my arse."

I could only nod again. 

End of part 2.