 I have a good job; I have been working for Doc Gleason for a couple of years as his secretary receptionist.

At twenty-five I had my own apartment, car and a fiancé that I am engaged to me married to next June.

I live in Grimsby, a small bedroom town about a twenty-minute drive from Hamilton, our closest big city neighbor.

I have been blessed with an attractive body, long auburn hair, iridescent green eyes and 38C breasts. Guys were always hitting on me.

I had learned early in life only stupid girls give it away. If a guy wanted my body he would have to pay. 

I had found a way to augment my income. I could easily pick up enough cash in a couple of days each month to cover my rent, car payments and a few other expenses.

Each month there was a "check day", the day the government mailed out benefit checks to seniors, single mothers, aboriginals and those on the welfare roll. For a couple of days the poor were rich.

At this time an ambitious girl could make a significant amount of cash in a short period of time.

I got home from work shortly after five and quickly showered and put on one of my slutty outfits, a black micro mini skirt and an elasticized red tube top with half my bare boobs spilling out over the top. I was a veritable stop sign for hard ons.

I quickly checked the answering machine and hopped into the Mazda for the short drive into Hamilton.

Like most of the whores I had "my corner". There is about a six-block stretch on Main Street where the whores wait for Johns to pick them up. My corner was right in the heart of the strip.

I parked my car in the grocery store parking lot and walked the couple of blocks to Main and Emerald Streets.

The police often had policewomen standing on the street as decoys. Most guys knew who they were because while they dressed provocatively they never showed too much flesh.

On the other hand my top was so low the top of my nipples were peeking out, no doubt I was the genuine article.

Traffic was heavy and there were already a couple of whores working. I took my place conspicuously offering my wares to passing cars.

I didn't have to wait long, in about ten minutes the old Ford pickup stopped where I stood. 

I recognized the driver; it was Jim, a previous customer. Jim was a pudgy guy in his fifties. In his younger days he had had a full head of red hair, now it was mostly gray with only traces of red remaining.

"Whatcha have Jim, the usual?" I smiled.

Jim always choose a blowjob, Fifty bucks for sucking his cock topless and swallowing his load. It was an easy start for my night.

Jim leaned over and opened the door; I climbed into the cab with him.

It was a short drive to the rear of a school and soon I had my first mouthful of cock.

It was strictly mechanical. I pulled my top down allowing my tits to pop out and went down on Jim's cock which he already had out waiting for me. Jim's cock like everything else about him was average. I took him in my mouth and worked my expertise While I sucked Jim kneaded my tits like two lumps of pizza dough, stretching and squeezing, rolling my nipples between his chubby finger.

He comes quickly, his salty sperm flooding my mouth. I hastily swallowed his cum allowing it to slide down my throat like escargot. I wiped the head of his cock clean on my left nipple.

Jim dropped me off back at the corner with the taste of his cum still fresh in my mouth and his fifty bucks in my purse.

Nobody had taken my spot during my absence so I positioned myself right near the curb conspicuous to the passing traffic.

A couple of passing cars honked their horns and one guy stopped to ask if he could fuck me barecock. I told him that everyone had to use condoms. He offered me and extra hundred to put it in me without a rubber, which I reluctantly declined.

Almost half an hour had passed since I had sucked Jim's cock before my next trick stopped.

He was a big greasy looking Italian driving a Lincoln Town Car. He wanted to know what I charged for a "trip around the world", a blowjob followed by a fuck. I told him a hundred and a half and he told me to get in.

The guy wanted to take me to a twenty-dollar motel room at the nearby City Motor Hotel. Although the interior of the Lincoln was more luxurious than any of the rooms at the City he wanted to get me naked and get his money's worth. Fucking in the car was always a risky thing and I refused to get completely naked while parking.

On the way to the motel he introduced himself as Angelo Castiglione, the owner of a local used car lot. I noticed the wedding ring on his left hand and thought he would be better off at the gym getting rid of some of his excess weight than jumping up and down on some chick half his age. Well thanks to the Angelo's I was able to make a few bucks and maybe someday he could give me a deal on a car?

Ang stopped outside the motel office and went in to register with the East Indian guy on the desk. Minutes later he returned with the room key in his hand.

The City Motor Hotel is a two story "U" shaped structure surrounding a pool and the parking lot. Our room was #237 on the second level. We climbed the stairway up to our level with Ang right behind me looking at my ass in anticipation of seeing it naked. 


Room #237 was the same as every other room in the motel. The standard double bed covered with a brown chenille bedspread, a tabletop TV securely fastened to the vanity and a closet containing half a dozen of those coat hangers you can't remove from the rod.

I begin to undress while Ang played with the radio.

My top and skirt came off quickly and then I stepped out of my thong, I was naked and ready to go.

"Nice!" Ang said staring at my bare tits and freshly shaven pussy.

"O.K." let's do it!" I urged not wanting to waste time.

The Italian quickly stripped naked and joined me on the bed.

Ang was as hairy as Sasquatch and for a short guy had quite a good sized thick cock, which was fully erect.

While he lay on his back I grabbed his meat in my hand and lowered my mouth onto it. Cock number two filled my mouth.

Angelo was not as easy as Jim had been. He told me he had a gorgeous blonde wife who was very subservient and sucked his cock for him several times a week. The only thing was she had a problem swallowing his guck and it made her gag until she threw up. Because of that Ang insisted that whores swallowed his cum.

He took a long time coming as my tongue swirled up and down and over the head of his cock trying to draw his sperm out of him. I yanked the base of his cock milking it in desperation as my jaw begins to ache holding my tongue against his meat.

When he finally comes it was a mega load, three big spurts filling my mouth in rapid succession. It was too much to manage, some of it escaping from the corner of my mouth and running down my chin. I closed my eyes and swallowed the rest.

"You suck cock like a pro!" Ang grinned as I devoured his load.

"Thank you, I've had lots of practice." I answered.

"I bet you have, let's fuck!"

The guy was a bull; he had just filled my mouth with his cream and was ready to stick it into my pussy.

I went to my purse and got out a condom.

"You do the honors." He said lying on his back.

I grabbed his cock; he was still hard enough to roll the rubber on with no problem.

Once I was certain he was safely secured in the prophylactic I squatted over him and lowered myself onto his shaft. 

I have to admit his cock felt good in me. It was one of those nice thick ones that stretched by opening into a tight ring around his shaft. There was a tremendous sensation in my nerve endings as his meat filled me.

"Oh yes you feel so good!" I said as I came to rest on his thighs. 

He was now completely in me and placed his massive hands on my bare hips as I begin to rock with his cock trapped in my cunt.

"Fuck me bitch!" he said as I felt his cock rise up in me.

Ang got his money's worth. I rode his fat cock for about fifteen minutes before he moaned coming in my slippery pussy.

I got Castiglione to drop me off at the Tim Horton's a few blocks from my corner, as it was time for as break. 

The coffee shop was almost empty as I took a seat at the counter and ordered a cup of coffee and an apple fritter. A working girl has to keep up her strength.

There was a real goofy looking guy sitting a couple of stools down from me, a real welfare looking type. He looked like a guy needing his dick sucked so I boldly propositioned him.

"Twenty bucks and I will suck you off?" I offered.

He looked at me surprised.

"I will even swallow your cum!" I sweetened the offer.

Twenty bucks for a blowjob and swallow his guck, that was a deal.

The geek reached in his pocket and produced a double sawbuck.

I did him in the washroom in five minutes.

Returning to my seat I finished my fritter and coffee riding my mouth of his taste.

It was just after ten o'clock and I had $220 in my purse. Another hundred and I would call it a night.

It was after midnight by the time I had found a couple of more Johns to suck off. Tired I headed home hoping tomorrow night would be better.