 I was in a train from the capital, heading back to my hometown. It was a long trip, almost six hours, and there was nothing interesting along the way. Just forests and fields and a few small villages you wouldn’t have noticed unless the train stopped there. Many passengers had already left and I thought the rest were heading to my hometown. It was peaceful, not only because I had moved to a small booth for four, but because the car I was in didn’t have any passengers left.

Three hours had passed, so I was about halfway home. The train stopped in one of the small villages. The station didn’t even have a building, just a platform and a small bus stop-like shelter. Someone probably got on the train as there was someone waving on the platform. What seemed odd was that next to the woman waving was an official looking person, probably not her husband or even a relative.

Soon the train was on its way again and passed another set of fields in the middle of forests. Further away in the train I heard doors opening and closing. A while later, the doors opened and closed again, this time closer. Then the doors in my car opened. A beautiful, young woman appeared behind the glass door to my booth. 

She looked a lot like Delta White (the pornstar), but with shorter hair and maybe a lot bigger breasts. I say maybe, because she wore a leather jacket and the front seemed to be packed really tight. She opened the door and entered.

“Is... are these seats taken?” she asked, sounding and looking a bit absent-minded.

“No. There’s just me here, so feel free to sit wherever you want,” I replied.

“Thanks,” she said, sat opposite me and lowered her bag to the seat next to her. There was a slight stagger in her step, like she was a bit drunk. She didn’t smell like alcohol though.

“So, are you going all the way?” I asked her.

“I guess, maybe,” she replied, somewhat indifferently, and just stared out the window.

“You don’t know where you are going?”

“No. They’ll come and get me when I’m there.”

“They? Who’s they?” I asked. Something felt weird.

“The doctors, I guess.”

“Are you going to a hospital then?”

“Not really. It’s some kind of... mental asylum.”

“Oh... I hope they’ll take good care of you and you’ll be fine soon,” I said. The mental asylum came as a bit of a shock to me and I didn’t really know how to respond to that properly.

“I don’t really know what the place is, but I guess they won’t let me out any time soon. Look, here’s the doctors note. There’s probably more in it than I can tell you,” she said and handed me a paper from her bag.

On the top was a logo and the name of some facility. Greyrock Sexual Rehabilitation Center. What kind of person would need sexual rehabilitation, I wondered. Most of the text was weird medical terms, but there were some that I roughly knew. Hypersexuality, nymphomania, obsessive-compulsive sexual disorder and sexual addiction. So apparently she was some kind of nympho that was going to rehabilitation.

“So you are... a nympho?” I asked carefully.

“That’s mildly put, but yes.”

“You don’t look like one. Or act like one.”

“Yeah. They forced me to take some pretty strong drugs so I could make the trip.”

“Forced? Don’t you want to go there?”

“No, but there’s nothing I can do. I can’t go home, I have no friends because of... my condition, and I have no money to get away from all this,” she said. Her voice trembled and it looked like she was about to cry.

“If you could, what would you want to do?”

“Just... find some nice, quiet place to get away from all this. And maybe find someone that could help me and would understand my... condition. But I guess that’s too late now.”

“It’s never too late.”

“Well it is for me. I don’t think I’ll ever get out from that place.”

“I have a nice house in the woods. It has more than enough room for two and the closest neighbor is more than three kilometers away. I wish I could take you there.”

“Why can’t you?”

“Wouldn’t they come after you? And don’t you want to get better?”

“They don’t care about me as long as I’m not... making trouble. As for getting better, there’s nothing wrong with me. I’m just not like everyone else so they think I need to be cured or something.”

“I... I guess you could come to my place then. We’ll see how it goes. If it doesn’t work out, will you let me take you to whatever that place was where you were going?”

“Yes! I’d be happy to...” she started cheerily, “but I won’t be like this when the drugs wear off. I might be a bit of a handful. You probably won’t want me around then,” she said and became sad again.

“I’ll take that risk. I don’t want you to get locked up somewhere for the rest of your life.”

“Thank you. Thank you so much. I’m Tanya, by the way.”

“Nice to meet you Tanya. No need to thank me yet. You can thank me later if it all works out.”

“I hope it will. Mind if I get some sleep now? The drugs make me tired.”

“Not at all. Go ahead.”

She lowered the back of her seat and closed her eyes. I had no idea what I was getting into, but she didn’t seem dangerous. It was not every day that I could help someone in such a way.

After a few hours the scenery changed to more urban. The factories and warehouses at the edge of my home town were coming into view and I would have to wake her up. She was sleeping so peacefully that I didn’t want to wake her, but this was the station where we would get off. I tapped lightly on her thigh.

“Hey. Tanya. We have to get off here. Wake up,” I whispered, trying not to scare her too much.

“Mmmhhh... Are we there already? Uhhh... I don’t think I’ve slept that well in a long time,” she said and opened her eyes.

“Yeah, we’re here. Get your bag and let’s go out from some other car, just in case someone is waiting for you.”

She grabbed her bag and we moved about three cars away. There didn’t seem to be anyone waiting for her, but I guess you can’t be too careful in a case like this. We walked over to my car, put our bags in the back seat and drove off.

“Hey, you need something from the store?” I asked. I hadn’t left much to eat at home and now I had to get something for two.

“Just get whatever you normally get. I’m not picky,” she replied.

“Should I get a few beers? I’m heating up the sauna tonight and it’s better with some beer.”

“I... I guess I could have a few. Maybe get something stronger to celebrate? After all, you probably saved my life.”

“Are you sure? Is it okay to drink with the drugs you got?”

“Yeah, it’s okay. And don’t worry, the drugs won’t wear off in a few days,” she said with a smile.

“Okay. I’ll be back as soon as I can. Keep your head low, just in case,” I said. She went a bit lower in her seat and I headed to the store.

There was a lot of stuff I had to buy, so it took me a lot longer than expected. For some reason she hadn’t escaped right after I was out of sight. I put the groceries in the backseat and headed home.

“It’s beautiful here, and peaceful,” she said after we had cleared the town and were driving on a gravel road in the woods.

“I guess it is. I like it that way. No nosy neighbors, just you and the nature,” I said. For the rest of the way she just enjoyed the scenery. She seemed so calm I didn’t want to disturb her. Maybe it was better for her to let it all sink in for a while without me talking about something pointless.

We got to my house, a two-story log house with a separate small sauna building some fifty meters away by a lake. I had a small yard with a few berry bushes and apple trees and not much else. It was enough for me as I didn’t want to do much yardwork.

“You... you live here? It’s wonderful!” she said in amazement.

“It’s your home too, at least for now. I’ll put the groceries in the fridge and go put the sauna on. Feel free to check the place out. Just don’t go in the woods or you might get lost.” 

“Don’t worry, I won’t,” she said, grabbed her bag and headed inside. 

I went to my chores and she wandered around the property, smiling widely and carefully checking every nook and cranny. I had no secrets, so I let her check all the cabinets and drawers too. She seemed so happy and explored the place with such childlike curiosity it made me happy too. Who would want to lock up someone like her? She was very beautiful and seemed to be fun to chat with, not that we had had very deep talks so far. Maybe the real reason would come up at some point, but I didn’t let it bother me.

“Hey, I forgot to ask. Where will I be sleeping?” 

“Anywhere you like. I don’t really have a regular bed, I sleep wherever I feel like,” I replied. Actually there was a my room, but I hadn’t made it specially mine. I didn’t see the need to. 

“I’d like some place that’s... private. If you know what I mean.” 

“Of course. The door farthest from the stairs upstairs. I rarely go there so you can have that. And the toilet is just next to it so that’s a good thing too.”

“Can it be locked? I don’t mean... I just...” she stammered. 

“You can lock it from the inside. Don’t worry, I don’t mind you asking things like that. I’m still basically a stranger to you.” 

“Thanks for understanding. I’ll go unpack and... see you in a bit.” 

“The sauna will be ready soon, so don’t take too long. If you need clean clothes, you can borrow some of mine from the drawer.”

“Okay. Thanks!” she shouted and ran off.

I went to see if the sauna was ready and took a towel for her there. I made sure everything was nice and tidy before she came there. At some point I thought of asking if we should go together, but dismissed the thought quickly as very inappropriate. She would have her own time in the sauna. 

I went to the house to see if she was ready, which she was. She had one of my t-shirts and loose pants in her hand and was waiting for me.

“There’s a towel for you in the sauna and everything should be ready. I’ll go get you a beer,” I said and headed for the fridge. 

“When I’m there...” she started. 

“Oh, don’t worry. You can’t see from here to the sauna. And there’s no other buildings by the lake so your privacy is guaranteed,” I said and handed her the cold beer. 

She grabbed the beer and looked at me. “There’s something I have to tell you. But you must promise I can stay here, at least for tonight.”

“I can’t think of a reason why I would send you away, so I promise.”

“Okay. You see... I’m a bit bigger than I appear to be. The doctors wanted me to look like this so there would be no... disturbances along the way. But... I guess you’ll find out what I’m talking about when I get back.”

“Don’t worry. You’ll be as welcome then as you are now. I like you because of who you are, not what you are. Even if it sounds a bit weird since I don’t really know you that well.”

“Thank you for saying that. I really appreciate it,” she said and headed out.

I wondered what it might be in her that was bigger than appeared. It was obvious that her breasts were bigger, because of that leather jacket she wore, so it probably wasn’t that. Maybe her belly was big? I really had no idea what she actually meant by it. I’d just have to wait and see.

She had been in the sauna for more than an hour. Luckily I could hear the sauna door and the occasional splash in the lake, so she was probably fine and I didn’t have to embarrass myself by going to check. Then I heard footsteps at the front porch and the door opened slightly.

“I’m back. Could you please close your eyes?” she yelled from behind the door.

“Okay. My eyes are closed.” I heard her come in and drop something heavy on the table in front of me.

“You can open them now, but don’t turn around yet.”

I opened my eyes and saw some kind of vest with clasps. There was also what seemed like shorts that also had clasps. “What are these? Where did you find them?” I asked her.

“They are mine. I had to wear them. They make me look smaller than I really am.”

“You mean...”

“Yes. You can turn around now and see for yourself.”

I turned around and my jaw dropped. She had my t-shirt and pants on, but underneath the shirt was a pair of biggest boobs I had ever seen. If I had to compare them to something, I’d say they were a cupsize or even two bigger than Leanne Crows, and somewhat firmer. Her lean to one leg allowed me to see the curvature of her hips and butt. If I had to compare again, even with pants on she looked bigger than Lela Star, and just as firm.

“Sorry to interrupt you, but you see now what I meant?” she asked. I tore my eyes off her body and tried to look her in the eyes. I must admit it was really hard.

“Why would you hide something so beautiful and perfect?”

“They wanted me to hide it. And I guess I thought you’d find me ugly with all this... this,” she pointed to her curves.

“You are beautiful with or without all that. Just relax and be yourself. I won’t judge you,” I said. She smiled at me and said “Thank you. You are a good man. But you better get to sauna before it gets cold.” I smiled back, nodded and headed to sauna. 

I threw some water on the hot rocks and the steam gave off a nice, slightly burning heat. I couldn’t help thinking about Tanyas curves and it made me semi-erect. There was something I wanted to hide from her, at least for now. I knew what the claspy things were, because I had something similar. If she was bigger than those pornstars, I was bigger than a pornstar too. Bigger than any pornstar, at least according to one of my former partners. When erect, my penis was roughly 35 centimeters long and almost as thick as a soda can. Flaccid it was only half of that, so it was a bit embarrassing to walk around with a bulge like that. Given that almost every partner I had were scared of my size, I didn’t want to show my size to Tanya. At least not yet.

I went for a short swim, washed myself and went back to the house. Tanya was sitting at the table and yawned. “Oh, there you are. I was just about to go to bed,” she said.

“I was thinking of doing the same. Tomorrow is Friday and I have to go to work.”

“Hey, about that...” she started, and paused to think.

“Yeah? Do you have something in mind?”

“Could you... maybe... take me to town when you go to work? And maybe give me some money so I could buy clothes, and maybe some other things? You could pick me up after work.”

“I guess I could. You know I’m taking a big chance here. You could just take the money and be on your way. But I don’t believe you’re like that.”

“Thank you for trusting in me. Not many people do.” She looked at me in the eyes and smiled.

We said goodnights and went to bed for the night. A lot had happened that day, so it didn’t take long for me to fall asleep.

Friday

I woke up and went downstairs after strapping my penis up and putting on my work clothes. Tanya was already there, also fully clothed and obviously wearing the vest and all. She had made us sandwiches and a cup of coffee for breakfast.

“Ooh, I’m so excited about today,” she said cheerily.

“I’m not. Just another boring day at work.”

“I’ll buy something to cheer you up tonight. I promise it will make you happy.”

“Well, if you promise.”

“I do. Now don’t worry. A wonderful weekend is just ahead.”

We ate our breakfasts and headed towards the town. I left her downtown, gave her roughly a grand and went to work. What a boring day it was. Every minute seemed like an hour when there was nothing to do. All I managed to do that day was a few contraptions out of paperclips and rubber band.

When clock was four, I couldn’t wait to get back home. I picked her up from where I left her and judging by the amount of bags she had, her day hadn’t been so boring.

“You want to know what I bought?” she asked.

“Sure.”

“I’m not going to tell you. But I’ll show you if you come with me to the sauna tonight.”

“Well... ummm... we’ll see...” I stammered. I didn’t think it was the good time to let her see my penis.

“What? Are you afraid? Oh come on, you’ve seen a naked woman before, have you?”

“Of course I have. Okay... let’s just say that it’s very likely that we’ll go together, but I won’t promise. Allright?”

“I guess that will have to do. I’ll be so disappointed if we won’t go. But we’ll find out tonight. Let’s do something fun before that.”

When we got home, she made us spaghetti and meatballs. It wasn’t that good, but not completely inedible. After that we opened a bottle of vodka and talked about this and that. I guess both of us were eager to go to the sauna and see each other naked. I still wasn’t sure if I should show myself to her, but couldn’t really find a good reason not to.

Eventually the sauna was ready and it was time to go. We were a bit tipsy at that point, but not drunk. Just enough to make us laugh a bit more and be more relaxed. She had a bag with her and told me to wait until she got changed.

The door opened and she came out. She was wearing a white one-piece that barely fit on her. Her boobs spilled from the sides and top and the rear had already slipped between her butt cheeks.

“Well, what do you think?” she asked.

“Looks great on you. Nice choice.”

“There’s something for you too inside. Put it on and join me for a swim.”

“Umm... okay,” I replied, although I had some doubts about how this would end up.

Inside there was a tight pair of speedos waiting for me. I had no idea how my penis would fit in them, but I thought I’d try anyway. This would probably be the moment she saw my junk. I put them on and the best way I could wear them was so that it would at least cover the tip of my penis. Half of my shaft was showing from the top, but it was the best I could do.

I walked to the beach just as she was getting out of the water.

“Hey! What took you so... long...” She noticed my rather large member and just stared at it.

“Are you alright?” I asked.

“Yeah... I... I’ll wait for you in the sauna,” she said and ran off.

I took a short swim and followed her. She had left her swimming suit in the dressing room, so I did that too. It looked like she had been crying. She was sitting by the window, so I sat at the other end of the sauna seats.

“Hey. Is everything alright?” I asked.

“No. Yes. I don’t know...” she replied and stared out the window. 

“Is it because of my...”

“Yes, actually. Why didn’t you tell me?”

“I had no idea you would even get to see it.”

“Well, I did,” she turned to look at me and smiled, “And these are tears of joy. That...” she glanced and nodded at the direction of my crotch, “is amazing. Being here with you is amazing. It’s almost like a dream come true for me.” 

“Why almost?”

“Because of my condition. And the drugs.” 

“What do the drugs do, actually. You seem pretty normal now.” 

“They prevent me from getting aroused. And of course I can’t have orgasms.” 

“You said the drugs would wear off soon. What happens then?” 

“The opposite. I’m aroused all the time and I just have to get orgasms any way I can and as much as I can.” 

“Do you have more of those drugs?” 

“Some. I have a prescription, so I can get more.” 

“Maybe you could... you know... let it wear off and take your drugs later?” 

“You’d like that, wouldn’t you?” she said and smiled. 

“It’s... well... I didn’t mean it like that...” I said. If it wasn’t the heat making our skins a bit red, she definitely would have noticed me blushing. 

“You didn’t? You wouldn’t want to fuck me? Don’t you like my big tits and fat ass?” she asked and bounced her tits with her hands. 

“I do... I mean... I think you are perfect. In every way.” 

“Thanks. So are you. More than perfect in some parts. But let’s talk about this more later, let’s go for a swim,” she said and got up. I followed her to the dressing room and grabbed my speedos. She quickly took them from me, threw them away and said, “I think we’re past swimsuits.”
