 Partner Games Ch. 03: Encounter in the park.

After spending the night at Jerry and Sue's, we spent several hours around the breakfast table discussing what happened and where it was all going to go. In the end, we decided to lay down a few ground rules since all of us agreed we did want it to continue, at least in some form. Some of our rules include no secrets. If we do something, it's all out in the open and not hidden. Since Jerry travels a lot for work, he doesn't mind if Sue gets some solo playtime with us as long as when he is home, he gets to participate. Rule two was almost as important. Frequency. This needed to be something occasional, not frequent. We don't want it to become part and parcel to our relationships on a daily basis. Oh, daily teasing is fine, but actual sex needed to be an occasional, "special" event. The girls wanted that rule, presumably because they want to tease me unmercifully. 

Rule three was the hardest to define. Sex just because it's good doesn't mean that it won't get old. So every "special" event should be just that, special. To that end, we decided that every get-together we planned on having sex would have some theme, some game, some activity to make it special. We made an envelope of ideas of things we could do, and we planned on adding to that envelope as things developed. At the end of one event, we would pick the next so that we could schedule it and prepare appropriately. 

Two weeks after that first event we played again, this time playing naked twister after dinner. Of course we had some modified rules, such as, you had to suck, lick, kiss or fill with fingers or cock, any appropriately sexual place within reach on a partner of the opposite sex. That rule modification led to a wide variety of unusual positions, with my cock stuck in both pussies and mouths of both of the girls during the course of the game. The other main rule modification was that you had to try and make the closest person of the opposite sex climax. This led to multiple occasions of both women trying to make me come, as well as Jerry and I both trying to make the same partner climax, a couple times his wife and a few more mine. We played multiple games before we collapsed in a heap on the final game and fucked each other until we were all satisfied. It bode well for our future adventures.

It was a month and a few days since we started swapping, and this particular challenge looked to be not only interesting, but difficult. I don't know who made this suggestion as an activity, but I could make a good guess. The challenge, if you call it that, was to go out in couples in outfits that allowed you to reveal, or would reveal on its own, your private parts, and to take pictures of each other flashing your partner, starting at modest locations and then getting more and more daring and public until someone called it quits. Then we'd get back together and review the pictures to see who "won" by being more daring. Oh yeah, we weren't going with our own wives, but each other's, and at any reasonable opportunity sex was not only permitted, but encouraged. Oh, did I forget to mention that we got to choose and buy what our partner for the night was wearing?"

I chose something that I thought Sue could really enjoy. The dress was long, reaching almost to her ankles, with two slits up the front, one roughly at the center of each leg, and a third up the center of the back, each slit running up all the way to the waistband of the dress. Of course you could never wear it in public if the material didn't have some overlap, which it did, even then I suspected it was intended to have something underneath. The top consisted of two roughly six inch wide strips of the same soft cotton material extending straight up from the waist band, narrowing as they reached above her breasts, to loop over her shoulders. The strips continued down the back, crossing each other before reaching the waistband again. The soft cotton material was thin enough to outline her hard nipples, and could be quickly and easily pulled off her shoulders, or to the side to expose her breasts. The skirt, equally thin, would be easily blown by the wind, allowing much of her to be seen without her even trying, and if she tried, she could easily pull the material aside to expose herself all the way to her waist. She chose to wear a pair of high heels with the dress, making the look even more sensual. 

For me, she chose a long-tailed button down shirt, left half unbuttoned of course, hanging over a pair of lightweight water resistant shorts that had both a zipper and snap in front, but also a elastic waist with enough stretch that they could be pulled down over my hips without undoing the front. 

I had no idea what my wife was wearing, and wouldn't until we compared pictures later. 

Sue and I headed to a park that had a variety of walking and jogging trails, some more secluded than others. While she wasn't nearly as concerned about someone seeing us as I was, I thought it would be a good place to "work up" to being more daring. We got out of the car and started walking along the first gravel path, the wind blowing her skirt around and flashing anyone close enough to see. I let her get down the path a little farther and took a few pictures of her pussy being displayed as the wind moved the skirt around. We moved into the wood line on the path, the trees now blocking us from the bulk of the park and making me a little more comfortable.

"Your turn," Sue said with a grin, turning to face me. "Let's see it." I looked around nervously and opened the front of my shorts, working my hard dick out of the front so that it stuck out lewdly from under the shirt. "Ohhhh. That's it baby," she cooed as she held her phone up and snapped a couple pictures. She reached up to her top with one hand and pulled the dress material apart to expose her breasts and walked towards me with her breasts bobbing and bouncing with each step. 

"Damn," I mumbled at the sight of her, the wind once again blowing the skirt sideways to expose her shaved pussy. 

"You should be taking a picture of this," she said with a grin as she slowly walked toward me. 

"Uh... yeah," I answered a little dumbly, lifting my iPhone and clicking a quick picture. 

"This too," she said as she stepped in front of me and then squatted down, reaching out for my dick with her hand and mouth. 

"Oh shit," I groaned as she enveloped my head with her hot wet mouth, teasing under my dick head with her tongue. I looked down and took a quick few seconds of video of her sucking my dick before she pulled off and stood up.

"Wanted to make sure you stayed good and hard, because I want you to leave this out," she said, stroking my saliva covered dick. "See that bench down there?" she asked, nodding over her shoulder towards a bench a hundred or so feet along the path. "I'm going to walk over there, and I want you to take a video of me. And when I get there, I'm going to take my dress off and bend over and I want you to walk right up to me and stick this into my pussy."

"You're going to take your dress all the way off?" I asked in surprise. "Aren't you worried about someone seeing you?"

"If they do they do," she answered, turning and walking away from me. She pulled the back of the dress apart, completely exposing her bare ass as she slowly walked towards the bench. She turned to face me and pulled the skirt apart in front, exposing her pussy, her tits still completely showing. With a grin she crooked her finger at me, signaling me to come with her. She walked carefully backwards the rest of the way to the bench with me following along behind a few yards, filming her. She stopped at the bench and quickly slid her dress top off her shoulders and pushed it down over her hips, letting it slide down and pool around her feet. She stepped out of the dress, leaving it where it lay on the ground, and then stepped to the bench, turning and pushing her ass out as she bent over. "Come fuck me," she said huskily, grinning at me as she wiggled her ass side to side.

I stepped behind her, keeping my phone filming her as best I could as I aimed my still exposed dick at her pussy. "Ohhhhh yesssss!" she hissed as I pushed into her, my dick slowly sinking into her already wet pussy.

"You must really be turned on doing this," I suggested as I started to pump my dick in and out of her pussy.

"I could say the same about you. Fuck you feel huge tonight!" she moaned.

"SHIT! Here comes someone!" I said quickly, turning off the camera and pulling my dick out of her. I tried to tuck my dick into my pants as a woman jogged closer to us, glaring at Sue as she tried to pull her dress back on.

"Get a fucking room!" the jogger said testily as she passed us. 

"I wish we could," Sue called back as she pulled the shoulder straps of her dress up her arms. "But this is way more fun!"

The woman, probably in her mid forties or so, stopped and turned back to face us. "More fun? Seriously? Getting caught naked in public is FUN?" she asked incredulously.

"The danger of getting seen is part of the allure. Anyone can fuck in a bedroom. But what happens when you try to do it someplace less controlled?"

"Why would you want to?"

"I can tell you my heart is still pounding from you coming along. Haven't you ever gotten the thrill of flashing your tits at some guy you didn't even know?"

"Hell no! Why would I want to?"

"To get flashed back maybe? Hasn't your husband ever teased you in a public place? Rubbed your nipples or between your legs when he thought no one could see?"

"I don't have a husband, thank you."

"Never had one?"

"I did. But he never tried anything like that."

"Why not? Didn't he find you attractive?"

"Of course he did. He married me."

"But he never tried to tease you except in the bedroom? That's a shame. You really missed out on some exciting sex."

"Exciting? Is that what you call it?" she asked as another jogger ran by. 

"It can be," Sue said with a grin. "You ought to try it."

"What? Having sex in public?" she asked sharply. "Not likely!"

"Try smaller first. Flash your tits at a guy. Someone you don't even know. I'd bet you good money that it'd make your heart pound and your pussy get wet."

"More likely get me arrested for indecent exposure."

"Most guys will just grin and watch," Sue answered her, taking another couple steps toward the woman still standing half a dozen yards from us. 

"And you know this how?"

"Experience," Sue answered.

"I'm sure your husband enjoyed that."

Sue looked over her shoulder at me and grinned. "My husband did. But this isn't my husband."

"OH god. So you're just fucking some stranger? Good god!"

"Oh of course not," Sue said as the woman started to turn to leave, stopping and turning back at Sue's comment. "He's my best friend's husband."

"I bet his wife appreciates that," she said with a scowl.

"Actually, right now she's with my husband going around and flashing him in public places. That's how we started tonight. It's just I've been thinking about this for two weeks and I just couldn't wait any longer to get his cock in me."

"Good god. You really don't care if your wife is fucking her husband?" the woman asked me pointedly.

"Actually, I try not to think about it. Not any more than I'm sure he doesn't try to think about me screwing his wife."

"God that's... just perverted."

"Not really. It's really made my wife's and my sex life a lot livelier," I chuckled, not at all sure why I was telling her any of this, other than I seemed to be getting dragged along by Sue's conversation, and the fact that I was still turned on as hell after only getting half fucked.

"Seriously? That's...disgusting."

"Is it? I bet it's not as disgusting as you think. Is your heart beating harder? Do you feel your pussy tingling at the thought of seeing his cock?" Sue asked as she walked towards her, pulling the shoulder straps of the dress off again. She let the top of the dress fall down to her waist as she stepped past her and turned to stand behind her, facing me. "I dare you to show him your tits. I dare you to pull your sports bra up and let him see your tits. I bet if you do, he'll show you his cock. I bet you'd like that, wouldn't you? To see his cock again?"

"Here? Out in the open like this?"

"It's starting to get dark. If you're worried about it, we can go behind those bushes. It'd be harder to see you then."

"You really expect me to pull my bra up and let him see my tits?"

"If you wanna see his cock. And trust me... It's a damn nice cock. Big and fat and long. Hits me in ALL the right spots," Sue said as she stepped around the woman so she was between us. She reached out and took the woman's hand. She backed towards me, drawing her along with her. To my surprise the woman allowed Sue to draw her towards me in the fading evening light. "You wanna undress him? Or should we make him do it for both of us to watch?" Sue whispered. "Just think about his cock. Think about how big and hard it'll be when he looks at your tits."

The woman looked at Sue and then back at me. "We won't get in trouble for doing this?" she asked quietly.

"Uh uh," Sue answered, letting go of the woman's hand and stepping around behind her leaving the woman in front of me. "Go ahead. Just reach out and unbutton his shirt," she coaxed as she stepped back behind the woman. 

"I don't know if I can," the woman said quietly as Sue slipped her hands around her waist and gently stroked her bare abdomen. 

Sue slipped her hands up to the sports bra top and gently stroked her fingers across it. "Are you feeling it?" she whispered. "Right there. Reach out and unbutton his shirt. Is your heart pounding? I can feel your nipples getting hard. Are you thinking about his hands on your breasts? Big strong hands cupping each breast, stroking your hard sensitive nipples? That's it. Unbutton it," she coaxed as the woman reached out with shaking hands for the front of my shirt.

"I don't believe I'm doing this," the woman whispered as she unbuttoned the first of the buttons in the middle of my chest. "God my heart is pounding so hard."

"Exhilarating, isn't it?" Sue whispered. "Just wait until you get to his pants."

"I don't think I could do that," the woman whispered as she undid the second of the four buttons Sue had left buttoned. She worked it through the hole and then moved to the next down and then the final one. 

"Now, just push it off his shoulders," she coaxed, pressing her bare tits against the back of the woman, coaxing her to step slightly closer to me. Her hands pushed the shirt off my shoulders and I let it slide down my arms and flutter to the gravel. "Now let's let him see your breasts," Sue whispered, sliding her hands from the front of the bra down to the band. 

"No. I can't!" the woman protested, lifting her hands to the front of each breast as Sue started to pull the band up.

"Of course you can. Think about his hands on them. Think about how it'll feel with his hands on your breasts while you stroke his big fat dick."

"His dick?" the woman asked, twisting her head quickly to look at Sue. 

"That's the target isn't it? You wanna see his big dick? See how fat it is, how hard it feels in your hand," Sue cooed quietly as she slowly pulled the band up, the woman now letting her roll the sports bra up, a pair of easily C size tits slipping from the restrictive garment. "There. Is your heart pounding now?" Sue asked as she reached down and slid her hands down the woman's arms to her hands. She coaxed her hands out to the front of my shorts and left them there as she removed her hands and stepped around behind me. 

"Now, just unsnap his shorts. It's right there. See how hard it is in his pants already?" Sue said from behind me, sliding her hands down my arms as she had the woman's. She coaxed my hands up and out, letting them rest on each breast. "Feel his strong hands on your tits? Big, strong, masculine hands, yet so gentle and teasing. Feel how he strokes your soft skin. Strokes across your sensitive nipples. So erotic. You know you want to feel him, hold him in your hand," Sue cooed softly as she slowly moved back around behind the woman, her hand trailing across my bare back as she moved. She slid her hands down the woman's arms again, moving to her hands that were just holding the waistband of my pants. "Do it," she whispered in the woman's ear. "All you have to do is unsnap his shorts and it's right there. Right in your grasp. How long has it been since you held a man in your hands?"

"Too long," the woman said, staring at her hands. Sue helped her unsnap my pants with her shaking hands and then guided her fingers to my zipper. I heard it click down slowly, one zipper tooth at a time, my shorts slowly spreading apart. Sue coaxed her to let go of the material and my short slipped down my legs, leaving me naked from my ankles up as we stood in the middle of the gravel path.

"There," cooed softly, guiding the woman's hands to my dick. I felt her soft warm hands wrap around my dick and start to slowly stroke it, pointing my engorged mushroom head at her stomach.

"He's so big," she whispered softly to Sue. "Just so big and fat."

"I know. He feels soooo good inside of me. I bet he'd feel good in you too."

"I couldn't," she whispered back, her eyes staring at my dick as she stroked it. I saw Sue's hands slip down to the woman's waist and then down to her thighs, slowly stroking her thighs in time with the woman's strokes of my dick. Her hands slowly worked around her thighs to the insides, her fingers stroking up now and across her pussy through the slick material of her running shorts. 

"I can feel you getting wet, his hard cock making your pussy long for its touch. Isn't it exciting? Touching and teasing his hard cock? It makes me wanna come all over that hard shaft when I look at it. Does it make you wanna come too?"

"Uh huh," the woman said softly and breathlessly.

Sue slid her hands up to the waistband of the woman's shorts and slowly rolled them down, pulling them slowly down to the middle of her thighs. She stroked her fingers back up and then pushed the pink bikini panty the woman had on down, exposing the brown curls on her mound and pussy. Sue stroked her fingers up between her legs again, this time stroking her fingers across the woman's bare pussy lips. "You're so wet thinking about his cock. I know you want it. You wanna feel it touching you, stroking you, rubbing all along your hard excited clit."

"Uh huh," the woman answered, almost automatically, clearly getting lost in the moment. 

"Just move a little closer and you can rub his head between your lips. Feel his cock tease your clit. I know you want to. Just do it. Feel him. It's right there, so close, so inviting." The woman shuffled the few inches closer, her tits almost touching my chest. I moved my hands to her sides and slid them down to her bare ass, gently squeezing her firm cheeks. She pushed my dick down and pushed her pussy toward my dick, rubbing my head up and down the top of her slit, bumping the tip over her hard clit.

"Oh god," she woman moaned softly. 

"There you go. Feel how good it is? All you have to do now is to push it a little lower and you can slide your soft wet lips all the way along his big hard shaft. There you go," Sue cooed as she pushed farther towards me, sliding my dick between her thighs, her wet pussy lips stroking along my shaft. She shuffled her feet closer to me, her hard nipples pressing against my chest as she started to rock her hips, stroking her wet pussy fully along my shaft.

"Oh fuck," she moaned quietly as she rocked, her shorts bouncing off my bare thighs. I could hear a pair of feet running down the gravel behind me, slow to a walk and then stop as the woman moaned loudly. "Oh god. I think I'm going to come." She started stroking herself along my cock more forcefully, banging her thighs into mine harder as she clearly approached climax. "OH SHIT!" she squeaked loudly as she pressed herself against me, I could feel her juices leaking around my dick as she squeezed me with her body and her thighs. I couldn't help but rock my hips a little, pumping my cock in and out between her thighs, my strokes seeming to extend her climax. "Oh fuck oh fuck. Oh fuck," she mumbled over and over as her climax continued to wash over her. She finally started to relax, but didn't pull away as I continued to stroke between her thighs. 
