 It was almost seven thirty when I pulled into the driveway. I double checked the address I'd been given and reread the instructions. Amanda had been so impressed with my play as a father that she wanted me to help out two of her friends in the group that had been dying for a good father figure for a game they wanted to play. Since it was going to be an overnighter, they also arranged for my wife to have what Amanda called "an equally enticing overnight stay". I looked down at the note again. She wanted to be called Tina, though I knew that wasn't her real name, and we were role playing a sleepover. I was expected to spend the night. Other than that, I really didn't know much. 

I walked to the door, still wearing my suit and tie from work, assuming that it wasn't going to matter what I wore before too long. I never even got a chance to ring the bell when the door opened. I was staring at a young woman, maybe late twenties or so, wearing a thin pink nightgown that was barely long enough to cover her crotch. The thin material barely hid what had to be a pair of about 32 B breasts with obviously erect nipples, which swayed back and forth about half an inch in the nightgown as they wiggled. She was moderately slender, maybe a hundred pounds or so soaking wet. She had long brown hair that had been tied up in two ponytails sticking up on each side of her head. She was clearly trying to make herself look the part of a young teen. 

"DADDY!" She exclaimed cheerfully, stepping through the door onto the porch to give me a huge hug, pressing her body against mine. "You're home! Donna is already here. We didn't know you were going to be so late getting home from work! I'm so happy you said we could still do the sleepover!"

"Your welcome sweetheart," I answered as she stepped back and tugged my hand to pull me inside. She closed the door and pulled me down the hall to the living room. 

"You remember Donna from school, don't you?"

"Hi Mister C," the second young woman said as she got up from the sofa. She was a bit heavier set than Tina, but not unattractively so. She wore a yellow nightie that might have been even a little thinner than Tina's, but didn't cover any more of her body. She too had ponytails in her slightly shorter brown hair, though I'd guessed she was a few years older than Tina. "I really appreciate you letting me stay over with Tina, especially since Mrs. C had to be out of town." 

"Sure, no problem," I answered as she held her hands in front of her crotch, idly playing with the hem of the nightgown, pulling it down and making it stretch tighter over her obviously large breasts. She had to be at least a 36 D or larger the way the front of the nightgown pushed out. 

"Come on Daddy. You need to change so we can play!"

"I do?"

"Of course! You don't want to spend all night in that stiff old suit do you? Besides, we need you to spin for us so we can play twister!"

"Alright," I answered, pretending to acquiesce reluctantly as she led me across the living room and down another hallway. She guided me to what I presumed was a guest room with a large king-sized bed with the blankets all jostled about as if it'd been slept in. On the bed was a pair of lightweight bed pants, which I assumed were my pajamas from the night before as well as what I was supposed to be wearing tonight. 

"We'll wait in the living room!" Tina said exaggeratedly. 

"Sure thing sweetie," I answered as I took off my suit coat and hung it over a chair in the corner. She walked out of the room and closed the door, but not all the way, leaving it open a crack. I started to undress, tie, shoes, socks, dress shirt. By the time I got to my pants, the gap in the door had grown and I could hear whispering in the hallway. I pushed my pants off, leaving me in just my boxer briefs with my semi-hard dick clearly outlined by the slick black material. I tossed the pants on the chair and then skimmed my briefs off, bending to step out of them, my cock jutting our lewdly. I heard a slight gasp from one of the women who I could now see through the several inch gap, kneeling to peek in. I tossed my briefs on the pile and reached for my cock, wrapping my hand around it and stroking it slowly a few times. 

"God your dad has such a big dick!" I heard Donna say quietly to Tina. "Way bigger than my boyfriend's was."

"Told you," Tina answered back. "You still wanna do this?"

"Yeah. I mean I can't go through all of high school as a virgin, can I?"

I nodded to myself. Now I knew what the game was, which also told me how to play it. I stroked my dick a few more times to get it good and hard and then walked to the bed to get the pajama bottoms. There was no way the baggy material was going to contain my dick, and it didn't. My hardon tented the material out in front making my hardon extremely obvious. "Well. This is going to be awkward," I said as I looked down at myself. "I hope the girls don't notice," I added as I started for the door. I could hear the two running down the hall towards the living room as I approached the door. I walked down the hall, my dick trying to swing side to side in my pj bottoms, making the tented material move with it. 

I walked into the living room and saw both girls sitting on the sofa cross-legged, a recliner across the room from it. I suspected that was where the girls wanted me. I walked to it and sat down, looking over at them, their pussies both exposed under the pulled up hem of their nightgowns. "Okay girls. Here I am!"

"Yea!" Tina cried as she put her feet on the floor and slid off the sofa, her nightgown pushing up her thighs and completely exposing her pussy and cleanly shaved mound for a brief moment. "Come on Donna. Help me set up the game!"

"Okay," Donna agreed, sliding off the sofa the same way, exposing her dark curls. 

Tina stood straight legged, bending at the waist to pull the plastic sheet from the box, her pussy pushing out between her legs at me. Her full round lips were as shaved as her mound and framed only a slight amount of inner lip that was protruding. Donna walked over and bent as well, showing her pussy to me as well. She backed up as Tina turned, moving towards me, her pussy still clearly showing. She had quite a bit more inner lip exposed, framed by her full, fat outer lips and dark brown pubic curls. The nightgown seemed to gape down farther as she bent to put the sheet on the floor, giving me a long look at the bottom side of her big tits while looking between her legs. 

The girls straightened up and then Tina brought me the spinner before stepping to the other one of the sheet. 

I spun the spinner. "Right hand red," I called. Both girls bent to place their hand on a red circle. With Donna facing away from me, her pussy was immediately exposed to me again. "Right foot blue." Both girls moved, spreading their legs, and giving me an incredible view of Donna, which I was sure was the idea. "Left foot yellow."

Donna didn't have to move far, but Tina had to contort around so she was reaching a yellow circle with her left foot. It left her holding herself crab like, facing upward, her legs spread apart and her nightgown slid up almost to her waist, leaving her naked from there down. Her spread legs also spread her pussy, giving me a perfect view of her. I could see that her pussy lips were glistening with her own juices of excitement. 

"Right foot red."

Donna didn't have to move far, but Tina did, practically pushing her pussy in Donna's face by the time she had her foot on the red dot. 

"Left hand green."

Donna crossed her arms to reach and Tina struggled to move her left hand to a green dot. 

As she moved her knee brushed Donna's nightgown, which slid up, or rather, down over her body, bunching up around her neck, leaving almost her entire body exposed, including her big tits, which swung side to side under her chest. "Wait. I have to fix my nightgown!" Donna called, starting to lift a hand. 

"Uh Uh! You take your hand off, you lose! Just going to have to leave it how it is," Tina called to her friend.

"But your dad can see me!"

"Oh well. Unless you wanna forfeit."

"Not likely!" Donna answered back. 

"Right hand yellow," I called out. 

Donna moved her hand and quickly got set, though her nightgown was trying to fall over her head and completely off her body. Tina laughed as she moved one hand easily. 

"Right foot blue." I called. 

Donna this time easily found her mark, but Tina had to cross her legs and quickly fell to the mat. 

"I win!" Donna cried, standing up and giving me a view of her naked body as she untangled the nightgown, taking it all the way off before putting it back on again. 

"Okay Daddy. Your turn!" Tina said as she stepped to my chair. 

"Oh sweetie. I'm not sure that's appropriate."

"Oh come on Daddy. You promised!"

"Oh. All right," I answered as I pushed out of my chair. I handed her the spinner and walked around so I was across from Donna. 

"Right hand yellow!" Tina called. I located a yellow dot and bent over. "Left foot blue!"

Again an easy reach for both of us. "Right foot red." A bit of a stretch, but doable. "Left hand red." I bent double, reaching my hand across my body, stretching for the red dot. I felt the snap on my pants pop open as I shifted my weight to hold my hand on its new location. "Shit," I swore quietly, lifting my hand to fix my pants. 

"Uh Uh Daddy! You can't move your hand once it's down or you lose!"

"But my pj's!"

"Oh well!" she answered with a grin. "Left foot yellow."

I moved my left foot to a yellow circle, and with my feet nearly together, there was nothing to keep my pj pants from falling all the way to my ankles, which is what happened. 

"Wow Mister C. You have a really big dick!" Donna said from where she was squatting, looking at me.

"Okay. I lose," I said, quickly standing up and pulling my pants back up to cover my dick. "Your turn again," I said to Tina. 

"Okay Daddy," she answered with a devious little grin. She gave up my seat and walked to the far side of the mat. "I think we just need to get rid of these. They just get in the way," she said to Donna as she pulled her nightgown off and dropped it next to the mat, leaving her completely naked. 

"In front of your dad?" Donna asked. 

"Why not. It's not like he didn't already see you last round."

"Yeah. I guess," she answered, pulling her nightgown up and off. Unfortunately for me she was facing away from me, which left me looking at her bare back and ass. 

"Right foot yellow," I called. "Left hand red." "Left foot green." Donna twisted onto her back to get her left foot to a green dot. She was now holding herself facing up, with her legs spread wide and her pussy completely exposed. Her tits were every bit as large as I thought, with large, round dark areola and nipples nearly as large around as my pinky, sticking out nearly as far. "Right hand yellow."

Donna tried to move her hand and abruptly fell on her butt, leaving Tina the winner. 

"Okay Mister C. Your turn," Donna said as she picked herself up. 

"Okay," I answered as I got up and relinquished the recliner to her. I stepped to the mat. "Okay."

"Uh Uh Daddy. Naked, remember?"

"Me too?"

"You too. Only fair, right?"

"Yeah. Okay," I answered, reluctantly taking my pj pants off and dropping them on Donna's nightgown. My rock hard dick stuck out at Tina. 

"I think Daddy was getting turned on watching us naked," Tina said with a giggle. "Did you Daddy? Did looking at us get you all excited?"

"That'd be totally inappropriate," I answered. 

"Do you think we look sexy Daddy? Do you wanna put your hard dick in our young wet pussies?"

"Sweetie, you need to stop that. I could get in real trouble for what you're suggesting."

"But you didn't say you didn't want to," Tina said suggestively as she moved around to the side of the mat. "Okay Donna ."

"Right foot blue," Donna called. 

I moved my foot to a blue dot and Tina moved to one almost in the same spot. "Left hand yellow." Tina and I both bent and reached, my body now pressing against her soft naked skin. "Left foot green." I bent over Tina farther, my rock hard dick nestling into the cleft of her butt cheeks. 

"Ooooo. Daddy," Tina cooed quietly as she wiggled her butt slightly, rubbing her pussy against my shaft. "You feel so big and hard."

"Right foot yellow."

I reached my foot for the closest yellow dot, feeling my dick slide down between her legs farther, her pussy now pressing against much of my length. She rocked her hips, grinding her pussy against my shaft. "We shouldn't be doing this," I whispered. 

"I know. That's what makes it so fun," she whispered back. 

"Right hand yellow," Donna called. I wrapped an arm around Tina to reach yellow feeling her grind against me more as she too moved her hand. After several seconds she fell down. 

"Awwww. Daddy won," she said as she turned over to sit on the mat. I felt her hand grasp my hardon as I straightened up. She stroked my dick slowly. "You really are big Daddy," she said before she leaned her face toward me and pressed her lips to my engorged head and blew on it. 

"What are you doing?" I asked 

"Giving you a blow job?" she asked, looking up at me hopefully. 

"Um. No. That's not what you do," I said as I stood there. 

"Show me?" she asked.

"We shouldn't."

"But Daddy. No one will know. And I have to learn somehow."

"Okay. Just this. And your mother can never ever find out."

"Okay Daddy," she answered enthusiastically. 

"Now. Open your mouth. Yeah. Now just put the head into your mouth and gently close your lips around it. Use your tongue on the under side of my dick while you push your mouth on and off of it. There you go. Now apply a little suction. That's it. Very nice," I groaned. 

"Donna. Come try this," Tina said as she pulled her mouth off of me. 

"I didn't say..." I protested as Donna stepped around me and knelt by Tina. "Okay. But it's gotta be a secret," I said to Donna, who nodded as she took hold of my dick and aimed it at her face. She clearly knew how to give a blow job, but just as clearly wanted me to coach her. The girls took turns sucking my dick and coaxing me toward climax. "Some girls like to wrap their tits around it and stroke it that way too." 

Donna pulled her mouth off of me and lifted herself higher on her knees, pressing my dick between her big tits. She wrapped her large soft tits around my shaft and stroked up and down, enticing me to buck my hips up in time with her strokes. 

"That's it. If you keep that up I'm going to come," I groaned. 

"Let me try," Tina said, rolling to her knees and replacing Donna's tits with her own. "Like this?"

"Yeah. Just like that," I groaned, jumping my hips back at her. "God I think I'm going to come," I groaned. "Just open your mouth and lean your head down. Otherwise it'll squirt all over you." 

"Like this?" she asked, tilting her head down and letting my dick slip into her mouth with each stroke. 

"Oh god yes," I gasped as my body bucked, driving my cock up into her mouth and squirting a huge hush of cum into it. My body bucked several times, giving her several squirts of my load before she let my cock out of her mouth for Donna to take. 

"That's it. Now suck and slide your mouth up and down my shaft to coax the last of it out." I panted as Donna sucked the remaining weak shots of cum from me. 

"Is there something like this guys can do to girls?" Tina asked.

"Uh huh," I answered breathlessly. "In my day we called it eating your girl out."

"That sounds gross. What is it?"

"It's when a guy licks your pussy to try and make you come. I guess a guy hasn't done that to you?"

"I feel all funny down there, like I'm all wet and I want to rub myself," Donna said as she let go of my now softened dick. 

"That's being horny or turned on," I answered 

"Is that good?"

"Yeah. Come here," I said, holding a hand out to her. I coaxed her up and then to the sofa. I sat her down and knelt in front of her. I lifted and spread her legs as I leaned in and gently stroked my tongue up her soft wet lips. 

"Oh fuck!" she moaned loudly. "That feels sooo good."

"You think that feels good. Try this," I said quietly as I moved a hand to spread her lips and expose her waiting clit. I licked up her slit and teased the tip of my tongue across and around her hard nub. Drawing a squeal of pleasure. "How's that?"

"Oh god. You can keep doing that all you want," Donna moaned. 

I grinned and went back to licking her wet lips, drawing my tongue up the length of her slit over and over. Soon she was squirming on the sofa, grabbing at my head and crying out in pleasure as I drove her closer to climax. Over and over I licked, stroking my tongue between her lips, dipping as far as I could into her tunnel. 

"Oh my god! I'm going to come!" she squealed as her body began to shudder. I continued to tease her clit, pushing her climax as high as I could before plunging two fingers deep into her pussy. "OH FUCK!" she cried to the ceiling as her body bucked hard. I plunged my fingers in and out several times, making her buck hard on the sofa. She pushed my head instead of pulling it toward her pussy. "Enough. Oh god enough!" she moaned. 

"Oh god Daddy. What did you do to make her cry out that way? I want you to do it to me too!" Tina said quickly, practically jumping on the sofa next to Donna. She spread her legs wide and slid her ass to the edge of the cushions. 

"You do, do you?"

"I do!" she answered me enthusiastically. 

"You know, if your mother finds out, we'd both be in serious trouble. I mean really bad trouble."

"I've been in trouble before."

"Not like this."

"Well. It doesn't matter. She's not going to find out."

"She better not," I said as I moved between her legs. Her pussy looked every bit a teenage pussy, full round, smooth outer lips, recently shaved baby butt smooth. Her lips spread slight around just the smallest amount of pink inner lip, extending just barely out between her outer lips. Both inner and outer glistened wetly with her juices. I leaned my face towards her and gently licked up her inner lips with just the tip of my tongue. I shifted my weight to sit between her legs and wrapped both arms around her thighs. I used my fingers to spread her pussy apart, exposing her pink depths. 

"Ohhh fuck," she moaned as I pressed my tongue into her and stroked it the short distance to her clit, flicking across it. "Ohhh Yeah. There. Please there!" she moaned. 

I worked my tongue up and down her slit, stroking and teasing her clit each trip up. Her hips lifted off the sofa towards my face as her climax built. Part of me wanted to just stand up and stuff my again hard cock into her, but I was going to have to play the game to get there. Her cries intensified as her body trembled, her cries and gasps of pleasure signaling the full force of her climax following moments later. She stiffened and let out a long deep groan as her pussy squirted a stream of clear girl cum on my face. 

"Oh god. I'm sorry. I don't ever do that!" she said, honestly surprised. 

"No problem," I said as I wiped my face and chin with my hand. 

She lay for several seconds and then fell back into her role. "I'm so sorry Daddy. I didn't mean to!"

"It's alright. I just need to clean up."

"Let us!" she said quickly, pushing off the sofa. She held a hand out to me and another to Donna. It only took us a few moments to be practically dragged down the hall, through the master bedroom and into the master bath. She grinned at me before stepping into the huge walk-in shower. In moments she had water flowing and turned back to us. She grinned playfully and drew us into the shower with her. We spent almost ten minutes soaping and fondling each other.
