 I'd had a hellish day at work. It seemed to me that the only time I wasn't trying to deal with a customer with a complaint was when I was dealing with a customer with multiple complaints. Oh! I forgot. I did have once change. My blasted manager had a complaint. And his complaint was due to something he'd screwed up and he was looking for someone to blame. All in all, not my best day.

So I stagger home and I'm greeted by a smiling hubby who's already changed and just waiting for me to get dolled up so we could go to the party. 

"What party?"

"Didn't I tell you about it? I was sure I had."

No, he hadn't told me about any frigging party. Did I want to go? No. Was I being given a choice? Again, no. It would be an insult to his boss if we didn't turn up. I said a few choice words under my breath and went and got ready for the party.

We rolled up at the party. It was being help al fresco with a buffet style meal. Just help yourself folks. Ditto with the drinks. I ate hungrily and sipped on the wine carefully. I was so beat that I thought a couple of glasses would have been enough to put me under the table. Wouldn't that have been a fine testimonial to hubby's boss, having me pass out drunk in the middle of his party.

There was dancing which I was too tired to even attempt, and a lot of talking, to which I contributed my share. 

Although the party was al fresco, the house was open, with people wandering in and out and looking around. It was a very nice house, too. I wandered in and looked it over, making a mental note of a couple of ideas that would probably work very well at our place.

I opened one door too many. It was a bedroom, you see, and there was this very nice bed, right there in front of me, and I really was feeling bushed. A fifteen minute catnap wouldn't hurt anyone, now would it? I set the time on my phone for fifteen minutes and then just lay down and flaked right out.

Now this next part of what happened is pure conjecture on my part. I was asleep, so I don't KNOW that this is what happened, but the final results meant something like this must have gone on.

After I zonked off John (as in John Doe – the unknown male) came into the room for some reason and sees me there, out like a light. Did he discreetly depart or gently wake me? No he did not.

What he did do, the callous swine, was to unbutton my blouse. Unfortunately, I was wearing a front fastening bra, so guess what else got undone? Not satisfied with that he hitched up my dress to reveal my panties. And then he felt me up. 

I'm quite sure that whoever it was did a fair amount of intimate exploration, even though he didn't pull my panties down. I suspect he was gently massaging me through the material, just getting me nicely aroused in my sleep. I say gently because I'm quite sure that if he'd been rough or greedy I'd have woken up and screamed blue murder.

I have no idea if my alarm went off or not, but if it did I managed to sleep through it. I must have been asleep for nearly an hour before I stirred. I was having this lovely dream, quite hot and very romantic. I could feel my lover kissing my breasts, sucking lightly on my nipples.

Then I was blinking awake and I could feel my new friend, John, stroking my breasts and teasing my nipples. I must have made some sort of sound because he looked at me and smiled.

I was still at least half asleep, thinking I was dreaming still, and I smiled back at him.

"I've been waiting for you to wake up," he said. "Now just bear with me for a minute."

So I'm looking sleepily at him, not sure what's going on, when he takes hold of my panties and takes them off. Now I was positive I was still dreaming. John eases my legs apart and kneels between him and I'm not really surprised to see his trousers are missing. As I watch he leans forward until his cock just lightly brushes against my lips. Then he pushes forward, easing my lips apart and sliding gently into me.

"Wh-what are you doing?" I ask, feeling puzzled, while a delicious sensation travels through me as his cock slides slowly in.

"Ah, is that a trick question?" he asks, and I felt awfully foolish. I mean, it was pretty obvious what he was doing.

"B-but I don't even know you," I pointed out.

"That's all right," he gently assured me. "After all, I don't know you, either."

So I'm lying there, drowsily watching as his cock slides all the way into me. Then he started moving. He wasn't doing anything in a hurry. He pulled slowly out and pushed slowly back home, and it felt absolutely wonderful. I found myself rocking in time with him, pushing up as he came in, relaxing again as he withdrew.

It just went on and on, a long slow loving, leaving me lost in a world of feeling. There was no rush of passion or lust. Just a long, slow building of excitement, slow waves of fire rippling through me in time to his long slow thrusts. If I was dreaming it was the most amazing dream and I didn't want it to end.

All of a sudden John started putting more fire into his loving. He was taking me a lot harder and I was gasping and bouncing under him, and that gentle heat I'd been feeling was blazing high. I climaxed, and imagined that he did, too, and I was shuddering and shaking, trembling with the force of it. 

I was gasping in the aftermath of what had happened. Spent and still tired, I closed my eyes again and drifted off.

I woke up to find Hubby shaking me.

"I've been looking for you," he said with a laugh. "I should have guessed you came in to have a nap."

I sat up with a gasp, looking down at myself. I was fully dressed. A dream. It had to have been a dream. And quite a hot one, I thought with a small smile. I could still feel the heat in my loins. 

I hopped off the bed and scrabbled for my shoes, slipping them on. A quick look in the mirror and a fluff of my hair and I was prepared to return to the party. One last glance to make sure I was presentable and I felt a cold chill run down my back. The top button on my blouse was done up. I never do up that button.