 "I am so pissed at my boyfriend." I heard a female voice say. I looked around and saw two girls talking. The blond seemed to be nodding in agreement while the redhead emptied her drink. "Maybe I should get him back."

"Are you really sure you want to do that?" The blond asked.

"Right now, yes." The redhead replied. I saw the blond look around and turned away, hopefully before she saw me watching them.

I guess the blond saw me and said something to the other one, cause I soon had the redhead tapping me on the shoulder.

"Excuse me, are you here with anyone?" She asked.

"Um, no." I said.

"Great." She grabbed my hand and started across the living room heading for the stairs. "Look, I don't want to know your name and don't expect anything to come of this." She stated.

"No problem." 

Following her up the stairs, I got a good look at her ass that was barely covered by white panties. Thank God for the man created the miniskirt. 

Upstairs, she tried a couple of doors before she found an empty room.
"I am only doing this because I am pissed off at my boyfriend." She said.

"Works for me." I said as she pulled off her top revealing a large set of tits.

I sat on the edge of the bed and she stood between my legs. I brought her tits to my face and started sucking on one of the nipples. It wasn't long before they were both sticking out. I turn turns between them both, as I lifted her skirt and pushed her damp panties aside and ran my fingers across her opening. She shuttered and then let out a little scream as I slid two fingers into her cunt. I pumped my fingers in and out fairly quickly, as I wanted to have cum at least once before I fucked her. She had to hold on to my shoulders to keep from falling over as her legs buckled at least three times. I slowed my pace and used my thumb to rub her clit. When she came, her legs gave out again and she rapped her arms around my head, forcing it between her tits. I don't know how long the orgasms lasted but my fingers didn't stop the whole time. 

After she caught her breath, she pushed my down onto the bed and made short work of removing my pants and underwear. With my hard on free it stood at attention, waiting for attention.

She slipped her panties off and tossed them to me, then climbed on to the bed and placed her pussy above my face. As she brought her shaved cunt to my mouth, she was already stroking my cock. I started slow and licked around the edges of her outer lips, but lost focus when she took my cock into her warm mouth and sucked. It was the first time I had ever been in a 69.

I thought that her boyfriend must be a lucky guy to have a girlfriend like this. Then I thought that I was the lucky one, since I was having her now. I tried to focus on her pussy, darting my tongue in and out of it while I rubbed her clit with my fingers. She climbed off sooner than I wanted, but she quickly moved and then straddled me impaling herself on my cock. We both let out a moan as she slid down my shaft. If I thought that her mouth felt great on my cock, her pussy was like heaven. As I slid in she tightened her cunt muscles and I knew that I definitely the lucky one.

She got herself into a rhythm and I lay back and enjoyed her work, ever so often I would reach up and cup her breasts and play with her nipples.

She started top get off, but I pulled her back down and started thrusting my hips hard. I wasn't letting off that soon. I enjoyed having the woman on top. She had to lean forward and support herself, not to fall over. I grabbed her ass and pumped harder. Finally she was able to pull herself off and then rolled over on to her stomach. Once behind her I teased her by running my fingers across her lips again and enjoyed the feeling of pushing my cock back inside of her.

She started cursing about her boyfriend and it was getting on my nerves. After she took a breath and started again, I pounded my cock in hard and fast until she lost her train of thought. After the second time it happened, she caught on to what I was doing and turned it into a game.

As I was pounding her from behind, I kept a good grip on her ass. I decided to slap it a couple of times, and see how she moved. To my surprise she liked it and asked for more. It wasn't long before both ass cheeks were bright red. 

"I want you in my ass." She said out of nowhere. Her request surprised me. I had been thinking about it while I was slapping her ass, but didn't want to ruin a good thing if she didn't like it.

I pulled out and rubbed my cock around her ass, using her own juices as lubrication. I slipped back into her cunt and pumped until she came again. Once she was done, I lubed her ass up some more before placing the head of my cock against her ass. I pushed gently and felt her tense up.

"Relax." I said. I felt her fingers rub my balls then watched as she started fingering herself. I tried again and this time she was much more relaxed with her mind focused elsewhere.

I stopped one the head was in so that she could get used to the feeling and allow her ass muscles to loosen. She started moving back and forth a bit to loosen up, when she came again. This orgasm was intense and she was moving around a lot and pushed herself back thrusting my cock all the way into her ass. It was a few seconds between the pleasure of the orgasm and the pain of her ass being assaulted. She buried her face into the pillow to stifle a scream.

I waited for her to tell me to pull out of her ass. When she pulled her face out of the pillow, she started moving slowly back and forth. I realized that her ass had loosened and she was enjoying the feeling now. I grabbed her ass and started pumping slowly, matching her rhythm. 

"Faster." She said. I obliged. The more she moaned, the faster I pumped, sliding my cock in and out of that tight ass. Every so often she let out a scream of pain, but I wasn't going to stop until she told me to.

"Oh, god this feels so good." She said. "I would never allow my boyfriend to fuck my ass." I pumped harder. "I want you to cum in my ass." She said.

I responded by pumping harder, as I felt close. I tightened my grip on her ass and kept going as I felt about ready to explode. A few more pumps and I shot my first load into her tight ass. I shot load after load and somewhere after I started cumming and before I finished she came again.

Once I was done, I pulled out and lay on the bed, spent. She lay beside me for a few minutes before she got up and got dressed.

"Thanks." She said and then left the room.

"No Problem." I replied to the empty room. I stayed on the bed a few more minutes before getting up and dressed myself. It was then I noticed her panties sitting on the floor where I tossed them. I pick it up and put it in my pocket as a souvenir. 

Leaving the room, I ran into a friend who had just left another room where they were getting into a drinking game. He handed me a beer and we headed for the stairs.

Halfway down the stairs we heard some guy yelling at his girlfriend and then make his way towards us. I looked over and saw that the girlfriend was the girl that I just fucked. Stunned I watched her boyfriend reach the bottom of the stairs and move quickly up them. He pushed his way through us and ran down the hall. I guess she told him what happened but not what I looked like.

As my friend and I headed into the kitchen, I saw her give me a smile and then she disappeared into the crowd.