 When we were all in college, one of the highlights of our summer break every year was the week that Lisa's parents would go on vacation. She was the only one of the four kids who still lived at home, so she got stuck with housesitting duty while the parents were gone. She quickly learned how to make the most of it. She never threw any really big parties, but always invited me, Jim, Rob and her best friend, Carolyn, over, as well as anyone that any of us happened to be dating at the time. As it turned out, the last time she was called upon to housesit ended up being the most memorable.

Her sister, Ruth, decided to visit during the week that their parents were gone, which we at first feared might end up being a drag. She turned out to be pretty cool, after all, however and she and Rob really seemed to hit it off. She was very different from Lisa as far as appearance, being thin with short hair while Lisa was more voluptuous with long, curly hair. Carolyn's appearance fell somewhere between theirs with sufficient curves, moderately sized breasts and shoulder-length, light-brown curly hair.

That Friday night started out as they usually did when Lisa's parents left town – we got some beer and some pizza and sat around catching up. Though they'd never met before, Rob and Ruth were immediately flirting. As it turned out, none of us had a significant other with us this time. That wasn't to say that none of us was dating anyone, just that we weren't dating anyone who lived close enough to consider bringing along to the party. For possibly the first time ever, the male-female ratio was dead even and it was immediately evident who was going to end up with whom.

Lisa and I had a history; we hooked up pretty much whenever the opportunity presented itself, whether we were otherwise attached or not. Jim and Carolyn similarly had a history, although not as intense sexually as mine and Lisa's. With Rob and Ruth apparently equally interested in each other, it looked as though everything was falling into place. Nobody said anything about it, but, as the night wore on, it became very obvious. Finally, as it started getting late, Ruth and Rob managed to disappear right out from under our noses. Not long after, Jim and Carolyn followed suit. Finding ourselves alone, Lisa and I were soon making out as I caressed her substantial breasts.

Before things went too far, Lisa suggested that we move up to her room where we could at least close the door and not have anyone walk in on us. I'd never fucked her in her living room, so I hesitated, but decided I'd rather not be interrupted or have Lisa feel inhibited, so I agreed to move upstairs. Inside her room with the door closed, we started making out again standing beside her bed. After a few minutes of fondling her breasts while my cock throbbed in my shorts, I dropped to my knees, intending to give Lisa the attention that I knew she loved. I opened her shorts and took them down along with her panties, exposing her trim, dark brown bush. She sat on the edge of her bed and spread her legs, opening herself up to me.

I kissed my way up the smooth flesh of her inner thighs, alternating sides as I approached her pussy. I could smell the musky scent of her arousal the closer I got as she leaned back on her elbows, watching me. I kissed and licked around her pussy, teasing her, before finally running my tongue up her dripping slit. She was overflowing with juices, a testament to her aroused state, which I lapped up before slipping a finger into her slippery hole. As I slid my finger in and out, I glanced up to see Lisa pulling on her hard nipples through her shirt and bra before I jutted out my tongue and began to lick her clit. Lisa moaned and I immediately felt her start to move her hips rhythmically as I fingered and licked her.

Having been with Lisa many times before, I knew exactly which buttons to push to get her where she wanted to go. While sliding my finger in and out of her, I slurped and sucked her clit while riding the wave of her rocking hips. Her hands went from her own tits to my hair, holding my head in place as she humped my face. I knew that the faster she moved, the closer she was getting to cumming, so I just kept up what I was doing as her pussy got wetter and wetter. She was breathing heavily and occasionally moaning as the pleasure she was feeling continued to build. When she started to sound as though she was panting and her hips were moving faster than a hula dancer's, I knew she was right on the verge.

Her pussy was engorged and flooded around my finger as her orgasm prepared to wash over her. Finally, with a low moan, she started to cum, forcing her pussy against my tongue and finger. I kept going as she rode out her orgasm, only raising my head once she'd relaxed on the bed again. My cock was throbbing and ready for some attention of its own, so I stood up and started peeling off my shirt. Lisa sat up and opened my shorts as I cast my shirt aside. She yanked my shorts and briefs down, my rigid tool popping out in her face as I reached down and started pulling her shirt up over her head. I stepped out of my shorts as I pulled off Lisa's shirt, standing before her naked while she sported only her heavy duty bra. She took my cock in her hand and stroked it, then rubbed it against her nipples, which were pressing through the thin material of her bra.

Releasing my cock, she reached behind herself and unclasped her bra, letting it slide down her arms and revealing her sumptuous titties. Instead of taking my cock again, she slid backwards on her bed, lying flat in the middle of it, but pushing her tits together. She knew me as well as I knew her and was offering one of my favorite things. I climbed onto the bed and straddled her ribs, laying my stiff rod between her tits. She pushed them together, enveloping my tool in the warm, soft flesh, and I started sliding my cock in and out of her cleavage.

I always loved fucking Lisa's big tits and this night was no different. I leaned forward, holding onto her headboard, and just slid my tool between her globes while she held them together. She would jut out her tongue, trying to lick the precum from the head each time it appeared. I straightened up and reached behind me to play with her pussy while fucking her tits and found it to be still dripping with juices. Deciding against blowing my load on her chest and face, I raised my ass up, pulling my cock from her cleavage, and guided it toward her mouth. While continuing to finger her pussy and stroke her clit, I slid my cock in and out of her warm, wet mouth, fucking her face.

Her lips and soft tongue felt fantastic sliding up and down my tool, so I quickly felt my orgasm approaching. I considered just blowing down her throat and fucking her in the morning, but her pussy felt so slick and juicy that I wanted to take advantage of all of her charms and fall asleep with my cock sticky with her pungent nectar. Pulling my cock from her mouth, I moved backwards down the bed and knelt between her spread legs. Lowering myself over her, I guided my rigid tool into her waiting pussy and thrust deeply into her, causing both of us to moan.

I started slowly fucking her, knowing I wasn't good for much longer but trying to draw out the pleasure as long as I could. Her pussy felt so good – snug and slippery – and she was raising her hips to meet my incoming thrusts, her legs wrapped around mine. We were making out again as I started fucking her, but as we went at it longer and harder, I was licking her ears and nibbling her neck while thrusting deeply into her. Her breathing was starting to come in gasps, so I was pleased to realize that she was verging on another orgasm. As I felt her pussy getting wetter and slicker, drawing my own orgasm ever nearer, she was pulling me deeper into her with her hands on my ass.

Finally, she groaned and I felt her shuddering as she came. I was only able to thrust into her a few more times while she was cumming before I started to cum myself. With a grunt, I started spewing my load deep into her juicy pussy as an intense feeling of pleasure washed over me. I continued to thrust until I was completely spent, then pulled out and collapsed next to her on the bed. We lay there catching our breath for a little while before I realized that I needed to pee. I got up and headed out the door, not bothering to put anything on, and ran into a similarly naked Rob as he came out of the bathroom.

It must have been some sort of serendipity because I heard a noise and turned to find Jim ascending the stairs, naked and carrying three fresh beers. As he handed us each a beer, I noticed that his hair was wet and asked him about it. In a soft voice, he started telling Rob and me that once Rob and Ruth had disappeared, he had start whispering suggestively in Carolyn's ear. She told him that he was a dirty boy and that, perhaps, they needed to take a shower in the master bathroom. He didn't even know there was a master bathroom, so he'd just followed her upstairs and through Lisa's parents' bedroom. The shower was a good size stall without a bathtub and they were both quickly naked and under the warm spray. They lathered each other up and teased each other mercilessly with her paying particular attention to his rigid tool and dangling balls and him stroking her hard nipples and clit.

We all knew Carolyn to have a bit of a wild streak, but we (Jim included) didn't have enough personal experience to know if it extended to include her sex life. When Jim's soapy fingers found their way between Carolyn's ass cheeks and he daringly slipped one finger into her ass, he was as surprised as we were when she let out an "oooh" and her smile got as wide as her eyes. As he slid his finger in and out of her ass, she maneuvered herself around to present her ass to him before handing him a bottle of shower gel. He slipped his finger out, poured the gel so that it ran down the crack of her ass, then lined his tool up with her anus and gave a shove. He said she let out a noise like he had never heard before, not exactly a cry of pain or a moan of pleasure, but something almost animalistic.

He grabbed her by the hips and slowly started sliding his cock in and out of her tight ass, slick with shower gel. She braced herself against the wall with one arm while the other worked over her pussy, fingering her hole and massaging her clit. Jim couldn't believe that he was actually fucking Carolyn's ass but definitely savored the moment, leaning forward to fondle her breasts while he did so. She was very quickly pushing her ass back to meet his incoming thrusts and moaning softly, though it echoed through the tiled enclosure. He was expecting to blow a load of steamy cum into her rectum, but she ended up cumming before he did, making his cock feel even better as she did. Before he had a chance to cum, too, however, she pulled away from him causing his cock to pop free. She suggested they get cleaned off and get out of the shower.

Jim didn't know whether he'd be slipping back into her ass or not, but he didn't care that much because he had at least had the opportunity to do it once. They rinsed off, turned off the shower and toweled each other off, Jim's hard-on still raging. Carolyn didn't let him down, lowering herself to sit on the toilet while drying his cock, then taking it in her mouth and sucking it while fondling his balls. The master bathroom was not all that big, but there were a number of large mirrors, presumably to make it look bigger. While Carolyn slid her lips up and down his tool, Jim looked around at their reflections in the different mirrors, enjoying the many different perspectives. He was starting to feel his orgasm welling up when Carolyn stopped and asked if he would fuck her some more. Jim smiled and nodded.

Carolyn stood and moved past Jim to lean against the countertop, presenting her ass to him again. He slipped into her pussy first, figuring he'd get himself good and lubed up before trying to penetrate her tight ass again. Once he was in there and felt how good and slippery she was, he didn't have as much desire to pull free again. Looking around, he could see reflections of his shiny cock sliding in and out of her as well as seeing her hand between her legs massaging her clit. His orgasm was quickly welling up again so, holding her by the hips, he was fucking her harder and faster, the sound of his hips smacking against her ass echoing through the small room.

Her pussy seemed to be feeling even more hot and slippery the longer he fucked her. He felt his cock beginning to swell and his orgasm looming over him, so he slowed down his thrusting and pushed into her as deeply as he could. Finally, he couldn't hold back any longer and started to spew into her. As his cock jerked within her, she let out a cry and, before he was fully spent, she experienced another orgasm. Once they separated, they moved from the bathroom to Lisa's parents' king-size bed. They snuggled for a bit before Jim had a hankering for another beer. He didn't bother to pull on anything because he'd never expected to run into anyone and had decided on a whim to grab two extra beers, intending to leave them outside of our respective closed doors.

Indicating Lisa's door, he raised his eyebrows and said he'd heard some very passionate noises coming from that room, asking if it had been me. I nodded and, standing naked in the hallway drinking our beers, I detailed what Lisa and I had been up to. When I'd finished, Jim and I focused on Rob and how things had gone with Ruth.

It had been Ruth who had suggested that they slip off upstairs to her old bedroom. They'd climbed onto the bed and started making out and rolling around, him humping her or her humping him while he played with her small tits through her shirt. Eventually, she'd moved down the bed and worked to open his shorts. Sliding them down, his big tool had popped out and her eyes had gone very wide. That didn't surprise me or Jim because we both knew that Rob was hung better than the both of us. If we hadn't known it before that night, we would have realized it anyway as we all stood naked in the upstairs hallway.

She'd wrapped her hand around it and stroked it for a few minutes before running her tongue around the head and up the shaft a few times. Finally, as though building up her determination, she wrapped her lips around it and took as much as she could into her mouth. Rob moaned as the warm wetness engulfed his tool and watched as she went to work sliding her lips up and down it, over and over. He'd gotten pretty worked up while they'd been fooling around and it had been a while since he'd gotten laid, so he knew it wouldn't take much before he blew his load. He made a mental promise that if he was able to cum down her throat that he would eat her pussy until she begged him to stop. He hadn't been laid in a while, but it had been longer since he'd blown a load down a girl's throat.

With his arms behind his head, he lay there muttering encouragements and watching as Ruth slid her lips up and down the top of his shaft while one of her hands pumped the base and the other gently fondled his balls. He couldn't help but push his hips up each time she came down his shaft, encouraging her to take it as deeply as she could. She did a fantastic job of drawing out the pleasure much longer than Rob would have expected to be able to last. Part of that was her varying technique, including pumping his cock while running her tongue over his balls or running her tongue up the underside of his shaft and around the head. He felt a sense of relief when his cock began to swell and the pleasurable feelings built to a mighty crescendo. She was bobbing quickly up and down on his tool when he finally began to spurt into her mouth.

She swallowed down every drop he shot, then nursed his cock as it started to go limp. When she let it fall from her mouth, she stood and peeled off her shirt as Rob watched with interest. He could see her hard, pointy nipples poking the cups of her bra as she opened her shorts and let them drop to her ankles. She was very thin, but looked extremely sexy standing before him in just a bra and skimpy panties. The bra had a front clasp, which she popped open, exposing her small, pert tits and hard pink nipples surrounded by small aureoles. Her bra slid down her arms to the floor and she grabbed the sides of her panties, pushing them down as well. When they hit her ankles, she stepped out of them as Rob admired her thin physique and trim, dark brown bush.

Ruth moved toward the head of the bed and climbed onto it, straddling Rob's face. Now it was his opportunity to pleasure her as she had so well for him. With one hand on her ass, he immediately plunged a finger into her slippery, slick pussy and attacked her clit with his tongue. She grabbed handfuls of his hair, moaning as she pulled his head closer to her pussy. He pumped his finger in and out while licking and sucking her clit, causing her to moan even louder. She was quickly rocking her hips rhythmically, gently humping his face as he ate her out. He felt her hand sneak back to find his limp cock, which she began to gently stroke. He was surprised that his cock actually started growing again so quickly under her attention.

He let the hand on Ruth's ass move just enough to slip his fingers between her cheeks and, as he licked and sucked her clit while fingering her pussy, he also started massaging her anus with his fingertip. He started feeling her sort of convulsing occasionally as he worked on her and assumed that meant that she was getting closer to cumming. She was still humping his face and stroking his growing tool as her breathing rate continued to increase, her orgasm quickly approaching. As Rob's tool neared rock-hardness again, Ruth let out a cry and began to shake above him. He kept licking and sucking and fingering as she came, stopping only when she raised herself up and started moving backwards down the bed.

As she was telling him how good he'd been, she was positioning his cockhead at the entrance to her pussy and settling herself down on it. She was slick enough that his cock slid into her without too much difficulty and, once it was completely embedded, she just sat on it for a minute or so. 

Rob ran his hands up and down her thin thighs and fondled her tits as she started moving slowly up and down on his shaft. Once she got comfortable with his big tool buried inside her, she started moving faster, moaning ecstatically at the feeling of him filling her. He ran his hands up her thighs, over her waist and up to her perky tits while pushing his shaft up into her each time she came down. Her pussy was so snug and slippery that it felt outstanding as she rode his cock and he would have been content to just lie there letting her ride him all night long. After a few minutes of riding him, Ruth suddenly started to convulse as an orgasm washed over her. She didn't stop, though, and continued riding him as she came and after she had finished.

Her pussy felt even better as a result of her orgasm and Rob knew he'd be filling her pussy with his cream pretty soon. He grasped her ass and was pulling her down hard on him as he thrust up into her, pursuing an intense orgasm. It continued to build as he slid his stiff tool in and out of her snug pussy. She was starting to breathe heavily again and he suspected that she might cum again before he did. His suspicions were validated when she let out another cry and he felt her pussy getting hotter and wetter again. Before she'd even finished cumming, Rob was shooting into her pussy, grunting with pleasure as he did.

She'd lay on top of him until his cock had started to slip out of her, then had moved off to lie next to him. He got up a few minutes later to use the bathroom and had run into me once he was finished and was on his way out. All of this information had been shared in the course of a few brief minutes, but we didn't want our partners to wonder where we had gone and decided we'd better get back to it. Jim looked at the door to the master bedroom, then at Lisa's door and said that he sure would like to experience Lisa's big tits. I encouraged him saying that if we didn't attempt a swap, we'd never know if we could pull it off. I still hadn't peed, so I went and did that while they thought about it. When I came out of the bathroom, Jim was in front of Lisa's door and Rob was at the door to the master bedroom. I went to Ruth's door and we all reached for the doorknobs.