 By the time we'd finished sharing our respective stories, we were all pretty much sporting wood again. I walked into Ruth's room and closed the door behind me. As she looked up, expecting to see Rob returning, I was checking out her naked, thin body laid out on her bed. My cock continued to grow.

She propped herself up on her elbows, staring obviously at my tool, and asked me what was going on. I pretended that I'd entered the wrong room and that I'd been looking for the girl who really liked cock. I turned as if to leave and she responded by asking who'd said that she wasn't the girl who liked cock. I walked over to her bed, where she'd moved to the edge, and stood with my cock close to her head, setting my beer down on her nightstand. She reached out and took my cock in her hand, stroking it and fondling my balls before raising her head and taking my tool into her mouth. It didn't occur to me until later that she was probably tasting her sister's pussy as she started sucking my cock. I reached down to fondle her tits and stroke her hard nipples as she slid her hot mouth up and down while she still fondled my balls and pumped the base of my shaft. She was very talented at cocksucking, but I also wanted to fuck her, so eventually I slid my cock from her mouth and started stroking it myself as I moved down the bed.

Ruth didn't even say a word, just rolled onto her stomach in the middle of the bed and brought her knees up under her so that her ass was up in the air. I climbed onto the bed and kneeled between her legs, running my hands over her ass before taking my cock in hand again and guiding it to her pussy. I pushed the head inside, then grasped her narrow hips and slowly pushed the rest of my shaft into her hot, slippery pussy. Once my hips were pressed against her ass, I slowly extracted myself then pushed back into her again. I started out fucking her very slowly, relishing the feel of her snug and slippery pussy on my shaft, but gradually picked up the pace the longer I fucked her. At some point I realized that I was not the only one stimulating Ruth. She had both of her hands under her and was working on her clit while my cock slid in and out of her pussy.

I could feel Ruth's pussy getting even wetter as she brought herself closer to an orgasm and, consequently, was fucking her harder, expecting to cum shortly after, if not right along with, her. She was moaning softly with each thrust, pushing her ass back toward me as I pushed into her. With my hands gripping her hips, I was pulling her back against me as I pushed into her as deeply as I could. Her pussy continued to feel better and better when all of a sudden she cried out and I could feel tremors within her pussy. I continued to fuck her as she continued to cum, but when she'd finished, she pulled away from me so that my cock popped out of her.

She rolled over onto her back and beckoned me toward her. I maneuvered on my knees up toward her head as she reached out for my cock, stroking it in her hand as I brought it closer. Once I was kneeling over her head, she took my cock into her mouth and started to suck it again. I held onto her headboard and started fucking her face while she pumped the base of my cock and fondled my balls. She was able to remain lying with her head on her pillow while I slid my cock in and out of her hot mouth. I had been on the verge of cumming while fucking her and, between her mouth and her two hands, she quickly had me back there. I was sliding in and out of her nice and easy, appreciating the feel of her mouth and preparing to release my load into it.

Ruth was doing an outstanding job of stimulating me so it wasn't long before my cock started to swell. The pleasure I was feeling was immense, capped by the explosive climax as I emptied my balls into her mouth. She milked me entirely dry then I pulled my cock free and flopped beside her on the bed. We lay there talking softly as I played with her tits until she decided that it was her turn to make a bathroom run. I propped myself up against the headboard and grabbed my beer, wondering if she would be coming back or if someone else would be joining me. I hadn't heard any ruckus out in the hallway as we'd all joined different partners, so it appeared as though everyone was open-minded on that night. It wasn't until later that I found out what had happened to Rob and Jim after we'd parted ways.

Rob had walked into the master bedroom with his big tool swinging and obviously caught Carolyn by surprise. As she ogled his big cock, causing it to continue growing, she asked where Jim was. Rob told her that she had been too wild for Jim and that he'd had to send in the stunt cock; she didn't appear to have a problem with that. He set his beer down and crawled up onto the bed as she spread her legs apart for him, but he didn't crawl all the way up on top of her. He was surprised to note that Carolyn's pussy was shaved smooth and wondered why Jim hadn't mentioned it. He could never resist eating a smooth pussy, so he lowered his head and began kissing her inner thighs and the soft flesh around her pussy. When he finally ran his tongue up her slit, he found it overflowing with her pungent juices. He slurped them up for a bit, then slipped a finger into her, finding her pussy both slippery and snug.

Carolyn was writhing around, obviously enjoying herself, as Rob licked and sucked her clit while sliding his finger in and out of her smooth pussy. She had both hands buried in his hair and was humping her pussy against his face. Rob's cock was a rock and he ended up having to adjust his position so that he wasn't uncomfortable having it trapped beneath him, but he wanted to give Carolyn an orgasm before he fucked her. She seemed to be on track, so he kept up what he was doing while enjoying the taste of a pussy he'd never had the pleasure of experiencing before. As her movements got faster and her moans got louder, Rob knew she was right on the brink. Her pussy got even wetter and more engorged around his pumping finger as she started to tense up. With a low moan, she finally went limp and shuddered as she came.

Rob didn't let up until he was sure she'd rode out her orgasm, then raised his head and crawled up over her. Taking his tool in his hand, he guided it between her lips and slowly pushed it into her slippery pussy. It didn't take a lot of effort because she was so juicy, but she definitely felt snug to him, which wasn't a surprise given the size of his cock. What did surprise him, though, was that once he started slowly stroking in and out of her while lowering his face to hers to make out, she came again within the first dozen or so strokes. Her pussy felt amazing, but after she came, it felt even more so. Her increased flow of lubrication made it even easier for Rob to slide in and out of her, so he picked up his pace and already felt an orgasm building due to her hot pussy.

They made out for a while, but the longer he fucked her, the more she started moaning again, so he started kissing her neck instead. She pulled her legs up as she spread them wider and he ended up pushing them up onto his shoulders while pushing her knees against her tits. She was out of her mind with passion, whipping her head back and forth while pulling him deeper into her with her hands on his ass. When she came again, she felt so damn good that she pushed him right up to the brink himself. By the time she was recovering from another intense orgasm, his cock was swelling within her and, finally, he exploded into her with a moan of relief. He kept sliding in and out of her, thrusting hard with each spurt, until he was completely spent and starting to soften. Instead of collapsing on top of her, he pulled out and lay beside her, kissing her tenderly.

Jim said that his eyes had nearly bugged out when he walked into Lisa's room and saw her succulent jugs as she lay there on her bed. She was surprised to see him but he was so taken in by her tits that he never said a word or responded to any of her questions. As he set down his beer, sat down on her bed and took a tit in each hand, fondling them before lowering his head to lick her large, hard nipples, her voice trailed off as she noticed his growing cock. While he licked and sucked her nipples, she reached for his cock and began to stroke it. When he raised his head and looked into her face, he asked if he could fuck her tits. She smiled and nodded; it wasn't the first time she'd ever been asked and she actually kind of enjoyed it. He got up and straddled her midsection, laying his cock between her tits, which she then squeezed together around it.

Since he didn't need to hold her tits together while he fucked them, Jim reached around behind himself and ran his fingertips through her bush. While sliding his cock in and out between her succulent breasts, Jim ran his finger up and down Lisa's slit, then lightly massaged her clit. She moaned and wriggled her hips while also playing with her own nipples as she held her tits together. Jim was in seventh heaven tit-fucking Lisa and Lisa wasn't complaining about Jim's attention to her tits and her pussy. She asked him if he liked her tits and Jim's response gave no doubt that he was fascinated by them. She then asked how he'd like to have them hanging in his face while she fucked him. He didn't even need to reply; he moved off of her and they pretty much switched positions.

Lisa reached behind her and guided Jim's rigid tool to her pussy, then lowered herself onto it, moaning. Jim reached up as Lisa leaned forward, her hands on either side of his head, and took her dangling tits in his hands. While Lisa slid up and down on his tool, Jim fondled her knockers and pushed his hips up to thrust his cock deeper into her. He raised his head to lick and suck her hard nipples while still fondling the full, soft flesh of her tits and felt his cock grow even harder as a result. Lisa moaned, feeling Jim's girth filling her and his lips and tongue on her nipples. She had already cum twice that night but was feeling incredibly horny about being with a second partner and knew she'd be cumming again soon.

She tried to pace herself and found that she couldn't; she was bouncing rapidly up and down on his tool feeling her orgasm drawing closer and closer. Jim never wavered in his focus on her tits, though he did keep up with her pace as he thrust into her over and over. Lisa's moaning was becoming more of an insistent cry each time she slammed herself down onto Jim's cock. Finally, she slammed herself down one more time and just sat there, her orgasm coursing through her entire body. Jim kept fondling her tits and sucking her nipples until she opened her eyes again and asked him if he wanted to finish off himself between her tits. He nodded eagerly.

They switched back to their original positions as Lisa reached for a bottle of lotion that she kept at her bedside. She drizzled her cleavage and Jim's cock with the lotion, then set it aside and squeezed her tits together. Jim started pumping his cock between her tits, moaning at the feel of the soft flesh and the slippery lotion. He took over holding them together so that he could brush his thumbs over her nipples, so she rested her hands on his thighs. He had felt an orgasm beginning to build as she'd been fucking him, but it seemed to be building even faster as he fucked her tits. He could feel his cock beginning to swell and the pleasurable feeling building while his balls dragged across her sternum. He contemplated pulling out of her cleavage and cumming in her mouth, but he couldn't bring himself to stop long enough.

He kept up his pace as his orgasm loomed and finally started shooting his load onto Lisa's chest and chin. Reluctantly, he removed his cock from her cleavage once he was spent and moved to lie down beside her as she rubbed the lotion and jizz into her chest. They had been lying there for a few minutes when Lisa's door opened just slightly and Ruth gestured for her to come out.

We never heard exactly what went on during their hallway meeting, but none of us was really surprised when the only girl we hadn't yet fucked came walking through our respective doors.