 My best friend Seth invited me over to his parents' house for a party. His parents were on vacation for the next couple of weeks, so all the more reason for throwing a party. Earlier in the day, Seth and I went to the liquor store and bought some kegs of beer along with your usual junk food...potato chips, pretzels, and nuts. We bought plenty of beer and food because he was expecting a lot of people to come over. We got everything ready at his house, got all the kegs set up, put all the ice in the buckets along with the drinks, and we were pretty much ready to go. 

This was during the summer, so the plan was to have the party outside in the backyard. His parents had a nice pool along with a deck and basketball court. There was plenty of room to have a party outside. The party was not to start until later in the evening. So, I went home to take a shower and told him I'd come back later. Later that evening when I arrived around 10:15, there were some people there, mostly his cousins and sisters. Seth has 3 sisters...Susan, Angela, and Andrea. They're all younger than us, Susan being 21, Angela and Andrea both 18. Seth and I are both the same age, 26. Out of his 3 sisters I would have to say that Angela is the prettiest. 

She has long, dark brunette hair with blue eyes, and a beautiful face as well. I went inside the house and Angela was in the kitchen getting the food ready. 

"Colin, hey how are you?" 

As she came closer we gave each other a friendly kiss on the cheek. 

"I'm fine, what have you been up to?" I said. 

"Uh, you know, the usual...school and work." 

I said, "So, how's that working out for you?" 

She responded, "Not too bad, I've been so busy lately that I'm glad my brother decided to have a party tonight." 

I said, "Yes, I agree, I've had a long week. I'm ready to unwind." 

Just as our conversation was finishing her other sisters came in the room and we all greeted each other, and basically, shoot the shit for a little bit before I went back outside to see what the other guests were doing. Seth was outside having a drink as one of his cousins was setting up the music on the pool deck. 

"Hey man, you ready to have some fun tonight?" Seth said. 

"You know it!" 

I helped myself to a beer and began to talk to some of his cousins. As the night went on more and more people starting to come to the party, and by now we were in full gear, probably about 40-50 people showed up. Everybody was outside, drinking, some were smoking, and some people decided to take a dip in the pool. The music was nice and loud, and there was a good vibe going now. Seth was talking to some women over by the basketball court while I was standing on the pool deck talking to a couple of women of my own. 

At this point, I think had about 5 beers, so I was getting a pretty good buzz going. As I was drinking my beer I looked around to check out the scenery and noticed Angela talking to some guy on the other side of the pool deck. Angela and I made eye contact and I lifted up my beer cup towards her as if to say "cheers", even though she didn't have a drink in her hand. 

She gave me a smile and then excused herself from the guy she was talking to and walked towards me. The women that I was talking to ended up excusing themselves when they saw Angela coming and they went to mingle elsewhere. 

"So, are you enjoying the party?" Angela asked. 

I said, "Yep, so far so good, how about yourself?" 

Angela responded, "Well, I think I'd be having more fun if that guy in the blue shirt wasn't bothering me all the time." 

When I looked to see who it was, it turned out to be that guy she was having a conversation with. 

"You mean that guy you just spoke to a few minutes ago?" I said. 

"Yes, that's him. He's so drunk, he has been following me around all night and I've been trying to avoid him, and he won't leave me alone." 

Not a moment too soon as she said that, the guy in the blue shirt was making his move by coming over towards Angela. 

She put her hand on my arm and with a disgusted look on her face said, "Oh, God...he's coming after me again." 

I joked around with her and said, "Hey, do you want me to throw him in the pool or something?" 

She laughed when I said that and asked me for a favor. 

I said, "Sure, what is it?" 

"Can you pretend to be my boyfriend? That way he'll probably get the picture and leave me alone." 

I said, "Ok, sure...I'll play along, but I'll let you do all the talking." 

As soon as I said that the guy in the blue shirt came up to us. I had a little smirk on my face when he came by because he looked to be Antonia's age, and I started thinking back of how I went through all that when I was his age, basically, I've seen everything up to that point since I was 8 years older. 

"Hey, Annabelle, what's shakin'?" 

"My name's Angela," as she looked at me and rolled her eyes, I was being careful not to laugh. 

"R-Right, sorry about that." 

He looked at me for a little bit and I then introduced myself with a handshake. 

"Hi, I'm Colin." 

"Uh, yeah...I'm Doug, h-how's it goin' man?" 

Before I could answer, Angela put her left hand on my back and said, "Doug, this is my boyfriend." 

When she said that, he had this perplexed look on his face as if he was trying to figure out a calculus equation. 

"B-Boyfriend?" 

"Yes, we've been dating for a couple of months now." Angela responded. 

I didn't really say anything all I did was nod my head in agreement. Even though Doug was drunk out of his mind, he was still shrewd and probably realized that he was being fed some bullshit here. 

"N-Now, let me get t-this straight." (Hiccup) "Y-You two are d-dating?" 

I jumped in and said, "Yes, we're dating" and then took a sip of my beer. 

He looked over at Angela and she realized this wasn't really going according to plan, I guess she figured he was going to walk away, but instead he was beginning to analyze all this. 

"Y-You didn't mention a-anything, bout no boyfriend to me b-before when I was t-talking to you." Doug said. 

"Well, I guess you weren't really paying attention because I told you my boyfriend was here," Angela said in a defiant manner. 

I looked at Angela and she looked back at me as I took another sip of my beer wondering if this guy is going to take the bait or not. 

"W-Well, if y-you two are a c-couple, then prove it," Doug said. 

Angela and I had a somewhat startled look on our face when he said that. 

I said, "Did you say prove it?" 

"Yep, that's what I said," as he took his last gulp of beer. 

So, without hesitation I put my beer cup on the pool deck and placed both my hands on Angela's face and began kissing her passionately. 

As we were kissing I overheard Doug say, "W-Well, I guess t-that proves it alright, time to get another d-drink." 

Angela and I were still kissing each other before we realized he walked away. 

"Uh...wow...well...I, uh...I, guess we fooled him, huh?" Angela said. 

"Uh, yeah...we, uh...fooled him, I guess he won't be bothering you anymore tonight," as we both stood there kind of mesmerized by that passionate kiss we just had. 

I was about to slouch down to pick up my beer cup when Angela touched my arm and said, "You know, I...Uh, wouldn't mind if we continued to pretend we were boyfriend and girlfriend." 

I nearly knocked down my beer cup when she said that, and I looked at her staring into her beautiful blue eyes and said, "I would like that as well." 

After I said that we both gave each other a smile and then she took my hand and led me inside her house through the dining room and on our way upstairs to her bedroom. Along the way, there was a couple making out in the living room, and I could only imagine what Angela and I would be doing upstairs. The whole time we were walking upstairs we were holding hands, and once we got into her bedroom she closed the door and Angela and I started to make out passionately. We were still standing kissing each other and thoughts of her brother (my best friend) was starting to run through my mind now. I realized that if I kept thinking about her brother I probably wouldn't have been able to perform to the best of my ability, so I quickly stopped thinking about him, and concentrated on Angela. We now moved onto her bed, still fully clothed, I laid on top of her kissing all over her beautiful face as she led out some moans. 

As we were kissing each other she looked up at me and said, "You know, I always thought you were attractive." 

I thanked her for the compliment and I then replied, "I always thought you were the prettiest out of your sisters." 

She gave me a smile and we proceeded to make out. We were both turning around in her bed making out and once she ended up on top of me she started unbuttoning my shirt. I was wondering if she was actually a virgin, because she was only 18, but I do remember her dating some guys before, so maybe she wasn't. 

At this point it really didn't matter to me as she slowly took off her top and revealed to me once of the prettiest tits I'd ever seen. They were very nicely proportionate for her body frame. My shirt was now open and Angela was now topless as she was unzipping my pants. 

She pulled my pants down half way, along with my boxer briefs and said, "Oh baby, I love those boxer briefs you have on, now you're really making me hot." 

The way she said that almost made me cum as she took my cock into her beautiful mouth. I let out some moans as she was sucking my cock, and the way that she was sucking me, made me believe that she experimented with this before. She had your typical girl-next-door looks, the kind of girl that's prim and proper, but eventually turned into a slut as she was sucking on my rod. 

"Mmmmm, Mmmmm, Mmmmmm." 

She kept sucking me as I looked up to see her head bob up and down. She didn't really me give a look as she sucked me, but I didn't care, she was fully concentrating on my love tool and doing a good job of it. She gave me a nice long blowjob, and when she finished she proceeded to take the rest of her clothes off, as I helped myself by taking off my jeans and shirt. She asked me if I had a condom because she wasn't on the pill, and she wasn't being rude to me for asking because she knew I was a clean guy, but she believed in safe sex. I told her that I had one and I agreed with her philosophy on safe sex, although haven't always practiced it. Angela and I were now naked and I got on top of her and started kissing her again. 

She had a face where I could picture myself kissing her all night, but she also had other parts on her body that I wanted to experiment with. I started to move down her body after kissing her neck, and began sucking on her tits. She really enjoyed that because I took my time on her tits, making sure I spent quality time on both. As I was moving down her body I noticed she had a small tattoo of a dolphin by her pussy. Now, if I had any doubts before that she was a virgin all that was thrown out the window now that I realized she had a tattoo by her pussy. I commented on her tattoo, which turned me on even more, because it looked very sexy on her. 

She thanked me, and after seeing that tattoo I got even more anxious sticking my hot tongue into her pussy. I began licking her clit slowly, making sure by getting it nice and moist. She gave out some nice moans as I started eating her out slowly. Her pussy smelled nice, kind of like a lemon I guess you could say. I spent quite a bit of time on her pussy and she really enjoyed it as she was kind of tugging on my hair every now and then. 

She kept panting, "Oh, oh, mmmmm." 

She was turning her head back and forth for a little while and at one point she just sat back and enjoyed my hot tongue in her pussy. Most of the time I was eating her out with my eyes closed as I enjoyed her sweet juices in my mouth. When I was finished I got up and went to get the condom and she just looked at me, gave me a wicked smile as if to say, "Your hot tongue really turned me on down there." 

She was still lying on her back as I was putting on the condom, she spread her legs even more for me as we both gave each other a sexy smile. I rolled the condom onto my cock, but I wasn't ready to fuck her just yet. I made sure my cock was hard as steel when I put that condom on, which it was. I decided to finger her pussy now. I think I caught her off guard now, but in a good way. She was expecting me to fuck her now, but I still wanted to play with her beautiful pussy. I was on my knees and I stuck my right index finger into her pussy, and she gave out a nice moan. I started off slowly with one finger, and realized how tight she was, so I slowly added another finger. I had 2 fingers now into her pussy sliding back and forth slowly. She again gave out some moans. 

"Oh, oh, yes...mmmm, ah, oh, that feels so good." 

She had her eyes closed as she was turning her head one way then another. My fingers in her pussy felt very nice, especially her hot cum sliding off my fingers. 

My fingers were sideways, and as I was sticking them in and out of her, she said, "Fuck me faster with your fingers." 

I obviously did what she asked of me and now I was sliding my fingers in and out even faster as she was starting to moan even more now. 

"Ah, yes, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, yes." 

The faster I was fingering her the more she started to cum. I felt my fingers getting moist now, which was turning me on even more, I thought my condom was going to break open how hard my cock was getting. She eventually came, and when she did I stuck my face back down into her pussy and began eating her out again. 

"Oh, god yes, mmmm, oh yes," she gasped. 

Her pussy juices really felt good in my mouth as I was licking her to the last drop. 

She looked up at me and said, "Nobody has ever eaten me out like you did." 

I told her that I really enjoy giving women oral sex, and she replied with a smile, "Yes, it really shows." 

Now, I was ready to fuck her. Instead of inserting my cock in the missionary position, I took her arms and pulled her up towards me. I was on my knees with my legs folded, and my cock ready for attention. She sat on top of me and began to fuck me. She put her hands around my neck as we kissed passionately and fucked at the same time. 

"Oh, yes, oh, oh, oh yeah, your cock feels so good!" 

I was kissing her neck passionately as we held each other tight. My hands were all over her back and her hands were around my neck, clinging to one another and not letting go, as if we were caught in the middle of a tornado. 

She then laid on her back again as I put her legs in the air and kept them up with my arms as I put my feet up and started to lunge deep into her pussy. I wanted to see just how far I can bring her legs back, and she was fairly well flexible as I got them pretty far. I felt my muscles working overtime on my arms as I was keeping her legs back. I kept pounding into her pussy as I was looking straight ahead with my eyes being closed most of the time. I glanced down on her on occasion to see her facial expressions. Her eyes were closed and she was enjoying every minute of it. 

"Ah, yeah!" "Oh, oh, yeah, oh, oh, oh God, ah, oh, yeah!" 

This was a good position for us as I blurted out, "Oh, fuck," more than one time. 

This position can take a toll on your arms, and especially legs, if you're not that fit. 

We stopped that position, but I still enjoyed fucking her while she was on her back, so we did a slight variation and continued to fuck her while holding her legs on the side. I slid all the way in and out, and she took my cock with a comfortable motion. I was then fucking her while holding her thighs, and they felt very nice. I started fucking her even faster now. 

"Oh, oh, yeah, fuck, ah, oh, oh yes!" "Oh, Angela your pussy feels so nice and tight!" 

I kept fucking away, wondering if anyone will hear us upstairs, but it seemed most of the party was still outside, and Angela's moans would be drowned out by the music being played on the pool deck. 

"Oh, God, Colin, oh, oh, yeah!" 

I slowed it down a bit as my legs were getting kind of tired, it was now time for a new position. 

I pulled out and noticed she was feeling a bit weary, but not out of it yet. We switched positions as I was on bottom now, and she climbed on top of me. 

"Oh, oh, this feels nice." 

She began to ride me slowly as I laid there like a corpse. I was giving my legs some rest. She was riding me slowly at first and then came closer to me to give me a kiss. We started to make out again as I put my hands on her back and her hands towards my face. 

As she was fucking me slowly, she whispered, "You've made me cum so many times now, I've lost count." 

As I was kissing her face, and lips and neck I responded, "Hmm, Angela, you're making me crazy right now, I can't get enough of you." 

Apparently, that must of turned her on because she gave a slight moan and we were now shoving our tongues down each others throats as she continued riding me back and forth. 

I was on the brink of climax, as I held back slightly, wanting to do one more position with her before I came. 

I looked into her eyes as we locked into a sexy stare and said, "I want to fuck you doggy style and then drop a huge load inside you." 

She said, "Hmmm, you can fuck me any way you want." 

We continued to kiss, and then she got up and we adjusted into the doggy style position. I knew this was going to be our last position before I came, so I made sure I did her right with this one. She got on all fours and spread her legs for me as I stood behind and watched her hot body get in motion. I teased her a little bit with my cock slapping it against her ass. 

She turned around and said, "You like teasing me, don't you?" 

"Yes, of course I do." 

I didn't wait long before we got down to business. I stuck my cock into her pussy and starting pumping her doggy style. I held my hands tight on her lower back, and I was pressing and pumping at the same time. 

"Oh, oh, yeah. That feels so good!" 

I started off slowly, but then began to pick up speed when she gave out her sexy moans. I was fucking her faster and faster now as she was putting her head and arms closer to the pillow. 

"Mmmm, hmmm. Ah, yeah. Oh, oh, fuck." 

She kept tilting her head back and forth on the pillow as I was fucking her harder and harder. 

"Oh, yeah! Mmmmmm!" 

She was huffing and puffing as I was pumping away, and I could feel my cock about to explode soon. 

"Oh, fuck...Oh, Angela. I'm gonna cum in your hot pussy!" 

"Oh, yes! Oh God! Cum inside me!"

As I was pumping in and out, I reached climax and shot a huge load inside her pussy wondering if the force of my jizz broke through the condom or not. I felt a jolt of tingles in my body as Angela's face was buried between the pillows and her hands grasping tightly on them. 

"Oh, Oh, fuck...God damn! Whew! Holy shit!" 

I leaned forward as she was still on her stomach and gave her a soft kiss on her lips. Her pussy was all wet now as I unrolled my condom off, completely drenched. I continued to kiss her all over her face as she looked like she was about to dose off any minute. 

"Oh, Colin...That was amazing." 

"Yes it was." I said, running my fingers through her hair.

At this point it was getting late, and from the looks of it, the party was probably over as we didn't hear the music outside anymore. I looked out the window and noticed that it was getting lighter outside. 

"Well, Angela...It looks like I'll be going now." 

"I enjoyed our role playing very much tonight," she said.

She got up half way to give me a kiss and she lied back down on her side and dosed off. I covered her up with the blanket as I was putting my clothes on and walked out of her bedroom. As I was walking downstairs, with my shirt unbuttoned, I heard some giggles towards the bottom. It turned out to be Angela's brother (my best friend) Seth with some chick. It looks like he hooked up with someone that night as well. His bedroom was on the first floor. 
