 If you had asked me three days ago if I would have thought about cheating on my husband, I would have said without a doubt “no.” Believe me it is not because we have an exciting sex life, quite the opposite, it is horrifically boring, but he is a good man, and we get along pretty well and he puts up with crap that I know no one else would! I knew years ago, that he was not a sexual dynamo but I really thought that I could make do with the occasional fuck before bed, and a nice collection of vibrators.

I guess I was wrong. 

Life is a series of routines and I made sure that mine included a vibrator at least a couple of times a week. It was working for me quite nicely, until last week. Let me back up and tell you a little about myself. I am average height dark hair, green eyes, damn near 40, and like many of my female counterparts, could stand to lose some weight. Now while I don’t think I’m ugly by any means I am certainly not the “oh my god did you see her” kind of girl either. Sure, I get looks, especially when I do my hair and put on make up, but really… what’s the point? My husband doesn’t care what I look like, and even on my best day, he barely notices. 

Anyway, enough of my skewed view of the state of my appearance. I work in a male dominated field, which suits me just fine because I get along with guys much better than I do women. I am flirty by nature so being surrounded by men makes my job that much more interesting. You already know that I am knocking on the big 40, and like most nearing middle agers, I am fast becoming one of the oldies at work and it really sucks! 

One of my better friends recently got a job outside of the company, and I decided to throw a going away party for him and his wife. I invited a few people over for a farewell shindig. One of the cute young boys, Jon, who works in the department, was planning on coming. He lives about 60 miles away, and I knew that we were going to be tossing back a lot of booze, so I told him that he should just plan on spending the night. 

We had alot of fun playing with that … all of the things that “could” happen if he got drunk or worse yet. I got drunk… and naked. We joked around like that all of the time, so I really didn’t give it too much thought; it was just another day at the office, besides,

Jon was way too young, way too cock sure and entirely too arrogant for me. 

Jon had slept with only god knows how many women – hell lets be honest, girls. And of course, if he were to be believed, he had little trouble satisfying each and every one of them with his endless talent. And I can’t count how many times he’s told me that they keep coming back for more. Most of the conversations went something like this: 

“Chicks dig me.”

“Of course they do, what is not to love about you?”

“That’s right, what’s not to love. You’d love it too.”

“Yeah, I’m sure I would, but let’s not fuck with the fantasy. I’m too old and too fat to be getting naked with you!”

“Whatever.” 

I have to admit that he is easy on the eyes, and I can’t help checking him out whenever the mood strikes me. Like the day before the party he was looking particularly fine and I let my eyes work their way over his chest, down to his crotch, back up to his lips and finally his sexy blue eyes and admit to myself sadly that if I was only a few years younger I’d give him a run for his money. 

He’s not one to be outdone and smiles when he catches me, he does give as good as he gets and he cocks his head to the side and lets his eyes travel down to my tits, linger there for a second and then look back at me and smile. 

My nipples got so hard that there was no way he couldn’t have noticed, what a shame he’s so young. With a sigh, I spun my chair around and got back to work. It’s a little hard to concentrate with the heavy feeling in my chest and the tingling in my crotch and I can only thank god that I have the vibrator in my purse for the ride home. Come on 4:00!

Party Time. 

The party is in full swing, and Jon is still not here, pity. I had a dream about him last night, I don’t remember all of it, only that he was standing behind me with his hands shoved into the front of my pants playing with my clit, nibbling on the side of my neck, and that I had a fantastic orgasm just before the alarm went off. I almost bought him a thank you card, but I don’t think they make one that says, “Thanks for the wet dream!”

The drinks were stiff, and it wasn’t long before the shots came out. I was getting a nice buzz going on but knew that I had to start pacing myself or I would be passed out long before the party was over, and I couldn’t let that happen, I didn’t want to miss any of the fun. While the night was a success in terms of a going away party, I won’t bore you with the details, let’s just say that most people had a good time and were out the door by 2:30. 

Jon and I were the only ones up and decided that taking a dip in the hot tub was the thing to do. Of course he didn’t have a suit, I convinced him that he could go in – in his underwear, besides who was going to be looking? Everyone was asleep, and the back yard is pretty dark. I don’t wear underwear, so stripping the jeans and t-shirt off were out of the question, besides I hardly wanted to traumatize him with my way out of shape body, so I went into the house in search of towels, underwear, and a robe. 

The water was heavenly, and we sat there in silence for a few minutes enjoying the feel of the jets pulsing against our chilled bodies. I felt his foot brush against mine, but didn’t think too much of it, people stretch out in the hot tubs, they touch, it happens. But it happened again, this time sliding higher on my calf. I looked over at him, and even though it was dark, I could see the half smile on his face grow wider as his foot slid to my thigh. 

I only thought about it for the slightest fraction of a second before turning my body towards his. His foot slid against my crotch and I thought that I would fly out of the tub. I heard someone walking around inside the house and I tried to turn away but he brought his other leg up and pinned my knee against the side of the tub, didn’t look at the window to see if someone was watching, he just pushed my thighs apart and slowly started moving his foot towards my crotch. I opened my mouth to say something when his toes slid under the material of my thong and caressed my clit, after that I couldn’t think, I might have forgotten to breathe. 

He chuckled and asked if I was all right. I didn’t trust myself to say anything so I leaned my head back and concentrated on not making a sound, when all I really wanted to do was scream, “Fuck me!”

I couldn’t keep my hips from pushing toward him. I couldn’t keep my hands from holding his foot against my pussy so I could grind against him. A light in the house flicked on and I dove to the dark side of the tub. Jon didn’t waste any time sliding over to my side and replacing his foot with his fingers.

I wanted to feel him inside of me. I wanted to feel him stroking me. I was too chicken shit to say a thing and I wondered for a second what he was doing with someone like me. I wanted to ask him if it was just the liquor when he smiled a cocky little smile and pushed two fingers inside me, he knew what I wanted. His kept pushing until the palm of his hand rested against my clit and he put his arm around me and pulled himself towards me. The second his lips touched mine he withdrew and drove into me hard enough to slam me back against the side of the tub. 

It was phenomenal. It was stupid. My husband was just inside the house; he could wake up at any second and look out the window. Wouldn’t that be a surprise?

I said, “I’m ready to get out,” and slid over to the side and grabbed my robe. 

Jon didn’t bitch; he just said that he was going to stay in the tub for a little while longer. He reminded me that he didn’t have anything to sleep in so I offered him a pair of sweats. I went up stairs to change and get the sweats, my husband was snoring away so I tip toed into the bedroom, grabbed the extra sweats after I changed into a big t-shirt and baggy flannel pants and was about to leave the room. What the hell was I doing? I was outside, not 12 feet away letting some guy feel me up, and loving it mind you, while my husband was sleeping like a baby. I couldn’t do this. 

Jon was in the basement so I walked quietly down the stairs and held the sweats out to him. His hand touched my wrist and I thought I would cum right there and then. 

“Here’s your sweats.”

“Yeah,” he said, and pulled me closer to him. I wanted to resist. I wanted to pull away. 

“I really can’t do this.”

“No?” His had slid against my crotch. My legs felt weak.

He looked at me, brought his hand around to the back of my head, and kissed me. His lips were hot, his tongue was hot. His hand moved quickly from the outside of my clothes to the inside, parting my wet lips smoothly. His fingers moved like lightening against my swollen clit. He knew just where to press, how hard, how fast. I don’t know when his hand left the back of my head, but my hands were touching his face. His lips. Holding him against me. 

I forgot how sensual a kiss could be, forgot how much I loved kissing. His teeth grazed my lip, I bit back. My legs parted and he slid a finger inside of me. I couldn’t be silent. I moaned. He drove in deeper and shook his head out of my grasp. He started kissing the side of my neck, the one spot that has a connection straight to my crotch; he bit along the top of my shoulder just hard enough to drive me wild. 

The floor creaked overhead. Someone was awake. “I can’t. . .”

“You can’t,” he repeated, and took my hand and wrapped my fingers around his cock. He wasn’t completely hard, and he was enormous. My mouth watered and I started stroking him slowly. It was his turn to moan. He grew in my hand, he was rock hard, and I wanted to feel him inside me. 

“I. want . . .” he didn’t let me finish. He took my hand away, pushed me against the wall, lifted my leg onto the table beside us, and shoved his cock into me until his pelvis slammed against mine. I bit my lip so hard to keep from screaming that I tasted blood. 

He pulled out until the head of his cock was just barely inside of me and I was ready for another body crushing thrust, but he moved slow, so slow. He penetrated me inch by exquisite inch, stopping every couple of seconds to withdraw just a little bit before pushing deeper inside. I felt every vein, every twitching muscle. When he was fully seated, he grabbed my ass cheeks and started to grind against me in tight circles. I could feel an orgasm building. 

“Oh... yes….” I moaned… 

“Don’t do it.”

I could barely think … “What?” 

“Not yet.” He stopped moving, lifted my leg off the table, and hooked his arm just under my knee. 

I shook my head, “not yet?” 

He leaned into me, pushing my leg back against the wall. I could feel every single inch of him throbbing inside of me. He withdrew and slammed me back against the wall. My body was on fire. Every nerve was screaming. 

He put his fingers between our bodies and rubbed my clit.

“Oh… God” I whispered… 

He moved his hand to the wall beside my face and ground his cock into me. I could smell myself on his fingers; I wanted to see what I tasted like on his hand. I turned my head and took his fingers into my mouth, looked him in the eye and sucked. His whole body jerked. He ripped his hand from my face, lifted my other leg into his arm, and slammed into me over and over again. 

I wanted to scream, “Fuck me…” but couldn’t form a coherent word, my entire body tensed. Jon said, “Now.” And my body exploded. The second my pussy started throbbing with an orgasm he stopped moving completely and held me impaled against the wall by his huge cock and let me feel every twinge of pleasure, he took nothing away from me, and gave me everything I needed. When my body stopped trembling, he still didn’t move and I knew he hadn’t come. 

I started to slowly grind my hips…He pressed against me and shook his head. Our breathing was ragged... He filled me so completely that I could feel my heart pounding in my pussy, throbbing against his hardness. He tilted his head back and started moving me to the rhythm of my heart beat. It was heaven. I felt him shudder, he looked into my eyes, I felt him explode against inside me, and I had another mind blowing orgasm. 

It took several minutes to come back down. When it was over, I didn’t know what to say. I couldn’t believe that I had done it. What would I say to him at work on Monday? When everyone woke up in the morning? Could I hide it from my husband?

“It’s just between you and me.” he said, and kissed me on the cheek. 

I nodded. “I have to go to bed.”

“Yeah?”

“Yeah.” I said, and started up the stairs. He grabbed me from behind and spun me around, jerking my flannel bottoms down at the same time.

He slammed his cock into me once, withdrew, stood me up, spun me around and said, “Sweet dreams,” then pushed me up the stairs. 

We have never talked about that night, and no one ever found out. I was worried that it would change our friendship but it didn’t, and now at least when I pull the vibrator out I don’t have to search for a fantasy, he’s sitting right across the aisle.