 We all just laid there, recovering from some of the best sex I have had in the same room with others. All of our panting had slowed down to a normal pattern. My cock has since left the comfort of Kari's ass and was very comfortable resting between her cheeks. 

We were both on our sides with my arm around her, touching and feeling her breasts. Kari and I were still slowly moving against each other. Everything about her was soft. Her hair, skin, breasts, pussy, ass and lips were all soft and gentle to my touch. 

Jake and Kaye were also recovering. Jakes cock had since gone down, but was still inside Kaye's ass, moving slowly in and out. Kari and I just kind of watched them slowly move with each other back and forth. Kaye had her eyes closed, moaning softly and Jake kept having his way with her, fucking her ass with his monster cock. 

Kaye brought her one leg up, allowing Jake to move his cock deeper and allowing Kari and I to view Jakes cock moving in and out. I would say that even though Kaye was able to take all of Jake inside her, she was still turned on and wasn't going to stop now. 

Jake told Kaye to stay on his cock as he grabbed her and rolled on his back. Kaye still had Jakes cock inside her ass, but she was also on her back resting on Jakes chest and belly. Jake opened his legs and reached down and opened Kaye's legs. With all the lights on in the room, there was nothing hidden from view. 

It was then I noticed Kari's breathing becoming very rapid now. She reached back and started pumping my cock with her free hand. With my free hand, I moved it down from her breasts to her swollen bare pussy. Moaning louder, Kari opened her legs for me and let me feel inside her soaked pussy. 

There comes a point when a guy knows that the woman he is with is way turned on and wants attention......now. Kari had gotten to that point. She turned to me, kissed me and told me to stay with her. She then got up and moved over in-between Jake's and Kaye's legs. I got up to stay close and watched as she reached for Jakes balls and started to softly squeeze, kiss and lick them. 

Kari's ass was up high with her legs hanging over the side of the bed. Somehow I knew what she wanted from me. 

I moved between her legs and started playing again with her ass. With her one hand, she reached back to start stroking my cock. Kari's hands were gentle in her touch on me. In no time at all, my cock was ready. Kari sensed this and guided me back to her ass. With Kari pushing back and me pushing forward, my cock slipped back in her with no problems. 

We didn't need any KY this time. All of my cum that I had pumped inside her provided us with more than enough lubricant to get back in. Fucking Kari for the first time in front of Kaye and Jake was a turn-on. My cock was still rising and Kari was getting more vocal and excited. 

Looking in front of Kari, I watched as Kaye was shifting into hyper-sex. Jake was moving freely in and out of her while Kaye kind of rose up a little off of Jake to let him fuck her. I was watching Kaye's pussy swelling when Kari's head rose and blocked my view. 

I could still see Kaye's facial expressions from Jakes monster cock fucking her ass when Kaye suddenly produced a new expression. She rose a little and looked down at Kari in shock. That's when it hit me that, not only do Jake and I like to eat and suck on pussy, so does Kari. 

Like the facial expressions one has the first time they have sex, I was looking at Kaye being pleasured by a woman for the first time. Kaye looked at me and saw my excitement of watching her being fucked in the ass and being sucked on by the woman whom I was ass fucking. 

I started nodding my head in a yes response and this seemed to break down some barriers Kaye may have had about women pleasing other women. I have heard that only a woman can properly please another woman since they both know what feels best to them. This was no exception. Kaye started moaning more and closed her eyes while being ass fucked and pussy licked.

My own cock was back to its hardness as I worked in and out of Kari. She had moved her head back down to Jakes balls to suck on them. Kaye's wet pussy shown more brightly now in the light since Kari had been tongue-bathing her. Kari's head moved from cock to pussy, over and over, pleasing both while having her own ass drilled and fucked. 

As if on cue, we all started getting close to our release. I was the first to say so, then Jake. The girls were more turned on than I had realized and both told Jake and I not to stop and to let them cum. Jake and I increased our pace and the girls matched our fucking stride for stride. Pushing and pulling. Moaning and begging. We all came with a mixture of yesses and mores.....over and over.

We all kind of collapsed on each other. Jake and Kaye stayed where they were. Kari moved forward and to the side of Jake and Kaye with me behind Kari. The moaning didn't stop but after a while did slow down. After we all caught our breath, I got up and went to the bathroom with Kari right behind me. 

I was standing in front of the toilet when Kari came up behind me and asked if I needed an extra hand in aiming. I said yes and she softly took hold of my cock and aimed it. Jake and Kaye then came in and saw what was going on. Kaye then took Jakes cock in her hand and also aimed it at the toilet. Kaye is the only other woman whom I have let hold my cock when I was taking a pee and it was fun to have Kari doing the same now. With both Jake and I just having the best sex all day, we had a load to release and the girls were only too happy to make sure our cocks hit the spot. After we were done, I suggested the girls wash off and Jake and I would fix another drink.

While the girls showered, I told Jake that I thought Kaye and I were having a great time with them. I said I knew Kaye just loved him for fucking her the way he was. I also told him that Kari was just a terrific sexual woman. Jake told me that there have only been a few women who wanted him to shove his cock inside their ass. 

He said Kaye really turned him on when he was all the way inside and she kept asking for more and to fuck her even harder. He also said that watching Kari fuck me the way she did also turned him on. Watching her while she watched him was good for both of them and kept their relationship exciting. 

The girls came out of the bathroom all clean and refreshed. They had decided that since we were so good with our cocks, they would treat us to a three way in the shower. What a deal! Kari got a quarter off the table, flipped it and told Jake to call it. "Heads" he said. "Tails it is" she said. With that, both of them took my arms and led me to the shower. Kaye turned her head to Jake and told him that he was invited to watch.

Kari, Kaye and I got in the shower and turned on the water. Jake came in with his drink and sat on the toilet. He said he probably has the best sex show view of anyone in town. The girls agreed and reached for the soap and shower wand. Kaye had the water, but Kari had the soap. With Kaye wetting me down, Kari started soaping me up. 

The water and their soft touch made this the shower I always wanted. Kari moved to my cock and balls and soaped them up well. She worked on them for a couple of minutes and then did the same to my legs. When I was all covered and soaped up, Kaye started at my head and rinsed me completely down to my toes. 

I looked down at them both and Kari told me not to forget their treat. I asked them what that was and they both bent their knees and moved down to my cock. With Kari sucking me in, Kaye started on my balls. They did this for a couple of minutes, then switched with Kaye sucking my cock and Kari sucking on my balls. 

All I could do is watch them work on me. A couple of times, their faces met and they softly touched their lips together in a quick kiss, then resumed their cock and balls sucking. 

After they had again turned me on, they both stood up, giggled and said that I was turned on and that it was Jakes turn. I just smiled and knew that later on, I would be able to unload this buildup of cum inside me.

I grabbed a towel and dried myself off, laid the towel on the toilet and sat down for their show. They did the same to Jake that they did to me. Kaye was no longer coy touching or sucking on Jakes cock in front of us. She still had a little trouble fitting it inside her mouth, but enjoyed it all the same.

Kaye and Kari also stopped a couple of times to let their lips touch and to give each other a soft kiss while sharing Jakes cock. I got the feeling that this wouldn't be the last I would see of them getting close to each other and kissing. 

When they were done with Jake and he also was turned on, they all got out of the shower. I handed them each a big fluffy towel and told them each what a great show they put on for me. They each thanked me and the girls said there more sex to come. This caused my cock to jump a little and just made Jake smile all the more.

We all went in and the girls sat down on one of the beds. Jake and I then made a round of drinks for them. I sat down on a chair as Jake got out a home video movie they had made. He turned it on and also sat down on a chair to watch. 

It seemed that Jake and Kari have many different friends they have fun with in many different ways. One thing was for sure, Kari was very bi-sexual. I was just amazed that the same woman I had been fucking was also the same woman in bed with another woman. Kari was really getting into it on the TV when I heard a moan from Kaye.

Looking over at them, it seemed that Kaye was still turned on and loved the attention she was now getting from Kari. They were in each others arms when Kari, obviously turned on with seeing herself with another woman on the TV, decided to get up, leaving Kaye on the bed panting.

Kari went over to the drawer, opened it up and took out a toy she had. It was a double-dong dildo, just right for woman to woman pleasure. Kari also grabbed the liquid KY and got back on the bed.

With Kaye on her back, Kari made herself comfortable in front of her. Grabbing double dildo, Kari poured KY all over it. She then laid on her back and with all of us watching her, she inserted one end of one of the dildo in her pussy and worked it in deep. Holding the dildo up, she laid it down in front of Kaye.

Kaye gets the idea and moves on her back towards Kari. Reaching down, Kaye took the dildo and worked it in her pussy. If I didn't see it, I wouldn't have believed it. 

Kari and Kaye were on the bed, on their backs with a double headed dildo connecting their pussies. They each started moving against each other. Movement from one would push the dildo deeper inside the other. 

Each of their heads were on opposite edges of the bed and were quite a sight. Kari and Kaye were rocking back and forth, up and down and side to side. You could see the dildo moving in and out of each of them, making them even more excited. 

Seeing them squirm at each other and knowing how much Kaye loves sucking cock, I moved over to her and placed my cock at her lips. Realizing what was touching them, Kaye opened her mouth and sucked me in. I felt her tongue wrap itself all over the head and shaft. She started moaning and I reached down to pull and squeeze her breasts. 

Looking over at Kari, I see her really fucking Kaye on the dildo. Jake moved over and with his monster cock at full size, also places his cock at her lips. Kari doesn't disappoint him as she opens wide for his movement. Jake also reached down and took Kari's large breasts in his hands and pulls and squeezes them all around.

Everyone is moaning now and obviously enjoying what is happening. With Kari's toy, we're able to fill each of their pussies and mouths. Watching this turns me on even more as I feel Kaye suck, bite and swallow my cock.

Feeling my balls again filling, I pull out of Kaye's mouth. Jake must have had the same idea as I watched him pull his cock out of Kari. Jake and I each trade places as we watch the girls keep humping at each other with their connecting dildo. 

Kari watches me move towards her as I watch her tongue come out and lick her lips. I come close enough to her so that my cock just rests on her lips. Kari starts to kiss, lick and finally, sucks my cock deep inside her. 

Looking up, I watch Kaye smile as she watches Jake move up to her with his huge cock and rests it on her lips. Kaye doesn't waste any time as I see her stick her tongue out, open her mouth wide and suck his cock inside. Kaye brings her hands up and starts pulling and squeezing Jakes balls. 

I hear Jake moan as he starts pushing deeper and deeper inside Kay's throat. Watching in amazement, I watch as Kaye actually takes Jakes cock all the way down inside. I watch her throat expand as his cock works its way down, then back out, over and over. Kaye times her breathing with her cock-sucking of Jake. 

I look down at Kari as she too works my cock deep in her throat. It only takes a few movements for her to swallow me down to my balls. Working my cock in and out of her throat, I feel her tongue licking my cock as it's swallowed and brought back out. Over and over she does this as she also times her breathing to her cock-sucking skills.

It's just all too much for me to handle. I'm holding back my cum for all I can. I do manage to let some slip and reward Kari with a spurt or two of my overflowing cream. Kari, knowing full well what cum tastes like, moans softly when she tastes it.

I can tell the girls are close to coming after fucking each other with their connecting dildo. Jake tells Kaye that he is close to coming and I do the same with Kari. I hold off for as long as I can as I watch Kari, then Kaye explode. I hear Jake moaning out loud and tells Kaye he's coming down her throat. Kaye just moans, fucks back to Kari and squirms in her own release.

I feel Kari explode under me and grabbed her breasts to hold on. I can't wait any longer and let Kari have all my cum. I have never had my cock down a woman's throat that far when I came. I felt Kari's throat open, then close all around my cock as I unloaded spurt after spurt inside her. 

I feel her teeth and lips on my shaft as she starts milking my cock. I then feel her hands reach up and tenderly squeeze and pull on my balls to get the last of my cum. I feel more working its way to my cock, then explode out inside her in wave after wave that overtakes me. 

We all slow down and the girls come to a stop. I move back from Kari and she reaches down to pull the dildo out of her and Kaye. She moves over to me and I help her to the other bed and leave Jake and Kaye to moan and recover on the other. Kari and I fall into each others arms and rub our hands over each other. 

We all recover and agree it's been one great evening. Kaye and I agree to spend the night there with Jake and Kari on one condition. Kaye insists on sleeping with Jake in one bed and Kari insists on sleeping with me in the other. Jake and I are only too happy to agree with this as we turn the lights off and settle in for the night with our newfound friends.