 Party Favors:

Teacher-Student Reunion 

Leanne had a way about her... a certain mystical charm which drew you to her like a moth to a flame and would ensnare you in her carnal web of lust and desire. Once ensnared, all were hopelessly enslaved and unable to escape her wicked charms, yet who would complain. I know I certainly wouldn't.

What was it that drew people to her like helpless sheep to the slaughter so willingly, knowing that they would be forever imprisoned by her, yet still submitting to her wanton desires.

Was it her crystal ice blue eyes which could peer into your soul and awaken latent desires long suppressed or was it her pouting full ruby read lips that begged to be kissed. Maybe it was her shoulder length chestnut brown naturally curly hair which she so playfully and teasingly put in front of her face like a innocent little girl begging you to come out an play, yet she was far from innocent. 

Perhaps it was her sumptuous 5'8" 125 pound 34C-24-34 body which she so elegantly and gracefully strutted out on the dance floor as her body moved in perfect unison to the pulsating rhythms spun by the DJ.

While out on the dance floor, she would gyrate and her body would beckon people to dance with her, yet she was very particular who she danced with. Very rarely would a man stand a chance with her but yet she loved to tempt and tease them. 

Her favorite tease was to sensually and seductively run her hands over her body concentrating on the "vital areas" and wearing skimpy and revealing clothing which left very little to the imagination, just enough to make you want to see more. 

Her other tease which could run a close tie to her favorite way to mercilessly tempt men would be when she would dance with her girlfriends or even some girl she never met before in the bar. 

The way they would dance as they put their arms around each other's waists, passionately French kiss, rubbed their hot sweaty scantly clad bodies together as their pussies grinded together while they danced together would be just short of X-rated and was reminisce of a show you would find two hot girls doing on stage at a private strip club.

After Leanne had you in her clutches, what kept you there? Perhaps it was the way those pouting ruby red lips wrapped themselves around your cock as she went down on you, taking your tool all the way in her warm wet mouth and sucking you dry. She would use her tongue and lick around your cock head and up and down the shaft as she would massage your balls.

Taking your cock back into her mouth she would drink you dry as you spewed your hot manhood. Leanne would swallow it all down not missing a drop and her motto was "Good girls suck but bad girls swallow."

Perhaps another way she kept you coming back for more was the way she made love to you. Maybe it was the way she rode you cowgirl style as her golden bronzed tan body moved up and down and her shaven pink pussy gripped the sides of your cock and milked you dry. Try to imagine her sweet sugar walls gripping the sides of your cock and stroking it like 1000's of satiny smooth velvet fingers. 

As she would ride you she would pull you up and allow you to suck on her sumptuous breasts as she held your head there and your bodies rocked back and forth in perfect unison.

Also try to imagine her warm soft hot sweaty body underneath yours as you fucked missionary style. Her little body would writhe under yours and her perfectly toned short little dancer's legs would wrap themselves around you as her long torso rubbed up against your body.

Your bodies would melt together like warm butter on the finest fresh baked pasty and you would move together as one. Your souls would be mystically united as the world around you slipped away. Time and space would lose all meaning and you would be caught up in your own universe aware only of the other and without saying a word you would intuitively know what the other wanted.

As your passions rose higher and higher your pleasures grew stronger and stronger and your orgasms grew ever closer until you both climaxed in unison. She would flood your cock with her hot sticky nectar and you would spew your hot manhood forth deep into her waiting pussy like a massive erupting volcano which had been long dormant and had just awoken.

If the sexual gratifications weren't enough to keep you ensnared what other possible ways could she keep you from ever wanting to leave her side. The answer probably lied in her mannerisms and womanly charm.

Apart from being a sensual and seductive party animal and a insatiable lascivious wanton slut in the bedroom, Leanne had a softer side, a charm, elegance and grace about her that was just as evident and just as much a part of who she was.

Even though she was a total insatiable slut in the bedroom, she was very much the lady in public and be the first one to help anybody who needed it. Perhaps she could be faulted for being too caring and generous, but again I never have heard of compassion ever being a personality weakness that needed to be worked on.

When it came to intimacy, however, she was very selective in the men she allowed in her life not only because she could because she had what every guy wanted sexually, but also because of the fact that once committed, she was fiercely loyal to her man and treated him like a king.

Leanne would go out of her way for her special man and would stand behind him in all that he did and would do all that she could to encourage him to reach for his dreams. Leanne would also make her man feel special, dress for him in certain ways if he wanted her to, and not only stand with him during the good times, but would be willing to walk with him through the fires of life and together, hand in hand, they would face whatever life handed them.

In short, Leanne could be considered a modern day "June Cleaver" or even "Harriet Nelson," but with a twist. Not only was she a totally devoted loving housewife and domestic partner, she was a career woman as well, who balanced both with grace and charm.

"How do I know so much about Leanne," you may be asking yourself, well let's just say that I am the lucky man who won her heart and affection but un beknownst to me I had it the first day she walked in to my sphere of influence and those affections would lie dormant for years until we were reunited as fate would ordain a certain summer's eve.

It all started few years ago. I had just finished my undergraduate in mathematics with a minor in computer science and had graduated early(that December). During my last semester in school, I had interviewed with a number of reputable companies but had my heart set on working with a well known and well sought after defense contractor.

However, there would be one little snag that would briefly stand in my way from landing a job with them... they were in the middle of a hiring freeze that would last for what they estimated to be about 19 months.

They were very interested in hiring me but they couldn't until their new facility was built in my area which would bring over 1500 jobs to the area. I signed a contingent contract offer which stated once the plant was built I would be hired as a systems analyst. 

It was contingent on my area winning the bid to build the plant. You see I wanted to stay in my area if at all possible seeing that I had been left a nice lake side cabin by my parents when they retired back east to be with my mom's family.

While I was waiting to be hired I made use of my time. A friend of mine suggested I teach math while I waited on the company to be built here and so I did. I was hired on to replace a math teacher who took an early medical retirement and was given a Junior class homeroom.

It was one of the five county schools in our area which was rated class 4-A in athletics(roughly about 1250 students). I taught 3 sections of Trig/Advanced Math, one section of Pre-Calculus and one section of what came to be known as "senior math"(math for those who just needed an easy credit to graduate). 

Of the other two periods of the day one was taken up by duty(during lunch) and the other was my planning time. Any how, Leanne would arrive to the school just a few weeks before I did as a junior and was assigned to my home room. 

I remember the first day I saw her. She was looking very stunning in her white sweater and grey skirt and I could tell she was going to be quite popular and would eventually have the boys eating out of her hands. She also knew it and used it to her advantage. 

For the first couple of weeks she didn't say much to me but I could tell she liked me just by the way she kept watching me and finally she would eventually come up after homeroom and asked if she could aid for me on my planning period and I said sure.

During this time she would let her hair down around me and I came to find out she was what you would call a chatty Cathy, in that he would talk your ear off if you let her.

Leanne told me that she was an army brat and her father had been assigned here for 21 months but said when it came time for her to move again she was going to stay here. Leanne was tired of constantly not being able to put roots down and besides she confided in me that she fell in love with the natural beauty of the area with the lakes and mountains.

Over the rest remaining 5 months in school, I could tell we were getting closer and I could tell she was sending off signals that she liked me but I never acted on it for a number of reasons. First of all, I had a hard and fast rule. I never got involved with "Jailbait"(girls under 18). That was bad news and trouble and I wanted neither

Second, my standard minimum age was usually 21. On one rare occasions did I date someone between 18-21, but that was when I was in college and was attending a frat party. We were both pretty wasted and ended up fucking. When we sobered up she had the attitude like it never even happened so I never saw her again.

However my last rule which I added on the advice of one of my closest friends was to never get involved with someone under your direction such as a employee under you or in my case a student. He said to trust him on this and it would save a whole mess of headaches.

The next year and a half passed pretty much without incident although during her senior year Leanne had pretty much ramped up her affections for me and as I would come to find out she wasn't the only one who had the hots for me. Pretty much all the girls in my classes thought I was a "stud muffin." I guess I could see that seeing that at age 24 I had that preppie charm and pretty boy looks going for me.

Anyhow, Leanne would graduate but about a week before she did, she came down to my room all excited. 

"Guess what Mr. Johnson," 

"What's up Leanne" I said with a smile.

"My scholarship came through from Valley College," she replied as she ran up and hugged me.

"Congratulations sweetie," I said without thinking. "I knew you had it in you all the time. All you had to do is believe in yourself and you could accomplish anything you want.

"Thanks for believing in me Mr. Johnson," Leanne said with a smile as she hugged me tight, pulling her soft warm body to mine. "You are really special to me and I will never forget you."

"Well I will always be here for you no matter what," I replied with a smile. "Just because I won't be your teacher any more doesn't mean I won't stop caring for you. Anytime you need anything, just let me know"

"Thanks Mr. Johnson," Leanne said with a smile "You know, you are a very special person I am sure whatever girl is lucky enough to land you for herself will have a treasure."

"Like wise for you Leanne," I replied. "I have never met a sweeter, nicer and more caring human being. It has been a pleasure teaching you."

"It has been so very wonderful to have you as my teacher," Leanne said with a sigh as a tear began to come to her eye. "I am going to miss you so very much while I am away at school but who knows, our paths may just cross again one day soon," and with that she gave me a hug.

I could tell the chemistry was there between us and we so both wanted to take it further and kiss and much more than that but we both knew better of it. Little did we both know that we would be foreshadowing what fate had in store for us only two short years from now.

The next two years seemed like they flew by. I started to work for the company I had interviewed with 18 months ago and Leanne had finished Dental College in 21 months and was now a licensed Dental Hygienist and was working for one of the most reputable Dentist in town.

Little did I know that while at college, Leanne would let her hair down and become quite the party girl.. She worked hard and played even harder and used her beauty as both an asset and weapon.

I on the other hand. had become a Systems Analyst making almost 3 times my previous salary as a teacher(close to $72,500/year), so needless to say I was doing quite well for myself 

As far as my intimate life was concerned, I wasn't hurting for companionship. It turned out that I found out a lot of older women dug young looking guys and I found myself making love to many an older woman, some married, some single. We both knew it was a short lived thing and at first it was okay but as time went on it kinda wore old and I was wanting to find someone nice and settle down.

I had given up bars for looking and wasn't much in the church scene. To me that was almost a contradiction to look for a date at church. I tried the work thing but soon learned office romances can prove fatal.

So where to look. You know there is that old saying that says that when you least expect it, you will find true romance in the place you thought least likely. Well that is what happened on a ordinary June night. 

It was a Wednesday, just like any other and some buddies and I decided to let off some steam by going to a hot new club that had opened up about 9 months ago named Aladdin's Playground.

The club had opened on the ground floor of the Marriot™ and sponsored what they called "Pool Parties" with one of the local radio stations. Since we had just finished submitting and being awarded a large defense contract which was to last for five years we figured it was time to celebrate.

However that wasn't the only thing my buddies and I were celebrating. It seems that management had been quite impressed with my work on a number of projects so as a reward, they made me project manager and Mr. Harris, the company CEO told me to take the rest of this week and the following week off.

That turned out good for me because there were a number of things I wanted to do around the lake house, one of which was just to take time relax and fish as well as go boating.. 

After work we all met at Aladdin's Playground around 6:30 just as things started to get hopping. We sampled the finger foods and walked around the pool and had a couple of beers while we watched the people.

I looked over at the pool and much to my surprise I could have sworn I saw Leanne wearing the skimpiest 2 piece bikini I had ever seen which didn't leave much to the imagination but figured she would never frequent a place like this. However, I knew it was her. I could just tell by her mannerism and her walk, but before I could get over to say hello she was gone. 

Little did I know that she was here celebrating her birthday with one of her many close girlfriends. I saw her walk to towards the elevators but before I could find out which one it was they were gone.

"Let it go," I told myself. "It probably wasn't her anyway," I reassured myself so I went back to the party which by now had moved inside the club

I sat at the bar and watched the people dancing and even got out on the dance floor with a couple of young 25 year old Asian cuties. After about 20 minutes of getting down, we went back to our respective areas and that is when I saw Leanne again. 

This time, however I knew it was her. She was wearing a very short black one piece club mini dress that had a spaghetti strap on top and a low plunging u-shaped neckline and short skirt. It looked more like an undergarment than a dress. She was sitting at a table with some of her girlfriends smoking a cigarette had what looked like a margarita in her other hand 

Suddenly the DJ put on some hot tunes and Leanne made her way out to the dance floor and was dancing fairly provocatively with one of her girlfriends. Guys were lining up taking their chances to dance with both of them but she shut them down cold. It was funny to watch yet at the same time it made me want to take my chance but I decided to play it cool.

It wouldn't be long until Leanne would make eye contact with me and she would immediately recognize me. Moving her body in a seductive manner and pointing to me with her index finger and bending it back several times in a "come here" gesture, she beckoned me to come to the dance floor where she was.

I looked around to make sure she was pointing to me and I pointed to myself and she nodded her head and blew me a kiss. I got up from my seat and began to walk over where she was dancing.. 

However, I wasn't the only guy who thought Leanne was talking to him. Some rich preppy looking pretty boy type who obviously though he was "God's gift to women" by the way he had been trying to hit on every girl that came in the door beat me over to where Leanne was.

I thought I had been snubbed out by a another prep but much to my surprise and delight just as I was about to turn and walk away Leanne and her girlfriend pushed him away and did the "Shoo" motion at him. She then looked at me and held out her hand as she took it and led me out on to the dance floor. 

"Mr. Johnson," she said with big smile as she put her arms around my waist as we started to dance to music. "It's so good to see you again," 

"It's good to see you too Leanne," I replied as I moved with her. "And you don't have to call me Mr. Johnson any more," I added. "My name is Dave. I am not your teacher any more and since we are both adults, I think you have earned the right to call me by my first name."

"Very well, Dave," Leanne replied with a smile and then a naughty grin came over her face. "Well, Dave honey, since we are both grown up and since there is not that student teacher taboo anymore, have I earned the right to do this?"

Without warning, Leanne pulled me close to her and planted a long, deep, intense, tongue probing, tonsil swabbing, breath taking French kiss as she rubbed her warm soft body next to mine grinding her crotch against the bulging hard on that was growing ever so quickly in my pants.

At first I was taken off guard yet I wanted the kiss just as much as she had wanted to give it and I went with it and returned it just as intensely. Leanne took my hands and placed them on her butt just under her skirt and that is when I found out she wasn't wearing any panties.

As we broke the kiss, Leanne said with a lusty voice "Mmmmm I guess the answer to my question is yes."

"Most definitely," I replied, "and anything else you desire," I added

With that Leanne took me to a secluded L-shaped booth and we ordered some drinks while we continued our conversation in private.

"You don't know how long I have waited to hear that baby," Leanne said with a lustful purr kissing me on the lips again.

"About as long as I have been waiting if not more," I replied. "I must confess I wanted you the first day you walked into the door but I couldn't do a damned thing about it"

"But now you can sweetie," Leanne said with a smile as she slipped her underneath the table and placed it on my navy blue casual pants and began to rub my crotch.

"You can help me celebrate an important milestone tonight." Leanne added with a soft smile as she ran her hand over where my already pulsating cock was.
