 I went to a party thrown by my friends Bobby and Trish. Trish's cousin, Marta, was in from out of town. I normally am attracted to slim petite women, but Marta and I seemed to hit it off that night. Marta was on the chunky side, with wide hips and large breasts that hung down. She had long, strawberry blonde hair that fell down to her shoulders. Her and I danced and joked around almost all of the evening together. When it was time to leave, Marta asked if I would like to come to her motel room for a drink. My friends had some other people staying at their home and Marta decided to get a motel room as not to be all crowded in her cousin's small house.

I followed her over to her room and when we entered, Marta was all over me. I don't know if it was the alcohol or just generally being horny. She threw her arms around my neck and started kissing my mouth. I opened my mouth to her and we had a long, tongue kiss. After a few minutes of this, Marta started to tug on my belt buckle. She got my pants free and she managed to pull my underwear down. My semi-erect cock sprung loose.

"I knew you had a big one," Marta said to me. She got down on her knees and took my cock in one hand. Marta then slowly licked the tip of my pecker with her tongue. I thought I was going to lose it right there. Marta then surrounded the head of my cock with her lips and started going down on me. She slowly worked her way down to the root of my dick and then looked up at my face.

She would have seen me panting like a dog. I placed my hands on the back of her head and Marta continued going up and down my throbbing cock. Eventually she pulled off and stood up. She walked over to the sofa and started undressing. She revealed her big breasts that were topped off with long circular nipples. Her pants and underwear came off and I got a glimpse of her pussy. She was shaved way down and I could see she was already soaked down below. 

Marta lay down on the couch and motioned for me. I got in between her legs. I began to rub the head of my cock up and down her sopping wet hole.

"Are you trying to make me crazy?" She asked.

She reached out and guided my cock to her folds and I pushed into her. The air went out of her lungs and she moaned. I pushed in all the way and just held my cock there for a minute. I thought Marta would go nuts. She locked her legs around my back and I started to slide my dick in and out of her tight hole. After a few minutes I started to slam into her as hard as I could. I stretched my legs out and drove my cock into Marta.

You could hear the loud slapping noise of my balls ploughing into Marta ass cheeks. Marta was screaming loudly by now. 

"Fuck me Bill, please!" Marta cried out to me.

I kept slamming my cock into her, then I stirred my cock around in circular motions. I kept hitting her pussy walls and building up friction. How long we were at it I couldn't tell you. I just knew that Marta was having one orgasm after another. They were small ones and I wanted to push her over the edge. I pulled my cock out so just the head of my cock was in place. Then I buried my shaft into her pussy with long strokes. Over and over I drove into her right up to my nuts. The dam then broke.

Marta started to cum uncontrollably. She squirted her fluids all over my belly. It was like a hot shower of cum hitting me. I was so close when I finally couldn't hold on a second longer. I pushed in one more time and gave Marta my love seed. It seemed I just flooded her with my hot cum. Marta locked around my cock and squeezed me clean. After a few minutes of this we collapsed into each others arms. The sweat was rolling off of our bodies. We kissed some more and my cock slowly slipped out of Marta.

Marta then got to her feet. She was a bit shaky, but she managed to go to the bathroom and get some towels for us to clean up with. After that, we went straight to her bed. We continued to fuck that night. Marta somehow managed to make me hard again with her mouth. She then mounted me and rode me. As Marta slammed down hard onto my groin, I reached up and pinched her hard nipples. I then switched to taking her ass cheeks in each of my hands and pulling them apart. I brought my ass up off the bed and drove my thick cock into her pussy. Marta wanted it all that evening. I made her cum again as I reached for her clit with my thumb. I pressed on it as I fed her with my shaft. That last part pushed Marta to cum again. She just kept sliding up and down my pole until she finally had to stop and rest. 

We both woke up in bed together the next morning. Marta was supposed to head over to her cousin's house for breakfast. We got cleaned up and I left for the time being. I got a phone call later in the early evening. Marta needed me, she said. She had me and my cock on her mind the whole day. I went over to her motel room again and we had a follow up session. Marta told me no one had ever fucked her like that before. She wanted me and hoped I would want her from now on. We ended up fucking right up until the next morning.

Marta had to leave and head back home. We now have plans to pick up where we left off and Marta will be back in town in a few weeks.