 The whole thing began in the most innocent and innocuous way. The office had been working very hard for the last 2 months on the preparation of a very large building contract. Because we are such a large and complex construction company, we have the opportunity to bid on multi-million dollar projects and we have had huge contracts all around the world. The contract that we were working on was at best long gamble, but we knew that if we could pull it off, there would be big money it for the company and bonuses for all who worked so hard. We also knew that our main competitor was aggressively seeking to take it from us, and, as much as we wanted it, we felt that they probably had the inside track. Because of that, it came as a very pleasant surprise that we, instead of them, had been awarded the contract. The boss was ecstatic, and decided to throw a champagne party for the staff after the Friday afternoon closing. 

Today, we had had that party and it had been a good one. The various departments all gathered together and the speeches were plentiful and the beer, wine and booze flowed freely. There were the usual 'pep' and 'nose to the grindstone' speeches. There were also the 'we have the greatest staff in the world' type speeches, but the one that got to us all, was when the boss, almost in tears, said thank you. It was simple. It was sincere and it was personal. We were all touched by his candid sincerity. It was then that I noticed her. She was about 5'6', brunette, and the perfect weight/height ratio. Her shape was absolutely divine. Her legs just the right size and covered with white stockings. She had a grey skirt and jacket, a beautifully tailored white blouse, Her hair, though brunette, tended toward the darker side of that shade. She could almost have been called black, but the highlights, where definitely brunette. She had it cut in a pageboy style and it framed the most beautiful face that I have ever seen. She was simply stunning, and, believe me, the sight of her stunned me. I almost did a double take, which to my mind is about the most embarrassing thing a man can ever do in the sight of a beautiful woman. Collecting myself, I smiled at her, and, surprisingly, this lovely creature smiled back at me. Nothing more was exchanged, as the speeches picked up again and our attention were drawn elsewhere. 

Finally, the speeches ended and we were all invited to stay and enjoy the party. We were told that food had been laid on and the drinks would flow as long as there were people there to enjoy it. It was clear that no expenses had been spared to make this party a good one. Most of us, knowing on Monday that this party was in the works had made plans and warned our family's that we would not be home. It was no problem for me as I am a bachelor lately come from an intimate relationship that had gone terribly sour. I had purchased an apartment/condo about a year ago and Violet and I had lived in it, until she found another 'prick' that she like better. I learned from that experience, that while a big cock might be an initial attraction, it would not make a relationship. I suppose all the extra work that we engineers had done preparing the bid had cut into her 'screwing time'. If nothing else, Violet liked and needed to be fucked regularly – no not regularly – daily, hourly, every five minutes was more like it. Damn, that woman could burn a man out in no time at all. I can't say that I was sad when she left with Tony or whatever his name was. I was looking for some rest and relaxation. I like sex. I like it a lot, but a steady diet not a constant diet is more to my liking. All that is but aside because this party suggests to me that it will be a good one. We all have a lot of steam to let off and there is much to celebrate before we get called back to work so that we can build this monstrosity. 

We had milling about before the speeches were announced so the vision had just happened to be beside me. I had not planned it, but, if I had seen her before the speeches, you could be sure I would have planned the meeting. Any man in his right mind would have. 

When the speeches ended, I turned toward her, but she had gone. It was disappointed to say the least. I was hoping to start up a conversation with her. It was easy to do in these circumstances. You had also sorts of work-based questions that would eventually lead up to more personal questions. The work-based questions broke the ice and prepared the way to more intimate questions. Now, she was gone, and I was heart broken. I had noticed, (for I always make note of the important things) that she was without the ring, the one on third finger left hand. She looked liked fair game to me, and I felt that I might have been likewise to her. Alas, such is life. Well, I thought to myself, there is always the bar and a single malt would taste might fine just now. I headed that direction. 

As I approached the bar, I noticed my vision coming the same way. I arrived at the same time as she did, and so I said to her, "Can I order you a drink."

The Vision reply; "That would be grand. Could you get me a single malt scotch with just a touch of water, please."

I instantly fell in love. A vision with a taste for single malt scotch, who had ever heard of such a combination before. Most women hate scotch. They can see nothing in it that would ever tempt them to take it. It is a drink whose taste I acquired and, once acquired, makes all other drinks pale beside it. 

I said to the vision;

"WOW! A woman who likes single malt. You are a first for me. I generally get raised eyebrows and a look of disgust from those women that I have dated when I mention Scotch, let alone single malt."

"You obviously have dated the wrong girls." Said the vision.

"I am sure that you are right. My name is David and I am from the engineering department. May I be so bold as to ask your name? (I would have crawled over an acre of glass to get it at this point."

"Certainly! She said confidently. "I am Natalie, I am an electrical engineer working with the electrical department. What do you do in the engineering department?

"I am a structural engineer. I take those incredible shapes our architect designed and try to make some kind of engineering sense of them. I can tell this project is going to be a challenge to pull off. We are going to have to think beyond the box for this one. 

"David! It is David isn't it?"

I nodded in the affirmative.

"I think that this project will be a watershed for this company. If we can pull it off, we will set ourselves as a company to look to for other large developments. Whatever you do, you have to make it work. I want to be part of that new wave which we can be when this project is completed."

The conversation instantly translated into work based problems and challenges. Suddenly, we were on the same base, page and wavelength. The time began to take wing. The whiskeys arrived, were consumed and reordered. The conversation never seemed to end. We were so into what we had done over the last six months that we hardly had time for our stories and/or ourselves. Suddenly, it as 10 o'clock. We noticed that the crowd had thinned out considerably and the bartenders and food servers were packing up things. We both looked at each other, and then giggled. I said; "That went by quickly didn't it? Natalie said; "It certainly did. You know, I think that I am hungry."

"I think there is some food around here, isn't there?

"There was supposed to be some laid on." Said Natalie. 

We got up from where we had been sitting and went toward a table that looked as though it might hold food. When we arrived, we soon were aware, that, whatever had been there, was no more. There were very slim pickings. It was clear that our hunger was no going to be satisfied here. 

"Well! I think we blew it." Said I.

"David, I think we will have to look elsewhere for some food."

"Does that 'we' suggest that we will go together?

"We have been together this long, lets not break up a good thing." Said Natalie

"Any ideas of what you might like?" I asked her.

"Just a bite, sandwich, hamburger, pizza anything like that will do. I just want to take the edge off." Replied Natalie.

"Same here." I said "I wonder if Joe's is open?"

Joe's was a small restaurant close to the office where most of them would go grab a quick lunch. They made most of there money making take outs that were brought back to the office. 

"I am not sure that they would be open. Don't they just cater to the businesses. They couldn't have much of an after hours trade." Said Natalie

"Well, nothing ventured, nothing gained." Said I, "Let's go see."

Natalie said; "You will have to give me about 10 minutes then meet me at the elevator. I have to do a tour of the little girl's room and gather up my stuff."

"Same here, I said, "but it will have to be the little boy's room unless you are not modest. In that case, I will join you in the little girl's room."

Natalie laughed and said; "There are two reasons why that can't happen. One, the management frowns seriously upon the practice. Two, it is too soon." 

Having said that, she winked and made her way toward the lady's room and her office.

David paid his visit to the boy's room and was surprised by the time it took to pee. He had been a long time between visits. Then he made his way toward the office. He gathered up his stuff, packed his computer in the case because he knew he had some homework to do now that the project was to go ahead. A last check, and he went to the elevator. Natalie had not yet arrived when he got there. He pressed the button and hoped that the elevator and Natalie would arrive at the 25th. floor at the same time. It didn't happen and two more elevators came and went before Natalie arrived. 

"Sorry, I'm late." Said Natalie. "I never thought that I would get out the little girl's room. That must have been a record pee." She said candidly. 

David laughed and said; "I know. It must have been hours since I last went."

Then they both laughed. They pressed the elevator button, and subtly, almost unnoticed by both of them, they edged closer to each other. 

When they got out on the street, they noticed that lights on Joe's were on and there seemed to be people going in and out. That was a hopeful sign, David thought. At Joe's, they had yet another surprise. Joe was there. It was close to 11:30 in the evening and Joe was still there. 

"Hi! Joe!" said David "Working a bit late aren't you?"

"What is late? Said Joe. "We are open 24/7. 

"You're kidding! I never knew that." Said Natalie.

"Oh hi! Natalie." Said Joe. "Are you and David an item now? He asked with a twinkle in his eye.

"Not really." Said David (kind of liking the idea though). "We were at a celebatory party tonight. We won a big contract and all the office had a party."

"That's great!" said Joe. "Have a table, I'll get someone to serve you both. I have to do some cooking."

With that he talked to one of the waitresses who he instructed to put the couple in the back booth where it is quiet. Secretly, Joe liked both of them, and he thought that they would be a good match. He liked to help out Mother Nature and men and women's hormones on the occasion.

David and Natalie couldn't decide on whether or not they wanted B.L.T. or a Hamburg. They compromised. Each took one and told the waitress to make sure they were cut in half. They would have both. 

The conversation drifted back to the new project. Natalie asked David how engineering would translate the modernistic looking building into structural and buildable frames. With that, David lit up. Natalie could see that he was excited by the prospect of working on the outer edge of engineering problems. The way he talked suggested to her that he was not just another engineer, but rather a leader in this project. He talked about his team and he talked about it as though he was the one in charge. It did not take long before he had a napkin and a pen and was drawing on them and describing the things that they proposed to do. Next thing, he noticed that Natalie had come out of her seat and had slid in beside him so that she could look at the drawings from the front. She got in real close and was as involved in the conversation as David was in his explanations. When the lecture ended, the two suddenly found themselves at intimate distance from each other. They were pressed closely together and they were within kissable distance. It was awkward at first, but it was lovely too. They had become aware of each other in that other way, that sexual way. Their bodies pressed together and their hormones beginning to rage. 

For both of them, it was a very pleasant surprise. 

David spoke first." As he said; "My it is close in here isn't it? Frankly, it is kind of nice. I like it."

Natalie laughed; "It certainly is 'close'. I would say within 'kissing distance". Would you agree."

"With what? The distance or the kissing? Said David.

"Both" said Natalie, and with that she leaned over and gave him a peck on the cheek.

"You missed." Said David. I was thinking of here and he kissed her lightly on the lips.

"MMMMMMM" said Natalie. "That was nice, but I can do better." She then kissed him on the lips, a kiss that is meant for lovers. 

David picked up his glass and said jokily. "Is there something in the water, because suddenly I feel very passionate toward you."

Natalie knew what he meant immediately. She wondered how she had got there so fast, but she was definitely feeling some moisture arising in that wonderful spot between her legs. What is this she thought to herself? How did this happen so fast?

She looked a David. Her rational processes, which were profound, took over. My he is good looking. He is well educated. He is funny and kind. He is generous with his compliments and he certainly is good leader. Damn woman! She said to herself; "This man is a hunk. A good-looking smart, sexy, piece of male. Go for him babe, go for him.

David was having no less thoughts about Natalie. She was an incredible dresser. She was with him and understood everything that he was saying. The hours had been minutes with her, and she was so good to have beside him. Beautiful, bright, sexy, intelligent, and wonderful to be with. Man! Are you crazy? What more do you want. This is it. GO FOR IT.

Suddenly, that black cloud of doubt hit for both. The question arose "Where do we go from here? What is the next move? It was late. They had so few choices. One, they found some way to keep the night going apart from their homes. Two, they separated, took numbers and promised to call in the morning. Three, they went to his place or Four, they went to her place. 

The problem was that they were both tired. The prospect of keeping it going artificially did not sit well with either of them. They had found each other, and they liked each other, and they wanted to be with each other so the idea of taking a number and calling in the morning, while a solution, was not one either of them wanted as well. The only thing left was to retire to his or her apartment, but who was going to make that proposal. What if it was rejected? The one or other would have felt like a fool. A fifth option, a lousy fifth option was found. They would take a cab to her place. She would be dropped off and he would go on to his place alone. BUMMER. They hailed a cab. 

They crawled in back and got really close to each other. The cabbie asked the address and Natalie said. "The Newgate Apartments" 1520 State St. W. please.

David smiled and said "Yes please"

The cabbie took off. Natalie began to tell David how much she had enjoyed their time together. How she hoped that they could continue to see each other and how much she was interested in what he was doing. 

The cab ride was over almost before it began. David told Natalie to wait until he paid the Cabbie. She waited on the sidewalk ready to give him a kiss goodnight. The cabbie being paid, sped off into the night leaving David and Natalie standing on the sidewalk.

"I thought you said that you were going to take that cab to your apartment? Natalie said.

"I did." Said David.

"What are you playing at David?" said Natalie. "Is this some sort of a trick to get into my apartment and God knows what else you may have in mind to get into?"

"Well! Yes and No!" said David, his grin growing ever so much bigger. 

"You rat!" said Natalie laughing. "Just what kind of girl do you think I am? Do you think that I am into one night stands or something."?

"I would most certainly hope not." Said David. "I would expect a great deal more than a one night stand with you. I would begin with a weekend though."

"Well of all the cheek!" Natalie said. "Not a night, a weekend no less. Are you sure that you might not want to make it a lifetime next."

"The prospect of that had a definite appeal." Said David. "Now, can we go into our home now."

"What do you mean by that? She said. 

"What do you think I mean? Said David

"To be honest, Mr. Riddle, I have lost you. I don't have a clue what you are talking about. Would you please fill me in." said Natalie

"A wonderful choice of words." Said David "I would be most happy to 'fill you in' at any time and at any place, but for the time being, will it be your apartment or mine. Mine is 1632. What is yours?"

Suddenly, Natalie clued in. She laughed. "You mean to tell me you live in this apartment/condo complex too?"

"Yes maam, I do." He said with a smile.

"Well damn! She said. "What a happy coincidence. How come we haven't met before."

"Ever since you told the Cabbie your address, I have been asking the same question." David said. "Now what is your apartment # madam. The least I can do is to see you to your door."

"You are not going to believe this." She said. With that she handed him, her key. You might try this in the next door beside yours,1634. Now does it matter which one we fuck in because I am so damn horny now I could take you in the hall."

They rushed into the nearest apartment. David giving thanks that his cleaning lady was in today, because he was absolutely sure that he would not make to the next-door apartment. Pre-cum was dripping from his hardening cock. Natalie was awash in juices. It had been awhile since they had had sex and tonight was going to be a feast that both of them intended to savour.

Things started coming off in the elevator. Natalie's beautiful white panties fell to the floor. David's shirt was coming undone. Buttons on the blouse we popping open. Kisses were being plastered all over the place and David's hand had encroached into that very special place which those dropped panties had been covering. Natalie was thrusting herself on to his fingers and she was sure that the floor of the elevator would have to be mopped up. Her trimmed pussy would not be able to hold the drips that we coming from her ever so ready cunt. 

Finally, the elevator stopped and the door opened. David peeked down the hall to see if there was anyone there. There were none. The half stripped pair slipped across and down the hall to 1632. David opened the door. They slid in and finished the stripping. Hands were flying everywhere. They couldn't make it to the sofa. The throw rug looked good. The nice clean place was littered in moments with skirts, bras, hose, garter belts, pants, shirts, shorts, socks as two hot and sticky bodies thrashed on the floor between them. 

This wasn't making love. This was fucking. Fucking with ever-primitive passion that we human's possess. If they could have got farther into each other they would have. David's cock felt like it was in Natalie's uterus and she was loving it. Her ears, her nose, her mouth, her neck, her shoulders, her breasts, her belly, her pussy, her legs, knees and feet had all been kissed and licked. She was basking in sexual bliss. She had never ever been fucked like this. She was sure that she would never ever be fucked like this again, but she had hope because she had David. 
