 I had enjoyed my first lesbian encounter a week ago....I was now trying to get back in touch!

I swapped phone numbers with her but somehow managed to get hers wrong. When I tried to call all I got was an unobtainable tone. I was so miserable. I decided to go back to her house and try to make contact again. After my last lecture on Friday, I walked slowly towards the house. I walked down the road, contemplating her reaction. 

After what seemed like hours, I plucked up the courage to knock on the door. A guy I hadn't seen before answered. His ginger face with a shock of ginger hair poked round the door. I explained that I was looking for a girl called Sarah. That I met her at a party last week. I described her. But all I got was a blank face. He fetched one of the other residents. A couple came to the door. They seemed distracted and from their actions I could sense they had a growing yearning to get to bed and not talk to the likes of me. They were equally ignorant of the girl I described. Helplessly, I shuffled down the road. A pub seemed like a good refuge and I dived in to escape my miserable failure. 

My first bit of good luck! I recognised a couple from the party last week. They had followed me into the pub only minutes after me They went to the bar and got drinks. As they were passing my table I said "Hi" and invited them to sit at my empty party. After some reintroductions, I moved the conversation to Sarah. Again, it wasn't obvious, but the more I described her, they recognized her as the boyfriend of one of the guys who lived in the house called Craig. They knew she lived away and only visited occasionally.

After another drink, we made our way to the house and they showed me to Craig's room, My heart missed a beat as I recognised the room from a week ago and my delicious experience. But the room was empty. My friends suggested I waited in the room, and I sat on the bed awaiting the return of the elusive Craig. 

The next thing I knew was my shoulder as being shaken gently and I opened my eyes without fully understanding where I was. I looked at the hand on my shoulder – gentle but firm – and its owner – a giant of a guy standing at least six and a half feet tall. I suddenly came to my senses and realised where I was, who this was and what I was doing asleep on his bed. I didn't need to talk for long, as Craig seemed to know all about me. We sat on the bed and exchanged stories. Sarah was his girlfriend but lived in Durham, where she was studying physics. Last weekend, he had been delayed and didn't make the party. Sarah had been down for the weekend, and had enjoyed herself anyway. He seemed not to be too worried about his girlfriends sexual preferences of choice of partners. He didn't know exactly when she was coming down next but promised to call her in the morning. I looked at my watch. It was ten past midnight. Shit. I had to get home. My few calls to the minicabs told me I had no chance that night. Craig suggested I stay. I looked quizzically at him and he laughed that we had managed in the same single bed the week before. 

I couldn't think of a better alternative, but I told him there was to be no sex. Head to toe only. I went to the bathroom and washed my face. I returned to the bedroom, he was in bed sitting up. I looked at him and he smiled. I undressed, once again down to my bra and panties, and I quickly got into bed. As I got in I noticed he was naked, and I spotted his dark pubic hair. I turned my back as I noticed a growing erection causing the bedclothes to rise. I could hear myself breathe as he whispered "You know you are a very sexy lady. I can now see why Sarah slept with you." 

I remained silent. He continued unabated. "I'm sorry, but you have made me hard as a rock. I need relief. Do you mind if I masturbate?" 

I really didn't know what to say. "Errrrrrr ok. If you must." I listened to his breathing as he used his hand to slowly massage his cock. I guess the idea of a guy wanking because of me was quite a turn on as I began to get moist. After ten minutes he asked "any chance you might lend a hand?" 

I turned over and looked at him. He looked sexy and hungry. I knew that I was starting to feel the same way. My hand slowly found his hard cock and I replaced his own hand with mine. I started rhythmically rubbing his shaft. He was pretty dry – he had little pre-cum I could use to lubricate my hand. After a few minutes I dicided that my mouth would do a better job. I pulled back the covers and bent to firstly lick around his mushroom head. I paid attention to his hole, and explored it with my tongue. I traced the lines of his veins up and down his shaft and flicked at his balls. He was moaning with what I hoped and expected was pleasure. Finally I took his length into my mouth and he pushed forward, gagging me. I withdrew, and repositioned myself between his legs. I slowly allowed his length deep into my mouth and throat. Once I had accommodated his cock, I started bobbing my head up and down. The sounds he made told me how he was enjoying it and it took less than five minutes until he exploded his cum inside my mouth. As I was waiting to swallow his second spurt, he grabbed my hair and held my face inches from his spurting cock. I took the rest of his cum over my face. I know guy love the feeling of covering a girls face with cum – it wasn't my first time!

After his efforts he pulled me close to his face and proceeded to lick off all his cum from my face, kissing me at the same time. We kissed deeply and his hands found my breasts, reaching them from below my bra. Our tongues met and we kissed passionately. Somehow he removed my bra and his hands explored my breasts and nipples. He pushed me onto my back, and his mouth went to my nipples. His sucking and biting my nipples was accompanied my his hands caressing my belly and my panties. He soon pushed down my panties and allowed his fingers to trail up and down my pussy lips and he suckled my breasts. "God you are so wet" he said as he slipped a long finger deep inside me, 

I gasped as he stared to finger fuck me.....knuckles gently rubbing against my engorged clit. He continued his work between my legs and slowly kissed his way from my breasts to my navel to my pubic mound which he kissed with an intensity I have not known since. 

I could hardly wait for his tongue to reach clit. I didn't have to wait long and he slid down between my legs and applied slow, leisurely licks to my hard, erect and very sensitive clit. The attention of his tongue and his fingers rubbing on my g-spot and clit soon started the floodgates of an intense, violent orgasm which almost made me cry. 

He kept me on edge for what seemed hours, until I could stand it no longer. I pushed him to his back, sucked him back to full stiffness. When I was satisfied with his erection, I mounted myself on his cock and rode him, giving myself intense mini orgasms. 

I eventually collapsed, totally exhausted and we slept in the tiny bed, happy and content, for few hours until we both woke. Our hunger for each other overwhelmed us again, and we recommenced our lovemaking again, taking more time to explore each others bodies. 

A night of fucking was followed by a breakfast in bed, thanks to Craig and his culinary skills. From somewhere he also found a tube of KY jelly and he proceeded to gently open my ass hole before he drove his cock between my buttocks. His cum filled my bowels and gave me one of the strongest most concentrated orgasms I had ever experienced. As we showered together and I fell to my knees to suck his cock again, I was suddenly aware that just over a week before I was in the same shower with his lovely girlfriend.

We rang Sarah and told her everything. Every detail. Ever kiss, lick and every orgasm. I had a feeling that she enjoyed every word of our conversation. We agreed to get together the following weekend. We also agreed that we needed to find a bigger bed!