 We met at a party, 10 years ago, and she irritated me almost immediately. My friend Jake and his wife had just bought a house and were celebrating with a sort of housewarming party; mostly friends from his work and a few other of us fishing buddies. There were about 2 dozen people there; couples mostly, a few single guys like me, and one or two apparently unescorted women who appeared to be sisters or girlfriends of the married ladies.

Kelly was her name. She had shoulder length dirty blond hair, a cute but not gorgeous face, a medium build, and medium sized breasts. Nothing about her really stood out as exceptional, but from the back, her short yellow dress really accentuated her round ass and her bare legs, and suggested that an attentive observer would see her panties eventually if he just kept his eyes open. 

As introductions were made, I learned that her husband, "Sparky", worked at the same company with Jake. I never learned his real name; everyone, including Kelly, just called him Sparky.

She was loud and brash and liked being the center of attention, with the look of a sorority girl that had gone a little trashy, and an arrogant attitude that turned me off right away. Between the cigarette and the overdone makeup and the attitude, she was definitely not my type. But still...

Still, there was something about her that made me want to fuck her senseless; just bend her over the big kitchen table and fuck her right then and there. 

After all the guests had arrived and the drinks were flowing, I bumped into her as I was chatting with Jake's wife Amy about their pending kitchen remodel. 

"Hi, I'm Kelly," she said, holding out her hand.

"Kevin. Nice to meet you," I said, as we shook hands.

"How do you know Jake?" she asked. 

I explained that we had met in college and had been fishing buddies for years. 

"Oh, so you're another one of those guys that sits in a boat all day catching a few tiny fish that you throw back in the water anyway?"

"No, I prefer wading streams and rivers with a fly rod all day, catching tiny fish that I throw back in the water anyway."

She laughed, "Well, I guess that's no less stupid than chasing a golf ball all over creation like Sparky does."

Having judged the relative stupidity of my favorite hobby, she moved on to the next cluster of partygoers.

I'm a pretty quiet and shy and reserved guy, not the life of the party type. I like to stay on the edge of the action and observe. Making small talk at parties is not my strength. Typical Introvert. Fortunately, there were a couple of us introvert types at the party, and one guy - Tim, was even more awkward and shy and socially handicapped than me. In typical Extrovert fashion, she noticed this weakness and seemed to delight in making him uncomfortable with obvious flirting and suggestive sexual innuendo, even with her husband just across the room.

It was into this atmosphere that I entered as I stepped out onto the deck a little later in the evening with a beer in hand to get some fresh air and a break from chatter. There was no fresh air to be found; Kelly and one of the other women were out there smoking cigarettes and they had Tim cornered like a wounded animal. It was obvious I had crashed into a sexual conversation; I heard Tim say that "going down" wasn't really his favorite thing.

"So Kevin, what about you?" Kelly asked.

"What about me?" I said.

"We're talking about what we like and don't like. Do you like to eat pussy?"

"Almost more than life itself," I replied, after a brief pause.

She seemed taken aback by my abrupt, straightforward answer - she was obviously expecting me to blush, stutter, be embarrassed, and that was obviously her intent. Tim seemed relieved to have the focus off of him, and Amanda, the other woman on the deck, laughed and made a big show of grabbing my arm and saying, "I want to take you home with me."

"What about you, Kelly, do you like to suck cock?" I asked. 

"Of course. I'm good at it, too." She had recovered from the shock of her failed attempt to make me squirm. "So, what do you like about going down on a woman?"

"I like everything about it; I love the taste, the smell, the wetness, I love the sighs and the moans and groans and I love the shuddering and shaking when a woman has an orgasm. Even if it wasn't such a turn on for you women, I would still do it, because it turns me on. Do you like having your pussy eaten?"

"Very much," she said, seeming a little flustered herself.

"Some women don't seem to like it." Tim said, getting back into the conversation. "And most women I know don't seem to really like to give head either."

"Tim, we need to find you a real woman who knows how to give a good blowjob." said Kelly. 

"What do you like about giving a guy a blowjob?" I asked. "Do you swallow?"

She hesitated, as if she had never thought about the question before. "I like how totally in control I am when I'm giving head, I'm in complete control of the guy's pleasure. And yes, I swallow."

"And guys are always so grateful to get a blowjob, especially when you swallow," said Amanda.

"Your husbands are lucky guys," I said. 

"Well, I'm a lucky woman; Sparky's a good fuck - that's why I married him."

Just then another couple of people stepped out onto the deck, and we abruptly ended our brief, explicit, titillating conversation. 

***************************************

So, here it is 10 years later, and I've been through a couple of serious girlfriends, a brief marriage and a bitter, painful divorce, and a career change. It's Friday night, and I'm at a party hosted by some new work acquaintances. I arrived a little late, and there were already 30-40 people milling about the living room and spilling out onto the large patio. I see this woman across the crowded room. She looks familiar, but it takes a few seconds for my brain to figure out why. Oh yeah, it's Kelly, the woman who likes to talk dirty with strangers! 

She was more attractive than I remembered; the makeup was toned down, her hair was cut in a shorter, slightly asymmetrical bob, like the NBC weather girl Dylan Dreyer. She had on a short denim skirt, with tall, almost knee-high boots. In short, my favorite look. I felt a twitch in my pants...

With so many people present, and multiple conversations going on, there were no formal introductions. As the night progressed, and groups of conversationalists shifted, broke up, and reformed around the grill and the outside bar, I saw her glancing at me several times. It seemed like she was searching her memory, trying to make a connection. Finally, I looked up to see her staring at me from a group talking by the swimming pool, a spark of recognition in her eyes and a sly smile on her face. I grinned slightly and rejoined my group's conversation, wondering where this serendipity might lead.

The hosts had a large lot, with a covered gazebo overlooking a small pond in the back yard. After dark, when folks were well into their 3rd or 4th drinks and heated conversations going on about everything from politics to potty-training toddlers, I scanned the crowd and couldn't find her. On a hunch, and needing a break from the cacophony anyway, I drifted down toward the pond. There she was, standing by herself in the gazebo, gazing at the pond. 

"Hi," I said, "come out for a smoke break?"

"No, I gave that habit up long ago. So, do you remember me?" she asked.

"Yep, you're Sparky's wife, Kelly, from Jake's party years ago."

"Well, not anymore. We divorced 2 years ago. I remember you - you're the guy who likes to eat pussy."

"Yep, still do. And you still have a knack for breaking the ice with dirty talk." 

We both laughed at this odd but flirty way of reconnection after such a brief encounter so long in the past. 

We made small talk about our lives the past 10 years. Divorce sucks, life goes on, how fast time passes, how tough it is sometimes to pay the bills and keep it all together, and how getting older has both rewards and downsides. She had one kid in 2nd grade, shared custody with her ex, and was in advertising sales at a local radio station. She was easy to talk to, I think in part because of the history of our conversation; explicit sexual talk about blowjobs and cunnilingus in the beginning knocked down the normal inhibitions and cautiousness involved in getting to know someone. 

And between her sexy boots-and-miniskirt look, the warm night air, the smell of her perfume, and the memory of what we had talked about long ago, the twitch in my pants was growing into an urgent desire. As we stood side by side against the gazebo railing overlooking the pond, I said, "I've thought about you several times since that party."

"Oh really? What were your thoughts?" She grinned, innocently but with a seductive look in her eye.

My heart was pounding in my chest, my palms were surely sweaty, an almost panicky feeling was building. Was I really going to do this? As I said earlier, I'm shy and reserved, and not the Alpha male type that normally takes charge. But most of my shyness and fear revolves around making the first move - breaking the ice, walking across a dance floor and saying hello to a stranger, asking for a phone number. Once the ice is broken, I can be very direct. Ask me if I like to eat pussy, and I'll tell you just how much I like it. So yes, I was going to do this:

"This is what I was thinking," I said, as I moved behind her, my hands cupping her breasts as I kissed the back of her neck beneath her short hair. 

"I like the way you think," she almost whispered, as she leaned back against me. I kissed all down her neck and the top of her shoulders, while massaging her nipples to attention through the thin fabric of her blouse. My hard-on was at full mast now and pressed against her rump. I continued licking and nibbling the back of her neck while caressing her breasts and pushing my cock against her sexy ass. She turned and initiated our first kiss, wrapping her hands around the back of my neck and pulling my face down toward her. I caressed her ass now with both hands as our tongues met and explored and tasted each other. 

This was so hot! I slid my hand down, under her skirt and onto the crotch of her panties, pushing against her Mons forcefully with all 4 fingers of my right hand, as she pushed herself into me, straining to feel the firm pressure against her panties.

I slid my hand down inside the front of her panties now, finding her slit with the middle finger and stroking up and down the length of her pussy and circling her clit, before parting the lips and exploring deeper. She wasn't wet yet on the outside, but once my finger got past the outer lips, she was soaking wet, hot and slippery, and I couldn't resist sinking my finger all the way to the hilt into her tight vagina. Kelly responded with a sharp gasp and by moving against me to take me even deeper. I slowly slid 2 fingers inside and curled the tips against her G-spot - she moaned and began riding my hand like a slow motion bull ride, like Debra Winger riding the mechanical bull in Urban Cowboy. Moving slightly to her side to get a better angle and more leverage, I fucked her with 2 fingers while fondling her ass with my left hand; squeezing and kneading her buttocks while she rode my hand. 

My left hand slid down the crack of her ass and I accidently brushed against her anus with my middle finger - her reaction startled me - almost like she had received an electric shock. I deliberately touched her anus again and she moaned. So I began slowly teasing and massaging her perineum and asshole with the tip of my middle finger, while stroking in and out of her vagina with the 2 fingers on the other hand. I reached through between her legs and moistened my finger with some of her slick juices, and pressed it against her anus, not really penetrating, but putting pressure on her almost to the point of sliding inside.

"Yessss!" she whispered breathlessly into my ear. 

I sensed that she was very close to an orgasm, and that if I slid my finger all the way into her asshole it would push her over the edge. As much as I wanted to do that, more than anything else I wanted to taste her pussy; I wanted to lick her all the way over the orgasmic finish line. 

"I'm going to eat your pussy now," I said, as I slid my fingers out and dropped to my knees in front of her. 

Suddenly I became very aware that there was still a party going on just a couple hundred feet away. We were in relative darkness, but barely - just beyond the ring of light coming from the patio where dozens of people were still drinking and talking. If someone else decided to take a walk...

But we couldn't stop now, and the risk of getting caught added to the excitement. I slid her panties down to her boots, and buried my face into the nirvana under her skirt, as she leaned back against the railing and spread her legs as wide as the panties stretched between her calves would allow. I found her wet pussy with my tongue, and tasted her tangy juices for the first time. She was so wet my face was soaked almost immediately. I grabbed her ass cheeks with both hands and pulled her into me as I focused on her clit - licking, sucking, swirling my tongue around it. She was so close now; I could feel the anticipation building in her body, in the pace of her breathing. I slid a middle finger into her pussy, getting it wet and slick, then touched her asshole. She tensed up, anticipating what was to come. I pushed my pussy-lubricated finger slowly into her asshole, reveling in her body heat and the tightness of her ass gripping my finger. All the way in as far as I could go, while my tongue did a tap dance on her clitoris. 

Her legs nearly buckled and she grabbed the back of my head as she came with my mouth on her clit and my finger buried in her ass. I could feel the spasms of her orgasm through the involuntary clenching of her sphincter around my finger; it was such a turn-on that I was on the verge of cumming myself. I licked more gently as her spasms subsided and her clit became too sensitive, but I didn't want to leave this feast; I kept licking and tasting and inhaling the aroma of her pussy, until she tapped me on the shoulder to pull me up. I slid my finger out of her tight bottom and emerged from the tent of her skirt as she reached down and pulled her panties back into place.

"Now it's your turn," she said as she squatted down on her haunches and unbuckled my pants. 

I shot a glance toward the party to see if we were still safe from accidental voyeurs - so far, so good. By this time she had my pants around my ankles and was stroking my cock and caressing my balls. I was rock hard and leaking pre-cum, and was so turned on I was afraid I was going to cum any second. 

"You've got me so horny, I'm not going to last at all. Just warning you," I said.

"I like to swallow, remember?" she said as she licked the pre-cum off the head of my cock. Then, while looking into my eyes, she sucked my cock into the heat of her mouth. With one hand cupping my balls and the other hand wrapped around the base of my cock, she pumped and sucked like a porn pro; with enthusiasm like no blow job I'd ever had before. She could take all of me in her mouth, and did a couple of times, but mostly she sucked and tongued the outer third of my cock - the most sensitive part - while rapidly pumping the base with her hand, jacking me off into to her mouth and looking into my eyes the whole time. This lasted for less than a minute before I erupted in her mouth, a tremendous orgasm that made me lean on the railing to keep from falling over. She kept on pumping and sucking, swallowing all of my ejaculation until there was nothing left.

I leaned over and kissed her on the forehead, then pulled her to her feet and hoisted up my pants. I had just gotten my belt buckled when I saw another couple leave the patio and start walking down the path toward the pond. We tried to pull ourselves together and fake composure as best we could before they reached the gazebo. 

It turns out that a brief, sexy conversation on a deck 10 years ago was the slow-burning foreplay that led to an incredible erotic encounter. Where to from here?