 Deb and I live in a small community in central Canada. We had known each other for many years but since we are both now 18 years old, we are both feeling the sexual urges coming of age. Walking was our main mode of transportation and this particular day we go for a walk in the country. It isn't long before we are walking along a narrow dirt road with flowing wheat fields on either side. A gentle breeze as causing the wheat heads to sway like the waves on water. We are holding hands and chatting about anything that came to mind. We are enjoying the feel of each others hands.

"Have you ever walked through a wheat field with no clothes on?" I smile and ask Deb.

She laughs, looks at me with a twinkle in her eye. "No, have you?"

"Sure. It is really cool. The warm sun feels nice on the buns and the wheat heads kinda tickle you know where."

"Sounds interesting. You guys are always horny."

I grip her hand tight and lead her into the wheat field. "Come on, let's do it."

"Noooo ...." was all she said as she follows me into the wheat field.

Once in the field about 10 feet we stop and the wheat stalks are up to our belly buttons. It is a very thick crop with full heads. Deb watches me strip and put my clothes in a pile. She stares at my semi hard cock. 

"Come on Deb, ya gotta give it a try." 

"You are crazy. I am not going to strip naked and walk through this field."

"Just give it a try. If you don't like it, you can get dressed again."

"I don't want you to see me naked."

"What are you afraid of? I thought you were an adventure girl."

"Ok, I will take my panties off and lift my dress a little but that is all."

"Sure, that is a beginning."

With that Deb reaches under her dress, hooks her panties and slips them down her shapely legs. There is something extremely sensual watching a girl slide her panties down and off her legs. My cock is instant rock hard.

We start to walk and Deb slowly lifts her dress up. She holds it just below her pussy.

"Ya gotta hold it a little higher so the wheat can tickly your pussy as it passes between your legs."

Deb lifts her dress up to her waist. Now the grain is doing its magic between her legs. My cock and balls are electrified by the brushing of the heavy grain heads. 

"How does that feel?" I ask Deb as we walk hand in hand through the field.

"Ya it feels kinda nice .... Like a fairy is tickling me down there."

We both laugh as we both feel the same. We continue walking and Deb lifts her dress up to just under her breasts so the wheat can tickle her flat tummy. I can see that Deb is breathing faster and it isn't from the exercise. Deb is stealing many glances down at my cock which is strutting from side to side in its very hard state.

After walking for a while we arrive at a bluff of trees. There is a patch of grass near the trees and we stop on the grass. Deb lets go of the hem of her dress and it covers her body again.

"Why don't you take the dress off Deb. You will like it. The warm sun on the buns feels great."

"I would but I don't know if I can totally trust you to keep your hands off me if I take my clothes off."

"You can trust me. You can tie my hands so I can't touch you if that will make you feel better."

Deb thinks about it for a minute then says "Ok, I will tie your hands and blindfold your eyes. Then I will give it a try."

"Ya gotta deal." I say without a second thought. 

Deb takes the rope style belt from her dress, ties my hands together and ties the other end over a tree branch so my hands are suspended above me. She then goes behind me, slips off her dress and loosely ties it around my head to block my vision. I am helpless, naked, tied to a tree, sporting an impressive hard on and at the complete mercy of a young girl.

"Have you taken your bra off?" I muffle.

"Yep, I am completely naked and you are right. The sun does feel very nice on my bare breasts and buns. It sort of makes them tingle." She is walking around the small patch of grass as the sound of her voice is moving. "It feels really free to be walking in the open air with no clothes on. This is the first time I have ever done this. It feels sort of sexy." She laughed. 

Deb pokes me in the bum cheek, the belly button, the chest and occasionally she brushes her hand across my cock. It jumps and swells with her touch. I hear her walking away, toward the wheat field.

"Where are you going? You are not leaving me here like this!!"

Deb laughs and continues walking away through the field. I experience a strange combination of excitement and fear at the same time. I listen but cannot hear anything. It seems like a long time but I have no way of knowing. Some time later I hear someone walking toward me through the wheat field then onto the grass. Not a word is spoken. 

Suddenly I feel wheat heads being brushed against my still hard cock. 

"Deb is that you. It is you. I am glad you came back."

She doesn't say a word, just brushes the grain along my cock, between my legs and up the crack of my ass.

"Mmmm, that feels so nice." I feel her breath on my back. She presses her breasts into my back. She moves, rubbing her nipples against the flesh of my back. I have a mental picture of her nakedness. I long to see her body. My cock is harder than I have every felt. She now wraps her arms around my waist and presses her whole body into my back. With the eyes covered, my other senses become more alert. I can feel her breasts being pressed in my back. I can feel her naked mound being pressed into one of my ass cheeks. She wraps her leg around my leg and pressed it against my cock and balls. With this leg she pulls her mound tight into my ass cheek. She moves her leg up and down against my cock and balls. I have never felt anything so erotic. My cock is going to either break or explode. She squeezes her pussy into my ass cheek and rubs her pussy up and down. She is breathing hard and her rubbing is becoming faster and more specific. Her one hand snakes around my hips and wraps its small fingers around my cock pole. She strokes the shaft in time with her rubs and as we both near orgasm she grinds and pumps more forcefully. My ass is now very wet from her juices and she cums in a very strong tense explosion. Three, four five spasms and she starts to ease up. Realizing she has a death grip on my cock, she begins to stroke it intently. It isn't long before my cock shoots its first load of cum. Then a second and third. Ohhh what release.

"Debbie, that was the greatest moment of my life."

"Yah, I enjoyed it too."

"Debbie, I gotta see your naked body. Please" I coo in the softest most soothing voice I could muster.

Without saying a word, Debbie stands behind me and removes her dress from my head. My eyes adjust to the light. Debbie has her hands on my hips holding her body directly behind me.

"Come around front so I can see you." I coo.

Slowly Debbie drops her hands from my hips and she turns around so her back is to me. She takes one or two steps and says "You turn around."

With my hands still tied above my head I slowly turn around. Coming into view is the perfect body of an angel.

Her golden blond hair shines in the sunlight and is tossed gently by the breeze. Her bronze skin flows from her neck to her bare shoulders and down her smooth back. Her back narrows down to her tiny waist. The lines then burst out to the perfectly shaped hips and down across the silky smooth mounds of her ass cheeks, so firm and perfectly rounded. Her legs are firm and shapely like that of an athlete. 

I cannot say a work as my eyes drink in her beauty. Top to bottom, bottom to top I gaze upon her heavenly beauty. Not wanting to loose sight of this beauty yet wanting to see more of her, I whisper "Please turn around."

After a pause as Deb gets up her nerve, she slowly turns around to face me.

My breathing stops and I can feel every heart beat in my chest. I am gazing upon the most beautiful creature on earth. I instantly know I will carry this image in my minds eye all the days of my life.

Her face has the glow on an angel. Her slightly red complexion is partially from embarrassment and partially from the sexual release she just experienced. Beauty beyond description.

Rising from her chest are two small but magnificent breasts. Probably A cups but silky smooth and firm. A small hard dark nipple highlights each breast and crown the beauty. The smooth flesh of the tummy narrows at the waist and falls down to her hips. Both hip bones show slightly as if to funnel the beauty to her slightly elevated mound at her center of pleasure. I cannot tell if there was a small amount of blond hair or if she was smooth. I know hidden just below that mound is the sweetest prize on earth. Debbie held her legs closely together so both legs formed one fantastic pillar. 

Debbie finally looks up into my eyes and sees that I am admiring her awesome beauty. She relaxes. My arms are developing cramps so I ask Debbie to untie me. She says she will once she gets dressed again. I plead for her to remain nude and promise not to touch her body at all. Cautiously she agrees and unties my hands. True to my word, I do not touch her at all. We lay on the grass and soak up the sun. I continue to be spell bound by her absolute beauty. 

It is time to go and Deb picks up her dress and bra and carries it as we walk through the wheat field back to where we left the rest of our clothes. Half way across the field she tales my hand in hers for the rest of the walk. The impulse to reach across and feel her body was very strong however I knew I couldn't. The tickling grain kept my cock in a state of arousal and I am sure awakened Deb's lust again. We control ourselves and when we reach our clothes, we dress and walk back to town. I know we have a glow about us that is obvious however it is our secret.