 An attractive youthful woman came to the attention of an alert man.

Every day as she would pass by the café in the seaside town where he would take his afternoon espresso and read the paper, he could not help but notice her athletic legs. Her light and colorful summer dresses would only accentuate her lithe body. He also noticed her high elegant cheekbones, with just a hint of a blush, and would discretely scrutinize her small breasts as they were backlit as she moved from sun to shade and back again. He decided he had to have her.

He discovered that she lived by herself in a quiet neighborhood, in an airy high-ceilinged apartment in an older building overlooking a shady tree-lined street.

Her apartment was up a flight of stairs and was the only one on the landing. She worked as a travel agent in the center of town, and would walk to and from work every day.

She began to notice this alert stranger who sat in the cafés. At first she thought he was a tourist, and as time passed she realized that he was not. She would surreptitiously study him behind her dark glasses, and sometimes from under her elegant straw hat. She remembered the first time she caught him looking at her. 

She was startled, and felt a hot blush rise to her cheeks and then a tingling in her loins. She gave him a level gaze, with a hint of a smile, and turned away. She could feel his eyes on her as she walked, finally disappearing from his view. When she was out of his sight, she had to sit down and calm her racing heart. Her nipples were hard underneath her cotton blouse.

One day as she passed through town, she realized she was looking for him. She slowed slightly, but did not see him anywhere. She considered waiting for him, but realized she was meeting friends for dinner and had to get changed. 

She hurried home, and her sandals were crisp across the flagstones as she hurried up the steps. She unlocked the door and went inside. Within minutes she was in the cool shower, rinsing away the heat and dust of the town. She dried herself off, put on a light kimono, wrapped her hair in a turban, and began to dab a very small amount of a subtle perfume behind her ears and at her throat. She became aware of a presence in the room, and turned slowly.

He stood in the bedroom, tall, sunburnt, silent and with a slight smile on his face. She turned to look at him. She had been expecting him for weeks, but had never spoken to any of her friends about this fantasy she had nurtured. This was incredibly dangerous, and she had never been this excited before. 

She walked slowly over to him, the silence of the room amplifying the faraway sounds of the street. He leaned close to her, and she caught a slight whiff of salty sweat, a mild soap, the smell of a sun-dried shirt. 

He kissed her very gently, his tongue gently probing her lips and small mouth. She felt herself go very weak, and she gently circled her arms around his neck. The kimono gently opened as his hands untied the sash. She could feel his strong hands gently on her belly, and then graze her ribs as they glancingly caressed her small perfect breasts. She could feel the heat rise up in her, and she felt herself starting to get wet.

He deliberately and slowly pushed her down on her bed. As she tried to protest, she could feel his tongue flicker over her toes, and then work its way up her thighs. She felt his warm breath just before his tongue delicately slipped inside her. 

She let out a low moan of pleasure, and his tongue began exploring her sweet wetness. 

He took her lips in his mouth, nibbled and sucked on her swollen and sensitive clit. His face and her thighs were wet with her pleasure. The rhythms became more intense, there were deeper and harder pelvic thrusts as she totally gave herself over to the incredible pleasure of this stranger who so knowledgeably probed her every secret place with his implacable tongue. 

The waves began to build, and finally she came with such a racking intensity as she had not experienced in a ver long time. She nearly blacked out from the sheer climax, and laid, loose-limbed and sated while the aftershocks coursed through her body.

She watched him shed his clothes.

Part 2

She watched him, and took in details of his body she had only guessed at. He was broad shouldered, with well-shaped forearms and hands. He had a narrow waist, with well-proportioned legs. She was drawn to his erect penis, which was fully erect but not overly large. 

She was still daydreaming when she realized that he was rolling her over on her hands and knees. He was enjoying the sight of her firm round ass, a startling white to the golden-brown of her tanned body, and her full brown bush with droplets of her come still on it. He spread her legs and as she guided him into her, she could feel his heated length and thickness fill her completely. He slid in effortlessly as she tilted her hips up to meet him. 

As his rhythms gained momentum, she could feel his hands caress her breasts, roll her nipples in his hands, then hold her by her hips as he plunged deeper and deeper inside her. 

She felt a wave of excruciating pleasure come over her, then another, and finally she buried her head in a pillow and screamed as she felt his rock-hard cock seemingly split her in two. Even in her ecstatic state, she knew he hadn't come, but she didn't care. And he was gone.

Her dinner partners missed her that night. She made up an excuse the next day. She was obsessed by what she had experienced. 

He showed up again several nights later. She had been beside herself. As he kissed her again and again, she could not keep herself from being swept away by his understanding of what she had been wanting. 

She found herself clinging to the desire that she would feel him come inside her, in her hot pussy, in her mouth, on her breasts, on the sweet little pucker of her ass, even in her ass as she took his penis in her mouth and let her tongue explore all the maddening little bumps and ridges in it.

He would leave again, after she was limp and too sleepy to make him stay.

Part 3

It took her a while to realize that she didn't know where he lived. So one night after he left, she hastily put on a shift and followed him back to his place. He lived on a street overlooking the bay. She developed a plan.

One late afternoon she let herself in through an open window, and sat in the house waiting for him. She heard the key turn in the lock, and saw him come in.

Now it was his turn to be surprised. She had planned well, because she was wearing nothing except a delicate nearly transparent linen tunic dress. It was a golden saffron, which highlighted to excellent effect her radiant skin and golden sun-bleached hair. As she stood up the sun backlit her body perfectly, and he could see her nipples as small dark points. 

He was achingly hard, and she could see it plainly.

She led him into the bedroom, and gently unzipped his pants. As he stepped out of them, she caressed his balls in her hand while her tongue flickered in and over his hard shaft. By now he was completely naked. 

She motioned him to lie down, and then to close his eyes. To her surprise, he did. She positioned his arms and legs, and then gently tied them with silk scarves she had brought in her purse to the four corners of the bed. He opened his eyes and gave her a wry grin.

With little effort, she langorously seated herself on him, and felt his heat and size slowly slip into her. He was spread-eagled below her, and she could feel his excitement build up in side her. Everytime she thought he was going to come, she would dismount and lovingly take him in her mouth. She could taste the little salty drops of come form, and then he would get harder. Then she would turn and give him a taste of her mouth so smooth and wet from tasting him.

She would remount him, and soon her hair was matted to her face and her elegant little dress was plastered to her taut hard breasts. 

As she would rock on him, she could feel his cock burrowing deep inside her, and then it finally began to happen. It happened in simultaneous slow-motion and lightening intensity, where his come struck the back of her uterus with the intensity of a hot wet thunderbolt, and yet it was slow and languid and dreamy and hot. 

After she untied him in the aftermath, she kneeled next to him and took his penis in her mouth, and tasted the sweet essence of them together. He began to stiffen, and her mouth became wetter. Soon he could feel her sweet saliva on his thigh. He turned her over on her side and slipped into her again.

###