 After Nicole and I decided that we needed to secretly get away together, we agreed a short stay at a peaceful resort in Eastern Tennessee near the Great Smoky Mountains would be ideal. We were both anxious to get away from Columbus, so we could just be alone as a couple. 

Nicole and I had been seeing each other for almost 4 months. We had both kept our relationship secret from almost everyone, except for our immediate families as well as a couple trustworthy friends. She had just recently stopped seeing the guy she had been casually dating, and the woman I had been dating moved, so she could be closer to her family. 

I think I should mention that Nicole is absolutely stunning, as far as her physical appearance is concerned. Nicole is five-feet eight-inches tall and weighs approximately one hundred-twenty pounds. She has brown eyes and long chestnut-colored hair that is naturally curly. Her measurements are 34D-24-34. 

While I think I'm a handsome young man at twenty-two years of age, I occasionally wonder how I was so lucky to have found such a beautiful young woman, who is three years older than me. I'm six foot tall, one hundred fifty-five pounds, hazel eyes with brown hair, and I usually prefer the high and tight hairstyle. 

Nicole tells me that I'm her tall, dark handsome young stud, who was sent from heaven to be with her. At first, I thought she was just trying to make me feel good about my appearance. Now, I think she really means that from the bottom of her heart, because she is also a real sweetheart. 

Soon after we arrived at our charlotte and unpacked on Sunday afternoon, we decided upon taking a walk. We loaded a small amount of gear, including a blanket and backpack, into her car and started out on a venture into the wilderness. 

We drove for about 10 minutes before we found a good place to leave her car, where we could also allow hike on adequate hiking trails. 

We hiked in a secluded part of the area, walking together hand in hand. I was wearing khaki shorts with a brown leather belt, short-sleeve polo shirt, white undershirt, white briefs and comfortable gray tennis shoes. 

Nicole wore a blue top with spaghetti straps, multi-colored summer skirt with floral designs on the fabric and light brown sandals. 

I carried the basket of snacks that we had packed for a picnic, while Nicole held the nicely folded blanket at her side. As we quietly toured the wilderness, we listened to the surrounding sounds of the forest and its tiny inhabitants. We were gazing at one another quite frequently while we observed the scenery on that summer day. 

Being out in nature with my sweetheart was already lightening my mood. It was obvious that we were enjoying each other's company after we were apart for a couple of weeks, because we were both visiting with our families.

After we came upon a small clearing beside a creek, we agreed this would be a nice spot to stop for lunch. When Nicole laid out the blanket, the wind lifted her flimsy skirt enough to show me the white thong that she was wearing. 

Nicole startled me at first when she plopped down on the blanket with a grimace of pain on her face. I don't think it even occurred to her that her skirt had lifted by the wind. If she had noticed, it appeared to be in too much pain to care.

I dropped down to my knees and removed her sandals, running my hands up and down her aching leg. I quickly applied pressure to the troublesome spot on her right leg after she guided my hands there. After a few minutes of massaging the sore spot, I could tell the knot was beginning to loosen. I rubbed her leg with my skillful hands until she was feeling at ease. 

When Nicole was comfortable again, I opened the backpack and fixed a plate of snacks for her to eat. Her eyes followed my every move, as I prepared her lunch. 

Then, I reached inside the basket and grabbed a bottle of semi-sweet white wine. Next, I pulled out one wine glass, which we intended to share. Before handing Nicole the glass, I tasted the wine. Once I had tasted the wine, I passed the glass to Nicole. Nicole and I fed each other in a playful manner, while chatting and giggling about just about anything.

After we had finished eating, I placed her legs across mine. I started massaging one foot and then moved my hands to other, stroking my hands over her ankles and up her calves. I told her that I was going to finish the massage I had started earlier, and she giggled, saying that she wasn't going to object to that. 

I allowed my hands to travel upward along her shapely legs, before returning to her delicate ankles and the arches of her feet. When I looked up to watch her facial expressions, I could see Nicole's white lace thong and the outline of her covered, dark-haired pussy. I wasn't sure if it was voluntary or not, but she pulled her legs together as I continued to massage her feet and calves. 

Nicole held her eyes closed for most of the time, enjoying the feel of my hands as they massaged her feet. Once I had been rubbing them for an additional five minutes, I leaned forward slightly. I lifted her left foot to my mouth, licking each of her toes individually. 

I closed my eyes, as I continued to worship Nicole's body. It was my personal philosophy when it came to making love that a woman's pleasure was also my pleasure, so I was enjoying myself as well. 

I let my hands wonder along her legs, as I continued sucking her toes after I lifted her other foot to my mouth. Then, I tenderly kissed and softly licked the delicate flesh around her ankle. I planted more caresses up her calf as my hands traveled further up her thighs toward her crotch. 

I carefully watched Nicole's reaction and noticed that her body tensed up, before squirming around as my hands crept further along the inside of her thighs. It wasn't a "don't touch me there" type of tension but rather an anticipatory reaction. My hands brushed over her naked ass, as I slid my fingertips along the edges of her thong. 

I positioned myself so that I had one of her legs on each side of my head. I licked Nicole's ankles and toes again. This time I do so more thoroughly, pressing my broadened tongue to her skin, as I licked her left foot and then her right foot. 

Slowly, I planted caresses up her right leg, letting my lips travel up her smoothly shaven calf. I gradually moved in between her widened legs, as I tongued and caressed the sensitive crevice behind her knee. She parted her legs, spreading them wider to allow me full access to her womanly treasures. I reached up and pushed her skirt above her waist, exposing the most intimate area of Nicole's body to the slight summer breeze that I could feel blowing against my back. 

I pushed my hands up her thighs and sensually rubbed my palms over her inner thighs, as they glided upward. Then, I lightly brushed the back of my hands down the outside of her thighs. As my hands repeatedly followed the same aforementioned motions, my lips crept up the inside of her thigh. 

My fingers dallied at the inside of her legs. I could feel the wetness seeping from Nicole's pussy through her now almost transparent panties. It was almost as she wasn't wearing any underwear, seeing how the moist material of her thong clung to her pussy. I could clearly see the outline of the moist folds of her pussy. 

I continued planting soft caresses up her inner thigh, leaving a moist trail of saliva as my tongue passed over her skin. I teased Nicole at first with my fingers, running them back and forth over her wet panties. I stroked her pussy more strategically, letting my fingers dally at the upper end of her pussy, as my fingers searched avidly for her clit. While I did this, I nibbled up the inside of her right thigh near her crotch. 

Nicole wrapped her legs around my head while apparently shuddering from my touch. She pulled my face toward her so that my tongue was near her covered pussy, wanting me to eat her. I licked her through her moist panties, letting my tongue move from side to side over her most sensitive flesh. 

I was in no hurry, so I teased her for several minutes. I licked, nibbled and caressed her pussy through the wet material of thong until she was begging for me to take them off. 

I, however, didn't fully give into her demands. I pulled the crotch of her thong aside, revealing her cleanly trimmed and shaven slit. First, I pushed my tongue back and forth between her pussy lips. 

After I did this for a few minutes, I concentrated more specifically on the upper region of her pussy. I massaged her clit with my flattened tongue, swirling my tongue around that hard love button. I was engulfed in pleasuring her, and I loved the smell of my sweetheart's juices as they flowed steadily from her womanhood, running down my chin and dampening the hair on top of my head. 

I allowed my tongue to roam, parting her moist folds from top to bottom, moving my tongue side to side, as it passed back and forth between her clitoris and her little rosebud many times. I moved my tongue back to her clit and rapidly tongued the underside of that special sexual organ with a stiff tongue stroke. 

I inserted the index finger of my left hand inside her opening and started fingering her with my finger slightly curved, as it plunged in and out of her. It didn't take much more stimulation before she was moaning and screaming, as an orgasm overcame her and her nectar shot onto my face like a small fountain. 

Nicole was still not completely naked, and she had already climaxed. I continued lapping at her bare pussy lips and then her ass. I lifted her hips, and then finally removed her wet thong panties. 

I untied the back of her skirt, and I asked her to turn over and lay on her stomach. She raised her ass high in the air, giving me a magnificent view of both her ass and pussy. My hands and tongue explored, going wherever they wanted in that general vicinity. 

I stuck the two longest fingers on my right hand into her pussy and probed her ass with my fluttering tongue, which startled her at first. She, however, didn't stop me, so I continued licking her ass and fingering her pussy. It was only a matter of minutes before she came again from the attention I gave to both her ass and pussy. 

I lie down beside Nicole on the blanket and cuddled with her in my arms. I could tell that she was spent, as she kissed me on the check and then drifted off to sleep. I kissed one of her eyelids and then her mouth after she had just drifted off to sleep in my arms. I rested there with Nicole at my side and watched the clear summer sky above us. Soon, I drifted off to sleep as well despite the raging hard-on in my shorts. 

I felt a strong gust of cool air and awoke to a darkened sky. The winds had picked up and the sky was no longer clear, as it appeared a summer afternoon thunderstorm might be blowing in. I reached over to wake Nicole, as I put my other hand on her lovely ass and massaged away until woke up. 

She kissed me deeply after she awoke. I told her that it looked like it was about to storm, as we both gazed into each other's eyes. I quickly stood up and helped her to her feet. I told her that I'd help her get dressed. 

I bent down and grabbed her panties, before slipping them onto her legs one at a time, as she balanced herself on my shoulders. She pulled them up her shapely legs. Nicole slipped into her skirt, which I helped her tie. 

We walked back toward where we had parked her vehicle. After walking a while, I offered to carry Nicole the rest of the way fireman's style. But she didn't want to have to do that since we were walking through a forest, so we compromised. 

She jumped on my back, wrapping her legs and arms around me, as we hiked the last half-mile or so back to her car. I carried the blanket at my side, while she had the backpack strapped to her back.

When we were at her car, we put our gear in the backseat and drove back to the resort. I handed the key to Nicole, and I grabbed our belongings out of the backseat of her car. It was sprinkling now, so we rushed inside our chalet. 

Once we were inside, we stood there as if we were frozen in time, looking intimately at each other. Almost instinctively I closed my eyes, and I proceeded to kiss my girlfriend. Our lips met in a prolonged, passionate and wet kiss, which significantly increased my heartbeat and sent shivers through my body. 

As our eyes opened after breaking the affectionate kiss, I stared into her dark-colored eyes. I could only hope this vacation would likely turn out to be an especially pleasing, exciting and relaxing five day stay. 

Nicole and I looked around the chalet, which the rental management appropriately called The Mountain Hideway Chalet. We toured the full-size kitchen and the cozy living room that had many of the standard amenities of a permanent residence. 

We went upstairs to the bedroom, which was lofted above the living area below. From the lofted bedroom, Nicole and I could look outside through the huge bay glass window and sliding glass door that went out to the back patio. The sight of the fairly distant mountainous ridges, known as the Smoky Mountains, was definitely outstanding. 

The chalet we had chosen offered a great view while still offering the benefits of being "on of the most secluded chalets" owned by that rental company. 

We went back downstairs and peered outside through the sliding patio glass door, watching as the raindrops descended onto the deck. On the deck, there was a hot tub that was covered, as well as a charcoal grill. "Sweetheart, I think we both deserved to get away. We can be alone whenever we want… for however long as want," I said. 

Nicole replied, "Yes, it will definitely be nice for just the two of us to be together. We will be able to enjoy ourselves while spending time together in such a beautiful serene place. Thanks for planning this Jason!" 

I told her that she was very welcome and said that I hoped that this weekend would be memorable for us. 

"Oh, I hope so too, my handsome young lover boy," she replied, as she smiled sheepishly. "I'm sure it will be memorable in many ways. You know I plan on allocating substantial time for us to make love." 

"That sounds great to me," I said, as we both smiled and giggled. "I had planned on ravaging your body more than once while on this trip," I uttered after a short break, grinning as I spoke. I extended my right hand and stroked my palm across Nicole's cheeks, as we gazed into each other's eyes once again. 

I leaned forward and planted a small pack on her forehead. She reminded me that we should unpack our luggage before she wondered off upstairs to the bedroom. I went into the kitchen and unpacked all the non-perishable food that didn't need to be refrigerated. 

After I finished filling the cupboards with food we'd brought with us, I went into the living room. I told Nicole that I had finished unpacking the food, and I asked if she wanted me to help her upstairs. She said that she was almost finished and told me that she would be down to join me soon. 

I turned on the television and flipped through the many stations, which were accessible because of the satellite dish that was mounted on the roof of the chalet. 

Before long I heard Nicole's footsteps on the stairs, as she made her way downstairs from the bedroom. She sat beside me on the couch. As I continued to watch a sports news program, she had her hands wondering all over my body. I looked at her, letting her know that I acknowledged she was there. I had just put my arm around her when she said, "Baby, no TV right now. We are alone, and I plan on making the most of it."

She had already started to unbutton my short-sleeve shirt. It didn't take her long to have my shirt undone and my shorts unbuttoned. Now, she hovered over me, as her lips pressed against mine. Nicole pushed herself against me, wrapping her arms around me in a tight embrace. 

Our lips moved together slowly at first but that didn't last too long, as our mouths were soon locked together by a caress of feverish passion. I felt her tongue enter my mouth, meeting the tip of mine. Soon after our tongues swirled inside of our mouths', I felt myself feeling horny once again and engulfed by a strong desire to show affection toward Nicole.

Nicole ran her hands down my chest, brushing her fingers through my chest hair. Almost simultaneously my hands found her tits, and I gently squeezed them through her top, fondling them in my palms. I felt Nicole's nipples harden as my thumbs passed over them. Not wanting to wait much longer, I slipped the straps of her top off her shoulders and took off her top. 

After I discarded her top beside us, I placed my hands on her breasts. I stroked them lovingly, cupping her breasts in my hands and massaging them in my palms. Just as I was tweaking her nipples between my thumbs and index fingers, I felt her hand slide down my chest. Nicole slipped her hand inside my shorts and briefs, grasping hold of my cock.

I broke off our passionate kisses and leaned forward, so I could kiss each of her nipples. I kissed around her hard nipples, and then encircled each one of them with my tongue. I watched as she tugged down my shorts and white tighties at the same time. Nicole bent down and removed my hiking boots. As I kicked my legs out of my shorts, she stood before me and untied her skirt. I watched her skirt join my shorts and briefs, which were already on the floor behind her. 

I eyed Nicole's lovely body, as she stood before me wearing only lace French cut panties. I remembered she had been wearing thongs earlier today, so I knew she had changed into a new pair of panties.

Nicole knelt on the floor and positioned herself between my legs. She started kissing the insides of my thighs. Then, she grabbed hold of my hard cock at its base and engulfed it in her mouth. She toyed with the head of my cock with her tongue. She didn't wait too long before she was swallowing almost the entire length of my shaft. 

I was always impressed by her oral skills, which I definitely could not complain about. Nicole could really suck a guy's cock off, and she knew that. Even better, it was obvious to me that she enjoyed using her lips and tongue to make a guy's toes curl.

I placed my right hand underneath her, so my hand was between her legs. I rubbed her pussy through her lace panties, as she sucked on my shaft. I pushed the crotch of her panties aside with my right hand. Then, I ran my three middle fingers along her moistening slit. Meanwhile, Nicole continued sucking me off, using her left hand to jack me off while she sucked on my shaft. 

It wasn't long before I shot a load of warm seed into her mouth, because I had been aroused just enough earlier that day. She attempted to shallow what she could, managing to take most of my load of semen. 

I asked her to stand up for me, and I pulled her onto me. Then, I rolled over, so that I was on top of her. I placed my hand between her legs again and inserted my two longest fingers inside her moist opening. I eased them in and out of her pussy, allowing only part of them to probe inside her love tunnel. 

As I increased the pace at which I fingered her pussy, I began toying with her clit, using the pad of my thumb to massage it gently. While I did this, I watched her eyes and held her right hand with my free hand. It was only a matter of a couple of minutes, and she started coming, involuntarily gyrating her hips off the couch as she let out cries of pleasure.

Nicole and I ended up not moving from the couch, as we cuddled and rested there for the rest of the evening. Later in the evening, we went upstairs to the bedroom, so we could sleep comfortably on the king size bed. I think I should I mention that we were both extremely tired, because we left Columbus at five o'clock in the morning. I guess we were both anxious to get away as possible.
