 Several large raindrops splashing across the windshield snapping her back into reality as she exited off of the Interstate. Seducing saxophone notes came through the speakers. She exhaled deeply and ran her hand over her dark brown ponytail, shifting in the bucket seat, almost regretting that she did not have on any underwear. She had just left him at his rig. He had to be in Texas in forty eight hours.

Forty eight hours . . .

It was just a little over that time a few days previous that they had met and started speaking . . .

* * * * *

"I don't have any hang-ups." His 6'3", strongly-built frame lay sprawled on her sofa, donning nothing more than a pair of navy and maroon plaid boxer-type shorts. His eyes, the most enticing crystal-clear medium blue, twinkled as an impish smile crossed his "just right" full lips. 

"You think?" she laughed.

* * * * *

Twenty minutes before, he had been sitting on the floor, between her legs, shirtless, as she rubbed his shoulder, arms, neck and back. She had alternated between hard, kneading motions, barely touching the skin strokes, and nail-running trails. She had run her fingers through his ample Eastern European chest hair. She had even removed her own shirt, revealing a red and white polka-dotted balconette bra, detailed with turquoise-hued bows and edging, and nonchalantly pressed her ample breasts up against his back.. She had told him about it on the phone the previous evening when they had spoken. It had been their third conversation.

He had rearranged his schedule to accommodate "swinging by" and meeting her in the flesh. He had seen her pictures and heard her voice. She had seen his pictures and heard his voice. They had discussed and clarified their "ground rules" - no sex on the first date. She didn't know about his thoughts, but she knew it was going to be a hard rule to follow as he had stimulated her with just a look. It had been a very long time since she had thought those things about a man so soon after meeting them. 

Perhaps it was the way that he so passionately kissed her when they first arrived at her home, tangling his fingers in her thick hair, pulling her head back forcefully and sliding his tongue into her mouth as she pressed herself up against his manly body. It might have been the other kiss, when he went to get up off of the floor, upper torso massage completed, turned around, and vigorously pressed himself up against her hand kissed her with such enthusiasm, the sofa actually moved on the hardwood floor.

* * * * *

Now, he was lying there with only a thin layer of fabric covering his masculinity while she caressed his legs - those perfectly built, strong legs. She attributed that to the constant over the road trips in his 18 Wheeler and the time he had spent in the seafaring branch of the military. Those premature impure thoughts crossed her mind again, visualizing him in his full dress uniform, then in camouflage, and finally him "out" of those outfits. She felt a burst of heat in between her legs.

"Really, I don't have any hang-ups. I mean, if I did, do you think I would be lying here on the sofa, nearly naked, of a woman I just met a few days ago?"

"I don't know. Maybe you have a woman in each state."

He smiled. "Oh yeah! I just have so much time to date and I have so many women beating down my door!" Besides, that is nothing more than a myth."

"I find that very hard to believe, looking as hot as you do."

"Me? Please!"

"Darlin', I don't know if you have been around the wrong women, or you just haven't looked in a mirror recently, but you are totally hot," she retorted, batting her long eyelashes.

He smiled again. "You have to stop. I do have to get back out through the door and the way you are inflating my head, I'm not going to be able to."

She ran her fingertips up and across his thigh, underneath the shorts, and trailed it along the crook of his leg where it met his body. He closed his eyes and let a little burst of air out from his lips. She enjoyed the fact that her touch made him feel good. She definitely relished the sight of his just-right cock rising inside of the shorts.

"You know, the former President didn't consider oral sex actual 'sex'," he remarked.

"Really now? Should I go put on that navy blue dress I have and then save it for evidence?"

She excused herself and went into the bathroom. She rinsed with mouthwash, went to the bathroom and washed her hands. She smiled in the mirror and purposely disheveled her hair a little more than it already was. "Bed head" sometimes has an affect on men, and she wanted to make sure she kept herself in his good graces. She had hoped that she had already made a favorable impression without appearing too "whorish". She was not used to doing this kind of thing as she was not easy. There was just something . . .no . . . it was everything about him that was driving her absolutely insane with lust, so much so that she had already acted on her feelings quicker than she had with any man in nearly eleven years.

She returned to the living room, and he, in turn, used the bathroom. He came back, they stayed in the living room a little longer, and she finally ordered him into the bedroom.

"There is more room for me to maneuver in there."

* * * * *

She wasted no time once he sat down on the bed and took off his socks. She pushed him backwards sideways on the bed, straddled him and began kissing him again, taking control of the moment. She moved her generous body along side of him, and he began to ravage her with even more forceful kisses, leaving her breathless. He lustily pulled down the cups of the Double D bra and began biting on her nipples. She closed her eyes, lost in the heat of the moment. 

"Harder." She licked it immensely.

He knelt upright, placed his fingers on her nipples, pinched and twisted hard. She writhed under the pain of it, as it was the only sexual pain that she found pleasurable. She looked up to him and found him smiling. 

She fidgeted out from underneath him, and told him to lay the right way on the bed. He did so. Again, she began kissing him. She sucked his tongue in and out of her own mouth as he moaned, expressing satisfaction. In one quick movement, she slid down his body, knelt between his legs, and started removing the shorts. 

"Lift up your butt." She slid the shorts down around his calves and immediately wrapped her lips around his shaft, taking it all the way down her throat, getting her tongue out of her mouth at the same time and running it over his balls. "No use beating around the bush any longer," she thought as he exhaled loudly.

"Yeah Baby, that feels so good."

She continued to suck on his cock, alternating her mouth in turn with her hand and both. Her pulled her hair, held it in the style of two pigtails, and let it fall back into her face, all while saying phrases like "you like that cock in your mouth, don't you" and "Yeah, that's right Baby, suck on my cock." She was getting turned on more and more every time her talked. She liked it that he spoke that way to her. She did, after all, have an underlying submissive side that usually never shone itself to men until well into a relationship. As much as she didn't want to feel like a "whore" or a "slut", she savored the thought at the same time as it was the exact opposite of what she actually was - a good girl who really liked, no, really loved sex, but never indulged in forbidden trysts, one night stands or flings of fancy just for shear physical pleasure. She got herself off everyday to satisfy those urges. 

"You like my cock in your mouth, don't you?" she asked as she came up for air, regaining the eye contact that she had casually kept breaking.

"Oh yeah."

She slid down off of the bed, knees onto the hardwood floor.

"Move down."

He did as commanded. Again, down the throat he went as he sat on the edge of the bed. This made her feel even "dirtier" - the proverbial "on her knees". Their fingers intertwined as she went to work, so out of practice, hoping it felt as good for him as it felt for her. After a few more minutes, she looked up at him again.

"I want it. Give it to me."

"I want to jack off in your mouth." 

"Mmmmmmm, yeah." 

He proceeded to grab her almond-scented lotion off of her dresser, slathered it all over his dick, laid back down on the bed and proceeded with the quick motions. It didn't not take long.

"C'mon Baby, I want it."

It only took a few seconds after that moment.

"Oh yeah Baby, here it comes . . ."

She wrapped her lips around the top just as he came, filling her mouth. She swallowed it with each throb of semen. His whole body was tense as he breathed heavily, grunted, and looked furiously for something to grab onto. 

She stopped the slight sucking motion, draining the last few drops. She stood up off of the bed, ran her tongue, then the back of her hand over her moist lips. She smiled as she noticed that his whole body was still tense.

"God, you have to get poles or something here for me to grab onto!"

"There are the posts there on the headboard."

"No, I need them more up here," he motioned with his hands, holding them much higher than the headboard.

She went back into the bathroom, washed the lotion off of her hands, tucked her tits back into the brightly colored bra and went back into the bedroom, laying down next to him on the bed 

"Was that sufficient?"

"Oh yeah!" he stated succinctly.

"Good."

They laid there on the bed for a few minutes, her head on his shoulder, her fingers playing with the chest hair again. She managed after a little time to convince him to give up the side he was on, as that was "her side". She laid with her back to him and he slid in right up against her. She stopped him momentarily, lifted herself up on one arm, lifted her ass slightly, and threw her leg back over his into the pseudo-missionary position she loved so much. 

"Just want to make sure that it will work."

She removed her leg and laid back down on her side. He moved into her and threw his arm over her. She took his hand and placed it onto her left tit.

"You know, I usually like to be the dominant one. I like a more submissive woman."

She smiled with her back to him, and turned her face over her shoulder to meet his. "Really now? Not used to a woman pushing you down onto the bed and taking control?"

He laughed. "No, actually, I'm not. I like it when I have control over a woman in bed."

"That's all right because I like when a man takes control in bed." She turned away from him again.

"OK, besides the limits we discussed on the phone, do you have any others?"

"Let's see . . ." and she enumerated the five things that she would not do, including hard-core bondage and any type of picture taking. She paused and was thinking if there were any others.

"What about anal sex?" She remained silent.

"Well?" 

"If my silence didn't answer your question . . ." She trailed off.

He liked that she didn't object. "I like it if a woman plays with my ass. It feels really good to stimulate the prostate area . . ."

"I don't have any problems with that, as long as you promise that you'll take me from behind. I love that."

"Oh Baby, I think I can handle that."

* * * * *

They talked about the things they liked for another ten or fifteen minutes and somehow, he ended up with his legs on both sides of her shoulders, his cock in her mouth again. She didn't mind. She rather liked it - his hips thrusting his shaft down into the depths of her throat. She had told him that she had lacked a gag reflex due to an abundance of oral surgery she had received due to a line drive she had taken to the jaw while playing softball years previous. She enjoyed having her tonsils tickled, that lack of being able to breathe as a man filled her throat. 

"Get up for a minute," she stated, and he did. She swung her body around sideways on the bed, hanging her head and shoulders off of the side. "It has been a long time since I got to do this."

She took it into her hand, told him to lean forward, and slid his dick back into her throat again, this time, from an upside down position. She had always liked doing that. The feeling mentioned earlier, plus the rush of blood to her head made it even better for her. She had "warned" him that giving oral pleasure brought her pleasure. 

She continued blowing him for a few minutes more until he got back on the bed and she put herself proper above him. He bit on her nipples again. She stopped him briefly, long enough to lift her Right breast up some and run her own tongue over the now tender nipple.

She got up off the bed, retrieved a bottle of Lavender massage oil that had been collecting dust on her dresser, and returned to the bottom of the bed. She emptied some into her hand, handed him the bottle and cap, and proceeded to spread it all over his nether region. She stroked him and subtlety slid her other hand underneath him, sliding her fingers from the base of his balls, back to the other area men so frequently flinch at.

"Oh yeah Baby, that's it, play with my ass."

She did as commanded for around fifteen more minutes, stroking his cock with her right hand as her left hand fingers roamed aimlessly to and from over his opening. She winced and moaned out in delight. He kept grabbing her hair and pulling hard, which she liked, and moving his legs around, positioning himself so that she had better access.

"I want to cum on those beautiful tits this time."

"I like it on my tits." Her pussy had turned to Niagara Falls sometime before, but his last statement pushed her to a point of wetness she was no where accustomed to. 

As she continued sliding her hand up and down, he began telling her what he was going to do to her next time. He, in detail, told her what he was going to do to her next time they met:

"I am going to fuck you in the ass from behind next time. I'm gonna pull your hair and slap your ass. I want to stick it in your ass right now. Let me."

"No. The rule. When you do stick it in my ass, I want it all the way in, hard. I want to lie on my back, too, with my legs on one of your shoulders, and take it that way. I like taking it that way, makes me feel fuller. I want you to fuck me in the shower, too, while I hold onto the bar and bend over."

It didn't take much longer for his to shoot the second load, just as much as the first, all over her tits, bra and into her hair. She liked it and rubbed it all over.

"Jesus Christ!" he said as his body quaked again, the second time in approximately and hour.

Again, she retreated to the bathroom. They both wanted to take showers, and she offered for him to go first, as she liked taking a longer shower and didn't want to use up all of the hot water . . .

* * * * *

Before he had exited her vehicle back at his rig, he had kissed her again, placed his lips right up against her ear and told her another ass-fucking fantasy, this one taking place in the truck itself.

* * * * *

Somehow, she had managed to recall the entire day in her mind in a matter of five miles. She was still a good twenty miles from home, darkness had completely set upon the sky and the raindrops were increasing. She noticed that she was getting hot again . . .

Felt his teeth on her nipples again . . .

Imagined his hands tangled in her hair again . . .

And sighed out loud as she thought about all of the steamy carnal violations that were going to take place the next time they met. . .

To be continued . . .