 The rain had been falling all night. I had been driving the taxi since the dinner rush. I was tired but the calls kept coming, other drivers were sick, and my boss begged me to keep going as long as I could. 

I pulled up in front of the last address well after midnight. A man came out. He looked distracted. Serious. He threw a gym bag into the back seat, then slid in. He said nothing for a few long seconds so I caught his eye in the rearview mirror and asked 'Where to?'

'Just drive somewhere.' 

I get that sort of request all the time. A lot of people in the city don't own cars. But see, sometimes, people just need to move. A lot of taxi drivers won't take fares like that, but I understand the need to be moving, the hunger to just go somewhere ... anywhere but where you are. 

I turned and looked at him. He was handsome ... very. Just my type; cropped, spiky hair. Light eyes. Clean-shaven. I asked him how much money he had. He pulled a wad out, tossed it into the front the seat. I could see twenties, lots of them. I knew my boss would be drooling at the idea of a juicy fare, so I called in and said I had a passenger for the airport. 

'Passenger' the man repeated. His voice sounded cold. 

Out of the city, the sky was wider and the road opened up. The man sat in back, smoking, looking out the windows. He wiped the mist off them a couple times. I said 'Crack the window. It'll keep it from fogging up. I'll put the heater up a little.' 

He leaned forward so that his head was over the front seat, next to mine and said 'Drive faster.'

He smiled at me and I could see his eyes were the grey-green of the sea in a storm. Then he touched my neck. Softly, so softly, he traced a finger along my jaw. 'Faster' he whispered, and it sounded so suggestive, I suddenly wondered what it would be like to touch him, to fuck him. I flushed in the dark and he laughed, so low it sounded almost like a sigh. 'I can feel you blushing,' he said into my ear. 'you put off heat.' 

I sped up, the engine moaning into the night. It was dark outside the city limits, and the rain was falling harder now, but there was no other traffic on the road. I took the curves smoothly, wishing I were driving a sports car instead of this taxi. He sat back and lit a cigarette. We hit a long straightaway and I gave it even more gas, taking it up over a hundred. My heart was pounding as he leaned forward again, his head next to mine, silent. Then he put his hand around my neck, and my heart leapt in fear for a split second. He slid it lower, down into my bra. He cupped my breast and pinched my nipple. 

Just then a sharp turn appeared ahead. I screamed a little as I tried to turn into it, tapping the brake pedal, but we were going too fast on the slick road and the car broke loose and spun. I gripped the wheel and held it steady, but he was thrown back, sprawling, across the back seat as the car rocked to a stop on the shoulder. 

I caught my breath slowly, gradually relaxing my white-knuckled grip on the wheel. 

We were on an isolated stretch of road, only the occasional car shushing by in the rain. He sat back up, breathing heavily, then got out of the back, opened my door and pulled me out of the seat and onto my feet. He crushed me to him, kissing me roughly. I didn't even think of resisting. I kissed him back, my tongue plunging into his mouth, violent. He bit at my lips like an attack. 

It was raining hard, as we devoured one another. My hair and my shirt were soaked, my feet sinking in the sodden ground, his mouth on mine and his hands slid, wet, over my skin, pulling my top and my bra over my head as I fumbled with buttons, pulling his shirt off him. I bit his shoulders, his neck, feeling nothing but the heat coursing through my veins. He had my pants down around my knees, his fingers slipping between my thighs, when I murmured into his mouth "the car, get in the back seat" 

"No," he said "come with me. Into the trees." 

I had to hold my pants up as I stumbled after him. He stopped and stripped off his clothes. A flash of lightning lit his naked body and I could see he was powerfully erect, dripping with rain, shimmering with heat. He watched me intently as I slid my waterlogged pants off my body and tossed them aside. 

His arms were around me in the downpour, his hands slipping over the skin of my back as his tongue slid over my nipples. He bit them and I cried out a little but he didn't stop, torturing me with sharp little nips until I couldn't separate the pain from the pleasure and my cries became moans. I dug my fingers into his hair, pulled his head away from my breasts. I sank to my knees in the wet grass, running my nails down his chest to his hips. I pulled him closer, my tongue tracing circles on his hips and belly. His cock was cool and slick with rain and he moaned long and low as I took the tip in my mouth, flicking it slowly, teasing him. I worked him slowly deeper into my mouth, inch by inch, tormenting him. I heard his breath catch, almost a sob, or as if he were trying very hard not to scream. I clamped my lips down and swirled my tongue along the length slowly and he groaned. He pulled away and lay dawn, pulling me alongside him. The ground was muddy and made squishing sounds as our bodies writhed together, His legs were around mine, his lips on mine again. My hands touched him everywhere, feeling the muscles under the coolness of his wet skin. 

He rolled on top of me, spreading my legs, then he sat up and just looked at me. His eyes were intense. I could feel the raindrops on my pussy. He leaned over and put his hand on me, slipping his finger deftly inside me. It was cold, and I shuddered. He circled my clit insistently and I whimpered with pleasure. Leaning over me, he licked and sucked at my nipples again while he pushed my legs further apart and slid a second finger inside me. His mouth worked its way down my body slowly, his tongue wet, hot, mingling with the rain on my skin. When it touched my clit, it felt deliciously hot, and my back arched automatically. I grabbed his head, pushing him into me as he bathed my throbbing clit with his tongue. His fingers, still inside me, curved up and found my G-spot. I drew a deep breath, rocking my hips into his face, fucking his fingers. I knew I would come soon like this, but I wanted to prolong the ecstasy. 

I propped myself up on my elbows, looking down at him. The sight of him eating my pussy was so hot. But I wanted to know what it felt like to have him inside me. I grabbed a handful of his hair and pulled him away from me. He looked up at me, looked right into my eyes and right through me as he slid up my body, slick with the rain. His gaze held mine as he guided himself slowly towards my pussy, wet now with more than just rain. I reached down and wrapped my fingers around his cock. It felt cool and wet where it touched my opening. Then slowly, he pushed it inside me, filling me. He went so slow, still looking into my eyes. Deeper and deeper, until he was all the way inside me, our hips locked together. He didn't move for a minute or two, except to lean his head down and kiss me again, his tongue gentler this time, searching. His body was warm where it touched mine. I could feel the excitement building in me even before he started to rock his hips into mine, pumping slowly, grinding hard against my clit. I moved my hips from side to side. I could feel his cock inside me, working into my G-spot, and I grabbed his ass, pulling him deeper into me, my moans growing louder. Despite how wet we were, the friction and the heat of our bodies where they met felt delicious and I felt my orgasm build. My muscles begin to twitch around him. He groaned and quickened the pace, making me cry out. I realized there was no one to hear us and I began to moan louder, the excitement and the wildness of the storm carrying me. He thrust into me harder still, and my cries became a growl, low and animal. I felt primitive and wild, there in the rain. His eyes never left mine. I could see them, even in the dark, burning with a strange intensity. 

I was getting close now. I was biting his shoulders, scratching at him, pulling at him, wanting him deeper still inside me, and my cries were wild, feral; I was someone I didn't recognize. He slowed, and then stopped, still looking into my eyes. 

'Not yet' he said.

I groaned a little as he pulled away from me, standing up, pulling me up beside him, running his hands over my body. It was really raining now, coming down in sheets, splashing mud up onto our legs. We were touching each other all over, hands gliding over rain-soaked skin, moans escaping our lips as they locked together, kissing deeply. He slid behind me, his hands on my breasts as he sucked and nibbled the back of my neck. Then one hand slipped up my back to my hair and bent me forward while he pulled my hips towards him. His cock parted my lips and slid into me with one long thrust and I almost screamed. I thrust back against him hungrily and he plunged into me over and over. I was out of control, my breathing ragged, I could only make small high cries: begging, arching against him, trying to take him deeper. He grabbed my hips and held them firmly, slowing me down and I groaned, low and deep and animal, writhing on his cock, feeling my breath choking in my throat as my body tensed. I was shaking, quivering with need, and I writhed and pushed back against him, sending his cock right into my sweet spot, a moan exploding out of my throat. I started to orgasm, small explosions sending waves of pleasure reverberating through me. I was moving on him in a frenzy now, out of control and his shattered moans were becoming louder as he slammed into me harder and faster, sending me even higher. He gasped and shuddered with his orgasm as I spasmed uncontrollably on his shaft, screamed and shook and exploded, coming harder than I have ever come before. 

He sat up front with me as we drove quietly back into the city, smoking and making only a little effort at small talk. When we pulled up in front of his address though, he kissed me again and handed me his card. 

'Next time,' he told me with a grin 'I'll do the driving.'