 We have a wonderful evening out, a quiet restaurant hidden away, we have been here before many times and spend the hours talking about life and love in general, discussing the life you have away from me, the life with your wife and family that I know you have. 

We make plans for a future we both know will not happen, a life together that is impossible but so wanted and needed by both of us, knowing that neither of us can leave the other life we have and start again, it would cost us too much. 

We finish our meal hours after we sat down, creating our own private world within the larger one and losing track of time. You look at me across the table and ask if I am ready to go home, I don't want to go because I know it brings me one step back towards losing you again but I nod my assent and we pay the bill and leave. 

Wandering home hand-in-hand, we still talk about our dreams and aspirations, how much we would do if we were together forever. We walk by the river and watch the water, each silent in our own thoughts, as we stop and watch the swans. 

Your arms come around my shoulders as I say, "Did you know that swans mate for life? If one dies the other pines." 

Your answer is to tighten your arms around me and kiss the top of my head. I know what you are thinking, the same thoughts are my own. We should be those swans – content in their lives. 

You turn me around and tilt my face to yours, bending to kiss me softly.

"I'm sorry." is all that you say.

I don't reply, I don't need to. You take my hand and we continue our walk home. You choose that moment to tell me that I have you all night. I swing around and look at you 

"All night? How?"

"I told her I was away at a conference for two days. I need this time with you, I miss you so much, I want to know what it is to wake up next to you in the morning and not have to leave in the middle of the night in a hurry." 

I smile happily, my satisfaction showing on my face, tonight, for once you are going to be mine completely. We reach home finally and you open the door, stepping inside and breathing deeply.

"Home," you whisper, and I smile again, watching you. 

You turn to me and start to undress me, not saying a word, not having to. Standing together eventually both naked our hands move across each other, every time seeming like the first, re- discovering each other over again. 

You take my hand and lead me to the bedroom. I feel you shaking with need, passion and love. Turning to me without a word, you take me into your arms, kissing me deeply. I know immediately what I want and need:

I am going to let you make me cry with the most wonderful pleasure I know I am going to have as you take me. How deeply can you go? 

From above and below, front and back until I don't know or care which way is up, all I will know is you and the pleasure we give, the feeling of pleasure as you plunge deeply into me making me cry out, the noise coming from deep within my throat centering everything on the feel of you, the touch of you, the wanting of you, as you plunge in and out faster and faster, grinding my clit under you, hard and wet against you, each stroke taking me higher and higher hearing and feeling the passion and wet juices of both our bodies as you try and bury yourself, my legs wanting to get wider and wider so that I can take you as deep as possible, feeling the head of your cock right up into my womb, pushing, stretching me until it feels as though you will split me in two but still trying to take you deeper as though I will die if I don't, as though part of me will not be satisfied without it and, knowing that it is not true does not stop me.

I have to have you - all of you, inside me, till it hurts, till we are not two but one, till we breathe together, move together and feel together, you feeling the pain as you push and the pleasure as I feel the pain, knowing that the pain is what I need to feel and I, will feel your pain as you work towards climax.  

The pain that starts at the root of your balls, working its way up, the pain of knowing that you are hurting me and the pleasure of knowing I don't care, its a hurt I want to feel and live with, the glory of knowing that between us both we are going to take each other higher and farther than anyone has ever taken us. 

There are no words to describe it – only feelings and pictures and we are the only people in the world who know what those feelings and pictures are. I feel you start to cum and see the explosion in your mind as you arch your back towards me, desperate to get your hips closer to me and take me one last time, deeper than any other. 

I let go and cum with you shaking from head to foot with total uncontrolled passion, my body trying to pull you in as you plough into me, my clit on fire and begging out for more as it betrays my mind and whether I want to or not, you know I need more. 

As you pull out of me the cum gushes out soaking us both and you kiss me, passionately, deeply then tell me how much you love that feeling, hot and wet between us. The bond still there, you kiss me again and move down my body slowly until you reach my solid clit, you open your mouth and suck me in, making me buck beneath you and gush wet again as you lick up the juices. 

Your hand parts my lips so that you can get better access to me, making me moan louder, rising to meet your mouth. Your teeth nip my clit driving me totally wild and I try to move my own fingers in to assist in satisfying myself. You carefully take them away lick them clean and bite them telling me to keep out. Your head lowers again and I grip the bedcovers in an attempt to do as I am told. Your fingers plunge deeply into me and move around judging the wetness. Your hand makes its way to my mouth and you give me your fingers to clean. 

I lick and suck them until you take them away from me, all the time your face is buried in my pussy, your tongue playing havoc with my clit. I am close to cumming now, your hands hold my arse as you suck furiously on my huge, swollen clit making me squirm and thrust my hips towards you. 

I start shaking as I feel my orgasm approaching very fast, you grip me with your mouth and hands even tighter as your thumb finds my arse and slides into it making me thrust towards you even more – I start cumming - every muscle in my body going rigid you feel it thorough my legs, my stomach, my arse and in my clit as it pulses with every contraction, your mouth greedily lapping it all up. 

You move up me and turn me over, bearing my arse and glistening wet pussy to you, then, without a word or look at me, you put one hand in my hair and plunge deeply into me, withdrawing and plunging back in as though your life depended on it, your free hand sits lightly on my hip as thou to guide me, but, impaled, I don't need guiding.

I need you, deeply and with total animal lust - inside me. The combination of our cum, your saliva and my juices running all over both of us letting you slide deeply. I push myself back towards you and lower my shoulders towards the bed, exposing more of myself to you.

You let go of my hair, grabbing the cheeks of my arse, you pull them apart to let yourself get even deeper. This has the effect of making me push myself back against you even harder and you match me push for push until the force of us both is making us sweat. Pumping hard and deep, one hand moves round to the front of me and slides into my cunt until it finds my clit. 

You start rubbing and massaging until it finds the right spot - the one that makes me moan deeply and push myself back onto your long, hard cock. You rub me all the time you are pumping me making me moan out loud telling you to rub harder you know I am not far from cumming again. You carry on rubbing my clit, it grows totally hard and large under your finger care until I start to cum, over and over again while you thrust at me from behind. I feel you change pace a little and know that you are going to cum soon too, a thought that makes me contract around you again, wanting to milk every last drop out of you. 

With a rumble and a moan you tell me you are cumming and you convulse behind me, pushing hard calling out loud. 

Spent, we collapse in a heap, you still inside me and your fingers buried in my cunt gently stroking and feeling the wet. We fall asleep and I am later woken with the feel of your fingers rubbing my clit and you make love to me slowly and gently over again.

When we are finally satisfied, we sleep, deeply, wrapped together, holding each other as though our lives depended on it, every limb intertwined, arms, fingers, legs. Every part of us wanting and needing to touch, even in our sleep. 

The following morning we wake still entwined and again you make love to me, slowly, gently, both of us feeling the wonder of waking up next to each other. When we have finished making love, we finally bath and get dressed taking our time over each other, hiding the bodies we know so well and miss so much. 

Eventually we cannot put off the inevitable any longer and we have to go back to our lives. You leave me sad with the promise that this will happen again soon. I know it will, we love each other too much for it not to happen again.