 (As told through the eyes of her lover!!!)

Running late again. Work seems to be controlling my life anymore, but my mind has been totally on Hannah and how I might please her tonight. I stop by the local floral shop and buy a dozen white roses and some vanilla scented candle tea's.

I pull into the driveway and notice that her office light is on. Damn, she must be busy working on her newest project. Well, I'll just have to entice her into a break. I'm so sick of us not having time together.

I slowly enter the house, "Hey honey, I'm home, I'll be in to see you in a minute!"

Hannah responds, "OK baby! Let me finish this one portion of the project and I'll be right there. I ordered out for us! It should be here anytime."

"Thanks sweetheart!" I say moving hurriedly up to the bedroom.

As I go I drop rose petals on the floor to the bedroom and into the bathroom; saving a half dozen for the bathtub. I place the candles around the edge of the tub and light them. I turn on the radio softly...

I begin to fill the tub. I then cut the stems of the roses and let them float in the water. They bob and dance around the tub as it fills. Vanilla aroma fills the air.

"What are you doing?" Hannah yells.

"Just getting ready for a bath, baby! Come up when you can!"

I take of my clothes and slip into my red silk boxers. My cock begins to swell at the thought of being with Hannah.

As she walks down the hallway she notices the rose petals on the floor. She giggles..."Honey? Where are you?"

"Come here babe," I tease.

Hannah walks in the door and notices my silk boxers and risen cock. "Oh my!" she says. I walk over to her and look deeply into her eyes. "Oh honey, I've so neglected our time together. I'm so sorry, let's enjoy each other tonight!"

"Oh please! That's sounds wonderful" she responds. Then the doorbell rings. "It must be the food, I'll get some wine and bring it up here."

By this time my cock was so swollen and pre-cum was making my boxers wet. My God, it has been too long since we have made love. I wanted her so bad! I could hardly stand it.

She returned with the food and wine and set it on the nightstand. "Come here sweetie!" I said. Hannah walked over and I slowly began to undress her. 

I held her head in my hands and began to kiss her deeply. I pulled her head back gently and began to kiss down her neck. "Oh baby," she moaned.

I slowly unbuttoned her blouse, kissing down her bra line. Caressing her breasts through her bra. Her nipples began to rise. "Oh honey, I want you so bad!" I whispered. I slowly unsnapped her bra and gently, slowly moved it off her shoulders. "Oh my God, you are so beautiful, Hannah," I moaned.

I began to lick circles around her nipples; gently rubbing her breasts. Hannah began to moan and run her fingers through my hair as I moved lower.

I dropped to my knees. I began to lick her belly button. My tongue flicked and dipped in inside.

I began to slowly undo her pants. First the button and then the zipper...kissing down all the time. Her body began to shiver at the thought. She erotically moved her hips as I removed her pants...sliding them down.

I cupped her pussy and found her panties to be all wet. "Oh yeah! You smell so sweet Hannah!"

I slowly removed her panties as I kissed her lower belly moving down toward her pussy. After her panties reached the floor I slid my hands back up her legs to her ass...rubbing, massaging.

I lightly blew around her pussy. Hannah began to moan louder. As I caressed her ass I slowly extended my tongue to open her up. Slowly inserting my tongue in her lower pussy...juices let loose on my tongue...so sweet. 

I moved my tongue up slowly...dipping in her...moving up her inner lips...finally to her hardened clit. Hannah let out a scream and shivered!

"Take me!" she screamed! I laid her on the floor and began to dip my tongue deep inside. She was gripping my tongue with her pussy as the juices flowed down her ass. How wonderful!! It had been too long...

I continued to please her... mouthing her pussy, sucking her clit into my mouth...flicking her clit with my tongue. Grabbing her ass and pulling her closer....reaching up and palming her breast, then rolling her nipples between my thumb and forefinger. I reached down and dipped some of her juices and rubbed it on her nipples...so slick, nipples so erect and hard. She began to scream, "Yes! OH YES! MORE, SUCK ME MORE, HARDER!!!"

I began to suck her clit like a wild man. Pulling her clit into my mouth and licking circles around it. Licking back and forth! She began to buck and move, thrusting her pussy into my face. I reached back to grab her ass again to bury my face in her.

I reached one hand below my mouth and inserted two fingers in her pussy. Pumping, licking, pumping. I began to rotate my fingers when she tensed up, her clit swelled....then CUMMMMMMMMMMM. She screamed, "YYYYYEESSSSS"

Hannah's body moved uncontrollably on the floor. Her pussy swollen, nipples fully erect!

She was so sensitive, so I moved up her body...kissing and caressing. My cock so swollen. I gently kissed her nipples; licking them slowly. I moved up kissing her neck. Looking deeply into her eyes... smiling. "Oh honey, I love you so much!" I whispered.

I then lifted her off the floor and took her by the hand into the bathroom. With surprise and delight she noticed the floating roses and the candles.

We brought the food into the bathroom, slipped in the tub and ate, talked about the day, and prepared for another session of intense love making. Hannah and I knew that what we just experienced was a mere foreshadow to what was about to occur.

After a wonderful dinner and intimate talk together in the tub, I laid my head back to rest. The candles were still burning and the roses were afloat among the bath bubbles.

"Close your eyes, baby," Hannah whispered. Slowly she began to massage my legs working her way up to my cock.

Hannah's beautiful smile and sensuous body already had me aroused, but this brought a rush to my cock. Fully erect and hard she began to rotate her hand around my shaft. She then slipped her other hand under the water and cupped my balls. "Oh my God, Hannah, that feels so unbelievable," I moaned.

Hannah continued sliding her hand up and down my shaft, slowly rotating her hand as she pumped. I raised my cock toward her.

Hannah slowly moved down and began to lick my head. "Oh yes! Oh my God, Hannah, yes," I gasped. She placed the head of my cock completely in her mouth, rubbing circles around the head with her tongue. Still rubbing my balls and sliding her hand on my lower shaft. She had me completely.

I reached down and slowly rubbed her head, massaging lightly behind her ears as sucked harder on me. "Hannah, you are so good to me," I whispered. "I love you so much!"

She then stood to her feet, looking down at me. The water and suds rushed down her body. Bubbles flowed down her body, parting at her nipples and around her belly button. "Oh my, Hannah, you are so GORGEOUS!"

"Let's move to the bed," she said with an airy voice. At that she grabbed a towel and I stood up. Cock fully engorged and ready.

I took the towel from her and began to slowly pat her dry. I took pleasure in licking the water drips from her chin, then her nipples, licking my way down while patting her back dry.

She stepped out and slipped on a red silk slip nightie. It had straps for the shoulders and lace tracing down her bust line. The hem came just below her pussy and ass with slits up the sides to the top of her hips.

Her nipples were so erect and showed beautifully through the slip. She then let her hair down. As she shook her head slowly, her long blonde hair gently flowed down her shoulders.

"Hannah, you are the most erotic and beautiful woman! I'm the most fortunate man in the world to have a woman like you loving me," I said moving toward her.

I scooped her off her feet and held her tight. She giggled as we headed for the bed. I laughed with her as I dropped her on the bed, bouncing her a bit.

Hannah looked so sensuous, so passionate, so strikingly beautiful. I moved into bed with her.

I moved my arm behind her and my other hand slowly began to hold and massage her left breast. I held her tight and began to kiss her. Lightly placing my lips on hers. Our tongues mingled. I pulled her closer.  I reached up and slid her strap off her shoulder, exposing her left breast. I licked my fingers and then began to rub her nipples as we kissed.

Hannah began to moan and throw her head back. I reached down and began to suck her nipples...licking them..gently pulling on them. I then slid my hand down her stomach to her wet pussy. "Oh Hannah, you feel so good," I whispered as I ran a finger up her slit to her clit. Pulling her juices up to make her clit so wet and slick. I began slowly, rubbing my finger around the outside of her clit. Dipping down into her rose for more...pumping.

Hannah reached down and grabbed my cock. Pumping it and massaging my balls every now and again. My precum dripped on her hand. "Oh baby, may I?" she asked. "Oh yeah," I said with delight. She then moved down on me, placing her pussy in my face. We became fully and completely lost in one another. Both feeling immense pleasure and delight. She sucking me; me pulling her clit deep into my mouth.

I pulled Hannah around and rolled over on top of her. I slid between her legs and grabbed my cock. I began to rub her clit with my cock head and run it up and down her slit. "FUCK ME!" She screamed. I placed my cock at the mouth of her pussy. Slowly entered, stretching her as I moved in. I reached down, her juices in my mouth and mine in hers, and kissed her deeply. We could feel the slickness of each other's juices as we kissed so passionately.

I began to pump her faster and deeper. "Oh my god, Hannah, you feel so good, so tight!" I moaned. I began to pump her faster and faster. My balls were bouncing on her ass.

I raised up and looked down at us. The hair line on my torso trailed from my chest down to my cock as I watched us pump. Hannah's nipples were erect on her rounded breasts. I became so hot looking at her raised pussy. She was receiving me with such passion. I lifted her head so she could watch us pump together. She moaned louder and louder.

I continued to pump harder and harder. "Let's do it doggy style!" she whispered with delight. "Yeah!" I responded.

Hannah flipped over and raised to her knees. I placed my cock in her from behind. "Oh YEAH!" I screamed! I began to pump her wildly. Hannah gasped and began to breath heavier and louder. I leaned down on her back and reached around to rub her clit as I pumped her harder and harder.

I slammed her so hard, she had to steady herself. The bed was rocking as we went at it. Her clit was so raised and hard. Our mingled juices were running as I pulled them up to rub her clit as I pumped.

"OH MY GOD HANNAH!" I CAN'T WAIT MUCH LONGER!!" I yelled. "Do it baby! Cum in me," she said in a breathless way.

CUUUUMMMMMINNNNNGGGG.."AAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWW, SHIT!" I yelled. "YESSSSS"  CUUUUMMMIIINNNGG AGAIN, and again.

I kept pumping as she gripped me tighter...Hannah began to jolt as well.  "OOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHH, OOOHHHHHHH" she screamed. I kept pumping, hoping she could cum. "YEESSSS, YESSSS, MORE!" she yelled. She was gripping me so tight when....CUMMMMMMINNNNNNNNNGG CUMMMMMMINGGGGGGGGGGGG, she was bucking and jolting!

I slowed my pumping down. I was still erect from the intensity.

We both collapsed on the bed. Smiling at each other....saying nothing...just looking deeply into each other's eyes.

"I love you Hannah" I whispered. We laid together, caressing each other's faces and kissing for hours.

Oh the love we share......