 Finally satisfying our need to wait no longer and take each other skin to skin with nothing to hide and no inhibitions. Your back against the door, legs and arms wrapped around me, my rock hard cock slides in and out of you as you get wetter and wetter while pulling me inside of you deeper with your legs and hips. I focus on finding that perfect position and rhythm to coax from your yearning loins that primal intense release that's music to my ears. Your breath heavies and gets shallow as you dig into my back and bury your face against my neck in an attempt to hang on as you lose control. We're both soaked in your nectar and I'm more turned on than ever. You're faintly aware of how loudly you're moaning. With your inhibitions melting, you feel yourself losing control once more and beg me to fuck you harder.

You begin to convulse, faintly aware of how loudly you're moaning. With your inhibitions melting, you feel yourself losing control. You tell me you love my cock and beg me to fuck you harder. A lifetime of reserved sex melts away as you cling to me and cum like you've never cum before.

Still wanting more we adjourn to the bedroom where I tell you to climb on my face. As I taste your sweet nectar I slowly trace the letters Y O U R E A L L M I N E over your swollen clit and lips with my tongue. Then lead into the entire alphabet A to Z over and over again as the sensitivity becomes overwhelming.

Once again you begin to tremble and shake. Feeling so vulnerable, but so sexy too, knowing I can taste you. My tongue puts you over the top and you collapse with another incredible orgasm. We change things up as you lie beside of me, you begin to suck my cock. Licking it up and down, finally taking the head into your mouth. Sliding all of me into my mouth as you lightly play with my balls. I begin to moan as you taste me...you twirl your tongue over the head as you suck me a little more deeply. You find I moan with more intensity as your tongue slides over my shaft just below the head and begin rubbing and pressing on my taint and ass as your mouth slides up and down my shaft till finally it's your turn to make me release. Deep inside your mouth. You swallow my juices and suck me dry then climb on top once more to kiss me passionately and feel my softening cock slide up and down between your now tender lips. We lie together as I hold you and fall asleep naked relaxed and freed from the chains of inhibition. Sleeping on top of of me is heavenly to you, Waking up a couple of hours later, you find yourself wanting more. Moving your hips slowly and pressing into me with your lips sliding over my length, you feel me begin to stir. As I wake slightly from the most relaxing sleep ever I find myself stimulated erect and yet relaxed from an amazing night with such a gorgeous woman. 

You kiss me and your hips thrust forward and backward teasing my bare cock at your entrance. Knowing its wrong but still feeling that need to feel myself inside you I slowly slide my hands up your back then down to your sexy ass and push myself towards alignment. We kiss and feel each others bodies for a short time till your inhibitions dwindle and you weigh your desire to take all of me inside of you raw.

Conflicting thoughts whirl through your head. You know you can't have intercourse without protection with a man you just met. But my cock feels so good. You feel me harden and you moan as we kiss. You feel so naughty but you also feel yourself getting turned on. You feel me position myself. You know you need to get off me before it's too late. But you can't bring yourself to move. As I begin to slide inside you bareback you moan and push yourself on top of me. We begin to fuck and you move your hips to greet each of my thrusts. The thought of my bare cock inside you has you close to orgams almost immediately and we both begin to breathe even deeper. I clutch on to you as we fuck. My moaning turns to words, "fuck me. please, yes, fuck me".

I look down watching my shaft disappear and reappear with every thrust of our hips as you take every last inch I've got. 

I grab your ass and give it a couple good hard smacks. You moan again as my cock slides inside you deeper than ever.

I tell you I feel myself getting close.

The thought of me cumming inside you brings you even closer. You pick up the pace as you ride me. You look deeply into my eyes. I see your eyes widen. Filled with emotion, passion and desire. You don't have to say a word. I can see it in your eyes. You want me to cum for you. You want me to cum inside of you. You stare into my eyes as a wave of orgasm comes over you. I see your eyes widen even more. I watch your mouth open. "Uhhhh..I'm cumming, you moan!" 

Feeling your release around me pushes me over the edge and I lose control. My eyes roll as I arch my back and pull myself into you cumming so hard that your pussy fills up and my cum runs out of you and down my shaft.