 Neither one of us is particularly sure what to do. Not that we're inexperienced, but the situation has been so electrically charged for so long, that both of us are tentative to move. I'm so nervous that I'm bordering on sickness. I'm young and inexperienced and I don't want to mess this up and I'm terrified I will. So terrified that I'm on the verge of sickness, but with steady breathing I'm able to control myself.

I can only guess what it is you are thinking, but I imagine your hesitation has nothing to do with nervousness and more to do with heat. You're wondering where you should touch me first, and if you can control your reactions. Let's face it, we are both hot for each other, but you know you're going to an instant hard-on the moment you touch me. 

I walk to the window, and stand there arms crossed looking at what appears to be...fence. I pretend to be enraptured in some bird, when really all I'm doing is attempting to put my wits in order. So far it is not working so well. I knew we wanted to have dinner and chat first, so I decided to wear jeans that are form fitting, but not so much that I couldn't breathe. I decided to wear a nice sweater top, which hugs my breasts but not in an obscene way. It allowed me to look nice, it did not hide my natural curves, and kept me from causing instant hard on and killing any attempt at conversation during dinner. My fence trick isn't going to work for long but for the time being it gives me the ability to breathe.

It lasts for about five seconds. You move right behind me. We're so close we should be touching, but far enough apart that the only things touching are our shirts. Our bodies haven't made contact. I can see your reflection in the window, your face on the left side of my body. Your lips are so close to my ear that I can easily hear your faint breathing, but we have yet to touch. We are so close I feel like I can feel your heartbeat on my back. I close my eyes not wanting to see what you will do, as If that will make me less nervous. My back is in line with your chest, and I sway a little but we still don't touch. I feel you move, your right arm coming slowly across my body. The moment your hand makes contact with my upper abdomen I sink backwards into you, my arms coming uncrossed and my hand immediately goes to yours, my fingers intertwining with yours and my hand resting on top, as if to stop you from causing me certain sexual agony of the very best kind. 

This doesn't work either, and you gently push your hand down my torso, taking my hand with it which is clutching you in a death grip. Your hand moves slowly, and the farther it goes the hotter my blood gets. My actual body just feels you lightly...most of the contact being wasted on my sweater, but its enough to make me need to lean into you. I knew it wouldn't take long before my knees got wobbly and quite frankly it's a bit embarrassing. I feel your body and stop for three seconds to marvel at the difference between a male and female body. Your chest is hard, your stomach firm, and your legs lean. You feel different from the soft curves of a woman. I have hugged plenty of men, but it still surprises me at the strength and stability of a man's torso. Your hand stops at my jeans, and I am leaning comfortably against you, but our breathing has changed dramatically. My heart is racing, and the feeling of your breath on my neck feels so good it's unbearable. I put a stop to it the only way I know how. I shift my weight more to the right side of your body and lean my head sideways. My left arm comes around gently and reaches the back of your neck. You read me perfectly and I gently guide your lips to my neck.

It doesn't take but a few seconds, but it feels like eternity. Your lips gently rest on my neck and my pulse immediately reacts. You part your lips slowly, dragging them across the delicate skin, and the moment the tip of your tongue comes in contact with my pulse point, my knees buckle. You must have anticipated this, because the arm around my waist tightens, and the hand simultaneously squeezes. You slowly drag your tongue halfway down my neck, and my tits begin to get very hard very quickly. You stop mid neck, and gently suck the skin into your teeth, nibbling so lightly...almost like a mouse. My body responds and shudders, and my mouth seems to leak electricity, and a guttural moan escapes my lips.

Once I moan there isn't any stopping you, or me for that matter. As nervous as I am I know what I want...and he's right behind me. That moan is the end of all things supremely delicate, and while you don't attack me, there's electricity in the air and thunder in your voice. Your cute accent has changed...it almost sounds deeper. It's husky and I can hear your desire. Your grip around my waist tightens, and your other hand supports my head. You devour my neck, dragging your lips and teeth up and down I shudder and involuntarily press my ass against your hips behind me. Now it's your turn to groan.

You aren't a quiet groaner like most men. You're nice and audible and that really turns me on. I like hearing the effect of my body as well as seeing it. My hand leaves your hand, and I reach around behind you and squeeze your ass, pulling our bodies closer and grinding against the raging hard on in your shorts. You groan again, and the hand that was so tightly gripped around my waist, slides upwards, touching everything in its path. Your hand gently cups my left breast, and you begin kneading while we both moan simultaneously. My nipple, which was already hard to begin with, suddenly feels like its on fire as you gently roll your thumb around it. Then you gently pinch it, and I feel as if it is so hard its going to explode. I feel liquid sex drip from my aching pussy and I know that I'm not going to make it through the night without getting dehydrated.

I've stopped thinking, and just started doing. I grind against you gently, while your hands cup each of my breasts, and tease me until I am so weak-kneed that I can barely stand. You slowly turn me around. I can't breathe because I know what's about to happen and it terrifies me. It isn't the kiss itself that scares me. You turn me completely, your arms around my waist supporting me, and I am looking directly at your stomach. You begin to tilt my head upwards, very gently. I close my eyes without thinking about it. I feel your finger running along my jaw line...I can't breathe. I don't know how but I take a deep breath. You speak softly, the words that terrify me...but I knew they were coming. "Look at me."

I know the moment I open my eyes that I have surrendered myself to you, and when I do I am completely vulnerable. You know me well enough to know it's a thought that frightens me, but I only pause a moment before I open my eyes, and look you straight in yours. It scares me that you read me so well...it's like you can look right through me. But when I look at you all I see is a reflection of what I'm feeling. This doesn't put me at ease but it does make me bolder, because what I'm feeling is so totally animalistic that it surprises me. I'm in heat and your cock is the only thing that will satisfy me. I know your passion, and I know how to make you hard, and I know I can make you harder than you have ever been. I lean in close... and whisper, "Kiss me."

When your lips come into contact with mine it feels as if my blood is boiling, and trying to merge with yours. Your lips are softer than I imagined, and fit perfectly on mine. My knees have turned into liquid, and you gently pick me up and carry me the few feet to the table. You set me on top gently, and cradling my neck with your hand, lean me back and onto the table top...never once ending the kiss. Our tongues slide against each other's searching for something they never seem to find. Our breathing is ragged, and your hands again seek my breasts. When they find their target I moan against your lips. I sit up, breaking the kiss, and begin to lightly suck on your earlobe...moaning lightly, knowing what it does to your dick, I begin to unbutton your shirt slowly, kissing every inch of your chest and torso. I slide it off your shoulders and onto the floor. Your hands, while not attacking, aren't as deft at removing my top. You tug it off, and immediately start on my jeans as well. The buttons are undone and the zipper is down before I can think to help you, and you hoist me off the table in an effort to pull them off. You get them down far enough and then set me down, and begin working them off. You forgot my shoes however, and I see you getting a bit flustered so I stop you. I pull my shoes off and kick my jeans off, and giggle a bit as I bring you closer to me, cradling you for a second, and then kissing you hungrily. I unzip your jeans and together we get them off. I massage you gently through your boxers, and your knees buckle this time, a long low groan escaping your lips. 

I push you away from me and sink to my knees. This is a moment both of us have been waiting for, and I want to savor it. I lean forward and gently nuzzle your hard-on. I can feel the heat radiating from your boxers. I gently lift the band up and away from your waist, slowly pulling them until your cock springs out. The boxers easily slide down your legs, and you kick them behind you. I gently stroke the insides of your thighs, and you shudder so violently, that I think it best that you lean against the table for support. I keep kissing and licking the inside of your thighs gently. I slowly lick between your balls, and am face to head with your cock. My lips are parted and I come within centimeters of the big purple head. I haven't even touched you and you groan softly. I can feel the heat on my face, and I can't wait any longer. I have to taste you. I slowly drag my tongue along the groove in the head of your cock.

Your stomach muscles contract and you begin calling out to nameless Gods as I go down on you...slowly so you don't cum too quickly. This being our first time together I'd rather have your cum inside my pussy then in my mouth. I'll swallow later on in the evening. I love the way the head of your cock feels as it slides against my cheek and my tongue. You sit up, hoist me off the floor, and deftly switch positions so I am sitting on the table. While you are completely naked, I still have my bra and panties on. You have little patience for hooks, and rip the back of my bra apart. You lean me backwards so I am lying on the table and begin to knead my breasts, your hands massaging everywhere. You place butterfly kisses along the crack between my breasts, and my unsteady breathing turns to panting. Your face hovers over my left breast, and your tongue darts out of your mouth. You circle the areola with your tongue, your hand never leaving the right breast. Your mouth comes down on my tit, and your tongue begins to tease it. You roll it between your lips and begin sucking almost like a hungry infant. The sound that I emanate is somewhere between a scream and a groan, and suddenly gripping the table isn't working. My hands are seeking something more fulfilling. I clutch your shoulders, but that doesn't give me the stability I'm seeking. Your hungry mouth has moved to the right tit, and I intertwine my fingers in your hair. Your mouth is creating an unbearable sensation in me, and it's making me ache to have you inside me. I want to pull you off because it's so good it hurts. Instead I just keep hold of you, and hold on.

You begin to kiss my stomach, your hands still massaging my breasts. Your moving south which will ultimately be certain death for me. I can't imagine my body can hold anymore passion than it is at the moment, but the second you begin tracing the lips of my pussy through my panties I realize I was dead wrong.

Your lips come down to gently nuzzle my clit, and I begin moaning your name. It is the only thing my brain can spit out at the moment. Your hands quickly pull my panties down my legs, touching every inch of skin as you go. I'm on fire, and worry that your tongue will melt the skin right off of my body. You kiss the inside of my thighs, and I involuntarily part them wider. You kiss the sweet spot where my leg meets my torso, you kiss my pubic bone...you kiss every single inch of skin surrounding my pussy. You are killing me and you know it. A puddle is forming on the table and I can no longer stand it. I groan "Eat me please."

You gently lick my pussy lips, tasting the sweet liquid that is covering them. I am making guttural noises, none of which you are able to discern. My clit is hard and pink and feels like it's going to explode. As your tongue darts across my clit, my hips leave the table. You grab them with your hands to keep me steady, and do it again. I scream and we both realize it isn't going to take much to make me orgasm. You run your tongue along my slit, and then slowly insert it into my gushing pussy. You begin to gently thrust and I begin to cum violently, my hips attempting to jerk, but you hold me down firmly. You keep thrusting your tongue, driving me insane. I'm writhing around on the table, making the sounds of a dying woman. Suddenly you replace your tongue with two fingers, which my pussy keeps contracting around. I'm blinded by an intense orgasmic wave as your mouth clamps around my clit. I immediately start another, stronger orgasm, no longer screaming but gasping to find air. My body is shaking uncontrollably as the orgasm rips through me, my pussy pouring liquid.

It feels like it lasts for hours, as wave after wave of my orgasm surges through my body. I finally stop, sweat pouring down me. I breathe deeply as if I haven't had oxygen for a long time. You sit me up, holding me against you, because if you didn't hold me I would crash back down on the table in sheer exhaustion. I lay my head on your shoulder, sucking on your neck, then kissing your jaw line, and finally locking my lips with yours. I part your lips gently, rolling my tongue around them tasting myself. The sweet leftover of my orgasm is enough to renew my energy and we begin kissing more forcefully. I slide to the edge of the table, roaming your face and neck with my lips. Your cock gets closer to my opening, and then you gently run your cock head up and down my slit. A groan comes from you. It's purely primal, and you lean against me, your head on my shoulder as you sink yourself inside me.

You stay still for a minute, leaning me back onto the table kissing my collarbone as you do. You lift my hips and slide them to the very end of the table. You slowly slide out of my pussy, threatening to slide out all the way, and then achingly slow, begin to slide it back in, teasing me and yourself. I bite my lip, gripping the sides of the table for support. You start pumping slowly, a groan rumbling from deep inside you, burying your face in my shoulder, almost as if you're in exquisite pain. We're driving each other insane; you going slowly, and me massaging you with my pussy. I hear you gently whisper "oh my God," as you pick up the pace. I'm gripping so hard my knuckles are white.

When you pull back I shudder, and when you thrust forward, my back arches off the table. You're holding onto my hips for dear life while you thrust into me with a force that makes me feel like your cock is reaching for my bellybutton. We buck together; sweat beading up on my stomach. The head of your cock sliding and creating friction inside is almost more than I can take. I squeeze hard as if trying to hold you inside of me. Your lips feel like flames, scorching my neck. I feel the beginning of a huge orgasm welling up deep inside me. My moans get louder, signaling impending orgasm. You kiss me relatively softly, looking me in the eyes. I claw your back with my fingernails, telling you I'm about to cum. You don't say anything but nod a bit and I know you are as well.

You drive harder, and I am overtaken with the most intense orgasm I have ever had. I'm off the table, back and head both. You catch me in your arms and hold me as I scream, cumming intensely on your cock. I give one long low scream, and convulse, my cunt contracting over and over again. I feel your cock begin to spurt, and you too begin groaning loudly, gripping me tighter as your cock shoots wad after wad of cum inside me; my orgasm milking you for all your worth. It seems to last for minutes, both of us orgasming passionately together. We finally begin to calm and our breathing slowly returns to normal. You fall into a chair next to you, and pull me off the table into your lap and hold me for a few minutes while we try to regain our composure. 

I nuzzle your neck lightly, and you chuckle a bit. We don't say anything. I kiss your neck lightly, brushing my lips back and forth. I wiggle a bit in the chair, in order to be more comfortable, and feel a familiar stirring. Your cock is gently nestled in between my ass cheeks. I wiggle again to see if I was correct, and you mutter an "mmm," and I feel you hardening. The only thing I can think to say is...

"Take me to bed ... or lose me forever". Giggling you pick me up, and start the trek upstairs to your bedroom.