 Your day begins with a morning wake up call, your alarm "Cock" has gone off...mmmm what a tasty breakfast for me! And of course, to conserve water and help wash your back, I must "assist" you in the shower as well. Sending you off to work with a promise of much more to "cum" when you get home. 

Periodically, throughout the day, you receive phone calls from me, simply telling you how much I want you...to taste you, to feel you and to simply devour you! 

Having arrived home after a long day, you walk in the door and see a trail of red rose petals across the floor. As you begin to follow the path, you begin to discard your clothes with each step. As you enter the bedroom and your anticipation building, the scent of burning candles and incense assails you. The room casts an amber glow as you see the rose petal path leading to the big king size bed we have made love in so many times and so many different ways. You see a single white rose lying across your pillow, faintly aware of the shower running in the background, as you read the note that simply, yet so powerfully states, "I am waiting for you...and I want you! 

As you enter the bathroom, you can see my naked outline through the beveled glass shower doors and your heart pumps even faster and your big cock suddenly springs to life with a mind of its own. I open the door and hold my hand out to you, my eyes speaking the desire and lust I feel, inviting you in. You step in and immediately grab me into your massively strong arms and kiss me so passionately and deeply, I am left weak in the knees. After several long minutes of your sweet and sensual kisses, you step back slightly, admiring my wet; glistening body and I see how aroused you are!!

Licking my lips, I kneel down at your feet and begin to lather your feet and legs with soap, running my hands up and down your legs and thighs, coming so close to your arousal...you moan and grab the shower handle to steady yourself. Slowly, I stand up and begin to lather your chest, letting my hands glide over your magnificent body and working around to your back, you feel my breath on your neck, just before I plant several soft, feathery kisses as I wrap my arms around you. 

You feel my breasts pressed into your back as I slowly caress your chest, down to your stomach, I feel you quiver and moan as I reach your massive erection!! It is so hard and so beautiful, standing there waiting for my touch...I slowly let my hands glide up and down the shaft, up and down, up and down, reaching your balls and caressing around them, under them, so turned on by your pleasure and moans. I feel you lean back and relax into me and as the water sluices down your body, I let my tongue lick your neck, shoulders, and back...still caressing your big, hard, cock and balls.

You are so aroused now, you cannot contain yourself so you spin around and pull me forcefully into your arms, my breasts against your chest, feeling your arousal pressed against my pubic bone. You begin your assault on my body by soaping my neck, feeling your sweet hands glide down to my breasts as you start at the outer edge of my breasts and work your way to the very hard and erect nipples, squeezing and pinching them, sending jolts of pleasure straight to my womanhood. I let my head fall back and moan in ecstasy!

I feel you slowly gliding your hands lower and lower until I feel you stop at my pelvic bone as you kneel down in front of me and let your hands trail down my thighs, my legs, my feet and slowly and torturously back up again. I steady myself by grabbing your shoulders as I feel your hot breath on my clit just mere seconds before I feel your tongue begin its assault on my hot, throbbing clit driving me wild!! You stop, look up at me, and whispered gently, "I want to feel your cum all over my face and I want to taste you baby!" OMG!! I am sooooo hot and wet and moan out a YES!! As you lick and suck my clit so masterfully. As your tongue continues, I feel your fingers gliding over my wetness and slip inside me, first one, then two then three fingers as I am trembling and moaning wildly. You begin to pump all three fingers in and out, in and out, still licking and sucking my clit, I cannot hold back any longer, my body convulses, you feel my muscles constrict around your fingers as you pump them in and out, faster and faster...I let go!! Screaming your name as my body is wracked with orgasmic convulsions, coming all over your fingers and tongue. I slump against the shower wall, depleted of energy!!

Standing up, you kiss me passionately and I taste my own juices on your lips and tongue. I can feel your arousal pressed hard against me. I kiss your neck and begin to nibble on your ear as I whisper that I want to feel your hardness in my ass! Letting out a long moan as I grab your arousal, I begin to rub it up and down my pussy lips and my ass. I turn around and continue to lubricate your massive hardness as I slowly insert the tip of your cock into my ass, you feel my muscles constrict a bit, as you grab my tits. Slowly and ever so gently you feel me easing myself back towards you until you are completely buried in my ass. OHHHH It feels sooooo good, soooo nice and tight around your hard, throbbing cock!! You are so aroused and whispering in my ear to make sure I am all right to which I moan out a yes!! Slowly you start pumping in and out, in and out, it is so tight you know it won't be long before you explode!

With each thrust, my chest is rubbing against the shower wall, causing them to tingle and arouse me further. You grab my hair and my shoulder and develop a steady rhythm - in and out, in and out- feeling the muscles tighten with each thrust deep inside me, you let go of my shoulder and reach around and begin to rub my clit! OMG!! It feels soooooooo good I almost explode with that first touch!

As you continue to rub my clit, rubbing it faster and in sync with your hard thrusts into my ass, I feel your balls slapping my thighs, I hear your breathing increase with each thrust, knowing your orgasm is near. You whisper into my ear, "GOD, it is sooooooo tight and feels sooooooo good", uttering each word in between gentle bites to the back of my neck, sending shivers through me. We both begin the first wave of orgasm, rocking and exploding! Screaming and hearing our echoes of pleasure bouncing off the walls, fueling us towards that last wave OMG!! YES!! As you fill my ass with your hot, sticky cum, I cum all over your hand, juices running down my thighs!

You collapse against me as I am pressed against the shower wall! Taking a moment to regain our breaths, we proceed to finish our shower...in between licks, nibbles and kisses of pure bliss. 

We step out of the shower and wrap towels around each other, proceeding to dry each other off, patting and rubbing. We look into each other's eyes and see our desires increasing with each pat and rub. The scent of roses and candles assail our senses. 

We passionately embrace and kiss each other fiercely --desire driving us forward! You take my hand, leading me to the rose petal covered bed, laying me down gently, my hair spreading across the pillow as you lay down beside me. We gently and lazily lay there, caressing each other allowing our senses to take over just reveling in the stroking and caressing. 

Feeling our desires increase with each stroke, I lean up on my elbow and begin to caress and stroke your face, down your neck and chest, marveling in the beauty of your exquisite body, finding the spot you love being stroked the most, your cock!! You fingers are caressing my body with increased fervor, finding my hot and wet spot, assaulting me with each stroke, we simply bask in the pleasure, and moans fill the air in an almost melodic rhythm.

By this time, we are really aroused again, I beg you to make love to me--- plssssssss plssssssssssssssss!! You moan out a YES!! As I rise to my knees, on all fours, my ass beckoning you, I feel you behind me grabbing my ass with one hand, the other gripping your hard cock and running it around my ass to my pussy and clit...as I beg, whimper and moan, plsssssss fuck me NOW!! You slowly insert the tip just inside me pussy lips, grabbing my ass to make sure I don't thrust back toward you, driving me insane!! You insert a little farther and just let it throb inside...not moving and forbidding me to as well...you are in complete control!! 

You reach around and rubbing small circles around my clit...then grasping it between your fingers and rolling it and tugging it... as you hear my moans and pleas, driving you on!! I reach back, around my ass and grab your cock, stroking the base, caressing your balls as I hear you gasp and moan...fueling me on as well. I hear you gasp harder and that is the final stroke I get, both so hot and consumed with desire, you ram all the way in!! OHHH GOOODDD I nearly climax then, you moan throwing your head back as you begin a slow, steady pumping...in and out...around and around, gripping my ass tightly, I feel your balls slapping my thighs as you feel me thrusting back to meet you!

Having reached a desire so hot and so raw, you increase your thrusts in and out, in and out, so fast and hard, neither of us in control any longer...letting desire and lust take over. We are fucking so hard and so fast, moaning, grunting, and screaming like wild animals driven by a force unknown to us before, I scream and tell you I can't hold back much longer and you reply you cant either. I beg you to cum with me; you pump furiously faster and faster, harder and harder, deeper and deeper and scream out a YES!! As our bodies are wracked with an orgasm so great, our bodies convulse and we are screaming!!

As the waves begin to recede, we collapse down onto the bed together, unable to move or speak for a while. Finally, you gain enough strength to roll off me, gather me into your arms where we fall into a deep slumber- resting and dreaming of the next wave of desire and lust we know is soon to come!!