 The following morning Nicole greeted me in bed with a smile and a kiss, before she handed me a cup of coffee. We sat and conversed, exchanging sweet almost poetic sayings. After a little while, our conversation turned to our plans for the day. I told her that I had wanted to cook a nice dinner for her, because I thought today would be a nice day for me to do so. 

Of course, she wanted to know what I was going to cook. I teasingly told her that I wouldn't tell, because I wanted it to be a surprise. I also told her that tonight would be her evening and left it at that. 

With the smile she gave me in response, I figured that she might have had an idea what I had in mind. I was hoping, however, that she only had a vague understanding of what I had meant by calling this evening her night. 

I told her that I wanted her to dress up tonight, and I knew she had left her dressy clothes at home. I suggest that she drive into either Gatlinburg or Pigeon Forge this afternoon. This would give me ample time to prepare a nice romantic dinner. I could hardly hold back the excitement that was building inside, as the day went on. 

I knew with a little time, some effort and a bit of knowledge from middle school home economics, as well as from my prior cooking experience that I could succeed in pleasing Nicole's taste buds. I also planned on pleasing her in other ways that evening, too!

Around four o'clock that afternoon, Nicole left to go shopping for herself. I started by looking through what food we had stocked in the cupboards and refrigerator, while I thought of my sweetie's taste in food. 

After finding two boxes of spaghetti in the cupboard and chicken breasts in the freezer, I quickly realized what I could make with those ingredients. But first I needed to shower and lay out something that I could change into right before Nicole got back. 

When I finished showering, I dried myself thoroughly and slipped into a pair of white tighties. Then, I went downstairs to the kitchen, so I could start cooking dinner. Once the chicken the chicken was fairly well cooked, I placed the spaghetti into a pot of water that was boiling on the stove. 

As darkness approached on this particular cool summer evening, I was in the kitchen busily finishing a sumptuous meal for my special female companion. The dining and living room area was illuminated with many candles, as well as the fireplace that provided the living room with a soft flickering ambience. 

The stereo, which was located in the living room, provided an inviting atmosphere for two possible lovers with very soft music playing in the background. The dinner table was covered with a lace tablecloth plus candles, a centerpiece, and the place settings done with great precision and care. 

I wanted everything to be absolutely perfect, so the romantic atmosphere would set the seductive tone for the evening. I wanted Nicole so badly and would stop at almost nothing to show the depth of my desire for her.

After I had the meal prepared, I went upstairs and changed into my clothing that I intended to wear this evening. I didn’t waste much though. I, however, wanted to make sure that I looked as good as possible, because Nicole was due to arrive shortly. I wore black dress slacks, a maroon button down dress shirt with a matching checkered tie, black dress socks and shiny black leather dress shoes. 

I was quivering inside at the anticipation of her arriving now as six o’clock approached. I was hoping she would want me as much, as I desired her and wanted to please her in everyway. 

Just then I heard Nicole’s vehicle outside. I felt my heart instantly skip a beat and could feel the butterflies in my stomach as I anxiously anticipated the evening ahead. I quickly fixed my hair and sprayed some cologne on my neck before I went to answer the door.

After I opened the door, I smiled as I greeted Nicole. I handed her a red carnation, which I knew she loved. I had bought the carnation yesterday when we were shopping, and I somehow managed to hide it in a paper bag in a drawer in the refrigerator. I told her that she should go change for dinner, and I also told her that I would have dinner ready soon.

I had just pulled the breadsticks out of the stove and finished preparing two small bowls of salad when Nicole walked into the kitchen. I was in complete awe, as my eyes focused on the young lady who was approaching me. The light from the nearby candles illuminated her, as she walked toward me.

Nicole was dressed in an elegant black sheath dress. The dress’s v-neckline revealed just enough skin while the length of the dress stopped a few inches short of her knees. Her long, shapely legs were covered with hose. I wondered if she was wearing pantyhose, stay-up nylons or possibly even stockings with garters. I could only imagine what else she was wearing underneath her stunning dress. 

I escorted Nicole to the table and held her chair as she down. After I pushed her chair toward the table, I whispered into her ear that she really knew how to dress up for a special occasion because she looked sexy yet sophisticated. 

Then, I went over to the stovetop and brought over our plates of food to the dining table. After I turned off the stove, I went and sat down across from her at the table. Soft conversation ensued as we slowly consumed the food. 

Our hands touched occasionally on top of table while our eyes were locked together. It seemed almost as our bodies were involuntarily gravitating toward each other. 

I had a rather difficult time concentrating on the exchanging of both sincere and flattering remarks during our dinner conversation. My eyes would periodically break contact with hers as nonchalantly as possible and scan the tan flesh beneath her neck to her forehead. It, however, didn’t take much notice to figure out that she had her eyes glued on me as well. 

As we were finishing our plates, we were basically starring into each other’s eyes. During this time, I kept thinking to myself how I loved how her eyes sparkled against the gentle illumination from the candlelight.

When we were done eating, we I told her that I hoped I had satisfied her appetite. I didn’t think the meal was anything overly special, but it appeared that Nicole really enjoyed the meal and appreciated the fact that I had cooked a nice meal for her. 

I took our plates to the sink. I returned to the table and stood behind her. I leaned forward, caressing where her shoulder met her neck, and whispered to her that I had purposely not made dessert because I planned on having her for dessert. 

I used both my hands and lips, sending caresses up and down the nape of her neck, as I massaged its lower portion. I slowly worked my hands across her shoulders, and then I slid them down a bit more, rubbing my palms against the tanned skin on her back. 

I became more passionate, brushing her hair to the side and fluttering my tongue up down her neck, as my hands went back to gently kneading her shoulders. I slipped my right hand down her side, following the contours of her womanly figure, as my hand made its way to her thigh. 

I stroked the inside of her inner right thigh, running my palm up her thigh to the edge of her stockings. Then, I sensually pushed the back of my hand down her thigh while I nibbled on her nearest ear lobe. 

After I discovered that she was wearing stockings held in place by garters, I hoped that this one of many pleasant surprises for the night. Nicole tended to wear the more casual pantyhose instead of nylons and stockings, so I was thrilled that my attractive girlfriend had decided to dress more provocatively. I was optimistic that this change would be a hint that she would be more inclined to dress less conservatively in the future. 

I continued stroking her, as I caressed her ear lobe with both my tongue and lips, circling the tip of my tongue around the edge of her ear lobe. Then, I went back to kneading her shoulders with my hands. Only this time I ran my fingers down her front and across the neckline of her dress. 

As I whispered to her how lovely she looked and that tonight would be a night dedicated for pleasuring her, I placed my hands on her breasts and started making circles around them. I sensually fondled her breasts with my hands, letting my fingers creep inward toward her nipples. I could feel them standing out erect, poking through the material of her dress.

With ‘things’ getting out, I knew it was time to retire to the bedroom, so I took her left hand with my right hand and led her that way. As soon as we had climbed the stairs that led to the lofted bedroom, Nicole wrapped herself around me. Her lips pressed against mine, as we held each other in a tight embrace. 

Just as quickly as the kissing began, it ended. I opened my eyes to see Nicole on her knees. She reached up and unzipped my pants. Then, she slipped her hand inside the waistband of my white tighties and took hold of my semi-hard cock. 

Nicole quickly brought it to its full length, stroking her closed hand along it length. I had planned for this to be a night exclusively for her, but what she was doing felt so nice that I couldn’t stop her.

I watched down below as she took my prick out and swirled the tip of her tongue against the head of my hard cock. Reaching inside my briefs, she tugged gently on my balls, while she continued licking my head of my cock. I just stood there, enjoying the sensations I was feeling as her tongue teased my shaft with her tongue. 

Through half-closed eyes, I watched as my cock slowly disappeared into her mouth. Nicole gradually worked up a steadily sucking motion, as she ran her tongue around the head and stroked her hand up and down along the base of my shaft. 

After a few minutes of sucking, she withdrew my cock from her mouth. She curled her fingers around the base of my shaft. She pushed my briefs down my thighs and licked my balls as she stroked my cock with her left hand. She drew circles around their shapes at first with the tip of her tongue and then pressed her flattened tongue against them, massaging them with it.

After Nicole had popped each of my nuts into her mouth, she resumed sucking my dick but with an added twist. She started a twisting technique—twisting her left hand circularly around most of my cock while her mouth was like an up and down tight piston on the head. It was an incredible feeling.

“Nicole don’t stop,” I uttered, “Please don’t stop. That feels so damn good.” Nicole paused for a moment, and she reached down and fondled my balls, while she swirled her tongue around the head of my cock like a lollipop. 

Then she resumed what she was doing earlier, using both her lips and her hand to pleasure me. I placed my hands on the back of her neck and ran my fingers through her long mane of dark hair. 

Her loving and passionate actions of expertly sucking me off had drawn up my balls to the base of my shaft. I was so close now, and Nicole sensed it too. Nicole urged me on, putting her hands on my ass and pulling me into her, as her lips were snuggly clamped around my glistening cock. 

I looked down into her eyes and saw that she was looking up at me, enticing me with her eyes as if she was enticing me to shoot my load of come into her mouth. That was it. I felt my toes curl, and the sensation travel quickly through my legs. I groaned, threw back my neck and let loose a load of warm semen.

Nicole licked my cock clean with her tongue, before my erection dwindled and my cock fell out of her mouth. Once I drifted back to reality, I sat down on the floor with Nicole, who was still on her knees from pleasuring me. 

I pulled her toward me, taking hold of her right hand so I could bring her closer to me. I told her in a soft, low tone voice that I was going to return the favor. 

With that she nudged me onto my back and straddled me, I placed my hands on her waist, drawing her hips closer to my face while she faced me. I could smell the musky scent of her pussy that definitely drives me wild, as she hovered over my face. 

As she was settling her silky thighs over my face, I slid my hands up Nicole’s stocking clad thighs and pushed the skirt part of Nicole’s dress up her hips. I was very pleased when I discovered that she had decided to not wear any panties.

I extended my tongue, running it along the lengths of her pussy lips, before pushing the tip of my tongue between her moistened folds. Nicole had no problem like usual, letting me know what she liked. She was soon grinding her clit over my tongue, chin and nose, as she moaned loudly while her body movements gave me subtle hints as to what she liked the most. 

Nicole had been moving herself back and forth over my face when she crept forward more than I had expected. With her tiny anal opening brushing up against my mouth, I did the best I could to get as much of the tip of my tongue in it that I could. 

When she felt the tip of my extended, stiff tongue worming its way in, she let out a long moan and pushed her ass cheeks down. As her butt lingered above my face, her pussy was positioned invitingly in front of my eyes.

Nicole brought her hand down to the folds of her own womanhood and dipped a few of her fingers into the upper region of her pussy. She rubbed and gently squeezed her own swollen clit. While she was moving herself over my face and rubbing her clit with her right hand, I noticed that her breathing had been rapidly increasing. 

It was only a matter of seconds before I felt her anus clench and relax repeatedly, as my tongue dallied around her anal opening, which was a sure sign to me that she was nearing orgasm. 

Her body writhed against my face, and she let out a series of small squeaks of pleasure. The squeaks turned into whimpers, and then into full-throated moans and high-pitched screams, as her body shuddered over and over again, while experiencing explosive, repetitive orgasms. 

Eventually after calming down, she rolled off my sticky face. As I looked down at her now, I could only admire the way Nicole’s hair was pushed back and the oily sheen of her pussy juice that covered her upper thighs and pubic region, which was still fully exposed by the rucked up tight-fitting skirt part of her dress. 

Despite her apparent exhaustion, she looked happy as she looked into my eyes. I told her that I wasn’t done yet and that I wanted to continue exploring her body at my leisure, reminding her of my original intentions. 

She happily smiled at me and said that I could do whatever I wanted. After getting an offer like that from my sweetie, I had something in mind that I wanted to try. But I figured it would be best that I save that for later.

I went into the bathroom so I could clean up and brush my teeth. I hurriedly returned to my sweetheart’s side. After I returned, I pointed over to the nearby dresser next to the railing and I whispered to her that I wanted to take her from behind as she leaned against the dresser. 

Nicole and I stood up and I took her hand, escorting her a few feet to the nearby dresser. We kissed face to face, as we moved our hands over each other’s madly. She reached down and grabbed my package, massaging it in her hand. 

She went to her knees again and teasingly engulfed my hard cock with her mouth. Her lips felt wonderful, as she worked her tongue over the shaft. She then licked and sucked my balls, while she jerked me off with her right hand. 

I wanted her now, and she didn’t seem to mind too much when I pulled my dick out of her mouth and then pulled her to her feet. I quickly placed my hands on her shoulders, sliding her dress along with her bra down so that her boobs were freed from their confinement. 

Nicole turned around and bent over the dresser, which was just over three feet tall. I pushed the skirt portion of her dress up above her waist, which revealed her sexy ass and her shapely legs. 

Then I took hold of my cock and rubbed it over her ass, before pushing it between her ass cheeks. I slid my cock down her crack so that it avoided her anal opening, and then rubbed the head of my cock against her still wet pussy lips. 

She reached back and grabbed hold of my shaft, telling me that she had enough of this teasing stuff, just as she guided the head of my cock to her opening.

After I knew she wanted me inside her, I pushed my hips forward and soon felt her wetness engulf my cock as it entered her pussy. I grabbed her hips and screwed her slowly and deeply at first. This didn’t last long though, because I didn’t hesitate too long to increase the intensity, as she urged me to go faster and harder. I could feel my balls bouncing against the back of her upper thighs, as I pushed my cock in and out of her pussy.

I slid my hands up her side and grabbed hold of her breasts. I cupped them in my hands, brushing my palms against her hard nipples, as I fondled her breasts. 

While massaging them, I moved my hands over those beautiful orbs in a slow, sensual and circular motion. Her tits were shaking in my hands, as I plunged my cock into my sweetheart’s pussy from behind. I also loved how it felt when my pelvis moved against her ass cheeks, as my cock went in and out of her pussy.

After a while, I slid my right hand down her front. I rubbed my hand circularly around her belly. I moved it down more toward her trimmed bush so that only the tip of my fingers made contact with the region where her clit was nestled, as I rubbed her lower belly. 

I lifted my hand and placed it on her back, and sent it down her back, following the contour of her spine. I took a generous handful of her ass in my left hand.

I screwed my princess harder than I had ever remembered doing, and I noticed Nicole was enjoying herself as well, telling me how wonderful it felt to have me inside her. As I plunged my cock into her, pushing my hips into her from behind, while I moved my hands and held her well shaped, nicely sized tits in my hands. 

I tweaked her hard nubbins between my two thumbs and index fingers, stimulating them in a way that I knew drove her crazy. I also knew I could hold back much longer at such a quick, frenzied pace, so I slowed the pace down a notch by making my thrusts deeper. 

Nicole yelped that she was starting to come, screaming and moaning between her gasps for air. I leaned forward and caressed the back of her neck with both my lips and tongue, as I continued thrusting. Just then I felt that familiar stirring in my groin, as my hips began to churn. 

I told her that I was going to come, too. I moaned her name, as my loins erupted and I shot a load of warm cum inside her climaxing pussy. It sure felt like my orgasm lasted several minutes. I managed to still push my shaft in and out of her pussy, while her pussy muscles clutched around my spewing cock. 

Afterwards, Nicole and I stayed conjugally joined. She turned her head to look at me, and we shared a passionate kiss and a few tender words of endearment before I pulled my softening cock out of her moist feminine opening.

I lifted Nicole in my arms and carried her the several feet that was between the dresser and the bed. I laid her down and draped myself over her. 

Nicole and I rested in each other’s arms for what had to be nearly an hour. I wasn’t finished devouring her body, however, and I reached back behind her and unzipped her dress. 

Nicole smiled and giggled, as we both looked into one another’s eyes. She uttered in a cheerful, soft whisper that tonight had already been unbelievable and said she was going to return the favor when I least expected it. I could hardly wait!

Soon as I had removed her dress, I followed by unsnapping the back of her black, skimpy lace bra and tossed it aside. As I hovered over her, I quickly removed the rest of my clothing, which were my socks, dress shirt and undershirt. 
