 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me.



You can call it serendipity or fate or kismet, but I don't believe in coincidences. For Cristi and I to both arrive at the supermarket at the same time and both be alone, there had to be some sort of cosmic forces at work. We'd flirted for as long as our families had been friends and, though I was definitely attracted to her, I never thought an opportunity would ever present itself to find out if she felt the same way. As we both stepped out of our cars, we just looked at each other for a minute before it sunk in that the person who we had just pulled in at the same time as and were currently staring at was somebody we knew. I wasn't going to miss an opportunity for a hug, so I opened my arms as we approached each other and she did the same.

"All alone, huh?" I asked, as I gave her a squeeze.

"Yep," she replied, "you too?"

"Yeah," I answered, "and if Brad isn't here to object, I'm going to keep hugging you."

"You know," she said, surprising me, "if we were to climb into the back of my minivan, we could keep hugging and kiss, as well."

"Are you serious?" I asked, pulling back to look at her face for any indication that she was messing with me. Instead of answering, she hit a button on her remote and the side door of her minivan slid open on its own.

I looked around the parking lot and, because it wasn't a busy time, there were several cars but no people to be seen. Since the coast was clear, we climbed into her van and I was pleased to see that the farthest back row of seats had been removed.

"No back row," I noted, "how convenient."

"We had to move all kinds of crap this afternoon," she explained, "We just haven't gotten around to putting them back in yet. It does work out pretty well for us, though, doesn't it?"

Luckily, they also hadn't taken out the blankets they'd used to protect the items they'd moved yet either. Cristi closed the side door and we spread a blanket out on the floor, then lay together and started to make out. My hand was quickly on her breasts, feeling her hard nipples through both her shirt and bra, but soon slipped up under her shirt to feel her nipples through just the thin material of her bra.

She dropped a hand down to caress the bulge in my shorts while I reached behind her to unfasten her bra, slipping my hand under the slack cups to feel the bare flesh of her tits while she moaned softly. I'd often wondered about what her tits looked like as I'd tried to picture her naked, so I took the opportunity to raise her shirt and bra up to fully expose her tits. Her chest was lightly freckled, her areolas fairly large and her nipples, which were a bit thick, were soon between my lips. I licked and sucked her nipples as she moaned and ran her fingers through my hair, my cock now out of her reach as I'd slid farther down her body. My left hand was free, so I ran it down from her tits over her stomach to the waistband of her shorts and set to work opening them. With the button and zipper undone, I slipped my hand inside as she spread her legs, feeling that the front of her panties was quite damp.

I went ahead and slipped my hand into her panties, feeling her trim bush before finding her pussy dripping with juices. I slipped my finger into her hot, slippery depths and pumped it a few times before focusing on gently stroking her clit while continuing to lick and suck her nipples. Her moaning was getting louder as she rocked her hips in rhythm with my fingers on her clit while my cock was throbbing, meanwhile, at the prospect of slipping into such a hot, wet pussy. As if the abundance of her sweet nectar wasn't enough of an indication that she was completely horned up, it wasn't long at all before it seemed like she was already on the verge of cumming; I took that as a sign that she was definitely feeling the same attraction to me that I felt towards her. Rather than stopping her when she was clearly well on her way in order to go down on her or fuck her, I just continued to enjoy her nipples while stroking her clit.

Her hips were rocking pretty quickly until she suddenly seemed to tense up completely for a moment before letting out a moan as her body started to shake. I raised my head to watch the expression of raw passion on her face while continuing to stroke her clit until she let out a sigh and went limp. Slipping my hand from inside her panties, I sucked her nectar off my fingers while she recovered. Once she'd caught her breath and opened her eyes again, I helped her out of her shirt and bra, then slipped her shorts and panties off. As I admired her trim, brown bush, I couldn't resist lowering my head and licking her pussy for a moment before feeling like I really needed to slip my cock into it. I moved down to kneel between her spread legs, really giving her body a good looking over while opening my shorts and pushing them down along with my underwear. Laying over her, I took my throbbing cock in hand and guided it into her pussy. She was so wet and slippery that I easily slid completely in as we both moaned.

We started making out again as I slowly eased my cock in and out of her incredibly wet, hot pussy. I couldn't believe that, not only was Cristi naked below me, but I was fucking her, as well. I'd jerked off thinking about seeing her naked and now that I'd actually seen her naked, I didn't even need to resort to jerking off. I was hoping that this was the start of something we'd be able to pull off again occasionally since I figured it'd be difficult to do with any regularity given that we were both married with families. I wasn't thinking about all of this as I fucked her, being completely lost in the pleasure of sliding my cock in and out of her hot, wet pussy. She did rouse me from a pleasure-induced near-catatonic state when she pulled her mouth from mine and said that I was wearing too much clothing. She started to pull my shirt off, so I got up off of her, my throbbing cock shiny with her juices standing in front of me, and started to work my way out of my shorts, underwear and sandals.

She got up on her knees and, distracted by her naked body, I was having trouble getting completely naked myself. She lent a hand and, once I was naked, took my cock in her hand, pumping it briefly, then wrapped her lips around it. I moaned as she bobbed her head up and down on my tool, laying back and just watching, still feeling a bit incredulous that this was all happening. She didn't suck me off long enough to get me close to cumming before moving up to straddle me and guiding my throbbing tool back into her dripping hotness. She started rocking her hips, sitting nearly upright and, I assumed, visible to anyone who might park nearby. I reached up to play with her tits some more, admiring them as well as looking down at her brown bush resting against my lower abdomen. My cock throbbed even more as I checked her out completely naked looming over me and relished the feel of her pussy humping my cock.

After two kids and more than ten years since she'd seen her twenties, Cristi's tits weren't high and firm, but they were nicely sized and her nipples were thick and hard. I gently caressed them as she rode me, running my palms over her nipples or gently stroking them. She gradually began to lower herself over me so that she was rocking up and down on my cock rather than humping against it. This put her tits closer to my head, so I raised my head to lick and suck her nipples as she rode me, which she seemed to enjoy as much as I did. She was getting louder and rode me faster the longer we were fucking and, though I could feel my orgasm building fairly quickly, I could tell that she was going to cum again before I did. I was pleasantly surprised that she seemed to have no issues with cumming often and intensely, which let me relax a bit and resulted in being able to enjoy her pussy even longer.

She slammed herself down on me and froze momentarily before a shudder passed through her entire body as she came again. I just lay there watching and enjoying the feeling of her pussy wrapped around my cock until the fog cleared and she climbed off of me. She repositioned herself so that her pussy was over my face as she took my cock in her hand again and gently pumped it while licking and sucking my balls. I raised my head and started to slurp the juices that were flowing from her pussy, causing her to pause and moan before wrapping her lips around my tool and lowering her mouth over it. As she pumped the base of my cock and slid her mouth up and down it, I felt my orgasm continuing to quickly build and looked forward to blasting my load down her throat. I slipped two fingers easily into her pussy while licking and sucking her clit, resulting in near continuous moaning around my throbbing tool.

She definitely wasn't lacking when it came to a talent for cocksucking and I could feel my cock swelling as I slowly came closer and closer to shooting my load. I was able to savor that pleasure while simultaneously enjoying the taste of her pussy as well as the feel of it wrapped around my fingers. Much as I wanted to enjoy her cocksucking for a while longer, I finally exploded into her mouth and relished every second of my orgasm. Once I was spent, I went back to pumping my fingers in and out of her pussy while licking and sucking her clit. With her attention back on her own pleasure, her moans were long and getting higher in pitch. I could feel her pussy becoming more engorged around my fingers as she got closer and closer to cumming yet again. Her pussy was flooded with even more juices as she started to tremble, her moans becoming more of a cry.

She climbed off and lay next to me once she'd finished cumming and I looked up her body, over her pussy and tits, while she caught her breath.

"I'm impressed that you seem to cum so easily," I told her as I admired her physique.

"I have not cum that many times over the last six months," she revealed, "so to have that many in the course of an hour is unprecedented. We need to do this often."

I agreed and we talked about possible ways that we could get together without arousing the suspicions of our spouses. With a few ideas worked out, we reluctantly dressed again and headed into the store to get our shopping done.