 Marie thought about her ex-boyfriend all afternoon at the beach. Even Stephanie noticed how much she was smiling and asked her about it. Marie told her all about how Jacob fucked her twice.

"But...isn't he like married now?" Stephanie asked, chuckling.

"Yeah, that didn't stop him." Marie laughed, more than a little proud.

She made Stephanie leave the beach early that afternoon so that she could be home be seven o'clock. Hopefully that would be early enough to catch Jacob when he brought the dog back. She really wanted to see him. One more time.

When she got home, the dog wasn't there and thrills of excitement shot through her. She would see him again! She took out her pony tails, letting her dirty blonde hair flow just past her shoulders. She was about to head to the bathroom to freshen up and put on some makeup when she heard a key in the lock. She had given Jacob her spare key and he was to just slide it under the door after putting the dog inside. Her heart skipped a beat and her pussy flooded.

Jacob had pulled up in front of the apartment building and undid his seatbelt. His wife, sitting in the passenger seat, asked him which apartment number was Marie's. He said he didn't know, he only knew it by sight after he went in.

"How long will you be?" she asked.

"If she's not home, I'll be two seconds. Just dropping the dog off." He replied as he got out of the car. He opened the back door and grabbed the leash, letting the dog out. "If she is there, I may have to talk to her for a couple of minutes, but shouldn't be too long."

He made it sound as if it were a chore to talk to his ex-girlfriend. In actuality he was fighting a hard-on. Sex with Marie was so amazing that he couldn't get it out of his mind. She was so incredibly beautiful and they moved so well together. Each seemed to always know what the other wanted. He hoped she was there. Even just to sneak one last kiss, or hold her one more time.

He opened the door and took off the leash, and the dog ran in. The door shut behind him as he looked up and saw Marie.

"Hi!" she said, smiling. His cock stiffened in his shorts. She was wearing her casual capri pants with her orange t-shirt. But he knew what she wore underneath -- her blue bikini. Memories of taking that bikini off of her had him stiffen even more.

"Hi!" he replied. She stepped up to him, a little tentative. Then she seemed to gather some courage and put her arms around his neck. He pulled her close and she pressed her warm body against him as his hands stroked her back over her thin shirt.

"I'm glad I caught you." She said, closing her eyes and squeezing him harder. She could feel his erection against her stomach through their clothes and a thrill of excitement went through her. She really wanted him in her one more time before he went back home out of town. He kissed her hair at the side of her head.

"Me too." He whispered. Marie turned to him with a little smile and pursed her lips. He kissed her, lips smacking. They kissed again. And a third time. Then she caught his lips with hers and she teased her tongue into his mouth. He squeezed her tight as he slipped his tongue into her mouth and their kiss grew in passion very quickly. Her nimble tongue explored deep inside his mouth as his hands slid down to her ass. He squeezed her perfect cheeks over her pants as his tongue danced along hers.

She squeezed Jacob so hard and pressed her body so close to him that she seemed to almost crawl inside him. Her tongue flailed in his mouth urgently. Their breathing grew heavy as their lips smacked loudly. She broke the kiss, panting.

"Do you want some lovin'?" Marie asked, her dark eyes looking up at him. He swallowed.

"I...do, but I can't. My wife is outside in the car, waiting."

"Oh." She said, simply. Then she kissed him again, tongue sliding right back into his mouth. She felt him give her ass a hard squeeze. She was disappointed, but also hornier than ever. She wanted him back inside her and at the same time she needed to stake her claim. Jacob was hers. Nobody will fully have him but her and he would always prefer her over anyone else. Even his wife. The ultimate way of proving that would be to get him to fuck her while his wife waited outside.

Suddenly, it became an obsession. She had to have him in her. Now.

"I really..." she panted in between her kisses. "Want you..."

Their kissing grew sloppy with passion. She took her arms from around his neck and reached in between them. She undid the tie in her capri pants and broke the kiss, taking a step back. Untied, her loose capri pants fell to the floor revealing her smooth, tanned legs on either side of skimpy navy blue bikini bottoms.

His cock twitched at the sight. Marie had such sexy legs and seeing those bare thighs had him aching to get in between them. He knew the beauty that hid beneath those bikini bottoms. She was looking at him.

"Put it in me." She breathed. "Just for a minute."

"Ah..." he protested. "Not with...my wife right out there. She's waiting. I've been here too long as it is. I should go." Yet he didn't move an inch. He saw the look of desire in her beautiful eyes and he was hesitant to leave her. His eyes drifted back down to her naked legs.

When she saw where his gaze had shifted she smiled inwardly. She almost had him! Slipping her thumbs into the sides of her bottoms, Marie slowly slid them down her thighs, revealing the rectangle of her bush. Once she got them past her knees, they dropped to the floor and she stepped out of them, naked from the waist down.

Jacob's cock was fully erect in his shorts to the point of pain. He could see Marie's swollen pussy lips between her tanned thighs and he ached for her.

"Please, baby?" she asked, quietly. "Just for a minute?"

He was still hesitating. She leaned back on the back of the couch, lifting up a leg to give him a better view of her pussy. He had a clear view of her thick cunt lips pressed tightly together.

"Not even a minute." She went on. "Just put it in me and then take it out. I just really need to feel you in me once more before you go."

Marie's pussy was tingling like crazy as she awaited his response. Her heart skipped a beat when she saw him undo his shorts. The buzzing between her legs increased when she watched him pull out his erect penis. She adjusted her leg back a little further on the back of the couch, giving him full access to her treasure.

He stepped up to her and her small hand immediately took his cock from him and aimed it right at her hot entrance.. He couldn't help it. He had to thrust.

The tight lips of Marie's vagina opened up and sucked the head of his rigid pole inside. They both moaned as he continued pushing. The heat inside her pussy was more intense than ever and it was gobbling up inch after inch of his penis. In one steady stroke, Jacob slid his entire manhood inside her.

"Ohhhh thank you baby..." Marie sighed, looking at him as he pressed his groin against her. He was so thick and hard! His shorts fell to the floor and she hoped that meant that he would stay in her for a little longer. She tilted her head up, hoping to catch him in a kiss.

He was breathing heavily, relishing the sensation of the intense heat that gripped the length of his penis. He didn't want to pull back out, but he knew that he had to. Looking into Marie's beautiful dark eyes and seeing her purse her lips invitingly was too much to pass up. He kissed her, lips smacking, but she held her mouth there. He felt her tongue trying to get in his mouth and his resolve slipped a little more. He opened his mouth, allowing her tongue inside. 

"Mmmm..." she purred, her tongue flailing deep in his mouth. He teased his tongue against hers. It felt so nice. But he had to go. Shit! His wife!

Slowly, hesitantly, he eased his hard penis out of his ex-girlfriend's comforting vagina. She was so nice and slick and her entrance was exceptionally tight, pulling at him as he withdrew. It felt so good that when he was nearly out of her, he figured he could slide back into her. Just a couple of times. What's another minute?

He pushed back into her warmth until his groin was pressing against her.

"MMMMPH!" Marie moaned loudly as tingles shot up her body. She was so happy to have him back in her and her tongue expressed that by teasing across his throat. Her arms held him even tighter around his neck as she felt him withdraw once again. To her excitement, she felt him slide back in, sending more bolts up her body. "Mmmmm!" she groaned erotically.

Jacob slid his tongue into her mouth, kissing her passionately as he began to slide in and out of her at a steady pace. She was so hot that he figured he could cum quickly. Five minutes would be okay -- if it lasted longer than five minutes, he would have to stop. His tongue danced against Marie's as her tight pussy caressed his cock over and over again.

One of her legs were hanging down, but the heel of her other foot slid up to his ass, feeling it flex as he thrust between her thighs. She was putting all her weight on the back of the couch or around his neck.

"Mmmph! Mmmph! Mmmph! Mmmph!" her moans were muffled as they kissed passionately. His hard dick darted in and out of her welcoming pussy relentlessly. Her crotch was buzzing like crazy. She was so excited to have successfully got him inside her even though his wife is waiting in the car outside! Getting him to cum inside her would be the ultimate slap in the face and would prove that he belonged to her and not his wife. She broke the kiss.

"Oh gawd, baby..." she gasped. "You're so hard, oh my gawd..." Then she kissed him again, her tongue darting right back into his mouth. She felt him seemingly grow even harder inside her. Her tanned foot was bouncing helplessly off his thrusting ass. Was he going to cum already? She wanted to see how far she could push this.

Marie broke the kiss, looking up at him with her gorgeous eyes. Her hands pushed his stomach, hinting for him to pull out. His manhood, slick with her juices, emerged from between her swollen pussy lips. He watched those petals slowly close back up.

"Let's go on the couch." She panted.

"I...we..." he protested. "I can't...I gotta go."

But Marie ignored him, walking away from him and around to the front of the couch. She was naked from the waist down. Underneath her orange t-shirt, her sexy tanned cheeks shook with each step that she took and he had no choice but to follow her. Even though he had already fucked her twice that afternoon, he never wanted anybody more.

He grabbed her by her hips and roughly placed her on her hands and knees on the couch. Her sexy ass was sticking up in the air at him. He couldn't see the victorious smile on her face from his angle.

He bent and kissed each of her smooth ass cheeks. He grabbed her soft cheeks in his hands and squeezed them as he spread them apart, revealing her asshole and beneath that her swollen pussy lips. He gave her petals a kiss and she sucked in her breath. Then, daringly and for the first time in his life, he softly kissed her asshole, hoping she would write it off as an 'accident'. 

Jacob's cock was getting cold so he straightened up behind her and quickly placed the head at her entrance. Marie braced herself as he pushed forward. He slid inside her instantly, his white groin squishing her beautiful tanned bum.

"Ohhhhh...gawd it's so deep this way..." she moaned, wincing. She pressed herself back against him. He was still so hard! She was very proud that Jacob's penis was inside her vagina while his wife waited in the car right outside. He was Marie's and he always would be. That thought made her heart pound like crazy.

He was lost. Everything else was forgotten. There was a beautiful tanned ass pushing against his groin and a hot, wet, tight pussy squeezing his hard cock. Her cheeks were so round and smooth. Gripping her hips, he pulled her against him even harder, really grinding against her and pushing the tip of his dick against the back of her pussy. Then he slowly pulled out of her. He watched as inch after inch of his member emerged from her sexy body. It was glistening with her nectar, as well as his own cum. Her swollen pussy lips pulled outwards along with his shaft. When he was most of the way out, he slid back into her, slapping against her bum and causing her cheeks to shake.

"Ungh!" Marie grunted, wincing as bolts of pleasure fired up her body. She could feel him already pulling out of her again.

He started fucking her at a steady pace, his wife forgotten. 'Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap!' If his wife were to come to the door she would easily hear the slapping noises outside, to say nothing of Marie's moans of ecstasy.

"Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh!" she cried, doing nothing to muffle herself. She didn't care if they were heard -- in fact she would prefer that. 

'Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap!' the smacking of his groin against her bum was as loud as her cries, but he loved the sound. He also loved how her sexy tanned cheeks rippled each time he smacked against them. Jacob could clearly see where her pussy lips pulled outwards each time he withdrew and then gobbled him right back up.

"Oh gawd..." Marie grunted, gasping for breath. "Your balls are hitting my clit..." His heavy balls were swinging upwards and slapping her clit each time he pounded into her and it was sending bolts of pleasure up her body. She would cum soon. She rammed her ass back against him, meeting each hard thrust as her orgasm built.

"Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh!" she moaned as he slid his hands up the sides of her body, taking her orange t-shirt along with them. He slowed a little as he got her shirt over her breasts and she scrambled it over her head and arms, tossing it on the floor. 

Jacob had his ex-girlfriend down to a navy bikini top. He could now see almost every inch of her tanned skin. He had to see the final piece. Still fucking her at the slower pace, he undid her bikini top and it fell down her arms, revealing her entire back.

Marie pulled it down off her arms and threw it on the floor, becoming completely naked. She began to ram her ass back against him, urging him to get back to the faster pace he was doing before.

He obliged. Grabbing her soft hips, he pulled most of the way out of her and then rammed it into her.

"UNGH!" she grunted. That felt incredible. But before she could recover, Jacob was fucking her. Hard.

'SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP!' her tanned ass cheeks were rippling like crazy as he fucked her doggie style as fast and as hard as he could. He tore his gaze from her beautiful ass to take in the entire scene. On either side of his knees he could see the bottoms of her feet. He ran his gaze up her smooth legs to watch her cheeks shaking. He leaned to side so he could get a good look at her tits swinging back and forth with the motion.

"UNGH!" Marie groaned. "Your balls...hitting my...clit..."

She was ramming herself back against him, trying to keep up with his rapid thrusts as her orgasm approached. 

'SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP!' it was like a machine gun at this point.

"UNNNGH -- GAH!" she cried, cumming. Wave after wave of pleasure washed over her as she came violently.

His wife sat in the car outside the building, annoyed at how long he was taking. She had no idea that he was fucking the shit out of his ex-girlfriend and she was cumming all over his thrusting cock. Another woman was getting pleasure from her husband's dick.

Marie was weak and would have collapsed if Jacob didn't hold her up by the waist in his strong hands. Her ass was up in the air and his groin bounced off of it relentlessly. His heavy balls were still smacking against her slit and clit, making it hard for her to recover. The pleasure wouldn't stop!

'Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap!' he finally slowed down a little, showing some mercy. She was able to straighten up a little and ram her bum back against him, meeting his thrusts. His thick, hard cock felt incredible!

"Cum inside me..." Marie breathed. She needed it. She already had two of his loads inside her, but this one would mean the most to her. She couldn't trap him by looking into his eyes, or by wrapping her legs around him. In this position, it would be completely voluntary if he gave her his seed. It would also be the ultimate insult to his wife, who was waiting for him in the car, and it would make it clear who his heart belonged to.

He wouldn't. Even though his feelings for her were strong and he desperately wanted to cum in her again and looking at that beautiful tanned ass as it rippled with each thrust made it hard to deny her -- he couldn't do it. Not with his wife right outside. He would cum on her ass. Decision made, Jacob lengthened his strokes and thrust a few final times.

"I love you..." Marie panted. It slipped out -- she didn't mean to say those words even though she felt them. 

Jacob's eyes widened. He slid his entire penis inside her vagina and held his groin against her bum. She pressed her ass back against him, burying his dick as deep inside her as possible.

His cock spasmed and a thick wad of semen surged up his shaft and exploded out the end, bulleting off the back of her pussy. His cock jerked again just as violently, and another rope of his sticky cum shot deep inside Marie's fertile womb.

"Ohhhh..." she moaned, closing her eyes. She could feel her ex-boyfriend's swollen penis pulsate rapidly inside her. She swore she could feel the hot fluid spray into her sensitive vagina. Her heart soared with love and excitement. He chose her! She ground her ass back against him, milking him.

Jacob moaned, his penis still twitching inside her and sending several more wads of his potent sperm into Marie's welcoming vagina. His hands caressed the smooth skin of her ass and hips as his organ fed her his seed. He squeezed his cock muscles, forcing more of his fluid into her full cunt. 

He closed his eyes and relished the sensation. This was Marie! His heart soared with love. The last couple of drops of cum fell from the end of his penis and into her vagina as they came down to Earth.

He suddenly remembered his wife! His eyes widened and he slowly pulled his softening penis out of his ex-girlfriend, watching it emerge from between her swollen lips.

"I have to go." He said, panicking. Marie smiled, slowly getting off the couch and standing up as he hustled into his shorts and underwear. She had to hurry -- naked -- to the door to catch him in time. She put her arms around his neck, smiling up at him.

Jacob may have been in a rush, but Marie's bum was like a magnet and his hands slid down her naked back to grab onto her soft cheeks. They kissed a few times, lips smacking as he squeezed her bum. Then he finally forced himself apart from her and slipped out the door.

He had a lot of explaining to do when he got to the car. His wife was understandably pissed -- and confused. 

He just said that Marie kept talking and he had trouble getting away.