 Growing up, I always fancied Jimmy. He was the son of my mom's friend Daisy. Daisy and my mom were very close, so I used to go to Daisy's house a lot. I was around 13 years old when I started showing interest in boys. At that time Jimmy was almost 17 years old. I remember once, I was at their house. My mom and Daisy were chatting in the living room and I was playing on my own on their front porch. Then Jimmy came back from a run shirtless and sweating. That was the first time I felt a tingling 'down there'. I had a crush on him for a very long time, but I realized I was too young to be with him. After a few years, Jimmy left for college and I had forgotten all about him.

Years later, I had graduated from university and moved away from home to live on my own. My mother was visiting last weekend when we bumped into Jimmy and Daisy at a restaurant. After joining them for dinner, we chatted and he ended up asking me out on a date to a work dinner. He had just broken up with his girlfriend and didn't feel like going solo. Being the nice person I am, I accepted. We exchanged numbers and went our separate ways.

A week later, I was sitting on the couch when I heard a knock on the door. It was Jimmy. "Hey Gorgeous".

He was wearing a nicely fitted navy suit, a white shirt, and a blue tie. He looked really hot. He was carrying a bouquet of flowers. They made him more attractive. I invited him in.

"Aren't your early? I was just about to get dressed." 

"Yeah, take your time. I thought I'd be here early" He sat on the couch in the living room

With that I went inside and got changed. As I looked at myself in the mirror I realized my underwear wasn't matching. Even though nothing will happen, I thought I'd put on my best laced bra and black underwear. I wore black see-through stockings and a tight red dress. I proceeded to wear black heels and I applied my make-up.

As I entered the living room, he looked at me with surprise. Guess he wasn't expecting me to look like this ;)

"Wow, you look amazing. Guess little Penny is all grown up." He smirked as he stood up.

He was very hot. I couldn't get my eyes of him and I also couldn't help but notice the bulge in his pants. I was laughing in my head.

~ Maybe this dinner won't be so important and we can stay in. ~

I guess I had to make a move before we leave. 

"Your tie is a little bit messed up." That should give me an excuse to touch him.

He tried to fix it, but I came up to him and fixed it for him.

I let my hands linger on his chest. "That's better".

"This is a nice suit." I kept my hands slowly moving around his torso.

"Thank you. Your dress is even better." He smiled. Then he lifted his hands and wrapped them around my waist.

This was my chance. I looked up at him and saw that he was already looking down at me. I grabbed his hair with one hand while wrapping my other around his shoulder. And then I kissed him. I kissed him with passion I've never had ever before. It was immediately after that he grabbed the back of my head and kissed me back. 

We were standing in front of the couch, so I pushed him onto it and straddled him as we continued to make out. Sitting atop him I could feel his cock growing beneath me. He then moved his hands and rested them on my ass. After that, he stopped the kiss and looked at me as if asking if that was okay. I smiled and touch my lips to his once more. 

I interrupted the kiss "How important is this dinner?" I said as I moved my fingers over his shirt.

He smiled and stood up while carrying me, my legs wrapped around his waist. He went into the hallway.

Since he hasn't been here before, he took us into the bathroom instead of the bedroom. "Oops, I thought this was..."

"Yeah, let's go." I laughed and got on my feet. I took his hand and led him to the bedroom. He sat on the bed as I straddled him. I took off his jacket and threw it aside as he kissed me. 

I disconnected out lips. I started kissing down his neck as I took off his tie. Slowly, I unbuttoned his shirt and kissed down his chest. After removing his shirt, I started licking the trail of hair leading down to his pants. I looked up to him and he smiled. I proceeded to unbutton his pants and take them off. His boner was clear through his boxers. I rubbed my hands over them and kissed him again. 

I took off his boxers and slid down so my head was over his hard cock. I licked the tip and he moaned. I put the tip in my mouth, and very slowly started moving my head down. I was only a few inches deep and then I removed his cock quickly out of my mouth making a popping noise. I started sucking and licking it up and down. 

"Yes Penny! You're amazing! Ohh.. Yessss".

It wasn't long until he came in my mouth. I couldn't take it all, so his cum was trailing down my chin. He lifted me and change our positions until I was lying with my back on the bed and he was on top of me. He licked his cum off my chin and then kissed me so I could it taste some more. 

"It's your turn now" He said with a smirk.

I took off my dress and stockings and threw them on the floor. He stared at my body for a very long time that I started to feel worried until he said "You're Beautiful." 

He kissed my chest and then took off my bra. He sucked my left nipple and kissed around it. He then did the same to the right one. He trailed down my stomach and took off my panties. Thankfully I shaved today. He didn't do anything for a while so I thrust my hips in his direction. He laughed "Have a little patience."

He kissed my clit and flicked it with his tongue. I was getting wet, I could feel it. He knew that too. He licked all the way from my clit to my vagina and then he looked up at me to make sure I'm okay. I smiled then closed my eyes. He licked and kissed every tiny area that came across his lips and tongue. Then he brought his lips back to my clit and kissed it. He put a finger at the tip of my opening and slowly put it inside. Gradually he picked up the speed, and then he put another finger. I was getting close to an orgasm as he put another finger and was thrust at a very high speed. Finally I came. The tingling sensation was all over my body. "JImmyyy... You're amazinggg babbyyy..."

He smiled as I looked up at him. He climbed on top of me and kissed me. His cock was lying on my stomach. He looked at me to ask for permission and I nodded. 

He grabbed his dick and moved it over my clit. He kept it there for a while and that drove me insane.

"Please Jimmy, Fuck meee...Pleasee..." I moaned.

With that he thrust himself inside me. He started slow at first and then he started plunging faster. He kept going as he moaned. He sounded so sexy when he moaned. 

He grabbed my hips and fucked me faster. 

"Babyyy I'm going to cummmm.." 

And I came again. He was close to an orgasm too so he pulled himself out since we didn't have any condoms. I rubbed his cock and he came on my stomach. He licked it off me and kissed me again. He lay beside me as we cuddled. 

"You always cuddle after sex?" I asked.

"Well, you'll have to find out yourself." 

I guess this won't be the last time I see him ;)