 The trip we were taking was a typical business trip. My wife and I and two other partners own a major import export business, and therefore often she travels with me all over the world. This time it was nothing exotic, we were visiting old friends in Northern Indiana. We found ourselves bored on a Friday night and she found a local club in the warehouse district in Fort Wayne. 

The temptation for her was always there. She had a great appreciation for men and women just as I did. The shock had worn off years ago, for her. She understood that I loved to watch her fuck me, or any man or woman she felt like fucking. 

As our relationship developed, we confessed more and more about our need for meaningless but fun and healthy sex. As a man, I separate – rather easily – sex from making love. I only make love to my wife, and to the mother of my children. Making love is gentle, and builds the other person into his or her safe zone and combined both eventually orgasm together. 

Sex is about orgasm only. Sex is about doing things for the sake of adventure and play. Sex is the natural habitat of the natural child ego, that allows us all to go exploring and find pleasure in all the wonderful places. We found, Annelore and I, that we had always used sex as a mental and physical recreation. Part of my penchant, my kink in the common vernacular, is to watch men and women have sex for fun. 

My voyeur nature is supported by their exhibitionist nature. I so enjoy watching my wife – someone I love so deeply – fuck someone else. It is energizing! It tears me apart! It mends me, and makes me stronger; and I take that new energy and make love and fuck her. 

To be clear, I'm not your typical cuckold. I don't enjoy humiliation or degradation. I've enjoyed allowing other men to feel that way, as I played the Bull, but mostly I leave it up to the wife to humiliate and degrade her husband the way he enjoys it most. I only participate if it is clear that he needs that extra kick to maximize his pleasure. 

My wife and I understand that to maximize my voyeuristic pleasure, feeling the connection to the person getting fucked is important to our version of this kink. The fact I enjoy sucking cock as much as she does, is just an added boner – I mean bonus. 

Looking at her getting ready in her little white dress, and perfectly coiffured hair for the night's pleasure, I rubbed my hardon through my pants. Her eyes twinkled with delight as she caught me checking out her perfect curves, as she put on her lipstick. 

"Having a problem, Mr.?" she asked coyly. 

"Your ass is so perfectly round, your legs so deliciously long, and your waist so tiny, that I have to admit, I do have a huge problem." I smiled at her, my eyes showing lust and hunger for the parts of her body I mentioned. 

"Ha!" she laughed, "You're just glad the business part of the trip is over, and you're not seeing me on the three-piece dress suits I wear to work." The corner of her lip started to turn upward into a smile, but she forced it to stay put as the lipstick applied a smooth coat of red gloss over he sensual lips. 

I walked up behind her, pushing my hardon into that perfect round ass of hers, and cupped her breasts to pull her back to me. I placed several soft kisses coming up her shoulder onto her neck and finally nibbling the lobe of her ear. 

"Babe." I whispered, "I've been waiting for three months for a night like tonight. I hope you are as ready as I am to let our hair down, forget all about work, forget all about the kids and all other responsibilities and truly enjoy ourselves. If anyone deserves a night of down time, it is you and I" I affirmed. 

Her ass moved from side to side, and a bit of up and down, pushing against my cock. My fingers responded to her encouragement and I cupped her breasts harder and found her nipples poking through my fingers so I squeezed tightly. She hissed with pleasure, and arched her back, leaning harder against me. 

The motion reminded me of our first day together. We had fucked, in the back seat of her car, no more than one hour into our first date. To be precise my cock was in her mouth before our first kiss. In fact, the first taste of her mouth was right after it had my cum in it, and she thought I was going to gross out because she kissed my lips and invited my tongue into her mouth with my cum still in it. 

Annelore was a very confident woman, she knew what she liked, decided things quickly, was seldom wrong, and found her sexuality only a natural extension of herself. I was a bit more reserved, but when it came to sex I had few reservations. 

"You like my ass, don't you?" she said into the mirror, her mouth showing a maximum of lustful hunger, and her eyes smoldering into mine. 

"I love your ass, your legs that lead to your ass, and your waist that so nicely flares out and around your ass." I smiled lustingly back at her reflection on the mirror. I felt her push back, and up, into me. 

I did not need a second suggestion – I pulled up her white dress and to my pleasure all she had on was the garter belt, no panties. 

"No panties! Nice!" 

"Easier for men to get to the goodies between my legs. I hope you don't mind." 

"Hell no," I said. 

I reached down, lowered the zipper on my fly and fished my cock out from behind my own black briefs, and I held it in my hand as I dipped it in her offered pussy lips for a moment, and then I took the wetted cockhead and pushed the mushroom head into her sexy asshole. The tight pucker pushed out, parting itself to accept my cock in it; finally feeling that sexy little pop, as the sphincter relaxes and lets the thickest part of the cockhead, pop into her ass. 

My hands cupped her breast to give Annelore a purchase from which to push her ass back when she was ready to take my cockhead all the way in. She knew I loved marking her before sending her into the arms of other men to fuck and have their ways with her. She instantly pushed back, swallowing my cock into the tight warm asshole, recently flushed clean by her double enema she had taken to make sure she was perfectly clean. 

I met her rearward thrust with my own forward push to make absolutely sure there was no space between my body and hers. I pushed the pillows of her ass cheeks till I was thoroughly immersed in her ass. I pulled back and let my cockhead slip out of her ass, she squeezed her sphincter to provoke her own masochistic need to feel the most pain in a moment of pleasure. I shoved back inside her 

"Oh, baby – that is so hot" I looked into her eyes in the mirror. 

"fuck me," she started to say, as my cock pushed back into her, she shuddered, and added "mark me". 

I started to pound into her asshole and my fingers squeezed her nipples harder and harder. Her face reddened with the new excitement and she pushed back harder and harder every time. I could feel her body quiver each time she forcedly impaled herself onto my cock. 

Our rhythm found her body's harmonic frequency and she rose higher and higher, quivering and undulating till her body froze for a moment. It was amazing to watch her face contort with pleasure in the mirror. 

"Cum for me!" I commanded.

"I am! Oh God, Anthony, I am cumming so hard." Annelore's hand reached between her legs as she squeezed her sphincter and assaulted her clitoris for the first time this evening. She brought herself over the top. 

Her unrestrained moan of pleasure filled the room and filled my balls full of cum. Suddenly, I erupted into her asshole. It literally felt as if it ripped from deep within my body. I let rope after rope of orgasmic pleasure bathe the depths of her asshole. Her own spasms serving to milk my cock; draining the cum from it; greedily. 

"Oh. God. Anne." Words came out in a staccato rhythm. Each word accentuated by the pleasure ripping through my body. 

She smiled at me in the mirror. "Give me all your cum, Anth, please give me all your cum, so I can enjoy the warmth of you inside my ass." Words designed to drive me into the final throws of orgasmic pleasure; her teasing voice perfectly timed with her squeezing and pulling out, relaxing and shoving back, only to squeeze one more time and milk the last drops of cum from my body, and into hers. 

"You are such a gorgeous cum rag." I told her with a smile rising all the way into my eyes. 

"I am, aren't I?" she laughed a moment thinking of something, then she added "...everyone's hot little cum rag, aren't I?" 

My cock twitched in her tight little amazing asshole: I smiled brightly knowing that this was just the start of the night. 

 « « § » » « « § » »