 October 1995

After drying her luxurious mane of blond hair, she stood up. Wrapping the cord of the blow dryer around it's handle she placed it gently in the drawer. She put on her white, terry robe, grabbed up her clothes and walked out of the bathroom; headed towards her bedroom, she deposited her clothes into the hamper. She shut off the light while she exited her bedroom, and padded through the living room, going towards the kitchen. The carafe of hot tea sat patiently on the counter, waiting to be emptied of it's contents. As she pulled a mug from the cabinet and filled it with the hot liquid, she recalled her bath. Being alone and able to enjoy the candles and soft music, while immersed in a tub of bubbles was a pleasure she rarely gave herself; what a treat!

Deciding to forego TV and instead read, she picked up her cup and returned to her bedroom. The doorbell rang as she almost got to her destination, and she turned around to go answer the door. As she opened the door, she saw the long-time friend of her and her ex-husband's standing on the other side; she smiled, opened the door and asked him in.

"Hi! What are you up to, prowling the streets at night? Come on in." She said, her throaty laugh filling the room. She motioned him to sit down

"Thanks, I was just out driving around, and got to thinking about you. Thought I'd stop by and see if you wanted some company," he said, his voice deep.

"Well, sure, it's always nice to visit with old friends." she smiled.

They sat and chatted for a bit, discussing work, people, and family. She looked at him and couldn't help but think how good-looking he was. She had always been infatuated with him. but previously she had been married and that was not an option she entertained except in fantasy. She didn't believe he had any interest in her aside from friendship, and she was happy to have that much of him. As she watched him she was aware of her vulnerable nudity beneath her robe.

"Would you like some tea?" she asked him, "I just made some for myself."

"Yeah, that would be great. It's cold out, maybe that would warm me up," he smiled.

She got up from the couch, and walked over to the kitchen and opened the cabinet, feeling a bit of deja vu. While she was pouring the steamy liquid out of the carafe, she heard movement as he approached her. She looked over her shoulder and he was there, beside her, within inches of her robed body. She made a comment regarding her own tea, and went to get her own cup, so she could refill it with hot tea also. When she returned he was leaning against the counter, looking quite content; his gaze fell upon her and briefly looked her up and down. A current of electricity swept through her body. She was almost afraid to get near him, for fear her now rising desire would be evident. As she poured her own cup of tea, she felt him move closer. She was so close, she could smell the fresh scent of his cologne, clear and crisp, that permeated her nostrils. She could feel familiar stirrings within her; it had been so long since she felt the sensation of arousal, that it frightened her. 

He reached out over and took her face in his hands, his gaze trying to penetrate her soul. He leaned closer, and gently caressed her mouth with his lips, and this sent waves of excitement throughout her entire being. It had been so long since she had been loved, she forgot the ecstacy of first contact. She responded to his lips reluctantly at first, and as he aroused her continually she found herself abandoning her fears. His hands slid ever so slowly down her neck, to her shoulders, descending gradually until they found their way to the tie on her robe. Ever so gently he untied her robe, and pushed the front aside. He looked down at her now exposed nakedness. Looking at her smooth skin, he eyed her firm, obviously aroused breasts and leaned down to take a nipple into his mouth. He gently nibbled the tip of her nipple, caressing it with his tongue, making her nipples even more erect, if that was possible.

His hands slipped to her waist and caressed her soft flesh, then he gradually slid his hands down to her firm cheeks. His touch light as a feather, stroked her buttocks. His lips trailed down her torso, past her navel to the mound of blond hair that was exposed in all it's glory. His hands tried gently to separate her legs. The ecstasy was unnerving to her, she hesitated at first. Could this be really happening? She had fantasized about him so long ago, she felt she was in a fantasy, but as he very gently tried to pry her legs apart, she realized this was a fantasy come true. She looked down at his head full of dark hair as he continually made trails on her body with his tongue. Why not, she asked herself? She had desires, wants, needs - and right now they consumed her. As she allowed him to spread her legs, he moaned so softly. This sent shivers of delight up her body. His tongue continued it's journey down, til it reached her most intimate parts. His tongue probed and explored trying to penetrate. He continually moaned, which caused vibration on her. All the while, his hands caressed every part of her body, as if they were trying to memorize it all. 

He made his way up her body, teasing her ever so tenderly. When he reached her face, his mouth hungrily devoured hers. He wrapped his arms around her waist, pulling her close. As soon as she touched him, she could feel the cool leather of his jacket against her skin. This was electrifying. He pressed his body against hers and she felt so helpless being so exposed against his fully clothed body, but as she was held against him, she felt his hardness trying to break out. He held her so close, she almost didn't feel like a separate being from him. He continued to probe her mouth with his tongue, exploring it all, then trailing down her neck, resting at her collarbone. The shivers of ecstacy kept pulsing through her body. When she felt like she could take no more, she started slipping his coat down his broad shoulders. His arms and hands reluctantly let go of her to shrug out of the coat. His lips never lost contact as he removed his shirt, and when it was off, he pressed his body to hers.

The contact of their skin, made them both moan in unison. She could feel her breast pressed up against his hairy chest. His skin was hot, but it couldn't possibly be as hot as she was; she had never felt so aroused. He pulled his body away slightly, but continued exploring her mouth and removed his boots, then taking her hand he pressed it to his maleness. This sent her body over the edge with anticipation. She wanted to feel his entire nude body against hers. She couldn't remember feeling such desire for another being; the fire was slowly consuming her entire being. She ran her fingers through his thick hair, then explored his face with her hands pausing at his mouth as it devoured hers. She slid her hands down to his broad shoulders, and stroked the tangled hair on his chest. His hands also were exploring her body, continually teasing her erect breasts, and gliding over her body, he was stimulating her in areas she didn't know existed.She reached down and unsnapped and unzipped his pants, and gently pulled them downward. The moan that escaped his lips sent tingles up her spine. There he was exposed and completely aroused. Her tongue left his mouth to make a trail down his neck, through the mass of hair to his forbidden zone. She gently kissed and stroked his penis with her tongue, up and down, around, returning to the tip to evoke a response from him. A slow, deep groan escaped his lips and he pulled her up to him and attacked her mouth, moving closer, and pressing his entire body against hers. The sensations pulsing through her were unbearable. She wanted him, she wanted to feel him in her, filling her. He gently lifted her up onto his hips, she obliged by wrapping her legs around him. He teased her by caressing her moist lips with his penis, while he tenderly caressed her mouth with his lips. He pulled back and looked straight into her.

"I want to make love to you. I want to be in you, surrounded by you," his deep voice whispered, "but I won't force you to do anything that makes you uncomfortable."

How could he bring her this far and not expect her to respond. Her voice was barely above a whisper as she replied, "I want you to make love to me." She couldn't say anything else for fear he'd hear her voice tremble.

He then positioned himself to her entrance, and so slow and gentle slid into her. The moan that escaped them was desire made vocal. As he slowly pumped her, gradually moving faster and harder, she felt the rise of her orgasm. She fought it, but he had aroused her so much, she couldn't go back. Her climax hit her like a hurricane. Wracking through her body, never ending. It seemed time stood still and it would never end. Never before had she had such a powerful orgasm. Each thrust brought her higher and higher, until she could stand no more. Sensing her need to pause he withdrew himself slowly and she collapsed against him and he could feel her tremble. He proceeded to carry her to her bedroom, once there, he gently laid her on the bed. He got on the bed himself and lie down next to her, holding her close to him, giving her a chance to rest, but only for a moment as he leaned down to kiss her sweet lips.