 Molly waits impatiently at the train station, constantly checking the large overhead clock, willing the hands to move more quickly. She shuffles her feet anxiously, her black heels scuffing the floor beneath her feet. Without thinking, Molly begins to pace back and forth, almost knocking over an elderly woman who was passing. She apologizes profusely and sits down on a nearby bench in somewhat of a daze. What seems like an eternity passes before she hears the whistle of a train. This sudden noise snaps her out of her daydream and she leaps to her feet. Molly starts running through the crowd toward the approaching train, pushing others out of the way, not caring if she stepped on their feet or kicked their luggage. She was on a mission. 

She finally makes her way through the crowd to the front of the platform just as the train is arriving. People begin to exit the train, but Molly ignores them. She is looking for only one person. The number of individuals exiting the train begins to dwindle, and Molly worries that maybe he missed the train, or maybe she had read the wrong date. But she couldn't have. She'd read his letter over and over again. This was the day. Just as she begins to wonder again, he emerged from the train, a handsome young man in a khaki colored US army uniform. He smiles at her and all the worries about the train's arrival, all the worries about the last two years while he was gone melted away. He drops the bag he is carrying and opens his arms wide as Molly begins to run toward him, throwing herself into him as he lifts her into the air. There are tears of joy as they wrap themselves up in each other's warmth. They kiss passionately as the other passengers look on. 

The year was 1943, and Molly and Jimmy had been high school sweethearts and planned out their perfect lives together. Jimmy was going to take over his father's shop and Molly was going to school to become a nurse. Things were fine for a year or so, until the war when Jimmy was drafted to join the army. All of the sudden their lives were shaken up. They spontaneously decided to get married because, the truth was, they didn't know if Jimmy would ever be coming back. Molly could still remember their last night together. It had been so passionate, so romantic, so hot.

At the train platform, Jimmy runs his fingers down Molly's back, wishing so badly that her top half was naked so that he could feel her skin directly. Molly runs her fingers through Jimmy's hair, thinking of their last time together. Jimmy gently sets Molly down on her feet and looks into her eyes. They haven't said a word to each other yet, but they know what they want. They want each other. They want each other in the most visceral and physical way that any two people could want each other.

Jimmy grabs his bag, takes Molly's hand and they briskly walk to the car together squeezing each others hand tightly, anticipating what will soon be coming. 

"I love you," Jimmy whispers into Molly's ear. She loved the way his breath felt warm on her ear. It brought out her desire for Jimmy even more.

"Me too. I've missed you so much. I need you." she replies, squeezing his hand even harder to make sure she doesn't reach for his crotch in public. It is quite obvious that the two lovers are fantasizing about the other naked right now.

They hop in the car, and as soon as they are out of the sight of the others, they can't keep their hands off of one another. Molly rubs along Jimmy's thigh, squeezing, thinking about how much she missed him. Jimmy puts his hand under Molly's skirt, tracing her panties with his forefinger. He pulls them to the side and starts to touch her pussy, which is already wet. Molly begins to undo Jimmy's belt, his pants making a tent as his erection began to grow. Jimmy starts to play with Molly's clit, and she moans in ecstasy. She leans forward and pulls Jimmy's cock from his pants. It sticks straight in the air, begging for Molly's touch. It had been far too long to be away from her love. 

Now that his cock was out in the open, Molly begins to lick the head as she held his shaft in her hand. She again remembers what his cock feels like in her mouth, every inch. Jimmy begins slipping his finger inside of Molly. The two are still sitting in the train station parking lot, not even able to get home before they begin feeling each other up. Molly starts taking Jimmy's cock in just a little bit, and it feels like heaven to the soldier. He continues playing with her pussy. Both are starting to breathe heavier. There is nothing more in the world Jimmy wants to do than pull Molly on top of him and make love to her naked body. Unfortunately there isn't enough room in the car. 

"Let's get home so we can do this properly, baby," Jimmy manages to pant out between moans as he feels Molly's tongue, warm and wet, around his cock.

"I don't think I can wait," Molly replies. "Start driving, and I'll keep doing my thing." She puts her mouth back on his long, hard cock. Jimmy leans backwards in amazement. He doesn't want to stop touching her pussy either, but he needs to make love to Molly, now, and the only way to do that is to get her home and on the bed. He pulls away, puts the keys in the ignition and starts to drive away, all the while Molly is sucking on him, up and down, up and down, varying her speed, but always keeping her tongue moving against his cock. He doesn't know how he is going to make it home with Molly's beautiful, wet mouth on his cock, but he puts his foot on the gas, and somehow they arrive.

Without even zipping his pants up, erection hanging out, Jimmy jumps from the car, runs to the other side and pulls Molly out into his arms. He slams the door with his foot, runs to the doorway and pushes his way into the house. Once they are safely inside, Jimmy pushes Molly up against the wall and unbuttons her shirt. She isn't wearing any kind of bra, so her breasts hang there, waiting to be sucked on. He bends down and begins sucking her nipples while she maneuvers him out of his shirt and runs her fingernails down his back. Jimmy can't stop cupping her breasts, jiggling them in his mouth and licking until they are completely moistened with his saliva. Molly is moaning loudly, uncontrollably.

Jimmy bends down even further, lifts up Molly's skirt, not even bothering to take it off, and pulls down her panties. He kisses her thighs then gives her clit a quick kiss. As he kisses, he can smell her pussy, wanting nothing more than to taste it. He begins to bury himself inside her sweet pussy, running his tongue along her clit and his finger down her slit. It tastes even better than he remembered. He begins slipping a finger inside of her, which takes her over the edge.

"Please fuck me, Jimmy," she begs, "I need to feel all of you inside of me again."

Hearing her ask for that drives Jimmy even wilder. He pulls down his own pants and his boxers revealing again his huge, throbbing cock. Molly begins to fondle him, caressing his balls, running her fingers down his shaft as he lifts her in the air and carries her to bedroom.

When they get to the bed, Jimmy sets her down and leans on top of her. They begin kissing so passionately. Their tongues are flying, going wild, as if they will never be able to kiss again. They have missed each other so much.

Molly opens her legs wide, revealing her little pink pussy to Jimmy, so he can see it all. Just the sight of her pussy, dripping wet makes him want to cum.

"Oh my god," he sighs.

He positions himself over Molly, his cock still rock hard and places the head at the entrance to her pussy. They are both breathing heavily in anticipation. They stare at his cock, waiting for it to enter. Slowly he pushes into her, and immediately the sparks start flying. It feels amazing. Better than either one of them remembered.

"I love you," Molly moans.

"Oh baby, you are so amazing," Jimmy breathes as his hips start to go faster, rocking against Molly's body. They wrap their arms around one another and begin to kiss again as they make love to each other on the bed. Jimmy continues sliding in and out of her. He doesn't know how long he can do this before he cums. It has been so long since he has had sex with his beautiful wife, but he closes his eyes, focuses hard, and continues to push his body into Molly while they kiss. He fills her up completely. It is like nothing either one has felt before.

Molly's hips are bucking back into him, increasing the speed they are going, creating more friction and more pleasure. The feelings washing over their bodies are so intense and amazing. They had missed each other so much and were showing their desires to be with the other person by putting all of the energy into this one, physical and sexual act. 

They are going it at it hard, getting sweaty, and beginning to roll around on the bed, Jimmy's cock never leaving Molly's pussy. Now that they were back together they were not going to be separated again, not so soon. After a few minutes with Jimmy on top, they roll over so Molly is straddling him, her skirt still on. She begins moving up and down on his cock, wrapping her hands in his hair, pulling him into her. Jimmy puts his hands on Molly's butt cheeks and squeezes them in his hands as he watches her breasts bounce in his face. They are so glad to be back together, and they can see it in the other's eyes.

Molly smiles at Jimmy and seeing that beautiful face light up the way it did whenever she looked at him, sent Jimmy straight into heaven, straight into the best orgasm he had ever experienced. His rock hard cock started shooting warmly inside of Molly's pussy, pulsating and releasing so much desire and energy for Molly and her body.

As soon as she feels Jimmy begin to cum, so does Molly. Her pussy tightening up around his cock, and then it lets go. They are both experiencing the most powerful orgasm, no, make that the most powerful feeling either of them had ever felt, as they looked into each other eyes.

The orgasm is a long one, it seems like it will never end. They never wanted it to end because it was so amazing, and had become more spectaculars as time passed since they had missed and loved each other so much. 

Their bodies begin to move more slowly, but their eyes never break contact and neither do their smiles. Both of their cheeks are flushed and they are panting heavily. Slowly, Molly climbs off of Jimmy and puts her head, right next to his, resting it in his armpit. They continue to gaze at one another lovingly, pressing their bodies against one another, rubbing their warm skin together. They decide to cuddle next to each other and relish in this beautiful moment that neither one of them will ever forget.

Jimmy pulls Molly even closer, pushes a piece of hair away from her face and kisses her lips ever so gently. "Are you ready for round 2?" he whispers seductively, nibbling at her ear.

Molly just smiles.