 I saw her as she walked along the shop fronts and she seemed to sway so attractively. I had been window shopping in that bored way you can do sometimes and had decided that this woman was worth looking at some more. I don't know when she noticed me watching her but it couldn't have been all that long when she moved to an escalator allowed it to move her to an upper level in the shops. It being a slow day there were few other shoppers around and none near us. As she rose upwards she reached behind her body grabbed a handful of dress and pulled it up exposing the sauciest, most beautiful butt I have ever seen.

It was lightly tanned a golden colour and without any sign of panties or thong so that I knew that she was completely naked underneath the thin dress she was wearing. Taken aback at first and then intrigued I followed her and watched as she would glance back every now and again, I thought I saw her smile a couple of times when she saw me in the distance.

Then she entered a second hand clothing store where an elderly lady started to chat with her. I followed her in and she glanced at me with a smile when she saw that it was me. At almost the same time the elderly lady left her and after looking at me and sniffing in a disapproving manner left to go out the back as though looking for some clothes. Turning back to the woman I was greeted by the sight of her naked ass cheeks waving towards me as she bent over to look at shoes and grasping her dress in her hands.

Turning back to me she signalled me to come over to her.

"Go to the change room over there I will join you soon," she whispered to me with a lust laden voice.

Trying not to make myself noticeable to the woman in the back I ducked into the change room that had been indicated and I waited. I had seen her getting the shop assistant to go and get other clothes that she wanted after talking to the woman again and taking the clothes she had in her hands. I pulled the door closed and then waited.

Suddenly the curtain was pulled aside and she entered the small cubicle with a wicked smile across her face. Softly she put a finger across my lips telling me not to make any sounds. Satisfied that I understood she took the clothes from her hands and hung them from the hooks in the room. Being such a small room my body rubbed against hers as she hung her clothes, more she was deliberately rubbing her butt against my hardening cock. Turning to me and smiling she began to unbutton the dress she was wearing.

Slowly as though tempting me even more she allowed her dress to fall open and expose her small breasts that were topped with the most amazing nipples that stuck out at least three quarters of an inch. She smiled at my amazement and reached down her body to softly and tenderly unzip my fly to expose my hard cock. Which she gently caressed with her hand all the time looking at my face as I struggled to keep from screaming with pleasure.

"You seem to like looking at me," her voice purred in my ear as she stroked my cock but refusing me any relief.

"Do you like shaved cunt, I shave mine it is very smooth," as she spoke she undid the last of the buttons of her dress and allowed it to drop to the floor exposing her naked body. Like she had told me she was smooth between her legs and her lips were prominent. I lusted for this woman, wanted to lap the juice from her succulent cunt, taste the rich juice I knew must be between her legs and then thrust my hard waiting cock deep into her. 

As I watched she caressed her body pinching her nipples that were surrounded by her tanned breast flesh, she pulled on them hard and bit her lips with pleasure. Opening her legs she slipped her hands along her body and opened her juicy cunt lips and then nodded to me. I slipped to my knees then and she threw one of her legs over my shoulder forcing her musky scented cunt against my face. 

With that delicious flesh against my lips I began to lick voraciously. My sensitive tongue touched and explored her lips and then in the entrance of her wet hole. I found her clit and marvelled at its size and prominence. I touched it gently with my tongue and she took my hair into her hands and pushed me hard against her groin.

"Harder!!!" she hissed.

"Are you alright in there," the voice of the shop assistant asked as I sucked her hard on her clit.

The nub of her pleasure throbbed as she huskily assured the woman she was well. Then he let out a sharp his as her cum shot into my mouth and I lashed her clit with my tongue until she pulled me to my feet and then kissed my cum stained lips with passion. Pulling her leg about my waist I felt her cunt lips next to my cock and reaching down I opened her hot passage and thrust my hard flesh deep into that welcoming hole. Gasping she thrust her tongue deep into my mouth as I humped my cock into her tight cunt.

As I fucked her standing against the plywood wall she twisted and writhed her body as her cunt pulsed, spasmed, orgasmed and was insatiable. I don't know how long we were fucking perhaps only a few minutes until I felt my cock pulse and the cum shooting through my flesh deep into that welcoming hole.

"Yessssssss!!!!" she groaned as she felt my warm cum shoot into her cunt again and again.

Panting my cock slipped from her warm embrace and using her old dress she wiped the cum from her lips and thighs and laughed as she put on the blouse and short summer skirt she had chosen only minutes before on her well fucked body. The cloth was so thin I could make out her nipples that virtually poked through the material. Looking at her skirt it was possible to make out the curve of her ass and the soft lips of her cunt.

Looking at the mirror as I pulled up my pants she turned to me and said," I like these I hope you have enough money for them since we have ruined my other clothes."

Smiling I reached into my pocket for my wallet and hoped that you might want to keep me with you as you shopped for more things. 

(Dedicated to Helen who inspired this quickie)