 What started out being a 4 days weekend, turned into a 6-day festival of lovemaking. She set out at 8am on her way to meet a man she had only spoken to on the phone and the Internet. Her passion had already been ignited and fulfilled by him and they had yet to touch. Their late night talks were filled with sexual innuendos and hot passionate descriptions of the activities they had planned.

As she neared the city in which he lived, her heart began to beat harder and her breathing became more exaggerated. Her panties were soaked with the excitement she had felt building for hours now. She could not wait to be in his arms. She knew that his first touch would send her over the edge, but she welcomed it eagerly.

He met her in the parking lot of his building complex and it was all she could do to not tear off his clothes right there. As they entered his apartment they came into each other's arms and kissed passionately. Her breathing became ragged as he nibbled and bit on her neck. Her passion grew with every touch of his lips to hers. She felt her knees go weak as he lifted her shirt and ran his hand along the hot flesh of her sides, cupping her breast and pressing on her nipples. She knew she was close to the edge and wanted to feel his skin against hers. 

She slowly unbuttoned his shirt so that she could feel his chest against her own. He slid his hands beneath the waistband of her pants and under the elastic to her panties. His hands were hot and welcomed. She parted her legs to let him have access to her hot steaming pussy. She was thankful for his strong arms around her because she knew she would not be able to stand-alone. Her legs were like rubber, her thighs on fire, her pussy boiling with anticipation.

His hands slide over here snatch with expertise, his fingers dipping deeply into her slit, his thumb making circles on her clit. He brings her to orgasm standing there in the entrance hall. As she calms a little, he leads her to his bed. Slowly lowering her to the mattress, he removes her clothing and begins to remove his own. She is anxious to see his body nude, and as he steps out of his pants, she sees the hard-on she has only felt pressing against her. He is 9 inches long and beautifully thick. A drop of pre-cum glistens on the tip. He kneels on the bed beside her and lowers his head between her thighs. Her legs part to let him in. He begins by slowly licking and nibbling on her thighs. He then teases her clit with his tongue. All the time his hands roam over her thighs and reach beneath her to fondle her ass. She shifts her weight on the bed so that she can reach his rock hard cock with her hands. She guides the tip between her lips and gently sucks him deep within her mouth. He shudders with excitement.

His fingers drive deep within pussy, his tongue licking and sucking at her clit. Her orgasm comes fast and hard and she sucks him deeply as the waves of pleasure wash over her. She fondles his balls as she continues to suck his cock. They are hard and full and she knows she will soon be getting a mouthful of hot juicy cum. As the thought crosses her mind, she feels him begin to spurt that warm nectar down her throat. His mouth has not left her clit and as his cum shoots down her throat he sucks harder and brings her to another violent orgasm.

They rise from the bed and dress slowly, enjoying fondling each other's bodies more. They know that this first encounter was hot and fast and the anticipation of later events is almost more than they can bear.

Later in the evening as they are seated close to each other on the couch watching TV, they begin to kiss again lazily. They have barely had their hands off each other all day, and they know now that the passion between them is about to explode again. As they kiss, his hands roam over her body and set her nerve ends on edge. Her nipples rise to his touch, his hands are warm and inviting. She reaches for his cock knowing it will be hard and waiting for her. She is not disappointed. She frees his member from his pants and strokes him gently as his hands play across her breasts.

When neither of them can contain themselves anymore, he rises from the couch and extends his hand to her. He leads her to the bedroom as they strip out of the remainder of their clothes along the way. He lies beside her on the bed and begins to stroke her clit with his fingers. She reaches for his cock and he grabs her hands, holding them behind her back so that she is unable to touch him. He has definite plans for her and will not be rushed this time. He holds her hands easily in one of his and continues the slow exploration of her body. His kisses are deep and passionate and she is moaning with desire. She struggles to release her hands because she wants to touch him too, but to no avail. He is too strong for her. She is squirming beneath his hands and is no longer able to count the orgasms this man has given her with his hands alone. 

He slides down her body as he releases her hands, although she is free now she can no longer reach him. He buries his face between her legs and sucks deeply at her clit. His fingers plunge in and out of her pussy time and time again. Her orgasms are coming one on top of another now, she is beside herself with passion. Finally he slides himself up her body and presses the head of his cock against her pussy lips. She raises her legs to accommodate him, but he maddingly refuses to enter her, preferring to tease her some more.

Then just when she can stand it no longer, he plunges deeply into her in one swift stroke. He pauses allowing both of them to feel the fullness of his cock in her pussy. He kisses her and begins long slow strokes. He pulls his cock out of her until only the tip remains, and then drives back into her all the way to the end. He strokes masterfully and brings her to orgasm again. Before she has the chance to recover, he pulls out of her and gently turns her over. He stands at the side of the bed and pulls her to him. He then plunges into her again. As he does this he reaches around her body and plays with her swollen clit. He strokes his cock into her faster and faster, reaching depths he could never have reached in the previous position. He rams her hard and fast and she loves it. 

Moments later he explodes within her with such force that he collapses on top of her sending both of them into an abyss of pleasure and lust. They raise themselves to the top of the bed and settle into each other's arms and sleep the sleep of the truly spent. Only to awaken several hours later to do it all again. And this is the first day of the weekend, which turned into a 6-day stay and many many more hours of passion... but that is another story.