 It's another lazy Sunday morning, the best kind. I have nothing to do, and all day to do it. My boyfriend Jared has been out of the house since early this morning, so I have the whole place to myself. I lie naked in bed on top of the bedspread, enjoying the crisp fall breeze blowing through the open window and over my body. Coffee is brewing in the kitchen and the scent of freshly ground beans permeates the house. My mind wanders, considering how I can amuse myself today.

Suddenly I hear a loud knock on the door. Startled, I jump out of bed. Who the hell? I think. I grab my short green satin robe and throw it on, quickly tying the belt in a loose bow. The robe covers all my assets, but only just barely. As I make my way to the door, I hear another impatient knock. I peek out of the peephole and see a man about my age. I take brief note that he's very cute, but quickly dismiss the thought. I've seen him around, I think, but I can't quite place him. He smiles charmingly, knowing I'm probably peeping at him before I open the door. 

I open the door just a couple inches, while hiding my barely covered body behind the door. "Yes? Can I help you?"

"Yeah, I'm Mike Smith." Seeing no reaction from my face, he continues, "I'm your paper delivery man. We need to talk." He continues smiling in an almost unsettling way as I frantically search my brain for what he would want from me. I remember him vaguely. I had seen him in the neighborhood, but I never really paid attention to how my paper got to my doorstep, as far as I knew it was magic.

"Ummm...Mike, right, yeah. What can I do for you? I'm not exactly prepared for company." I stare into his face, trying to imagine what all this was about, but his body language gives no clues.

"We might want to talk inside," he says matter of factly. He leans toward me and adds in a quiet voice, "Its about your bill." I look toward the street to see neighbors walking their dog along the sidewalk. I can also see my snoopy next-door neighbor, Hilda, staring right at us. What to do? Make a scene on the doorstep, or just invite him in and discuss it.

I unchain the door and invite him in. He looks relatively harmless. He steps inside and sees me in my entirety for the first time. I close the door and turn around to find him looking me up and down. I felt pretty confident that whatever this matter is, I could charm any man in this outfit.

His gawking continues, and the silence becomes a little unsettling. Finally I break the silence by clearing my throat. "So tell me, what is all this that's so important on a Sunday morning?"

"Well, you see Miss, it's about your bill. I've left you several notices and you're way past due." I try to remember what this is all about. My boyfriend, Jared has told me a hundred times that I'm bad about paying bills, and if he hears about this I'll never hear the end of it from him. 

"Umm...the bill...let me think." My mind is really a blank on this one. "Didn't I pay that? Yeah, wait...I remember now, I did pay that, I mailed you a check last week." Happy that this whole matter could be resolved, I start to reach for the door to let him out.

"Well, yes Miss, I got the check, but you see it bounced." Oh god, my heart sinks. Jared told me if I bounced just one more check he'd be furious. It isn't like we don't have the money, I just never seem to be able to move the money to the right account and balance the checkbooks. 

"Jeez, I'm really sorry. Ok, hold on, let me write you another check." I start to turn around to get the checkbook and he grabs my elbow to stop me. 

"Sorry, you can't write a check to pay now, since the other check bounced. And then there's the matter of the late fees, and the check insufficiency charge. You're going to need to pay cash, $64.45." I stand there looking at him, stunned, not even knowing what to say. 

"Listen, Mike was it? Mike, I don't have cash like that lying around. Can't you just come back tomorrow?" I smile my most charming smile, trying to convey the utmost sincerity.

He reads me like a book and ups the ante. "Listen lady, I've written you notices, I've done everything I can to help you out on this one, but if you don't pay me cash right now, I'll be forced to cancel your paper." Just as I consider what he's said, he adds, "Maybe I should just talk to your boyfriend, maybe that would get all this straight."

Oh god, I think, my boyfriend can't find this out. He'll be furious. After all the times he's told me over and over that I'm irresponsible with money, this would just be the last straw. He stands looking at my face, reading my panicked expression. He adds with a smarmy look, "If you don't have the cash right now, maybe we can work something out."

"Well, I don't have the money here, but this really seems like something we should be able to work out between us. My boyfriend is really busy with his work and all, let's not bother him over something like this." He smiles knowingly, but allows me to continue. "Here, how about you sit on the couch and we can discuss it."

He strolls over confidently, and plops on the couch like he owns the place. I sit down facing him, and as his eyes wander I suddenly realize just how short my robe really is! My legs are fully on display, even as I try to cover them up. The silence between us continues as I try desperately to cover up my indecent exposure.

"Is that coffee I smell?" He asks, still grinning in that smug way.

"Sure...I mean, yeah...I just made some. You want some?" He slowly nods, his eyes focusing on my cleavage. "What'll you have in it, Mike?"

"How about cream and sugar," he replies, his eyes never leaving my body. This man was anything but subtle. As I stand to go to the kitchen, he adds, "And how about you lose the robe." I spin around stunned. What? He can't be serious.

"Listen, Mike, I don't know who you think you are coming in here and making threats, but this is my house and maybe you should just leave. Coffee is one thing, but who do you think you are?!?" My voice quivers, despite my attempts to sound authoritative.

Completely unphased by my attempt to appear enraged, he lays his cards on the table. "OK, here's the deal sweetie. You owe me money. I know you have problems paying your bills on time, word gets around, and I know the water delivery guy. I also heard rumors that you and your boyfriend argue over your inability to pay bills on time." Damn that nosey neighbor, Hilda.

Looking straight at me, he continues on, "So how about we cut through the bullshit here, and you just do exactly as I say, so I don't have to go to your boyfriend with this whole nasty business."

He has me. Worse yet, he knows he has me. Resigned to the idea that I have no choice, I look at him with my last weapon, my pout. Pouting sincerely, I hope he will be merciful.

"Ok, off with the robe and get me some coffee. Just like I like it, really sweet." Still slightly stunned, I slowly peel off my robe, his eyes burning into my body. My breasts stick out with my nipples hardened from the cool air. My pussy is on display without even pubic hair to cover me, since my boyfriend likes me to be shaved all the time. It isn't that I'm not proud of my body, I am, but I hate being forced to do this, and he knows it. I walk toward the kitchen quickly, certain that his eyes were on my ass with each step I take. 

I fix up the coffee, my mind reeling. Just what does he think I'll do for a stupid newspaper bill? Stirring in the sugar, I think about the possibilities. He is really cute, under different circumstances...my mind begins to wander, and I can feel the beginning of a tingle in my pussy.

"Hey, did you get lost in there? Where's the coffee?" he shouts from the living room, breaking me out of my brief daydream. I trot out with the coffee, careful not to spill it, and lean over, handing him the cup. He watches as my breasts jiggle and push together as I hand it to him. I stand up, watching him take a sip. He slurps some loudly, and smiles his approval as his eyes again begin to wander over my body.

"Have a seat there, honey, and let's talk about what you can do for me." I sit at the other end of the couch, my knees together, my arms crossed over my breasts in a false sense of modesty. "Oh come now," he says in an almost charming way, "Come over here, I won't bite."

I sigh, realizing once and for all, I have no choice but to do whatever he wants. I sit next to him, close enough to feel the heat from his clothed body and smell his fresh manly smell, but not touching him. "No suggestions on what you can do for me?" he asks, almost rhetorically. Slowly, I nod no, knowing that soon enough he'll be telling me what he wanted.

He continues to sip his coffee, staring at me. He doesn't even try to act decent, as he stares directly at my breasts and my lap, with my shaved mound peeking up over my thighs. He slowly, agonizingly continues sipping that coffee, and my nerves get closer and closer to frazzled. Finally, after an eternity, he takes the last sip of coffee and puts the cup on the coffee table. I stare, thinking.... well, at least he used a coaster.

He looks up into my eyes, and says matter-of-factly, "I think you need to suck my cock." My eyes widen, but I am somewhat prepared for this. Actually, I'm good at sucking cock, this will be easy, I think, I'll suck him, get him off quickly, and be done with all this. The quicker I finish, the less chance Jared will find out, and then this whole matter will be behind me.

He leans back on the couch, spreading his legs. I look at him, almost expecting more instructions, before he says in a forceful voice, "Get over here and get those lips on my cock."

I jump off the couch, and quickly kneel between his legs. I can't even look in his eyes, I feel so humiliated. I quickly, skillfully, begin to undo his pants and tug down the zipper. He lifts his hips so I can ease his shorts down over his semi-hard cock. I pull his pants and boxers from his ankles, and glance up into his eyes. He's smiling, loving every minute of this. OK, I think taking a deep breath, all I have to do is get him off, and I'm home free.

I reach out and hold his cock in my hand, then begin pumping it up and down a little, feeling it getting bigger already. He has a nice cock, I think, and then realize, how insane that I find anything about this nice. I lick the head and he moans quietly. I get the head wetter and begin pumping his cock up and down with my hand, feeling it slick in my fingers. He sees what I'm doing, and barks out another instruction, "No hands."

Great, no hands. OK, I can do this, I think. I put my hands on his thighs and reach down with my lips, grasping the head between them. I slowly slide his cock into my warm mouth, and he groans again. I glide his cock about half way into my mouth, in and out. This would be enough to get most any man off, I think. "Yeah, you give good head. Yeah, suck it hard. Lick my balls."

His cock slips from my lips as my tongue delves down to his balls, licking them gently up and over. I lick straight up the shaft of his cock to the head and again take his cock into my mouth. By now his cock is hard, and so hot in my mouth. I can feel him throbbing against my tongue as I slide my lips quickly up and down. He knows I'm trying to rush it and make him cum quickly. He reaches his hands down and not too gently takes my hair in his hands. He holds my head and started pulling me slower and much deeper onto his cock, so he can control the pace. His cock is almost too deep in my mouth, but he mercifully goes just a fraction of an inch short of gagging me. 

He fucks my mouth for minutes that seemed longer, and the realization that I am being completely used starts to dawn on me. I can feel my nipples hard and starting to ache. I can even feel my pussy start to leak on my legs folded under me. Oh god please don't let him find out how much this is exciting me. I can't believe my body would betray me like this. If he finds out how wet I am, it would be the final humiliation. 

His cock is so hard now, and I begin to steel myself for him to cum in my mouth. I get ready, shut my eyes tight, promising myself I won't gag when the first rope of cum hits the back of my throat. I hear him laugh, and open my eyes. I look up at him, my mouth full of cock, and watch him smiling at me. With his hands in my hair, he pulls my lips off his cock, and the head falls out with a plop.

"OK, enough of that. I have to admit, you're a helluva cocksucker though." I just stare at him thinking, what next? Before I have time to guess, he commands, "On your knees. I want to get a closer look at that ass of yours." I turn around slowly, trying to imagine how I can hide how aroused I am. I get on all fours on the carpeted floor, my ass facing in his direction. From behind me I can hear him getting completely undressed, his clothes slowly piling up beside me. As I squeeze my legs together, I hope he can't see how slick I am, or smell my excitement.

He gets on his knees behind me and reaches out both hands to my ass. I nearly jump, feeling his hands roughly running over my cheeks. "Oh yeah, this is a great ass." One of his hands runs up to the small of my back and pushes down, directing me onto my elbows with my ass up in the air. He continues fondling my ass cheeks, his hard cock occasionally slapping against the back of my thigh. I feel his knees push between mine, forcing me to spread my legs wide. I can only imagine how this must look to him, I'm sure he can see everything, including how excited I am.

Just as I almost start to enjoy his hands caressing me, out of nowhere he smacks me hard on the ass. I jump up and yelp, "Owww!" I start to reach my hand back to rub the smacked spot, and he chides me, "You know better than that. On your elbows."

He starts smacking me in earnest now, between long periods of fondling my ass cheeks. I can feel the fire on my bottom, and even as I wish it isn't true, I can feel even more pussy juice running out onto my thigh. "This spanking is so you'll remember how important paying bills on time is," he says, laughing. "But more importantly, this is a spanking because your bottom is so spankable, I can't help myself." He stops spanking, and continues rubbing, from the backs of my thighs, and his fingers delving just between my ass cheeks. Uncontrollably, I start pushing my thighs back toward his hands, loving the feeling of his caresses.

Without warning I feel two of his fingers invade my pussy, deep and quick. I jump again, startled. "You're enjoying this," he laughs. "I can't believe you're enjoying this. You like getting your mouth fucked and getting your ass spanked." I don't even reply, since there's nothing I can say to refute it. His fingers start pumping in and out of me roughly. He continues, "God your pussy is so tight and wet, your boyfriend is a lucky man." I moan in response, pushing my hips back toward his fingers. God help me, this is amazing. I can hear his fingers squishing inside me, as he shoves his fingers in and out. 

Still bending over with my legs spread wide, he pulls his fingers from my pussy and runs the juices down toward my clit. When he touches my clit it's like an electric shock that surges through my whole body. Involuntarily I moan. I feel his fingers rub over my clit for a second, then pull back up and along, over my hole and up between my ass cheeks. He dips his fingers back in over and over, sliding my juices up along my crack, and then down over my throbbing clit.

I feel him positioning his cock at my pussy, holding it right at the entrance without moving it inside. He reaches under me and pinches my clit with his thumb and forefinger, and then bends over, his voice just behind my ear, "Tell me what you want." Too excited to even think straight, I try to move my hips to grind my clit into his hand. He slowly, tantalizingly rubs over my clit, and insistently asks me again, "Tell me what you want." 

Still I can't bring myself to tell him. I can't admit to him that I am so excited I would fuck anyone, anything at this point. I can't bring myself to tell him that this is the most excited I've been in a long, long time. My pussy aches to be filled and drips with juice. I am so ready to be fucked.

He waits a minute for me to answer while still rubbing, then without warning he pulls his hand and cock away. I'm panting, groaning with disappointment, moving my hips and searching for his hands. "Listen, I don't rape women. Tell me what you want, or this is it, I'm leaving." 

I considered for three long seconds, and then stop thinking. I blurt out, "Yes, this is what I want. I want you to fuck me. Fuck me hard. Take my pussy. Fill me up with that big cock of yours!" And with that, his hands grab my hips and his cock slams into me, my pussy so wet that it slides in with one thrust. We moan together, the feeling of his cock inside feels amazing. Holding my hips tightly he begins slamming in and out of my pussy, and I can feel his balls slapping my pussy over and over.

As he fucks me I can feel his hands on my hips, then on my ass. I feel his cock pistoning inside me over and over, not even stopping to let me catch my breath. His thumbs pull my ass cheeks apart, and I am so exposed. He starts to trail a thumb down my crack, still slippery with my juices. Up and down his thumb rubs, and every time he lightly presses over my other tight hole, my pussy spasms hard on his cock. I feel him take his hand from me and hear him loudly slurp saliva onto his thumb. He brings his thumb back to my crack as he continues to slam his cock into me over and over. I feel his thumb on my ass, and then gasp as his thumb gently slides inside me. The feeling is incredible, being filled in both holes, and I am in heaven. Gently he begin to move his thumb in and out in time with his cock moving in and out of my pussy, occasionally pulling more juice up from my pussy to my ass.

Unable to stop myself I reach down between my legs and feel for my aching clit. "Oh yeah baby, touch that clit. Make your pussy squeeze my cock, yeah." I start to move my fingers over my clit, knowing I'm really close. He slams even harder into my pussy and then pushes his thick thumb deep inside me as I cum. "Ohhhhh gooooodddddd!!" I feel my pussy grabbing his cock, squeezing over and over. The feeling washes over me as he stops fucking me, and stays very still with his hard cock still inside me.

When I come to my senses, still panting, I realize he's stopped, and his cock slides out of my pussy. Hmm...did he cum? He stands up and I turn over. We're still out of breath, and I can see beads of sweat on his forehead. He takes my hand and helps me up, directing me to sit on the couch. I look at his cock, and it's still very hard, dripping with my juices. He hasn't cum yet, I realize. I sit on the couch, him standing in front of me, with his hard cock inches from my lips, and I realize what he wants. I pull him toward my mouth with my hands on his ass, and take his hard cock between my lips. No words need to be spoken. I know what he wants and I can tell he is close.

He takes my head in his hands and fucks my mouth deep, grunting with every thrust. "Oh yeah, suck that cock. Suck it hard, I'm gonna cum all over you. Ooooh yeah." His cock throbs on my tongue, as I taste my juices on him. In and out of my tight wet lips, I know he is so close. Suddenly he pulls his cock from my mouth, and holds it in his hand as he shoots his spunk over my chest. Rope after rope of cum shoots out, and I feel it splatter on my chin, my tummy, and my breasts. I stand up from the couch, god that was amazing. 

I smile, trotting off to the bathroom to tidy up. I use a warm washcloth to clean off the sticky goo. He's gotten it everywhere, even into my hair. Once I am cleaned up, I walk back out to the living room and see him, naked and lying on the couch, eyes closed.
