 Her fingers really explored further. I sometimes teased myself, starting slowly with my fingers like hers were, trying to hold off touching my pussy, until they just couldn't resist. I felt almost like that now, and my fingers did too, but they weren't on my pubic mount. That didn't stop them from also exploring further. Pat moaned very softly. What were we doing? What were we going to do? I returned to her last words and murmured questioningly: 

"You're thinking about pussy licking?" 

"Um-hmm, I guess so. Why not, if he liked to do it so much."

Oooh! Her hand slid further, and her fingers were cupped around my pussy. My thighs clamped together on them. Her also twitched together, but not on my fingers. She had said that and then held my pussy?! She couldn't be thinking about licking my pussy! Or could she be?! Pat murmured: 

"I guess I'm curious enough to want to know." 

"You ..., You want to lick a pussy?" I managed to reply. 

Damn! Her fingers tightened around mine. I hoped she was hold my pussy lips together so that none of my aroused moisture leaked out. I was about to ask again: You want to lick mine? Then realized that could sound like an offer. Before I could rephrase that to sound like it wasn't, Pat murmured: 

"Yes, I do. It shouldn't make any difference to you who licks your pussy. Yes, I want to." 

My thighs had relaxed; her fingers could move and did, her middle fingers alternating pressure on the edges of my pussy lips. As though they had been my fingers about to begin arousing me, my thighs spread slightly, inviting hers to do more. Like mine would have, one of hers slipped between my pussy lips. I knew exactly how it felt for her finger to be there and that it was discovering how wet my pussy was. That was the pleasure of teasing myself, that I was then all wet, better than when I only had time for a quickie, having to spit on my fingers. It didn't surprise me, when she said: "And it wants me to." 

It sure did! I drew my hand away and rolled on my back, flopping my thigh over. She moaned, and her fingers enjoyed the freedom to explore in my wet, open pussy, making me moan. Did I say: "Yeah, do it"? 

Pat didn't need any encouragement. She flung back the covers and scramble down between my open thighs, trying to keep her hand on my pussy, as though I might change my mind, if she lost contact with it. 

No way! I already had my hands up under my nightie on my breasts, my nice stiff nipples between my fingers. This was going to be better than anything I could do by myself. Of course, since for a moment I still had the impression of having three hands to arouse myself. I moaned in anticipation and heard Pat hum in her anticipation. Then both her hands were on my thighs, and in the dark her face was between them, her mouth immediately right on my pussy, her tongue lapping up between my pussy lips. 

Could it be more arousing than the first time my cousin had licked my pussy? I forgot about him; Pat's tongue was doing everything my pussy could want it to, making me moan. She was also humming and moaning. Was she was enjoying it as much as she had hoped? Was it that good, licking a pussy? It sure seemed like she thought so. And she knew just what a pussy wanted, better than any male, except for my cousin. Or did I only think he had done it so good, because no one else had before? 

I liked the idea that Pat knew exactly it was feeling like for my pussy, when her tongue was on my clitoris especially, but everywhere else, when it was trying to wiggle as deep as it could in my vagina. She must love the taste of my pussy; her tongue had lapped up below there. And she had chuckled. Was she returning my moans just in empathy, or was it that arousing for her too? Was licking another girl's pussy as arousing as sucking a cock? Did I want to find out? 

Oh, her hands were sliding up, wanting to dislodge mine on my breasts. Of course, she knew that I wanted that too, She chuckled at discovering that mine were already there, unnecessary confirmation, and her fingers also knew exactly what my nipples wanted. Another girl knew everything without experience! It must be good! Was her pussy as aroused as mine was after I had sucked his cock, wanting to have my mouth full of his semen? Did she want to taste my pussy juice when I orgasmed? What was it like when she did, squirting like that? It would flood his face. Or was I thinking about it's flooding mine?! 

Pat was doing everything to give me an orgasm, making my hips begin to twitch. I grabbed her head and helped her mouth and tongue stay where I wanted to feel them. She'd better want to know what another girl's orgasm was like; my hips were beginning to rise of the bed! I was gasping and moaning, and she was moaning. My thighs were quivering, as my hands tried to keep her mouth on my so aroused and bobbing clitoris. 

"Fuck! Fuck!" Had I really exclaimed that? I had; and I did again and came! Only then was I aware that Pat's hands were holding my breasts in a painful grip. Fuck! My cousin hadn't done it better! And Pat's tongue was as eager as his had been to lick up the pussy juice that I felt sliding down between the cheeks of my ass. 

Shit! After her first lick over my asshole, her tongue found it again! Crap! She wanted to do that? Had I told her that felt good, or did her tongue just want to explore there again? It was, then lapped up, and she moaned deeply. She had really enjoyed licking my pussy - and everything else! My cousin or another man couldn't have done it better! 

I relaxed, as satisfied as I had ever been after an orgasm, too satisfied to think further. But then I was aware that Pat's hands on my breasts were helping her rise up, and then she was suddenly lying heavy on me with her mouth on mine. 

Before I could think anything about girls' kissing each other, her tongue was in my mouth, tasting of my pussy. My tongue immediately caressed as it always had when one was in my mouth, but this one tasted better, a lot better than when "he" had been smoking. When her tongue then enticed mine to follow hers, mine was in her mouth and wanted to be. For an instant, I remembered her saying that it shouldn't matter who was licking my pussy. It certainly had not, nor whose tongue had been in my mouth, nor now that mine was in hers. I realized that my arms were around her. 

Her hips were rocking down, her legs still between my thighs rocking down - her pubic mound pressing on mine, our pussies so close. Was her pussy as aroused and wet as I had wondered before? Pat let my tongue retreat and murmured: "That was so good; I loved it. I'm all wet." 

She was, her pussy was! Her hips rocked down again. Hadn't I already admitted to myself that I was just as curious, more so now that I knew how good she had done it, that she had enjoyed it so much? I was thinking about how it would be to lick her pussy - already wet pussy, but I couldn't say that I wanted to. I didn't have to. Pat's tongue was sliding back and forth on my lips. Then she murmured: "It was so good. I want you to." 

She didn't wait for a reply, beginning to raise her shoulders. My arms dropped away. That must have been enough confirmation that I wanted to - in which position? Pat hummed in her throat and rose up on her hands and got her legs outside mine and began to crawl up over me - like that, she wanted to sit on my face. I knew that was good and suddenly remembered that I hadn't finished my story about sitting on my cousin's cock, remembered now because he had then wanted me to sit on his face, the first time I did that, then later, when I knew the guy liked to lick pussy. A couple of them had suggested it themselves; a couple of others had been surprised, when I did.

All that flashed through my mind, while she was crawling up. I automatically grasped the cheeks of her ass - like the men had mine - and helped guide her pussy to my mouth. 

Wet, her pussy was almost dripping! When my tongue swept up the length of her pussy lips, it found drops of the moisture of her arousal and that her pussy lips were already open, not like I had seen them in the mirror. Had mine been like that, when she was shaving me? She tasted so good! 

She moaned and I hummed in response. 

My tongue swept up again, this time between her lips. That was how a pussy was, how mine had been for her tongue: soft inner lips and more of that good taste. I knew where it came from, and my tongue found the mouth of her vagina and explored and probed. She responded with a warm chuckle. Could a stiff cock fit in the little hole that was so close around my tongue? Of course, silly question, it just didn't seem like it for my tongue. 

The first guys who had licked my pussy had thought that was what they were supposed to do. It had been arousing, that they did anything, but then frustrating when they didn't find my clitoris, even when they then fucked me to their satisfaction - the times when I had satisfy myself back in my own bed. After my cousin had done it right, and I had then dared to tell guys what to do, having my vagina licked was more arousing in my confident anticipation that they would do what was even better. 

Should I tease Pat, until she complained and told me to do what I knew her pussy wanted? No, my tongue was too eager to find her clitoris and discover what is was like to lick. Pat groaned; my "virgin" tongue knew what she wanted and delighted at doing it and at hearing her groan and moan in response - me hearing that, not my tongue. Could it be better than sucking a cock and making it surge and twitch and hearing him moan? Yes! I knew exactly the arousing sensations that were making her moan and her hips twitch on my mouth. 

My pussy was wanting those sensations too. One of my hands left her ass and was quickly on it, immediately doing what it wanted. Was her clitoris larger than mine? Or did hers just seem larger for my tongue, which was doing everything I knew it wanted? 

Then I was aware that she was whipping her nightie off. Mine was all bunched up above my breasts. With that recognition, I remembered that she had been holding them, so I should do that too. Reluctantly, I stopped arousing myself and reached up with both hands and found her breasts, her nipples as stiff as they could be. She growled. Yes, it was right that I did that and would have been unfair to continue to arouse myself - another time. Another time with Pat?! 

This time first, I had to give her her orgasm. I did, but I had forgotten that she squirted. Her fountain was all over my chin and everywhere else it landed. I had felt the force of it on my chin! Success! I had to taste it, but Pat had dropped forward, turning her pussy from my mouth. I had to taste it. My hands returned to her ass and I pushed myself down the bed a little and turned my face up so my tongue could find her vagina. Did it taste sweet? I thought so, enjoying feeling her vagina contract. 

Pat shivered with another moan and raised her hips and murmured: "Enough! Fuck! That was good!" 

Had she used that word before? Probably, just overheard by me. Now I had no inhibitions about saying something: "It sure was. I loved it." 

Pat chuckled, sitting back on my chest and tousling my hair with one hand, and replied: 

"I knew you would. Oooh! I almost never come like that without my fingers in me. Hm-hmm! Congratulations - and thanks!" 

I smiled and nodded in the dark, my eyes now open, realizing that it was too dark in the room for her to have seen my response, then suddenly wondered what her pussy looked like, if I could see it when it was aroused. She stroked my wet face and then felt my bunched-up nightie and remarked: 

"I really did squirt that much, all wet, sorry."

"I wanted you to. Well, I had forgotten about that, until you did, but I wanted it to be as good for you as it was for me." 

When I heard what I had said, I thought: Fuck, never expected I would say that to another girl! Then I chuckled at the congruity of the expletive. Pat asked why I had chuckled. I told her, and we both laughed. Then she agreed that she had never thought she would do what she had done, then suggesting that I take off my wet nightie. She got off me, and I did, both agreeing that we needed to go to the bathroom. Before I found the light switch, I liked that she remarked: "If we can stand to see each other in the light." 

We could, smiling, more smirking at each other, both chuckling. Did my nipples pop out like I saw hers do? I knew they had, before she reached up and rippled the backs of her fingers over them. I really didn't have any inhibitions at all now. My hands grabbed her sides and drew us into an embrace. Her arms found their way around my shoulders, our naked bodies clenched together, her breasts pressed on mine, our hips rocked up tight together. 

When girls normally embrace, maybe their breasts contact, but they keep their hips apart, from my experience till then at least. Now I wanted contact all the way down to my thighs, and Pat did too, making me recall how it had been when she was lying on me, remembering how our pussy mounds had pressed together. They couldn't that good, standing up, but we could kiss just as good as we had then, and my hands slid down and clasped the cheeks of her ass. It was so good feeling her naked body on mine! 

We kissed as long as we could, until we had to remember that we both wanted to use the toilet. We did, then smirking as we watched each other wash our pussies and then our faces. Back in bed, we lay facing each other, our thighs drawing up and overlapping as though they had many times before. That made me have to say something it to remind myself that I still liked sex with men: 

"Like sleeping with a guy afterwards." 

"Yeah, like this, lying with him afterwards," Pat agreed, then added: 

"Didn't always fall asleep this way." 

Her hand found my breast. Why couldn't I keep my nipple from sticking out so that her finger could flick over it? "Nice nipple," she murmured: "better than mine for this." 

Shit, fuck! What was that word, I thought: cunnilingus. Pat didn't want to arouse me again, do it again?! I could have stopped her hand, but didn't, holding her breast instead, but not rubbing her nipple. Her finger stopped moving. Then she chuckled and said: 

"Oh, this morning in your story, when you had been sitting on his cock, what happened then?"

At least, I thought, she was still interested in hearing about sex with a man. I chuckled and replied: "I thought about that, when you were crawling up over me; he had also wanted me to sit on his face."

"Good cousin. I like it that way, if the guy wants me to."

"What I was also thinking, and now I know why they do." 

Pat rubbed my nipple again. It wasn't stiff the first time her finger passed over it, but then it was. I managed to keep my thighs from clenching hers and continued: 

"But if you want to hear the story, stop doing that." 

"Awww, why? It wanted me too," Pat complained facetiously, but stopped.

"That's why, to let me think about something else." 

"Okay, if the rest of the story is good." 

"Maybe not my telling, but what we did. Where was I?" 

"Still sitting on his cock, then somehow you were telling all about his sister."

"Hm-hmm! Maybe I should thank her!"

"Better not." 

"No. So I was sitting on his cock ..."

"And had made him come just with your pussy contractions," Pat interjected. 

"Yeah, and then he wanted me to really fuck him. That only surprised me a little, since at least once before he had come twice without taking his cock out. Oh, that's good, being able to do whatever I want with his cock in my pussy." 

"Yeah, better than a guy's just pumping it in and out," Pat agreed. 

"And he drew me down over him and wanted to suck my nipples and ..."

"I want to do that too," Pat interrupted me in mid sentence, and her finger rubbed again. 

This time I didn't complain; the sensations on my aroused nipple belonged to the story. I continued: 

"And he did, while my hips still moved, but he slipped out. Back in again, he moved me back, so we could kiss, while I fucked him, better again, since I could take longer strokes. Did his tongue probe in my mouth in time with my hips going down on his cock? A few times maybe. And then he really surprised me. Maybe I shouldn't tell this."

"What? Go on." 

"Still a little embarrassing to say: his fingers crept in behind my pussy. Yeah, well, he had already licked me there, but now his finger was wanting to do more than his tongue could. Should I like that?" 

"You've already told that you did, this morning. Hmm? And didn't complain when I did." 

"Oh, yeah. But then he quickly put his finger in his mouth, more like between our mouths, and then his wet finger was really wanting to do more, and my asshole was contracting and relaxing, letting it. He really wanted to do that! And I wasn't complaining, objecting, just moaning: fucked in both holes and feeling them both contracting! Did that make my orgasm better? Couldn't have really. And he came again, of course, and I collapsed on him. Fucking is exertion." 

I paused, realizing that my pussy and asshole were contracting as though they had heard my story. Pat's finger had stopped moving. She waited a few moments, then asked: 

"And sitting on his face?" 

"Yeah, when we had recovered a little, he told me that he wanted to lick my pussy. Maybe he didn't use those words, but he was urging me to move up over him, so that was the only thing he could have wanted. I did, feeling my pussy dripping - probably all the way up over him, making me ask myself if he really wanted to lick, after he had come twice in me." 

"He had before, if I remember correctly, so he must have wanted to," Pat suggested. 

"He did, humming as his tongue lapped everywhere - not where his finger had been. 

"If we sort of like to taste them; why should he mind? Hm-hmm! Maybe it tastes better in combination with our juice." 

I chuckled at Pat's remark and agreed: 

"Yeah, maybe. I can't ask him now, and no one else wanted to do that."

"Maybe someone will, or you can ask him to. I bet most guys have licked their fingers once, at least." 

"You ask someone. Then his tongue stopped lapping and began to arouse me again, like yours did."

"And yours," Pat enjoined. 

"Um-hmm, and now we know why it wanted to. Of course, I came again, third time in one sitting."

"And three different ways!" Pat remarked, sounding impressed. 

I squeezed her breast, feeling a little pleased with myself. Telling her about my experience and her remarks had made me recognize how lucky I was, that I apparently had had more and better sex than she or most girls. In the morning, when I had started telling, and she had suggested we could masturbate together, I had been thinking that she must have had more experience. 

"Um-hmm," she hummed softly, as though she were agreeing with me, but probably in response to my having squeezed her breast, since she had squeezed mine. 

"End of the stories, anything else would be repetitious," I murmured, suddenly feeling sleepy. 

"Yes, thanks, too good. Sleep, my breast or yours?" 

I snorted slightly at her question, considering for a moment that her thigh was on top, easier for her to just roll back, and murmured: "Yours - as usual." 

She nodded with an um-hmm and rolled back. I rolled forward, one hip resting on hers, my thigh comfortably between hers, my arm on her stomach and hand lightly on her breast. We were just getting comfortable, when we realized that we needed the covers. I had to sit up and get them. When I lay down again, she had her arm extended, offering her shoulder as a pillow, even more comfortable. My hand found her breast again, and hers rested on my side, and we fell asleep. 

Many years later, when I saw Gustave Courbet's painting "Le Sommeil," I had to smile at the recognition that Pat and I had been lying together like the two nude women in the painting. 
