 Edited by: Pope1944. Thanks!

***

Jennifer woke up in the middle of the night. She was sure she had heard her child crying. She sat up in bed before stopping herself: Ewan was with his grandparents. She probably only dreamed of hearing him cry. Turning to her right Jennifer looked at Lance, her husband, and sighed. Crossing her legs beneath her, she spent a long moment looking at him as he slept. 

Things hadn't been all that good between them in the last few months. The elation of Ewan's birth had gently but surely faded as he grew, and in its place the married couple had felt a lot more frustration, anger and resentment than they had anticipated. This first night without him since his birth had been, in fact, an attempt at rekindling their love and passion. 

Sadly, Jennifer sighed again and closed her eyes, it had miserably failed. Last night's entire evening had been a series of disappointments, misaligned expectations and failing attempts at reconnecting sexually. They had come to bed early and Jennifer had even wondered if Lance would decide to sleep in the guest room. He hadn't. 

At three o'clock, in the deep of the night, Jennifer fought her tears as she looked at him, gently caressing his hair. The only thing that kept her from despairing was that she knew they still loved each other. Everything else seemed to be crumbling, but not that. And Ewan, of course. Ewan was in good health and developed normally. But even a normal child would draw a lot of energy from its parents, and Jennifer and Lance were feeling the brunt of that draw. 

Jennifer took a deep breath, sat straighter and realized that she probably wouldn't be able to fall back asleep. And while Ewan hadn't actually awakened her, her breasts were still bursting with milk. They hadn't gotten the memo about that first night off. It wasn't an emergency just yet, but she knew she'd have to pump them later in the morning. 

She grabbed both of her breasts in her hands and a trace of a smile appeared on her lips. She hadn't had large breasts before her pregnancy and she had been stunned by their growth as the months went by. Lance had been equally stunned. She still remembered how much he became obsessed with them in the months leading up to the birth of their first son. 

She had teased him about it mercilessly. During the first four months, her pregnancy had turned him off. She was still very beautiful, he would say, but he clearly wasn't as interested in sex as before. Yet when her breasts began to grow, so did his appetite. They had spent the last few months of her pregnancy having a lot of sex! They had made love almost daily!

Jennifer squeezed her breasts as she remembered those days, feeling a sliver of pleasure emerging after a long drought. The corner of her lips curving upwards, she gently pulled the blanket off of him and admired his body. They both slept naked and she could now see all of him. The very faint light was enough for her and her smile grew as she feasted on his pecs, abs, thighs, cock and arms. She released her breasts and slid her hands down her flat tummy until her fingertips slipped through her dark bush.  

Jennifer shivered as a rush of pleasure surged within her. "Why hadn't it worked yesterday?" she wondered again. They had both been really into it, after all. But it seemed as if their rhythms were completely out of sync. She was aware that her motherhood had probably increased her prudishness. No. That wasn't the right word. Jennifer wasn't a prude. But ever since meeting Lance and being fascinated by his bright male energy, she had been slightly afraid of it as well. 

He had been, by far, the most intense lover she had ever had. And she had appreciated that. A lot. Yet she knew he sometimes held back with her after she had stopped him a few times, either by slowing him down with a hand or a word. Maybe it was that mismatch that had caused yesterday's failure? Or at least contributed to it? Jennifer didn't know. 

She loved Lance very much, and beyond being her most intense lover, he was also the best she'd ever had. But that edge sometimes made her nervous. It excited her, but... She sighed. "Maybe if I woke him up with a blowjob?" she thought, now grinning. Then again, she couldn't even remember the last time she gave him such a treat even though oral sex had been a very regular feature of their sex life. 

As her fingers were still gently caressing her pussy, she realized that her bush was now as thick as an abandoned jungle. "Yeah..." she thought. "Abandoned, that's the right word." Her smile faded and she sighed before carefully stepping out of bed. After making her way to the bathroom she lit a candle and drew herself a bath. As she revelled in the sweet sensations, she grabbed her breasts again to gauge how much milk there was in there. A lot. Nevertheless she didn't think they were about to overflow on their own.

Unwittingly, as her thoughts drifted, she kept her hands on her breasts and caressed them gently. A few minutes later she realized that she was playing with them and smiled. Deliberately now, she gently squeezed her nipples and shivered in the water. She didn't know what her breasts would look like after she stopped breastfeeding, but until then she would enjoy their new size as much as she could. Lance didn't know this, but Jennifer loved her bigger breasts almost as much as he did. 

Soon one of her hands moved back down to her pussy, first resting on it before plunging one finger inside her. She arched her back and felt her heavy breasts moving to either side. A second finger soon joined the first: Jennifer had discovered very young that she wasn't a clitoral woman. She certainly could reach orgasm through clitoral stimulation, but for mind blowing climaxes, she needed something deep inside her. So while her palm was pressed against her clit, her two fingers were doing most of the work. 

In a very short while, her fingers curling against her flesh every time she pulled them almost all the way out, Jennifer arched again in her bath, her mouth wide open in a silent scream. As she panted, slowly catching her breath, she realized that it had been a long time since her last climax. A very long time. "Maybe that had been part of yesterday's fiasco?" she wondered. Jennifer knew that one of the secrets to a successful sex life was to stay in touch with your own body, your own pleasure. 

Looking down between her breasts, she saw that her jungle had indeed grown to very natural proportions. Grinning, she reached for her razor and Lance's shaving cream. Taking her time, still feeling her orgasm's pleasant buzz, she trimmed herself clean. Nothing on her thighs, nice strips of bare skin on either side of her pussy and a trim on top. Looking at herself with the handheld mirror she nodded, satisfied. The wide strip of hair, the look she had sported for years now, was perfect. 

And then, on a whim, she decided to shave everything off. She hadn't done that since her teenage years and Jennifer was pretty sure that Lance had never seen her like this. A few minutes later she was completely bald. Jennifer was laughing, suddenly unsure if it was such a good idea. When Lance would see her... Then again, he might now even see her before it grew back. Jennifer closed her eyes and took a few deep breaths. "Of course he will see me," she thought. "We sleep in the nude." 

As Jennifer stood up from her bath, she tried to forget about it. She'd had more fun with herself in the last hour than she'd had with him in a long while now. If he liked it, great. If not, well, it would regrow. Looking at herself in the mirror, Jennifer smiled and decided that she liked the look. It was a bit incongruous with her slim figure but very large breasts, but it definitely was sexy!

When she walked out of the bathroom, it was still pitch dark outside. It was 4 am. What to do? Jennifer then looked at the door that led to the garage. Unlike most houses, their garage wasn't a place to park a car or garden tools or even woodworking tools. No. For Jennifer it was her own workshop. Her pastry workshop that is. She hadn't been there since Ewan was born other than to get a few kitchen tools from time to time. 

She walked there and opened the door. After turning the lights on, Jennifer took a deep breath and smiled. That's what she'd do today: lose herself in this passion. Before taking a break for Ewan Jennifer had had a successful, if small scale, business. Luckily for her Lance had a very good salary and pastry work was a hybrid passion-work thing for her. Some months they made money of off it, others they didn't. But Jennifer rarely felt as alive as when working with flour, sugar and eggs. 

As she walked around her small workshop, she wondered why she hadn't already come back to work. Ewan did require a lot of attention, but for the first time she realized that she could work here while he played or slept. In fact, all she'd have to do is move that table about a foot towards the wall and she could place Ewan's play yard right next to her main working area. Her spirits soaring, she cleaned the work spaces, pulled out pots and bags of ingredients at random and began working. Soon she found herself singing and dancing as she worked in the nude like she usually did before. Of course, that was a trademark that none of her clients knew about! 

Lance woke up alone in the bed. He felt a twinge of sadness when he felt the cold and empty place where Jennifer usually slept. Just like his wife earlier, he thought about their disastrous evening together. What stung the most was that it had been supposed to be the evening that would reenergize their couple. What a failure. So much frustration. 

In fact, Lance was well aware that there had been a lot of frustration between them for months now. He hated that sometimes the smallest things became big problems. Big stupid problems. Even during the moments where he was the most well intentioned, things sometimes crashed out of control towards more frustration and anger. 

And now, despite her tiredness, Jennifer had decided to go and sleep in the guest room. Shit. He had hoped that maybe they could have come together during the night. They had shared such half-awake sex many times in their relationship, and had enjoyed just about all of those moments. But it hadn't happened tonight. Worse yet: even though she had woken up, Jennifer had decided to leave. 

It was now 4:30am. Lance got up and walked down to the guest room. He very carefully opened the door and peered in the darkness, not wanting to wake her up. He was surprised to see that she wasn't there. Hadn't slept there at all. He frowned, puzzled. "Did she really leave?" his heart pounded for a moment until he looked outside and saw both their cars. Lance closed his eyes, pressed his forehead against the window and took a few deep breaths. "Things are not so bad that she would consider leaving? Right?" 

He stood up and shook those fears. Yes things were bad, but surely not that bad. He had seen that Jennifer had been more relaxed yesterday evening. He was pretty sure that she had actually wanted to have sex. Something they hadn't done for a long while now. So even though it hadn't worked, Lance didn't think she'd really leave. Still, standing naked in the kitchen, he knew that things weren't looking up. 

And then he heard her voice. He turned his head around, trying to figure out where it had come from. He heard her again and was surprised to realize that she was singing. The noise was coming from the garage. Without thinking of knocking first, he walked to the door and opened it. What he saw floored him. 

Jennifer was dancing in her workshop, half-covered in flour. Lance's eyes opened wide as he stared at his wife's body. At his wife's amazing body. Although he had completely fallen in love with her, Lance was well aware that her beauty and her body was what had drawn him to her. Jennifer had been stunning in her late teens, and was now even more beautiful in her late twenties. 

Despite the pregnancy she was still slim and lean, still had the body of a young woman in good shape. Her long legs flared into very nice hips, then narrowed for her waist, taut belly and shaven pussy. What? Shaven pussy? Lance's jaw dropped when he saw that his wife's pussy was now completely bald and he felt a surge of pleasure from between his own legs. So damned sexy!

But his eyes were quickly drawn upwards. Her milk-filled breasts were swollen generously while still riding very high on her chest. Before her pregnancy Jennifer had completely filled B cup bras, and once in a while found C cups that would fit nicely as well. Now... Damn! She was now overfilling most of her maternity D cup bras and Lance's heart had fluttered when, two months ago, she told him that she had bought one with an E cup. 

Right now those magnificent breasts were free from any bra and they moved with her every step, swinging around and bouncing as Jennifer danced. They were both completely covered with flour, and Lance knew that Jennifer never got this dirty while working here. He imagined her throwing flour around as she worked and, given the huge grin on her face, he thought that his hypothesis might well be true. 

Above those breasts was Jennifer's lovely face, also covered with flour. But the last thing that grabbed Lance's attention was her hair. Jennifer had a very long mane of black hair that flowed in thick, lazy waves all the way to the small of her back. Usually when she worked she would tie all those heavy locks into a tight bun. But this night she hadn't bothered and the bright white flour in her deep black strands was a sight to behold. 

Lance saw all that in a matter of seconds before Jennifer finally snapped out of her trance and saw him. The blindingly bright smile she gave him soothed his heart like he hadn't thought was possible. For a brief moment, he saw the radiant and sexy woman he had fallen in love with all these years ago. But when she saw his dumbstruck expression, she misinterpreted it and her smile crumbled. Looking down at herself, she said "Oh, I'm sorry... I did shave. I wanted to... I just needed to..."

"It's alright." was all he managed to reply. "I like it." 

He remained rooted the floor, but Lance dearly wanted to run to her, to grab her into his arms and kiss her until he could reignite the fire he has just witnessed. But after last night... He wanted to play it safe. Seeing her smile vanish like that was physically painful and he tried his best to hide it. She misread his expression again. "You don't like it..." she said, her voice suddenly much weaker. 

"No, it's not that." he said before taking a step towards her. "I do like it," he added, sad to see her take a small step backwards. 

When he saw her sighing, looking at the floor, Lance closed his eyes hard for a moment. "Jennifer. Please look at me." When she did, he added "You are gorgeous." He cleared his throat and said "It's just that after yesterday night, I don't know how to approach you anymore. I'm so sorry." His voice broke slightly as he finished. It wasn't much, but he just felt so sad. 

Clearly, Jennifer heard that small inflection and her expression changed. They looked at each other in silence for a long moment and Jennifer finally said "Why don't you stay around and work with me?"

"I will. My pleasure," he said, his voice still shaky. 

At first they worked in silence, then after a bit Jennifer asked him a safe question about his work. That small talk led to more interesting conversation as they worked. Jennifer bossed him around as she usually did in her workshop, and soon the tensions disappeared. Lance couldn't help staring at her huge breasts, filled as they were with milk. And, of course, he glanced at her shaven pussy as often as he could. Or, at least, as often as he dared: he was, after all, nude. 

A while later, as he was standing in front of her across the table, Lance saw Jennifer dropping a large dollop of chocolate icing on one of her nipples. Without thinking about it she used one of her fingers to scoop it off before sucking the icing into her mouth. Using her other hand to squeeze her breast until the nipple was more pointed, she scraped the icing repeatedly. Completely unawares of the effect this was having on him, Jennifer brought her finger to her mouth three more times until she was pretty much clean. 

When she looked up, she noticed his opened mouth and asked "What?"

"Nothing..." but by now Lance was blushing and knew his cock was growing in twitches. "Just thought that Ewan would have enjoyed that nipple..." he said with a bashful smile. 

Jennifer giggled at the thought. Then, after a moment of silence, she glanced at his cock and said "Not just Ewan, eh?"

Lance blushed even redder but was glad to see her smiling. Ten minutes later, his cock was now rock hard as he allowed himself to stare at her more openly. She didn't seem to mind, but she was aware of it. Lance wondered if she moved on purpose, making her breasts swing, making sure he could always see her shaven pussy instead of pressing herself against a table and even bending forward to let him see her ass. 

His cock was a silent third party in the garage, but Jennifer didn't seem to mind. Accidentally, Lance then dropped a large clump of whipped cream right onto it. Across the table, Jennifer gaped and said "Did you just do that on purpose?" 

"No! I swear it Jenn!" he replied hastily, trying to clean himself up. 

"Hahaha!" she was now laughing. "I don't believe you!"

"Well," Lance said "I still can't believe that you shaved your pussy!"

By then they were both laughing. "Do you really like it?" she asked. 

Jennifer stared at her husband and was puzzled by his silence. It was an easy question and he could have simply lied if he didn't. But Lance remained silent. Yet, after about five seconds, she saw his answer on his face. It was now her turn to open her eyes wider as she saw the lust in his eyes, in his partially opened mouth. If the chocolate nipple comment and the 'accidental' cream on his cock had awakened her arousal, her husband's obvious lust set it aflame! Her skin reddened under the flour and she turned her head slightly with a coy smile. "I'm glad you do..." 

His wolfish smile made her heart beat faster. The intensity of the pulse of sexual pleasure that shook her took her pretty much by surprise. For the past half hour, she had felt more at ease around Lance than in a long while before today, but seeing the raw lust pouring from him... Jennifer bit her lower lip. 

When Lance then turned around, she grabbed a spoon of the custard she had just finished and placed it on her other breast. She gasped at its coldness and Lance turned around when she did. In a fraction of a second, he seemed to understand that she had done it on purpose and asked "Need help cleaning this up?" It was all Jennifer could to nod. She didn't know why she was so excited this morning compared to last night. It was as if she wasn't afraid of his lust anymore. Instead, this morning it turned her on.

She was breathing hard as she arrived next to her, his erection so very close to her belly. She refrained from moaning when his fingers touched the skin of her breast and began removing the custard. He cleaned his fingers in his mouth and repeated the process a few times until it was mostly gone. By now both her nipples were fully engorged, rising far above the profile of her breast. And then, grabbing her waist with his two hands, he leaned forward and licked the rest of the custard off of her breast. This time she did moan and, a few seconds later, the married coupled stared into each other's eyes. 

Lance smiled and walked back to his side of the table. As soon as he did, before she could overthink this, Jennifer dipped her fingers in a bowl of maple icing and threw some of it on his chest. Lance's mouth opened in surprise, but she saw him smiling when she walked towards him and said "Oops... Guess I'll have to clean that up now..." Jennifer leaned forward and hungrily ate the icing and licked her husband's chest. Glad to see that there was a long trail leading down to his belly, Jennifer kneeled in front of him and kissed and licked her way down to his pubes. She was trembling with her own lust, knowing that his cock was so close to her face.
