 Background - My name is Kim (Kimberly) and I have been married to Pat for 12 years. He is 52, I am 41. I am 5' 9" tall, slim, fit, tight ass and have long blonde hair with 36D (enhanced breasts), yes, I have that Barbie doll look. Pat is 6' 3", salt and pepper hair, striking blue eyes, handsome, strong, barrel chested, with a thick 6 ½"cut cock and is a big teddy bar at heart.

Pat has been very successful in his business endeavors and loves to spoil me. We have had an open marriage from the start and it continues. I am an exhibitionist, I love to show off my body and Pat loves to show me off. We often travel to the Islands and Mexico to visit adult only, clothing optional resorts. I am very sexually adventurous and love to share and be shared with women, men and couples.

This installment of sharing our adventures with you is written by Pat.

I hope you enjoy!

*****

One of our favorite places to vacation is Cancun. We love to visit the clothing optional / adult only resorts. One of our favorite resorts is the Desire Pearl Resort. 

I thought it would be fun to share a story from a recent trip we took to Cancun. 

Kim loves to go to the beach, so we spend a lot of time at the beach when we go on vacation.

On one of the days of our recent vacation we headed to the clothing optional beach, even though it was a cloudy day. When we arrived at the beach, we found that no one else was there. "Well, what do you think?" I asked Kim. "I guess the clouds scared everyone else away. You want to stick it out, or try something else?"

"No, let's just stay here. It'll be nice to have some time to ourselves and just relax on the beach." She responded.

Despite the clouds, it was still very warm, so we laid a couple of towels down on the sand and lay out. At least an hour went by before anyone else showed up at the beach. The clouds still hadn't broken, but I guess there were a few more brave souls. Still, after a couple of hours there, there were only about 10 people scattered across the beach. As we lay there, I spotted an attractive woman and her husband, about 15 feet away from us. I was mesmerized by the woman. She had short, dark hair and a soft, round face. She was average height, with a nice, curvaceous figure. She wasn't too thin, but also not chubby. She had a nice, soft figure, with average sized breasts, and a great round ass, not sloppy, but also not too tight. She wasn't an amazing beauty, but I found myself incredibly attracted to her. I noticed Kim checking out the guy as well. I must admit, he was a handsome man. He was tall and thin, but well-built. Unlike me, he had chosen to wear a swimsuit. 

About an hour or so later, I noticed some activity over on their towels. The woman had climbed on top of him, and they were making out. The man had his hands on her ass, pulling her crotch up and down over his. I nudged Kim and nodded in their direction. Kim looked over, and then smiled back at me. Kim backed up into my arms, so her back was leaning against me as we watched the other couple. The woman now had her hand in his trunks as they kissed. She then moved down his body and removed them completely. Kim gasped as his cock sprang free. It was very large. It had to be at least 10". As the woman began to suck him off, we could see clearly that she couldn't even get half of it in her mouth. 

By now, my cock was rock hard, and pressing against Kim's ass, as I caressed her tits. She began pushing her ass back against me, rubbing my cock up and down. As the woman climbed up and mounted the man, Kim reached back with her left hand and began stroking me. I returned the favor and started rubbing her pussy. I was amazed at how wet she already was. I couldn't stop watching as the woman bounced up and down on the guy's huge cock. I guess she was used to the size, but I imagine it had to be stretching her pussy. Kim now had begun stroking me furiously.

"Put it in me baby!" She moaned. "I need to be fucked so badly!"

Who was I to argue with that? Kim got up on all fours, so she could watch the other couple. I positioned myself behind her. Without a hint of hesitation, I slammed into her. Fucking Kim from behind was perfect because watching the show was too important to miss. As I entered her from behind, the other couple began positioning themselves the same way. I guess they too were enjoying our show. The man positioned his wife so she was staring directly at us, as we were at them.

As I slammed in and out of Kim, I had only the other woman in mind. I was staring directly at her as her tits swayed with each of her man's thrusts. They had a head start on us, and I could see an orgasm building up in the woman's face. Sure enough, she led out a yelp as she climaxed over the huge cock in her pussy. The man wasn't far behind and he too voiced his pleasure as he unloaded in his wife. Their orgasms set off a chain reaction as Kim began spasming around my cock, letting out a yell of her own. Feeling her pussy quivering over me brought me to the brink, and I let loose deep inside her. By the time we had cleaned up and settled back in, we looked over to see the other couple was gone. We lay in each other's arms for another hour or so, and then headed back to the room. 

After our adventure on the beach we headed back to our room to take a nap and get ready for dinner. After our nap, we dressed and headed down to one of the resort restaurants, it must have been a slow night for them as it was almost empty. We decided to eat there anyway, it would be quiet, and we could talk and maybe fool around a bit. 

As we sat and began to talk, we were greeted by our waitress. She introduced herself as Paige and asked if we'd like a drink. I chose my usual scotch and soda and Kim went for a Long Island Iced tea. When Paige returned with our drinks, she started chatting with us. It turned out that she had started working here only a month or so ago, and she absolutely loved it here. We told her that this was one of our favorite vacation spots and that we visit often, which lit up her eyes. She took our dinner order, and then sat down at the table with us. She was very charming, not to mention very attractive. She was almost the exact opposite of Kim. She was very petite, probably not much more than 5' tall. She was very lean and had what looked to be very small breasts. 

After delivering our dinner, Paige disappeared to let us eat. After we finished, she returned to offer us dessert. We were both full from dinner, so we instead ordered another round of drinks. By the time Paige arrived with the drinks, the restaurant was empty other than us, and a few waiters and waitresses milling around. Again, Paige sat down with us and chatted. She was very friendly, and I found myself imagining all the things I'd like to do to her. Kim also seemed to be enjoying her company. I really was into this girl, so I figured I'd test the waters.

"So, do they have any rules against hanging out with the guests?" I inquired.

"No, not at all; we're free to do anything or anyone we'd like." She responded, enthusiastically.

"Well then why don't you join us in our room when you're done work tonight?" Kim chimed in.

Much to our delight, Paige was all for it. "Actually, since we're so slow tonight, I can head out now if I want. In fact, I'll be right back." She told us.

A couple minutes later Paige arrived with the bill. We gave her our room number; she put it into the computer; then came back to us. "Are you guys ready?" she asked.

Kim and I got up from the table and headed out with our new friend. I got between the two of them and each offered a hand as we walked towards our room. As we headed up the stairs, I let the two of them go first. As they ascended the stairs, I had a great view of both their asses. Kim of course had a short dress on which allowed me to see that she hadn't bothered to wear panties this evening. Paige had on tight black pants, which showed the outline of her panties.

I unlocked the door to our room and followed the two beauties inside. Paige excused herself to the bathroom. While she was in there, Kim and I started making out. We didn't even hear Paige come out of the bathroom, until she joined us on the bed. As she climbed up towards us, I took hold of her hand and pulled her down on top of me. As we kissed, my hands trailed down onto her ass, caressing it through the flimsy material of her pants. As I groped her ass, she was grinding her crotch over mine. I looked over to see Kim peeling her dress up over her head, her tits popping free. 

Paige must have sensed me looking away, because she pulled her lips from mine to look over towards Kim. By then, Kim had begun rubbing her pussy. Paige climbed off of me and lay next to Kim. She placed her hand behind Kim's head, pulling her lips towards hers. They kissed deeply and passionately, their tongues intertwined immediately. As they kissed, Paige's hands roamed all over Kim's naked body. Kim's hands were also roaming, and she soon was removing her new friend's white blouse. Paige also wore no bra and her small tits were exposed. She was almost totally flat and had tiny little nipples to match. Kim's hands roamed over her breasts and soon found her ass. As she rubbed her way around Paige's ass, she slowly inched her pants down lower and lower. Paige broke their kiss so she could pull them off totally. Unlike Kim, Paige was wearing panties. They were black, lacy bikini panties. 

Now, out of her pants, Paige lifted her head up towards Kim's breasts. As she needed one with her hands, she sucked the nipple on the other, then vice versa. All the while Kim was moaning and encouraging her friend. Slowly, but surely, Paige made her way down over Kim's stomach towards her mound. Paige licked and kissed all around Kim's belly, lower and lower, when she reached her destination, Kim squealed with delight. 

In the meantime, I had stripped completely and begun masturbating slowly, enjoying the show. 

As Paige ate Kim, I could see her face was covered with a mixture of her own saliva and Kim's juices. Kim loved every second of it, moaning and groaning loudly while writhing beneath Paige's mouth. Paige had inserted two fingers into Kim's pussy while lapping at her lips, and rubbing her clit with her thumb. With a loud scream, Kim climaxed beneath Paige, bathing her lips with her juices. Paige licked Kim's pussy clean, savoring all of her juice before collapsing on the bed, between Kim and me. 

I leaned over and kissed her, tasting Kim's juices on her lips and tongue. As we kissed, I felt her hand on my dick. I was sitting up on the bed against the headboard. After a few tugs, Paige pulled her lips from mine. Knowing what was coming next; I closed my eyes and waited with anticipation. Sure enough, I soon felt my dick surrounded by Paige's warm, soft mouth. It was so hot and felt so great around me. I opened my eyes to see her lying flat, her head in my crotch. It turned out that Kim was beneath her, her head buried in Paige's mound. Instead of removing Paige's panties, Kim had simply pushed them aside as she devoured her pussy. As Paige sucked up and down, I could feel that familiar sensation, deep inside me. I grabbed the back of her head and started pushing it down on me, faster and faster, faster and faster, feeling myself getting closer and closer, until finally I blasted my load into the back of her mouth and down her throat. She licked me clean, and then rolled off me onto the bed. 

Kim followed her, her head still buried between her legs. Finally, Kim pulled away long enough to remove her friend's panties, giving me a clear view of her bald pussy. Paige looked so young with her tiny tits and bald pussy. I never would've known her age, had she not told us earlier that she had just turned 22. Kim continued eating Paige as she reached up towards the nightstand. Kim opened the top drawer and removed a large dildo. Paige was completely oblivious. Kim placed it a fraction of an inch from her pussy, pulled her head from Paige's crotch, and then shoved it in. Paige exploded in a scream as the dildo penetrated her. She looked down to see what had just entered her. Kim was now kissing her breasts and belly as she fucked her with the dildo. As Kim leaned in and kissed Paige on the lips, Paige started moaning loudly and thrusting up into the dildo. Kim started pushing the dildo in harder and harder, faster and faster. Paige's hips were bucking wildly into the tool, then opened her mouth and moaned loudly, her ass falling back down onto the bed, her face completely flushed and laid motionless, her body glistening with sweat. Kim removed the dildo, and then put it in my mouth, so I could savor the taste of Paige's pussy. I licked it clean, tasting each drop.

The three of us lay there completely spent, the scent of sex permeating through the air. We lay there saying nothing before falling nodding off, Kim and I sandwiching Paige.