 For Todd 

* * * * *

The freshly waxed pews smelled of lemony polish, the sounds of my feet were muted by the thick mulberry colored carpeting, the lights were dimmed. I hurried down the aisle, feeling like a sinner on my way to hell, not a churchgoer on her way to the pulpit. I was incredibly conscious of the fact that I wasn't wearing any panties, like some Jezebel on her way to a paying customer.

He was standing at the altar, his tie loosened, shirt sleeves rolled up. He had been reading something, now he was just watching me approach silently. His expression, visible in the bright lights surrounding the altar, was inscrutable, I couldn't tell what he was thinking. I stopped at the foot of the steps leading upward into the lighted pulpit. My fingers twisted nervously on the hymnal.

"Hello," he said, his voice a shadow of the strong orator's tones that had rung through the sanctuary only a few hours prior.

"Hello," I replied, my voice nearly inaudible.

"We don't have to do this. I'll understand, I won't be mad."

"Do you want to?"

"Yes, very much." He smiled uncertainly. "But not if it's going to bother you."

"I w-want to." I dropped the hymnal. Ninny, I cursed myself, bending to pick it up. He came down the stairs and placed his hands on my shoulders. Unholy fire raced from his hands to the pit of my belly, his touch, so alien and so familiar. He touched me all the time, mostly on the hands, swift impersonal touches. This was the second time he'd touched me in a personal way.

I licked my lips, remembering when he had, a few months ago after choir practice. The choir had left and I'd been playing Beethoven before heading home, the full ebullient sound of the Pastorale Symphony filled the sanctuary with its gentle melody. He was standing a few feet away, a twist of my head and I was eye level with his belt. My eyes had automatically locked on the placket of his trousers and the bulge that was forming behind it. The Beethoven's 6th symphony had slipped a few notes before returning again, this time deeper and richer. I had continued to stare, suddenly and physically aware of the preacher as a man. Goosebumps had broken across my arms and I had lifted my eyes to his. He'd approached silently, moving around behind me. My eyes had returned to my fingers, not seeing them, just feeling the heat of him.

I'd flinched, I remember, when his hands had dropped onto my shoulders; then leaned back against him. He'd whispered to keep playing, so I had, ignoring my fingers on the keys and feeling his instead. They'd crept illicitly down my upper arms, pausing just above my elbow. Hesitantly, as if he'd thought I would bolt, his left hand slipped inward, gently cupping the swell of my breast. We'd both groaned, my nipple hardening insistently against his palm. The heat of that remembered touch still echoed through my mind.

"You don't have to. We shouldn't," he reiterated gently.

"I want to, we will." I took a deep breath. "I want you."

"Take off your dress," he whispered, his hot breath stirring the hair near my ear. My nipples puckered painfully at the thought. Naked in the sanctuary. I dropped the hymnal again. My fingers went up to the buttons on the top of my dress and began to slowly undo them.

I managed to undo the top five buttons, opening my dress to the waist, when he stopped me. He slipped his hands between the lapels of the dress and unhooked the front clasp of my bra. Gently, almost reverently, he spread the cups open, baring my breasts to his gaze. The chill of the sanctuary washed over my skin, puckering the nipples up in an offering to his mouth. He licked his lips, looking as if he wanted to suck on them, but instead, he took my hand and tugged me to the piano. Confused, I sat on the bench.

"Play for me," he asked, puppyishly hopeful. My fingers went to the keys and Beethoven's Symphony #6 filled the sanctuary. He gently tugged my dress from under my rear, until my naked fanny was resting on the velvet cushion. It was the oddest sensation, I'd sat there many times, but my bare skin had never touched the cushion.

"I've dreamed of doing this to you," he murmured, squatting next to me. Beethoven faltered. "Spread your legs for me."

That was the dirtiest thing I'd ever heard him say. My legs spread almost on their own, even though Beethoven required me to use the foot pedals, and he crawled in between them. I'd dreamt of this moment, our first kiss. In my dreams it had been many things, hot, torrid, a long protracted dueling of tongues accompanied by shadowy writhing bodies. I had never dreamed that the first lips to receive his kiss would be the ones between my legs. Beethoven crashed to a discordant halt. My fingers slipped from the keys to his head in a jangle of jarring notes that felt just like I did.

He stopped, his eyes lifting along the length of my body. I could see them and a part of his nose, the rest was hidden by the curve of my body and my pussy. "Keep playing." His moving lips and the vibration of his rich voice sent chords of heat through my labia. My fingers returned to the piano keys and played something. His tongue stabbed into my pussy; my head dropped back and I groaned.

The picture of what we must look like from a distance intruded hotly. A fresh rush of wet cream hit his tongue. He moaned and laved the inside of my pussy more urgently. Sitting on the bench to the piano, my legs widespread, the skirt of my prim and proper dress hiked up, the lapels of the dress held open by my naked breasts, and my friend and pastor sucking at my cunt on his knees between my legs, I played Beethoven in church.

"Oh my, I'm going to..." I moaned, twisting my hips to bring my pussy more fully against his mouth. The inner muscles were throbbing hotly, flexing convulsively against his tongue. He put one hand on the top of my pussy and did something with his fingers that made my clit pop out of its hiding place into the chilly air. He dragged his tongue through my wet lips and swirled it around my exposed clit. I squeaked, desperately trying to continue with the Pastorale Symphony.

One of his fingers on his free hand slipped between my legs, tracing a long line on my quivering thigh from knee to pussy, then slid inside. Not too far, just far enough to softly stroke the clenching muscles at the opening to my body. I leaned back farther, spreading my legs wider to give him better access to whatever he wanted. He slipped another finger in there and just petted my cunt. His lips wrapped around my clit, his teeth gently scraping it, holding it steady for a fast laving with the tip of his tongue.

Suddenly, I needed to be penetrated, to have him deep inside me, to be fucked. His stroking fingers and licking tongue were driving me insane. I had never been more intensely aware of how empty my pussy was. My fingers curled in his hair, my hips humped my pussy up at his mouth and fingers, and I begged him to please, please fuck me. I could hear him chuckling deep in his throat, I could feel the vibration against my clit. "Please, fuck me, please I need to cum. Please!"

He slipped the very tip of one finger inside of my cunt, just the tip. My pussy wrapped itself around it wetly, gleefully sucking on that little penetration. With a long lick on my clit he lifted his head. "You want me to fuck you?"

That word coming from his lips sent a shiver of delight down my spine. "Yes, please."

He licked my clit again, slowly twisting the tip of his finger inside of my pussy. "Please?"

"Yes! Please fuck me now, I have to cum." I twisted my hips, trying to get him to stick his finger in deeper, I was burning, my pussy hot an throbbing, my nipples hard and tight. "I'll do anything, just fuck me!"

He dropped his head again, his tongue wrapping around my clit before his lips closed around it, so he could suck. I cried out, the slutty sound echoed through the sanctuary. He slipped the tip of a second finger past the tight ring of muscle in my pussy, then slid both of them deep inside. "Oh fuck yes." I hissed, lifting my hips to meet the stroke. He sawed them in and out of my pussy, matching the wriggling of his tongue on my clit. I panted and whimpered. My orgasm broke over me in a crescendo of pounding blood, throbbing cunt, and lewd cries totally at odds with my prim demeanor. Between my legs, fingers from both his hands slipped inside and opened my pussy wide, his tongue lapped wildly at my cumming pussy.

Eventually my orgasm subsided, leaving a luxurious lassitude behind. I combed my fingers gently through his hair, enjoying the soft kisses he was pressing to my thighs and sex. He looked up, his face glistening wet in the light, wet from me. I smiled at him.

"My office," he said huskily. "I want to make you do that again."

I had never been so aware of my state of nakedness before, walking down the hallways with my breasts bared. He walked beside me, watching the sway of my breasts as I moved. My nipples hardened, enjoying the attention. He traced the curve of a breast with a finger. "You're so beautiful. I can't wait to fuck you."

I shivered, partly from the mental image of him fucking me, partly from the touch of his finger on my bared chest, partly from the word, fuck. It was dirty enough to hear it in context, but from him, it was downright arousing. What was so hot about sex with him? The fact that it defied several of God's laws or because he was sexier than sin? His finger slipped over the hardened nub of one of my nipples, then dropped to the cold knob of his office door. Forbidden, he was a forbidden man, a man of the cloth who wasn't my husband. I licked my lips and met his eyes before stepping into his office. His answering smile was as heavily laden with naked sexual hunger as my dripping pussy was.

His desk looked like it always had, a deep mahogany piece scattered with assorted papers and books. He took my hand and tugged me around behind his desk. I pressed my rump to the edge of the desk, the corner bit into my flesh through the skin, grounding me more firmly in reality. He unzipped his pants and sprawled back in his chair, his intense eyes roving my body.

The slut in me took over, I reached down and grabbed the hem of my dress, dangling my breasts in his face. Slowly straightening again, I dragged the hem higher along the length of my legs. Standing tall again, the hem draped just perfectly to hid my naked pussy from him. He growled deep in his throat and dragged his cock out of his pants. I sucked in my breath, suddenly finding it hot and almost impossible to breathe. "Holy fuck," I whispered.

He squeezed it, then rolled his hand along the incredible length of it, squeezing a pearly drop of seminal fluid from the tip. The preacher had a monster cock. Impulsively, I bent over and rubbed my closed lips back and forth over the head. He moaned, leaking more sperm. I delicately tasted the oozing slit with the tip of my tongue and then stood again. His eyes narrowed on my lips, where I slowly licked the traces of his cum. I closed my eyes and savored the taste. "Holy fuck," he echoed.

"Oh God you taste good Pastor." I swiped a finger over the tip of his cock, then popped it into my mouth, sucking off the cum. "I'm going to suck your cock. I want to swallow your cum."

"Oh God," he moaned. "Take your clothes off first. I want to see your body."

I picked up my dress again, this time wiggling seductively from side to side while I lifted and pulled it up. I dropped the dress on the floor by his chair, then shrugged out of my opened bra. I stood before him, tall and proud, wearing only a pair of white thigh high hose and my more sedate looking white pumps. He slowly jerked on his cock and touched me with his eyes. His cock seemed to grow a little longer, throbbing visibly in his fist.

I couldn't stand it anymore, I dropped to my knees between his legs and wrapped my lips around the head. My tongue roved over the smooth flesh lazily, tasting and touching. His fingers sank into my hair, combing and petting through it. I opened my mouth as wide as I could and swallowed the top few inches of his dick. I wrapped my hand around the base and stroked it, working my fingers in a rhythm with my mouth. In my head I heard Beethoven's Pastorale. I looked up at him, meeting his half lidded eyes.

I pulled my mouth off, just pressing my lips to the steadily leaking tip and jerking him off with both hands. "I want you to remember this Pastor," I murmured, moving my lips through the cum. "I want you to remember me on my knees between your legs, my lips on your cock, every time you look at me. Every time you see me playing the piano during services remember what it felt like to have me suck your cum down."

"You want me to cum in your mouth?" His voice was shaky.

"Oh yes," I moaned.

"Suck on the head." He ordered softly. His hands replaced mine. I sucked and licked on the head of his cock while he jacked himself off. Fascinated, I watched his fist flying along the thick, veiny length of his shaft. The warm leak of cum turned into a steady dribble, after a moment his hips jerked and twitched, forcing his cock deeper into my mouth. "I'm gonna cum," he grunted.

Every muscle seemed to tense, holding him in a taut arch. He panted, cursing almost incoherently, then the first heavy spurt of his semen hit the back of my throat. I swallowed it reflexively, almost choking as the next one exploded in my mouth. I pulled my head back a little, keeping my lips wrapped around the head, and swallowed each copious spurt of cum that flowed across my tongue. It was still too much, it flooded my mouth, spilled past my tightly sealed lips and dribbled down my chin. Finally the flow ebbed, then ceased altogether. I sat back on my heels and used my fingers to scoop up the dribbles of cum and put them into my mouth.

"Well?" He asked hoarsely.

"You're delicious Pastor, I love the taste of your cum." It made me hot just to use the words Pastor and cum in the same breath.

I felt the slight touch of disappointment as his penis slowly shriveled in his hand. Even soft it was larger than the average erect penis, but it was still soft. He slipped a finger under my chin and pried my head up. I met his gently smiling gaze. "I'm not done yet. Turn over and bend over my desk, a little pussy is just the thing to wake it back up. I'm going to fuck you, slam every inch of my cock deep into that little pussy of yours."

My mouth formed a perfect "o" of surprise. A moment later I was draped over his desk, my ass sticking in the air and my feet not reaching the floor. His fingers slipped across the wet surface of my pussy. Moments later it was his tongue. I slipped one knee onto the desk, but it wasn't enough. I wanted to open my cunt fully to him, give him as much access to it as possible. I put the other knee up on his desk, it landed on a piece of paper. The slick paper slid along the length of the desk until my legs were widespread. He jerked the paper out from underneath me, then I heard the squeak of his chair moving. Arching my back, I moaned when his fingers slipped inside my gaping pussy.

He pried my pussy open as wide as it would go, almost painfully, then inserted his tongue and licked. I groaned again, feeling myself starting to drip. He licked at my clit and then at the back of my slit. His fingers pulled at the lips, then one of them settled on my clit, flicking it. I groaned. His fingers played my pussy like my fingers played the piano, creating a fire deep in my loins. His breath washed hotly against the full length of my slit. I nearly came, thinking about him masturbating my vulnerable cunt mere inches from his eyes. "You're dripping pussy juice on my desk," he informed me. Then his tongue swiped along one of my lips. His chair squeaked again and I heard the muted clunk of change, his pants had hit the floor. "Here comes my cock, are you ready?"

"Yesssss," I hissed, wiggling my ass to entice him. "Fuck me now!"

He pressed the head to my steaming pussy, then rubbed it downwards, gliding the full length of it along my clit. I groaned and looked between my dangling breasts. The tip was an angry red, dripping again, prodding at my belly. "Tell me if it hurts you."

"Okay, just fuck me." I leaned on one arm so I could reach between my legs. His cock evaded my fingers, pulling back between my legs to press at the opening of my cunt. I touched my clit again, then slid a finger back to touch his cock. I couldn't believe how wet I was, I'd never been that wet before.

"That's it baby, finger yourself. Rub your pretty little clitty, make your pussy feel good while I fuck you," he said, slowly pressing inwards. I groaned at the evocative words and did as he said. I squealed, my fingers and the incredibly wide hot length of his invading shaft were driving me towards orgasm. "You know how sexy you are with your ass in the air and my cock in your pussy? I love the way your pussy lips look wrapped around my cock."

"Ohhhhhhh..." I moaned, the image taking hold of my mind.

"Here comes some more of my cock baby, nice and easy. You're pussy is so wet, I love the way your pussy kisses my cock. Are you cumming? You're throbbing."

"No," I moaned. "Not yet."

"I like to talk dirty, does it bother you?"

"No, keep talking, it makes me hot." It wasn't dirty, not like the talk I was used to. His words were meant to arouse, not to make me feel like a cheap slut.

"About a quarter of my cock is in your pussy. Push your ass up, make your pussy swallow more of me. Mmm, that's nice. Now pull forward, I want to watch your pussy lips rub against my cock and see your juices." I shut my eyes at his words and pulled forward slowly, feeling the extra wide part of his head dragging along the narrow passage inside of me. His hands clamped firmly on my hips. "Hold still baby."

My finger paused on my clit and held myself still, waiting. A moment later he surged forward, thrusting into me with a long, powerful stroke. I howled, half in pleasure, half in pain, as his cock embedded itself deep within, stretching my pussy almost painfully. It felt like he was shoving a baseball bat into my cunt. "Rub your clit. That's it, play with your clit baby. I'm almost all the way inside. Play with your clit while I fuck my cock the rest of the way in. Slow and easy. I'm going to rock back and forth until my cock is all the way in your cunt. Concentrate on my cock, think about it, feel me fuck you."

As if I could feel anything else. My fingers remained frozen on my clit while he did just what he said, slowly rocking with gentle twitches of his hips. I finally felt that little pop, the little relief of pressure that told me my pussy lips were wrapped around the very base of his cock. I moaned, squirming under him. I had never been filled with that much cock before, been spread that wide open. My fingers jerked on my clit and I squeaked at the feeling.

"Are you going to cum?"

"Yes."

"I want to feel it. I'm going to hold still, you just make yourself cum on my cock. Show me what your orgasms feel like." His fingers clenched my hips, but his cock remained rock firm deep in my cunt. I could only groan. "Give me your orgasm. Cum for me baby. Please cum for me."

I started panting, my fingers moving over my clit, my hips jerking just enough to give his cock a slight amount of friction throughout my pussy. My pants mingled with soft cries, whorish little sounds that made me feel like a purely sexual woman. He groaned and licked me between my shoulder blades. I didn't know my back was that sensitive. My pussy clenched his cock, squeezing it with the power of the orgasm that was building up. "That's it, fucking cum for me. Cum all over my cock," he growled.

I howled and came hard. I could feel my pussy throbbing, milking his cock with each wave of my orgasm. "Oh fuck, oh fuck, ooooooh fuck," I groaned. "Your cock feels so good in my pussy."
