 I arrived home later that night after an afternoon full of meetings. I still could not get Suzie out of my head. I sneaked off during a break in my first meeting to find the bathroom and jerk off. That helped for a little while, but I could smell her scent in my goatee.

As I pulled into the driveway of my home, I began replaying the whole scene in my head and I was hard as a rock again by the time I shut off the car in the garage. I seriously contemplated pulling out my cock right there in the car and masturbating again but I knew that my wife had probably seen me pull in and would soon be wondering what was taking me so long.

I tried to hide the bulge a little as I opened the door, climbed out, grabbed my briefcase from the passenger seat, and headed inside the house. The door in the garage takes you straight into the kitchen at my house and that's where my wife was, preparing dinner for us. I attempted to cover my crotch a little with my briefcase, walked near to her, and gave her a hug and a peck on the lips.

"How was your day?" she asked.

"Pretty good," I responded, trying not to make too much eye contact so as to not give myself away. "I was in meetings all afternoon though, so I'm pretty tired."

I walked through the kitchen into the hallway and down to my den. I put my briefcase down in there and then headed back into the hall and over to the master bedroom. I sat on the bed and removed my shoes, tossing them into the bottom of the closet. Then I removed my tie, unbuttoned my shirt, and pulled it off. I got up, tossed the shirt in the hamper, and hung the tie back on my tie rack. I grabbed at my belt, loosened it, pulled it off, and hung it up on the tie rack as well. I took all the stuff out of my pockets and tossed it on the night stand next to the bed. Then I unzipped my pants and let them fall to the floor. I stood there for a second, not moving. I was picturing Suzie standing in front of me helping me to remove my boxers. As these thoughts went through my head, my cock began to enlarge again and pretty soon it began peeking out the leg hole of my boxers.

"Wow! Someone's a little horny today." I returned to reality to see my wife standing in the doorway looking intently at my engorged penis, sticking out proudly from my shorts. "Was your meeting at a strip club or something?" she joked.

I smiled at her and shook my head.

"You want some help with that?" she asked as she grabbed the waist band on my boxers and pulled them down to the floor.

"What did you have in mind?" I asked coyly.

She smirked and pulled her shirt off over her head, tossing it to the floor.

Emily is a beautiful woman. She is about five foot nine inches tall with a slender figure and soft, smooth skin. Her breasts, which were now out of her bra as she removed it and tossed it on the floor, are beautifully round and two good handfuls of flesh. Her nipples are cute and on this occasion were sticking out in full salute. It had been several days since I had seen her naked because I had been working a lot, but as I perused her figure as she stood before me now, I found myself growing even hornier than I had been all day. That was saying a lot considering my day.

She had long legs that were usually nice and smooth, unless she was too busy that week to shave. That was not a problem on this particular week. As she slid her slacks down her legs followed by her red lace thong, I could see that she had not only shaved her legs, but everything from the waist down. Her freshly shorn pussy lips were clearly moist and puffed up with excitement. I wanted to taste them just as I had done to Suzie earlier in the day, but my wife had other ideas.

She grabbed me by the shoulders and threw me down on the bed. Then she climbed on top of me and straddled my stomach. She reached behind her and fondled my balls with her fingers. This was very unlike Emily. She is normally very reserved in bed and had never taken control like this before. She also rarely wants to be on top. My queries into the matter stopped quickly as the enjoyment of her smooth, wet cunt enveloping my manhood overtook me.

Emily wasted no time and began to bounce up and down on my throbbing cock. I could feel her tensing and relaxing the muscles in her vagina as I went in and out of her. I reached up and started fondling her breasts. She put her hands on mine and started making me squeeze them even harder.

Despite how strange and out-of-character this was for my wife, the whole experience had me really turned on. I knew I was close to cumming. She knew it too and returned her hand to my balls, which she knew I loved. She began to moan as she moved up and down. Then quickly her moans turned to screams and her whole body tensed up. She continued to move up and down on me though and her hand continued to massage my scrotum. As her orgasm overtook her, I felt mine coming too. My body tensed and soon I was spraying shot after shot of hot cum deep inside her sexy crevice. She continued to fuck me till I was drained completely and then she collapsed on top of me.

Our naked bodies melded together and I soon found myself drifting off to sleep. When I awoke, my wife was gone, I was still naked, and the phone was ringing.