 As she walked through the apartment complex, she continued to think about that first time... He had removed her shorts, he had tossed them aside, and then looking down at her, his eyes traveled up her legs, past her thin panties, across her stomach, past her breasts, still encased in the top of her bikini, and up to her face.. she watched him as he smiled and looked into her eyes... that look of love, lust, passion. He leaned down and wrapped her in his arms.. kissing her, using his lips to pull her lower lip, to nibble on it, she was feeling so much heat in her stomach, in her groin, she new she was very wet. He kissed his way down to her chest, he untied the top of her bikini, and as he pulled it away, he started licking and nibbling her chest, her breasts, from one to the other. Pat raised her hands to the back of his head, running her fingers through his hair. She tried to direct his mouth to her nipples, but he kept going from one breast to the other and avoided all contact with the nipples. 

As he kissed his way down her belly, he licked and nibbled her belly button, then downwards, kissing her abdomen, licking a wet trail down through her trimmed but thick pubic patch, as he did this he was pulling her panties downwards, she lifted herself, and he pulled them off. After pulling them off her feet, he started kissing and licking her feet, then her right ankle, and her right calf, upwards licking and kissing her knee, her thigh, and her inner leg, then moving to her left leg... again starting at the foot and moving upwards. Pat was twisting her nipples, she was so excited... 

As she realized that she had almost walked past his front door, her reminiscing stopped, she turned and walked to the door of his apartment. At this point Pat stood still, tried to calm her breathing and collect herself. She was getting so excited just thinking about that first time, and what had transpired, that she knew if she didn't calm herself down, she would be attacking him as soon as the door closed. She reached for the knob, and found the door locked, she knocked... after a few moments, and getting no answer, she pulled the extra key to his apartment from her purse, and unlocked the door and went in.

Pat walked into the apartment, she called out to him, and got no answer. She looked around, found that he wasn't there, and when she got to the kitchen, she found a note telling her that he would be home shortly, as he had run to the store for some things for dinner. Pat decided to just sit in the recliner and relax, after the long day at work, and her little bit of reminiscing, she needed to just sit and compose herself. Pat sat back, and started to think about why, while walking to his apartment, did she think about that first time, what was it about that day that was so different, so exciting, that while walking, she almost relived that afternoon. As she sat there, more of what transpired came back to her...

He had been licking and kissing her legs, moving from the foot upwards. While he was doing that, Pat had been playing with her nipples, the only spot on her upper body that he had completely ignored earlier. And as she pulled, twisted, and flicked her nipples, he was getting closer to her pussy. Still not yet touching her there, still not placing his hands on her, but kissing and licking and nipping at her thighs, and all around her pussy.. she never felt this hot, this wet.. she could feel her wetness between her legs, could feel the sheet beneath her getting soaked with her juices. She was so very close, oh so close... She felt that if he were to touch her, or even gently blow on her lips, she would cum, she new he was teasing her, she knew she was about to cum.. 

And suddenly, she felt his breath, it was warm and moist, it was right above her clit, she raised her hips, and connected with his mouth, and she started to orgasm, it hit her like a ton of bricks. She raised up more, and felt his tongue, it flicked out over her clit, it snaked down into the valley between her lips, it snaked in-between those puffy, blood engorged lips to find and seek out the wetness, to lick up her wetness, so he could swallow her juices. His tongue licked up and down, deeper and deeper, then back out and around her clit. He kept licking, and then sucking on her clit, then more licking in her furrow. He was drinking up every bit of moisture he could find, and every time he pulled his tongue out of her, he would flick her clit. Pat was cumming, and again and again... it didn't stop, she was panting and spinning, her mind awash with pleasure, and she couldn't stop cumming.. it felt like she was about to pass out, and suddenly, his finger entered her, and one final orgasm washed over her and she passed out..

Pat realized that she was sitting there in the recliner, her hand drenched with her wetness, her panties stretched over her hand and her jeans wide open, she was sitting there masturbating, thinking about that afternoon. As she opened her eyes, she saw him standing there in front of her, a smile on his face, the look of lust in his eyes, and she could feel the blood rush to her face in embarrassment.. Here she was a 48 year old woman, fully dressed, her hand down the front of her pants, and masturbating in someone else's apartment, and now here he was standing there, having watched her, and obviously enjoyed watching her pleasure herself.

She pulled her hand out of her panties, and he leaned over, and took it by the wrist, and licked every bit of her wetness from the fingers. Smiling at her, he leaned further over her, and kissed her, using his tongue in her mouth, she could taste what she felt was her own juice on his tongue, and she was getting wetter just thinking about it. He pulled away, and walked to the kitchen, telling her that it would be about 30 minutes till dinner was ready, and that if she wanted, she could go take a shower or a bath before eating. Pat got up, pulled up her pants, and walked to the bathroom. She didn't know if she was embarrassed, or just overcome with guilt. He had caught her playing with herself, and besides licking her fingers, and kissing her, he didn't say a thing about what he had seen or what she had been doing.

She turned on the water to take a hot bath, adjusted the water temperature. She went to the hall cupboard and got a towel, and returned to the bathroom. She got undressed, and turned around to the mirror. She looked at herself, she was 48, had a nice figure, her breasts were not sagging, but they were full. Pat placed her hands up under her tits, holding them just slightly up, as if weighing them, they were full, they were round, and the nipples were still hard and pointing outwards. Nothing wrong here she thought. Smiling at her reflected image, she ran her hands down her sides, past her sloping belly, past the swell of her rounded hips, down to her thighs, feeling smooth and silky legs, then moving to the front of her thighs, and then slowly up to her pubic mound, running her fingers lightly through the thick matted hair. 

She decided to trim it down, not to shave it, but to thin it so that her lips could be seen, so that if someone were to look at her as she stood there naked, they would see the sight that she now saw. The slightly reddish and puffy lips, the glistening of moisture on the lips, the memory of what had recently happened playing in the back of her mind. And as it came to her consciousness, her fingers slowly moved to those lips, to spread them, to gently stroke them, pulling them apart, and then running her fingers in-between the lips, gently up and down along the furrow of her pussy, slowly sliding inwards with no friction due to the wetness of her juices.

To be continued...