 As their passion subsided and they were able to catch their breath, they noticed that Pat's boyfriend was standing there, watching them, with a smile on his face. And as they looked down, noticing that he had a hard on inside his pants. Pat and Sharron were both aware that it was from watching them make love that had excited them. But they were not aware that in his mind, part of the excitement was from helping Pat to fulfill another part of her fantasy. And he knew that even more was to follow. He smiled at them both, and suggested that they each take a shower, but that they were not to do so together. He told them that he had more plans for the rest of the evening and night, and that they needed to be freshly bathed and relaxed for the next part of the evening.

As they decided that Pat would shower after Sharron, Sharron went to the bathroom and took her shower, Pat lay there on the bed, relaxing and thinking about the past few hours. Smiling at the thoughts of what had happened, she thanked her boyfriend, and told him how happy she was at that moment. He told her that she was still going to have more fun, and that she would really like what he had planned for the rest of the evening. After Sharron got out of the shower, he had her get dressed in the outfit that she had been wearing when she first got there. She put on her T-shirt, and her panties, and then her blue jeans. And then went to the living room. Pat got up from the bed, went to the bathroom and got in the shower. When she came out, she put on a T-shirt and jean shorts that she had there in her boyfriend's bedroom. She then went and brushed her hair in the bathroom. As she entered the living room, she saw Sharron seated at the dining room table and smile at her. Pat walked to the table and took a seat across from Sharron. Pat's boyfriend then brought plates out from the kitchen with sandwiches for them all along with cold glasses of Iced tea. They all three ate and drank in silence, only the soft music from the radio in the background could be heard in the dining area.

After they finished eating, Pat's boyfriend took Pat to the bedroom, he had her undress, and then had her stretch out on the bed. He then gently tied her wrists together with a small silk scarf, and attached it to a rope that had been previously tied to the two sides of the headboard and had been hidden by the pillows at the head of the bed. After seeing that she was secured at the top of the bed, he called to Sharron, and had her come into he room. He told her to move to the far side of the room, and to stay there and only watch. He then proceeded to lay next to Pat, and kissed her. Running his hands down over her hips and thighs, he kissed her, and drew his tongue across her lips and then across her chin and neck, Pat was laying there, not believing that he had tied her hands together. He continued to lick and nibble at her chin and neck. Slowly moving to her breasts. Using one hand to hold her no bound hands above her head, his other hand caressing her hips and thighs. He licked and nipped at her breasts, dragging his tongue around the nipples, and then across the valley between them. Doing the same to the other nipple, then back to the first one. His hand moving across her belly to gently stroke her belly, and then up to cup and mold itself around her right breast, then to caress the breast, then to move gently to the other one.

He looked up to see that Sharron was still just standing there, doing nothing but watching. She was told again, to just stand there and not to touch herself nor to do anything but watch. Even as he looked at Sharron, he never stopped caressing Pat, stroking her breasts, rubbing her belly, moving his hand from breast to belly to stomach, never moving further down than her abdomen, then slowly moving upwards again. Side to side, moving slowly to caress each and every portion of her upper body. As he leaned over to her and kissed her lips, hi brought his free hand up to her chin and lifted it so that she could only look up to the ceiling. He pulled from the headboard a silk blindfold and placed it over her eyes, stretching the elastic headband over her head, and gently making sure that it was placed properly over her eyes so that she couldn't see anything. After placing the blindfold on Pat, he looked to Sharron and without words, he motioned to her to remove her clothes. Leaning over Pat, he moved to her ear and told her what he knew she wanted to hear. He told her what Sharron was doing, that she had raised the bottom of her T-shirt up over her breasts, up over her head. And then that she removed it from her arms and dropped it to the floor. He told her that she had reached back to unclasp her bra, and that as she pulled it forward, her breasts jiggled slightly from their confines, and settled high on her chest with little motion downward. That she had pulled it off her arms and dropped it to the floor along with her shirt. He told her that Sharron had unbuttoned her pants, and drew them down her long legs, and stepped out of them and that she had taken her fingers and after slipping them into the sides of her panties, she had pushed them down till they fell at her feet, and she had stepped out of them as well.

Pat was getting very excited as he described to her what Sharron was doing, and as he described to her the event of Sharron's undressing, his free hand had traveled slowly down her body, and had slipped between her legs. He felt the moisture between her lips, he felt the flow increase as he stroked her lips as he described Sharron's actions, and as Sharron slowly progressed in her undressing, he felt the wetness increase. She was so wet, he had only seen her this wet twice before, and on both occasions it was when he had whispered in her ear about something that he knew about one or another of her fantasies. This being the one she reacted to almost as much as her fantasy of being with another woman. He nodded to Sharron, who moved to the foot of the bed, and kneeled there, pulling Pat's feet apart, and moving part way up between her legs, Sharron leaned forward and lay on he belly between Pat's legs. Putting her arms up and under Pat's thighs, she wrapped her hands around to Pat's Abdomen, and stroked Pat on her pubic mound, gently stroking her hair, and separating Pat's lips.

Sharron placed her mouth gently down on Pat's lips, and kissed them gently. As Sharron licked and kissed Pat, her boyfriend was telling Pat how Sharron was going to lick her, suck on her clit, and place her tongue up into Pat's pussy. As he whispered to Pat what Sharron was going to do, Sharron's mouth and tongue followed his words only behind by a few seconds. It was as if when he whispered it, it then became true. Pat would hear his words, then feel what he had said. Pat had never realized how it would feel to be only able to hear and feel, yet not see what was happening to her, she trusted him, and she trusted Sharron. Most of all, she was excited, she was bound in place, and could not stop, could not see and could not move away from his words, or the woman between her legs.. and all of this brought her so close to cumming, that she moaned and then had a tremendous orgasm, she raised her hips as high as she could, trying to make that tongue delve deep into her slit, to push herself onto that tongue that was inside her, wanting to impale herself on it. 

Sharron held her down as best she could, and He also helped to hold her down and in place, one hand on her bound hands above her head, and one hand on her belly holding her down so that she couldn't raise up too much from the bed. Pat's orgasm lasted longer than either she or he had thought, but Sharron was up to her best, sucking up all of the juices that poured from Pat's pussy, and as she licked some more... Pat orgasmed again, and then a third time. Sharron's face was now covered in Pat's nectar, as Pat's hips lay back on the bed and the gentle movements of her body spasms slowed and her body relaxed, Sharron moved up on Pat's body and kissed her, sharing the wetness of Pat's orgasm with Pat letting Pat taste herself from Sharron's mouth, and lick the wetness from Sharron's face. Pat's boyfriend released her hands, and untied the scarf that held them above her head. He then gently removed the blindfold from her head, and Pat embraced Sharron. They kissed and held each other. Pat's boyfriend moved back letting the women share that moment together.

He had fulfilled her fantasies. He had let her enjoy the things that her mind and body wanted most, and her knew, that she was now ready to fulfill his fantasies, and that for all of that he smiled and lay back and watched.

-fini-