 Part 2-------

Pat was just getting off from work, she thought back to that morning as she walked out of the store. She had gone to her boyfriend's apartment for breakfast, before walking to work, and had enjoyed her day at work. It had been an interesting day, the store had not been very busy in the morning, a few shoppers, a number of whom were just browsing, some did purchase items, but for the most part, the morning had been fairly slow. She had stocked some shelves, rang up a few orders on the register, and had spent most of the morning thinking about spending the weekend with her daughter. Her daughter lived with her father after a nasty divorce that left Pat broke, and alone. Her daughter was now almost 18, and they had discussed her coming to live with Pat when she turned 18 and Pat had was thinking of moving again already in anticipation of getting a two bedroom apartment to share with her daughter.

In the years since Pat had divorced her husband, she had spent them alone, working hard, living a life of simple means, and not really meeting anyone that she considered her type. Her time away from work was spent alone, or occasionally a dinner out with a friend or co-worker. She didn’t date, and really didn’t feel like starting a new relationship. She felt lonely, but after the problems with her ex… she didn’t want to go through all that again, so she just spent her time by herself. About 11 months ago, her company opened another store in Arizona, she thought that would be a good change, and as her daughter was now living in Arizona, the transfer would allow her to see her daughter more often then she could if she stayed in California. She had tried to get the transfer when they opened the last store in Arizona, but hadn’t been quick enough, and someone else got the last transfer. This time she got the transfer, and moved to Tucson. Granted this was still a 45 minutes drive to where her daughter was, but they had no other stores nearer to her daughter with openings.

The move was uneventful, she found a studio apartment about a 25 minute drive from the store, and it was a rather nice drive there. Not much traffic at the times she had to go to work, and not much when she went home. She had only been working in the new store about a week when she met a couple of people from one of the businesses that had offices in the same building/complex as the store. One gentleman was very nice to her and always seemed to have a smile for her, and a cheery hello. He seemed to always come to her line when she was at the register, and would sometimes find her in the store stocking shelves and say “Hi”, or make some cute little comment as he came up to her. One time just shortly after she had thought about asking him to join her for lunch sometime… he came in and while she was stocking some shelves, he leaned over to her ear and whispered, “If I thought you would say yes, I would ask you to meet me sometime for lunch.” Pat turned around and with a smile, said that she would love to. Then added, “I get off in about 2 hours, if you would like it to be today”.

They went to lunch in her car, he lived only a block from where she worked he had walked to work that day, as it was only a short block from his apartment. They went to a local salad and sandwich spot and spent time talking and getting to know each other, she told him of her daughter, and her plans to go up to see her every other weekend as it was a 45 minute drive up to the Phoenix area, and she didn’t like long drives. She told him of her recent move to Arizona, her desire to try and move closer to her daughter and to be able to someday soon to make a home for her and her daughter. This lunch turned out to be a very nice time she decided. She didn’t want it to end and after about 45 minutes of chatting after they had eaten, she mentioned to him that she had to run 2 errands, and after that she would love to spend some more time with him that day, if he had no other plans. He didn’t, and they went off to run her errands. After spending the afternoon driving around she went to drive him back to his apartment. He invited her in, and offered her a cold glass of water or soda.. they sat and talked more about their lives, their desires and what not. Pat thought to herself that this was a real nice guy, and from that point on, it was almost like they had known each other for years. He listened to her, he paid attention to her feelings, and he even seemed to understand what she had been through. They had so much in common, both had been through two unsuccessful marriages, she had a daughter, but he had no children. He had a poor and abused childhood, and she had been through pretty much the same things.

From that day forward, they seemed to everyone that they were a couple. They had many lunches together, if they were both working she would go up to his office, and they would have lunch together almost everyday. If she was working and he wasn’t, he would bring her lunch and they would sit outside for the 30 minutes while she ate and they talked. They went to movies.. rides around the area to show her Tucson and the surrounding area. They got in the habit of spending a lot of their free time together. Their shifts at work were quite different. His shifts were set and they varied only as to the day and hours, but it was the same from week to week. Hers were varied from week to week. There were times that when she would go to work that he was home and when she went there, he would have breakfast or lunch ready for her, so she could eat before going to work, or she would come over after work and he would have dinner ready for her. At times her shift would be in the evening, and he would bring her dinner, and after work she would stop at his place before going home for the evening.

They would spend time at his pool… they never enjoyed it so much.. the pool was always sparkling, and very rarely was there anyone there but them. They swan, they talked they even “necked” in the pool. It was for Pat a wonderful time and a great relationship. She found that he was a gentleman, not pressuring her to have sex, not constantly trying to “cop a feel”. It was for her almost a fairy tail. She hadn’t believed that there were men who listened, and didn’t take it to mean that a kiss was always a prelude to hot sex. He seemed to be the perfect guy.

One afternoon they were spending a quiet Saturday together. Pat had driven there at 8am, they had breakfast, went to the store and ran an errand or two, gone back to his apartment, and went swimming. After they came in from the pool, she helped him fix them a lie lunch, sandwiches and some chips. Then she asked him if seeing as they were going out to dinner and a movie later, would he mind if she took a short nap. He said not at all, and even had her go take her nap in his bed, rather than the couch. She went in to nap, and he sat at his desk to do some paper work. After about 5 minutes, she came out and asked him if he would like to come in and take a nap with her, as she wanted to lay there and be held while she slept.

They both laid down on the bed, and he held her in his arm. She rested her head in the crook of his shoulder and partly on his chest, with her arm over him. His hand stroked her shoulder and upper back and as they lay there with their eyes closed, they both gently fell asleep. Pat woke shortly realizing that she had only slept for maybe only 20 minutes, and looked up to his face. It was peaceful and his breathing was shallow and regular, as she lowered her hand from his chest to his stomach. She reached down and placed her hand under the bottom of his T-shirt, and proceeded to lightly stroke his chest. Running her hand through the thick carpet of hair on his chest, lightly caressing his chest and stomach. After a few minutes of this with a smile on her face, she stroked with just a bit more pressure, trying to wake him gently, yet softly. As he awoke and looked down at her, she smiled and drew her hand down to his waist, and asked him to make love to her. 

She was nervous, and a bit unsure of herself. She hadn’t made love to anyone in a couple of years, and other than a couple of unfulfilling attempts a self stimulation, she wasn’t totally sure that this was what she wanted. She wanted to please him, and hoped that somehow, he would also want her. Hoping that he would be able to help her reach that plateau of lust, desire, and hopefully that wonderful feeling that she knew would bring her to an orgasm. Pat was scared, she hadn’t really thought about making love to him, but at the moment it seemed like the most important thing for her at the time. 

He took her in his arms, he kissed her passionately, and asked her if she was sure. If she was really ready to make this step in the relationship. He stated that he didn’t want to make love to her if she was not ready, and that he wanted the relationship to continue, but didn’t want it to be ruined just because he made love to her. In answer to his question, she lowered her hand, slipped in under the waistband of his swim trunks, and gently grasped his manhood and started to gently stroke it… As it started to expand with the increased sensations, their kisses got more passionate, lust was taking over both of them. He gently removed her bikini top, then pulled his shirt over his head. He then continued to kiss her and moved his head lower to her chin, then kissed and licked her neck. He gently rolled her on her back, and raised himself up and stroked and caressed her breasts, kissing one and then the other. To Pat, it seemed as if he was avoiding her nipples on purpose.. licking and kissing and gently biting her breasts.. never touching her nipples, getting close, but always avoiding the nipple or the area of the aureole. 

Pat was feeling the pleasure, she could tell that she was getting wetter and wetter. If only he would lower his hand, to slid it under her shorts, to open her shorts, to place his hand there.. to caress her mound, to stroke her bush, to slide his fingers between her lips, to rub lightly over her clit, to … to.. oh was she getting wet.. thinking of the pleasure he was giving her.. Pat wasn’t excited, she wasn’t even breathing to hard.. she was past that.. she was practically there, and he had only touched her and kissed her above the waist.. she smiled.. she knew it was right…

He continued kissing and nibbling at her breasts, and stroking one and then the other… as if they were the only parts of her that existed. He leaned up and kissed her on the mouth, her tongue playing with his. Their tongues fencing with both mouths as the field of battle, gently moving up, down, around, first in her mouth, then in his.. back and forth, with a passion she had never felt before, feeling his tongue and mouth on hers, his hand on her chest, she came. And then again, stronger and harder then ever before. And as her body relaxed, and the feeling floated her gently to earth.. she sighed. His hand not stopping, his kisses on her face, her mouth, her neck, her chest… and he touched her nipple.. and then licked the nipple, and Pat flew away.. another orgasm, stronger the first two. It didn’t stop this time, it was strong, it was almost gut wrenching , she twisted right and left, she felt the spasms from her toes to her head.. the pleasure, it was as if he had tightened the string on a violin, and it had continued to tighten and had finally burst from the pressure…

She closed her eyes.. she was sated.. or thought she was.. and she was out. Moments later she opened her eyes, where was he? Then she felt it, his hands, opening her shorts, pulling them down her legs and off, his lips kissing her legs and her feet, then back up her legs.. her thighs, then her belly above her bikini, sliding his tongue around and into her belly button. Then back up to her chest, her neck, her chin, her mouth… The kisses were so good, Pat never wanted them to stop, she had never in her wildest fantasies thought that she could feel better, or that anyone could bring her to orgasm with just kisses and just above the waist.. her breasts had never been that sensitive.. what had he done? What was different..? What was it about his kisses and touch above her waist that had set her off like that..

She was almost to his apartment when she realized that she was getting excited remembering that first time, that first time they had made love on a warm sunny afternoon. It thrilled her and she could feel herself getting wet as she remembered more of that first time… more of what had happened after he removed her shorts………

TO be Continued…………