 We all laughed again. When I playfully slapped Pat's ass, she slapped mine - more laughter - and he slapped both of ours. When his arms drew us all closer, Pat's and mine slid around him. We all hummed and then kissed each other. Pat's and my tongues caressed each other as eagerly as they did Richard's tongue. 

When we loosened our three-way embrace, he smiled and remarked: 

"Maybe you two did need to reassure each other that you like men as much as you like women. I don't mind if you do; seems like it makes you even better with a man than most girls." 

Pat and I nodded with smiles, exchanging glances, as I wondered if he was assuming that we both also had experience with other girls - we had. Maybe to change the subject, I said: "Beers."

Our arms dropped, but before we moved apart, he slapped our asses again. As I turned to get us beers from the fridge, I asked Pat to get towels, nodding at the sofa. When she returned, before we sat down, Richard smirked and asked: 

"Who sits in the middle?"

"You, of course," Pat and I replied. 

"Just wanted to be sure," he agreed, taking his beer and sitting down. 

We joined him. After a "skaal." we all drank. Then Pat remarked: 

"Otherwise, we would have to have argued on whose side you sat." 

"Wouldn't have made any difference to me," he replied. 

"Or us, probably," I agreed. 

But my hand was already on his thigh, like it had been our first evening together - and many after that. Then immediately Pat's hand was on his other thigh. We exchanged glances, nodding; my remark was just a polite comment. Pat confirmed that by adding: "In bed, too." 

Richard took a sip and remarked: 

"Okay - a first time - but, well, there are two of you and just one of me, so if you, uh, have the urge - need - please feel free." 

"We'll manage," Pat replied. 

I thought so too, but saw her fingers sliding closer to his cock. Her hand didn't want to share it with me? Was she jealous about her having let me have my pussy licked and fucked - and then having suggested I didn't have to lick her pussy to an orgasm. I had wanted to, and I was going to, of course, whenever it was her turn to be licked and fucked. 

Ah, his hand was on my thigh, and he was holding his beer in his other hand. My thigh twitched slightly, purely involuntarily, and his fingers rubbed. Okay, let Pat's find his pubic hair and maybe then his cock, I hummed very softly at the thought that his fingers could only feel the very short fuzz on my shaven pussy - nothing to explore in - so if his fingertips wanted to explore, there was only one place where they could find anything more interesting. 

Both my thighs twitched, but his fingers just squeezed my thigh. We all had a sip of beer. Then Richard hummed questioningly and said: 

"I probably shouldn't ask, but - uh - if you both like each other's pussy so much - not more than I do - but, well - ...?"

He didn't have to finish his question; Pat and I turned our heads to look at each other, confirming that we understood it - at least, what we both immediately assumed he was asking about. I felt like I was blushing, but then tried to rationalize: why, if he had said he didn't mind, rather liked that we enjoyed each other's pussy, should it bother him that we both also enjoyed other girls'? And he had already correctly guessed that we did. There was no denying after our glances the reason for them. 

"If we like other girl's pussies?" I asked softly. He and Pat just nodded. I was blushing, took a sip of beer before continuing: 

"Why not? Yeah, we both know why you like them so much."

"Not quite like you can," Pat added. 

I appreciated her immediate agreement, now liking that her hand was sliding over his pubic hair and finding his soft cock. He hummed softly and replied: 

"Why not, if you like licking pussies as much as I do?"

His hand also slid further, his fingers just cupping around my pussy. I nodded with a hum and then murmured: 

"At least as much; we know how it feels for each other."

"Hadn't thought of that, of course," he replied. 

We all looked at each other, smiling slightly, and raised our beers in a silent toast and drank. Then he asked: 

"Both of you?"

"Yeah," Pat replied: "guess we both wanted to - just one each, I think. I think mine was a real lesbian, nothing with men. Hm-hmm! But she sure is good."

"Mine too," I agreed, now relaxed about our admissions: "but not lesbian, her first time, but she was very curious. Before Pat and I did, she - a colleague - had been suggesting we do something together. After Pat''s visit, I then wanted to, too. Of course, I hadn't been sure what her "something" was - would be - but it turned out to be just what we both wanted."

Richard nodded with a smile, and Pat did, and I did, and we all drank again. Then he asked: 

"But she wasn't like Pat's new girlfriend? 

"My acquaintance," Pat corrected.

"Hm-umm," I replied: "Mine, she likes men, just had been disappointed. But, well, she wasn't after I encouraged her to do what I like to do."

The others chuckled, and he asked: 

"So she returned to men?" 

"And how - on the weekends, like me - but Wednesday nights, ..."

"Sounds like the best of both worlds," he muttered, and Pat nodded, but after a moment's thought, I replied: 

"Almost, but what you both did was the ultimate. You'll find out, Pat." 

"I fucking hope so!" she replied, her fingers waving his flaccid cock. 

"Me too, again," he agreed, and we all grinned and drank to that. 

After a moment of silence, Pat looked over at him again and said: 

"You've done about everything we could want. Anything you especially want?" 

Richard hummed deeply, glancing back and forth at each of us. His fingers squeezed my pussy again, just holding my pussy lips together, but it made my thighs twitch together. Then he chuckled softly and said: 

"Of course, I want Pat also to have "the ultimate" - for me too again," giving her a smile. Then he looked back at me and added: 

"And all evening I have been wanting to suck and nibble on your nipples again."

They stiffened. I purred with a smile. Pat hummed and remarked:

"I know, better than mine, I like to suck them, too." 

"Just different," he replied, then adding: 

"They're all good, when I'm licking them - like all pussies. Well, one girl had an inverted nipple, but her other one made up for that."

"And you know that I like to suck yours," I replied to Pat and licked my lips. 

She grinned and rubbed her beer can over one of her nipples. Richard chuckled, and we all had another sip of beer. Pat looked over at me and waved his cock again, then winked at me. We were silent for a moment. Then I suggested softly to him: 

"I hope you want me to suck your cock - like I used to. That in the bathroom doesn't count." 

"It sure didn't, and I just didn't get around to mentioning that too," he answered, squeezing my pussy again. 

Pat waved his cock again, smiling at me with a nod. That must have been what she had wanted to suggest with her wink; nice that she was keeping score, remembering that I hadn't yet and was willing to relinquish his cock, especially since her fingers had started move more purposely on it. Did she want to let me do that first? And then? 

Then I remembered that he hadn't yet licked her pussy. It was my turn remind them of that, probably just mention it, since it seemed unlikely that they both also hadn't thought of that. 

"I hope you also want to lick Pat's pussy," I murmured, my eyes fastened on his cock. 

Pat's fingers had drawn down his foreskin, but now they wouldn't be able to hide the head of his cock by pushing his foreskin back up. We all hummed. I glanced over and saw that they were also both watching at what her hand was doing, for him apparently distracting him from immediately replying. Then he chuckled and did: 

"Yeah, of course. There's too much going on to think of everything. Of course! About the wettest pussy I can remember." 

Pat's hand was now stroking up and down on his engorge cock. She nodded with a smile. I chuckled and replied: 

"She really squirts, showed me that our first morning together, both playing with ourselves." 

"Before we really did anything with each other," she enjoined. 

"Really squirts?!" he asked. 

"And how, if you do it right?" I replied. 

"I'll sure try, but I don't think we can do all that now." 

"I'm sure you can, since I can, but we don't have to do it all tonight," I remarked, adding: 

"And not here, not trying to make Pat squirt here." 

"But if you want to suck his cock here, it's ready," she replied, letting it stand free of her hand. 

"It sure is!" he agreed with hummed chuckle, nodding, but then shaking his head as he added: 

"Never thought I'd have one girl get my cock stiff so another one could suck it." 

"We didn't either," Pat agreed, gesturing for me to move. 

As I did, his hand that had been holding my pussy took my beer can from me. When I had mentioned sucking his cock, I had been looking forward to starting when it wasn't already aroused and hadn't been thinking that would happen on the sofa. As I knelt between his legs, I consoled myself that I had enjoyed it that way in the bathroom, and better, tasting both of them. I glanced up at his face, licking my lips. He just moaned with an aroused expression, and then the head of his cock slipped between my lips. 

How many times had I sucked his cock that fall semester a few years ago, how many other cocks since then? Was his better, or just so familiar again? How different? I preferred uncircumcised cocks, but that hardly made any difference once they were already completely aroused. Richard's was, but his sack was still loose, letting my fingers fondle his balls. I was looking forward to feeling his ejaculations and tasting his cum, but in no hurry. 

Since I couldn't start before his cock was aroused, I now hoped it would let me enjoy it a little longer than I remembered when he was still a teenager, either now because of better self control or because he had already had three orgasms. I loved hearing his moans again, and that I could still jostle his balls. 

But then his sack drew up, and his moans became more aroused. Enough waiting for his orgasm; I wanted it - for him, of course, but also for me. It was so arousing to experience a man's orgasm this way, but not just this way - my pussy was wet, wanting his twitching cock in it. I was waiting for his hips to twitch and hear the groan I remembered, when his cock had spurted his cum in my throat. Of course, l looked forward to every other man's orgasm, to feel and taste his ejaculation, but I was especially looking forward to Richard's, recalling the many times I had made him cum in my mouth. 

He did, just like I remembered - his groan and the thrust of his cock when he lost control of his hips. He could cum again so strong after three orgasms just an hour before! And back then, he had wanted to fuck me, and we had. My pussy wanted him to!  

"Kiss, suck, fuck!" he insisted, his hands drawing me up - just like back then! Of course, he wanted to taste his cum first.

I clambered up over him, only remembering that Pat was there, when my knee slid between hers and his thighs, but she moved away, letting my knee slide between their hips. His tongue was between my lips before they touched his. We both hummed, as it searched in my mouth. Then it withdrew and he muttered "nipples." I rose up, and his mouth was already finding my nipple. I felt his cock probing to find the mouth of my vagina. Could we still do that with no hands? We could! I sank down on his cock with a long moan. Finally, what it had been wanting. Did he recognize my groan? Maybe his chuckling groan in response said so, as his mouth found my other nipple. If Pat said mine were better than hers, I hoped he also thought so. 

"Fuck!" I heard her mutter, reminding me that she was still there, and remembering that she and Richard had also fucked after she had made him come in her mouth. That he and I should now, wasn't anticipated, but if she said so - or was it only a surprised expletive? 

His hips rocked, his cock moving in my pussy, and my hips more than rocked, rising up and pounding down on his. I could only recall cock-sucking and then immediately fucking with him, but I wasn't combing through thoughts about sex with any other men. My pussy wanted another orgasm, this time a fucking orgasm. 

He stopped sucking my nipple, and then his finger was in his mouth, and then his hand was grasping my ass. Before his finger found my asshole, Pat insisted softly: "Yeah, do that."

I nodded, and his finger did. I moaned, waiting for it to probe, when my twitching asshole let it. It did, and my asshole let it. I moaned again with a nod; this was more, better than what we had done that semester. 

We fucked, more growling than moaning, as his cock plunged in my contracting pussy. I sat back with all my weight on his hips, letting us feel my pussy milk his twitching cock, both chuckling deeply. Only then did I remember again that Pat was beside us and glanced over and saw that she had slid down with her hips to the edge of the sofa and that both her hands were on her pussy. Richard also glanced over with a chuckle and nod, and then I dropped back down over him and we resumed fucking. 

My orgasm started before his, my spasms continuing as he grunted and had his. I collapsed on him, feeling my pussy still contracting on his cock, as we both moaned and sighed after our so successful exertion. 

Then I was reminded again of Pat's presence, her moans and feeling her hips twitch against my ankle. Was she going to squirt? I raised and turned my head and murmured to Richard: 

"Watch," and then to her: "Squirt." 

Richard did, and then she did. We saw her jerk her fingers out of her pussy and the fountain of her pussy juice arch out, and then again, as her hips jerked up and she groaned. Her hands both clutched around her pussy for a few moments, and then she licked and sucked her fingers with a satisfied hum. 

Apparently she had also forgotten about us for a while. Only when she reached down and found the edge of the towel between her legs, did she glance over at us, then with a wry smile remarking: 

"I just had to, too. He was only supposed to eat your pussy."

"Sorry about that," I replied, then smirked at him and asked: "Did you ever?" 

"Not that I can remember, but it looked like you did that as good as I ever could have. Never saw anything like that before." 

I sat up, feeling his wilted cock slip out and then more moisture from my pussy. Pat moved back up on the sofa, and we all snickered as she found more of the towel to wipe her pussy. I remarked to his last comment: 

"You couldn't have seen it, just enjoyed its all going in your mouth." 

"Or all over my face - just a couple of times." 

We all chuckled, nodding, then laughing, and our hands found breasts to fondle: Pat's and mine, one of each other's, his also one of both of ours. Then I rolled off him and stretched out my legs, and we just chuckled again. When he saw Pat and me looking at his very relaxed cock, he sniffed and said: "Don't expect it to do anything more tonight." 

She and I nodded with smiles, and we all got up and went to the bathroom, using the toilet and washing, then went to my bedroom. Of course, Pat and I lay with him between us, then with a thigh over each of his, as our hands slid down and joined to hold his cock and balls. He hummed and murmured: "Nice, two girls' fondling, but I can't sleep like this." 

We let him roll on his side, my appreciating that it was towards me with his hand finding my breast, aware that Pat had curled up behind him with her hand and arm between us. We all hummed and said good night and were soon asleep. 

When I woke up, his arm was no longer around me. It took me a few moments to recall that I wasn't alone, then remembering in a rush that I wasn't and how we had spent the evening. I opened my eyes and saw that was dawning and wondered what else would happen, as it came back to me why we three were together, for Pat and me to demonstrate to each other that we liked men's cocks as much as we enjoyed each other's pussy - not just each other's! We both had enjoyed licking another pussy! But we sure had demonstrated how much we liked a cock, anyway we could enjoy it! And now? 

I turned over and moved closer to Richard. When I slid my hand over his side, I discovered that he was curled up behind Pat with his arm around her. Of course, just natural that it should be when he found a girl lying in bed with him, his hand probably on her breast. I had plenty of experience enjoying that, waking up like that. Oooh, and it hadn't been just his arm around me, sooner or later I had felt his cock below my ass, a couple of times before he was awake, but always when he woke up, it then probing gently behind my pussy. Had my turning over stirred them? 

"Uhm-hmm," I heard Pat murmur as though replying, but then I felt his hips rock forward, and she repeated her murmur. Of course, she had the same experience I had: she was feeling his cock's wanting to get closer to her pussy and enjoying that, such a nice way to wake up, feeling a cock wanting to find its way in one's pussy. His hips rocked again, and I felt on the back of my arm that her did. Yes, they should fuck, her turn this time. 

"Uhm-hmm," he murmured, and when his hips rocked forward again, his arm slid down over mine and on her side, his hand sliding down from wherever it had been, but now below her hip. She hummed, and he hummed, and I hummed in empathy. Their hips moved again, and they both chuckled. When they both moved again, and I felt the covers move, recognizing that she had raised her thigh, I murmured: 

"Yes, do it," then said louder: No, wait. Move back and let me help." 

As I rolled back and slipped from under the covers, they both chuckled warmly and did. I rushed around the foot of the bed. Pat was already holding up the covers, waiting for me to dive under them, my turn to enjoy a pussy with a cock in it - "the ultimate" for her this time. As I slid my face closer to her pussy, she flipped the covers over me and let my thigh slide under her head. With both hands, we each hugged the other's hips and buried our faces between each other's thighs. 

As my tongue found her clitoris, hers found mine, but the head of his cock was just bumping on my nose, as I felt the mattress move, then recognizing that he was moving his body back to have a better angle to fuck Pat, fuck her deeper. The head of his cock slid past my nose, probing to find her vagina. My tongue extended to help it, but when it felt the little ridge below the tip of his cock, it couldn't help wanting to enjoy caressing where I knew it felt so arousing for him. My hands pressed back against his hips to keep him from probing, and the tip of my tongue twitched back and forth there. He moaned to my delight, and Pat chuckled, but after a moment she demanded softly: "Stop that and let him fuck me." 

Reluctantly I did, nodding, and the head of his cock slid into her. She moaned, and he did, holding his cock deep in her pussy. When I grasped her ass again and my tongue returned to her clitoris, she did the same, and I moaned with slight nod, wondering - hoping - that she wouldn't stop arousing me, as I had done, when they both were giving me the ultimate pleasure of being fucked and licked at the same time. 

Good Pat, she did, despite her having to moan as his cock plunged in her pussy, while I enjoyed licking and remembered the sensations she was having. When he grunted and came, she did stop arousing me, while her own orgasm overcame her, her hips twitching in the grasp of my hands as her body convulsed, and the squirts of her pussy juice almost went in my nose. His cock held still, and he just gasped and moaned. I could imagine how her vagina was still contracting on his cock. After a few moments, she clutched my pussy to her face again. 
