 A few hours later, Pat woke up and saw that Sharron was still there and still asleep. Gently, she placed her hand on Sharron’s belly. Softly stroking up and down, gradually lowering her touch towards the sweet honey pot that she had feasted on earlier. As she reached her destination, Sharron moaned in her sleep, and moved her legs further apart. Pat gently slid her fingers up and down Sharron’s slit. As Sharron’s pussy got wetter and wetter Pat slid her fingers into the wetness, and with her fingers coated with Sharron’s juices, she played with her lover’s clit, and then slowly entered her with two fingers. Stroking them in and out, Pat continued to watch as Sharron moaned some more, and her face grimaced in the throws of her impending passion. Pat could tell the Sharron was now dreaming of sex, and Pat continued to move her fingers in and out of Sharron’s wet pussy. As she leaned forward, she took Sharron’s nipple into her mouth, and slowly licked and sucked on it. 

Sharron moaned again and placed her hands behind Pat’s head, pulling her closed. Pat glanced up and saw the smile on Sharron’s face. She hadn’t stopped playing in Sharron’s pussy, and Sharron was starting to breathe heavier. Pat lifted her head and kissed Sharron on the lips. Sliding her tongue into her mouth, their tongues played a game of hide and seek. The game turned to fencing, as they each tried to out do each other’s tongues. Back and forth from one mouth to the other, the kiss continued and so did Pat’s fingers. As Sharron was almost about to reach an orgasm, Pat suddenly pulled her mouth away and her fingers out of the very wet pussy. She moved on the bed till she was looking right at Sharron’s wet, dripping slit. She leaned down and started licking up the wetness, savoring the sweet and aromatic juice that her fingers had created in Sharron’s pussy.

As she feasted for the second time on a woman, she thought haw wonderful it was, and wondered why she hadn’t done it sooner. As Sharron’s orgasm crested, her thighs captured Pat’s head and Sharron bore down on Pat’s mouth.. coming in a flood, as Pat swallowed all the ambrosia flowing out of Sharron. As she finally pulled away, she noticed that her boyfriend was sitting on the edge of the bed smiling at her. He asked her if she was having fun, and was she ready for more fun. Pat nodded and started to get up from her kneeling position between Sharron’s legs. She moved up to sit at the head of the bed, and sharron moved up as well. Both of them were waiting to see what was next. Pat’s Boyfriend got up from the edge of the bed, walked to the closet, and brought out a box which he handed to Pat, telling her to go to the bathroom and put it on, and to follow the directions that were also in the box. But she was not to come out till he called her. She got off the bed and as she took the box, she walked naked to the bathroom.

He then offered his hand to Sharron and helped her off the bed. Walking her to the closet, he handed her another box and told her to follow him to the living room. Sharon took the offered box and followed him to the living room. He sat on the couch, and directed her to place the box on the couch, but she was to kneel in front of him. She did as he directed and he proceeded to pull her towards him, and down to his lap. He had opened the jeans he was wearing, and had pulled his cock out of his pants.. he directed her to take his manhood into her mouth, and to lick and suck on him. Sharron again, did as directed, she was enjoying this afternoon, and was really enjoying the change from being just an object to her husband, to now being a desired submissive to this man, and a dominant to his girlfriend. Sharron did her best to make sure that he enjoyed what she was doing, she had never had a complaint about the blow jobs she had given over the years to any of her boyfriends growing up or even her husband. And she was good at it, as Pat’s boyfriend was now finding out first hand. In what seemed like only a couple of minutes, he was about to cum in her mouth, and he was holding her head as he rocked back and forth into her mouth. This was something that Sharron had always wanted a man to do, to hold her head, to make it feel like he was in total control, that he was fucking her mouth, and that she was his sex toy. Only a few more strokes, and he shot off into her mouth. As she swallowed and swallowed, she then licked up the little bit that had run down the length of his cock. 

He then released her head, and directed her to open the box. As she opened the box, she found a corset, made of black satin, with red lace and ribbons on it. Also in the box were a pair of dark black stockings, a pair of 5” black stiletto heels, and a black satin thong. He directed her to put on the corset and the other articles. As Sharron did so, he sat there and watched. Hi eyes never left her as she sat down and placed the stockings on her feet and rolled them up her long legs. She was smiling inside, enjoying the lustful look on his face as he watched her get dressed in this outfit. Sharron had always’ wanted to have someone in her life that was strong enough to take control, yet let her still be an individual, and a woman. She enjoyed the sexy outfit, and wanted more of this in her life. Her husband was so self absorbed, that he didn’t even notice what she wore, nor did he take control. Her husband was one of those men that just expected a wife to have sex, and then leave him alone. He didn’t even let her spend money on sexy outfits. To him it was a waste of money to buy something that would be taken off within a minute or two. To him, any lingerie was fine, if she needed bras or panties.. fine, but why spend money on things that she didn’t need. 

Sharron was deep in these thoughts, when she finished rolling up the stockings and attached the stockings to the corsets garters. She stood up, picked up the satin thong, and stepped into it. Pulling it up and making sure the it was placed well up her hips, and that the small patch of cloth covered her properly. She knew she looked goo in this outfit, and when she looked at Pat’s boyfriend, she was assured by his look that she was right. Sharron walked over and stood in front of him, doing a small pirouette, to show him her body from all sides. When she faced him again the smile on his face told her that she was looking good. He held out his hand, and pulled her to him, pulling her down to his lap, she sat there, placing her arms around his neck, and they kissed. Not a kiss of two people that had just that afternoon recently met, but a kiss between lovers, with passion, and lust, she slowly slid down so that she was again on the floor between his knees, as she stroked and then kissed hi reviving cock, she licked and nibbled, and slowly took him into her mouth. As he became more erect, and his cock was engorged with the lust, he pulled her off, and directed her to go sit on the other side of the couch and to stay there till he came back with Pat.. She did so, and smiled. Pat’s boyfriend got up, zipped up his jeans, and walked to the other room to get Pat. 

When Pat took the box into the bathroom, her first thought was to take a quick shower. After getting out of the shower, she opened the box and found a white lace bra and thong set, some white thigh high stockings, a white garterbelt that  matched the bra and panty set, and a pair of 4” high heels. All of which she put on carefully and stood looking at herself in the full length mirror on the inside of the bathroom door. As he brushed her hair, she noticed that in the box, there was something left under the tissue paper the had surrounded her outfit. She leaned over and moved the tissue paper to reveal an envelope and some more clothes. Pat picked up the top item, it was a short white skirt, light and thin, she put it on. Then she turned to the mirror. Standing up she noticed that the hem of the skirt was almost high enough that it almost showed the tops of her stockings, and she knew that if she were to sit down, not only would the stocking tops be revealed, but the garter straps as well. She looked back in the box, found a semi shear blouse, and put it on. She turned again to the mirror, and now saw that she was dressed to kill. She tossed her hair so that it fell more naturally to the front of her shoulders, and smiled into the mirror. She had to admit, she was getting turned on by the image she saw. Pat was also sure that dressed this was she would be a turn on to her boyfriend, and hopefully to Sharron.

This thought of Sharron made her think.. She had just experienced her first lesbian sex, she had just finished making love to not only her first woman, but with her boyfriend not only watching, but he had set it up, and had participated a bit. She was getting very wet just thinking about that. And of course she was hoping for more, and by the look of her outfit, she was sure that there was more coming. As she stood there with these thoughts, the door opened, and her boyfriend walked in. His smile assured her that not only did she look good, but that her thoughts about more to come were correct. He took her by the hand, and led her out into the bedroom. He directed her to finish putting on fresh makeup, and to make sure that she added a bit of perfume.