 As Pat applied fresh makeup, she thought again of Sharron, of her face, her body, and the sex she had just had. She smiled at the thought of being again in Sharron's arms, and of making love to her again. She also thought about watching her boyfriend taking Sharron from behind, while Sharron went down on her. Just this quick thought made her shudder so hard, she had to stop and place her hands on the dresser to keep her balance. She looked to see if he noticed... he was watching her in the mirror with a smile on his face. He had she thought, and it made her shudder in pleasure again just knowing that. As she then started to finish her makeup, he told her to finish up and then to wait there in the bedroom for him. And reminded her that she was not to play with herself or to do anything till he returned.

He then left the bedroom, and shut the door. In the living room, Sharron was sitting on the couch, leaning back as she had caught her breath, and was deep in thought about what had transpired between her and Pat, and between her and Pat's boyfriend. She realized that he had taken control of both of them, controlling Pat and herself, taking them through the roles of Pat's fantasy. Sharron realized that it was not just Pat's fantasy that she had enjoyed. It was also hers, to have sex with a woman, to have a man control the situation the expect her to perform to his satisfaction. As Sharron reclined there on the couch, she had her eyes closed and as she thought back to the events of the last hour or so, she was still excited. With her eyes still closed, and not having seen him come back into the room, she gently stroked her own body, playing with her breasts, stroking her belly, and slowly and gently running her hands down to her clit and pussy lips. She pulled off the thong panties, and continued to play with herself.

He watched Sharron manipulate her nipples, and her pussy lips, he watched as she played with herself. He was still enjoying having brought Pat's fantasy to reality, and he knew they were not finished. He wanted Pat to experience more, to have the pleasure that she had denied herself for so long. He knew that she had wanted to have a chance at making love to another woman. He also knew more, that she wanted to share a woman with him, to allow herself to be dominant to a woman in a sexual way, yet to be submissive as well. To submit to the desires of another woman, or to her boyfriend. He knew that Pat wanted to let go, to enjoy the pleasure of SEX, to be able to have sex, on her terms, not just because someone else wanted it. He knew that her ex-husbands had used and abused her, mentally , emotionally, and to some degree physically. But He didn't do that, he let her do what she wanted, to follow her desires, to have the right to submit or dominate as she wanted.

Sharron continued to play with herself, eyes closed, and enjoying the feelings of the past hour as well as the pleasure she was giving herself at this moment. As she did this, he watched, and slowly moved closer so as not to disturb her. As she came closer and closer to her climax, he stood nearby and watched. After she came (which seemed to be in seconds), he gently stirred so that she would be aware of his presence, yet not to frighten her. As Sharron opened her eyes, she knew it was him, she smiled up at him and watched as he sat down next to her on the couch. He reached out to her, pulling her up and into an embrace, kissing her gently and lightly on the lips, thanking her for helping him bring reality to Pat's fantasy. He expressed his hope that she too had enjoyed it, and that she might be interested in more.. that she wasn't wanting to leave just yet.

Sharron assured him that she wasn't yet ready to leave, and that she hoped that there was more yet to come. She also expressed her hopes that today would not be the only time they would be together, she wanted to be friends with Pat and him, and was willing to share with them anything and everything that they wanted to share with her as well. He smiled at her, kissed her once more, and asked her to put the rest of the lingerie on. She stood up, pulled on the panties, and stepped into her heels. He held out his hand for her, and she took it and allowed him to lead her to the bedroom. As he opened the bedroom door, they entered, and saw Pat standing there dressed in the white lingerie, the complete outfit making her look virginal, innocent, and at the same time very sexy and wanton. Sharron let out a soft whistle, and Pat blushed a bit. Sharron walked forward to Pat, and embraced her and they kissed. It was a kiss of friendship at first. It progressed to one of lust and desire, making them both moan in pleasure. As they kissed, Pat's boyfriend sat down in a chair placed by the bed just for this occasion. Pat and Sharron, kissed, caressing each other, and eventually fell to the bed entwined in an embrace of lust, passion and heated sex. 

They were completely involved in their own world, ignoring that fact that he was sitting there watching them. Enjoying each other as only two women can. Caressing, kissing, fondling each other, not yet wanting to undress each other, but to feel the silky soft satiny material against each others bodies. Feeling the material keeping them covered, yet exposed. A barrier between them, yet knowing that only that thin soft material was separating their bodies from being flesh against flesh. Sharron was on top of Pat kissing her and stroking her breasts through the white bra, then the rolled over and Pat was on top caressing Sharron's full and round breast through her black corset. Feeling the fullness of the breast through the lace and satin. They played this way for awhile, kissing and caressing each other. Bringing their passion to a boil. As the passion and heat rose the caresses moved further down their bodies, caressing bellies, hips, thighs and upper legs. Neither Pat nor Sharron wanted to be the first to touch the other's pussy, yet they both wanted the other to be the first. Pat wanted Sharron to rub her through the panties, to feel her wetness soak the panties and bring her more pleasure, while Sharron wanted Pat to stroke her in the same way.

Eventually they both gave in to the desires of the other, both seeming to be as one, both reaching for the other at the same time. Pat and Sharron both caressing the other's pussy through the lingerie at the same moment, both groaning out loud together as the pleasure hit them. Their lovemaking got hotter if you could call it that. They were frenzied, pulling off their panties, stroking each other, as if it was mandatory that they both came at the same time, and as if it was so urgent that it had to be at this moment. They rubbed, they stroked, they plunged their fingers into each other.. rapidly trying to bring each other to orgasm instantly, as if it had to happen now, and not later.. time seemed to be of the essence. They were both breathing heavily, and from activity as well as passion.

He sat there and smiled, he knew that they both wanted to be the first to please the other, that both Pat and Sharron wanted to bring the other off first. It was almost as if there were a prize for the first to get the other to climax. They were both panting, and the movements of the two women were rapid and excited. They were both fast approaching their orgasms, and he sat there and watched as the love, the passion and the lust consumed them both. And at the same time as if time was holding still, they both came, and together. They fell to the bed holding and kissing, catching their breaths, and enjoying that moment after... in lust and passion, they kissed as lovers, not as two women who had just met and had sex.

To Be Continued...