 She was standing there, running her fingers up and down between the lips of her pussy, she wasn’t thinking about what she was doing, she was thinking of what she wanted to be doing. She was thinking about him, about him licking her pushing his tongue into her, deeply licking and stroking her from the inside. Playing his tongue over her lips, around her clit, and then sliding his tongue up and down her entire slit. She was pushing her fingers deeper and deeper, trying to reach that spot she had heard about, that he found so easily, but she wasn’t thinking about this either, she was thinking about him making love to her, having him on top of her or her on top of him, riding him, or even having him take her from behind while she knelt on the bed, or leaned over the table, or across the dresser. So many ways, so many places, Pat only wanted to cum. And as she played with herself, he was standing there in the bathroom, watching her through the shower curtain, watching her finger herself, watching as she finally came, watching the water run down her body. He watched as she nearly collapsed to the bottom of the shower with the orgasm she gave to herself.

He went back to the kitchen, and she finished her shower. Pat dried off and then put on some shorts and a T-shirt. Then walked to the kitchen and sat down to a meal that he had prepared. While eating they talked, and she thought… what was it, what was it about him that brought out this passion, this lust, this desire for sex that she had locked away. She studied him while they talked and ate. Trying to understand, trying to find that key to how he had unlocked the desires and the lust. She found nothing, she only knew that she wanted him, that she desired him more than she had ever wanted and desired anyone.

After they ate, the together cleaned up the dishes and the kitchen, then went to the living room, to sit and cuddle and relax. They watched some TV, then decided that it was getting late and Pat had to drive home, She went to the other room and gathered her work clothes and he then walked her to her car. She got in and opened the window. He leaned in and kissed her, her eyes shut and she leaned back, returning the kiss. The kiss was soft, passionate, and as usual, it thrilled her the way he kissed her. It continued, and as it did, she was getting wet, and her breathing got deeper, she still didn’t understand how even his kisses turned her on so much. They pulled apart, she started to reach to put the key in the ignition, and he leaned back in and started kissing her again.. He put one arm around behind her shoulders, and the other in front of her and around her waist. 

As he kissed her his right are moved from her shoulders to the nape of her neck, and his left arm moved so that his hand was stroking her side, then her belly and moved up under the shirt to her breasts. He started by lightly playing with her nipple, and then slowly and lightly twisting her nipple, Pat was feeling her thighs getting wetter and wetter, she was feeling the lust and desire build, and with him playing with her breast, she was getting very excited, to the extent the she was starting to experience small little ripples in her pussy, she then leaned back and experienced a major orgasm, and as she tried to catch her breath, he pulled away, and suggested that she drive home carefully, and that he would see her in the morning. Pat started the car, caught her breath and smiled at him as she backed up and drove off.

When Pat got home, she turned on the TV, got undressed, and prepared to get things ready for the next day. It was her intention to get to his apartment early to have breakfast and she caught herself thinking about making love with him, before going to work. As she sat down to relax and watch TV till she could fall asleep, she started flipping through the channels. She was glad that the apartment she lived in offered Satellite TV, It had so many channels to choose from and she was sure that she would find something to watch, something to settle her self with and help her to just relax and hopefully fall asleep soon. As she flipped through the channels, she noticed that one that looked like a movie, she settled back and decided to watch it to find out what it was. On the screen there were three women riding in a convertible with the top down and driving south along the beach. The next scene was of then pulling into the driveway all laughing, and seeming to be having fun. Then two of the women got out and started to go towards the house, and the third stayed in the car and backed out of the driveway. The first two went in, and the camera showed them walking into the house from the inside. They closed the door and while smiling at each other they reached out and pulled each other into a very hot and close kiss. 

Pat was about to change the channel, when she noticed that one of the women was starting to undress the other, and that the kiss was showing that they were not only kissing, but caressing each other as well. Pat had never been with another woman, she really didn’t have any desire to be with one. But like most women, she had on a number of occasions thought about what it would be like. And here in her apartment, she decided it couldn’t hurt anyone or anything if she were to watch this movie a little longer. She watched the one undress the other, and as she broke the kiss, she got down on her knees to open the jeans of the other woman, and as she pulled them down she leaned into her body and started licking and nibbling on her belly, and then down to her pubic mound. Trailing her tongue down further and tilting her head to place her tongue directly into the other woman’s pussy. She was eating her right there in the hall as her partner stood against the wall. 

Pat stared at the screen, The woman standing there being pleasured was blonde, with hair down past her shoulders, she had melon sized breasts, and a trim waist. Pat thought that she was very attractive. The one on her knees had rich red hair, almost down to her waist. It was full and somewhat curly but hung in place and seemed to be full of body and bounce as she moved. She was still dressed in shorts and a T-shirt but she looked at least as nice as the blonde. In fact, Pat had been recently thinking about coloring her hair that same red color, and she knew that her boyfriend liked that color and he had said so a number of times when Pat had made comments about coloring her hair. She watched as the redhead continued licking and sucking on the blonde. 

The camera panned up the blonde’s body to her face, she had deep blue eyes, and as they rolled upwards from the pleasure she was receiving, it was obvious to Pat that she was not only enjoying the sensations, but that she was about to have an orgasm. Her moaning came to a loud scream as she reached that plateau, and then her body just sank to the floor. She turned off the TV, and realized that she was again playing with herself, and she too was almost at that same point. She couldn’t understand it, she had already orgasmed at least three times earlier playing with herself, and now here she was watching two women enjoy each other, and she was about to orgasm again. This time she wasn’t even thinking about her boyfriend. She was very confused. Pat looked at her fingers, now extremely wet with her on fluids from her orgasm, and as she looked at her hand, she brought it to her nose, smelled it and slowly and tentatively brought the fingers to her mouth and she licked her own fluids from her fingers. She thought that it tasted slightly sweet, and she remembered that once she had taken her boyfriends penis in her mouth just after he had been inside her, and she remembered the flavor… and she was enjoying it… As she lay there on the sofa, she was thinking of nothing but the pleasure she had felt, the movie that she had just seen, and the taste she had just sampled.. and she fell asleep with a smile on her face...

To be continued.