 Pat woke the next morning, feeling refreshed. She got up made the coffee, went to shower, shaved her legs, trimmed her pubic hair, and got ready to go to work. After getting dressed in shorts and a work T-shirt, she went and poured a cup of coffee. While standing there in the kitchen she reflected back on the previous day. She had brought herself to at least four orgasms. She had gotten very excited about the two women in the movie, and somewhere deep in the back of her mind she felt that someday, she might just have to try making love to another woman. But in the meantime, her relationship with her boyfriend need to grow. She needed to feel wanted, needed to feel attractive and feminine to him. She wanted him to want her, to love her and yes, she was feeling that she was in love with him, wanting to build something with him. But her fears of that were still in her mind...

Pat finished her coffee, got her things together and walked out of the apartment. Got into her car, and drove to her boyfriend's apartment. It had become a regular thing, got to his apartment, he would have breakfast waiting, and then she would walk to work, she liked that, the feeling of having someone there doing for her, thinking about her and wanting her. She found the drive quick and easy. She pulled in and he was just coming outside to dump some trash as she pulled in. She delayed getting out of the car till he was on his way back to the apartment. She Got out and locked the door as he approached her, taking her into his arms, pulling her to him and kissing her.. she felt the kiss all the way to her toes. His kisses excited her more than any she had ever received. And she returned them with as much passion as she could muster.

They walked into the apartment, he had only to put the plates on the table and breakfast was ready. They sat down and ate, had some coffee and discussed the plans for that evening. Pat was going to stay there, and in the morning they were driving up to the Phoenix area so that they could spend the day with her daughter. He was driving her car, and because she didn't like long drives, she had asked him to go with her. He was going to wash her car, then run some errands, and would bring her some lunch later when she left him know when her lunch break would be. She told him she would call as soon as she got there and looked at today's schedule. She usually walked the block to work since they had started to be together, it was a nice walk, not on a busy street, and walking gave her a chance to relax and get exercise. She got to work, checked the schedule and called him to let him know when her lunch break was. All was good in her life at the moment and she smiled.

Pat had a good day at work, they were not too busy, and not to many customers were being idiots that day. Shortly before her scheduled lunch break, while she was working at one of the cash registers, she noticed him in her line. He was early for her lunch, but he had a small basket in his hand and was evidently buying a few items from the store. Whenever he shopped there he got in her line if she was at the register. As she waited on the customers in line, she noticed the he was talking to the woman in line ahead of him. The woman was tall, had a nice figure, or at least from what Pat could see of it. The woman had long red hair, was wearing a light purple T-shirt, and blue jeans. She had a nice smile, and she was laughing at something her boyfriend had said. Then the woman looked at Pat, and then to her boyfriend and nodded. They seemed to be talking about her, or at least maybe he had mentioned Pat in the conversation. Pat took a better look at the woman.

She had noticed the long red hair and her outfit. She now looked at the face, blue almost sky blue eyes, A nice smile, not too many freckles on the face. She looked at the woman between helping and running her register, she looked up and there were about 3 more people in line ahead of this woman who was still talking to her boyfriend. Pat wasn't jealous, but couldn't figure out why they were talking so long. It wasn't like him to flirt or carry on with other women, especially in front of her. The Red head had definitely filled out the T-shirt, and Pat would guess that the woman was at least a 40D if not a little bigger. She had a full look to her, not fat, not overweight, but not a skinny rail. She had long legs and once the woman turned around, Pat saw that she had a very nice round rear end as well. Something like the redhead in that movie she had watched.. not exactly, but there was a reminder of her. All of a sudden she was in front of Pat. Pat greeted her as she did to all customers, and was glad to receive a pleasant greeting in return. Pat looked up at the woman, and saw a big smile, and what looked like a wink. Pat finished her order, and said goodbye, and the redhead said goodbye, and see you later, as she walked out of the store. Now Pat was confused, or at least flustered, she thought for sure that the redhead had winked at her, but she wasn't sure it was a wink, it could have just been the woman's eye blinking as all eyes tend to do.

Then it was her boyfriend ion front of her, and of course he had a smile on his face, he always did when he looked at her. She smiled at him, rang up his order and as he walked away he said he would see her outside in ten minutes for her lunch break. He walked out. And out of sight. Pat was not sure if she should be concerned or what. Maybe it was just her insecurity, maybe it was just her imagination. She kept on ringing up customers orders until it was time for her break. She finally finished and went to the back to get her water bottle, her purse and to clock out for lunch. Pat then walked outside and around the corner to where they usually sat and ate. He was there, with a smile on his face, and had lunch set out almost like a picnic. He stood up and kissed her and they sat down to eat. Just a small salad, and a tuna sandwich, just what she felt like eating, she didn't like to eat big meals while at work. And he always seemed to know her appetite. He always seemed to know what she was in the mood for. This was something that Pat liked, it was like they read each others minds when it came to food or drink or what to do on day's off. Pat toyed with the idea of "Prince Perfect" for a minute. He was special, and she was falling in love. Pat was sure of it.

They ate, and talked about the drive up to Phoenix, and what they were going to do once they picked up her daughter. They decided to go to the Mall, as her daughter had mentioned needing to get some clothes and other things for school. Pat suggested that they go to that new outlet mall, and he agreed. They talked about work, and then it was time to go back. As he kissed her and held her, he said he would have dinner and a surprise waiting for her when she got off work. And he would see her when she got to his place. She went into the store and saw him start back towards the apartment.

Pat's mind was acting up over time at the thought of the surprise, not having any idea as to what it might be, it stayed on her mind as she worked the rest of the shift. Was he planning a special dinner, it wasn't an anniversary, it wasn't her birthday, it wasn't anything that she could remember. It sat there on her mind like a heavy weight. She couldn't stop thinking about it. And soon the shift was over. She gathered her things and headed out the door. A short walk and she was at the front door. She opened it, and sitting there on the couch was the redhead from the store.

She was sitting on the couch, and she was looking at Pat as she walked in. The shock or surprise on Pat's face was very evident, she couldn't even speak. The Redhead had to ask her to close the door, and Pat did. The redhead then asked Pat to come over to the couch, and to kneel on the ground in front if her. Pat didn't even realize that she did exactly that. As she kneeled in front of the woman, she watched her sit forward, she was able to see that the redhead was very well endowed up top, and as she leaned forward towards Pat, her long hair fell forward from her shoulders and almost reached her lap. She didn't even realize the she was being spoken to, and only when the redhead clapped her hands in front of Pat, did she realize that she was not only staring at the redhead, but was just caught admiring her.

Pat could feel her face turn red in embarrassment. She was kneeling on the floor in front of this woman, she was staring in admiration at her, and was not even sure of why. Pat looked to her face. The redhead said, "Now that I have your attention, I should introduce myself. My name is Sharron I am here at the request of your boyfriend to give you a special evening to fulfill your fantasies." Pat leaned back on her heel that were under her, and just looked into Sharron's eyes. She had no idea what fantasies she was talking about, they had never discussed fantasies, they had never talked much about anything relating to fantasies. Sharron stood up in front of Pat. She reached down to pat, and took her arm to help her stand up, she then took Pat in her arms, and pulled her in close and pressed her lips to Pat's, she parted Pat's lips with her tongue, and kissed her.

Pat was in total surprise, returning the kiss without thinking, feeling Sharron's tongue playing around in her mouth, and feeling the excitement of the kiss, her first from a woman. She was enjoying it so much, that she put her arms around Sharron, and pulled her closer, pressing her body tightly to Sharron's, returning the kiss with lust and desire. Her tongue playing tag with Sharron's. Pat felt her knees getting weak, and the moisture forming in her crotch. She was getting very wet from this kiss. She was so engrossed in the kiss that she didn't even realize that Sharron was pulling her shirt out of her pants, and then pulling it over her head. It wasn't till the kiss ended that she realized that not only had Sharron removed her shirt, but had removed her bra as well. As Sharon returned her lips to Pat's, they kissed again, Pat again placing her arms around Sharron, and receiving Sharron's tongue inside her mouth.

Pat was just slightly aware of some movement in the room, but she was enjoying this kiss so much, that she didn't even look around to see what was happening. Sharron proceeded to undress Pat, removing her denim shorts, then pushing her panties down to fall at her feet with the shorts. Pat stepped out of the shorts and panties but lifting one foot and then the other. Pat was standing there in her boyfriend's apartment totally naked, kissing a tall sexy redheaded woman, and she hadn't even seen her boyfriend. While she enjoyed this kiss, and the exciting strangeness of the situation, She felt Sharron take her right hand and place it behind her, then the left hand was placed behind her, and when Sharron had both of Pat's hands behind her, Pat felt something placed on her wrists. Then she heard a snap. And she couldn't move her hands. Sharron had placed some kind of restraint on her. As she tried to look behind her to see what it was, she saw her boyfriend standing behind her smiling. He leaned to her and kissed her cheek, telling her that she was going to learn how to please a woman, just like she had imagined in her fantasies. 

He told her that he had listened to her talk in her sleep, and had listened to her talk and moan while she had played with herself on the couch the previous day. That when he had met Sharron in the store, Sharron had agreed that Pat was a pretty woman, and had even commented that she would be a perfect playmate for her Dominant desires. He had caught up to her outside the store and after a few brief comments about things in general, ha had asked Sharron if she would be willing to help him make Pat's submissive and lesbian fantasies come true. Sharron had agreed, gone home to change, and then returned to his apartment to await Pat's arrival.

To be continued...