 Pat couldn’t believe what he had just said. She couldn’t believe that one of her fantasies was about to happen. She couldn’t believe that this beautiful woman was there to help him make it happen, to fulfill her fantasy of being a submissive, her fantasy of making love to another woman. She was standing there, totally naked, in front of her, a beautiful woman, with a full and thick head of long red hair. Standing there, Pat realized that this woman was slightly taller than her own 5’8”. The Redhead had introduced herself as Sharron, she was fully dressed in a light purple T-shirt, that was pulled tightly across her very well endowed chest. She was wearing tight blue jeans that looked almost like they were sprayed onto her shapely and sexy lower body. And she had just informed Pat that she was there to help Pat’s boyfriend make two of her best fantasies come true.

Pat stood there, her hands bound behind her, her boyfriend standing behind her, and Sharron standing there in front of her. Sharron lifter her shirt up and over her head, allowing Pat to see her full, upright and large breasts. Pat could look nowhere else, she was staring at Sharron’s chest, wanting to bury her head in between those globes of flesh, wanting to suck the nipples into her mouth, wanting to lick and caress Sharron’s tits, and to have Sharron’s nipples in her mouth. As she stared and lusted after them, she didn’t notice that her boyfriend had moved over to the couch and had sat down. As Sharron placed her hands under her full and firm tits, she was almost holding them up and out, offering them to Pat. But due to the restraints, Pat could not reach out to touch them, she couldn’t pinch the nipples, she couldn’t caress them. She was getting so excited, so wet. She wanted them, she wanted to be right there, with her mouth on those nipples. 

Sharron started to open her jeans, and then peel them downwards. She stepped out of them, and stood back up, all she had on was a light purple thong. And it too looked sprayed on. Pat could even see that the small trimmed bush of Sharron’s pubic hair was red, and lightly visible through the almost sheer thong. Past knew that she wanted to also kiss and lick down there. It would be the first time she had ever tasted a woman, the first time she would lick, kiss and taste the wet and sweet juices of another female. Something that only recently did she realize that she wanted. It started with the movie she just happened to see on the cable channel, and was between two sexy women, one blonde, and one redheaded. And here in front of her was a redhead, who was even sexier than the one in the movie. Sharron had a fuller and firmer chest, her breasts were making Pat so wet., her thong, being slightly sheer allowed Pat to see that she had a nicely trimmed bush, and the hair was just slightly darker in color then the hair on her head.

Sharron then pulled down her thong, and as she stepped out of them Pat saw that the lips of her pussy were glistening with the moisture of her excitement. Sharron gently pushed Pat down to her knees, and then sat down on the couch with her legs spread wide apart. Sharron ordered Pat to kneel closer, to bend down and without touching her, to smell the excitement that was brewing inside her. Pat walked the three steps forward on her knees, leaned in and from about 4 inches away, inhaled deeply, smelling the woman’s honey, the fragrance of her pussy, the wet juices produced by her pussy. Pat was almost in heaven, when she looked to see that her boyfriend was sitting there watching her every move, watching her being ordered to do things by this woman. Pat was shocked when all of a sudden her head was pulled roughly towards Sharron’s pussy. Her nose rubbed sharply on the mons of this beautiful redhead. Pat’s lips firmly planted on the lips of Sharron’s sex. She inhaled again and realized that she had indeed found what she had fantasized about. She plunged her tongue down into the pussy at her mouth, she licked and tasted the juices of her first woman. She was experiencing an orgasm from just that first moment, she closed her eyes, and licked, sucked and continued to drink from that fountain of elixir at her mouth.

Pat was not only in heaven as she continued her assault on Sharron’s Pussy, but she was feeling her own wetness, her fluids of excitement as they ran down her own legs. She could feel the wetness running down her thighs. As she could feel Sharron grinding herself into Pat’s mouth, she knew that this might be the first time, but it wouldn’t be the last. And as she licked, sucked, nibbled and twirled her tongue around and around Sharron’s Pussy, and licked and nibbled on Sharron’s clit, she felt something behind her. Spreading her butt cheeks, pressing into her from behind. She knew by the touch of fingers on her own pussy, that her boyfriend was there behind her, he was playing with her lips, teasing her clit. And he pressed his mouth to her, and drank her juices as she drank from Sharron. This was just so much excitement for Pat, that she went over the edge, cumming like she had never done before. She was so hot, so excited, that she almost passed out. Her body weakened, and she dropped to the floor with the spasms of her orgasm, leaving her gasping for breath.

Her boyfriend released the restraints on her hands, and Sharron got up from the couch, rolled Pat over on her back and crawled across her body so that they were in a 69 position. Sharron attacked Pat’s pussy with what seemed like a vengeance, licking sucking, nibbling, trying to get every drop of ambrosia from pat’s pussy. Yes, Sharron too loved to drink that sweetness from a woman, and as she continued to pleasure Pat, Pat looked up and saw that delightful, wet, dripping pussy over her head, and she too went to work with her mouth, plastering her mouth tightly to the lips and clitoris of the sexy redhead above her. They locked themselves in this position for what seemed like hours, licking, sucking, biting, slurping and pleasuring each other. All the while, Pat’s boyfriend watched, and smiled.

After what seemed like hours, they rolled apart, and Pat turned to Sharron and kissed her on the mouth.. they kissed passionately, tasting each other on their lips, sharing the flavors of each other between them. As they kissed and licked each other faces clean, they lay there catching their breaths, and cuddling up after many orgasms each. Finally looking up and seeing Pat’s boyfriend sitting there watching them and smiling. He knew what Pat had wanted, he knew how to get it for her, and he had. And Pat loved him more for that. And she promised him then and there to please him forever. What Pat didn’t know was that he was not done pleasing her, that day or even that afternoon, there was more in store for her, and as she lay there in Sharron’s arms, he got up, and left the room. 

Pat and Sharron fell asleep in each other’s arms, and they napped.