 Ellie was dimly aware of rain pattering against the windowpane. She opened her eyes to an unfamiliar blue wall and navy sheets. Where am I, she wondered, realizing she was also naked. Oh yeah, she thought. I shacked with that guy after the party. What was his name again? Andy? Greg? Jim? No… something short, though, she was pretty sure. Jason, maybe. Yeah, that sounded right. He had been the one wearing the American flag jacket, if she remembered correctly. But, then again, given all the beer she’d had, anything was possible. 

She rolled over onto her back and discovered she was alone in a room that paid homage to the Stars and Stripes. Ellie felt relieved and closed her eyes again. The morning after was so awkward. But the problem was, she wasn’t exactly sure where he lived, and she didn’t have a car. He was going to have to take her home, or else she’d have to call one of her sorority sisters to come get her, and that would surely get her into hot water.

“Good morning, Beautiful.”

Ellie opened her eyes to see a guy wearing a blue robe and carrying a glass of orange juice and a bottle of aspirin. Yes, she was pretty sure his name was Jason, but she wasn’t sure why he was calling her ‘Beautiful.’ She knew she had to be quite a sight. Then again, maybe he couldn’t remember her name, either.

“I thought you might need this,” he said, handing her the glass and dumping two pills into her open hand. “It’ll help with the hangover.”

“Aside from being a little tired and woozy, I think I’m ok.”

“Trust me, you’ll thank me later.”

She shrugged and tossed the pills in her mouth, chasing them with a long drink of orange juice. It gave her a chance to study him without being obvious. He was maybe 5’8”, 165 lbs, give or take, and had short blonde hair and intensely green eyes. Not her usual type, but not all that bad looking.

“So tell me, Ellie, what time are you expected home?”

Okay, she thought. So he remembered her name. He got points for that.

“Well, you see, my sorority sisters are a bit, well… prudish. I imagine they think I should have driven back with them last night, and they’re probably horrified at the thought that I stayed with you instead, so I don’t suppose it matters when I get home. They’ll be upset either way.”

“Does that bother you?” he asked.

She paused before answering. “I suppose at one time it might have, but no, not anymore. So where am I?”

“At my house. My mom has breakfast ready, if you’re interested. She makes a mean Belgian waffle.”

His mother????!!! She was sick at the thought. What was he, twenty-two, twenty-three? And his mother was making breakfast for him and the girl he shacked up with? What kind of weird family was this?

“Don’t worry – she’s not one to judge. She knows I came home with someone, and she always makes a big breakfast on Sundays. If you’d rather, I can bring it up here. If you’re hungry, that is.”

“Um, thanks, but no. I’m not one for breakfast anyway.” She also wasn’t one to meet the parents of one-night stands, either.

“It’s okay. I understand. So, listen, if you need a bathroom, it’s the door on your right out there. I left some towels and stuff out for you. I think your clothes are over there on the chair. I’m going to grab something to eat and stay out of your way while you get freshened up. Holler if you need anything.” He leaned over, kissed her on the forehead, and left the room, presumably to go back downstairs.

This was just too weird for words, Ellie thought, as she drained the last of the orange juice and set the glass on the nightstand. He seduced her effortlessly, yet he was obviously an intellectual with good taste, if the well-worn copy of Les Miserables on the nightstand was any indication. She opened the cover to see JASON DANIELS neatly printed inside. The clock next to it said ten-thirty. 

          +++

Forty-five minutes later, after a bath in an ancient claw foot tub, Ellie was dressed in her clothes from the night before, jeans with a denim shirt over a white tank top. She didn’t see a blow dryer anywhere, so she left her long hair wet and tried to look human with the tiny bit of makeup she carried in her purse for emergencies. She dabbed on a little vanilla lip gloss and sighed. The morning after was so anti-climactic. The light of day certainly changed everything.

She heard a soft knock on the door.

“You doing ok?” he asked.

She opened the door. “Yeah, thanks. I’m fine. Just tired, is all.”

He smiled. Now she remembered why she had gone home with him. He had the sexiest smile, even when it wasn’t intentional. “It was quite a night, wasn’t it?”

“Look, Jason, I’m sorry,’ she said. “I have to admit that right now, I don’t remember a whole heck of a lot about last night.”

His face softened. “Hey, don’t worry about it. I didn’t have near as much to drink as you did, but I can assure you that I didn’t, I mean, uh, we, uh, that is….”

“We didn’t have sex?” Her voice was hopeful.

“Well, yes, we did. But what I was trying to say was, well, we didn’t do anything that you didn’t want to do. If that makes sense.”

“Okay…. So what exactly DID happen?”

“Why don’t you come in here and sit down. You look a little pale.” He led her out into the open area outside his bedroom and she sat beside him on a leather couch. Her heart was pounding and her mouth was dry. She wasn’t sure she wanted to hear the details of last night if it meant she had to sit down to hear it.

“Tell me what you remember,” he said, as he turned to face her.

“Well,” she began, “I remember playing ‘Asshole’ with a bunch of my friends and your frat brothers, and I remember you coming in pretty late. You sat across the table from me.”

“Yes, and you suggested we play ‘I Never’ when we finished playing ‘Asshole,’ and you played footsie with me,” he continued for her.

“Right, so we played ‘I Never,’ and I think we were the last two left in the game.” Her hazy memory began to clear a bit. “I said I was hot and needed to go get some air, and you followed me into the backyard, and I was leaning against a tree when you kissed me…” Her voice trailed off as she thought about that kiss. 

She had leaned against the tree because she suddenly felt dizzy, realizing she had had way too much to drink during that game of ‘I Never.’ She had never met anyone else who had done as many things as she had, and she couldn’t believe she had admitted doing some of the things she had, given all of her sorority sisters who were listening to them play. They’d be talking about her sex life for weeks behind closed doors, which was all she needed. 

And she was intrigued by his apparent experience in the arts of love, which was she had played a little footsie with him. It never hurt to let someone know you might be interested in getting to know them a little better, particularly when they seemed well-schooled in the arts of love.

He left her leaning against the tree while he went off to a dark corner to pee, and then walked back over to her, asking if she was ok. She was fine, she had told him, but was a little cold. He had kissed her then, ever so gently, cupping her face in his warm hands, their breath mingling in a ghostly fog. “I’ve never met anyone like you,” he said. She had felt butterflies in her stomach, and knew then that if he asked, she would spend the night with him.

“We went back inside after that,” she continued, “and sometime later we left.” She paused, not sure exactly how to continue. She was pretty sure they had left in a black Probe, and that they had kissed a lot on the drive to his house, but that was where her memory faded.

“We danced for awhile, and then we came here, to my mom’s house, and we went to bed. Together.” 

Ellie felt sick to her stomach. She put her head in her hands, her face hot with embarrassment, her mind racing, well aware of how capable she was of losing all inhibitions when she drank. She never danced, but that wasn’t the most shocking. Fuzzy images crowded her mind: him above her; her hair falling around her face like a curtain as she rode him; his kisses on her neck; her mouth on his penis; spooning with him, their bodies slick with sweat, their breathing in sync. 

Everything was so disconnected, yet so clear at the same time. She had sex with him, had been very wanton and almost whorish with him, the two of them rolling around on the bed, trying out every position they could think of and then some, and she had broken her number one cardinal rule. 

She had spent the night in his bed. Her heart sunk.

He put his arm around her and pulled her close. “What’s the matter? Something seems to be bothering you,” he said softly in her ear. She took a deep breath and discovered his cologne, a spicy, woody fragrance with a hint of vanilla. He smelled so good, she realized, and she was tempted to kiss him. She was shocked by how quickly kissing him came to mind, given her need to figure out where her friends were, what they knew about where she was, and how to get home. Her body tensed.

“My friends?” she asked. “The ones I came with to the party? Where do they think I am?”

He tipped her chin and looked into her eyes. “I thought you weren’t concerned about what they thought.” He smiled, and she relaxed almost immediately. Something about his smile made her trust him, which frightened her to some degree. 

“They know you’re with me. They were worried about you because they thought you had too much to drink and weren’t in any condition to make decisions about spending time with me. But I’ve known Casey for a while now. I assured her you were in good hands and I’d bring you back home today. Would you like to call her?”

She shook her head. She knew Casey had planned to stay in the city with her parents tonight, and she didn’t know the number. But if he had Casey’s ok to take her here, he had to be an okay guy. Casey was the one who set up this joint party with the Delta Chi guys, and her brother was a Delta Chi alum, so it had to be fine. She felt a strange sense of relief.

“So….” She said, not sure exactly what to say now.

“So….if you’re not hungry, we have a couple of options. You could sleep some more, or we could watch a movie, or I could take you home. It’s up to you.” He played with her hair as he talked, and she was having a hard time concentrating on what he was saying.

“I’m sure you have things to do today,” she said, focusing on the lamp beside his head. His green eyes were so intense, and she was finding it difficult to squash her desire to kiss him. Those eyes must have been a factor in her decision to come home with him last night. They had to be. That, and his incredibly tender kiss in the backyard. She got that funny feeling in her stomach just thinking about it. He was an incredible kisser, that much she remembered, and incredible kissers were few and far between these days.

“Actually, I don’t have anything planned. And as crazy as it may sound to you, I’d like to get to know you a little better before I take you back to Garden City. I thought we might order in Chinese and play a little backgammon.” She looked at him quickly.

“Backgammon? What makes you say that?” She loved the game but didn’t tell anyone for fear it might make people think she was nerdy.

“I mentioned it last night, and you said you loved to play. So do I.” She wasn’t quite sure what to say. It seemed she had shared quite a bit of information with this Jason, and she wasn’t sure why, other than that smile and those eyes and those kisses….

“I’m surprised you said Chinese, then. I can’t stand rice or vegetables.”

He laughed. “I know that too – I just didn’t want you to think you had shared all of your secrets with me last night. How about we order pizza instead?” He tucked her hair behind her ear, which felt strangely erotic to her.

“Sounds good. I think I might actually be hungry soon.”

He got up off the couch and headed toward the stairs, talking to her over his shoulder as he walked. She couldn’t help but notice his tight ass in his faded jeans. The boy had a nice body, which was certainly a bonus. “Why don’t you go grab the board and set it up – it’s in the cabinet over there in the corner – while I go get you some more juice and order pizza. Pepperoni ok?”

“It’s great. And Jason?”

“Yeah?”

“Thanks.”

“My pleasure, Beautiful,” he said, as he kissed her on the forehead before bouncing down the narrow stairs, two at a time. 

Beautiful…. She just couldn’t get over him calling her that. She had never been called beautiful before, and wasn’t sure what made him think it was an appropriate nickname for her. She sighed. Might as well go set up the board. Surprisingly, she was actually looking forward to lying around playing backgammon and getting to know him better. He seemed like a nice guy.

          +++

Three games of backgammon and two hours later, she leaned back in her beanbag chair and yawned. “Winning sure is exhausting,” she said as she stretched.

He had a funny little twinkle in his eye as he smiled at her. “Oh yeah?” he said. “I’m afraid I wouldn’t know.”

“You’re right, you wouldn’t.”

“I’m out of practice.”

“Sorry, not buying that excuse from you. You have good moves, but your strategy needs a little work.”

“My strategy, eh?” he said, as he pushed the board out of the way and crawled toward her.

“Yeah, your strategy sucks.” She grinned, enjoying the playful teasing that had been going on since they started playing.

“My strategy worked just fine last night, and you weren’t complaining about my moves then, either.”

“Oh, you had a STRATEGY last night? And just what did that consist of? Getting me drunk and taking me home so you could take advantage of me?”

“Given the ass-whipping you just put me through, I should say we’re even.”

“Maybe…”

He knelt over her, his face inches from hers. “So what do I owe you?”

“What do you owe me?” she repeated, not comprehending his question.

“I believe it was winner’s choice, if I’m not mistaken.”

She looked up at him, contemplating her choices and smiling.

“I can see your mind is filled with possibilities.”

She winked. “You know it, baby.”

“So what’ll it be?”

Before she could change her mind, she reached up and grabbed his shirt, pulling his lips to hers. “This…” she whispered, kissing him, running her tongue across his lips before sucking his lower lip into her mouth.

The kiss went on for what seemed like ages, and she found herself hoping it wouldn’t end. She found him irresistible, and although she couldn’t put her finger on why, she didn’t much care. He was sexy and funny and smart, and he was one hell of a kisser. And, if memory served her right, he was one hell of a lover as well. She fully intended to refresh that memory before she let him take her home.

He pulled away from her and smiled again.

“I think I like losing,” he said, as he stood up and held out his hand. “Come here. Let’s go somewhere a little more comfortable.”

She took his hand and he pulled her up. He put his arms around her, kissing her again, and in between kisses they undressed each other, leaving a trail of clothes on their way to his room.

After pushing back the American Flag comforter, Jason pulled her down on the bed beside him and took her in his arms, continuing to kiss her as his hand found its way between her legs, gently caressing and lightly touching her outer lips, building tension in her like she’d never experienced before. His mouth trailed kisses down her neck to her breast, his breath warm on her exposed flesh, taking her pale pink nipple into his mouth and cradling it with his tongue as he gently sucked.

Her legs parted, allowing him full access to that most secret and sensitive part of her as she moaned his name. She was powerless to do anything except lay there and let him explore her body in the pale afternoon sun that had broken through the clouds. His finger slipped inside her, caressing and stroking her as his thumb rubbed her sweet spot, his mouth on hers, breathing in her passion.

His kisses left her breathless, wanting him inside her but not wanting things to end too quickly. 

“You are so beautiful, Ellie. So incredibly beautiful….” He whispered in her ear as he gently sucked on her earlobe. 

Her hand found his penis, hard against her thigh, as he supported himself above her. She wrapped her hand around it and began to stroke it, loving the way he moaned against her lips in between kisses. “Yes, that’s it, baby, stroke it… mmmm…. oh baby….”

Ellie rolled them both over and straddled him, her lips tugging first on his nipples and then moving lower, moving her tongue in circles as she traveled the length of his chest and belly with her mouth. She knew the feeling of her warm tongue followed by the cool air would be a sensation he wouldn’t soon forget.

Jason pulled her around so she was facing his feet, opening her pussy for his mouth to explore. He wrapped his arms around her thighs and pulled her to him, bathing her nether lips with his hot breath. 

She held his hard penis up to her mouth, rubbing it over her closed lips, then letting just the tip of her tongue slip out to caress it. He slowly drew his tongue along her right lip, just barely touching the inner wetness that waited for him.

She slowly swirled her tongue around the head of his penis, savoring the salty-sweetness of his pre-cum before running her tongue from the base of his cock up to the head in one long, swift stroke. He ran his tongue along the length of her clitoris before sucking it into his mouth and flicking it firmly with his tongue, causing her to moan out loud.

Ellie quickly engulfed his whole shaft into her mouth, sucking gently and swirling her tongue around it as she slowly withdrew it from her mouth. She waited a heartbeat, and then repeated the maneuver, feeling his balls tighten up as she flicked the head of his penis before releasing it from her mouth. He plunged two fingers into her pussy and captured her clit between his teeth, holding it prisoner while he stroked it rapidly with his tongue, his fingers sliding in and out of her wet tunnel. She felt the wetness begin to flow, running down her thighs as he made love to her with his mouth. She had to have him inside her. Now. 

She tried to pull away from him but he sat her down firmly on his face as his tongue continued to assault its prisoner, her highly sensitive clit. She surrendered, her hands coming up to hold her breasts and pinch her nipples while he led her down the path toward orgasm.

Ellie’s head fell back as her contractions began, her hips bucking his face, trying to take more of his fingers inside and increase the pressure on her clit. He held her hips still, forcing her to accept the pleasure he was giving her, and she cried out, giving in to the flow of pleasure that was centered in her loins.

She rolled off of him once her orgasm subsided, pulling him on top of her and wrapping her legs around him as he entered her with one swift thrust. She grunted, his cock stretching her in spite of the wetness still leaking from her pussy. He kissed her, and she reveled in the taste of her passion on his lips, his tongue mimicking the thrusts of his cock in her cunt. Her hand slipped down to stroke herself, hoping she might be able to squeeze out one more orgasm before he finished.

All too soon, she felt his cock expanding and he was cumming, saying “Here it is, take it all…all….” And she felt him spurting his semen deep into her womb, thrusting a few last, sharp thrusts that pushed her over the edge once more.  She came so hard she saw stars, not entirely sure if they were the result of her orgasm or if they were pasted on the ceiling.

He collapsed on top of her, breathing hard, kissing the hollow of her collarbone before rolling off her.

After a few minutes of recovery time, he rolled back over to her, pulling her close to him. Her ass was cradled in his pelvis as she faced away from him, watching the rain slide down the window again, listening to the thunder in the distance. He stroked her copper hair and kissed the back of her neck.
