 You call me after dinner; say you miss me and want to see me. Your deep, whiskey voice caresses the nerves in my ear. I invite you to come over. I agree to a time, then frantically tidy the house up. Before I can change into some sexy lingerie, you are knocking on my door. I open it, and smile at you. You reach out, hook a finger into my tank top. You draw me to you. "I love the soft fabric," you murmur.

I lift my head up, reach up on my tippy toes, and place my lips against yours. You return my kiss, deepening it. Your arm wraps around me, pulling me closer. I feel the possessiveness in your embrace. You hold me close to you. I wrap my arms around your neck, and snuggle my body against yours. You pick me up, walk forward, and shut the door with your foot. I hear the lock snick, softly.

You release my lips. I slide down your hard body. Your hand grasps my chin. You tilt my face towards yours. "Do you want it rough or soft?" Intelligent hazel eyes search my own dark blue eyes, turning a forest green as desire ignites. 

"Tonight, I want you, and all that entails." My reply comes from my soul.

Your hand slides down to my neck. I feel the strength in your restraint as your fingers wrap themselves around my throat. "So be it." Your words reach my ears on a growl, and my body shivers in response. 

You let go of my neck, and walk to my couch. You stop in front of it, making sure that my attention is focused on you, then strip your clothes off. As each piece slides off your body, my own grows hotter, wanting to wrap itself around you. "I don't have a problem tearing those clothes off you." I shake my head, and quickly get undressed.

You sit down on my couch, relaxing into it. Your legs spread apart. "Come, show me how much you want me." You say it gently, but I know that it is a command. I come to you, placing myself between your legs, then kneel before you. 

Your cock is partially soft. I am able to get your head to the back of my throat easily. I massage it with the muscles in my throat. As it gets harder, I ease back from it, licking and suckling as I go. I trace the veins with my tongue, then drag my tongue along the underside of the shaft. I suck on your head gently. I pull my head back and blow cool air over it. 

Your body gives a shiver in response. You put your hands in front of you. "Come here." I place my hands in yours, and I rise up from my knees. You grin at me, wickedly. "I want you to run." Your head comes forward, and you snap your teeth at me.

Adrenaline hits. I run up the stairs. You are right on my heels. I pass through my bedroom door, and leap onto my bed. I land on my knees. I feel the bed give way under your weight. You pull my knee out from under me, and I roll onto my back. You are on top of me, straddling me. I try to push you off. You laugh at me, then pin my wrists to the bed with one of your big bear paws.

My chest heaves from the effort of trying to fight you. Your free hand wraps around my breast. You lower your head and suckle my nipple. My back arches, pressing me against your mouth. You suck harder, and I cry out in ecstasy and frustration. 

Your head pulls away. You sit up, and lean back against the wall. You place your hands in front of you. "Stand up." I balance myself on your hands, and stand on the bed. "Place your hands against the wall." I lay my hands flat against the wall. "Don't worry, I won't let you fall." 

Your hands move between my thighs, palm my cheeks, and your thumbs spread me apart. I hear you inhale deeply and sigh. I feel your warm breath on my sensitive skin. I gasp as I feel your mouth cover me. Your tongue pushes its way into me, as your mouth sucks on me. Your facial hair abrades my skin, making me more sensitive. 

Your mouth is voracious, and coaxes my pussy to water. Your tongue swirls little whorls up and down my flesh. Every time you suck on my clit, you draw more moisture from me. The noises you make ratchet my arousal up another notch. My hips try to move against you wanting more, but you hold me in place. "Patience." I grit my teeth, trying to bring myself under submission. Your technique is languid. It builds and stokes a fire inside of me. 

My knees start to shake. You pull your face away from me, and I whimper at the loss of your mouth. You place your hands on my hips, gently guiding me down to me knees. My hands frame your face. I kiss you, tasting myself in your mouth. The sensation is heady, and I want more.

You grab the back of my head, holding me in place. I feel you slip a finger into me with your other hand. It feels good as it explores me. I gasp against your mouth as you insert a second. Your fingers stretch me as they play with me. I roll my hips against them wanting more. "Patience," I hear you say.

You disengage my mouth. You pull my hair down so that I have no choice, but to follow your lead. When my back is against the mattress, you pin me down by my hip, and suck on my clit as you finger me. I feel close to coming. You feel my body start to tighten around your fingers, then you withdraw them. I want to sob my frustration.

"Roll over. Ass up in the air." I roll to my knees, lay down on my chest, and do as I am instructed. I feel your fingers spread my lips apart. You rub your head against my entrance teasing me, and spreading my wetness all over your cock. My fingers claw into the mattress. I try to push my hips backwards, but your hands clamp down on them. "Patience," you growl at me.

Your cock pushes its way into me, and I groan in pleasure. I have been waiting for this. This feeling of invasion, of being a sheath for your shaft. You stroke me slowly, but shallowly. When I try to push my hips against you, you grab my hair. You pull me back towards you. "What's the matter? Do you want more of my cock?" 

I shudder as my back arches towards you. "Yes," I force out through gritted teeth. Your arm comes around my chest. You drag me upwards against you. You push my hair to the side baring my neck. I feel your breath in the hollow of my clavicle. Your knees push mine wider apart. I feel your hand spread my lips apart, then you are thrusting into me. 

Long, deep strokes plunging in and out of me. I arch my back against your chest, and wrap my arm around your neck for purchase. I tilt my hips, so that your cock sweeps against my nerves. I love the feelings of your veins brushing against my most sensitive flesh. My body tightens around you as you stroke deeper. I'm so close. I hold my breath, waiting for that last bit of friction to take me over the edge.

"Patience." Even as you grit the words out, I hear your own struggle.

Your hands push me forward onto all fours. Your hands clamp down on my hips. You drive yourself into me, while you slam my hips back into you. I am incredibly wet, and my pussy gorges itself on your cock. My body tightens each time my clit is scraped against your balls. 

"Please!" I cry out on a sob. You slam me backwards, just grinding your hips into me. My muscles latch onto you, and an orgasm rips through me. You resume your pace. The pounding force drives my first into my second. I feel your cock engorge itself inside me, then my body has a third as I feel your hot seed flooding me.

I feel your weight rest on my body, and your arms wrap around me holding me close to you. My body shivers as you press kisses against my heated skin. I drag air deep into my lungs fighting being lightheaded. As I go under, I feel you roll onto your back, taking me with you. Your arms hold me safe in your embrace as I float on an orgasmic high.

I try to focus my thoughts, but I can only hear you say "Patience."