 This is a true account of the most thrilling, passionate moment of my entire life! Names, and locale, has been changed to protect my family, myself, and most especially..."Patience"! Unfortunately, circumstance did not allow for a happy ending to this story, but for one brief, exhilarating period, she and I shared a mutual desire that is rare by any standard! Please...enjoy!

Finally! The end of another school year! The end of this one though, would bring blessed solace at last! Patience was graduating, and I would finally be rid of her daily presence! For three long years, I had been tormented daily by her incredible face and body! Three years of avoiding her every attempt to disrupt my class, and my libido! From the very start I was drawn to her sweet sexy body, and personality! As thick as I was, it didn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that she was turned on to me as well!

So...what's the fucking problem, you ask? I was her teacher! She had enrolled in the schools honors program, fully intent on pursuing a university education. It was my job to see to it she reached that goal, or not! No, I wasn't some holier-that-thou, above-it-all, anally retentive asshole! I'm actually a very human male, twenty-three, at the time we first met, single, and every bit as libidinous as any ten cum-addicted sixteen year old boys!

So...you ask again...just what is the fucking problem? Well...I had ethics...I needed the job...and most importantly...she was a ball-busting 30/30 honey (30" of bliss = 30 yr. in the state pen!) I actually told her, and a few of her more precocious girl friends exactly that! Did I mention I had ethics...?

So...you inquire once more (pretty fucking nosy aren't you?), just what is it about this particular little nymph-in-waiting that set so many of my bodily systems on high alert? Here's a short, but eye-popping, run down:

1) 5'4"

2) 105 luscious pounds

3) 34-22-34 (don't ask)

4) Luxurious, long, straight, bright, copper colored hair

5) Flawless, porcelain complexion

6) Big, wide, shimmering, liquid, emerald colored eyes

7) Full luscious lips meant to be kissed unendedly and undeniably created to wrap around a big stiff dick! Preferably...MINE!

And therein lies the real problem I faced for three long, nut pounding years! It was a pattern played out over and over again! Class time with her...she'd flash a thigh or two...wait for final bell...ZOOM...home, a chicken choke, and a damn cold shower anyway! Next day...she'd fire a beaver shot over my bow...wait for final bell again (Sometime I didn't make it though!)...ZOOM...ah fuck you get the picture! There were times she made my dick so fucking hard I actually thought I could hammer ten-penny nails with it! What utter mind-blowing, agonizing torture!

But...I made it! I persevered in the face of over-whelming odds! It was the last day. Grades had been posted! And I was preparing for a very well deserved exit out of Dodge! I had been loping my mule, and buying love in all the wrong places for far too long! Yeah...I had dates from time to time as well, but the little tarts face and body would always find a way to intrude in my mind and fuck with it big time! Now, blessedly, the time was nigh, and I was nearly home free...or so I thought!

I was preparing to close my brief case at last when I heard that drippingly sweet voice one more time! "Mr. Jackson, can I talk to you for a second?"

I looked up, and did a triple take! She was standing there, leaning carelessly against the inside of my classroom door, wearing her favorite lavender/yellow spandex work out suit. Form fitting...cock twisting...nut crunching...heaven on Nike wheels! Holy Mother of God above! Suddenly, I became aware that I was about to rip a fucking hole right through the front of my brand new Docks! I did the only thing I could...I sat down and slammed my briefcase down...hard...on my "lap"! God it hurt good! To cover my obvious discomfiture, I began messing about some paperwork I still had strewn on my desk! When I finally found my voice, I sounded like a 12 year-old going through the change!

"Yes Patience, what is it?" I barely croaked. "I'm a little busy here!" Yeah...like how the fuck am I going to keep you from seeing my steel hard dick?

"School's out Mr. Jackson! Could you please call me Patty? All my friends do...unless..."

"Unless what, Patience?"

God! She could look sooo sweet and endearing! The perfect stereotypical image of the shy, demure, and completely innocent, teenage schoolgirl! You know...the one that looked like Ann-Margaret, but acted like Pollyanna? If anything, this truer image of her made my libidinous state even worse! Why the hell did she have to be so damn likable?

"Unless...you don't want to be my friend...!"

Friend? My mind shrieked! If she could read my mind, she'd be calling 911 right now! My heart felt like it was about to blow out through the end of my dick! Please God, I silently prayed, please give me the strength to get through these final moments!

"OK...Patty," I said offering a hand, "...I'm not your teacher anymore...so...I suppose we can be real friends now..." Biiiig fucking mistake!

As I let go of my brief case to shake her hand...three years of hiding the truth came disastrously unraveled! The case went crashing loudly to the floor, throwing its contents everywhere, and revealed the tented front of my pants to her winsome teenage eyes! I grabbed the arms of my chair thinking that with enough mental effort I could somehow will away my massive hard-on! Out of the corner of my eye I could see that she was starting to breath really hard, and her eyes...were as big as saucers! I nearly came in my pants like one of her pimple-faced sixteen year-old boyfriends when I saw her sweet little pink tongue slip wetly across her moistened lips! This is it! I thought. She's going to bolt and scream all the way to the principles office! She turned, and moved slowly to the door...closed it...locked it...we were alone...together...OH GOD!! Still standing with her back to me, I heard her voice...very low...but very clear...causing the light hair on the back of my neck to swirl and tickle!

"Steven...?"

Oh shit...Oh shit...Oh shit...Oh shit...

"I'm not a...30/30 anymore...I turned 18 three weeks ago!"

Oh fuck...Oh fuck...Oh fuck...Oh fuck...

She was so calm! I'm going fucking crazy, and she was the picture of complete and utter tranquility! I could feel the heat building as she slowly walked up behind me. Then I felt my chair moving away from the mess I made, and with one brisk motion, she swiveled me around to face her! Leaning forward, she covered my sweating hands with her small warm palms. I then felt her manicured nails digging deliciously into my wrists! I was the closest I had ever been to her, and my breathing was becoming more ragged and labored! More than ever, I could smell her wondrous female scent emanating from the slightly open portion of her work out top! The hint of cleavage she was showing me was rapidly sending me into a state of total pheromone induced nirvana! Her face was so damn close to mine! Her lips were there for the taking! Her mouth was open slightly, and I could see a tiny drop of saliva at the corner of her beautiful lips just begging to be licked! Just...come...closer...yes...yes...She brushed her heated lips across mine once...twice...a third time...Back...and...forth...Back...and...forth! I was past going nuts! She's eighteen! Where did she learn this stuff? Suddenly, she was backing away from me, stopping only a few feet away. I was about to realize a whole new meaning of the term nirvana! Very...slowly...she began a very sensuous strip! First came her shoes...then socks...then...oh fuck...she began to slowly unzip the front of her work out top, smiling hotly all...the...way! I couldn't help gasping loudly as her incredible breasts sprung, sweetly, into full view! They weren't too big...or too small...Sweetly perky, with the most delectable, suckable, pink nipples I had ever seen in my life! Just as suddenly, she leaned back towards me, and began the same maddening motion against my trembling lips! Mindlessly, I cupped her soft, smooth tits, catching each nipple between frantic, scissoring fingers! I felt, and heard a soft mewing sound escape her throat! I couldn't stand it anymore! I stood, still mauling her breasts, and kissing her lips, and managed to shed my suit jacket and tie, in one swift smooth motion! She broke the kiss long enough to open my shirt, nearly ripping it off me! Suddenly we were mashing our bodies together, naked from the waist up for the very first time! I took complete possession of her mouth, slicing my tongue deep into her sweet mouth! My cock was harder than it had ever been! As if reading my mind, she snaked her hand down to press and stroke against my throbbing manhood! How I kept from blowing a massive load of cum into my BVD's right then and there, I will never know! No sooner had I felt her touch, I felt her other hand pulling desperately at the belt of my trousers! We were both frantic to get my pants off me! When she had finally worked them to the floor, she stopped...and just stood there staring at the bulge in my shorts! Not a word had been spoken for several minutes! I finally reached and cupped her chin, forcing her eyes to mine.

"What is it Patty? What's wrong?" I was afraid she was about to panic and run! God help me...I probably wouldn't have let her!

"I...I've never done anything like this before! I mean...I've seen a boys...cock before, and even touched it, but..."

"But," I interrupted, "You've never gone all the way?"

When she shook her head in the affirmative, I was stunned beyond words! All these years I had thought she was the hottest most experienced girl in the whole school! She did things to me that only an experienced woman would think of! She couldn't be this innocent virginal creature she claimed to be! No matter...I would soon find out!

"Pull them down love," I whispered huskily, "let me show you what you've been doing to me all these years!"

With shaking hands she pushed my briefs down to gather with my pants! She was now eye level with my full, ready, nine inches of super-heated meat! "Oh...my...God...!" I could barely hear her whisper! The look of wonder, and pure lust in her face nearly sent me over the edge! I didn't even have to tell her what to do next! Her tongue suddenly snapped out and snagged a small drop of pre-cum that had appeared at the bloated purple tip of my pulsating phallus! She contemplated the flavor for only a second or two before completely engulfing my cock right up to my pubic hair! Gagging slightly, she retreated, only to plunge back over my pulsing dick again, and again, and again, sucking and licking feverishly, mindlessly, frantically trying to pleasure me as best she could! I was about to pass out from her sweet oral ministration! The pleasure I was experiencing was beyond describing with mere words! Inexperienced she was, but if eagerness was an equal measure, then she had, so far, performed way above the curve! My legs were turning into silly putty! 

"Baby," I groaned loudly, "I've gotta sit down or I'm gonna fall down!" I felt her hand against my stomach, literally pushing me back down in to the chair, the back banging up against the heavy desk. During the entire move, she never took those wonderful lips off my bursting dick! And burst it was about to do!

"Oh Jeez Patty! I'm almost there! You can swallow or not! Your choice baby...your...OH SHIIIIIT HEEERE...IIIIT...CUUUUUMMMMSSSS!!!!!

Three years of mindless frustration came firing in to her surprised mouth, blasting down her throat in one...two...three...seven massive loads of rocket propelled cum! She fought valiantly for every last drop! I felt another agonizing buzzing against the exploding head of my cock, as I came to the realization that she had been feverishly sawing away at her own pussy with her fingers, and had cum at almost the same moment as I had, and was literally screaming her own climax over my exploding penis! For several seconds, we sat just staring at one another, seemingly lost to the incredible moment! After regaining what was left of my composure, I reached down, removed my shoes, kicking the rest of my clothes under my desk. I then stood up. She was still on her haunches, watching my movements closely with heavy lust filled eyes!

"God you're so beautiful," she gasped. Tears began streaming down her beautiful face! "I've wanted you for so long! Have I really affected you like that all this time?"

Pulling her to her feet, I looked deeply in to her beautiful green, moistened eyes.

"Think about all the times that you and I were within 100 feet of one another, and that's the number of times that I wanted to tear your clothes off and fuck you until you screamed for me to stop! Does that answer your question?"

I didn't give her a chance to reply! I pulled her into my arms, crushing her soft breasts against my chest, and began kissing her face, her eyes, her cheeks, her ears, and her lips. over and over and over, causing her to sigh and moan continuously! Suddenly I picked her up, shoved all the remaining stuff off my desk, and laid her atop the large polished wood surface!

I then began the process of kissing, licking, sucking, and tasting every inch of her incredibly sexy body! In no time I had her moaning and thrashing under my eager tongue! I licked and sucked against the sexy hollow of her throat. I then slid down wetly and began licking and sucking her sweet, perky breasts until she was squirming and squealing in mindless pleasure! I began nibbling lightly at her nipples, careful not to cause too much pain, but creating just enough to bring her arching up off the desktop! I then tried with all might to take a whole tit into my mouth, while continuing to pinch and maul the other!

"Oh my God," she shouted hoarsely, "Some...something is hap...happening...my pussy! Steven...your sucking my titties...is making me CUUUMMMMMMM!!! OOOOOHHH!!!"

I was elated! To intensify the effect, I suddenly stuffed my hand into the front of her tights and found her drenched slit for the first time! I then began to rub furiously at her large clit with the butt of my thumb, while slipping one, then two fingers into her sweet overflowing gash! The effect was like a thermo-nuclear bomb going off in her body! I had to literally cover her mouth with my free hand to keep her from alerting the rest of the building as to what we were doing! She was in over-drive as she came again, and again! Finally, I extracted my hand, and watched her slowly come down from the most explosive series of orgasms I had ever had the pleasure to witness! The stark white of her luscious skin awash in the pink blush of her after-glow, was a sight that could only have been repeated in my wildest fantasies! I liked the reality much better!

"That," she breathed heavily, "was simply incredible Steven! What did you do to me?"

I leaned in and kissed her lips softly, and then repeated the move on the nipple of each breast! I felt her suddenly shiver, as my lips touched hypersensitive regions! My God, I thought, she was a hot one! Did I really expect anything else?

"I didn't do anything love...you did," I laughed, "I was just along for the joy of the ride!"

"Oh sure," she laughed, still shaking, "I've never felt like this with any boy!"

I then began to lay wet, hot kisses all over her sweet, silky, hard belly! I felt her tense, and then with a quiet sexy moan, relax completely. I looked up and gazed lustfully in to her fevered eyes!

"Well my dear," I crooned seductively, "therein lies the real difference, then! A boy...I'm not!"

I began sucking and slurping along the edge of her tights, causing her to gasp and squirm uncontrollably! Going with a sudden wild notion, I took the top of her tights carefully between my teeth, raised up her hips, and pealed them over her hips and on to the floor! Just like her top, she wasn't wearing any underwear down there either! Finally...we were both completely naked!

For a minute, all I could do is just stare down at her in complete awe! The late afternoon sun was casting an ethereal light against the alabaster surface of her flawless naked skin! She didn't look real, but the urgency of her voice was all too real!

"Please Steven," Patty whispered plaintively, "please make sweet love to me!"

"Would you like for me to lick your pussy now, Patty?" She raised up to get a better look, her body flushed and totally alive! I watched as her nostrils flared and her breathing quickened at hearing my lustful question. As an unnecessary inducement, I suddenly flicked my tongue out and swiped against her swollen clit! She nearly came off the table! So...I did it again...harder! "Oh God...!" she whispered. Again...harder still! Lost now in her lust, Patty fell back heavily on my desk, raising her hips against my mouth!

"Oh yes Steven, please suck my pussy! Eat the hell out of it! Oh God...please...just put out the fire!"

Put out the fire? Poor innocent child! She had no idea that I was about to throw gasoline on it! I then dove into her spasming snatch with a relish I had never known before! It was all I could do to keep her from bucking me out the window! I reached down at my feet, found my underwear, and tossed it up to her! To my amazement, she began stuffing it in her mouth! What a sight that was! And what a fucking turn-on as well! As if I needed an incentive! I was absolutely unmerciful! I ravaged her pulsating cunt with my mouth, tongue, and teeth, until all I could hear was one loud, long, muffled scream, and all I could taste was a continuous gushing stream of sweet girl cum! I felt her long, strong, athletes legs wrap around my head and neck, pulling me in as close as she could get me! It felt like she was trying with all her might to pull me inside her! All this time my hard-on had long since returned with great gusto, and was craving to take this fuckfest to a new, even more mind-blowing level! As if on cue, I heard, and felt Patty inhale a huge gulp of cleansing air!

"Steven! No more please! I'm going to pass out if you don't stop! My poor little pussy won't stop twitching!"

I couldn't help grinning widely! I was just amazed by this sweet girls reactions! So fucking sweet and so innocent! Now was the time to take her in to the world of women! I almost regretted it...Almost! I wasn't about to let her come down from the high I had taken her so far! Reaching for her legs, I pulled her butt closer to the edge of the table! Raising her up, I placed my waded up shirt and coat under her to get at her sweet pussy better!

"I'm going to fuck you now Patty!" I announced. "That's what you want, isn't it?"

"Oh yes Steven...For so damn long!" she cried, "But...I'm not on the pill...I'm sorry!"

"Shush," I said kissing her lips lovingly, "No problem! Just lay back and relax!"

With that I began working one finger in to her super-heated vagina. She was so wet, getting another finger in was no problem at all! She was thrashing and writhing around in no time! Her sweet moaning reached an even higher crescendo as I managed to insert a third finger! I then began an up and down/back and forth motion, intent on finding one thing...her G-spot! When she finally screamed and nearly broke my fingers, I knew I had struck paydirt! It was about two inches inside and up, just behind her clitoris. Her pussy was flowing continuously now, and it was now apparent that she was very ready! Grasping my turgid member, I began to rub it sensuously against the entire length of her slit! Without warning I plopped just inside her quaking pussy! She jumped! 

"You know this will hurt at first...don't you sweetheart?"

His sweet caring words caused Pattys tears to run once more. Then the words came, suddenly rushing into her throat and out of her mouth before she could stop them!
