 Makayla came home a little sore from sitting hunched over her workstation. Her large brown eyes were tired from staring at the computer screen, and she rubbed the dryness back into them. Her latest project, a logo for a coffee house had to be revised... again. But that was something to take care of tomorrow. Right now all she wanted was a stiff drink and a call from her boyfriend. Makayla scuffled across the floor of her well kept apartment, mechanically dropping her purse in the dining room chair and her coat across the back of the sofa. She opened the refrigerator and peered inside. She brushed an unruly lock of dark hair out of her eyes before locking in on a bowl of pasta salad.

It was cold and bland, but it was food she didn't have to cook. Makayla turned on the television simply for the noise. She didn't know what channel she was on, nor did she even pay attention to the flashing images. After she finished her bowl, she dropped it in the sink and then went down the short hall to her small bedroom. The room held little more than her four post bed, her dresser, a reading chair, and her bedside chest. Long, floor to ceiling curtains blocked the drafts from the windows. She undid her ponytail and shook her hair loose before noticing the single red rose on her bed.

A red ribbon formed a bow around the flower, and a long end draped over the bed. Makayla traced the line with her fingers and found a small velvet box. She held it in her hand: it wasn't a necklace or jewelry box, the shape was wrong. It didn't worry her that this mysterious package was in her apartment; she knew who it was from. Makalya pulled the bow loose and flipped open the box. It contained two things: a folded letter and an opaque black silk scarf.

The note read in a strong, masculine script:

Makayla, Rest your eyes tonight.  -A

She looked at the note and then let the dark silk glide over her hand as she took it from the box. Makayla read the note again this time aloud.

"What does he mean...?" she asked.

A low, soft whisper purred in her ear. She recognized his voice immediately and her heart skipped. It was her lover, Andrew: "I mean..." He wrapped his arms about her shoulders and took the scarf from her hands. He gently wrapped the dark fabric over Makayla's eyes as he spoke. "...rest your eyes."

Andrew secured the scarf with a firm bow before letting his hands glide down Makayla's neck and shoulders. Her mouth fell slightly open and a coo escaped her as she felt his hands slide around her and began to unbutton her blouse. He slide her shirt open and wrapped his rough hands around her tender breasts. He savored the feel of her lacy bra and the firmness of her flesh in his hands for a moment. Andrew leaned down and kissed Makayla behind her ear. She gasped once more and let out a breathless mew. Her hands drifted back and glided up and down his naked sides.

"Oh, Andrew..." she cooed as her body heat rose.

"Shhh," was all she heard in response.

Makayla curled her lower lip in and gnawed on it as she felt the delight of her boyfriend's hands on her breasts. She felt his hot breath on her neck and nuzzled into his broad chest. She was completely blind, but lost in the sounds and the feel of her surroundings. Andrew pulled his hands away, leaving her body aching for more, but she felt her blouse slide from her shoulders and heard it drop to the floor. Andrew looped his hands around Makayla's waist and undid the fastenings of her slacks before sliding them down her legs. She curled her fingers into the waistband of her lacy panties only to have her hands squeezed to a stop.

"Be still. Be patient."

All Makayla wanted was to rip off the blindfold and tear off her clothes, but she fought back the urge as Andrew guided her out of her slacks. His hands dragged along her smooth, bare legs as he stood, exciting her skin. She felt his fingertips play along her waist and hook her panties. His lips pressed against the small of her back and the bristles of his goatee delightfully brushed on her increasingly sensitive skin. Meanwhile, he pulled her panties down her thighs. 

Makayla let out a long slow sigh.

Andrew guided her to the bed and laid her across the sheets. He caressed her chin, her jaw, and ran his thumb along her collarbone. She arched her back, hoping he'd fondle her breasts once more, but instead she felt the softness of the rose petals to her lips. The light, sweet fragrance filled her nostrils, and she felt the rose trace along her body: down her throat, brushing down her cleavage, and then circling her nipples. She arched her back even more as her already erect nipples became even harder. A low moan escaped her lips as Andrew continued to caress her with the bud of the flower. Makayla rose up on her arms as she felt the flower glide along her thighs. Her body felt like it was on fire, and her sex grew more and more moist with each passing second. Andrew kissed her lips and laid her back across the bed.

"Oh my God," she purred in his ear, "I need to feel you inside me!"

"Patience, Makayla."

Andrew kissed her again. Then he kissed each of her nipples before kissing her navel. Makayla threw her legs wide open as he kissed her mons and then the insides of her thighs. A spark shot through her body as Andrew pressed his lips to her labia and began to tongue her seeping opening. Her hands brushed back his hair and played with her breast as he lapped against her sex. A soul wrenching moan escaped her lips as Andrew deftly caressed each sensitive zone of her sex with his lips and tongue. She rolled her hips to his rhythm, writhing in sheer bliss. Synapses popped in her brain like firecrackers until she could barely hang on. She demanded his sex, then she yearned, and soon she begged for him to enter her.

"Oh God," she pleaded. "Please, Andrew! Oh God I want you!"

Andrew smiled and rolled her to her belly. He lifted her hips and slid his engorged manhood against her sopping wetness. She mewed like a cat in heat for him and then sucked in her breath. He entered her. Her sex accepted him readily and soon he rolled his hips against her. Makayla grasped handfuls of the bed sheets and pleaded with him to take her. Hard. Fast.

He readily accepted.

His hips crashed hard against her rear, filling her ears with the sounds of their mutual grunts and the powerful wet sounds of sex. She was at a boiling point and as he raked his hands down her spine, she exploded. Her body hardened as she lost herself in the throws of a powerful orgasm. Her sex gripped his member tightly, before Makayla went limp.

Andrew held her fast and resumed using her. Makayla gasped and steadied herself, enjoying this second, even more furious round of sex. He grunted hard, building up to his own release, and soon, just before she became raw, he erupted in her. Another wave of orgasm wracked Makayla's body and she dropped her head to the bed, utterly spent.

Andrew panted as he laid down next to her and wrapped his arms around her body. They molded their bodies together, and fell fast asleep.

Makayla slept happily: her body pressed to Andrew, her sex flowed with their mixed orgasms, and her eyes rested under the black silk scarf.