 We've been chatting online for years. I want to meet him so badly...

I can't actually believe that you're finally coming for a visit. After talking and joking about it for years, although it has been a lot more frequent recently, you're finally here. I really don't think I can wait much longer, I want you so badly. 

I'm meeting you at a bar near my house, we both know what each other looks like, but I still want to dress up for you, make you want me even more. I know you love my ass, the amount of times I've watched you touch yourself while looking at a picture of it I can't even count anymore, but it turns me on no end. So I wear a red dress, its tight on my ass, pencil cut, with a square neckline, that shows just a hint of cleavage. I have my long dark brown hair down and loose, it falls past my shoulders. My eyeliner is flicked out at the corners, highlighting my big, bright green eyes. My skin looks more tanned than usual, which I think is down to the red dress. I slip on some black patent leather stilettos and I'm ready to go.

I spot you straight away as I walk into the bar. It's crowded but you're sitting in the far corner in a little booth away from everyone. You hold my eye as I walk across the room, but I head for the bar instead and order a large white wine and a beer for you.

I carry them both over to you. You stand as I approach you stand. There's an awkward moment where neither of us know what to do, we've never met up with someone online before. I look up at you, even with my heels on you're taller than me. I smile nervously and bite my lip; you smile back at me and give me a hug, your hands sliding over my back leaves tingles across my skin. I wrap my arms around your neck. 

As we pull back you smile at me 'So you're actually here.' I say, dying to kiss you and I can see the twinkle in your dark blue eyes as you flick your eyes over me. You give me a kiss on the cheek and murmur in my ear 'I'm actually here'.

Your breath on my neck is almost enough to make me moan. And that's when I know that you're not going to give in to me that easily. You're going to spend all night teasing me, not letting me touch you. 

We sit, I slide in the little booth first and you're in next to me, blocking my way out. Not that I mind, I can't think of any reason why I would want to leave. As I look over at you, your blonde hair pushed back out of your eyes, your broad shoulders, muscular, tanned arms and strong, large hands round your pint, I'm not surprised to realise I'm a little wet.

We start to chat, about nothing really. We already know so much about each other, little things like how your drive up was, how long it took you. By now I'm on my second glass of wine and I'm feeling much more confident; we're sitting closer together, our thighs touching, I'm leaning into you more now, occasionally grazing your thigh with my hand. 

You get up to buy us another drink and when you come back there's something different about you. You carry on talking about nothing, but you hand has strayed to the tip of my thigh. You leave it there a while, just stroking my soft skin. I'm finding it hard to concentrate properly, this is the first time you've touched me since the hug. I know that I am a lot more than just a little wet now. 

Your hand slides round, now stroking my inner thigh. Your fingertips tiptoe up my thigh. I stare up at you; my eyes wide, mouth open as your fingers find the sheer lace of my panties and drag your fingers up and down. You smile slightly and I know you can feel my wetness seeping out.

You gaze back into my eyes, 'something wrong?' 

'I, uh, no?'

'Good,' You smile. 'Have you had anything to eat? I'm quite hungry I didn't really get a chance to eat anything on the drive down.'

I still can't really answer as your fingers slip under the side of the lace and slip into the folds of my hot wetness. I gasp as your finger runs over my swollen clit. You circle round, increasing the pressure and speed, all the while talking to me. I know you want me to pretend it's not happening and carry on talking but I can't. I can feel it building up I want to wildly buck my hips against your hand, make you go faster and harder but I can't. Instead you slow down, lazily rolling my clit between your fingers. You're still gazing into my eyes running on about something but I have no idea what, all I want to do it come. I start squirming around in the seat, making your finger run over me quicker. You smile at me as I whimper a little and push harder onto you. But you're pulling away, sliding out of my panties and I groan in frustration. I'm hornier than ever now, and I watch you run your finger that is glistening in the light with my juice down my thigh and raise it to your lips, sucking it all off. 

Its then that you lean down and press your lips against mine, softly kissing me. I run my tongue along your lower lip and you push your tongue into my mouth, roughly now, sliding it against mine, I can taste myself on you, as seemed to be your intention. You suck my tongue and suck on lip bottom lip, biting gently. Your hand is in my hair and you're pulling it gently. I moan into your mouth, now aggressively kissing you as your tongue assaults mine.

You pull away, get up and put your coat on. 'Come on,'

I compose myself, which isn't easy as all I want to do is pull you back down and climb on your lap. My nipples are rock hard against the lace of my bra and every time I move they stroke against it, causing small waves of pleasure to pass through me. 'Where are we going?'

You eyes flash and I know that I'm going to enjoy whatever you have planned. I get up, standing next to you. Almost automatically your hand reaches round to give my firm ass a squeeze. I walk in front of you to the exit, giving my ass an extra wiggle, I know that you're eyes are glued to it.

Outside I run my tongue over my lip and ask where we're going now. You take hold of my hand, keeping the contact between us, gently tracing patterns with your thumb. We walk up the road heading towards a club. Half way up you spot an alley way, which you pull me down. You push me up against a wall in the dark as you kiss me again. Roughly you thrust your tongue in my mouth as our lips crash together, my fingers in your hair pull softly. You hands move from my ass, to my waist, slide teasingly up my sides to my breasts. You stroke them, give a quick squeeze, your fingertips run from my jaw line, down my throat, causing me to let out a small groan, over my chest and roughly pull the front of my dress down, exposing my large breasts to you, my dark pink nipples poking out. You run a thumb over them through the thin material of my bra. I arch my back and moan for more, my hips grinding against you I can feel how hard you are and I rub myself against it. You lower your mouth to my left nipple and suck. Your warm mouth over them feels so good as your tongue flicks over I can't suppress the loud moans and gasps that come from my mouth. 

'Oh Paul...' I moan as you move over to the right one. I slip my hand down your body, rubbing over your crotch, feeling you harden even more under my touch. 'Oh God, I want you so badly' I sigh as my hand finds its way into your jeans.

This seems to snap you out of it. One last kiss to my cleavage and you pull my dress back up over my breasts and remove my hand from your pants. 'Not yet.' You kiss me chastely on the lips, the complete opposite of how we had just been kissing. Once again you take my hand and lead me up the road towards the club.

As we queue up to get in we laugh and joke together. I'm more than a little drunk now, but that has nothing to do with how much I want you. I cannot wait to get home and undress you. My mind if full of your gorgeous cock and all the things I would like to do with it. Just your presence is keeping me wet. No one has ever turned me on the way you are now.

Once we get in we have a round of sambuca and more drinks. There is no point even bothering to talk in here. It's packed, bodies pressed tightly together, the loud bass vibrating through everyone as the crowd moves together to the beat of the music. You take advantage of this, sliding your hand up my thigh again and quickly slip a finger into my still soaked, hot pussy. I gasp at the suddenness of it, your finger stroking against me, your thumb on my clit rubbing little circles as my thighs tremble. I can feel the pressure building up in the bottom of my stomach again and forget where I am and just enjoy the delicious feeling of it all. Just as quickly you remove your index finger from me, and I immediately feel the loss of it filling up my hungry pussy. 

I hold your finger up to me and I poke out my tongue and lick up your index finger before sucking it in to my mouth and swirling my tongue around, cleaning it, looking into your eyes. You pull your finger from my mouth and I make a 'pop' noise. You turn me round and push me in the direction of the dance floor, giving my ass a quick slap. I look at you over my shoulder and throw you a dirty smile. 

We push our way to the side of the dance floor. I stand in front of you, my back to you and your hands go to my hips as you pull me closer to you. I start to roll my body against you, grinding my ass into your crotch. I love feeling you hard and poking into me. I press harder and your hands move from my hips, over my stomach, your fingers spread, dragging some of the material of my dress up with you, over my tits, pressing them together and stroking, up over my neck to my cheek, as your other hand travels back down to my stomach. You turn my face to yours and kiss me. Its gentle this time, the longing is still there, but you're softly twirling your tongue over mine, sucking on my tongue. My body tingles all over from where you've touched me. I need to have you soon. I don't know how much longer I can take it. Your suck my lip again and moan in to your mouth once more. 'Please. Take me home and fuck me senseless.' I moan in to your ear, biting on your earlobe and sucking.

It's your turn to moan now as I press against your rock hard cock with my ass, grinding onto it, my hands on your thighs. 'Oh baby' you breathe. I turn to face you, one leg either side of yours, I tilt my head up and kiss you softly, our tongues softly playing with each other. My hand finds the large, throbbing bulge in your jeans and I wrap my hand around it through your jeans, rubbing up and down. I'm rubbing my pussy on your thigh in time to the music trying to get myself off as well. One of your hands is on my ass, rubbing and spanking lightly, the other in my hair, stroking and pulling. I don't know how long we stay like that, but it seems like forever, unaware of everyone around us, glued to each other. I really don't think I can take much more. I pull away from you, one hand cupping your cheek as I look up pleading into your eyes. 

You pull my nipples gently and kiss me once more, kissing down my neck, nipping with your teeth and sucking down my throat knowing that it will drive me crazy. You look up at me and take my hand, leading me out of the club.

It's about a ten minute walk back to my house and we're practically running, our hands all over each other, the straps of my dress are pulled down before we're even on the doorstep. I open the door and you push me through, then push me back against the door. You sink to your knees and pull my dress up over my hips. You lick over my panties a few times, your hot breath on me driving me crazy, the material separating your tongue from me frustrating me so much. 

You look up at me and hold my eye as you pull the thin lace off with your teeth. You push them down my thighs and I step out of them. You stoke up and down my pussy with your tongue, burying it in deep as I moan and grind my hips to your face. You suck my clit into your mouth and flick it with your tongue. Slowly you drag your tongue back down and thrust it in me as far as it will go, you're swirling it around, fucking me with your tongue. I'm moaning loudly now, pulling your hair, holding you to my face, grinding onto you. Your whole face is wet with my juice as you lap it up, making me moan and buck. I get that familiar feeling and I know it's not going to take much longer. Its building up and as you dive in and out of my hot hole faster and faster, rubbing my clit with your thumb I let out moans and groans, 'fuck, faster, I'm going to...Oh god...don't stop...'

I am lost in the ecstasy of the moment. I feel nothing but pleasure, waves and waves of pleasure, so good I think I might cry, I let out a yelp as I come and get the release I've been waiting for. I hold you to me, and you keep your tongue on my clit, just tickling me as the orgasm subsides. You lick up and down my pussy and thighs, cleaning me up before you stand up and kiss me. I can taste myself on your tongue, much stronger this time, sort of sweet and musky. You take the rest of my dress off as I pull your jeans down, then your boxers, guiding you over to the sofa. You sit down and I get straight to my knees. I lick up your thighs, wanting to tease you like you have teased me, but also wanting your cock in me. The latter urge was stronger. Flicking my tongue over your inner thighs I can't restrain myself any longer. I've waited two years for this, now you're here I can't wait any longer. Besides, we have all weekend for teasing.

I run my tongue over your balls, kissing them, sucking them into your mouth one by one. I lick up the underside of your rock hard cock. You let out a hiss as I suck my way up. I get to your head, kissing the tip I circle my tongue around, then suck it into my mouth, rubbing with my tongue I taste your salty pre-come dribbling out. I suck it up, my tongue still swirling round as I increase the pressure. Inch by inch I slide my warm, wet mouth down your cock, looking up into your eyes. My nose presses against your stomach and my tongue reaches out to lap at your balls, I suck harder and move my lips up and down on your shaft, sucking hard as you moan and pull at my hair. Ooh I love that. It feels so good, I suck harder and you let out a louder noise and pull my head back. 

You grab me, pulling me to my feet, wearing just my black stilettos you bend me over the table and drive your cock into me. I let out a loud moan as you enter me and hold still in me. I pull away and then dive back on to you, spearing you into me. You grab my hips and start thrusting into me, pulling me harder and harder onto your hot rod, you spank me once and run a hand along my body to my hair, knotting it in and pulling it. You're close, I can tell as I reach round and play with your balls, massaging them softly as you grunt, thrusting even faster. I'm panting and moaning, calling your name as impossibly you thrust even harder and faster. I feel you slam into me one last time as you pull my hair so that I'm standing up, pull my face round to you and kiss me as you come into my pussy, load after load, I milk you dry.