 The sound of the rain falling makes it difficult to get out of bed and start the day, but Paul has a good reason to get going this morning — a very good reason.

Today is the day he and Cheri picked to spend the entire day together getting to know each other. Paul met Cheri on the internet and when he had to fly to Las Vegas, where Cheri lives, for work he asked her if she would be willing to meet him. She said "Yes."

The plan is for Paul to go to one of the restaurants in the casino where he is staying and Cheri will look for him. If she sees someone who looks like the picture Paul sent her, and if she doesn't chicken out at the last minute, she will approach him and they will eat breakfast together.

Paul leaps out of the bed despite the lulling sounds of the rain slapping his window high above the Vegas Strip. He showers and quickly gets dressed. He wears the exact same outfit that he was wearing in the pic he sent Cheri, just in case she does not recognize him at first.

It's 7 a.m. and for one of the very few times in his life, Paul is wide awake at the early hour. He is supposed to meet Cheri at 8:30 a.m. He can't help it, the excitement, anxiety and nervousness of finally getting to sit down and talk with her is too much.

Paul grabs the complimentary copy of "USA Today" that was slid under his hotel room door and heads for the restaurant. He gets there, plops down and begins to read the paper after ordering a large, ice-cold Coca-Cola. Paul does not drink coffee, but he is addicted to Coca-Cola.

It isn't even 8 o'clock when he hears it.

"Paul? Is that you?" Cheri asks from behind him.

He freezes for a second. Then, he looks at his watch. "It can't be her. It's too early," Paul thinks to himself as he turns and sees Cheri standing there.

She looks even better in person. She is wearing blue jeans and a dark shirt. She does not seem to be wearing any make-up and she doesn't need any. She looks gorgeous.

Paul does not know what to do at first. It feels a little awkward and too good to be true. He finally breaks free of the shock from seeing her in person for the first time and hugs her tentatively at first and then squeezes his arms around her, pulling her in close. He can smell her hair, can feel her ample breasts pressing against his chest and stares into her heavenly eyes as he holds her tightly in his arms.

Finally, he lets go — even though he doesn't want to.

They sit down in the booth across from each other, order breakfast and then just stare at each other. Finally, Paul breaks the silence "You look even more beautiful in person. This is so amazing. I can't believe I am actually sitting here talking to you."


Cheri agrees.

"I know," she says. "I was a little nervous at first, but the more I thought about it the more excited I got. I had to come here early and was hoping you would already be here."

"Funny, I was hoping you would be early. I couldn't wait to see you," Paul says as they both let out a small laugh.

They continue to talk over breakfast and realize Paul knows more about Cheri than she does about him from their internet chats because she is always answering questions from so many fans and not just Paul.

Paul tells Cheri about living in a small town in the South. He is single, never been married and no kids. He is 26 and grew up in Georgia, Alabama and Florida.

Breakfast goes by quickly as they chatter away like long lost friends at a high school reunion.

After Paul insists and pays the tab, he stands and takes Cheri's hand as she gets out of the booth.

"Well, now what would you like to do?" Paul asks.

Cheri blushes and Paul almost automatically gets excited. She leans closer to him and he lowers his head so she can whisper in his ear.

"I, mmmmm, I want to," Cheri says obviously a little nervous. "I want to suck your cock!"

Paul's eyes light up as Cheri squeezes his hand when the word "cock" escapes her sexy lips and cascade into his ear along with her hot breath.

He squeezes her hand back and says, "You have been talking about that recently. Do you want to see my hotel suite or do you want to be a bad girl and do it somewhere we might get caught?"

Paul leads Cheri to the elevator and when the doors close behind them he kisses her. He pulls her tightly against his body and leans down kissing her cheek lightly and then her lips. She responds by leaning her head back and slightly parting her lips. Paul's tongue glides inside her mouth and becomes intertwined with her tongue. He kisses her slowly, moving his tongue slowly and gently inside her mouth as his hands caress her back until they reach her waist. He squeezes her waist at her sides and then cups her perfect ass cheeks in his hands as he pulls her closer.

He kisses her neck and ear as his hands slowly push her shirt up revealing her firm tummy. Paul leans down and kisses Cheri's navel and begins to trace his tongue up her sexy body as each inch is revealed with her shirt slowly moving up.

Paul's tongue gets to Cheri's breasts and he slides his tongue in circles around one breast, slowly circling in from the outside getting closer and closer to her nipple, he is about to flick his tongue across her perky nipple when the elevator interrupts them with a "Ping!" just as it stops.

An elderly couple climbs on the elevator just after Paul manages to spring to his feet. Cheri's face is bright red as the couple slowly gets on moving in the way only people 70 years old and older seem to be able to always be in slow motion. Paul squeezes Cheri's hand in his and then lets go so he can pinch her sexy butt. Cheri jumps and almost causes the elderly couple to have a heart attack.

Luckily, the elevator goes "Ping" again and Paul and Cheri exit and head for Paul's room.

Cheri slaps Paul's arm as they enter his hotel suite. "That was mean! You got me all excited and then stopped!"

Paul stares in her eyes with a soft but intense look, grabs Cheri's wrists and slowly pushes her back up against the wall. He takes her wrists and holds them high and wide apart. He kisses her gently and whispers, "Don't move. Just please stay still for me. I will make it up to you."

He slowly and tenderly undresses Cheri kissing each inch of her skin as he reveals it by removing another piece of clothing until she is standing against the wall in just a pair of black thong panties with her arms and legs spread wide — as if she were tied to the wall.

Paul kisses her mouth slowly and softly, just as he is about to slide his tongue in her mouth he pulls away. He licks her shoulder and then down toward her breast, but again just as he is about to lick her nipple he pulls away. His tongue goes down her side tickling her until he reaches her waist just above her left hip. His tongue then turns and traces it's way toward her thong panties leaving a hot wet trail.

Cheri lets out a small moan barely audible over the sound of the rain falling outside and against the sliding glass door of the patio.

She moans again as Paul slowly slides her panties down her sexy firm legs. He kisses the middle of her waist as he slowly begins to slide her panties down. Then lower, just above her swollen love button. Paul ignores her swollen button and wet lips and kisses her inner thigh next. It is as if he is teasing her. He will not kiss her nipples or her wet pussy and it is driving Cheri crazy with desire.

Paul slowly kisses down Cheri's legs going from one to the other as her panties slowly slide down her legs and then off her feet leaving her standing against the wall completely nude. Paul takes one small step back and stares at her gorgeous figure as he slowly begins to remove his clothes while also reminding Cheri, "Don't move baby. Please just stay still a little while longer for me."

Cheri nods, but she is squeezing her thighs together and rubbing them together. She is ready and wants to be sexed so bad.

Paul is now wearing just a pair of boxers and slowly walks to Cheri. "Cheri, baby, you are so gorgeous. I could stare at you forever even just your beautiful face. I don't have to see you nude to know you are hot, but yet here you are.

"Here you are alone with me and nude, standing against the wall without moving," he continues. "You have been so good and patient with me. Now, I want to give you whatever you want. All you have to do is tell me what it is you want.

"That's it. All you have to do is tell me, I promise," Paul says.

Cheri lowers her arms, reaches out and takes Paul in her arms, she wraps her hands around the back of his neck and pulls his face toward hers and whispers "I WANT YOU" just before kissing him with passion. Paul kisses her back and as their tongues dart in and out of each other's mouth leaving a trail on each other's lips and cheeks as they dart back and forth and in and out. Paul slowly begins to rub Cheri's wet pussy with one hand and her breasts with the other.

Paul slips a finger inside of her as his tongue glides back into her mouth. He pinches her nipple and begins to kiss her breasts, his face goes lower this time with no plans to ignore her juicy wetness.

He buries his face between her legs and tongues her hot wet clit. The hot juices flow down his face and drip off his chin as he slaps her ass while tonguing her tight folds.

Paul stares up into her gorgeous eyes as he buries his face between her thighs and his tongue penetrates deep inside of her. He loves the taste of her juices and his thick cock is hard now.

Paul reaches down and slowly begins to stroke his hard fat cock as he tongues Cheri. He slowly begins to kiss his way back up her body. His mouth is soaking wet from her juices and he kisses her deeply letting her enjoy the salty-sweet taste of her yummy pussy.

"I want you so bad, Cheri," Paul says as he kisses her neck and then her shoulder as he slowly turns her around. He uses his feet to slowly spread her legs by pushing her feet apart with his. He grabs Cheri around the waist and slowly pulls her away from the wall.

Cheri reaches out, stretching her arms so her hands are pressed against the wall as she bends at the waist with her legs spread and her juicy pussy exposed.

Paul drops to his knees and tongues her juicy pussy from behind and flicks his tongue across her ass hole before standing. He leans forward over her sexy body and kisses her ear and neck as he tells Cheri, "My cock is so hard right now and it is all because of you. You make me so horny. I want you so bad."

Paul slams all of his fat hard cock deep inside of Cheri with one quick thrust just as the word "bad" escapes his lips. He grabs her hips and holds himself deep inside of her.

"Cheri, you feel so wonderful," Paul says. "You are so wet and your lips are so tight. My cock barely fits in you and that makes it feel so good."

"I want to make love to you all day and night," Paul adds. "I want you so bad."

Paul slowly begins to slide his hard cock out of Cheri's tight pussy and reaches down to rub her clit with his thumb as his cock slowly begins to slide out inch by inch. He pulls back until just the fat throbbing tip of his cock is left barely inside of her.

Paul slowly slides back inside of Cheri while rubbing her clit and reaching up with his other hand to massage her breast and pinch her swollen nipples.

Slowly, he rocks back and forth sliding his hardness in and out of her. Cheri lets out small moans and tells him to please go faster that she wants to cum.

Paul continues to slowly glide his hard cock in and out of her and even stops rocking his hips a few times when Cheri tries to increase the tempo by slamming back into him.

"Ohhh, Paul, please take me a little faster. Please," Cheri purrs. "I want to cum baby. You feel so good in me. Please go a little faster."

Paul pulls out of Cheri completely. "Why don't we go to the bed baby?"

Cheri lays down on the bed on her back and Paul grabs her hips and pulls her toward him until her juicy ass is resting at the edge of the bed. Cheri spreads her legs wide as Paul slowly massages her clit by rubbing the throbbing head of his fat cock against it.

He rubs it up and down with the shaft passing through her tight pussy lips with each stroke as his tip rubs her swollen clit. Then, Paul changes the angle just a little and all of his cock is thrust deep inside Cheri's hot wet pussy.

Paul grabs her hips and pumps his cock into her as she digs her heels into his ass pulling him closer against her.

He slips his arms under her lower back and slowly pulls her up so she can see his cock as it glides in and out of her wetness. His meaty tip comes almost all the way out with each stroke and is covered in her sticky love juices. Paul's cock glistens in the light for a split-second before diving back inside of Cheri.

Cheri reaches down and rubs her clit as she watches Paul's cock slam in and out of her. Then, she brings her fingers to her mouth and licks her juices off her fingers as Paul stretches her open with each stroke. The tip of his cock deep inside of her again and again and again.

Paul arches his back and dives into her faster and harder, the bed begins to shake, Cheri is moaning now, "Yes, Paul! Ohhhh, Yes!"

Cheri is banging her hand on the bed as she falls back and begins to rotate her hips with each stroke of Paul's hard cock.

"Yes!!!" Cheri screams. "Right there. Oh my. Right there, this is perfect. Yes!"

Paul can barely breath he is pumping in and out of Cheri so hard.

"Oh, Cheri," Paul manages to say as heavy breaths escape his mouth. "You feel so wonderful!

"Oh gawd, baby! Yes, take me, oh yes, I'm gonna cum, oh my gawd, baby yes you are so tight and wet," he screams.

Cheri rocks the bed as she moves in perfect rhythm with Paul's thrusts and then with a big moan cums all over his cock. Paul feels her cum and holds his still hard and throbbing cock deep inside her.

He leans forward and kisses her. He holds her tightly in his arms and showers her with kisses. Then, Paul slowly slides out of her. He climbs in the bed beside her, holds her in his arms and says, "Let's just stay here for a little while and rest."

Cheri turns her head to face him, smiles and after a quick little kiss on the lips turns back around and Paul holds Cheri in his arms as the rain falls against the window lulling them to sleep.