 A few hours later, Cheri wakes up still in Paul's arms. She slowly eases his arms off her body and gently climbs off the bed. She walks to the bathroom in the dimly lit room as Paul continues to sleep.

When she comes back in the bedroom she has an idea and decides to wake Paul up — slowly.

She tenderly and very quietly pulls the covers back. As she slowly uncovers Paul's body she licks her lips as she becomes turned on thinking about her plan to wake Paul up.

Once she has the covers off Paul's body, she leans down and kisses his chest carefully — not wanting to wake him up just yet. Cheri climbs up on the bed and slowly makes a trail with her tongue and lips as she kisses and licks her way down his hard chest and firm abs.

Cheri takes Paul's limp cock in her hands and begins to massage it slowly, rubbing and stroking it in her hand. Paul moves slightly on the bed, but does not wake up and his cock grows hard as Cheri begins to slowly pump it in her fist.

Cheri's nude body is beautiful as she moves on the bed and gets on her knees between Paul's spread legs. She slowly leans down and takes Paul's now hard cock into her warm mouth. She slides her tongue up and down the long shaft and tongues the head causing Paul to moan in his sleep.

She parts her lips and carefully slides his long hard cock all the way into her juicy mouth tonguing it as the throbbing head slides over her tongue and into her throat. She moves her head slowly, sucking his cock in and out of her mouth. She closes her lips just enough so they massage the sides of his cock as it slides into her mouth as if going into a warm, wet condom.

Cheri reaches down and plays with her wet pussy and rubs her clit as she continues to suck Paul's cock. She watches his cock as it slips in and out of her mouth and is suddenly even more turned on.

"Mmmmmmmm," Cheri softly purrs as she sucks Paul's hard throbbing cock into her warm mouth as her lips massage his shaft. "You taste and feel so good," she says whispering to Paul as he sleeps.

Precum collects on the tip of Paul's hard, fat cock and Cheri licks it off tasting him for the first time. She loves the taste and the feel of his hardness in her mouth as she continues to suck his cock. She pumps his hardness as she begins to slide him in and out of her mouth faster. Paul's cock twitches as his balls fill with cum. She moves her mouth faster wanting him to cum in her mouth.

Paul's body begins to move slowly as she brings him closer to orgasm with her mouth.

"Ohhh, this is such a tasty cock," Cheri says with a whisper. "Cum in my mouth Paul. Please, cum in my mouth and let me taste your cum."

Paul slowly wakes up, looks down and makes eye contact with Cheri as she stares into his brownish-green eyes while milking his cock with her mouth.

"Ohhh, baby," Paul gasps. "You are too good to me."

"Mmmmmm," Cheri moans as she sucks his cock faster. "You feel so good in my mouth. Your hard throbbing cock sliding over my lips and into my mouth. Cum for me baby."

She tongues his shaft as she sucks him into her mouth while pumping his cock faster now. She feels his cock begin to twitch and knows he is about to cum. She pulls his cock out of her mouth and lowers her mouth to his balls. She tongues and kisses his balls while pumping his cock in her fist.

"Ohhh, Cheri!," Paul moans loudly. "Yes, I'm gonna cum so hard!"

"Not yet, baby," Cheri says with a sexy smile on her lips. "Cum in my mouth."

She takes his hardness back into her warm wet mouth and slowly begins to tease him with her tongue.

"Damn baby, you feel so good," Paul screams. "Ohhh, you are going to make me cum so hard!"

"Yes, Paul cum in sweet Cheri's mouth," she purrs. "Cum in my mouth baby."

She pumps his long hard shaft faster as she sucks him deeper into her warm mouth. Her tongue and the wetness of her warm mouth are too much and Paul's eyes roll back in his head as his body begins to quiver and then cum shoots out of his cock like rocket fire into Cheri's talented mouth.

Cheri continues to pump his cock, milking the last drops of cum out of his cock as she swallows it down and licks her lips catching the few drops that begin to spill out of her mouth.

She rubs her breasts and pinches her nipples as her greenish-blue eyes stare into Paul's eyes as cum drips down her chin.

She begins to slowly tease his cock with her hands and mouth keeping him hard for her.

"Paul, I want you in me," Cheri announces. "Just relax and let Cheri do all the work."

She straddles his waist facing him and slowly lowers her wet pussy down toward his cock. She holds his still hard cock upright and slips his fat throbbing head into her wet lips. With the tip of his cock resting just inside her tight pussy she leans forward and puts her hands on Paul's strong chest and slides down his cock in one fast motion filling her pussy with his manhood.

She begins to bounce up and down on Paul's cock. Paul thrusts his hips up matching her timing on each stroke.

"Awwwww," Paul moans. "Yes! Ride me baby! Ride me Cheri! It's your turn to cum."

Paul sits up and buries his face in her breasts. He goes mad licking and kissing her breasts as they bounce while she rides him. He cups her ass cheeks in his hands and lifts her up squeezing them as she continues to ride him.

He covers her asshole with his thumb as she rocks up and down on his hard shaft.

Cheri tosses her head back and forth as she moans and rides his cock faster now.

"Oh baby," Cheri screams. "Yesss. Make me cum all over your hard cock. Fuck me baby. Fuck me hard."

Paul bites her nipple and then kisses Cheri deeply on her mouth. Their tongues dance as she bobs up and down on his throbbing hardness. His fat cock slides deep inside her and the head of his cock is throbbing inside her as it bounces off her G spot with each hard and fast stroke.

Paul squeezes her ass cheeks harder as she bounces up and down on him while tossing her head back and moaning.

"Mmmmmm," Cheri moans. "Mmmmm. You feel so hard and so good inside me. Your cock is stretching my tight pussy open as it slides in and out of me. Mmmmmm, it feels wonderful.

"Yessss," Cheri continues in extasy. "Right there. Ohhhh, baby. Ohhhh Paul. Yesss! Right there."

"Cheri," Paul screams. "Right there. Yes! R-I-G-H-T T-H-E-R-E!!! I'm gonna cum again. Cum with me!

"Oh yesss, right there, oh baby, ohhhh, shit, yessss, you are soo tight and wet," Paul screams as he is about to cum again. "Yessss!!!! Ohhhh Cheri. CHERI!!!! CHERI!!!!"

The bed shakes as Paul thrusts up harder and faster into her tight wetness. He feels Cheri's butt cheeks flex and knows she is about to cum.

He moves his hips faster, filling her up, filling her completely, wanting to satisfy her.

"Ohhh," Cheri moans as she cums all over Paul's throbbing cock as it penetrates deep inside her.

Paul cums simultaneously with Cheri and she cums a second time, harder when she feels hot cum erupt from his cock deep inside her tight pussy.

Paul hugs her tightly and they kiss with his hard cock still deep inside her. He holds his hips pressed against her feeling his hard cock deep inside her tight walls.

They kiss and caress each other's hot sticky bodies for several minutes. After holding and kissing each other for several minutes, Paul says, "I guess we both need a shower now."