 A warm lap to sit on is what I crave. Who would want to sit on a couch when there are comfortable laps to sit on and big strong arms to hold you? Not me.

I love to squirm and wiggle in your lap. Perhaps feeling something stirring beneath me as your breath gets heavier on my neck while you cuddle me. Its almost soporific as I lean back against your chest and enjoy the warmth of your body permeating mine, enveloping me in a cozy embrace. My head resting on your shoulder. A soft kiss as I turn my head and look up into your handsome face, your gentle features, kind eyes, full lips. A light peppering of kisses as we cuddle, your thighs shifting under me, repositioning me for your comfort. 

Naturally, your hands roam around my shapely body. You can't help it. Your breathing becomes more rapid as you feel and pummel the rounded globes of my breasts with their hard caramel-coloured nipples. Your finger and thumb squeezing, rubbing, plucking and tweaking the bullet shaped nubs as they stand proud, swollen and stiff. My head turns on your shoulder, soft moans escaping my lips.

For the longest time, you enjoy playing with my breasts before your hands travel down across my stomach, circle my bellybutton and then slide down slowly to the heat between my thighs. Your fingers touching tentatively, seeking, searching, then finding the moisture seeping from my labia. You stretch down slightly to insert one of your fingers down in-between the soft velvet folds, feeling the wetness, sliding your finger up and down, collecting and coating it in juice making me gasp softly. You pull your finger back out, the length of your finger glistening wet. You bring your finger up to my mouth and stroke it onto my lower lip before pushing it into my mouth. I close my eyes and suck on that finger with my tongue fluttering, stroking it in my mouth, tasting the sweet honeysuckle-like juice.

You pull your finger out of my mouth with a soft pop and gently slide my hair away from my face, pushing it behind my neck, your hand turning my face to yours, your lips kissing my own juice tainted lips, tasting its sweetness, sharing. Soft kisses, sucking on each other lips, tongues probing and exploring. Your hands now move methodically around my body, sliding downwards to its destination, the warmth moist place between my thighs, deep into the soft wet folds of my cunt. Stroking and teasing my throbbing clit out from its hood as you listen to my moans. The tip of your finger flicking against my clit, making me shudder.

Your arms surround me as I tremble in your lap. More of your fingers now wet with my juices, sliding up and down, stroking my sex gently but firmly. You shift your body under me, repositioning me until I can feel the hardness of your erection beneath me. I wriggle on your lap, my legs spread wide. The juicy pink lips of my cunt opening and closing, swallowing your fingers. You feel my body tense as I grip your arms, leaning into you, my head on your shoulders tossing from side to side, soft moans turning to soft whimpers.

You take me to the edge and then you suddenly stop. I scream in frustration. I need to cum. I want to cum. You lift me up and, after a little fiddling with your clothing, you guide me down until I gasp aloud as I feel the thick head of your cock pushing into my entrance. My body shivers in your hands as you impale me onto your erection, my tight walled cunt squeezing the veiny flesh of your cock, making you groan. Up and down, you lift and drop me, forcing your cock in deeper, your hips thrusting under me. Both of us moaning, feverish as we fuck, grinding hard into each other.

You push me forwards slightly so I rest my hands on your knees, my legs tightly gripping your thighs as you thrust up into my yielding wet pink folds, my juices seeping down around your cock and onto your tight cum-filled balls. Your hand grasps my thick black hair and you wind my hair around your fist, covering your knuckles. Simultaneously pulling on my hair as you push my body forwards making my back arch like a ballerina in dance, you drive your cock deep into me, my cuntlips sucking noisily on your shaft with each stroke, squelching with excess juice which trickles out and drips down my inner thighs.

The sounds of our fucking fill our ears, the moans, the groans, the squishy noises your cock makes as it pummels my cunt. I scream as your groin slaps wetly against my buttocks, your balls pounding against my clit, my body shuddering as my orgasm, so intense, is breached, my cum juices gushing over your cock, splashing, dripping, as you continue to plow deeper, faster, harder. 

You hold tight to my hair, pulling me back against you as you thrust your cock inwards, impaling me again and again as my cunt spasms. Groaning, you force me take the fucking you're giving me, not stopping, your cock swelling, rubbing yourself raw against my ridges in my cunt until finally, with a guttural growl, you hold your cock deep inside me as it spurts and spurts, coating my cunt with your creamy cum.