 I met Paul nearly a year ago. He's a very special man; not like anyone else I've ever met. He's handsome, charming, sexy, gentle and caring. He's incredibly intelligent and yet so down-to-earth and easy to talk to. He has a fabulous sense of humor. Nobody can make me laugh like he can. Never in my life have I felt as comfortable with anyone as I feel with him. When I'm with him, I am free to be who I really am. It has been years since I trusted anyone enough to share any of myself with them, especially a man. But with him, it's different. I was so drawn to him from the very first time I met him. I trust him completely. I can talk to him about anything. I know that, no matter what I tell him, he won't think any less of me. With him, I could live out all of my fantasies and I want to help him live out all of his. 

Okay, so I'm crazy about him. He tells me not to fixate on him. I know he's right, so I try not to think about him too much. That's pretty difficult though. There are so many places and everyday things that bring him to mind: that motel, this park, that special "toy" store, red convertible mustangs, peanut M&M's, crab dip, the Cleveland Indians. . .the list goes on and on. There's so much shit going on in my life right now that I succeed in keeping my mind off of him the majority of the day. . .of course, you only need 51% to make a "majority," right?

Then I go to bed at night. Laying there in the dark, I close my eyes and I can see him just as clearly as if he's right there with me. The soft dark blonde hair, warm smile, slightly graying beard, and those eyes. . .oh, those eyes! Sometimes they look brown, sometimes they look hazel, but they're always gorgeous and incredibly sexy!!

I spread my thighs slightly; in reality for my own probing, teasing fingers, but in my fantasy I open myself up for him: his fingers, his tongue, his hard dick. He's right there with me all night, in my dreams. Here's one of them:

I sat quietly on the park bench, looking out over the water. It was lovely and peaceful here. I could almost forget all my troubles. I closed my eyes and tilted my head back, letting the warmth of the sun wash over my face. In my mind, I could see him sitting right next to me, smiling and talking. God, how I miss him! 

"I miss you. . ." I said, barely above a whisper.

"Do you?" I heard a voice behind me say.

I was startled. I thought I was alone here. I knew that voice! But it couldn't be him, could it? My eyes flew open and I turned to see him standing there, hands in pockets, wearing khaki shorts, a yellow t-shirt and a playful smile.

In an instant I was in his arms. I held him tight, afraid that if I let go he would disappear before my eyes like a mirage. I clung to him, taking in his scent.

Tears of joy slid slowly down my face. Before long, I was sobbing.

"Hey, what's all this?" he said.

"I thought I'd never see you again. . ." I said. "What are you doing here?"

"I was in the neighborhood. . ." he said casually.

"How long can you stay?" I asked.

"I have all day for you." he replied.

We sat on the bench for a while, catching up on what had been going on in our lives since we last saw each other.

After a while, we decided to go for a drive. As I sat on the passenger side, I turned sideways in the seat so I could watch him as he drove.

"Why are you looking at me like that?" he asked.

"Just making a mental picture for later." I said.

He smiled. "Do you want to get a room?" he asked.

"Yes, more than you can imagine." I replied.

As he stopped at a red light, he reached over and pulled my hand into his lap, placing on his crotch. I smiled when I felt his raging hard on.

"Okay, maybe NOT more than you can imagine." I laughed.

I continued to rub his hard cock through his shorts as he drove to a nearby motel. I was getting so wet at the thought of making love to him again!

Finally, we were alone in the motel room. He locked the door behind us and stood watching me.

"Why are you looking at me like that?" I asked.

"Making a mental picture for later." he said.

"Dont make fun of me. . ." I said in mock hurt.

"I'd never do that." he said.

He took me in his arms. I looked into his eyes and smiled. I did know he wouldn't do that.

He kissed me gently, slipping his warm moist tongue between my lips. I moaned softly and sucked his tongue deeper into my mouth, barely able to contain my passion for him. I had missed him so much; now he was here and I wanted him so badly!

We undressed each other and lay down together on the cool sheets. He looked down at me and I reached up to touch his face, still barely able to believe this was really happening.

"You know I'll let you do anything you want to me." I said.

"Really? Anything?" he asked.

"Anything. . ." I said.

He kissed and licked his way down my neck, over my breasts and down my smooth belly. I whimpered and spread my legs farther apart, knowing that he wanted to taste the sweet wetness between my thighs. He ran his tongue over my shaved mound and began kissing and licking the inside of my smooth thighs.

"Please, taste me. . ." I begged.

I didn't need to ask him twice. He licked up and down my soft wet slit. He traced circles around my hot pink lips and flicked his tongue across my already swollen clit. He slowly slid two fingers into my eager pussy and finger-fucked me while he sucked my clit. I moaned and whimpered, my hips humping up and down. I came hard, moaning and crying out his name.

He slowly kissed and licked his way back up my body. He pressed his lips to mine and kissed me passionately. The taste of my sweet cum on his lips drove me wild. I licked his lips greedily. He moved up the bed until he was straddling my face. I stroked his hard dick with my hand. I ran my tongue over his smooth balls, sucking each one into my mouth and sucking it gently. Then I took the head of his cock into my mouth and traced circles around it with my tongue. I kissed and licked up and down the shaft before finally sucking the whole length into my hot mouth. I began to stroke him with my mouth, sucking as hard as I could. He moaned out loud and leaned forward, grabbing the headboard. He started to pump his hips up and down, fucking my mouth. I sucked hard. He groaned as his hot cum shot down my throat. I swallowed most of it, but a little ran down my chin. He withdrew from my mouth and collapsed on the bed next to me. I scooped up the cum from my chin and looked at him as I licked it off my finger.

We lay there, side by side, holding hands for a long time, catching our breath.

He pulled on his t-shirt and shorts and went to his car. He came back a few minutes later with a small cooler. He pulled our a beer for himself and handed one to me. We drank quietly for a few minutes. Then he put his beer on the bedside table and took mine, placing it next to his.

He turned over on his side and looked down at me. He touched my face, looking into my eyes, and kissed me softly.

"You're incredibly soft." he said.

I smiled at him, feeling myself blush a little.

"I want you so much." I whispered.

He ran his hand down my belly and began to massage my pussy with his fingers. I spread my thighs open and worked my hips in small circles.

"MMmmmm. . .that feels so good. . ." I said softly.

"Cum for me." he whispered.

I moaned softly. Looking into his eyes, I told him that my pussy belonged to him. He massaged it with his fingers, increasing the pace gradually. I whimpered and moaning, beginning to pant.

"Are you gonna cum for me?" he asked softly.

"Yes. . .oh, yes. . ." I managed to say. And when my orgasm swept over me, I cried out, but never took my eyes from his.

He brought his fingers to his lips and tasted my sweet cum. He knelt between my thighs, licking and kissing me, lapping up my juices.

"I need you inside me now. . ." I begged.

He positioned himself between my thighs. I reached down and grabbed his rock hard cock and guided it into my dripping cunt. I nearly came again as he slid it into me. I wrapped my legs around his waist and met his every stroke. He began to increase his pace and I pulled my legs up to give him more room. He began thrusting into me harder and faster.

When I reached my climax, I threw my head back and closed my eyes.

"Oh yes. . .Jesus, yes. . ." I cried.

I could feel the muscles inside me squeezing him, milking his dick. With a final thrust, he cried out and I felt his hot cum filling me. We held tightly to each other as our orgasms took over our minds and bodies.

Afterward, we lay there silently holding each other.

REALITY: When I awoke from this dream, I felt sad; wishing this would really happen and knowing how unlikely that is. Still, some days I sit at that park, looking out over the water, and thinking about things. If I close my eyes, I can see him there next to me. I miss him incredibly.