 I am so lost, on the bus somewhere in Canada. I guess you can't count on the weather to be what you think. It's scary. It's so cold and I don't have the money for a motel. I stupidly left it in my booth at a diner while I went to the bathroom and someone jacked it. I still can't believe it.

It doesn't hurt though that I am an attractive girl and I might just have to use my charms to find a place to stay for free.

I ask the bus driver where to get off for the nearest bar. He tells me and thirty minutes later, I walk off the bus with nothing but my little backpack. 

When I enter the bar, I survey the clientele. It's some sports bar. Lots of men, many older and chubby. I don't mind bad looks and know they are much more likely to make a deal with me than some young good looking jock. I am not really attracted to one more than other. I have weird taste.

There is one man I notice. He is sitting at the bar, very large, about 6'6, 300 pounds, maybe 40s, burly, light brown hair, scruffy face. While I like big men, I know he is not conventionally attractive and the way he carries himself, well he looks a little lonely. 

I on the other hand am 22, 5',4," 120 pounds, slim hourglass shape, long red curly hair, blue eyes, and lots of freckles on smooth clear skin with a small round mouth with rose colored lips. I have a decent and innocent look. I still feel nervous about the upcoming conversation. I've never done this before and I feel my heart is thumping uncomfortably in my chest. I feel like it's audible to anyone near me. 

I sit next to him. 

"Hi, I'm Shayla," I start shyly as he looks over at me with appreciative eyes "Buy me a drink?"

He raises his eyebrows a little in surprise, then nods. He orders me a yummy dark beer. "I'm Paul."

"What brings you in town?" He asks, aware that I am not from around here. 

"Well I decided to do a solo trip to Canada, for an adventure, but my money was stolen at a diner and now I don't really know where to go." 

"Hmm that's a tough situation." He looks me over in my sparse clothing for the weather, tight jeans and a small sweater with sneakers. My raincoat in hanging by the entrance of the bar. 

"My place is not too far from here....if you want...."

I don't know why but I blush deeply at this. It's exactly what I wanted, but it's almost like a first time selling my body and that is a little scary. 

"Well...that would be very nice, yeah."

He nods and smiles. 

"Umm....ah...." I lower my voice, "I would like to stay a few days if that's ok and ummm...I would repay you how you want."

He looks at my wide-eyed and slowly nods. I smile and say,

"Thank you!"

He finishes his drink quickly and hustles us out of there. He puts his arm around my shoulder to keep me warm as we make our way to his car.

"Here's a blanket. I always keep it in the back for temps like these until the heat kicks in." He lays it out over my lap.

"Thank you" I smile. 

The drive is about 45 minutes. He seems shy and is mostly quiet as I make commentary on our surroundings as they are new to me.

We arrive at his house in the woods. It is more like a cabin, a little creepy and small, but also really fascinating and beautiful. 

"How are you feeling?" he asks me as we enter the cabin. He rubs my shoulders with his warm gargantuan hands.

"Cold and awake." I answer, leaning into him for his warmth. My physical contact seems to put him at ease. His hands move to my back to rub it warm as my full, soft breasts press into his belly. My head just reaches his pecs.

He tells me, "I can feel your heartbeat and your cheeks are on fire. You must be nervous, huh?"

I nod into him. 

"I don't want you to be nervous. The last thing I want to do is hurt you in any way." 

I smile and nuzzle my cheek against him.

"I'll get the fire going and we can drink something hot together."

I look up at him and nod. I find the kettle and get the hot water going for some tea. By the time he's done with the fire, I hand him a cup. 

"Oh! Thanks." 

We both sit down on the couch. He turns the TV on. I'm feeling annoyingly nervous now that we have a window for 'repayment'. 

I nervously steal glances at Paul and he keeps catching me.

"Look Shayla, we don't have to do anything tonight. You know I'd hate to pressure you into something you're not ready for."

I look up at him, "Maybe for tonight, just some snuggling?"

"I would like that. Why don't you get up on my lap?"

I hesitate. "Ok Paul."

I sit on his lap with both legs on one side. He circles his hand around my waist and with the other lightly rubs my hair.

It is immensely relaxing and I melt into him after a few minutes. He is warm, big, and so soothing.

"Maybe a little kiss?" I mutter into his neck.

He cups my cheek and gently turns my face to his and kisses my lips sooo nice. It is perfection. He has a full beard and mustache and it tickles my smooth face. I giggle.

"Hmm?" He mutters.

"Oh...your facial hair just tickles a little...but I like it!" I say, then I continue kissing him.

As we share kisses, his grip tightens around my waist and his erection pushes hard onto my thigh as he pulls me closer to him. While I am very aroused by the activities, I get a little scared by his aggressiveness since he is so big and strong. I remind myself that I don't know him very well. 

"Paul...I think we need to stop, for tonight I mean." I suggest, slightly fearing his reaction. 

"Shit" He catches his breath. "I'm sorry."

"No I am. I told you that I'd repay you for letting me stay. It's just that I'm a little nervous, but I promise by tomorrow night, I'll be ready." 

He looks a little disappointed. "I don't want to make you nervous sweetie" he rubs my shoulder, "but I understand".

"That said," he continues, "I need to go to the bathroom."

When he comes out, he hands me an extra toothbrush. I'm so relieved I can go to bed with a fresh mouth.

"You'll sleep in bed with me. I promise I'll be good." Paul says. I nod and head into the bathroom.

I come into the bedroom with the same clothes on and see that Paul has laid out some of his super big pajamas for me out on the bed, in which he is waiting for me. 

"I'll just do this in the bathroom." I say. 

I come back to the bedroom and get into the bed. The temperatures outside are about 15 degrees and inside the cabin is probably 50, which is still pretty cold. 

Although I don't want to tease Paul more than necessary, I cuddle up on him for the warmth and let's face it. I want to, anyway. 

He wraps his arm around me and I'm asleep within seconds. 

I wake the next morning to the smell of coffee. I'm alone in the bed and stretch my body thoroughly to find Paul watching me in the doorway. I sit up.

"Morning Shayla. I was just going to tell you that coffee is ready."

I grin. "Oh that's wonderful, Paul. Thank you!"

I climb out of bed and trip over my own feet as I am quite clumsy right after waking up. Paul rushes over to help me up. I thank him and explain that I am ok. It's just an a.m. thing. He laughs. 

The coffee is just the right temperature and really gets me in a good mood for the day. 

After coffee and breakfast, Paul explains to me that he's doing research on the wildlife in the area and I am welcome to come along with him around the forest. 

Due to my sparse clothing situation, I am stuck wearing his oversized clothes, but it's worth being so warm!

He walks around taking photos and notes, while I just admire the beauty. In my daydreaming, I wander a little away from him and encounter a coyote. I let out a scream. It stares at me and starts to make its way over, when suddenly, it whimpers and scurries away. I turn and see Paul running over. His size must have been enough to scare the coyote away. We embrace momentarily until he scolds me for wandering away.

"Paul, I'm not a child!" I yell, letting my immature temper get the better of me. He looks hurt and I feel awful for yelling at him after he saved me. 

"Oh I am so sorry for yelling at you." I say, hugging him again.

"I just worry that something could happen to you." He explains, "You're quite small.. and that can make you a target."

"Well I do just fine being my size...except the coyote..."

"You just have to act more threatening than you are. Confidence is key, okay?"

"Yeah...that makes sense. So does that mean I can still wander off a little?"

"Well, like I said, I can't force you to do anything, so yeah."

Paul gets back to his work and for now, I stay in his area.

We go like that most of the day. I help him out a lot just as something to do and a way to get to know him better. I find that he is sweet, gentle, smart, and I'm finding myself more and more attracted to him as I get to know him. 

He takes a pee without letting me know and I accidentally catch a glimpse of his privates and I hide behind a tree trunk. I peer around the side again and oh I like it. It is so big and soft and beautiful. He catches me. I gasp and return behind the tree. 

Lost in my embarrassment and plan of how to deal with this, I am startled by the tap on my shoulder. I turn to see Paul, his privates tucked back away out of my sight. I feel like a pervert, 

"I'm sorry for spying like that. It's so sick!" I confess. 

He just laughs. "Curiosity is completely natural, sweetie. You have seen one before, right?" He asks.

I look up at him and nod. "Just once when I was 15, but nothing since." 

"I see" He looks a little concerned.

"I really like you, Paul."

He brightens. "I very much like you, Shayla."

"I really like...being close to you."

He moves closer, puts his hands on the sides of my arms and squeezes.

"I like that very much." he says appreciatively. 

He takes my hand and leads me to a rock where he sits down and pulls me in for a kiss. With him sitting down, our heads are about level and he kisses me so good. I'm just in heaven. Oh his lips are soft and his kisses so gentle. His hand reaches for my bottom and I don't stop him. His hand is bigger then my butt cheek and he gives it a light squeeze, causing me to giggle. It starts to get dark and I get scared so we head home. He starts a nice big fire and the small cabin quickly warms up. 

I go to the bathroom and strip down to his large undershirt and boxer briefs. It is the most revealing thing he's seen me in so far. When I enter the living room, Paul is sitting on the couch reading the paper. He looks appreciatively at my change of clothes. 

"That looks much more comfortable, sweetie". His eyes traveling down my tight young body. 

He moves to the comfy rug in front of the fire and motions me over to sit next to him. He puts his arm around my shoulder and faces me, looking at my chest, then up to my lips, he leans in and kisses me softly and gently, knowing I get nervous easily. The height difference makes the position a little uncomfortable, so he lays me down on the rug and positions himself on his side next to me, and we continue to kiss. 

I suggest removing our clothes. He eagerly agrees and asks if we can take off each other's instead of our own. He asks me to start with him. We stand. I slowly lift up his shirt over his head to find a hairy barrel chest and a little bit of a belly. I like it. I then begin to un buckle his belt and unbutton his jeans. I pull them down and he steps out. Then I nervously pull down his underwear to find a huge erection. 

"Ok my turn" He says. He pulls his undershirt from over my head, then unhooks my bra from the front. He takes a deep breath. He then pulls down his underwear from my hips. We are both naked. 

He lies down and motions for me to climb on top of him. This makes me feel a little slutty but I comply.

I hesitantly climb onto his body making him very happy.

He initiates kissing and I let myself completely get lost in it. Next thing I know, his sausage finger is twirling around my opening, soaking up the gooey wetness. I continue to kiss him as he touches me moving closer to my clit, I forget to breathe. When he touches it, I let out a delighted squeal. He gently circles it, making it hard to catch my breath. The pleasurable tingling builds to an overwhelming surge of feelings and I buck and squeal before finally coming down. He kisses me a few minutes, then gently lowers me onto his long hard waiting penis. It slides right in and fills me completely. He holds on firmly to my bottom as he lifts it up and down. 

It's so good..so right. I feel like I could never stop. I really enjoy riding this big old man with his big hands all over me, squeezing my boobies and booty and grunting when I come down on his penis, enveloping it with my tight, hot, wet, soft pussy. He's so big and satisfying. I don't want to stop. After some time and gradual build up, I climax hard onto him, squirting juices that drip down his nice thick shaft that is still pumping me. He comes almost right after, a ton. Ke keeps his penis in me for a bit as we hold each other on the rug.

"Shayla, you are so beautiful. I am so lucky." he says to me.

I smile. "Paul, I really like you and I'm really attracted to you."

He smiles and gives my breast a soft little squeeze.

"You can stay as long as you like."

"I do want to, Paul. You mean it?"

"Hmm Yes sweetie, as long as you're willing to be intimate with me. I'd go crazy living with you without being able to...be with you."

"Oh me too! Don't worry about that!" 

We laugh and kiss deeply, leading to loving and gentle anal sex that just makes me burst with pleasure. I could never leave this man!