 It was 10:30 p.m. and raining, but it was warm in the cafe, too warm. The thermostat on the heater was broken again, and it was 27 degrees celcius inside. 

As Patty was working on her own tonight and there were no customers, she had time to sit and think. And as usual she was thinking about the last time that she had been to bed with a man. God had it been that long. 

It must have been four months now. 

Yes, four months, who was he? What was his name? 

The night had been so ordinary, as had the sex, that she just couldn’t remember any of the fine details. What had happened? That's right, it's starting to come back now. 

It had started off as just a few drinks with the girls that soon got out of hand. She let him pick her up in the bar and take her back to a seedy motel, where they fucked until he was finished. Then she caught a taxi home and went to bed, where she played with herself to relieve the tension that he was unable to remove from her body. 

What was his name?

As she was thinking of that night she undid the top three buttons of her uniform to try and cool off. As she fumbled with the third button, her long painted fingernails brushed her cleavage, causing a chill to run the length of her spine, God it had been a long time.

Patty noticed the time and thought " nobody ever comes into this place after 10, so why not? ". She was feeling so turned on, and frustrated at not having a man to treat her as she needed to be treated, that she threw caution to the wind and removed her brief silk panties, she so much enjoyed the feel of silk against here ass and recently shaved pussy. She placed her panties in her handbag and looked at herself in the mirror "not bad for 32!" she said aloud. 

She bent over forwards and checked out her tits in the mirror, then turned around and bent over checking out her ass. "If someone comes in, at least they won't see too far up my dress, and they just might get a thrill from seeing this much cleavage!" she said, as she squeezed her tits together and enjoyed the sensation as she felt the pressure, and the lust building within her. In her haste for relief, Patty forgot to put the closed sign in the window and lock the door.

She removed from her handbag that trusted companion 'vinnie' the vibrator. Patty sat on the table in the kitchen with lust in her eyes and a lump of anticipation in her throat. As she made herself comfortable, she undid two more buttons of her uniform, and her right hand was inside immediately caressing the exposed flesh. Although her tits were not too large, they weren't too small either. They were just right, as she had been told by more than one man, and they still don't sag she thought, even though she hadn't worn a bra in years.

While Patty's right hand was busy kneading her breasts and tweaking her already swollen nipples, her left hand was guiding 'vinnie' up and down her thighs and across the entrance to her inner delights. Just when she could take no more of the pleasure that she was experiencing, it seemed as though 'vinnie' developed a mind of his own and took control of her left hand, guiding himself home.

She was lying on the table with her tits out and the hem of her dress up around her waist, her feet were placed on the table against her ass cheeks and her thighs spread. With her left hand ramming the vibrator in and out of her cunt in a blur, Patty's right hand moved down over her body to find her clitoris. With the stimulation of both hands, she knew that it would only be a matter of moments before the relief that was so needed came crashing over her. The feelings that she was experiencing were so intense that Patty's squeals of pleasure could have been mistaken for cries of pain. "Oh my god I need a man" patty exclaimed as her breathing was returning to normal. 

Just then the bell above the door rang.

"Fuck" thought Patty as she tried to straighten herself up. She did up the two of the five buttons and went to see to her customer. On passing the mirror she noticed how flushed her face was and said to herself " there ain't much I can do about that now".


The man was standing in the middle of the cafe looking around confused. "I wasn't sure if you was still open,” he drawled.

"Yeah we're open till eleven" replied patty. The customer looked at his watch but patty read his mind “it’s ok, we’ve plenty of fresh coffee, and it won’t take me no time to cook some food”, why am I trying to keep him here she thought.

He stood about six foot three and looked as though he could use a few extra pounds. He carried a black cowboy hat in his hand, and Patty realised that he had just removed it for her benefit, manners do still exist she thought. He removed his coat and hung it with his hat by the door and then took a seat in a booth by the wall.

Patty brought him a cup of coffee and seemed to notice him for the first time. She noticed his wavy brown hair, the light blue eyes that seemed to have already undressed her, his chiselled features and his big rough strong hands. She realised right then that he knew how to take a woman, and what’s more, he was going to take her whenever he wanted. Patty slowly became aware that he was talking.

“I’m sorry” she stuttered, “what was that?”

“I don’t mean to put you out, ma'am.” He replied.

“Oh don’t be silly, it would have gone to waste anyway.” Patty responded as she placed the cup of coffee on the table before him. She realised that she was leaning over way too far but couldn’t stop herself. My god, she thought, I’m flirting with this guy and I’m going to let him fuck me. No, I want him to fuck me. As she stood up she offered her hand, “I’m Patty,” she said.

“Hi Patty, my name’s Danny,” was his response.

“Hi Danny, are you new in town? You don’t look familiar.”

“No I’ve been out in the woods for about four months and before that I spent a lot of time up north”.

They chatted like this for some time before Patty went for more coffee. She poured him another cup and then reached over the counter for a cloth, as she reached for the cloth she became aware that she still had no panties on, and in this position everything under her dress was visible. She glanced in the mirror behind the counter and saw that Danny’s eyes were glued to her ass and shaven cunt.

“God it’s been a long time”, he thought as his eyes were following the hem of her uniform. Slowly he realised that the hemline was continuing to rise and there was pink flesh where there should have been panties. His cock started to stiffen inside his trousers as he kept watching the peep show happening before his eyes.

Patty retrieved the cloth from the counter and proceeded to clean an imaginary spot on the floor. As she was bent in this position she felt his hands run up her naked thighs to her hips, and then around to her ass.

“My god” she thought “it’s going to happen, I’m going to get some cock, after all this time I’m going to get some real cock”.

He just stood there and let his hands roam over her hips, thighs and ass, pushing the hem of her uniform further up until it was around her waist.

“Stand up and turn around” he ordered, and without a word Patty did as she was told.

“Just what I need, a man to take charge and order me around” she thought. As she stood there facing him he unbuttoned her uniform starting at the bottom. When he had finished he opened the uniform and was removing it from her shoulders when she grabbed his wrists to stop him.

“Somebody might come,” she pleaded.

“The only one coming will be me” he responded.

Her grip eased on his wrists as she thought “I’ll do whatever you want, master!”

When her uniform was on the floor and she was naked he returned to his seat and finished his coffee, leaving her standing in the middle of the café.

“Bacon, eggs, hash browns and toast!” he ordered.

“Yes sir.” She answered, and without a word of complaint patty retreated to the kitchen to fix his meal. While standing over the stove she heard his approach and turned around.

He was standing in the doorway looking down at the table, and the infamous “ vinnie “.

“So you were playing before I came in?”

“Y-yes” she stammered as the embarrassment increased.

“I thought you looked a bit flushed when I first saw you. You really should keep your voice down, I could hear you from the street and at first I thought you were being murdered”.

Patty didn’t know what to say so she turned back to the stove.

“I can’t believe my luck,” thought Danny “at last a beautiful woman that wants to be treated like this. I think I could get used to having this woman around.”

As patty was cooking his meal, she could feel his presence behind her, and the feeling of submission was overwhelming.

“Keep cooking,” he ordered.

“Yes sir” she replied.

“MASTER” he barked.

“Yes master” she answered meekly. Patty kept cooking as she felt his hand come up between her legs, she pushed her ass out and placed her feet further apart to allow easier access to her cunt. Two fingers penetrated her without warning, and she gasped with both surprise and pleasure as the fingers worked in and out of her. Then suddenly the fingers were removed and patty felt a wave of disappointment start to sweep over her when suddenly the fingers were replaced by “vinnie”. Patty moaned with enjoyment as Danny worked the vibrator into her as hard and fast as he could.

When patty appeared to be on the verge of orgasm Danny removed the vibrator and said, “ I said the only one to come would be me!” 

patty was crestfallen as she replied, “yes master, sorry master.”

“Now bring me my meal and more coffee,” Danny ordered her, as he thought, “ god I want to lay her down and fuck her, but if she wants to be treated this way I’ll play along.”

Patty served the meal then returned to the kitchen for a fresh pot of coffee “I wish he’d hurry up and fuck me, I really need him inside me.” While she was waiting for the coffee to brew patty couldn’t help but let her hands start roaming over her body. Her right hand on her tits, squeezing and tweaking while her left hand went her cunt, with two fingers inside herself and her thumb rotating her clitoris. She was becoming almost delirious with desire, a small moan escaped her lips and she instantly knew that it was a mistake, as she was sure that he had heard.

“ The only person to come will be me!” he barked.” And bring me my coffee!”

“I’m bringing it now, master.” She answered.

As she finished pouring his coffee he was still eating so she stood there with her hands by her sides and asked, “ will there be anything else master?”

“ Yeah, climb under the table and suck my cock!” Danny ordered.

“Yes master” she responded.

As she climbed under the table and between his legs she thought to herself “ it’s not up my cunt but at least it’s inside me, and while I’m under here I can bring myself off without him knowing.”

When she had undone his belt and trousers she realised that this would be the first time that she had touched him. The only contact between them had been one way, his way.

As she fumbled in his pants, she was finally able to feel his cock, it felt so hot and hard and strong. It had been too long since she had been this close to a real man, her lust for him was almost beyond control, she was so moist. As her head came down to meet his cock her tongue came out to lick the eye, and she became aware that his lust for her was also over the top. As patty’s mouth opened to allow the bulbous head of his cock to enter, she slowly started to run her right hand along the inside of his thigh until it rested against her right tit. As she pinched her own nipple, she approached that fine line between pleasure and pain.

With the head of his cock inside her mouth, patty closed her lips and applied suction, allowing her head to travel down the length of his shaft. A light kind of vibration was felt by Danny, which caused his cock to jump a little in the early build up to orgasm. The vibration was caused by patty having a little laugh to herself as she thought, “ why do they call it a blow job when all you do is suck?” the strange things people think at times like this.

Patty loved the feel of having his cock in her mouth, her head was moving up and down as her mouth continued to maintain maximum suction. Up and down the shaft her lips traveled as her teeth lightly raked the skin of his cock. Her saliva had coated the shaft of his cock to the point of running down into his matted pubic hair, and soaking his shorts.

Danny was enjoying her ministrations to such an extent that he could not continue with his meal. He didn’t want to come just yet so he ordered her to stop, which pissed patty right off, as she had not had time to get her hand to her cunt to bring herself off.

“ I hate it when he does that” she thought.

“clean this table off.” He ordered

“Yes master” patty replied as she climbed from beneath the table. Not caring any longer about her nudity, she cleaned the table and took the dirty dishes to the kitchen, when she returned he was standing by the table and she went to his side. He had removed his trousers and shorts and stood with only his boots on below the waist, and his erection standing straight out. 

“God I need that cock to fuck me” thought patty.

As she reached for his cock he stopped her and lifted her onto the table, laying her on her back. Instinctively she wrapped her legs around his waist and pulled him towards her. She grabbed hold of his hot hard cock and guided him up to the moistness of her steamy cunt. But he would not allow her to make contact, and patty was starting to become frantic, she needed to feel his hardness inside her. And she needed to feel it now.

H

e just stood there and allowed the very tip of his love muscle to caress the outer lips of her womanly charms.

Patty stared into this mans face and saw a look of wickedness gleaming in his eyes as he stared back at her.

“Not yet, I want you to beg for it.” He said.

“Oh yes master, please now master, I need it now master, I need you now master.” She moaned.

“What do you need?” demanded Danny.

“I need your cock.” She answered.

“But you already have it in your hands,” he responded.

“No” she cried. “I need your cock inside my cunt. I need to be fucked. I need you to fuck me now.”

“Ask nice.” He toyed.

“Oh please give it to me. Please fuck me. Please master.” She begged.

With a smile on his face he allowed her to guide his cock into the moistness of her eager cunt. The tightness of her waiting pleasure pit amazed him, and it took all of his will power to hold back the release that was approaching like a tidal wave.

“Ohhh,” moaned patty as the full length of his cock entered her, until his nuts were nestled against the crack of her ass.

“God that feels good, it’s been too long.” Groaned Danny.

“Oh yeah. I’ve needed this for so long.” Replied patty as she felt him thrusting the length of his swollen cock into the depths of her cunt. With the intensity of their fucking, neither of them could last long, and it was patty that was climbing the ladder to ecstasy the fastest. But before she could climb all the way to the top Danny withdrew from inside her. He didn’t want to come just yet, he wanted to draw her out a bit longer, to tease her until she cracked and then she would be his without a doubt.

“I think it’s time for a beer.” Demanded Danny.

“Oh no, not now.” She begged.

“I said it’s time for a beer!” he ordered, “Now get me a beer. And keep your hands away from your body. I don’t want you playing with yourself.

“Yes master” she responded. As she rose from the table she looked at the man that was giving her so much pleasure and pain. He was standing there with his swollen cock sticking out in front of him covered with her juices and glistening in the light. God she needed the release that was so overdue. Danny didn’t want a beer, all he wanted was to relieve the pressure in his nuts, but he knew that he was going to come soon and he wanted to tease this woman as much as he could.

Patty returned with the beer and handed him the opened stubbie, which he placed on the next table. He turned and took a long look at the naked woman standing before him, she was beautiful. Lust built in every nerve of his body and he decided that the time for playing was over, he wanted her and he wanted her now. He turned her to face the table and bent her over so that her ass was sticking up in the air, and her cunt was open waiting for him. He grabbed hold of her hips and leaned towards her eager pussy. Patty reached between her legs to help guide his pulsating member into her waiting sex, but the action was unnecessary as his cock found its own way as though they had fucked a thousand times before.

She fondled his nuts as he pounded into her, and thought “if I wasn’t so close to coming I’d get him to fuck me in the ass, but god I need to get this over with.” As she climbed closer to the top of that magic ladder.

“While your hand’s down there, play with yourself and leave my nuts alone. There too fucking sore.” Ordered Danny.

It wasn’t that his nuts were sore; he was so close to coming he didn’t need any extra sensations to bring him off any quicker. As Danny was pounding into her deliciously wet cunt from behind patty had found her very erect clitoris, and she knew that it wouldn’t take much to get her over the top.

The feeling of the fucking that she was getting from Danny’s cock, and the pressure of her own fingers on her clitoris took her there. Danny could feel the walls of her cunt tightening, and knew that they were both reaching the peak at the same time. 

His thrusting quickened as the pressure mounted and he could not hold back any longer. The floodgates opened and he spasmed into her waiting cunt, filling her with his seed. When she felt him coming, her own orgasm was heightened and they both cried out in pleasure as the tension of many long months alone, was instantly released.

When Danny had finished, he picked up the uniform that was lying where it had fallen, and wiped his cock clean with it before throwing it to patty and telling her to get dressed. As he dressed himself and drank his beer he realized that he was glad to be back.

“I wish that mining company wouldn’t keep me away so long, six months without you is just too damn long.” He said

“I know what you mean,” replied patty.

“Hurry up and lock this place will you, I want to get you home and spend the next week in bed.” Danny said.

“I’ll drink to that.” Replied Danny’s wife as she took a long refreshing drink from his beer.

The end