 A week after our shopping trip with the first lesson of modeling what was purchased, Paula called to see if I would like to go shopping again with her. Of course, I readily agreed.

"Okay, I'll be there at 9:00 am sharp tomorrow," she told me.

"Don't be late," I said.

"I promise, I will be there at 9."

And with that Paula hung up the phone. I spent Friday evening straighten up my home in anticipation of another romp with lovely Paula.

On Saturday I got up early, had a nice breakfast of eggs and bacon and took a long hot shower. I would have take a cold shower to calm down my raging hard-on, but I needed the hot water to relax so I could take my time pleasuring Paula. I didn't bother getting dressed since I anticipated stripping Paula was soon as she got in the front door. However, 9 am came and went and no Paula. At 9:21, the doorbell was rung by Paula.

"Sorry, I'm late," she said. As she came into my house wearing a short mid-thigh summer dress with no back and high-heels.

"Do you know how late you are?" I replied as I led her over to the couch and kissed her passionately while unsnapping the top of the dress at her neck.

"It is only 20 minutes late."

"I know, but you promised," as I stroked her back and butt. I was happy to realize that she was wearing a g-string as I squeezed her cheeks.

"I'm sorry, I won't do it again." she whispered.

"No, I don't believe you."

"What can I do to persuade you," Paula said while untying my robe. "I'll do anything!"

"Well there is one thing . . ."

"What? Whatever it is I'm your girl!!!"

"Okay, I want you to lay your stomach over my lap," I replied. And with that Paula laid down on my lap with her perfect rear in the air and only covered by a thin piece of material between her cheeks.

"Now What?" she asked.

"How late were you?"

"Twenty minutes"

"Okay, then. As your second lesson, you must learn punctuality!" and with that statement I smacked her butt sharply with my hand.

"OUCH! That hurt!" she cried out and tried to get up, but I held her down rather forcibly.

"There are 19 more to come, Paula my dear. One spank for every minute you were late. Maybe that will teach you to be on time in the future."

With that I smacked her butt three times in rapid succession leaving both sides a pinkish color. It was not easy with Paula squirming on my lap, especially on my cock, but Paula needed to learn Lesson Two.

"Please don't," she cried. "I won't do it again!"

I did not reply as I methodically laid six more smacks on that perfectly tanned bottom, three per side. After that, with Paula whimpering, I began to massage her butt. I also pulled down her g-string and was amazed at how wet it was. After it was fully removed, Paula spread her legs for me while I began to massage her swollen lips. As soon as I touched them she began to moan and pump her butt up and down. 

When I reached her clit, Paula cried out, "Oh God! YEEEEESSSSSSSS!" I stopped then and gave her six more smacks on her butt while I was squeezing her left breast and nipple.

"Oh, please, yes, on my God," Paula screamed out as my left hand pinched her nipple and two fingers of my right hand slid into her wet pussy.

"Are you going to be a good girl and be on time in the future?' I asked her gently.

I think Paula was too busy pumping my fingers in her pussy to answer me. I continued to pump her to the verge of orgasm when I removed my fingers from her juicy lips.

"NOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!" she cried out. "I was almost there!"

With that, I gave Paula her last four smacks with every force I had. Her butt cheeks wer very red, but with the last smack, Paula cried out "YEEEEEEESSSS!" as she climaxed. I began rubbing her cheeks and pussy as she came down from her orgasm. I woud not let her up as I starting rubbing her clit softly and gently around and around. Paula began pumping her butt up in the air again and I knew she needed to cum again.

Just before she came I pulled out my fingers, slid out from under Paula and rammed my rock hard cock into her dripping pussy. I grabbed her blond hair in both hands and proceeded to pound her pussy mercilessly. The only sounds I could hear from Paula was moaning and the occasional "Oh Yes".

I knew I could not hold out long, but I did until Paula climaxed and then I shot my load into her. Paula's entire body was quivering and she had goosebumps over her part her body that I could see. I pulled out of her then and sat next to her on the couch lightly caressing her back and cheeks.

"That was incredible!" she breathlessly said. And then she turned around and took my cock into her mouth and began to lick and suck it back to life. Paula even sucked and licked my balls clean of all our combined juices. She proceeded to deep throat me until I shot another load down her throat.

Paula looked up at me with the lovely blue eyes twinkling and said, "If I'm bad again, do I get another spanking . . .