 Paula used to work with my wife, in fact, sat next to her for the past 2 years. That was until my wife was killed in a tragic accident a few months ago. Paula is a petite blond with a killer body and an unbelievable southern accent. Unfortunately, Paula was married to a real jerk; a man who treated her like a piece of furniture and ignored their son. 

A few months after my wife's funeral, Paula called me and asked it I wanted to go shopping with her.

"Why, "I asked.

"Because silly, you need to get out. Plus I promised your wife I would check up on you," Paula answered. "Besides, Ivette always told me you enjoyed going shopping with her all the time."

"Okay, when do you want to go," I replied.

"I'll be at your house tomorrow at 9 am to pick you up."

"That'll be fine with me, but . . . . . "

"Sorry, gotta go. We'll talk tomorrow," Paula said as she hung up.

At 9 am, Paula knocked on my door and as I opened it, she knocked me out with her outfit. She was wearing a sundress with the back so low, I caught a glimpse of her tattoo and a pair of mid heeled sandals. I got real hard in an instant. After all, it had been months since I had been with someone.

"Thank you for that greeting, but you can close your mouth now," Paula said as she stepped into my house. 

"Sorry," I mumbled.

"That's okay. I don't mind. Are you ready for me?" she asked coyly.

"Sure, let's go shopping."

"What did you want to tell me last night," Paula said as she climbed into my SUV. 

"One of the rules that we had for shopping was that you have to model for me whatever you come back with."

"I know that silly and you won't have to worry because I'll model for you when we get back to your house."

Well we got to the mall sooner that I hoped since I was checking out Paula's legs that whole way there. But we got there without any mishaps and in a flurry Paula was picking out clothes and asking me to hold them until she went into the dressing room. While she was in there trying on her outfits, I went over to the lingerie area and picked out a matching sheer black bra and thong set and then found a pair of sexy black high heeled shoes. I made my purchases and hurried back to the dressing area to find that Paula wasn't done yet. Well I hurried out to my vehicle and dumped my purchases in the back.

"There you are." Paula squealed, I thought I lost you."

"No, I was just looking around for something nice for you," I replied casually.

"Like what?"

"Like this dress, it would go nice with your eyes."

"Flatterer, but you are right. I'll be right back." And with that said Paula dashed back into the dressing room.

Paula finally made her purchases and we got back to my SUV. I put the bags in the back while Paula got in the passenger seat. She never knew about the little purchase I had made for her to model for me. After a quick bite to eat we made it back to my house and I grabbed the bags and placed them on my bed, but my bag I moved under the bench seat. Paula took her outfits into one of the walk-in closets to change. She made me close my eyes each time she came out to see my reaction. I could tell she was pleased, since I always gave her a second up and down lust filled look while checking out her outfits. 

"Oh, this was so much fun that we have to do it again, " Paula exclaimed.

"Wait you are not done. Here is another outfit you came back with? And with that said I handed her my purchases for her.

Her eyes grew very big as she pulled out the matching bra and thong and then the high heels before saying "I can't model this for you."

"Why not"

"Well, because I didn't buy it."

"Our agreement was whatever you came back with, you would model for me. And besides, I don't bite."

"Okay." And with that said Paula walked back into the closest and asked me once again to close my eyes. When she was in front of me, she told me to open them up.

I was stunned by how good she looked in the sheer black fabric. Her nipples were fully erect and her pussy was completely bare. I asked her to turn around for me. After she did I admired her rear for a long, long time.

"Well how do you like it, since you so obviously bought it for me?" Paula asked coyly.

"You are beautiful. May I?

"May you what"

With that I reached out to stroke her cheeks lightly sending a quiver up Paula's luscious body. I stood up and ran my hands up her sides until I reached her breasts. I slowly ran my hands over them gently teasing them until I heard Paula moan. I kissed her neck on both sides and I squeezed her nipples in my fingers and her body jest melted back into mine. Since she wasn't topping me, I trailed my hands down past her stomach and under her thong. Paula parted her legs to give me access to her pussy. I stopped at her clit and massaged it between my thumb and index finger.

"Oh, GOD, yes," Paula cried out. "More, please, more!!!!"

I removed my hand from her thong and kissing her back removed her bra and then her thong. I trailed my tongue down her crack while Paula moaned a long drawn out "O." I got her thong off and left her in her heels while I grasped her cheeks in each hand while I rimmed her anus. That got a much bigger "O" what of Paula.

I then turned her around and while I still knelted at her feet, I begin kissing my way up her thighs until I buried my tongue deep into her wet, juicy pussy. 

"OH, God, don't stop. PLEASE don't stop!" Paula cried out. 

I kept licking her pussy and clit until Paula finally succumbed to a full body orgasm that if I wasn't holding her up but her butt cheeks, she would have fallen down. I then stood up and carried Paul to the bed. I ripped off my clothes and proceeded to ram my eight inches of cock up her pussy. Paula wrapped her legs around my thighs and pulled me tighter against her. Soon we began a good steady rhythm that lasted for about ten minutes. Paula had at least 3 orgasms until I shot my load deep inside her. 

"I can't wait until we go shopping again," Paula whispered to me as she was getting ready to go back home.