 Author's Note: This story tells what happened that night, in "Paul's Little Game Ch. 01", through Todd's experience.

*

For a local cover band, they had quite a following. Fans checked in each week to see if pictures from the last show might be posted yet. The guitar player, among my best of friends, asked if I could take pictures for them again this weekend. They were nearing the end of the second set. Having taken crowd shots from the stage, I started to make my rounds in the room. Couples posed together, the women insisting that their dates have their picture taken with them. Groups of alcohol loosened women would pull me to their table to get a group shot to commemorate their girls' night out. "Is this going to be on the internet?" was a common question.

"Maybe," I would tell them with a grin. "I take the pics, but the band decides what to post."

Some would threaten, "Well this one better make it on the web site. I'm gonna be lookin' for it, and if it's not there you're gonna be in trouble mister!"

I just laughed off one such exchange as a single little lady at the bar caught my eye. She looked stunning, and somewhat out of place in a bar like this. She was kind of short, with shoulder length blonde hair. She wore red lipstick, and appeared sleek and sophisticated in a mid-length black skirt and white halter. Bare shoulders and back advertised that she was not wearing a bra. Panties? I would employ the very best of my voyeuristic skills to try and find out.

On to the next table, and as I focused in for the picture, I noticed in the background that she was looking this way. Flash. Lowering the camera, my eyes made contact with hers. She gave me a little shy, but friendly smile and looked away. As I worked the room, I would glance back her way from time to time. She seemed to be aware that I was paying attention.

Back to the stage as the last few measures of the set filled the room, the bass player stopped me before he set down his instrument. He asked, "Gettin' any good pics?"

I knew what he was really asking; if anyone had bared their breasts for the lens. "Not what you're lookin' for, but I snuck a few shots of this cutie at the bar when she wasn't looking." I tilted the camera display so that he could see, and started flipping through three images of the mystery girl at the bar. By that time, the whole band had gathered and made comments about how hot she was. One shot in particular caught everyone's attention, as it showed how her top allowed a nice side-blouse view of the outside swell of one of her full, firm breasts. My friend told me I should go introduce my self. I looked back in her direction, finding that she was also looking my way. I gave her a kind of surprised smile, as if to say, "busted!"

A few minutes more of chatting with the band members and it was time to take some more photos. The D.J. had picked up where the band left off while they took their breather, and there were some picture worthy moments at the dance floor as the girls responded to the dance music in contrast to the harder rock that was previously playing. Moving through the crowd, and back through the tables, I got some memorable shots for the guys. I planned my path through the room to get me to my ultimate destination; the bar, where I could finally speak to this lovely creature. I looked her way between photos, and grew nervous, wondering how I might break the ice with her. My heart pounded as I got closer. My glances were sometimes returned; some reassurance that she would indeed be open to some conversation with me.

She was turned away from the stage when I approached. I stood behind her for a moment before she turned to face me. "Hi, I'm Todd. I'm the band photographer. Would you care if I took your picture?" I thought to myself just how un-smooth of a move it really was to use the camera bit to break the ice.

She humored me, placing her drink on the bar and gave me a pretty smile as she sat up straight for her pose. "I'm Jenn," escaped her smile as she extended her hand. I shook her hand, taking a moment to caress it with my thumb before letting it go. She asked how I became the photographer and I just explained how I knew the guys and that they needed someone to take pictures that weekend.

It seemed hardly any time had passed, but the band was back on stage, starting the last set. The noise made it hard to talk, as we chit-chatted about this and that. We were shouting, and she was leaning a bit too far in her stool to stay poised, so her hand came up to my chest to steady herself. I couldn't help but wonder if it was planned as we made eye contact, and my heart skipped a beat. I held her at the waist to keep her from falling off the stool. The shouting became too much, and Jenn used hand gestures to let me know she could hardly understand me over the noise. I took her hand and led her out to the parking lot.

Outside, the mayhem of the bar was muffled. "Is this better," I asked over the ringing that lingered in my ears.

"Yes," she said with a relieved expression. "This is much better. Thank you." We began to talk a bit, finally able to communicate with ease. We made eye contact often, and she was getting a bit touchy-feely, with my arms and hands. Strange how such innocent contact can bring a reaction in a man. There was a spark between us, and we embraced. She looked up to me, and we came together in a tender kiss. The kiss broke for a fleeting moment, then we were joined again, this time with her tongue flicking my lip, then retreating, followed by my tongue reacting in-kind.

Some guys were starting to cheer us on from across the parking lot. "Is there someplace we could be alone?" I asked her with mock aggravation.

"Let's go sit in my car," Jenn said, as if she were looking for any excuse. She led me by the hand to the far corner of the lot.

She released my hand to allow me to get in the passenger seat, while she climbed in behind the wheel. As she turned to face me, I took her face in my hand and guided her lips to mine. Lost in our kiss, my hand wandered down her neck, over her shoulder, and came to rest at the side of her breast, what was bared by the gaping top. She reacted with a sharp intake of breath, a gasp and an arch of her back that let me know she wanted more. My own breath was becoming deeper, my heart pounding, and the stir in my cock that started the first time she touched me then became an aching erection. I moved my hand over the outside of her top to cup her breast and rubbed her already hard nipple through the fabric.

Her hand on my chest moved down, across my stomach, to my belt. She stopped there, and I sensed she needed my approval before she would go any further. I ached for her to touch, that pause increasing my burn. I moved my hand to her face and broke our kiss. I looked into her eyes and whispered to her, "Go ahead, touch me." Her hand moved past my belt and pressed against my cock through my jeans. Her eyes never left mine as she began to rub back and forth across my covered hardness. An animalistic groan escaped my throat, and my hips arched involuntarily, pushing against her hand.

Suddenly, her hand left the front of my jeans. A brief moment of panic struck me as I thought she had come to her senses and was about to kick me out of the car and take off. But to my astonishment, she was reaching under her skirt and pulling her panties down her legs. I watched as I caught a fleeting glimpse of her shaven mound before the skirt fell back down to cover her treasures. She tossed the panties up on the dashboard.

"I was wondering what you had under there," I said with a wicked grin.

"You could have asked," she said, with a look that told me her response surprised even her.

I laughed, "What would you have done, flashed me?"

"Maybe," was her smiling reply. I secretly wondered if I would have been able to snap a picture quickly enough to capture a moment like that.

With her panties off, I knew it was safe to explore without worry that I was pressing my luck. I untied the strings at the top of her blouse so that I could see, completely, the breasts that had teased me though the sides all night. They were beautiful firm breasts, with gorgeous round nipples, stiff and begging for attention. I took one in my mouth, lips surrounding the nipple, tongue flicking over its hardness. My own hardness reached an almost painful state as my cock strained in its confines. I moved to the other breast, repeating my attention. Her chest was rising and falling quickly under her short breaths.

Her hand pulled at the my waistband, but she pulled my head from her chest and gave me a questioning look, as if asking permission to do what she was beginning to do. In my urgency to feel her hands on me, I hurriedly undid my belt and jeans and reached for her hand. I placed it inside my jeans, breathing a deep sigh of relief as her fingers curled around it and gently stroked me. She began pulling it from the top of my jeans, and I helped her free me completely, exposing my cock to her gaze and the cool night air. She seemed to move with a hunger then, quickly leaning her head past my stomach and touching the tip of my aching cock with her tongue. She circled her tongue around the head, and opened up, taking it inside. The contrast of her hot mouth to the coolness of the night intensified the electric shock that shook me.

I had to explore the treasure hidden beneath her skirt. I slid my hand between her thighs and nudged them open. I lifted the skirt to her waist to see slightly swollen and visibly wet lips, not obstructed by a single strand of hair. I pulled her from my cock and kissed her deeply as my fingers began to explore her slick and heated flesh. I tasted a hint of my own pre-cum on her tongue.

She never broke our kiss as she twisted her lower half over the console, forcing me to give up my exploration between her legs, but allowing me to cup her breasts and gently pinch her nipples as she straddled me. My heart pounded as I felt her wetness at the tip of my cock, slipping gently along her slit to the entrance of her sex. She broke our kiss, and once again looked into my eyes. This time she didn't wait for my approval, she began to slowly descend my hardness. I was lost in exquisite pleasure as she inched her way to full penetration. I kissed her again, with hunger and passion. She had me buried deep inside her, and started rocking, grinding, then slowly raising up and back down, stroking me with her velvety smooth sheath. I grasped her hips, helping her move over me, guiding her as we melted into each other. The grasp she had on my cock increased its pressure, and I felt her begin to contract around me. Her hips began to move in a less deliberate back and forth motion, pumping me harder and faster as her orgasm neared. A sudden spasm and jerk of her hips told me she was there. The spasms increased my own pleasure as my cock, growing more sensitive, was being milked by her hot, quivering center.

I closed my eyes, tilting my head back against the head rest. Unintelligible sounds escaped my lips. I was nearing my own release. She leaned her face to mine and gently kissed me as I exploded inside her with an uncontrollable shudder, and several almost violent thrusts against her wetness.

Moments passed as she lay against me; my fingers exploring her back. As our breathing began to return to normal, she leaned back. "Wow," she said with a weak smile.

"Yea, wow!" was my reply with little grin of my own. Returning to our senses, we knew we couldn't stay there like that, so we began putting ourselves back together. She touched up her lipstick and fixed her hair as I watched, amazed, at what had just taken place with this beautiful woman I had only just met. She didn't put her panties back on, just placed them in the glove box. I felt another stir at the realization that she would be pantyless the rest of the night. We talked about seeing each other again sometime, and exchanged phone numbers.

We walked back to the bar, and I was surprised to see that we had been out there for the entire third set. The crowd had thinned considerably, the band was already breaking down their equipment, and the house lights were up. The drummer saw me walk back in and called for me. All the guys looked up and were grinning. I blushed with embarrassment, knowing they were going to badger me for details of what happened out there. I gave Jenn a hug and a peck on the cheek before smiling and telling her I would see her later. I walked back to the stage, met by the band members' laughs and cheers.

I made some comments letting them know that I had spent all that time with Jenn and we had gotten to know each other, eluding to the fact that something happened, but avoiding details. "Did you get any pictures?" was the question from the lead singer. I just rolled my eyes.

I thought I would check back with Jenn at the bar and say goodnight properly before heading home, so I turned to head that way. Her bar stool was empty. My gaze panned the room and I found her in a booth. There with her was another guy. No surprise that someone would be trying to pick her up, but he kissed her; her face and her neck, best I could tell. And he to was overdressed for this hole-in-the-wall bar. The realization hit me that he was no stranger. I must have been set up; a pawn in their little fantasy game. I laughed to myself, "So this is how a horny couple spends their Saturday nights." I couldn't help but wonder if my part of the game was complete, or if I should go introduce myself. They answered my unspoken question by getting up to leave. I'm not sure if she intentionally gave me one more glimpse of freshly fucked pussy as she exited the booth, or if it was purely accidental. It gave me a thrill none the less. She glanced my way, with flushed cheeks and a sheepish grin as she turned toward the door.

The man guided her to the exit, arm around her waist. Just as she stepped out of view, he turned toward me, making eye contact. As he made the last step through the doorway, his hand raised to his ear; thumb and pinky extended, other fingers curled; the universal signal for, "call me." Stunned, I could only watch, open mouthed, as he disappeared. I pulled her phone number from my pocket. I just shook my head as what I just witnessed sunk in, and laughed again, "Oh yea, this is gonna be fun."