 It was four AM. I'd just woken up and was fucking my Realdoll, called Tiffany, up the ass for exercise and practice, just as I did every morning. One of the girls from my harem had cleaned and positioned her yesterday evening in doggy, with a deep back arch, for just this purpose. 

I squatted down behind her, with my feet out to either side of her ass, and fed my hard, lubed-up cock up her tight, perfectly created, also lubed-up, tight latex asshole. It stretched easily around the two-inch girth of my twelve-inch long meat. An air-pocket made her 'fart' as I slid my cock up her ass, and there was a faint smell of rubber, but afterwards my thrusts up her hole were virtually silent, unless, as it did happen once in a while, I pulled right out of her asshole and forced air back into her rubber ass, which would be expelled as another 'fart' as I fucked her.

Tiffany's long, fake, straight platinum blonde hair hung down to the floor, as did her huge, soft, rubbery H-cup boobs with their big, ever-hard rubber nipples. Her perfectly formed female body was a masterpiece of fucking sexy practical art, the most divine 'masturbational aid' ever wrought. She was so fucking realistic that it was nearly like fucking an actual babe. I daresay, I fucking loved that sexy willing rubber three-holed slut.

Tiffany's gorgeous rubber 18-year-old face, with it's full, pouting, bright cherry-red lipstick'd lips, ever willing to take my cock to the hilt, and huge brown eyes with their thickly black-mascara'd lashes, shook slightly as I fucked her hole, her expression forever the same, sexy, and unmoving.

I'd start each day with a thousand thrusts or more (ten minutes of fucking) up one of her holes in doggy. It toned my quads (and glutes for that matter) like you wouldn't believe, and gave me some of the necessary ejaculatory control and stamina required to fuck as many girls each day as I did, not to mention it felt fucking good as hell, too.

You may be wondering why not just fuck a real girl every morning. Well, I do that later anyway. It was a special time for me to fuck an emotionless, yet hot as hell, girl's fuck-holes in any way I pleased, with no strings attached whatsoever, since she was, after all, made of latex. But this would be obvious to anyone who's ever tried a Realdoll. Trust me, they are well worth the initial investment.

Sweat trickling down my naked body, my ten minutes of jackhammering up Tiffany's ass finished, I pulled out of her rubber crap-hole with a 'plop!'ing sound, gave her perfect rubber ass a smack, and headed for the shower. It felt like it was gonna be a good day.

Later that day I headed on down to my Porn Archives.

I sat in front of a big computer screen browsing my millions of compiled digital hot-babe pics and movies. Erica, a gorgeous redhead and longstanding member of my harem with massive fake tits and a perfectly waxed-smooth snatch, sat behind me, reaching around and jerking me off as I gazed at pic after pic of hot, nude babes.

Her hand was well lubed-up around my hard, twelve-inch cock. She stroked it faster and slower as I asked her to, sometimes playing with my balls instead.

These sorts of sessions usually ended up with me fucking the girl who was jacking me off, and often simultaneously making a little porn film of us for to enjoy at a later time.

Erica was no exception to the rule. What a hot babe she had been.

"Oooh, you like that one, Honey, I can tell!" she said referring to an especially hot high definition pic of some European babe spreading her oily ass cheeks wide open towards the camera.

"I like them all, Babe. Keep jerkin' my cock."

Erica's head snaked around my waist sneakily, and she took my fuck-knob into her sweet, hot sucking mouth.

"Oh, fuck! Don't do that or I'll have to fuck you right away," I said, only half-teasing, starring at a pic of a hot 'amateur' babe spreading open her pussy straight into the camera.

"Fuck, can you do that?" I asked her.

Erica looked up and without hesitation answered, "Yes."

"Good answer! Climb up here on my fucking lap, babe. I want to feel my cock up your fucking pussy while I look at porn..."

"Yes, Baby," Erica purred dutifully, obviously pleased.

Her long, shapely leg and thigh were lifted up, over and across my lap, and she used her hand to guide my hard cock straight up her wet cunt as she sat down on me. Bliss!

Her enormous fake tits brushed my face, and my cock flexed hungrily up inside of her.

She closed her eyes and said breathily, "Fuck me, Paul."

She rocked her hips up and down slowly on my cock, its length sliding nearly fully in and out of her silky-smooth wet pussy with each of her thrusts, as I gazed over her shoulder at pic after pic of smoking-hot naked anonymous babes from the internet, often with cocks shoved up their slutty holes.

"I want to cum, Erica," I said.

"Oh, fuck yes, Paul! Cum in my pussy! Oh, fucking cum in me, yes! Fuck me! Oh, cum in me, please! Oh fucking fuck my pussy hard! Fucking cum in my hot, tight, wet little cunt!" she continued as the rhythm of her bouncing ass increased in a crescendo, my dick fucking her tight cunt deep. 

I kept browsing the pics until I found an insanely hot pic of a babe sucking her middle finger with her waxed-bald cunt in the foreground. 

"Are you ready, Angel? Are you ready for my hot cum?"

"Oh, fuck yes, Paul! Fucking cum in me now!" I gripped her tits hard, one in each of my hands, and squeezed them tight as I bucked my hips back up into hers, my cock sliding deeper than ever up her hot, tight, wet velvety cunt.

"Aaaaah!" I cried in ecstasy as I blasted an enormous load of hot cum up the girl's womb.

"Ooooh!" she cried in return, cumming hard herself, her pussy spasming firmly around my cumming shaft, and gushing in my lap.

"Oh, Erica!" I moaned, jerking my cumming shaft desperately halfway up her sloppy pussy with my right hand, shooting the last exquisite blasts of my cum up her sweet pussy-hole, reaching around her slender waist and gripping her large, perfect ass with my left as I pumped her full of cum. I let go of my cock, reached around behind her and gripped her ass hard now with both my hands and squeezed, pressing my spent but still hard cock deep up into her hot wet womb.

"Mmmm," she moaned with lustful satisfaction, obviously quite pleased with the outcome of these events.

We rested for a moment in an afterglow, then she got off of me, my spent dick sliding out of her cum-filled pussy-hole with a 'shlop!'ing sound.

"I love you, Babe," I felt like saying from the heart.

"I love you, too, Boss," she answered, kissed my forehead and left to clean herself up.

I got up shortly afterwards smiling, and headed for a shower.