 One warm summer night, we are out walking, talking, holding hands. We just had dinner and some wine and we are just interested in wandering around. You have on a long, sun dress. And as you were feeling a bit wild that day, you wore one that should have required a slip but you didn't. The light in the restaurant was subdued so no one noticed. But, I did. I was sitting next to you and I was touching your leg, like I always do, when we are out. I felt the warmth of your skin through the thin material. And as I looked into your eyes, you gave me that little wink and raised eyebrow. 

As we were leaving, I was holding your arm and you decided to tease me by drawing it across your chest. It was very subtle and demure and also very exciting as I could feel the fullness of your breast as my hand was squeezed against it by your movements. We leave the restaurant and as we are going down in the elevator, with a group of other people, you press your back to my front and do a little shimmy. You know that drives me wild. These small moments that no-one else knows.

While walking on the street, you stop to look at something and, then as you turn around I notice that the sun is behind you. I can see your long legs through the dress and I can see the outline of your panties and bra in silhouette. You have a wonderful smile on your face when I finally work my eyes up that far. The look on your face as I let out a slow whistle is almost wanton. You know that you are going to have your way with me tonight and there is nothing that I can do to stop it. Not that I would ever want to. 

As I am standing in stunned silence at your brazen actions, you slowly walk up to me and take my hand and bring it to your lips. You kiss each finger, once by one. All the while you are staring deep into my eyes and slowly unbuttoning the top few buttons of your dress. Breaking your gaze, I notice that there is a sheltered spot half way up the block with a tall brick wall surrounding the courtyard. I grab your hand and we walk, in a leisurely pace to the opening to the courtyard and we take a glance in. It is empty, except for a bench in the corner which you guide me towards. 

As I turn around I realize that you had taken the initiative and unbuttoned the rest of your dress and I can see that you are wearing the ensemble I had gotten for you on my last trip. A pale blue bra and panty made out of whisper soft silk. From the back, no one would know that you are almost naked, the view is just for me. 

You push gently on my chest and I fall back onto the bench. You come forward and reach out and grab my head and pull it to you. I take the hint and start to kiss your stomach. Slowly and with delicate care I taste your navel. And your rib cage. Kissing my way up to your wondrous breasts. I stick out my tongue, mimicking your nipple. And lightly touch tip to tip. You shiver deliciously as you run your fingers through my hair. Guiding me from spot to spot, I nip, kiss, touch, taste and you sigh contentedly.  

Unable to resist anymore, I slip my hands between your dress and your body, pulling you closer. My hands are running lightly up and down your back. Softly, almost floatingly, my fingertips trace the way from your shoulders, to the V at the small of your back. You arch your back, giving me more surface area to touch and also forcing your breast into my mouth for me to suck harder.

Now I am lightly tracing my fingertips over your back, down over your bottom and to your legs. I can feel the goose bumps that I generate with the light touch. It feels wonderful to know that I can cause such sensation in your skin. 

I want more contact with your skin now so I start to massage your legs and work my way up to your lovely behind. I work the muscles in your bottom, and you move closer and climb up so you are kneeling on the bench. Your panties are now next to my face and I can smell your scent. It is intoxicating. I breathe in deeply and wantonly. 

As your legs are spread, my tongue darts out to trace the pattern on your silk panties. You are so wet that I can't resist a little taste so I lean a bit forward to kiss you. You moan as my mouth touches you and I feel the heat that I helped to cause. 

I start to nibble and as I want to get a better taste, I pull your panties to the side. I slip my tongue between your lips and your muscles pull my tongue in deeper. I am almost growling as the scent and taste are making me hungry for you. I move my tongue in and out and then slide up to that certain part that I know will drive you nuts. I tickle that little nub with the tip of my tongue and you jump a bit and then push against my face harder. 

The pressure is building in side of you as I now reach one hand up to your breasts while keeping the other to help hold your bottom close to me. Your nipples are so tight and crinkly that I can't resist tweaking them a bit more. The combination of my one hand one your breasts, the other on your bottom and my mouth are pushing you closer and closer to the edge. 

You start to move your bottom back and forth, almost like you are riding my tongue. It is getting harder and harder to keep my mouth on you. But, I know that it will be worth it for you so I try my best. Your hands are still in my hair and you pull me closer to help me get you to the brink. 

Just when you almost can't stand it any longer it finally happens. Seemingly starting at your toes and the top of your head the feeling works its way up your legs and down your back to your wet, hot center. There the sensations collide and you erupt in a wonderful explosion of feelings. You shudder and collapse inward so I have to hold you tight to keep you safe. I am softly telling you that it is ok and that you are safe and secure and to let yourself go in the feeling of the moment. 

After what seems like eons to you, but is only a few minutes to us mere mortals you start to recover. And as I look up, I see that your eyes are now glowing. You climb down from the bench and taking my face in your hands you kiss me deeply and passionately. Thanking me the best way possible for my helping you to feel that good.