 “I’m really sorry about the other evening at the store. I guess I owe you one,” Jennifer said over the phone. 

“Well I was having a pretty good time, but not as good as you,” I replied.

“I’ll definitely make it up to you. Got to go, Bye.”, and with that she hung up the phone. 

This finished up what little bit had been said since our rendezvous at her store. Things had been going great; Jennifer was coming down off of the natural high from her orgasm when the phone rang. Looking at the ID box she saw that it was her father, so she naturally answered the phone. During the brief conversation, Jennifer playfully pulled at my belt and zipper indicating that she definitely wanted more. I was more than happy to oblige her at that point. Unfortunately, her dad needed her at his house to help with her mother. So our evening of fun was cut short.

Fast forward a couple of days. Slightly flirtatious e-mails had been sent back and forth hinting at our experience, a phone conversation or two that I never could steer to the obvious. Simple little things of this nature had only heightened my desire for her. So it was with some excitement that she asked for my house key. 

“What time wills you are getting home tonight?” she asked.

“I have plans to go fishing with the guys, so it would probably be around 10:00, unless you have a good reason for me to get there earlier.”

“Actually, I was going to clean your house up and fix you a nice dinner if you would like.”

“And?” I asked with a wry smile.

“Don’t get all excited,” she replied,” I just want to try to make it up to you in some small way for leaving you hanging the other night.”

Mother Nature must be paying her monthly visit, I thought to myself. “Well, I still have to meet the guys at 7:00 since they are already out on the boat. So I could probably be back by 8:00. How’s that sound?”

“I will be ready for you then.” She retrieved my key and left. Jennifer had always been really withdrawn physically during that time of the month. I figured at least I would have a clean house and a good hot meal if nothing else. Besides, she didn’t’ realize what she was getting into with trying to clean my house. 

After telling the guys I wasn’t going out with them and having to listen to them bitch about leaving a hot spot to come get me, I finally began the trip home. I kept my mind out of the gutter so as to not let myself be disappointed when nothing happened tonight. I wonder what will be for dinner. I reached for the door handle to let myself in and found that it was locked. Knocking on the door I heard the steps of Jennifer approaching. She opened the door with a rush. Standing there in front of me wearing sweats and her hair pulled up in a bun under a bandana, my hopes for even a possible “interlude” sank like a rock. “What’s with the sheet?” I asked pointing to the passage way from the kitchen to the den. The kitchen hallway had been blocked off from the rest of the house by a big sheet. I could hear the Radio playing some Soft Rock music in the den. 

“You will see after dinner, I didn’t want you to see the work I have done to your house.”

“Ok” So I sat down to eats. Layer out before me was a three course meal of Salad, a nice pasta dish, similar to Lasagna and a nice individual cheesecake. Good food for a hungry man. 

After dinner, I cleaned my dishes off of the table. I purposely placed the dishes in the sink with a lot of commotion so Jennifer would know I was done. As I turned around, she stepped through the sheet and asked how dinner was.

“Delicious. My compliments to the Chef. May I see the rest of the house now?”

“Not quite done yet, so you need to put this on,” and from behind her back she pulled a blindfold. 

Maybe things could get a lot better, I thought. “Sure,” I replied and turned around to let her put it on me. This she deftly did with just the slightest of physical touch. 

“Now follow me.” She took my hand and placed it upon her shoulder, leading me through the den and finally into the master bath. I could hear the water running into the tub and feel the heat from the steam already gathered in the room. She closed the door behind me.

“I have run a hot bath for you to help you relax. But you cannot take off your blindfold until I have left the room and you have got into the tub.” Oooh, intrigue and mystery. Thing were looking up. 

I heard the door open and close again behind me, so I immediately began reaching up to remove the blindfold. I nearly jumped out of my skin when Jennifer said “I knew you couldn’t wait until you got in the tub.”

“Um, I didn’t want to fall and get hurt,” came my lame reply.

“Sure, now please do as I asked”

“Ok” and with a rush she left the room. Now getting out of your clothes and into the tub is not that hard, unless you are blindfolded. I nearly fell twice before finally placing a foot in. I oriented myself and slowly began to sit down. When the bubbles from the bubble bath hit bottom, it tickled me and made be giggle. Finally, I settled all the way down and reached up to remove my blindfold. 

There must have been 30 candles of all shapes and sizes in the room. It really helped to set a relaxing mood. I reached up and turned off the water, only to discover a small radio playing ocean sounds in the corner that I had not noticed over the sound of the running water. Man now this was nice. I could get to like to this. I settled in and began to relax.

After about twenty minutes, the water began to cool and the bubbles subside, so I called out to Jennifer. 

As she poked her head in, I asked if it was OK to get out. “Close your eyes and give me one minute. I will be right back” 

I began to let the water out of the tub and stood up to rinse off the bubbles. As I was rinsing, Jennifer walked into the room carrying a chair with a towel folded on the seat. I cut the water off and looked to the counter for a towel to dry off. Noticing this, Jennifer picked up the towel on the chair and stepped towards me. Did I happen to mention that she was now dressed in a short silk robe and her hair was in a pony tail, just the way I like it. 

“Turn around and face the wall.” 

Following her instructions, I did as she asked. She stepped up to the side of the tub and began to dry my back, with a delicate touch; she worked her way down and across my back, over my butt and down each leg in succession. She then turned me around with her hand movements to face her. She began drying me in the same manner as she did on my back, only briefly spending time around my groin, which was now beginning to show signs of a little activity. 

“Calm down now” she said to me as she was drying my legs, nearly face to face with my cock. 

She stood up and told me to step out of the tub. As I did, she pulled my robe off of the bathroom door and helped me put it on. “Now have a seat in the chair, and I will give you a shave.”

I have had shaves at the local barber, and it was pretty neat, but what Jennifer had planned was incredible. First, she had me lean back and placed a hot towel over my face to help soften my stubble. Next she stepped be behind me and slowly and methodically covered my face with shaving gel. Giving the gel time to work, she retrieved the razor. Next she slowly began to draw the razor up my neck to my jaw line, careful to clean the razor between each stroke. After checking my neck to make sure she didn’t miss a spot, she had me sit up more and face forward.

Next, Jennifer moved around and straddled my lap and sat down. This afforded me a pretty decent view down her robe and I could see hints of another garment under there, however, I sure wasn’t feeling anything rubbing against my thighs. She then proceeded to gingerly shave my cheeks, chin and lips. When I began to ask a question, she placed a finger over my lips and went “No talking for now.”

After my shave, Jennifer stood and walked behind me again. She took the clean hot rag and cleaned my face, checking for missed spots again. Upon completion, she laid the rag down and began a slow scalp massage. The tingling sensations that began with her touching my scalp were going straight down my spine and heading to my other head. Finishing with my scalp, she moved down and began massaging the top of my neck. I was getting so relaxed; I realized the erection I was getting was going away.

After a few minutes more, Jennifer asked me to stand and follow her. So being the recipient of such fine treatment, I fell in right behind her. She led us out of the bathroom, through the bed room, to my disappointment, and into the living room. What met my eyes was an incredible sight.

First I noticed that Jennifer had moved all of the furniture out of the center of the room. Next, she had set up a cot in the middle of the floor. On top of the cot were what appeared to be cushions from the couch, covered by a fabric that looked like fur? She had also taken the time to set up candles all around the room. With soft music playing in the background, I knew I was in for a treat. 

Jennifer led me to the cot and had me lay down on my stomach. She took my robe from me and placed a small towel across my butt, just like a professional. This was getting better by the minute. 

Next she reached under the cot and produced a bottle of scented oil. This she spread on my back and began to work it in. As she worked her way lower, she asked “How does that feel?”

“Very Good,” was my reply, “You sure are loosening up the knots I had back there.”

“Wonderful, you’ll need to be limber for later.”

I tried to raise my head up and look to her, but she reached up and gently pushed my head back down.

Jennifer moved down my back more but stopped as she reached the edge of the towel to my disappointment. Then she shifted and began working up my legs from the feet up. 

The feeling of her touch deeply massaging my calves and then my thighs was so enjoyable. As she progressed up to the towel, I was disappointed again as she stopped for a second time.

“Aren’t you forgetting something back there?”

“No, I just don’t want to give the wrong impression.”

She asked me to flip over and as I did so, she reached across my body to hold up the towel. I was beginning to get the feeling that the night might not be as great as I had began to hope for.

Jennifer began the frontal massage at my chest and slowly worked her way down. Again, stopping just as her hands reached the towel. My excitement for her touch was beginning to show as my erection was slowly returning. 

Once done with the top half, Jennifer started at my feet and began working up again. Now don’t get me wrong, the massage was so relaxing, but I still was hoping for more. 

As she reached my upper thighs, she stopped and reached under the table and pulled out the lotion again. I heard the top flip open, instead of being screwed off like before. 

Imagine my surprise when her hands reached between my legs and were covered in something very cold. I jumped at the sudden difference in temperature, but Jennifer assured me that it was necessary to finish the job.

Jennifer’s hands were now firmly between my thighs only an inch away from my sac, and she was pushing gently pushing them apart as she massaged. I offered no resistance as she continued her finger magic. 

Working higher and higher with her hands, I began to let out little moans of pleasure. Then she gently touched my sac as she continued upward. Each time she worked her hands in the circular motion, she made more and more contact. By now I was hard as a rock and it was evident under the towel. 

“My, oh my." It seems you still have one muscle that needs working on,” she said in a sultry voice as her hand slowly closed around the base of my cock. 

Oh the feeling of her hand there sent waves of tingling sensations coursing throughout my body. 

Slowly she squeezed her finger and thumb in the form of a ring around the base and moved up my shaft. All the while taking her other hand and lightly cupping my balls and massaging them.

Up and down, she moved her hand, finally wrapping all of her fingers around me. Slowly pumping up and down, doing her best to extend my pleasure. 

And boy was she extending it. And that was when I noticed she had moved one of her fingers down below my sac and had begun to slowly push down between my legs. “Careful down there,” I said.

“Don’t worry, if you want me to stop, just say so.”

How could I say no? The pressure she was giving to my prostate area between my legs was driving me crazy, combined with her methodical stroking of my cock. 

Jennifer kept moving her finger back and forth until she finally came into contact with my anus. This sent electricity through my spine as I had never been touched there before in any sexual way. 

“It felt great when you did it to me, and I kind of figured it would do the same for you”

“It does,” was all I could stammer out. 

Jennifer then proceeded to push against my sphincter with her finger. To allow easier access, I eased my legs open as far as I could. Gently, pushing past the ring, Jennifer inserted her finger up my Ass, all the while still striking my cock. 

As she repositioned herself for more comfort, I looked up and straighter into her eyes. The look of raw passion hiding there, waiting to explode made me nearly come. I was very close as it was. 

Jennifer began to twist her finger around inside of me until she found what she was looking for, my prostate. 

She began to gently put pressure on it and move her finger side to side as she quickened her stroke.

“I want to see you come.”

“Well you won’t have to wait long,” I answered.

“I want to watch you shoot your load.” 

That sexy talk as she was servicing me was driving me crazy…

“Let me feel your cock throb in my hand.”

I was getting closer.

“I want you to come like you have never come before.”

I could feel the point of no return rapidly approaching. “I’m going to come.”

“Let me see it” she said in a louder voice as she sped up her stroking.

The tingling began in my toes and moved up my legs…

“Come for me now… Come all over the place….I want to see you blow your load…..”

And then it hit me like a ton of bricks. I shot out my first jet of come with such force it flew past my head….

“OH YEAH….THAT”S IT….COME FOR ME…..”

My cock then settled down to shooting out glob after glob of come onto my chest and stomach as Jennifer continued to stoke me and rub my prostate….

Jennifer slowed her stroke and finally withdrew her hands fro me to let me regain my composure.

“That was incredible. I have never had such an intense orgasm.” I said to her as she sat beside me on the floor. 

“”Like I said, I owed you for the other night at the store.” Jennifer continued to draw light circles around my semi-hard cock while sitting there, talking. And as she continued, an erection began to come on again.

“Seems like you have a pretty quick turn around time,” Jennifer smile at me as she looked over at the magic her fingers had worked.

“Now it is time for both of us to enjoy something…” and with this Jennifer stood and removed her robe. 

Standing there before me, Jennifer was wearing a white corset style top. The push up bra held her 36 B breast up in a manner that made them look even larger. The dark flesh around her nipples was distended and the nipples themselves were standing out, hard as rocks. 

I looked down to see her clean shaven crotch glistening with moisture. Jennifer must have really worked her self up while working on me. 

Slowly she pushed my legs together and climbed on top, straddling me. She leaned over and placed her lips on mine, her tongue hungrily shooting into my mouth, searching for mine. She put her hands on my head and began to gently pull on my hair, turning my head to gain better position. 

She finally removed one hand and reached between her legs and guided my cock into her waiting hole. The warmth and wetness, coming only from being turned on, eased entry as she lowered herself immediately, taking all of me in with one motion.

Up and down she slowly began. Moving her hips forward and back, searching for the right position to give her the most pleasure. She was not thinking about me during this. It did not matter though, because once inside of her, everything felt great. 

As she found her spot, she arched her back. This allowed me to raise my head and wrap my lips around one of those beautiful nipples. Gently biting down on one, I took my other hand and began to massage the other, changing sides from time to time. 

Jennifer was getting closer now. I could tell by the way she was moving without abandon. Faster and faster, up and down she moved, throwing caution to the wind. 

I reached around with both hands and grabbed her ass, pulling them apart and squeezing them at the same time. I released my grip of her nipple with my lips and began to lick around them, lightly flicking my tongue back and forth.

Suddenly, Jennifer rose up to a sitting position and impaled her self on me as her body was wracked by an intense orgasm. Her juices began to flow down over my balls and down between my legs. 

Over and over she rose up and dropped down on me as she came in wave after wave. 

Finally, she dropped down and placed her lips on mine, slowly giving into the aftershock of an orgasm. 

“That was incredible, but I don’t think we are done yet” Jennifer said with a smile.

Slowly she raised her self up and pulled me out of her. I knew what was coming next and didn’t really mind. After, her first orgasm, Jennifer liked to straddle me but have my cock rub between her lips, not inside. She said this gave her a more intense orgasm as it allowed her to focus on other things, like kissing and touching with our hands. Well who was I to say no. It always felt good to me too.

Slowly she began to move her hips up and down, stroking my cock with her lips. Kissing me with an intensity only dreamed of by many. As we kissed our hands began to wander over each other. She rubbed my chest as I did hers. She would reach down and squeeze my ass as best she could to give me a little extra kick. 

I finally reached around her ass and slowly traced a finger straight down the crack. Usually, Jennifer would reach for and stop my hand, but this time she just moved her hands up and held my head. 

During to go a little farther, I moved my fingers up and then back down again, this time moving ever so close to her anus, still not stopping me.

Well, I might as well go for it, I thought. So I moved my dingers down farther until I made contact with that little rosebud of hers. 

No reaching for my hands or jumps away, instead just a low moan of approval…I hoped.

I tried it again to the same response. 

Well, now this is good. Daring a little more I moved my fingers completely over her anus and continued down until I felt the tip of my cock. When I did I realized that I was in the wrong position for trying anything. I turned my head to allow me to reach down farther, but not lose touch with our kiss. With this I had only moved maybe an inch, but had gained access to reach everywhere I wanted.

I moved my hand down between her cheeks again, coming into contact with her anus. This time when I reached my cock, I moved down further and pressed against the bottom, to put more pressure against her. This seemed to do the trick real well.

She moaned a definite approval and she finally broke our kiss long enough to say “Don’t stop, that feels great.”

Up and down she moved, all the while I was pushing my cock against her with as much force as I could muster. With each thrust up or down, the friction against the head of my cock was more than I could stand. Finally I had to release my cock and moved my finger directly to her anus.
