 I had the worst luck this Thanksgiving. I am a college student right now and I am going to school out of state so for the holidays I drive back home to be with my family. Usually it's a pretty easy trip and I can make it in a couple of hours, but not this time. I went back home to visit my family for Thanksgiving and all except for the traffic the trip home was fine. The trip back to school however turned out to be more of a nightmare, although there was one good thing about it.

First off, I was about three hours into my six hour drive when one of my tires blew out. It was a new tire but I hit an enormous pot hole and it blew. I had to call AAA to come and tow me to the nearest mechanic, which wouldn't have been so bad except the nearest one was closed. We drove around for about an hour until we found a mechanic that was open and able to work on my car. Even still he wasn't going to be able to get to my car until first thing the next morning. The tow truck driver was really nice and he drove me to a nearby motel where I stayed the night. 

The next morning I took a taxi cab back over to the mechanic so that I could pick up my car and be on my way again. Now after the hotel, the cab, and the work on my car, my wallet was pretty much tapped out. I barely had enough money on me to get myself breakfast. Finally I was on my way again and I was pretty much home until I realized that I was going to have to go through a toll road and I didn't have any money left. It was a small road and there were only two toll booths but it was still about five dollars to use it. I held my breath and hoped that a nice old guy would be running it so that I could just try to bat my eyes at him a few times and hope he'd let me through. There was just about no one on the road and I hadn't seen anyone for miles when I finally reached the toll booth. There was only one booth open and a good looking man, probably in his thirties was running it. 

I drove up to his booth and explained to him my situation and how I had to take this road because I didn't know how to get home otherwise. I even pulled out a few tears so that maybe he would feel sorry for me. Although he seemed like he felt bad for me, he still wasn't going to let me through without paying.

"I'm sorry miss" he said "pretty as you are I still can't let you through, I could get in a lot of trouble for that kinda thing"

"Oh please, I really need to get home. I have class in the morning and I've already had a bad enough time as it is. Can't you just let it slip this one time?" I pleaded.

"I'm sorry, I just can't do it." he answered.

Frustrated and overwhelmed at the horrible luck I'd been having I tried one more time, "I would do anything if you could just let me through, please I really just want to get home."

I saw a grin come across his face and I could tell he was looking at me in a whole different way now.

"Anything huh? I think I could think of a few things that might make me forget about the toll."

"If you think that I'm going to touch you, you're crazy." I said.

I couldn't believe that he was even considering something like that, what kind of girl did he think I was anyway. Hell it was almost a year before I had ever had sex with my now ex boyfriend. He was crazy to think I would do it with a stranger. He didn't seem at all phased by my comment, he had me in the palm of his hand and he knew it. There was no way I could get home unless I got through this toll.

"Look, you give me a little and I'll give you a little by letting you through the toll."

What other choice did I have? I needed to get home and this was the only way, besides it's not like he wasn't good looking or anything. I finally agreed and he told me to pull my car over and come to his booth. I did what he said, I pulled my car over on the shoulder next to his and walked over to his booth.

His crotch was already bulging when I got over there, he was excited. By the way his pants were stretched over his already hardening dick I could tell that he was huge. He ushered me into the booth and told me to get on my knees. I did, I had a feeling that he was going to tell me to suck his dick next so I took the initiative and started to unzip his pants. He was pleased, as I unzipped his pants I felt his cock pushing to be free from his pants. I have to admit, although this was a total stranger and not the everyday sort of thing that I would do, I was getting turned on.

I pulled his cock free and began to stroke it gently in my hand. I wanted to suck it but I didn't want to let him know that. I stroked it slowly until he touched the back of my head and inched it toward him. I opened my mouth to allow his hard cock to slide between my lips. I did everything in my power not to let him know how turned on I was by all of this. I traced circles around the head of his cock with my tongue and every so often I would stop and suck him deep into my mouth. I felt his body shudder as the head of his cock touched the back of my throat. I sucked on him for what seemed like hours, only it turned out to be minutes before I was deep throating him without hesitation. I had no idea what a slut I could be if I really wanted too.

I felt his leg muscles start to tense as he stood there moaning, he was about to cum. I tried to pull my head back so that I could finish him off with my hand but he wouldn't let me. He held on to my head and forced it down further as he began to cum down my throat. There was so much that small streams ran out of the corners of my mouth as I struggled to swallow it all. 

I thought that since I had made him cum that I was done and he would let me go now. I was wrong. After I wiped the fresh cum from the corners of my mouth he pulled me up to my feet. He pulled me in close to him and started to kiss me. I felt his muscular body press up against me and I could feel that his cock was still very hard. When he released me from our kiss he grabbed my blouse and ripped it off, buttons flew every where and I didn't care. I was hornier than I had ever been in my life and I wanted him now. He pulled me close and sucked on my neck while he removed my bra. Then his head moved down to my nipples. I let out small moans as he sucked and nibbled at them.

While his mouth tended to my breasts his hands tended to my pussy. He slid his hands down my pants and started to rub my clit. I wanted him so bad. I didn't care about getting home anymore, I just wanted him to take me. I wanted to tell him but every time I tried to speak he rubbed my clit faster which only made me moan, I was unable to speak. I was lost in ecstasy, consumed by the lust I now had for a complete stranger. He knew I wanted him but he still continued to tease me. 

Finally he removed my pants and got down on his knees in front of me. I placed my hands on his head while he licked and sucked my clit. Occasionally he would slip his tongue deep inside of me, causing me to moan so loud that it was almost a scream. Once he was positive that there was nothing I wanted more than for him to fuck me, he grabbed my by my waist and flung me up onto the small counter that was in his booth. He was so strong, I felt as light as a feather as he hoisted me into the air. 

He sat me down on the edge of the counter and slowly started to rub his cock around the outside of my pussy. I wanted so bad just to thrust forward and force him inside of me, and finally he did it. I felt my whole body shudder as he quickly guided his cock deep into my waiting pussy. I had never felt so good in my life. He grabbed me by the ass and lifted me off of the counter without removing his cock from my pussy. He pressed my back up against the wall and fucked me while he held me up with his strong arms. I bounced up and down over and over on his cock until suddenly I began to have the best orgasm of my life. 

I dug my nails into his back as I bounced and screamed. My sopping wet pussy clenched tightly on to his big cock over and over again. I felt him grab on to me tighter and start to bounce he harder, he was also getting ready to cum. Suddenly he stopped and bent me over the chair that was in the booth. He sank his cock deep into my pussy once more and began to pound on me. I felt his balls swinging and hitting me with every thrust. He grabbed me gently by my hair and turned my head so that I could see him. I looked into his eyes as he began to cum once more. He shot spurt after spurt of hot cum deep inside me. 

When we had finished he showed me to the bathroom that the employees used and I got cleaned up. I was so sensitive that I could hardly move. I cleaned myself up and headed back to his booth. He standing there with a smile on his face watching me walk back without a shirt, since he had ripped mine earlier. He seemed very pleased with what he had done. When I finally reached his booth again he handed me his work shirt and told me to keep it.

"I'd hate for you to get pulled over and have some perverted old cop take advantage of you" he said.

"Like anything like that would ever happen" I laughed.

He escorted me back to my car and kissed me as I got in. I had about thirty to forty-five minutes left of my trip so I would be home soon. As I drove through the toll a number of cars pulled up to the booth. It was exciting to think that if we had continued for a few more minutes that we might have been caught in the act. I was almost sad to leave, he was by far the best I had ever been with, even if he was older than me. Normally I'm the conservative type and if someone would have told me even a day earlier that I would have done something like that I would have never believed them. 

It was days after I had gotten home from my little trip and I was doing laundry in my dorm. I was putting the work shirt that the guy from the toll booth had given me into the washing machine when something had fallen out of the pocket. It was a small folded piece of white paper. I opened it. It was a note from him, it said: "I really enjoyed this, and it seemed like you did too. Maybe we can do it again sometime."

His name and phone number were written underneath. I was ecstatic, I had been thinking about our encounter from the moment I drove away an I wanted nothing more than to see him again and relive it. Maybe now I will get the chance.