 "It's your move, John."

"Oh. Sorry."

Startled, I refocused my eyes on the Monopoly board in front of us. We were in the midst of a heated and highly contested match. This particular game had gone on much longer than we expected. All four of us had properties built up with hotels - we'd been playing long enough that there were no more properties to buy and no more upgrades to make. We were at that point in the game where it all boiled down to pure luck. One roll of the dice and you might land on Park Place or Boardwalk, finding yourself bankrupt in a hurry. But as it turned out, each time one of us went nearly broke, someone else would land on our property and refill the coffers. I think they call that "paying it forward." Or something.

Anyway, it was my turn to roll. I threw down the dice to see exactly what I hoped I wouldn't: a three and a four. I moved my piece seven spaces along and grudgingly placed it on Marvin Gardens. This was going to hurt. Emma flashed me a brief, accomplished grin as I started throwing down the cash I owed her. There went all my savings! I needed someone to land on one of my properties in the next turn or I was doomed. 

It was worth it though. I was thrilled to hand over the money in exchange for seeing her smile. Emma's eyebrows rose slightly and the sides of her lips curled up as she took her smug victory lap. As she smiled, she exposed her teeth - brilliantly cared for and impeccably white with the slightest gap in the middle; a gap that, despite her being 30 years old, stood as a pronounced symbol of her youth and innocence. She had crystal blue eyes, somewhat larger and rounder than you might expect, that were reflecting the light from the dimmed chandelier above our table as we spoke. They reminded me of the advertisements I'd online seen for vacation cruises - the sunlight vaguely visible on the surface of the Caribbean with water so clear you could see to the bottom.

Emma was shy but friendly, able to hold her own in conversation but with an endearing insecurity that made you want to protect and reassure her. Her blonde hair fell slightly below her shoulders and from time to time would brush across the upper parts of her breasts when she tilted her head. She'd given birth only two months earlier, but judging by her trim waist you'd never suspect as much. At the same time, her generous hips communicated an undeniable fertility. You could tell from the way her clothes fit that her body was not rock hard, but she was reasonably fit. I imagined that her belly was soft and inviting. 

On the next turn, my wife Sophia landed on Free Parking. She flashed the table an even bigger smile than Emma did. She was always better at these things than I was. Sophia and I had been married for five years. She was seven years younger than me - we got married when I was 26 and she was 19 (you can imagine how her father felt about that). She was roughly a head shorter than me, her dark red hair in effortless curls complimenting her freckled face nicely. She had a very attractive, lean build, the byproduct of her years of intense competitive swimming and religious nutrition regimens. 

We met Emma and Jake at a company party when I started my job at GlobalSolutions. Jake and I had never crossed paths before because I was a programmer confined to a windowless cubicle and he was a marketing executive who traveled around the world. Tonight, however, we were equals, both subject to fickle fate and the roll of the dice.

After Sophia landed on Free Parking, Jake rolled and moved his piece to Baltic Avenue, which he owned. Now it was Emma's turn. Poor Emma. Her face fell as soon as the dice hit the board. Boardwalk. She looked up at her husband Jake, her eyes pleading for mercy as she did the math in her head and realized that her time in this game was over. He shrugged his shoulders and reminded her that they'd agreed not to make "side deals" before the game started. Pouting her lips, she handed her properties and money to Jake, somewhat aggressively, before walking briskly to the open bottle of wine on the counter.

As I prepared for my next move, I realized that my position was precarious. If I rolled a two, a three, or a five, I would land on one of the green properties that I owned. Anything else, however, and I was probably headed to the poor house. I played with the dice between my hands and blew on them for good luck. I dropped them down on the table, but one of the two dice bounced and fell on the floor. The one on the table was a three. I looked under the table and saw something awful: another three. Short Line railroad. Unfortunately for me, all four of the railroads were owned by my dear bride. She squeezed my thigh under the table as she looked over my money to determine whether I had enough to cover the rent. Needless to say, I didn't. She squeaked a bit as she gleefully took my money and property.

Emma, who'd been standing with her back to us while drinking her wine, turned around when she heard Sophia's celebratory noises. She smiled at me, gave me an inquisitive look and pointed at the bottle of wine. I nodded.

"I guess it's just me and you now, huh?" Jake said to Sophia through a smile. He seemed to be enjoying my departure a little more than usual. I walked over to Emma and reached for the cabinet to grab a wine glass. As I was opening the cabinet door, she abruptly closed it, nearly slamming my pinky in the process. I was a bit shocked, but she attempted to smooth it over by quickly opening the adjacent cabinet and handing me a glass. I poured myself a decent serving of the cheap red and joined Emma in watching the final two finish their game.

An hour later, Jake and Sophia were still playing. They seemed to be in a stalemate. He would pay her, then she would pay him - back and forth and back and forth. And the worst part? Neither was willing to quit. Pride and bragging rights were on the line. Our game nights had gotten awfully competitive during these last few months.

After standing in the kitchen for over an hour, Emma and I agreed that our legs were tired and we ought to go sit down somewhere.

"How about we go sit on the deck for a bit?" Emma asked. "Jake bought a new grill. I'm sure that he wanted to show it to you himself, but obviously that isn't happening anytime soon."

"Sure," I replied. 

She turned me to lead me toward the sliding glass door, her hand brushing against mine as she walked past. I followed her out the door to their gorgeous deck. It stood about ten feet above the ground, meticulously crafted of natural, unstained wood. Despite being a marketing exec, Jake was also a very capable handyman and built this deck himself over the course of six months. I came over to "help" sometimes, although "help" usually just meant loaning him my pickup so he could bring home more materials.

Emma and I sat next to each other on a padded bench on the deck, each of us with a glass of wine in hand. We looked out toward the lake behind their house.

"Things are getting pretty intense in there, huh?" Emma quipped, smiling at me in her timid but familiar way.

"Yeah. I was thinking the same thing. I'm starting to wonder whether we should find something else to do together on the weekends. This game thing is getting out of control."

Emma shrugged. She turned her gaze back toward the lake. A surprisingly chilly breeze was washing up against us, lapping like an ocean to the shore. She shivered a bit, moving toward me ever so slightly. I could tell with my peripheral vision that she was looking at me again, watching to see how I would react. 

I responded by moving toward her in kind. "It's cold, after all." I reasoned to myself. "A gentleman shouldn't let a lady freeze."

I could tell that the wine was getting to Emma. She was always a lightweight, in large part because she was pregnant so much that she never got time to develop a tolerance. She and Jake were Catholic - very Catholic - and had six children in all. Their routine, however, was to split the kids up between his parents and hers on Saturday nights so that we could spend time together as couples. Before we met them, this was their scheduled weekly "date night", but once we became friends, it evolved into a double-date night.

Emma leaned a bit on my shoulder. As I felt a rush of warmth emanate from where we were touching, I started to shake. Adrenaline was pumping through me. I felt it in my stomach. I looked back over my shoulder, praying that Jake and Sophia weren't watching. Thankfully, there was no line-of-sight between the table and the deck. I relaxed a bit, carefully moving my hand along the small of her back, enjoying the feel of the thin blouse she was wearing before completely putting my arm around her.

She looked up at me, her big blue eyes begging for something. I wasn't sure what. She took my wine glass from me and sat it on the table next to us. 

"Can I speak to you in confidence?" Emma's smile had turned to concern, her brow partially furrowed.

"Well," I said, "You know that Jake and I are friends. But I think that you and I have developed a pretty good relationship too. I don't like keeping things from him, but you can definitely talk to me in confidence. If I can't share it with him I understand."

"I don't know how to put this," Emma said, her voice trailing off as she turned back toward the lake to avoid eye contact with me, "but Jake and I are done having children."

I was terribly confused as to why this was such bad news. They had six kids already! Their house was always a mess. Jake's paycheck was getting stretched way too thin. It seemed like a very reasonable and responsible choice for them.

Emma could tell that I wasn't on board with her disapproval. She explained further.

"You know that Jake and I are Catholic."

"Sure. I think it's great."

"Well, our church doesn't believe in birth control. You probably figured that out from the fact that we have six children."

"Yeah. Jake and I talked about that a few times."

"Here's the thing - we agree with the Church's teaching. We think birth control is wrong. We believe that it messes with God's plan for human sexuality. And of course there are side effects to the pill, and you can guess how Jake feels about condoms anyway, apart from the Church's position on them."

I laughed. "Yeah, nobody likes condoms. They're the worst."

"So, because we already have six children, and we can't afford any more, our sex life has taken a serious hit. Jake is paranoid about getting me pregnant again. We tried "natural family planning," you know, where you track your cycle and whatnot, but Jake's convinced that it's not enough. He also doesn't think that pulling out really works."

"So what have you guys been doing then?"

"Not a whole lot. He lets me, you know 'pleasure' him. But he doesn't like doing it to me. And to be honest, I'm a little uncomfortable with those things anyway. I'm willing to do it for him, but I feel kind of dirty when he, you know..." When I was in Catholic school, they told us in sex ed that anything besides traditional sex between husband and wife was sinful.

"Wow. You guys are pretty serious about your faith huh? And it sounds like you're in quite the dry spell."

"Yeah. I've been trying to figure out what to do about it. I have needs, like anyone else."

She looked me over briefly. Her eyes had been meeting mine, but she tilted her head down and looked at the ground.

"So anyway, the thing is... umm...I decided there's only one solution," she said. "There's only one way he'll have sex with me again."

"What's that?" I asked.

"I need to get pregnant."

My eyes got wide, her face frozen in place. She was serious. I guess it made sense. If he got her pregnant, there would be nothing to lose and they could resume their marital duties to one another.

"So how do you plan on getting pregnant?" I asked. "It sounds like you're not doing anything that could get you pregnant."

"We're not," she replied, her voice cold, quiet and raspy. "But you and I could."

My head was spinning. I wasn't sure what my next move would be. Here was this gorgeous woman, her nipples peeking out from behind her blouse in the cold night air, asking me to impregnate her. I'd fantasized about her before, I'd even pictured her naked, but I never thought I'd act on any of it. I was loyal to Sophia. She was a good woman. An honest woman. A woman who deserved better than to have me knock up somebody else.

I stepped back from Emma, almost as if I were scared of her. I'd already gone too far with her. I shouldn't have had my arm around her and we shouldn't have talked about those things. But I couldn't undo the past. All I could do was put a stop to it here and now. I leaned against the sliding glass door and reached around for the handle without looking away from Emma. She stood there, visibly hurt. I heard what sounded like raindrops - they were tears streaming down her face.

"I understand," she said, sobbing. "I shouldn't have asked."

I knew that it was time to walk away. But I couldn't leave her out here like this. I felt awful that I'd made her cry. Her head was in her hands. Even in the relative darkness I could tell that her face was red and her eyes were puffy. I took my hand off of the door and walked back toward her.

"I'm sorry, Emma," I said. "I didn't mean to make you cry."

She looked up at me with a glimmer of hope shining through her tear-soaked eyes.

"You can make it all better," she said.

She took her hand and put it on my shoulder, pulling my upper body toward hers. She then placed her hand behind my head and pulled it down. Before I knew what was happening, she kissed me. Sparks flew. Her big, pouty lips tasted like vanilla. I was hooked. I put my hand behind her head and leaned in.

Our tongues danced together for a few minutes while we explored each other's bodies. I ran my hands along the front of her blouse, gently touching her erect nipples as I found the opening at the bottom. Grazing her bellybutton with my finger, I caused her to shiver. I then moved up her back until I found her bra strap - or rather, where her bra strap should have been. Her bare back caused an instant rush of blood to my member as it grew larger and harder by the second. Emma brushed her hand against it and, realizing how hard I was, she began to sway her hips back and forth. I actually got a little lightheaded as I grew bigger than I ever had in my life. By this point, my cock was begging to be let out.

Before I could do anything else, though, Emma grabbed my hand and led me down the stairs to the ground level. I leaned her up against one of the deck's supporting posts and continued kissing her deeply and running my hands all over her body. She pushed me back a bit and took off her blouse. In the dim moonlight I could see the outline of her ample breasts and tiny pink nipples. I began to roll her left nipple between my fingers and I kissed and sucked on her right breast. She began to moan loudly, so I took my right hand and put it over her mouth. I could feel her licking and sucking on my fingers.

She pulled off of me and dropped to her knees. Her face right near my cock, she expertly released my throbbing member from its cage - laughing a bit as it hit her in the cheek when she unzipped my fly. At this point, Emma was all business. The shy, sweet girl had become ravenous. She took my balls in her mouth, then, after rolling them around a bit, ran her tongue up and down my shaft. I was aching to be inside her warm, wet mouth, but she wouldn't take the head of my cock. She kept moving back and forth between my balls and shaft, but she paid no attention to my head whatsoever.

After a while, my balls began to ache. They were so swollen with cum that I was ready to burst. I took Emma's blonde hair into two ponytails and pulled her mouth onto my cock. I began fucking her mouth relentlessly, her throat making gurgling sounds as drool spilled down her chest and onto the grass beneath us. I felt those familiar muscle contractions inside me begin to ramp up as I imagined releasing my cum deep into her throat and watching her swallow it. I was inching closer, closer, ahhhhh... But right before I could enjoy that sweet relief, Emma tore her mouth off of me, stood up and slapped me!

My balls were crying out, screaming for a break. It had been at least thirty minutes that we'd been at this. I hadn't slept with my wife in a week. I needed this. I wanted this. I deserved this. What was her problem?

"I could taste your, you know..." Emma said sheepishly with a bit of anger in her tone. "But that wasn't the deal. You are going to cum inside of me, or else you're going to march back inside to your wife with a hard, wet, unsatisfied cock."

I couldn't really argue with that. I grabbed Emma's small waist and threw her up against a support beam. I reached my hand under her skirt to pull down her panties and, surprise surprise, there weren't any! This girl must have had this whole thing planned!

I dropped my pants to my ankles and slid underneath her skirt. My cock felt around for her pussy but she was so wet it was hard to tell where I should go. She reached down and grabbed me sternly, placing me in front of the entrance to her slick tunnel. I arched my back slightly and, after feeling a bit of resistance, I was inside.

The warmth of her pussy stood in magical contrast to the brisk night air. I know it sounds cliché, but I was in heaven. I'd never felt anything like this in my life. Every inch I moved inside her felt better than the last. The walls of her pussy were grabbing me, holding me, teasing me toward climax. It must have been the danger of this arrangement that turned me on so much - the fact that I was cheating on my wife with my friend's wife while both of them were less than 20 feet away, fucking her in plain view of any neighbors who might wander into their backyard.

I held onto her waist tightly as I moved up and down inside her. It felt too good. It was too tight. I couldn't believe she'd had six children. She felt like a virgin to me. She began to moan again, so I took my right hand off of her waist and covered her mouth again, pinning her head to the support beam. Her eyes rolled back into her head as I felt her climax. Her pussy walls collapsed and clenched around me. She became so tight that I couldn't even pull myself out. This caused that familiar tingling feeling in my balls as I prepared to release my seed.

She could tell that I was ready to come. She tore my hand off of her mouth.

"You better not pull out. You better not waste that seed." She wasn't kidding.

She put her hands around my butt and, with all her might, began grinding herself on me, helping me reach deep inside her toward her cervix.

"My pussy is going to drink up your cum," she said. "We're not wasting a drop."

I nodded, my primal urges overriding the logical part of my brain as I continued thrusting inside of her. I edged closer and closer to orgasm until I finally erupted inside her fertile pussy. I felt incredibly strong contractions as I came inside her like a firehose. Burst after burst of my sticky cum came flying out of my cock and ran into her cervix. I could feel my cum dripping back down my cock even as I continued to release stream after stream of hot, sticky baby batter inside of her. 

After completely emptying my balls inside her, I began to grow weak, ready to sit down and catch my breath. But Emma kept grinding, kept pulling me toward her, and, when she saw how weak I'd become, she laid down on the grass with me still inside her. She wanted to make sure that she didn't miss out on a single drop of my cum. 

We laid there together for a few minutes. She ran her hand over my shaft, collecting the cum that ran down it on her finger and placing it back inside her pussy. She kept her hips tilted up to ensure that none of my seed was lost.
