 Cindy sat inside her car, confused as well as torn emotionally. She sat there toying with one thought after another, dismissing most even before they took shape. Others, she allowed to play out for a moment or two before clearing her head and tossing them away as well.

The past had just showed up to taunt and haunt her a little. And though she felt angry, for reasons that really didn't matter any more, she felt confused...and curious about what she had just seen, what it meant, if anything. Once more thoughts entered her head, this time memories of a time several years ago now.

She'd been married then, going on nearly three years to a wonderful man, or so she'd thought anyway. Matthew, though she had always called him Mat, had been her Knight in shining armor. And though she hadn't been a virgin on their wedding night, she was certainly back then still quite naive, though more than willing to learn. She knew going in that Mat had quite a reputation as a "ladies man", he'd been known to date several girls at once all through high school, and then on through college. And as rumor had it, he was fucking everyone of them at the same time, and most...maybe even all of them knew that he was too. For whatever reason, that didn't seem to matter to them, or so she had heard anyway. But it had made her curious as to why, and an opportunity that soon came to her to find out the reasons behind it.

They had been introduced at a Frat party. And against her better judgment perhaps, they had ended up spending the night together. Six month's later, they were married. Against her parent's wishes, along with most of her closest friends. All of them warning her that it was a marriage destined for divorce. And perhaps in the back of her mind, she wondered about that too. The thing was, Mat was an incredible lover, attentive, as well as having the kind of stamina that most women would only dream of their lover having.

Early on, even with masturbation, Cindy had had difficulty climaxing. And then Mat came into the picture. It wasn't long after that, he had her turning inside and out, with more intensely satisfying orgasms than she'd ever thought possible. And it mattered not what he did to her, whether it was orally, or through intercourse, or simply pleasuring her with his fingers. Whatever he did, and however he did it, he never failed to get her off in ways that she had only once dreamed of. And better still, several times in one evening, long before he ever did.

It had indeed been the perfect life, the perfect marriage with the perfect man. And then in one eventful evening, everything had come crashing down around her feet. What made her the angriest about it was her total self-denial that anything was going on. However, there were subtle signs at first that something was. Most of which, she had ignored. Too afraid to confront them, choosing to ignore, or pretend that the truth of what was, really wasn't. Something she'd managed to convince herself of for several months until she was by chance confronted directly with it. And once she had been, she'd been forced to accept the truth, and painfully deal with it.

Had Mat not owned a flashy, rather expensive red sports car, she might not have even caught him (at least for a while yet) when she did. He'd phoned her earlier during the day, stating that he was showing a potential client one of the many properties they still owned together. And as such, he would be late getting home. Because of that, she had decided to drop in for a visit with her parents, which was a bit out of the way on her normal drive back home. She had just started out on her way over to her parents place when she spotted what she was sure was her husbands sports car just up ahead of her. At first she thought about calling him on her cell phone, letting him know she was just a short distance behind. But then she decided it might be even more fun to hurriedly catch up to him, and then surprise him with a friendly wave and a smile instead. And then moments later, she was the one being surprised instead.

She watched as Mat pulled his car into the parking garage of a rather expensive looking hotel. And as he did, she clearly saw another woman sitting next to him in the passenger's seat. A woman whom she recognized as one that worked with Mat in the office. At first, she again tried to reason out their being together as part of business perhaps. Something to do with this client that Mat had told her earlier he'd be meeting with. Against her better judgment, she pulled into the parking garage as well, just catching the taillights as they turned off as Mat pulled his car into an available spot. Cindy did the same, though a short distance away, and thankfully with her car being mostly shielded behind a large cement support beam. She sat watching, surprised when they didn't get out immediately. Minutes passing when they finally did, as Mat came around the car to open the door for her. Stacy, as she recalled the woman's name, slid out of her seat, and then into her husband's arms. The two of them standing there, now kissing one another passionately. But it even went beyond that, right there in front of her own eyes. Mat always had been one for doing things in public, or semi-public places where they could be seen. She'd even gone along with that a few times herself, finding it arousing and exciting yes, specifically because of the danger, though they'd never been caught at it. Cindy sat there in her car, looking over towards them, her view just clear enough to see the woman's hand unzipping his pants, fishing out his rock hard prick, and then lifting up the front of her own dress so that she could better accommodate him as he stood there fucking her, fucking this woman in front of his own wife!

**

It had been a long, drawn out messy divorce. But Cindy was pragmatic enough that she knew to destroy their business, or even allow Mat to buy her out, wouldn't have been in her best interests. As such, they had kept the partnership intact, though she had taken her father's advice, and allowed someone else to act in her stead whenever it was required so that she didn't have to spend any real time dealing with Mat one on one, unless it couldn't be helped. So far, she had managed. And as the years passed, she'd even gotten back onto a more cordial, though not quite friendly relationship again with her Ex.

Eventually Mat had gotten remarried, though not to the woman he'd been having the affair with. Someone she had never met, though in time she had spotted a picture of the two of them sitting on his desk during one of the rare encounters when she'd been forced to drop by and sign some necessary paperwork. Admittedly, she was pretty. Bright red hair, which she wore long and fell well beyond her shoulders. She reminded her in fact of a once well-known Movie Star, Maureen O'Hara, and wasn't at all surprised that Mat would marry someone like that. He always had had a thing for redheads, and had often tried to get Cindy to dye her own blonde hair red, just for that reason. Though she never had. 

And now, here she sat, ninety-nine percent sure, that this very same woman, Mat's current wife, Renee' as vaguely recalled her name, was walking in to what every one knew to be as a lesbian bar.

**

After the divorce, Cindy had taken comfort in her friends, one of which had to this day remained one of her very best friends, and a lesbian. Though Cindy had of course wondered about such things, and been curious about it, especially in college, it was something she had of course never acted upon. Her relationship with Susan had remained just that, a friendly relationship, until one evening after a night out with the girls, when she had finally succumbed to the need to let her hair down once again. They had gone out together for an evening of drinking and partying, and then ended back at the hotel room that four of them would be sharing, knowing full-well that none of them would be in any sort of shape to be driving home. She and Susan had split one of the rooms together. A room with a single bed, albeit a very large one. Even knowing that her friend was gay, she never once considered that the two of them would ever end up doing anything. Until they were. That same night, it had come about almost naturally. Cindy hadn't been dating, hadn't been seeing anyone in fact. And she was still hurt and feeling lonely. Without the fear of another man hurting her, it seemed safer, and even natural to allow Susan to comfort her in ways that only another woman could.

They had spent the entire day in bed together the following day. And had met several times after that as well. And though Cindy had certainly enjoyed the experience, and now knew she wasn't opposed to even exploring such with another woman again sometime, she didn't consider herself a lesbian now either. She still had desires to be with men, and eventually had done so, actually evolving to the point where she could basically have a one night stand, no strings attached sex, and come away from it with a smile on her face as opposed to feeling guilty about it as she'd done in the beginning.

She was here now tonight, to meet up with Susan, spend the evening just sharing drinks, having a few laughs before going home again. Susan was in a committed relationship now, so it was back to just being friends again, which was perfectly fine with her. Cindy smiled inwardly, following a few footsteps behind as she entered the club behind Mat's new wife. Odds were of course, she was just there to enjoy the evening with friends too. Just because Mat's wife was entering a lesbian bar, didn't make her one, no more than it did her. But, she was curious, and inwardly wondered at what the night might reveal to her.

Cindy was also confident that should Mat's wife see her, she wouldn't recognize her, even from any photo's that Mat might still have lying about, if any. She had been a blonde back then, short hair, and even wore glasses. She had eventually allowed her own natural hair color to come back in, dying it as well of course, which was now a very dark brown, and well past her shoulders wearing it thick and full. In addition, she'd taken to wearing contacts, and had even gone so far as to changing her eye color in wearing them from hazel, to blue. Even Mat hadn't seen her since she'd dyed her hair a few month's back, so as far as he knew, she was still a blonde. 

Cindy felt a little giddy, even wicked perhaps as she entered the bar, quickly spotting her friends. Though likewise taking note of where Renee' was now sitting, literally only two chairs distance from her at the adjoining table. At the first opportunity she had, she motioned for Susan to follow her into the bathroom, which she did.

Susan knew her dear friend all too well, and could see by the look in her eyes, and the expression on her face, that she had a story to tell.

"Did you catch that tall, good-looking redhead that came in and sat down close to me at the other table?" Cindy asked.

"How could I not?" Susan grinned, actually licking her lips. I might be in a committed relationship now, but it certainly doesn't stop me from looking. Why? You interested in maybe hitting on her or something?" Susan mused.

"Sort of, but not for the reasons you're thinking," Cindy chuckled. "I think that's Mat's wife Renee'!"

Susan turned looking as though she could see through the wall, turning back a moment later. "You sure? You really think that's his wife and not just someone that looks like her?"

"Pretty sure. I did see a photo of her on Mat's desk a while back, and I'm willing to bet that's her."

"Still doesn't mean that it is. And even if it is, she could be here with friends, just like you are. Doesn't mean she's a lesbian, or even bi-sexual for that matter. She could be here just wanting to have a good time with the girls, just like you."

"I already considered that. And that's probably the case too, even if it is really her. But it might be fun finding out, why she really is here, and more importantly, to discover if it really is her too."

"And then what?" Susan asked. "Towards what end if it is?"

"I don't know yet. I think I'll play that one by ear, first things first though. Let's see if we can find out for sure one way or the other."

Susan grinned. "Then ask her to dance."

"What?"

"Best way in the world to find out. Watch her for a bit, get a feel for her so to speak, and then when the time is right, go over there and ask her to dance. Even if it isn't her, no harm no foul right?"

"Right!" Cindy agreed, and then headed back out to her table.

**

Cindy sat sipping on her drink, keeping an eye on the woman she was pretty sure was Renee', finally hearing it confirmed when one of the other women she was sitting with called her that. Now she was one hundred percent sure this was indeed Mat's wife. "But why was she here?" Cindy mused silently to herself. "Like me? Just with friends?" But she was more than curious now too. When the time came for her to make a move, she took it. Two of the girls she'd been sitting with stood up to dance, leaving Renee' to be sitting alone. With Susan likewise looking for opportunity, she also stood, taking Joyce by hand leading her off to the dance floor as well. That now left Cindy sitting alone, only a few feet away from where Renee' was sitting, and quite naturally, the two of them sort of glanced in one another's direction for a moment. It was now or never.

"Would you like to dance?" Cindy asked. And to her surprise, Renee' nodded her head, standing.

Cindy surprised herself, reaching her hand out, as Renee' took it, now allowing herself to be led off to one side of the floor, purposely doing so as the lights were purposely a bit dimmer here. It wasn't uncommon to see a few intimate personal touches taking place over in this area as the women danced together. And though Cindy had no designs on actually doing anything either, the simple beat of the music, and the words being sung were suggestive enough to allow for it. In seconds, she and Renee' were sliding against one another, occasionally bumping, before pressing against one another again, in a rather suggestive sort of way. Obviously Renee' was really into it, and no novice about it either by the looks of things. Cindy was suddenly glad that she had chosen to wear a fairly low-cut blouse, showing just enough cleavage without it being too much. In addition, she had also worn a black lacy bra that would hint at even more flesh hidden beneath, along with a reasonably short skirt that showed off her still toned legs. Something she noticed Renee' looking at as they danced. 

Even when the music stopped, and Cindy half expected Renee' to walk off the dance floor, back to her table, she didn't. Hesitating, perhaps expectantly, and then asking. "Another?"

Cindy nodded in agreement, even upon realizing that the next song was to be slow and sensual. Renee' noticing it too, though drawing Cindy towards her then without any hesitation. Cindy had full breasts, not overly large, especially for her five-five frame. But Renee' truly did have large breasts, and whether they were real or fake, Cindy would have been hard pressed to tell the difference as the two of them actually came together now, intimately close as Cindy encircled her arms about the woman's neck, and as she, encircled her arms about Cindy's waist, their respective breasts pressing firmly and snuggly against one another as they danced. To her surprise, Cindy felt a naughty little chill of lust and desire actually running up and down her spine, and wondered if Renee' might be experiencing something similar herself.

As they danced, they finally spoke. "I haven't seen you in here before," Renee' questioned. "Do you come here very often?"

"Not very often, no...once a month perhaps, you know...just to let my hair down a little." Renee' laughed at that, shaking her own red mane of hair back and forth just a little. She looked very seductive when doing that, and Cindy couldn't help wondering if she was trying to be just that...seductive.

"Maybe that's why I haven't seen you in here before either. I don't come here very often myself, you know...work and all."

"Ditto that," Cindy offered, once more feeling the purposeful press of the woman's breasts against hers, along with a touch of leg as she more or less slithered up and down against her for a moment.

"So...you here with anyone?" Renee' asked, though Cindy was pretty sure she'd already guessed the answer to that.

"Nope, and not committed to anyone else either," she offered, wondering if Renee' would in fact offer the same up to her, though she didn't. She simply smiled upon hearing that.

This time when the song ended, they walked back to their tables again, though still holding hands. And this time, after seating again, turning towards one another instead, continuing their conversation, as well as their light intimate touching. Cindy smiled inwardly at the slow soft caress of the woman's hand as it ran up from her knee, falling just short of the hem of her skirt where it stopped, gently caressing and squeezing that spot for a moment.

After ordering a fresh round of drinks, Cindy took that opportunity to move her chair more closely to the one Renee' was sitting in. And then Renee' likewise adjusting her own so that they had purposely turned themselves a bit further away from prying eyes. When Cindy felt the soft delicate trace of a finger along the side of her breast, she knew then that this was headed into some interesting territory, and found herself even more curious, and more determined now than ever to see where it might actually end up.

Maybe it was wrong. But Cindy couldn't help herself. This was after all Mats' wife, and she was curious to discover just how far this gorgeous young woman was willing to take things. Cindy knew she had a few years on her, though not many. But she also felt confident in the way she looked, especially as she had kept herself in shape and worked out regularly. She might have been in her early thirties, but Cindy knew she certainly didn't look like it.

"You know what I need...is a smoke," Renee' suggested. As it was a smoke-free bar, they would have to go outside, and well away from the building too.

"I don't smoke," Cindy told her, though she had stood. "But I will go out with you, it is getting pretty hot in here." Cindy wondered if Renee' would catch her meaning, not at all surprised when she did.

"Isn't it though?" Renee' purred sensually. "I'm actually quite damp myself...in several places," she smiled wantonly, purposefully. 

"Ditto that," Cindy replied, accepting Renee's hand now as she led her outside towards the parking lot. 

"Over here," Renee' told her. "I left my smokes in the car."

Cindy almost choked as she followed behind, arriving at a black BMW, very similar to one that she knew Mat preferred driving now. She wondered in fact if it actually was his car, or if he actually drove something different now, though she didn't ask it of course.

Renee' opened her door, and then leaned over reaching inside for her smokes no doubt, before turning around again, surprisingly still holding onto Cindy's hand. "This is awful I know, but I don't recall hearing your name!"

For a moment Cindy was flustered, and then through out the first name that came to her. "Samantha. Samantha Jones." The moment she'd said that, she regretted it. Especially when she saw the surprised look on Renee's face.

"Really? Just like the character in..."

"Sex in the city? Yes. I know. I got teased about that a lot there for a while. Thankfully, I don't really look like her at all."

"No...you don't," Renee' said actually running her tongue over her upper lip briefly. "You're much prettier, and sexier too," she added.

Cindy actually felt herself blushing upon hearing that, though mentally making a note to herself to draw Susan back into the bathroom again as soon as possible and inform her of the name she had chosen, stupid as it was. She didn't want there to be any slip ups now...especially if any of this was headed where she thought it was headed.
