 I dialed the cell phone number of the contractor that had recently remodeled my kitchen. He didn't answer his cell phone so I left a message asking him to drop by my house to pick-up his check around 4:30 that afternoon. Since it was Friday, I was sure he would stop by to collect his money before the weekend. My plan was finally in action.

It had been two weeks since he had completed the work and I felt guilty not getting his check to him sooner. As the owner of a successful insurance agency, money was no object but I had simply neglected to put the check in the mail. As a horny, single woman in her mid-thirties, I tried to come up with other projects to keep this cute contractor working on my house. Unfortunately, I couldn't find any other work to be done at this time so I knew it was time to pay up.

The three weeks it took him to complete the project were simply amazing. Each morning when I left for work, he was already there working in his tight jeans and white t-shirt. His muscles weren't bulging but they were tone and defined. His little buns were perfect in his tight jeans. His wavy brown hair was messy on purpose and his sparkling blue eyes made me melt.

No matter what my schedule was like at work those three weeks, I found myself leaving the office a little earlier than usual hoping to catch just a glimpse of my cute contractor before he left for the day. Most evenings when I came home he was just finishing up. Some nights I would offer him a beer as he was cleaning up which he always gladly accepted. 

Each day at my office I daydreamed that he would go through my underwear drawer during the day while I was gone so I started putting my sexier thongs, g-strings and sheer bras at the top of the drawer along with a couple of my favorite vibrators. If he did go through my drawer he would surely notice my habit for wearing thongs and g-strings and my bras that held my 36dd breasts in place. But each night I checked the drawer and never found evidence that he had fondled my unmentionables during the day

I had not been able to concentrate on work since I had left the message for my contractor but 3:00 finally arrived and I informed my assistant that I was leaving for the day. I arrived at my house a few minutes later and poured myself a glass of wine to help me relax a bit. The sweet fruity wine aroused my taste buds as I undressed for my shower. I unbuttoned my blouse and skirt and let them fall to the floor. I stood in front of my mirror looking at myself in my bra and panties. I was 36 and I thought I looked amazing. I worked out 5 days a week to keep tone and firm in all the right places. I unhooked my bra freeing my breasts from the their confines and slid my panties off. Now I knew I looked amazing. My skin was soft and milky. My breasts were big but were still as firm and round as they were in college. My long tone legs led directly to my firm ass that looked great in a thong. My nipples began to grow as my fingers traced an imaginary line from my pussy to my tits and drew soft circles around each nipple. I was getting more aroused by the second but I knew I had to get in the shower. 

I could definitely feel the effects of the glass of wine as the hot steamy water streamed down my body. I was so relaxed as I washed and conditioned my hair. I lathered my body with vanilla scented shower gel and grabbed my razor to shave my legs. I ran the razor up and down each leg making them silky smooth. I was starting to feel very sexy but not sexy enough. I moved the razor to my pussy hair and began to shave my already trimmed triangle. I had never shaved my pussy before but this seemed like the perfect occasion. I never would have imagined how aroused I would become from shaving myself but I could feel my pussy getting wet from my own juices instead of from the shower water. After few minutes of careful trimming my pussy was bare. I ran my fingers against my freshly shaved skin and it felt amazing as I wished I had discovered this erotic pleasure a long time ago.

I looked down and noticed my little swollen rosebud protruding from my bare pussy. It was almost as if it had never seen light before since it had been covered with hair for years. I reached down with my finger to greet it and a shock wave pulsed through my body. I was short on time but my clit needed the attention. I stroked my little clit and unhooked the showerhead. I wanted to cum but it had to be quick. I lied down in the tub and stroked my clit to ecstasy while the showerhead provided me a little extra pleasure as if I needed it.

On a normal Friday afternoon after masturbating in the tub, I would have drawn a hot bath and soaked in peace. But not today. I jumped out of the tub and threw a towel on my head. I looked at the clock and realized I only had 30 minutes until my guest might arrive.

I threw on my tiniest g-string and matching bra and started doing my make-up. I put it on a little heavier than normal, maybe a little more slutty for lack of a better description, but I was on a mission tonight and everything needed to be perfect. I finished my hair and make-up and noticed I still had 10 minutes. I put on my tightest low-rise jeans and the sexiest shirt I owned. I pulled my g-string above my jeans so they were in clear view and unbuttoned my shirt to the point where my cleavage started. One more glance at the mirror and I knew I wouldn’t be resisted.

As I was pouring my second glass of wine, the doorbell rang. My contractor was right on time. I took a big sip of my wine and strolled to the door. As the door swung open, Mike's eyes lit up and his face started to blush. I acted like I didn't notice and invited him in. I led him to the kitchen and I could feel his eyes looking me up and down from my head to my g-string poking out of my jeans. There was really no need for him to look any lower.

My checkbook was lying on the new kitchen counter but I stopped at the fridge to offer Mike a beer, which he accepted as he always did. I moved to the countertop and told Mike what a beautiful job he did and he agreed that it really turned out nice. As I leaned down to write the check my big tits practically fell out of my top. In fact, if I wouldn’t have been wearing a bra I know they would have fallen out right there on the countertop. Mike's eyes were penetrating down my shirt soaking in my cleavage and hoping for a glimpse of a nipple or two. 

I stood with the check and walked over to Mike apologizing for taking so long to pay him and I asked if I owed any interest since I had taken 2 weeks to pay. Mike said he never charges interest but I kept insisting that I wanted to give him a little extra since he was so understanding. He said it was not necessary but quit arguing when l I reached over and put my hand on his crotch. He finally understood the interest I wanted to pay.

The bulge in his pants was obvious while my hand rested against his jeans. I stuck a finger in a beltloop of his jeans and led Mike to the counter where I unzipped his jeans. I slid them down to his ankles and had him step out of them. He stood there in his sexy white briefs and I buried my tongue in his mouth giving him the most lustful kiss I could possibly give. I slowly pulled his briefs down freeing the one-eyed monster that was begging to be freed and had him sit up on the countertop that he had installed. 

His cock was staring at my face wanting to be licked and sucked. It was about 7 inches long and nice and thick. I took it in my hand as I stared in Mike's eyes. I could feel the blood pumping through his erection. I stroked it a couple of times then leaned over and licked his shaft from bottom to top. A moan came from Mike's lips. I kissed the tip of his cock head and could taste his pre-cum already leaking from the tip. I licked it with pleasure then swallowed his cock inch by inch until all 7 inches were fucking my mouth. I slid his dick in and out of my mouth. First very slowly and then gaining in speed. Mike's hands came to rest on my head as he guided my head onto his cock at the pace he wanted. I had given blowjobs before but never with this much vigor and this much passion. My pussy was soaking wet and it had not even been touched yet. But I knew the big fat cock I was sucking would eventually find its way to my aching pussy. 

Mike was fucking my face faster and faster and I finally felt the first drops of his load hit the back of my throat. His cock convulsed in my mouth spraying more of his hot, white liquid down my throat with each thrust. I gladly accepted all the wad he had to offer and sucked a few extra drops out of him when he thought he was done.

I could feel his dick getting softer in my mouth and it was obvious it had given all it could. I slid his cock out of my mouth and licked away any mess that was left behind. I looked up at Mike and he was in shock. He could barely talk but managed to tell me that was the best blow job he had ever received. He said he thought the local college girls who normally sucked his dick gave great head but now he knew they were merely amateurs. I thanked him for the compliment, grabbed my glass of wine and strolled toward the sunroom. As I entered the doorway, I looked back at him and without saying a word invited Mike to follow me.

Within seconds Mike was in the sunroom with me sitting on the couch while I stood in the middle of the room. By remote control I started the CD I had burned with songs of seduction. Following the beat of the music I unbuttoned my shirt while my hips began swaying to the rhythm. I slid my shirt off and unhooked my bra in the front. My big, luscious tits fell out of my bra and into my waiting hands. I cupped each breast in my hands and brought them to my mouth. I licked each nipple slowly with my tongue bringing them to full erection like little thimbles. After massaging my titties while pointing my nipples at Mike, I watched his cock start to rise again. I moved my hands down to my jeans, unbuttoned them and slowly worked them off. I felt so seductive standing in front of this man I barely knew, dressed only in a tiny g-string and my bare tits bouncing as I danced for him.

As the last song of my striptease C.D. ended I was facing away from Mike and sliding my g-string to my ankles. I stepped out of them and walked toward the door that led to the deck. I motioned for Mike to follow me out on the deck where my steaming hot tub waited for us. The air outside was 25 degrees and felt so good against my skin. My nipples got even harder than they were just a few seconds before. I slipped into the hot tub and Mike was right behind me. His cock had regained its full 7" inches of magic. I had sucked the hell out of this cock but now I wanted it to fuck the hell out of me. I wanted it in my pussy and then in my ass. 

Up to this point Mike had not been allowed to touch me except for my head as he guided his rod into my mouth while I blew him. I could tell he wanted to feel my big firm tits, pinch my hard nipples, suck on them, finger my pussy, lick my pussy and I wanted the same. I sat on the edge of the hot tub and Mike moved in. I spread my legs finally revealing my freshly shaved cunt and Mike knelt before with my tits at his eye level. He took a boob in each hand and massaged them gently. I could tell he liked them, but then again, who wouldn't? He buried his face between them and took a nipple in his mouth while he gently pinched the other. He suckled my breast like a baby taking a breast for the first time. He moved the other nipple and gave it the same attention. It felt so good to have his lips and tongue all over my tits but I wanted more. 

I pushed his head down like guys had done to me in the past when they wanted me to suck their cock. He needed no persuasion and licked his way down to my aching swollen pussy. His tongue flicked my clit with passion. Guys had licked my pussy before but it had never felt as good as this. I knew it felt so good because it was shaved bald and I resolved never to go on a date again without shaving my pussy bare. Mike continued to pleasure my clit while I massaged my tits. I was close to cumming and it was going to be big. Much bigger than the orgasm I had in the tub just an hour before. I began to moan and Mike licked me harder and faster. It felt as if my body was exploding as the orgasm ripped through my body from head to toe. I shuttered in the cold air and slid down into the hot water as Mike kissed me lustfully. I could taste myself on his tongue as he kissed me. The pussy licking had been amazing but I still wanted his cock in me.

I knelt on the seat of the hot tub and put my ass in Mike's face. I told him I needed his cock in my pussy and he needed to start fucking me. Since Mike was taller than I was his cock was at the same level of my pussy when he stood up. He grabbed my hips for support then slid his cock into my hot wet pussy. He fucked me slow at first sliding his cock up and down my love tunnel bringing his cock head to the rim of my pussy then thrusting all 7 inches back in again. As he got more confident he started fucking me harder and faster. His cock felt amazing as it penetrated deeper and deeper with each thrust. 

I wondered how long he would last since I had emptied his cum sack just an hour before. I wanted it to last all night but I knew no man could do that. His thrusts got harder and slower and I knew he was unloading his cum deep in my pussy. I could feel his shaft grow smaller as his load squirted into me. He pulled his shrinking shaft from my pussy and he thought it was over. Instead, I put my hands on my ass and spread my cheeks wide for him. He knew exactly what I wanted next. He reached between my legs, covered his fingers with my pussy juice and lubed his shaft with own sex juices.

His cock head rimmed my tight asshole. I had never been fucked in the ass before but had always wanted to try it. His head penetrated me and it was more painful than I imagined but it was an erotic pain. I knew might tight ass wouldn't take all of his shaft but he managed to slide a couple of inches in and out of ass. That was all I needed as I reached between my legs and stroked my swollen clit. My own finger knew how to please my clit better than anyone else could ever please it. I kept stroking and stroking wishing there was another man filling my pussy while Mike pumped my ass. I was going to cum and cum I did. It was the best of the day. My ass tightened around Mike's cock not letting it release until the convulsions stopped. Mike slowly slid his cock out of my ass and we nestled back into the steamy hot tub in a state of erotic shock.

With my tits floating in the water, I took Mike's cock in my hand and asked when he could start on my bathrooms. He said that if future payments would be made like tonight, he could start in the morning right after I fixed him breakfast. I said great and asked him if liked whipped cream on his pussy, I meant pancakes.