 ~Just for the record this is supposed to be a little tongue in cheek. A sort of tribute to the old cheesey porn. Enjoy!

*

The minute Vicky turned 18 she packed her bags and moved out of her parents house. It wasn't that she didn't love her parents, they were kind and loving people, but they were strict and would never allow her to be free in the way that she so desperately desired. She also wanted to keep her relationship with them as good as she could and therefore desired that they did not know what it was she enjoyed doing with her time. And what Vicky enjoyed was sex.

She was 5'5" with long legs and firm perky breasts, red hair and green eyes that sparkled with lust. She enjoyed sex on a level she felt was beyond regular understanding. She liked both men and women but did not think of herself as bisexual... she was just sexual and didn't get why people thought it needed another label.

So now at 18 Vicky had moved out of her parents house and gotten her own apartment, the only problem was instead of paying her rent she had used her paycheck to go partying and now she was faced with an eviction notice. She stood in the hallway of her apartment building and stared at the paper posted none too discretely on her door. In the apartment two doors down she heard her landlord's wife screaming at him.

"I don't CARE if she's a nice girl, she's not paid her rent in two months and I want a tenant with money!" she was saying. Vicky wasn't surprised. The woman was horrible. She was constantly telling her husband what to do and demeaning him in public. She refered to him as stupid and lazy and constantly bossed him around. As far as Vicky could tell Mr. Leeman was a very nice guy. He never hesitated to attend to any concerns his tenants had and he was always nice and polite to them. It was amazing that such a nice man could have such a bitch of a wife. Vicky wondered if she'd ever had anything more fun up her butt other than that bug. 

She plucked the notice off the door and inserted her key in the lock. Well, she had no intention of leaving her apartment and if all that stood in the way of her and her goal was bitchy Mrs. Leeman then maybe there was something she could do about it.

Entering her apartment she dropped the note on the coffee table, put away her groceries and jumped in the shower. When she felt herself sufficiently freshened up she placed a call to Mr. Leeman's apartment. Thankfully his wife did not answer. Vicky managed to put a small pout in her voice when she said, "Oh, hi Mr. Leeman, this is Vicky in Apt 1C. I...um, got your notice." she paused a moment for effect, "I...I was hoping you could come over for a moment, I really need to speak with you... if I"m to be leaving..." she let her voice tremble a little bit, "I'd better have you fix a few things for your new tenants."

He agreed to come right over.

Pleased with herself Vicky hung up the phone and looked at herself in the mirror. Her red hair had dried and was soft and fluffy. She wore a short green pleated skirt and a white blouse with a thin lace bra that was easily visible beneath it. Her lips were full and she'd applied some no smear lipstick in her favorite shade. Her nails were long and painted pink. Somehow it managed to look right with the green. She practiced pouting in the mirror and batted her lashes around her emerald eyes and laughed at herself. There was no way she was getting kicked out.

Very quickly there came a knock at the door and she opened it to find Mr. Leeman looking sheepish and uncomfortable. He was in his late 40s about 5'9" and maybe 10-15 lbs overweight but not unatractive. He wore jeans and a t-shirt and his hair was slowly greying. His eyes were blue and, as always, looked sad. Vicky smiled at him but tried not to look too happy. 

He stepped into the room and she pushed the door to behind him. 

"So, um, you needed me to fix something?" he said nervously, turning to look at her. There was no doubt that he appreciated her outfit as his eyes never met hers but continued looking up and down her body.

"Well, actually, Mr. Leeman... I...was hoping to talk to you about..... about that." she pointed at the notice still sitting on the coffee table. If he'd looked dejected when he first entered the room it was nothing compared to how he looked when faced with this issue he obviously didn't want to deal with. 

"I'm sorry, Vicky," was all he managed to say. 

"It's just.... I didn't mean to be late on the rent," she pouted. "I've never lived outside my parents house before, and I didn't know anything about budgeting, and... and... oh, I'm just so stupid!" she cried and put her face in her hands pretending to cry.

Mr. Leeman moved next to her and patted her back uncertainly, "I'm sorry Vicky, you're not stupid. Lots of people have things like this happen. I know you didn't meant it it's just that my wi... I mean, well, landlords have to be landlords and I need a tenant who can pay me for their apartment. Otherwise what's the point in renting them out?"

She wiped away the non-existent tears, "I think your wife hates me," she pouted.

Mr. Leeman just looked at her. She was so damn beautiful. Young and innocent. He didn't want to kick her out. If the truth be told seeing her tight little butt and bouncy tits walk through the hallway was the highlight of his day. Damn his stupid wife. He never could figure out why he married such a cold bitch. He didn't think he'd had sex in ages and she wouldn't even allow a porno in the house. Vicky was probably right. She probably just wanted her kicked out because she was so damn hot and not only was he going to let it happen, he'd actually served the poor girl her notice. She was just a kid, what did she know about having an apartment? Dammit all anyway!

Vicky looked up at him, her eyes pools of innocence and trust, "Isn't there anything at all I can do to change your mind?" she pouted.

"I don't know, Vicky. It's not just my decision." he about bit his tongue when he realized what he'd said. Some man he was.

"Oh, I don't know about that... I mean, you're the landlord.... sir. Maybe there's something I could offer you?" she didn't wait for a reply. She lowered herself slowly to her knees in front of him. He started at her, stumbled over a few words,

"What? Vicky? No! Huh?" none of them made any sense and he didn't move though he was surprised. She slowly unbuttoned his pants and pulled down his zipper.

"Well, I figure," she said coyly, "if it's because of your wife... maybe I should offer you something she doesn't. Then I'd have a reason to stay here." She smiled up at him as she reached her delicate pink nailed hand into his pants and withdrew his quickly hardening cock. It was pretty thick, even when it was soft and her eyes widened at it. This could prove to be more fun than she'd realized. 

He watched her as she worked his fat dick with her delicate little fingers.

"Am I doing this right?"she asked, as if dozens of cocks before his hadn't hardened in that knowing little hand. He just nodded. He couldn't believe this was happening. How many nights had he fantasized about this while he jacked off in the bathroom, or on the rare occasion his frigid wife would agree to fuck him. God, he hadn't felt something so warm and soft in years. 

As his cock hardened, proving itself to be rather thick. Vicky reached out her pretty pink tongue and touched the tip of it to the tip of his cock, tasting a little precum. "Mmm, you taste good." she said, as though a child addressing an ice cream cone. "Your cock is so thick, your wife ought to be dancing around that apartment for joy." 

He was torn between not wanting to think about his wife, and the great feeling that came from realizing this hot little thing liked his cock and felt it was being taken for granted. She hadn't taken him in her mouth yet and he watched those perfect pink lips and waited for them to be wrapped around him. But first she lifted his cock higher, and licked at his balls while she jacked him. Her tongue felt so warm. She sucked one into her mouth and rolled it on her tongue. He groaned.

Then she licked him from base to tip, and looking up at him with her doe eyes and smiling she wrapped her lips around the head of his cock and said, "mmmmm" as she slowly inched him into her mouth.

He was very thick for her little mouth and her lips were stretched around him but he'd never felt anything so good. She was warm and wet and her tongue was dancing around his cock as she slid him further into her mouth. Once she had him in as far as he would go she began to slowly bob her head back and forth, flicking her tongue about his cock. She alternated flicking her tongue with a vacuum like suck whenever she pulled her head back. He wanted it to last forever, she was so hot and he'd never had something so wonderful, but his lack of a sex life and the sheer pleasure she was ringing from him caused his balls to tighten and he shot his load down her throat. She somehow managed a giggle with him still lodged in her mouth as she sucked and swallowed all she could get. Finally she popped him out of her mouth and began licking up the remaining cum off his cock. 

"That was wonderful," he said.

"I'm not done yet," she smiled and pushed him back towards the couch where he sat down. She stood, pushed the coffee table out of the way with one high heeled foot and began to unbutton her shirt. "I want to give you something special," she said as the buttons came undone. She dropped the blouse to the floor and stood there in her skirt and bra. The bra was lace and very see through. He could make out her nipples under the fabric. Her tits had to be C's at least, he felt himself beginning to get hard again.

She reached behind her back and unclasped her bra, but held it in place. "You wanna see?" she asked him. He nodded. "Are you sure you want to kick these out of your building?" She asked as she let her bra drop to the floor." 

"Not at all," he whispered as he stared at her glorious tits bouncing freely in front of him.

"Take your pants off," was all the response he got and he quickly obeyed. They had been falling down during the blow job anyway. He kicked them off and his shirt quickly followed. She pushed him back against the couch and knelt in front of him on the couch, straddling his big cock, but she didn't put it in her yet. She sat in his lap and rubbed her tits against his chest while she kissed him deeply. Her nipples hardened against his flesh and he wondered if the hair on him was tickling her.

She felt his hands run up under her skirt where they happily found her shaved pussy free from panties. He squeezed her bare ass with his strong hands while they kissed then he moved his mouth down and sucked one of her nipples into his mouth and flicked his tongue over it. She giggled again and he got harder.

He brought one finger around and stuck it in her mouth. She gave it a mini blowjob. Then he slowly inched it back to her ass and slipped it up her asshole. She moaned a giggly little moan. He loved her giggles. So girlish and naughty. She was really enjoying herself. "I want you to fuck me, Mr. Leeman," she whispered in his ear while he sucked her tits, "Fuck me with your fat cock. I need it!" It was all the encouragement he needed. He lifted up her tiny body and impaled her on his throbbing cock.

Oh shit, she had a tight pussy! He was grateful he'd cum so recently or he would have shot his load right there. Maybe that had been her plan, he didn't know or care. He put his hands on either side of her ass and lifted up and dropped her down on his cock and watched her titties bounce in his face. She leaned back and he watched as she bounced up and down, bare chested, her little green skirt still covering their actions. Her hair bounced too as she looked into his eyes, smiling.

For the first time since he'd been in the apartment she seemed to lose her perfect composure and in it's place he heard animal cries of lust and pleasure. He continued to pound her onto his cock and she cried, "Oh shit, I'm gonna cum!" and as she did he pulled her off his cock and focused on calming down. He wanted this to last as long as he could. She flopped onto her back on the couch and cried out as her orgasm continued to rush over her and then she laughed like a playful child. He knelt on the couch between her legs and looked at her pussy. It's was perfect. It was clean shaven, her outer lips were fat and juicy and she was wet from her orgasm. She watched him as he took a huge sniff of her and she laughed again. he looked up at her and grinned.

"First time in years I've seen one of these things that didn't have cobwebs on it," he joked. She ran her fingers through his hair. 

"Enjoy," she said. He grabbed a pillow and shoved it under her butt for a better angle. Then he spread her ass cheeks and licked her from ass to clit and back again. He loved the feel of her bare pussy lips on his tongue and she tasted so sweet. He swirled his tongue around her clit and she groaned, then he sucked it into his mouth and treated it to a sucking and some tongue lashes. He sucked on each of her lips in turn and dove his tongue up into her pussy making her cry out before working his way back up to her clit.

He brought up a hand and slowly inserted a finger into her wet pussy, then realizing he'd already stretched her with his huge cock he added a few more. He curled his fingers slightly and wriggled them around as he finger fucked her and sucked her clit and pretty soon she was cumming again and he lapped up her juices as best he could before pulling her toward him and kissing her, her juices still on his face. Then he stood her up and bent her over the coffee table. 

She put her hands on the coffee table to brace herself and looked over her shoulder with a smile."Now fuck me with that cock! I've never had anything so good, I want more!" she said and he rammed it into her from behind. He used his hands to spread her ass cheeks and fingered her asshole.

He only managed a few strokes before she cried the words he never thought he'd here. "Fuck my ass, Mr. Leeman, fuck my aaaassssss pleeeeease!"

He wasn't sure what to do. He'd never done that before. His wife barely let him fuck her. He'd already had his first tastes of pussy since he was a teenager, now he'd get to fuck her ass too? 

"Just stick it up my ass!" she cried. He pulled out her her pussy looked at her little pink asshole and he felt himself get harder, which he didn't realize was possible. He positioned the head of his fat cock at her hole and slowly pushed himself inside. She only groaned a little bit. He was sufficiently lubed from her pussy that he slid in easily, considering his size. His huge cock seemed to nearly rip her tight little ass wide open but she didn't show any sign of pain. It was fucking wonderful. he'd never felt anything like it. It was so much tighter and drier than her pussy and it was hot, and it was dirty. He didn't know how long he could last up here. 

Vicky had moved one of her hands to play with her clit and used the other to support herself against the coffee table. "Mmmmm....I love your cock in my ass..." she cooed.

"MARCUS!" came a shrill shout from over by the door. Landlord and tenant looked around to see Mrs. Leeman standing in the doorway. Her eyes were wide and her jaw was practically on the floor. Obviously she'd come to see what was taking her husband so long.

Vicky realized the danger here and she wasn't about to let Mr. Leeman get soft. He was about to pull out when she said, "Oh Mr. Leeman fuck my tight ass with that huge cock! To hell with that frigid bitch! I need your cock, fuck my ass please!" and with his wife watching in shock Mr. Leeman fucked her tight little ass with all his might. He grabbed her hips and pulled her back against him as hard as he could Vicky kept her eyes on Mrs. Leeman and said, "I love his fucking cock, you've had it all this time and never taken advantage of it?" Mrs. Leeman just stared.

Vicky turned away and continued to cheer him on. "Oh fuck my ass with your wonderful cock! Oh God, yes! You feel soo goooooood!" As Vicky launched into another orgasm Mr. Leeman locked eyes with his astonished wife, grinned at her, slapped Vicky on the ass and shot his load deep into her asshole. He'd never come so hard, he actually cried out loud and slapper her ass again.

Mrs. Leeman turned and fled from the room. For a moment Mr. Leeman stared after her as he popped out of Vicky's ass and she stood up. She wrapped her hands around his waist and pressed herself against him. 

"You're too good for her," she told him, "I have a girlfriend coming over tonight you might like to meet.... that is, if I can stay."

He pulled away from her and looked into her not so Innocent eyes, then smiled. "You think I'd kick you out after that? You keep fucking me like that and you can stay here free of charge as long as you like. Hell, for getting rid of my wife I'll even pay your bills. Now, I need to go tell that bitch to pack her bags."

Without so much as wiping off the juices of Vicky's pussy and asshole Mr. Leeman pulled on his jeans and went to tell his wife to get out. Vicky jumped in the shower. She was happy for Mr. Leeman. He was finally getting the pussy he deserved and she was going to be able to stay in her apartment. She couldn't wait to tell Sara what a wonderful man Mr. Leeman was. Hopefully she'd agree to let him in on their games tonight.