 Chapter 3

Tori slowly settled back into a normal routine after her encounter with Brad. It had been three weeks and Brad still had not called. Tori was beginning to think he had been satisfied with the blowjob she had given him. The money was in the account as he had promised. Tori spent the first week shopping like mad to try and erase the memory of what she had done. She had even thrown herself into her love making with her husband. All this, and the memory still remained. That large, hot dick which she had not only held in her hand, but had licked and sucked on until he had cum on her and had landed in her. She still wouldn't go down on John no matter how much he begged her to. She had no idea what Brad had planned next, but she was going to do her best not to give him what he wanted.

Brad had slept well that night, satisfied that his plan had worked like a charm. He let a few weeks pass, just to give her a false sense of calm. Brad planned on getting every bit of what was coming to him from the money he was giving Tori and John. The dick sucking that she had given him had been just what he'd wanted. Now he was ready for more. Today was Thursday and Brad was planning on giving Tori a call for a Friday "appointment". 

"Tori, are you ready for our next appointment?" Brad asked Tori over the phone.

"Well, I was thinking about it and..."Tori stammered out.

"There is no thinking about it. I've warned you what'll happen if you don't fulfill your side of the deal. Now, I'll be over tomorrow at 11 am. I want you washed and clean. Understand?" Brad stated.

"I...uh...I understand. 11 am tomorrow." She said.

"Great, now, don't feel so bad, it'll guarantee that the money for the next month will be in your account. By the way, did you pay off any bills with that first installment?" He asked.

"No, but what do you care what I do with the money? I've earned it." She shot back.

"Hahaha...you've just started to earn it Tori. You still have a long way to go. Oh, and don't feel so bad about tomorrow, you should try and look forward to it. I know I'll have fun. See you tomorrow Tori."

"Whatever." She said.

Brad hung up the phone with a huge grin on his face. Tomorrow should be fun indeed.

 The alarm went off at 9:30 am and it still felt early to Tori. She hadn’t slept all night thinking about what was to happen today. She got out of bed and headed for the shower. Meanwhile, on the other side of town, Brad was just getting out of the shower. Cleaned up and horny, he felt ready for today, having an idea in mind of what he wanted out of her. 11 o’clock rolled around and he made his way over to her house. John was at work so there was no need to worry about him coming home early.

 Brad knocked on the door. Tori opened it with a depressed look on her face.

“Hi Tori, sleep well?” He asked.

“No” She replied.

“Well, you will tonight!” Brad said with a grin.

 With that he came in, making her move out of his way reluctantly. This time, Brad wanted a little nicer place to start things off. As he headed for the bedroom Tori quickly came after him.

“Where are you going? Aren’t we going to do this on the couch?” She asked with anxiety.

“Nah, today I want something that requires us to lay down. In fact, do you have spare sheets? You may want to get them out, that way John won’t have to roll in a wet spot that he didn’t make.” He said.

“You are so sick, you know that?” Tori hissed in anger.

“Just do it. And save the acting for someone else. You’re getting paid very well to do this.” Brad said.

 Tori walked out of the bedroom to get the spare sheets. I can’t believe we are going to do this on my bed, she thought. How will I be able to sleep there again? Maybe he just wants me to suck on him, like last time? I’ll do it fast like last time; he’ll cum quickly, she thought.

 Shuddering at the thought of what happened last time, and the cum she had to wash out of her hair, she made her way back to the bedroom. Brad was sitting in the wing chair, pulling off his pants. He had stripped the bed sheets off and they were lying on the floor.

“Why did you pull those off?” She demanded.

“Wet sheets tell tales Tori. I told you I want no one to find out about our contract.” He explained. “Now, let’s make this bed and see what we can accomplish today.”

 Nervousness and fear were raging inside of Tori at what was to come. She wasn’t stupid. She knew you had sex on the bed. It was the fact that Brad seemed so calm about the whole thing that frightened her. Making the bed took no more than a minute and then they were standing on either side, one waiting for the other to say something.

Brad stood there for a second more, enjoying the look in Tori’s eyes. Brad reached down and pulled off his boxers, which were the only thing he’d left on. As they slid down Tori was watching like a hawk, waiting to see his cock. As much as she hated what was to come, she was still fascinated with the size of Brad’s cock. Already at half-mast, Brad was ready to start having some fun.

Chapter 4


 “Take off your clothes and lay down here with me.” He said, sliding onto the bed.

Tori had dressed in baggy clothes that day, hoping to distract him from his goal. She pulled her shirt over her head and quickly twisted around to pull her bottoms off. Brad chuckled at this show of shyness. Tori was taking her time folding her clothes and putting them on her dresser.

“I have all day Tori, take as much time as you want.” Brad said with a grin.

Without a word of response Tori backed up and sat on the edge of the bed. Brad reached over and pulled her back down on the bed.

“Lay by me…and relax, this could be fun for you. Remember the money and the fact that it’s keeping the roof over your heads. Think how this helps you and John and it’ll be better, okay?” He said.

Tori slowly relaxed on the bed. I’m doing this for the money, she thought to herself. That’s the only reason. I can do this. Think of the shopping I can do. We could pay off one of the cars with it too. I’ve had sex lots of times. This won’t be anything new.

Brad knew what turned her on. She was no different from her sister, his wife. He started by rubbing her nice little titties. The nipples became hard after a few strokes and twists. He leaned over and said to her:
“Now, we are going to do a little kissing. I enjoy it and have wanted to kiss you for a long time. I would like it if you kissed back…but I won’t force you to. Just think of the contract.”

Brad began kissing her, using all the skill he had to bring her to a point of arousal. Her kissed her lips, he kissed the side of her neck, he even kissed around her ear. He began to notice a change in her breathing. She had started to breathe deeper and faster. It was working! She still was not hardly kissing him back, but it didn’t matter now. He began to slide his hand between them to feel for her wetness. She squirmed at his gentle probing of her slit. She tried to push his hand away from her vag.

“Wait, don’t put your fingers in me. If we’re going to have sex just do it and get it over with.” She demanded.

“You forget that it’s what I want and not what you want. Is that clear enough for you?” Brad asked while slipping a finger into her hot slit.

“Just…hurry. I don’t want to have to do this for any longer than I have to.” She replied, turning her head to one side to avoid his gaze.

“Relax Tor, I promise it’ll be cool. No worse than when you went down on me and I blew my load on your beautiful face.” He said.

Tori thought about this and finally relaxed. This is it, she thought. This is where he sticks that big thing in me. I can do this. I’ll just go fast and he’ll cum quick.

Brad had two fingers in her now and was rocking them in and out of her moistening slit. Her breathing got faster and faster. She gets turned on just like her sister, he thought. This is just what I wanted.

 Brad began to move faster and faster now, working her up that peak. She began to whimper and moan softly. Placing a thumb up where it could hit her clitoris, he rubbed it over that sweet spot. She’s about to cum, he thought. Going even faster, he pushed for that ultimate goal.

“Wait….wait….wait….ohhhh” She moaned.

‘Just cum and you’ll feel so much better. I want to feel you cum on my fingers. Do it, cum for me!” He harshly whispered.

All of a sudden, she was there, bucking and shaking with her orgasm. Brad could feel her clenching down on the fingers he had stuffed into her hot box. Slowly moving his fingers back and forth, Brad pulled his fingers from her cunt. He held them up to her face so that she could see the gleam of her cum on his fingers. 

“Very nice! Thank you! I highly enjoyed that!” He said, smiling down on her.

“Ohhhhh…” was all she said in reply.

She placed her arm over her eyes so she wouldn’t have to look at him. Brad smiled and lay back down on the bed beside her.

‘I told you it wouldn’t be so bad. I really like being with you. You respond so well to my touch!” he said.

“Is that it? Are you done with me?” She asked hopefully.

“No, now it’s my turn. Turn over here and get my dick wet.”

With that, Tori let out a sigh and turned over, her head still swimming from the powerful orgasm she’d just had. The pillar of meat that greeted her sight brought her back down to earth in a rush. She was only a few inches away from Brad’s mammoth cock.

“What do you want me to do?” She asked quietly, staring at his dick.

“Suck and lick it so that it’ll slide in easier.” He replied.

Remembering sucking on his cock from last time, she started out with a few licks before trying to get the head in her mouth.

“Nice, very nice. Have you been practicing on John?” He asked.

“No, I’m only doing it for the money. It’s a nasty act and I won’t do to John.” She said.

‘Boy, he sure is missing a very talented tongue.” He said with a smile.

Tori had nothing to say to that, so she continued to work at making him cum as quickly as possible. Holding that hot dick by the base, she began to slide the head in and out of her mouth.

“Okay Tori, it’s time to get what I came here for.”

‘Isn’t this what you came here for?” She asked innocently, giving one hard, long suck on the head of his cock.

“You know it isn’t. And you still haven’t learned to keep your teeth away from my dick.” He said.

 Upset that her ploy hadn’t worked, Tori pulled her mouth from Brad’s dick.

“What do you want then?” She asked.

 Brad just smiled and pushed her back down on the bed. He moved over and between her knees. Placing his dick at the entrance of her cunt, he moved the head up and down the small opening. Only the first quarter of Brad’s cock was wet and he was worried that it might not be enough. Looking into her eyes, he could see that she was thinking the same thing. 

 Pushing a little at a time, Brad managed to start to slide in. It was only the first part of the head that he got in before Tori stopped him.

“Wait, it’s really big. Don’t you want me to suck you off again? I promise not to let my teeth hit you.” She pleaded.

“Don’t worry, it’ll go in. I brought some stuff with me that’ll help.” He said, getting off the bed.

Brad had come prepared. He knew the chances of her soaking his monster dick with spit were slim, but he had to give it a try. Grabbing the lube, he made his way to her side of the bed.

“Put it on me. If you use too little, it’ll hurt. Also, if you don’t cover all it in lube, it’ll hurt.” He explained.

She sat up and took the lube from him. Once again, face to face with that immensely thick cock, she thought of nothing but how it would hurt once it was in. She smeared the lube on his dick, using two hands to cover the whole thing with as much lube as she could. Finally finished, she lay back down and used the lube on her hands to rub herself to ease the way.

 Brad climbed back on the bed and maneuvered himself between her legs. Grabbing the base of his dick, he began to make small in and out motions with the head of his dick against her cunt. Finally, he thought. I’m finally going to fuck her! I’ve waited so long for this! 

 As his head worked its way in, a fear started to arise in Tori.

He’s got a huge dick, she thought. I hope I’ve put enough lube on that thing. It only got harder and harder as I put that stuff on. Maybe he’ll cum after getting it in? John does that sometimes. As these thoughts rushed thru her head, she began to feel the real pressure of Brad’s cock.

Brad was steadily working half of his cock in and out. He enjoyed the look of discomfort on Tori’s face. Picking up speed, he began to shove even more of his slick cock into her tiny cunt.

“Unnnnnhhhhh….Unnnnhhhhhh” She grunted out with each thrust.

Brad was almost all the way in now and had no plans of stopping. One thing he hadn’t told Tori was that he’d had sex last night with Katy. He had no massive load waiting to explode. He planned on taking his time with her and using her enough so that he felt satisfied with the money he was giving in return.

Brad was at last able to pull his hand away from in between them, allowing for longer, smoother thrusts. He really started to work on her now.

Tori didn’t know how to feel. She’d never been this full of dick before. She felt the stretching of her vag to accommodate his huge shaft. Now, his long strokes were sweeping her to orgasm. 

“I…I…I…slow down, I don’t want to cum again.” She panted.

Brad said nothing. He started slamming his dick even harder into her. They both could hear the slishing and sucking sounds his dick was making in her cunt. He could feel her tighten up as she approached orgasm.

“Awwwwww….Awwwwwww…” She screamed out as she came.

 Brad could feel her trying to lock down on his cock, but his dick was too big to get a lock on. He waited for her to slow her thrashing before her was ready to try something else. Slowly pulling his cock from her cunt, he looked down and saw all the cum and lube she’d left coating his cock. 

“There, that wasn’t so bad, was it?” Brad panted out.

Tori took her time in answering. 

“Are you done now?” She asked quietly.

He smiled and shook his head. Lying back down next to her, he motioned for her to climb on his cock.

“We don’t do it this way.” She explained.

“Well, I need a break from all the work, now you have to carry the load.” He said.

With shaky arms and legs, Tori climbed up over his body. She had to rearrange her legs on either side of Brad. 
 Brad smiled when her saw that she didn’t know anything about being on top. He even had to place his dick at the right spot so that she would know when to sit back.

“Okay, now slide on down my dick and let’s get started.” 

Tori felt an odd sensation as she slid down his enormous shaft. Still slick from the lube and cum, she had no problem sliding all the way down. She felt so firmly rooted to his dick. As if it were reaching places she didn’t know she had. Full was the only way to describe it, very full.

 Brad had to start moving his hips in order to give her the rhythm she needed. What a sight it was! Here was his sister-in-law sliding up and down on his dick with her eyes closed!

“How does it feel Tori? Do you like this position?” He asked.

”Uhhh…it’s okay I guess.” She stammered out.

I wonder if she’d like the thumb, Brad thought. Let’s see how high I can get her before my nuts explode. Reaching up he began to fondle her perky breasts. The nipples, relaxed from her orgasm, responded even faster than they had before. It hadn’t even been five minutes when he began to feel her tightening up again.

“Are you going to cum this way Tori?” Brad asked with a grin.

“I don’t know….maybe.” She panted.

Brad decided it was time to use the thumb. Sliding down her young, smooth belly, he placed his thumb against her clit. He started rubbing it in time to his upward thrusts. That sure got a reaction out of her!

“Aaaaaaaaaaaaa…” She screamed as came.

 Brad felt his crotch become flooded with a warm liquid. She really came, he thought! Not stopping the work on her clit, he thrust right up thru her orgasmic contractions. She shook and shivered as he applied even more force to her clit.

“AAAAAAAAAAAAA…!” She screamed again, blasting off for a second time.

What a fuck, brad thought! I could keep her cumming all day! This whole deal is getting better and better by the moment! 

 Brad let her roll off of him when she started to calm down. She lay on her back, gasping for breath. He waited for her to stop breathing so hard to talk to her.

“Tori, did you like that one?” He asked.

All she could do was nod weakly. It had never been like this with anyone. She couldn’t believe how he made her cum so hard. All she wanted to do now is to turn over and take a nap.

“You’ve made quite a mess Tori. It’s a good thing we changed the sheets, huh?”

Another nod.

“You sure came hard. You squirted that cum all over me. I think it’s supposed to be the other way around. Do you always cum like that?”

This time it was a shake of the head.

“I’m sorry I peed on you.” She whispered.

“You didn’t pee on me! You came on me! That’s a powerful and rare thing when a woman can do that. Thank you for letting me know you enjoyed it.” He whispered back at her.

“Listen, watching you cum has made me want to cum. From this point on I’ll do the work. The only thing I ask is that when I cum, you let me cum in your mouth, okay?” 

“I…don’t think I can do that.” She said.

“Well, we can stop here with the money if you’d like. No more payments, no more shopping.”

“Fine, I’ll let you do it in my mouth.”

“Do what in your mouth? I want you to say it.”

“Cum in my mouth, I’ll let you cum in my mouth.” She hissed at him.

“Wonderful, that’s just what I wanted! Now, stay on your side like that. Bring your knees up a little more…perfect. Just relax, but be ready when I pull out.”

“Wait, you’re not going to wash that stuff off first?” She cried.

“Nope, it’s going straight from your cunt to your mouth.”

“Whatever then…” She sighed.

Brad was staring at her ass the whole time, watching her curled into that fetal position. Her got behind her and started to feed his cock between her thighs straight into her cunt.

“I’ve never done this position either.” She blurted out.

“I told you I’ll do the work, lay back and relax.”


 He knelt back down behind her and started to push his cock into her. She was so slick from cumming and the lube that with a little pushing he was able to get it all in. Her gasp of breath told him she could feel every bump and ridge on his cock. Brad wanted this to be the last position her took her in due to the fact that it’s a much tighter fit when they lay on their sides. He really started to thrust faster, feeling her tightness all over again. Reaching up, he played with the nipple he could reach.

“Ummmmmm…” She responded.

Brad began to go even faster, sliding his thick cock in and out with glistening speed. Pulling his hand from her breast, he stuck his thumb in his mouth. Let’s see if she likes a little ass play.

Slamming his cock into her, he places his thumb against her anus, pushing in and out to loosen it up. It starts to open underneath the pressure of his thumb.

“Ahhhhhh…what are you doing???” She cries.

Not even caring about what she’s saying, Brad is able feel her anus slowly open up. Starting a more furious attack on her asshole, he begins to push his thumb in.

“Stop, don’t do that! Take it out! I don’t like it!” She cries.

“I don’t care what you like!” Brad yells back at her.

Sounds are coming from her that spur Brad on even further.

“Uhgnnnn, uhgnnnn,uhgnnnn…!”

“You like my cock in your cunt and my thumb in your ass, don’t you?” he thunders at her.

“Uhgnnnn, uhgnnnn,uhgnnnn…!”
