 I heard the door slam as she left the flat, 'at least they'd stopped arguing' I thought to myself as I carried on washing up. My fiancée and her best friend/our flatmate had been arguing since I'd got home from work. I had moved in with them to start working for a few months before my fiancée and I got ourselves a flat of our own. No-one had been too keen on this scenario, but with the lease on this flat up shortly, and neither of us having the money to move out early it was the only option. We were all in our early 20's and had got on well before I moved in, but since that point my fiancée and her best friend had been arguing more and more - not too difficult to see the link there!

Anyway, a little background - in the space of little over two weeks I seem to have turned into your average city worker - nine to five job, working for a large company in the city, 6ft tall, nicely cut suit to hide the little bit of weight I seem to be putting on! It's quite scary really, the speed of the transformation, maybe they have some sort of chemical spray in the square mile, or maybe, as my fiancée tells me, I was born to wear a suit. My fiancée on the other hand is still unemployed, 5ft tall with a nice rack, a sexy arse and a bit of a Mediterranean look to her. Her best friend is also unemployed (so they may well have been arguing all day!), 5ft 8in tall with a small rack and a tight arse, some would call her a typical English Rose, I would remind them that all Roses have thorns.

I was just beginning to ponder over what to have for tea (you think being unemployed, my fiancée would be able to take some time from her busy schedule to cook for me!) when I was summoned.

"Could you come in here, please." She called from our bedroom.

Quite why she couldn't make the arduous journey to the kitchen if she wanted to see me was beyond my comprehension. I made my way to our bedroom and she was sat on the bed, her cheeks still flushed red from the argument she'd been having.

"I want to talk to you about Kerry's {her best friend/our flatmate} birthday present." She told me.

"Can't it wait?" I asked, stupidly.

"No it can't!" She snapped, "Now, her boyfriend won't give her oral sex, so I was thinking..."

"We'd get her a vibrator and a packet of wet wipes?" I interjected, helpfully, smiling at my own joke {mental note - really have to stop that}.

"No." She said flatly, not even smiling, "I was thinking maybe you would give her oral sex."

"What??? Are you serious?" I asked, dumbfounded.

"Deadly." She replied.

I didn't know what to say, I had always had the impression that she would cut my balls off if I so much as looked at another woman, now she was asking me to go down on her best friend?

"Why?" I asked.

"I have my reasons, you don't need to know them." She said matter-of-factly.

"You don't think I need to know why my fiancée has asked me to stick my tongue in her best friends' pussy?" I asked, sarcastically.

"No, you don't. So you'll do it?" She asked/told me.

"It doesn't sound like I've got much choice. But just remember this is your idea, I don't want to do it, and on your head fall the consequences." I told her.

"Fine, I'll be going shopping Saturday morning you can do it then." She said.

"One more thing, make sure she shaves or waxes before hand." I told my fiancée as I walked back to the kitchen to carry on with the dishes.

I stood deep in thought, pondering between the lines of the conversation, trying to remember any of the arguments I'd heard, trying to work out why this was happening. I really wasn't too enthusiastic about giving oral to Kerry, as strange as that sounds as last time I checked my boxers I did still have a dick, but there was just something about her that didn't do it for me. Ah well, pussy, even at my fiancée's strange invitation was still pussy, and maybe I might be able to get a blowjob out of it, I'd heard good things about Kerry's technique.

Just then my fiancée came into the kitchen, spun me around and hugged me tight, "You know I really really love you don't you?" She asked.

"But what about..." I started to say, but she just lent up to me and kissed me, her tongue slipped into my mouth, my arms slipped round her waist and she led me to the bedroom...

******************************* *******************************

As usual I still got up early on the Saturday morning, having a leisurely shower before having some breakfast whilst I made my fiancée a cup of tea. I surfed the internet for a while whilst my fiancée had a shower and got dressed.

"I'm off shopping now." She announced as she entered the lounge, "Have a good day, and I'll see you later." She put her arms around me and pulled me into her as I leaned down to give her a kiss goodbye.

"See you later, don't spend too much!" I said, waving her off at the door.

Kerry was in the shower, so I went back to surfing the internet for a while, whilst I waited for her to finish. A little later I heard her leave the bathroom, then gave her 10 minutes to dry herself off before walking to her room. I knocked on the door and walked in, she was stood infront of her mirror, preening herself, wearing a short denim skirt and a fitted white shirt.

"Would you like your birthday present now?" I asked.

"Oooooh, yes please. What have you got me?" Kerry replied.

"You know damn well what you're getting!" I told her, as I slowly undid the buttons on her shirt.

I slipped the shirt off her arms to reveal a well padded cream bra, before turning my attention to her denim skirt, reaching behind her and pulling the zip down slowly, unhooking the catch and sliding the skirt down her legs, she was wearing a pair of lacy white French knickers. Kerry twirled infront of me, showing how well the knickers clung to her tight arse. I reached behind her and unhooked her bra, before slowly peeling it away from her chest to reveal two small, but very pert breasts that couldn't have been more than a B cup, topped with two small nipples that looked ripe to be sucked on.

"Not bad so far." I said.

Finally, I hooked my fingers into her knickers, and pulled them down her legs so she could step out of them.

"I see you've waxed." I said, brushing my fingers over her smooth, bald pussy as she shuddered.

"I want you naked too." She told me.

"That wasn't part of the deal." I retorted.

"You didn't have a deal with me, now strip." She said, forcefully.

Grumbling I quickly pulled off my t-shirt, undid my belt and flies, before dropping my shorts to the ground. I then reluctantly slipped out of my boxers, giving Kerry her first sight of my still flaccid cock.

To my surprise Kerry then dropped to her knees and took my flaccid cock in her mouth, as she ran her tongue around my cock I could feel it, unsurprisingly beginning to grow in her mouth, she was certainly talented with her tongue, and her big mouth meant she could take more of it then my fiancée could.

"I thought I was the one that was supposed to give you oral?" I questioned.

She let my stiff cock, which was now at its full nine inches slip from her mouth to say "I like my men hard and wanting me first!" She then took my cock back in her mouth, licking the head before sliding as much of it into her mouth as she could.

"But I'm not your man." I said, between groans.

Again she let my cock slip from her mouth, holding it in her hand, "Until I'm satisfied I think you'll find that's exactly what you are! Now, it's your turn!" She told me as she stood up and went to lie down, legs spread on her bed.

I climbed between Kerry's spread legs, my cock still hard and dripping with her saliva, I lined it up so that the head was rubbing over her clit as I leaned forward and took first one, then the other of the nipples of her pert breasts in my mouth, giving it a gentle suck and swirling my tongue around it. She moaned slightly as I did, before saying "I think what you're looking for is lower down..."

I slid down the bed so that my face was level with her smooth, bald pussy, her slightly protruding pink lips splayed a little in anticipation, with just the slightest hint of moisture glistening on them, she certainly had a pretty pussy! I dived in and keeping my tongue completely flat licked from the bottom of her slit all the way to the top as slowly as possible, Kerry moaned in appreciation of the tongue on her pussy. I licked around her pink lips before gently parting them slightly with the end of my tongue, sliding my tongue up and down the inside of her lips.

I then withdrew and looked up at her, seeing the look on her face I decided I'd teased her enough and dived back down to her pussy, again licking up the entire length of her slit, but this time at the top I paused and ran my tongue over her clit a few times before finally plunging my tongue into her pussy as she groaned with pleasure at the invasion. I swirled my tongue around inside her, tasting her intimate flavour, as she moaned her appreciation, I heard her breathing get more erratic as she neared orgasm, so I decided to tip her over the edge in the best way possible.

I allowed my tongue to slip from her pussy as my left hand snaked up her body to her pert breast and started fondling it, I once again licked all the way up her slit, until my tongue latched onto her exposed clit, before finally covering two fingers on my right hand in saliva and juices and slipping them into her open pussy, curling them up and feeling along her vaginal wall until I found the ridges that signified her G-spot, her gasp confirming my find. Kerry brought her hands down onto my head, attempting to force it further against her pussy, whilst my left hand continued fondling her breast, my tongue was fervently attacking her clit and my right hand stimulating her G-spot. After less than 30 seconds of this treatment she exploded in orgasm with an ear piercing shriek of pleasure as her pussy clamped down on my fingers and her juices washed over them, coating my right hand.

"Fuck me, fuck me now!" She demanded, panting to regain her breath.

"You know we really shouldn't, that wasn't part of any deal." I reminded her.

"I don't care, I NEED you to plunge your hard cock into me NOW!" She pleaded with me.

"Well, maybe on one condition..."

"What? Anything, just fuck me!"

I was on my knees between her legs now, so I guided my cock to the wide open entrance of her pussy, just letting the head touch her pussy lips as I said, "OK, I'll plunge my cock into you, if, you let me fuck that tight arse of yours."

"Yes, yes, anything, now PLEASE FUCK ME!" She moaned in desperation.

"So let me get this straight," I said as I rubbed the head of my cock up and down her slick slit, "If I slide into you now, you'll let me have anal sex with you, today?"

"Anal sex, yes, now please please..."

She didn't finish her sentence as I plunged my nine inch cock deep into her sopping wet pussy. She took it all, but only just, I looked up at her and the look on her face said it all, she had never had a cock quite as big as mine in her before and she was completely full. I had completely filled the pussy of my fiancée's best friend.

I slowly slid my cock in and out of Kerry's slick pussy, enjoying her juicy tightness, I could feel my cock exploring every last millimetre of her sodden pussy, as she moaned with pleasure everytime my cock slid into her. I took hold of her legs, placing them over my shoulders, then slid my cock back into her, deeper than before, until every last millimetre of my cock was buried inside her pussy, as she gasped at the deep penetration. I pounded my cock deeply into her pussy, her moans growing louder and louder as she once again started her ascent towards orgasm. I wasn't far behind, I could feel the sperm starting to boil up from my balls. I continued pounding into her as deeply as I could, her moans now more like screams of pleasure, as with every thrust my cock bottomed out in her pussy, ploughing a hole into her that no-one else would ever be able to fill as well as I do.

With a shriek of pleasure Kerry came again, her pussy tightening its grip on my cock as her juices washed over it. She panted to regain her breath as I continued to pound into her, I could hear my cock sloshing around in her juicy pussy as I slammed it into her, not breaking my rhythm. I could really feel the cum boiling up inside me now as I continued to plunge into her and I knew I couldn't last much longer. Finally, with one last deep thrust I plunged into her pussy as deep as I could, with a loud groan of pleasure my orgasm came and I flooded Kerry's already drenched pussy with my cum. I felt and heard her come again, almost silently this time as the first load splashed into her.

Finally after the last spurt of cum had splashed into her I collapsed down on top of her, panting to regain my breath, my still twitching cock buried deep inside her, plugging her to prevent any of my cum from escaping.

Kerry spoke first, "Wow, that was absolutely incredible. I've never come three times before, infact I've never even come once with that intensity, let alone three times!"

"I'm glad you enjoyed it, I must say I did too by then end. Have you ever had anal sex before then?" I asked.

"No, what about you?" She told me.

"Nope, so this should be fun!" I said with a sly grin.

"Why did you choose anal then? I mean you could have had anything from me at that point." She questioned.

"Well, the thought of your tight arse impaled on my cock just got me so hot and I guessed you'd never done it before, so I'd be taking your last hole." I told her.

"Kind of like taking my last Rolo?" She said with a smile.

"I wouldn't really want to take your last Rolo to be honest, it might melt all over my cock and I'm sure the caramel would be a bitch to get off!" I jested.

Having finally regained my breath I pulled my semi-flaccid cock from Kerry's soaked pussy, remarkably no cum followed it, I must have shot it really deep! Relieved of me on top of her Kerry sat up next to me.

"I think I'll need you help." I said pointing to my semi-flaccid cock, which was covered in my cum and her juices.

She immediately dived down onto my cock, and gently rolled her tongue around it and sucked on it until it started to come back to life in her mouth, when she started going to town on me - this girl was very talented with her tongue! As much as I hate stopping blowjobs I had other holes on my mind, and coaxed her off my cock.

"That was the first time I ever tasted my own juices!" She told me, "Definitely prefer cum though!"

"Have you got any lubricant?" I asked.

"Top drawer of my desk." She replied.

I went over to her desk and rummaged around in the top draw until I found her KY jelly. I got back onto the bed and told her to get into doggy style position, she scooted around so that her tight arse was facing me. I resisted the urge to slam my cock back into her pussy and squirted a generous helping of lubricant onto her arsehole. She shivered as the cold jelly came into contact with her skin, I rubbed the KY all around her puckered arsehole, then slowly worked a finger in, getting as much KY into her as possible, I knew this was going to be a tight fit! I squeezed another dollop of KY into my palms, rubbing them together to warm it up before spreading it all over my hard cock.

"I'll go slow and try my best not to hurt you." I told her as I lined the head of my cock up with her arsehole.

I slowly started to apply pressure as the head of my cock started to slowly slip into Kerry's arse.

"That feels huge, there's no way you'll get it in me." She said.

I kept slowly and gently pushing my cock further into her until I came up against the resistance of her sphincter. I gently stroked her back and arse encouraging her to relax and loosen up, I even started talking to her about shopping to distract her, it did the trick and the head of my cock popped through her sphincter.

"Fuck! That hurt! What was that?" She asked, her voice slightly tainted with pain and tears.

"It's ok," I said, reassuring her, "That was just the head of my cock slipping into you."

"That was just the head? Oh hell this is gonna hurt!" She said.

I once again got her to relax and allowed her to get used to it before pushing my cock slightly further into her, pausing, waiting for her to get used to it then adding more. Finally after about 15 minutes my cock was completely inside Kerry's arse.

"Your tight arse is now completely impaled on my cock!" I told her.

"Feels more like a fucking baseball bat to me!" She replied.

"We've done the hard part, it'll get better from here!" I again reassured her.

I slowly slid my cock out to the point where just the head was left inside her arse, before slowly sliding it all the way back in again as she groaned from a mixture of pain and pleasure.

"Now maybe you'll tell me why my fiancée asked me to give you oral sex?" I asked, with my cock buried deep inside Kerry's arse, "and before you answer think about your current position!" To make my point further I pumped my cock deeper into her arse.

"I promise I'll tell you afterwards, but for now please keep fucking me!" She begged.

"I want you to tell me now!" I told her, as I continued to slide my cock in and out of her arse.

"OK, OK. Basically a few weeks ago I came home and found her in bed, naked, with another woman!" She told me.

"Another woman?" I asked, confused, still fucking her arse.

"Yeah, a woman, I didn't know she swung that way either. She begged me not to tell you, said it was just a one off and she'd give me anything." She told me.

"Right." I said, still ploughing Kerry's arse.

"So I thought for a bit, she'd talked so much about the size of your cock, I've wanted to see it for ages, and I knew she wouldn't agree to me fucking you, so I asked for oral, hoping I could escalate it!" She said.

"So you planned all this?" I asked.

"Well, not all, I wasn't expecting you to be fucking my arse, but you made me so damned horny I couldn't refuse!"

"So the question is, how am I going to catch her out and take some revenge?"

"You mean apart from fucking her best friend's arse?" She asked.

"Yeah, apart from that! Although I have an idea if you're willing to help..." I said, continuing to slide in and out of her.

"Shit! I'm gonna cum! What?" She moaned.

"How about I catch you two in bed, with her licking you out, but the twist is she'll be licking my cum from your pussy. How does that sound?" I asked, as I increased the speed with which I was slamming my cock into her arse.

"Yes, yeeessss, yyyeeeeeesssssssss, gggoooooooooooooodddd!" Kerry screamed as she came.

"Excellent!" I replied, before shooting my load deep into her bowels with a grunt.

Kerry collapsed down onto the bed, spent, her once tight arse now a gaping, cum filled hole. I lay down alongside her, my cock aching from it's workout in Kerry's arse.

"You know she won't do anal with me." I told her.

"We'll have to change that!" Kerry said with an evil grin.

******************************* *******************************

As usual I was up early the next Saturday morning, the past week had been uneventful, I had been quizzed briefly about my time with Kerry, but my insistence that I had only given her oral went unchallenged, perhaps my fiancée didn't want to know what really happened.

At a reasonable time, and after I'd had my shower I walked into Kerry's room, wearing only my towel, and dragged the covers off her to reveal she slept in only her thong. "Get up!" I breathed loudly into her ear.

"What?" She said stirring.

"Come with me into the bathroom, quickly!" I told her.

I then helped/dragged her into the bathroom with me before shutting the door and locking it. She blinked a few times, her eyes trying to adjust to the light.
