 "Hey Brad, it's me Tori."

"Hi Tori, what's up?"

"I...I was wondering if you'd like to have an appointment this week?" She stammered.

"Well, we had one just last week. I'm kind of not ready to give it a go again," he said, trying to keep the sound of his smile from her.

"Oh, well, I...um...I..."

"Did you want to have one this week Tori?"

"Um...kind of...I mean John will be visiting his friend out of state. I thought that'd be a good time for us to...you know?"

"I'm not so sure I want to go again so soon. That is, unless you really want to do it again, this week?"

"...Yeah, I do. I'll...I'll make it better for you. I'll do what you tell me to this time," she blurted out in a rush.

"Hahahaha...okay Tori, no problem. When do you want to do this?"

"How about tomorrow?" Tori said, a little breathlessly.

"Sure, same time in the morning as last time?"

"Yeah, that'd be great!"

"Okay, shower, shave up, and we'll have a good time, Brad said.

"All right, I'll see you here tomorrow then."

"Bye."

"Bye."

The sad thing about the whole arrangement was the fact that the sexual encounters all happened during the day, while Tori's husband was at work. That means in the dull times of the day, Tori's mind was bound to turn to her memories. This was an added benefit to Brad's plan. Mostly it was just to see how much he could get out of her. This phone call was a result of the fuckings he had given her. Now she was starting to come to him. It could get dangerous if Brad's wife ever found out about the deal he worked out with Tori. That's why she may not exactly enjoy what he had planned for her. She'll learn to wait for Brad to call, not the other way around. 

Brad rapped on the door a few times before it swung open. There was Tori...but looking a little different today than she had at their last meeting. She had put on a light layer of makeup and was wearing a striped pink and white top. Ragged denim shorts covered her little ass and scrunched down socks were on her feet.

"Hi Brad, come on in," she said with a nice smile on her face.

"You look nice, Tor."

"Thanks. You want something to drink before...?"

"No, I'm good, " Brad said, heading for the couch in the living room.

"Um, wait. Don't you want to do this in the bedroom?" She asked with some hesitation in her voice.

"Well, anywhere is fine by me. Did you want to do this on your bed, Tor?" Brad asked.

"Yeah, I thought that was where we were going to do this?"

"Okay, the bedroom it is," Brad said, noticing the look of relief on her face.

As they made their way to the bedroom, Brad began to notice the small signs of something wrong. Tori was chatting away about nothing in particular, nothing like the nervousness she'd displayed at their last session. She's up to something, Brad thought. This should be interesting.

As Brad walked in the bedroom, a few changes caught his eye. The bed sheets had been changed, the lights were down low, and the closet door was open just a few inches. He'd also seen the way Tori had first looked at the closet when they walked in. On guard, Brad moved to the side of the bed opposite the closet. He reached for the bedside light to turn it on, as the only one on was the one on the other side of the bed.

"Wait, don't you like it dark like this?" She quickly blurted out.

"No, I like to see my dick sliding in and out of you." Brad said, going for shock value.

"Ugh, you don't have to be so sick about it." She said with a look of disgust on her face.

Truth be told, there was plenty of light already. Brad just wanted to see a little bit better into the closet. A quick twist of the switch revealed what was going on. Brad pretended to smooth out the sheets on his side while he glanced into the closet. Tori's secret was revealed: The camera Brad and Katy had given them for a wedding gift was setup in the closet on the tripod. Evidence equals power and Tori was trying to gain control of the situation. She wanted to play games with this whole situation. This made Brad extremely upset. She was getting a lot of money for holding up her end of the bargain. Knowledge is power...and Brad was feeling very powerful at this moment. I'll give some her evidence, Brad thought.

"All right, I'll shut it off...you shy little minx!" Brad said jokingly.

A look of relief crossed her face as the light was shut off. Brad began to take off his clothes, trying to stay in view of the camera the whole time. Tori was still on the other side off the bed, watching Brad take off his clothes. After Brad hung up his last things he turned to Tori with a knowing look. Tori had the grace to blush when Brad caught her staring at his cock. Tori got out of her clothes and quickly laid down on the bed, looking up at the ceiling.

"Well?" Brad asked with hands on hips.

"Well what?" Tori asked, not sure what he was waiting for.

Brad sighed and pulled Tori to her feet on his side of the bed. Leaning in, Brad began to kiss her. Starting at her neck and working up over her ear and down to her mouth. Tori was slow to respond at first, but Brad was relentless with his ministrations. She began to respond with faster breathing. Tori was lost in the kissing when she felt Brads fingers beginning to work their way between her lower lips. 'He's using both of my lips at the same time,' she thought with a cotton-filled head.

Brad could feel her juices starting to flow around his fingers. He could only smile to himself thinking, 'Faster than a rocket and wetter than the ocean.' Moving his hands up to her smallish breasts, he began to fondle and squeeze. Pulling on her nipples and circling the areola, Brad's goal was to make her nipples as hard as he could get them. It didn't take long...

"Owww, don't make them so hard. It hurts," she said, pulling away from his hands.

Smiling, Brad pushed her back on the bed. She lay across the bed with the look he'd come to love: fear and lust all rolled into one. Reaching under her knees, he pulled her closer until her cunt was even with the edge of the bed. Brad placed his hands behind her knees and pushed them towards her chest. With a deep breath as if he were diving, Brad plunged his mouth and tongue on her pink wetness; licking with his tongue and rubbing his nose on her clit, Brad could feel even more of her juices flow. Running his tongue all the way up, he noticed her hands clenching the sheets. Feeling the tightness in his dick, he knew it was time to get down to business.

He stood up and wiped his face with his hand. Her eyes slowly came open. All he had to do was look down at his dick and she got the message. Sitting up, Tori was faced with the weeping head of Brad's thick cock. 'It looks like a bag of skin filled with rocks,' she thought. 'If this works like I've planned, then this will be the last time I have to suck his dick,' she said to herself.

Leaning forward, Tori placed the pre-cum covered head in the front of her mouth. The fireman's helmet shaped head rested easy on her tongue, but she was doing all she could not to taste his foul leakings. Remembering the previous warnings, Tori did her best to keep her teeth away from his dick.

Brad suddenly pulled his dick from her mouth. It wasn't that he wanted her to stop, he just wanted to see the strings of cum and spit connected from her mouth to the head of his dick. Sliding back into her mouth, Brad let her get back to her work.

"Get it nice and wet. I don't want to use lube if I don't have to. You'd like it more if I don't, right?" 

Tori only looked up at him, not once stopping her sucking.

"Why don't you slide a little more in there? It might make me cum faster." He offered.

Tori immediately began to shove more of his hard cock into her mouth. Too much to fast and Tori began to gag. She tried again, but her jaw was beginning to ache.

"My jaw is hurting, can I stop now?" She asked, pulling the cock from her mouth.

It had only been a few minutes, but it had been enough.

"Alright, if you think it's wet enough..." He said pulling away.

"Wait, one more..." She said, reaching for his dick again.

"One more what?" He asked with a grin.

"Let me suck it one more time to get it really wet. I don't want it to hurt."

Brad moved back and placed his glistening dick back in her hands. She got her lips over the head and down a quarter of the shaft. Slobber started to coat his cock as if she were painting it with her lips. Tori's eyes were closed as she worked on coating his dick with her spit.

"Alright, lay back." Brad said in a whisper.

Tori did as she was told. Brad took in her small pert breasts, her flat stomach, and her wet thighs. He climbed up between her legs and scooted forward until the head of his thick dick was near her entrance.

"Say it," he told her.

"Do it. Put it in me." She said in a husky voice.

"Close enough..."

Placing the slick head of his dick to the slick lips of her cunt, Brad slowly began to lean on his dick. The flared head pushed past her lips and began to open the way for the rest of the shaft.

"Wait. Wait. Go slow." She gasped, flinching uncontrollably.

Brad pulled out a fraction of an inch, waited a few seconds, and then slid more dick into his sister-in-law.

"Owww! I said go slow!" She complained.

"If I go to slow, all the work you did on my dick with your mouth will dry up and you'll tear."

"Fine, just be.... just be gentle with it."

Brad didn't tell her that she had more than enough juices flowing from her cunt to coat three dicks his size. Working the head in and out in short strokes, Brad started to feel Tori's cunt accommodate his girth. Looking down, Brad could see he had half of his dick buried in her and the skin around her cunt stretched white. She was hot and slick and he was having a hard time not pushing the rest of his dick in. He was now three quarters of the way in, enjoying each and every stroke. He looked up to see how Tori was taking it. Her eyes were closed and her breathing was more like panting than a plain breathing.

'I feel so full,' Tori thought to herself. 'What if this doesn't work? What if I have to keep servicing him until we get all the money? He's good, but I want this to be John. I have to suck Brad's dick just to keep the bills paid. I might as well relax for this "appointment". When I get the tape, I won't have to be his little whore any more. Then I'll make him pay for what he's done,' she said to herself. That thought alone was enough to make her relax enough so that Brad could get the last of his dick in her.

Tori was close to cumming anyway, and feeling Brad's pubic bone bumping into her clit was enough to push her over.

"Awwwwww...Unnnnhhhhhh!" Tori gasped out between clenched teeth.

Brad could feel a slight contraction, but he knew she really hadn't gotten off in a big way. He waited for her to come down before he moved her over and laid down on his back. Holding the base of his dick, he shook it at her.

"Climb on, let's go for a ride."

Brad had no clue that this was Tori's favorite new position. She had been trying this position out with her husband John. Only now the dick was bigger and in her mind, it would be the last time she'd have to do it with Brad.

Climbing over him, Tori placed her red and inflamed cunt on the tip of Brad's swaying dick. Gripping the slick, hot meat in her hand, Tori held it steady for her descent. 

"Yeah, get my dick buried in your nice cunt, Brad said, eyes locked on to Tori's hand on his dick.

Tori ignored him, focusing instead on getting settled in on his fleshy pole. Even though she was still wet, Brad's dick had dried somewhat and was sticky from their combined fluids. The head was easy enough, but she had to slide up and down with small rocking motions to coat the rest of his shaft. She fought the urge to sit up straight, still trying to wet his wide shaft.

"Lick your fingers and rub them on your lips. It'll make it slide in easier." Brad advised her.

Tori looked at him to see if this was another joke. Seeing that he was serious, she pulled her hand away from his dick, and stuck her fingers in her mouth. Tasting the juices on her fingers, Tori quickly pulled her vile tasting fingers from her mouth. Lifting off the top of his dick, Tori rubbed her wet fingers over her nether lips. Sliding back down, Tori was able to sink most of Brad's into her hot cunt. 

"Yeah, now, let's do some fucking!" Brad hissed at Tori.

Tori was still so stuck up she had the nerve to looked disgusted...even though most of Brad's dick was buried to the hilt in her leaking cunt.

"Why do you have to be so sick? Just cum so we can finish this." She told him, moving slightly back and forth on his dick.

"Hey, you called me remember?" Brad reminded her.

"Yeah, well..."

"Well what? Isn't this what you called me for? Or did you call me for something else?"

The truth of the matter was that she had been feeling a little horny and anxious since their last session. She got the whole camera idea after she'd called him. She'd seen a talk show on cheating husbands and one of the women had hidden a camera to catch her husband. So maybe she was killing two birds with one stone. It's not like Brad's not getting anything out of this, she thought to herself.

Feeling a building pressure in her lower belly, Tori started to work on cumming. Brad reached up and started to gently squeeze her small tits. Pulling and twisting her nipples gently brought a moan from her. With a evil grin on his face, Brad moved his hand down to her sliding cunt. Placing his thumb against her clit, Brad began to rub it in time to their thrusts. This brought a shudder to Tori's rocking body. Reaching behind her with his other hand, Brad found her anus and started to rub it. Brad was now controlling Tori's movements on his dick.

"Ohhhhh...don't, take your fingers away. I don't like you doing that," she said, trying to push his hand from her ass.

"I like it, so move your hand and ride my dick. Don't make me tell you twice." Brad grunted at her.

Tori placed a hand on both of Brad's wrists, holding on as she spiraled higher and higher.

"Oh...oh...oh." She panted, on the verge of coming.

Brad slid the finger he'd been using to tickle her anus a little lower, brushing against the bottom of her pussy. Getting the tip wet with her juices, Brad moved the finger back up to her anus. With the slickness of the juices on his finger, he was able to slip the tip of it into her ass. Lurching from the invader in her ass forced Tori on Brad's other hand. All the stimulation set Tori off like a bomb.

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" She screamed, twitching and thrashing.

Brad could feel a small trickle of cum run down and over his hip. He had to wait a moment to pull the tip of his finger from her ass. She had clamped down so hard that it'd almost locked his finger in place. Tori slowly fell over on the bed next to Brad, panting and gasping.

"That seemed like a good one. You sure left a wet spot!" 

"Yeah...it was nice. I didn't like you touching me back there. Just don't." She told him breathlessly.

"If you really didn't like it, then why did you cum so hard?" Brad asked her, trying to sound innocent.

Tori looked at him and then down at his dick before answering.

"I think it's just the thrill of it. I mean, you're good 'n all. It's just the fact that you're not...John, you know?" she explained. "I mean, it's not like I have a choice in what you want to do to me. Right?" she said, glaring at him.

"You know, you're a lot easier to talk to after you cum." Brad said to her.

Tori rolled her eyes and turned her head, but her left hand moved over and began touching his sticky, leaking dick. Brad slowly smiled. The answer to Tori's problem was simple: She's just really horny. She needs an erotic thrill to satisfy her inner cravings. 

"Turn over on your stomach and take a break, he told her.

Exhaling a big sigh, Tori rolled over and wiggled into a comfortable position. Brad began by running his fingertips up and down her back, barely brushing the skin. Goosebumps grew and spread over the skin of her arms. Brad scooted closer, placing his dick over the back of her thigh. Running his hands over the firm, taut cheeks made her squirm. Reaching lower, he ran his hand from the inside of her knee all the way up to her sweet spot. As his fingers got closer to the top, Tori slowly opened her legs a little wider. Taking the hint, Brad slipped one, then two fingers into her. Still wet from their fucking, he easily was able to get them all the way in. Keeping a steady rhythm going with his fingers, Brad started to move in for the kill. Nuzzling up against the base of her neck, he planted kiss after kiss on the soft, supple skin. This brought a moan from Tori. Getting up on his knees by her side he now kneeled over her. Grabbing her arms, he held them by the wrists. Working even harder at her pussy with his fingers, Brad now had complete control of her. Bending over her again, he started to kiss her again. Tori was constantly moving now.

"Do you like this?" he asked.

"Yesssssss.... ohhhh...unghhhhhhhh!" she replied, wiggling even more.

"Why don't you cum for me?" he whispered in her ear.

"Ohhhh...ohhhhh...ohhhh!" Is all that she can husk out.

Her feet and toes are start to curl. Brad can feel the tension in her building to its peak. Being held down like she is, Tori felt totally out of control. With a clench of all her muscles, Tori's orgasm catch her completely off guard. Screaming and thrashing are all she can do. She didn't plan on cumming so soon and so hard after Brad began to work on her. Gasping for air, Tori starts to come back down to normal. 

"Yeah, that's what I like to feel. You about ripped my fingers off!" Brad told her.

"Ohhhh Brad! That was ...amazing! You...you..." she stammered.

"Hahahahaha! I know, I know. I wouldn't want you to say anything that might incriminate you later, he said.

"What?" she asked him, turning her head to face him.

"Take care of this first, talk second." Brad told her, sticking his distended dick in her face.

The fingering and the power of it had made him leak precum. Pushing the head of his dick against her lips, Brad saw that she opened her mouth without protest now. From this side position, Brad was only able to get the head in her mouth. A few thrusts, a few licks, and Brad was now ready.

"Alright, now we talk." He said.

"Okay. What are we going to talk about? "

"It was an easy deal. I tried to make it fun for you. Yeah, it was a low thing to do, but you didn't have to agree with it. And now this. It makes me mad. No, it makes me really mad. If this is how it's going to be, fine, he told her, moving behind her.

Feeling a strange sense of dread, Tori looked over and back at Brad. Brad got off the bed and pulled the closet door open. Tori's stomach fell to the center of the earth and what a long fall it was.

"Wait, it's not what..." she tried to explain.

"Shut up Tori, " Brad said in a low voice.

"You want a show, I'll give you a show," he said.

Moving around the bed to his clothes, Brad reached into his pants pocket for the lube he always brought to their appointments. Tori made as if to get off the bed but Brad glared at her and pointed back at the bed. He opened the lube and started to spread it up and down his dick which was at half-mast. Brad was not easily aroused to anger, but he was truly upset now and he truly didn't want to hurt her; but if he didn't remind her of how things really were, then he'd be doomed to go through this again in some other way.

"Now we're going to try something I've wanted to do for a long time. Most likely it's going to hurt you. I didn't do this right away because there were other things I wanted to do with you. This is something special."
