 You were my landlord – you bought the little gardener's house from the previous owner and we've never met. I was really behind in my rent. I was helping my brother get his feet back on the ground after some time in jail and all my money was foolishly going to him. I was already behind 2 months and soon to be 3 and I didn't know what to do. I got the eviction notice and I couldn't let my brother go out on the street – we needed to stay. I decided to go and appeal to you and see if there was any way we could stay – perhaps do some work for you.

I was nervous. Your home was a large and intimidating – it took 20 minutes to walk there and we're on the same property. I knock at the door and a man answered it – a tall man dressed well. 

I said, "Mr. Devonshire, I'm Renee LaFayette from the gardener's house..." 

He put up a hand to interrupt and said, "I'm not Mr. Devonshire. I'm Dobbes, the butler, and I take care of the house. I'll get the Master for you." 

I felt so small, intimidated, and extremely underdressed. I was wearing a little casual sundress with sandals. It had been so hot and I was flushed and a bit glistening from sweat. And now the nervousness was adding to it. Maybe this wasn't such a good idea. I could get a 2nd job.... 

"Stop fidgeting, you can break something." The voice filled the room – deep and smooth. 

I looked up and saw you – dark hair, mustache and the darkest eyes that pierced right through me. You looked me up and down slowly, deliberately so I would notice. I felt undressed. You owned the room as I think you own any room you walk in to. 

"Ms. LaFayette, I presume." You walked over to me and your size overpowered me. Your large hand reached out to shake mine and I clumsily shook it. I felt so small next to you. I nodded – for some reason unable to form words. My reaction to you was immediate, sexual, and took me by surprise. I was determined not to let you have that knowledge although I was always horrible at hiding my emotions. 

"Yes, call me Renee, please." 

"Very well. I imagine you're here about the eviction notice. When can you be out – I have tenants that can move in shortly." 

I was stunned. "Mr. Devonshire, I came to ask you for some time. I need to find some ways to get the cash to you. I will get another job. I need to stay. This house is walking distance to my brother's work and he has no car and he's on parole. I need to know he's okay. This place is perfect." 

"Perfect because it's been free to you. I don't run a charity, Renee. You owe 2 months back rent and my guess is that you don't have this month's either." I nodded in agreement with my head to the floor. "You owe me a lot of money." 

"Can I work it off? Do you need anything done with your business, although I don't know what you do, I'm a quick learner. I can clean, cook." 

Your face was pensive as if ideas were going on in your mind – ideas that I wondered if you would share. Again you looked at me all the way down. Your gaze made my skin flush, my breasts swell, my mouth swallow – so powerful it was. "As you can see I run an immaculate home. I have a butler, cook, and groundskeepers. I am working from here by myself most of the time. What could you possibly do that I would need?" 

I was at a loss and didn't know what to say. And then coming from deep inside me I said, "I can be yours for a night." I couldn't believe I offered such a thing, but desperation does funny things. 

"Mine?" you replied, "for 1 night? How much do you owe me after Tuesday's rent?" 

"$3,000," I replied. 

"Are you a professional call girl, Renee?" 

"Of course NOT!" I yelled. 

"So you've never gotten paid for sex? You're inexperienced?" 

"I've been with a couple of different men, Mr. Devonshire. I know my way around a bedroom. But no, I've never been paid for sex." 

You came over to me and kissed me. Not a tender, get to know you kiss, but an invasion. A message. An 'I'm-definitely-the-one-in-charge' kiss. I couldn't help but respond – not even thinking, just feeling the sensations washing over me. It ended as quickly as it started. 

"Dobbes," he yelled. Immediately the butler stood before you. "How much is an inexperience whore on 14th street run nowadays?" 

Without any judgment on his face, he replied "about $40 a trick, $100 a night." 

"Thank you, Dobbes, that will be all." The butler left. "At that rate, Renee, you owe me 30 days. One month and the debt is cleared. One month anything I ask you to do, you do with no question, no attitude. Is that what you're willing to do, Renee?" 

I was speechless. I knew you didn't expect me to take such a option. I was out of options. I was at a loss. I lifted my head proudly, and said, "I accept your offer, Mr. Devonshire." 

"Dobbes will be by to pick you up at 8:00 tonight with your bags, Renee. Although I will be getting you different clothing, I'm sure. This arrangement will work out nicely, I think.... Yes, quite nicely."

All day my independent nature was berating me for agreeing to such a bargain but at the same time the undeniable excitement was keeping my skin warm. I packed my bags and Dobbes was there at 8:00 as expected. He took my bags and escorted me to the car. I was very nervous. When we got to the main house Dobbes took my bags straight upstairs. I started to follow him but your hand on my shoulder stopped me. 

I wonder if I'll ever get used to the immediate heat his touch provides. 

"Where are you going, Renee?" he asked.

"Upstairs to my room to unpack," I replied looking in to his eyes. 

"Your room?" Then he laughed. A deep genuine laugh that resonates the room. "Renee, I get a month of unlimited YOU. You'll be staying in my room." 

He obviously saw the reaction in my eyes – fear, heat, sexual energy. He leaned in to my face, close enough to kiss, but don't. He whispers, "And I think that you want it just that way." Then the kiss. Thinking that after earlier today I would have been prepared for the onslaught of pure reaction, I realize that I was so wrong. With his kiss, he expressed the want, the heat, the pure control. I cannot help but respond – giving everything – mind and body contradicting – but body is winning. Anything to continue the waves of pleasure. He's so close to me and I feel his hard body against mine – his hard cock pressing against my thigh. 

He breaks the kiss and look in to my eyes that are unable to hide anything I feel. "Oh yes, you want it, too. Follow me." 

I follow to his beautiful home office and he shuts the French doors. Facing me now, he lets his eyes wonder down my body. 

"Remove your clothes, Renee." 

I was obviously going to try to refuse but he put his finger on my lips and tells me, "Your mine this month and you know it. Now remove your clothes." The sundress buttoned up the front and all I had underneath was a thong. I started unbuttoning it – fingers shaking. Feeling more and more exposed with each button, the dress now slipped off, leaving me in my pink satin thong and sandals. I see appreciation and heat in his eyes and he crooks his finger telling me to turn around. I do as beckoned. 

He walked closer to me and touches my thong with his finger, "Renee, tell me why your thong is wet right here." Swallowing hard, I look up – I can't speak. His finger is so lightly touching me and the satiny material against my pussy with his finger rightttttt there – my whole body focused on that one spot. 

"Tell me, Renee." I try to look away from his and his other hand puts it back so my eyes look down. 

"I like what you're doing to me. I can't help but respond. I don't want to." 

"Your reaction, Renee, shows me how much you do want this. Look at me so I can see you enjoy it." 

I look up and with that his fingers keep moving up and down and around that one spot. He knows that he's creating this build, that I have no control over it. He sees me as my body wins every battle against my wits and spasms. His other arm prevents me from falling. I blush in shame at my quick response. He obviously like what just happened because even his eyes changed and more lust appears there. 

"Undo my pants and take me in your hands," he commanded.

Appalled and aroused, I know arguing will do no good – plus I'm dying for it. But I freeze – I don't know why. 

"DO IT!" 

The harsh tone scares me but my lust just went in to another gear. I nervously undo his pants and reach in to his briefs and grasp him. He doesn't suppress the gasp and I feel him large and throbbing in my hand. Now it's my gasp I hear. My hand starts to stroke almost as if it had a mind of its own. I feel his power, his utter control. The drop of precum on the tip that I brush with the pad of my thumb. I'm staring in his eyes seeing them almost change color with need. 

"Suck it!" 

I look down at my hand covering him and feel his hand on my head pushing me down. 

"Suck it, Renee, NOW!" I kissed the head and then licked up the shaft. Kneeling now, his hard cock in my mouth, I know who and what I am. But his words reinforce, "Don't play with it, whore! SUCK it like the slut you are to me!" 

With that he moved it in my mouth and held my head to take him deeper. I start sucking, devouring him. His words have elevated my lust to new levels and that shocks me. I no longer cared – all I wanted was this – his cock in my mouth. I sucked it deep in my hot mouth. I squeezed his balls and then spiraled his cock with my hand as my mouth went up and down the shaft. I am feeling his need. That fine line between me sucking, and him fucking my face is now crossed and I feel the urgency, his hands in my hair pulling it back and forth. All the while hearing him tell me to finish it, to suck him, to be a little whore. Hearing all the words is causing my own build and I find myself starting to cum without any touching at all. His words, his hard, pulsing cock in my mouth, his power and control make me moan in his cock. The vibration starts him to pump my mouth with his cum – spilling down my lips a bit and I shatter in my own orgasm as well. He pulls me up and takes the little cum that dripped on my mouth on his finger and puts it in my mouth to suck and tells me, "It's going to be a very good month, Renee."