 This was normally the day Michael enjoyed most of all on any of his projects. It was close out day which meant he got to finalize the work, see the completed labor of love, collect payment but most importantly leave the job. He hated working in in other people's homes; yes it was necessary as a handyman and contractor, but he just never feels at ease. Working this project was normally the worst because he was renovating the master bath which mean he had to displace the homeowners from their most intimate of locations. While he never felt completely comfortable working at the Richard's house he had come to enjoy the welcome distractions Mrs. Richards had come to provide. She was a nice woman and very easy on the eyes and went out of her way to make him feel comfortable offering drinks and snacks throughout the day, but he had similar treatment before. No what made this different was the first time she had come into the bedroom after her shower in the adjacent bathroom. She had to have know she would be seen because they had just completed the demolition of the wall to relocate the bathroom door. Yeast she had come in wrapped only in her towel, still wet from the shower. He remembered watching her from the corner of his eye as she selected her lingerie for the day, not just common underwear she had selected a matching black and lace set of thong bikinis and bra. She had slid the panties on before removing the towel to put her bra on. He watched her get do this before she returned to the other bathroom to continue getting dressed. Since that day she had gotten more and more comfortable around him.

 She knew that today was her last opportunity; after today she might not ever see him again. She knew he had noticed her that first day that she went into the bedroom and dressed in her sexiest lingerie, she had waited until he had demolished the wall to make sure he had unrestricted vision after all. Since that day Heather had become more in more brazen in her attempt to tease and seduce Michael. She had been extremely friendly and had made sure to wear less and less, someday wearing only her lingerie and robe. She had caught him looking several times, but he had remained professional and never let on that he thought anything of it or that he had even noticed. Today she had pulled out all the stops and was leaving nothing to chance.

 When Michael arrived at the house he noticed a piece of paper attached to the door, as he approached he could see it was a note:

 Michael,

I have left the door unlocked for you. Come on in and do whatever you need to. As always make yourself at home, anything you need in the house is at your disposal.

Thanks,

 H XOXO

 Michael thought the note was a little odd, Mrs. Richards was always home so he was not sure why she would need to leave the door unlocked or what the last sentence meant. He shrugged to himself as he opened the door and entered the house. As he turned to head to the master bedroom he froze. The door to the hall bathroom was open about a foot and from where he had stopped he could see straight into the shower because of the reflection in the mirror. Mrs. Richards was in the shower and seemed oblivious to how exposed she was as she lathered herself. The suds washed over her breasts and down her body. Michael watched as she slid her hands between her legs and began washing herself, he was transfixed and mesmerized watching her hands move up and down her thighs brushing gently across her shaved pussy. He was lost in lustful thoughts as he watched her hand now linger just over her mound and watched as her fingers moved back and forth rubbing her clit. He seemed to snap back to reality as her heard her moan. Suddenly very aware of the fact that if he could see her she could look up and see him Michael turned his head to the ground and walked briskly past the bathroom to the master bedroom.

 Heather smiled to herself as she watched Michael walk briskly past the open door of the bathroom. Her plans were set into motion to finally get what she had wanted since the first time she saw him. Knowing this was the last day of the project she had left the door unlocked with a note on it, but she stayed by the window watching for the truck to pull up. As soon as she saw that Michael had arrived she went straight to the shower and left the door open enough that someone could easily see into the shower via the mirror as they came down the hallway. She had lathered her body and watched waiting for Michael to turn the corner and the instant she had seen him she began lathering and massaging her breasts. She moved her hands down her body to her legs and began to wash herself, she had caught a glimpse of Michael in the mirror and knew he had taken the bait. Knowing he was watching her she slid he hands up her legs gently brushing her pussy lips which sent a shiver up her spine and made her catch her breath. Imagining they were his hands and not her own she began sliding her fingers back and forth over her pussy and began massaging her clit. Lost in her own ecstasy Heather let out a moan and brought herself back to reality. She had not intended to bring herself to climax, but she had gotten lost in her own fantasy. Now she smiled to herself knowing that he had not only seen her, but had watched her get herself off even if he did not know she was thinking of him.

 Michael was tightening the last connectors under the sink and was getting up when Mrs. Richards turned the corner and stood before him using the towel to dry her hair and wearing nothing to cover up her naked body. Because he had been getting up from under the sink his face was right in front of her pussy as she came to a suddenly stop and let out a shocked gasp. He drew in her sweet and musky aroma as he froze. He knew he should move or turn away or look up, do anything really but he could not move as he stared longingly at her swollen lips that he had watched her rub just moments earlier.

 Heather had planned to act surprised as she walked into the bathroom that Michael was working on totally exposed, but she had intentionally left her lotion in there for this purpose. What she had not expected was for him to be kneeling in the door way as she came through and for his head to be so perfectly placed as she almost slammed her pussy into his face, making her surprise genuine. It was all she could do to catch herself, gain her composure and move forward with her plan and not simply grind herself into him and make him lick the moisture that he had created in her. Instead she steadied herself and just said, "Oh! Michael I did not know you were here yet. I just forgot my lotion here in this bathroom." She could not believe he had not moved yet and remained motionless staring straight at her shaved pussy. He was putty in her hands at this point, yet feeling his warm breath on her exposed lips was making her tingle and she could feel herself getting moist again.

 Mrs. Richards voice seemed to shake Michael and he was finally able to break his eyes away from her beautiful pussy and look up at her. "Oh, yes ma'am, I arrived a little while ago. You had left a note so I had just come in and started work. I was just finishing up in here." He said as he stood up in front of her. His eyes began to drop back to her body as he stood.

 "Oh I guess I must have not heard you over the shower", she said. She stood looking at him and smiled seeing him looking up and down her body. "You have done a beautiful job in here." They stood in silence for another few seconds. "Well why don't you just finish up in here while I get my lotion," She said as she pressed past him since he had not made any effort to move out of her way. She grabbed the lotion and began rubbing some into her skin massaging it thoroughly into her breasts as she faced Michael and then lifting one foot up onto the edge of the tub she turned away from him, bent over and began rubbing lotion into her leg. With her ass thrust out she could feel him eyeing her. As she finished rubbing the lotion in she turned back to him and noticed the rise in his pants. "Sorry to have interrupted you. I will get out of your way now" she said as she pressed past him again and grabbed the shortest robe she owned and had left hanging on the back of the door. 

 It wasn't long before Michael had wandered into the kitchen where Heather was sat at the counter enjoying her morning coffee and puzzle. As he entered he noticed that she was still wearing only the robe she had put on early and it had risen to barely cover he pussy and had fallen slightly open to partially expose her breasts. "Mrs. Richards, I am sorry to disturb you, but everything is all wrapped up in the master bath and now I just need to settle the final bill and I can be out of your way."

 "Oh, would you like to sit down for a coffee before you go?"

 "No ma'am, I appreciate it but I am good."

 "Well alright then, John left a check here for the balance." She said as she slid off the stool making certain the action pulled the robe up. She walked over to her purse she had sat on the floor and bent over to retrieve the check. She turned and handed it to him with a smile. "I guess that should settle things then." She said and turned to walk away.

 Michael took the check and felt his heart drop as he noticed the amount. "Excuse me, Mrs. Richards. This check is for the amount that we discussed at the beginning of the project."

 "Yes, is that not right?" She smiled to herself thinking her plan was working perfectly.

 "Well, it is just that you did make several changes and upgrades throughout the remodel and that initial price did not include those changes."

 "Oh, I am terribly sorry; I must have forgot to mention that to John. I thought he had worked everything out with you."

 "That's alright. I can talk to him and discuss the remaining balance."

 "No, wait! He was already a little upset at how much this was going to cost because of some of the things I wanted. I couldn't explain to him how I made more changes that caused the price to go up." She said as she walked toward Michael.

 "I am sorry for that, but I couldn't possibly cover the cost of those upgrades on my own"

 "Surely, there is something that we can work out; a payment plan of sorts that I can make payment without John knowing?" 

 "Well I suppose I can work up a bill and work directly with you on this"

 "I was kind of hoping that we could come up with an alternate payment system. One that does not involve money" She said as she pressed her body into his and let her hand cradle his crotch.

 Michael swallowed hard, he felt he was living a porno and he was not sure it was real, "What did you have in mind?"

 "Well, I have noticed you watching me all morning, including while I was in the shower." Michael looked horrified. "Don't worry, I had hopped you would see me. As I said in my note 'Anything in the house is at your disposal.' Have you seen anything today you like the look of?" And with that she dropped to her knees in front of Michael and began to free the hard erection that she had been stroking and caressing through his jeans. As she unfastened his belt and unzipped his pants his cock sprang out pointing straight at her. She giggled, looked up at him and said, "Someone is a naughty boy, not wearing any underwear" then she leaned forward and began to lick the tip of his cock as she pushed his pants to his ankles.

 Michael moaned at the sensation of her tongue against the soft skin on the underside of his cock. He had been imagining this since the first day he saw her, but even more so today as she had teased him relentlessly as he now understood. She flicked her tounge along the underside of his shaft as she lifted his cock up and worked her way down and began licking and sucking his balls. She was a master at this he could tell as she moved her way back to the tip of his cock. That was it he could not take any more. He reached out and grabbed her head and began pressing her down on him. He felt her lips wrap around his shaft as the tip of his cock enter her mouth. She began moving up and down his shaft licking and sucking taking more and more into her mouth each time. As Michael felt the tip of his cock against the back of her through he closed his eyes and groaned in satisfaction as she continued to press into him and take him deep into her throat. Once he felt her pressed against his abdomen and knew she had taken him all the way in he began to buck his hips and fuck her throat. He had not felt this good in a long time. As he fucked her mouth and throat she slid her tongue back and forth under his shaft and teased and massaged his balls with her fingers. 

 "I am going to cum!" he moaned.

 With that Heather drew back slightly and held him so the tip of his cock was just in her throat and begin stroking him with her hand. She felt him tense and felt the first spirt hit the back of her throat and begin to trickle down. She moaned and continued sucking and stroking. As she felt his spasms subside she moved back down his shaft once again taking him deep in her through and milked the last drops from him as she slid him out of her mouth. As she looked up at him she smiled, wiped her mouth and asked, "How is that for payment?"

 "Well it is a good start," he said, "but those were some expensive upgrades." He smiled as she stood before him and he took her in his arms, lifted her up and carried her to the counter. He sat her on the edge of the counter, pushed open her robe and began to suck her nipples and massage her breasts. "Now let me see what the rest of this is worth" and with that he pulled her to the edge and placed his still hard cock right at the entrance of her pussy. He pushed deep into her as he kissed her neck. He began thrusting slowly in and out pushing deeper with each thrusts. Their breathing was in faster and deeper, but perfectly in sync. She was pushing back against him as she rocked her hips she met him with each thrust. She was in ecstasy feeling his hard cock feeling her pussy and rubbing against her swollen clit with each stroke. She felt the pressure building inside her, she wrapped her legs around him pulling him hard against her. Place her hands behind her and leaned back. As she did this Michael leaned in and began sucking on her nipples and massaging her breasts as he continued fucking her. Then suddenly he began to gently nibble on one nipple as her lightly pinched the other. This final sensation sent Heather over the edge and she tossed her head back and just cried out, "Oh god, yes! Keep doing that. Fuck me, fuck me, I'm cumming! Yes! Yes! Yes!"

 As Heather slumped back from pure joy Michael pulled her up saying, "We aren't done yet, sweetheart". He pulled her off the counter and bent her over the kitchen table. "You may want to hold on" he said as he pushed her down and pulled up behind her, she moaned as she felt the tip of his cock pressed against her ass. She felt the pressure as Michael began to push his hard cock into her, she felt his head push into her as as he moved slowly, but deliberately. It felt so good feeling herself stretch as he pushed deeper into her ass, Heather was lost in the feeling before she suddenly felt his balls rest against her pussy. 

 "That is good Mrs. Richards, now just relax." With that he began to withdraw and then thrust back into her. She thought it was so sweet how gentle he was trying to be thinking he was concerned it was her first anal experience and he did not want to hurt her. She decided to give him some gentle persuasion, the next time that he withdrew, she pushed hard back against him and then rocked back toward the table. He was so surprised he just froze not quite know what to do and she began moving back and forth fucking herself with his cock. 

 "Yeah baby, that feels so good, but since you told me to hold on you may want to use your hands to help me out."

 That seemed to revitalize Michael and he began matching her thrusts and then wrapped one arm around her to begin massaging her clit and pussy stroking back and forth just like she had done to herself earlier that morning. She responded to this new stimulation by pushing harder back against his cock. As she pushed harder back into him he increased the tempo of rubbing her clit. Their breathing was deep and hard not, their bodies covered in sweat. As she continued to use his cock to fuck her own ass Michael rubbed and stroked her clit. Then Michael slid his fingers between her legs and into her pussy, he began curling his fingers forward fucking her pussy, stroking her g spot and massaging her clit with his thumb. As he did this Heather began to tense up and slow her motion. Sensing that she was getting close Michael began to buck his hips and continued to fuck her ass. Pushing hard and deep his balls slapped against her pussy while he finger fucked her. Heather grabbed hold of the table and went up on her toes as yet another wave of orgasm pulsed through her. As her muscles tightened around Michaels cock he could hold on no longer and pushed once more deep inside her ass as his balls tightened pumping his sperm into her. As he did this he continued to fuck her pussy with his fingers. Then they both collapse in pure exhaustion. 

 Heather laid flat on the table as Michael laid on top of her. His cock was still deep in her ass and his fingers in her pussy. He gently kissed her neck and whispered. As his cock deflated he withdrew himself and flopped gently into the chair. Heather rolled over onto her back, still lying on the table her legs hung over the edge spread apart. Michael looked up and saw her beautiful pussy staring back at him and suddenly he caught his second wind. He leaned forward spread her legs slightly and begin licking her pussy. After having cum three times this morning Heather was nice and wet and she tasted as sweet as he had imaged. He slid his tongue up and down her lips and pushed it into her lapping up her juices. She moaned and grabbed his head by the hair her legs were now draped over his shoulders and she pulled his face deeper into her pussy. "Yes, eat me baby. Lick those sweet juices." Needing no further encouragement Michael continued his work he spread her lips with his fingers so he could get deeper into her pussy and occasionally he would trace his tongue over her clit and suck it gently into his mouth. As Michael turned his attention a little more to her clit he slid two fingers into her and began stroking and sliding in and out. She was wet again and occasionally he would withdraw his hand and let his tongue drink her sweet nectar. With his other hand he reached up and began massaging her breast and pinching her nipple. She let out a moan and then he slid his little finger into her ass and two fingers into her pussy. His tongue and mouth were focused on her clit while he pinched her nipple with one hand and fucked her pussy and ass with the other. He altered his pace but always kept everything in sync.

 Heather was once again in ecstasy as he would build her up and then take her back down. She had drawn her feet up onto the table opening herself wider for him so he could get deeper. Again she had her hand on the back of his head and pulled him in close to her. This time he increased his pace without slowing. He breathing got deeper and his pace increased again this time taking her to the edge as her toes began to curl he maintained his pace, licking her clit and fucking her ass and pussy with his fingers. This time she whimpered as she felt her muscles tighten. As her orgasm subsided she tensed as her tongue touched her clit again, this last wave had left her very sensitive. Sensing this Michael pulled back and said, "Well that is quite the payment plan, now we just need to figure out how many installments." They both laughed.