 It funny how things in your life changes it so quickly and so certain. One day something happens to make you sad or mad. Then things get even worst and you begin to think they can't get any more terrible. Then they do and you begin to think that there's nothing left for you here on earth but sadness. There may even come a time when you might start to think about ending it all.

Then something else happens and it's so good so wonderful so damn enjoyable that you begin to live again. What if that sort of thing would happen to you? Let's say you saw the love of your life leave you. No, I mean die and when she did, it destroyed everything in your life that made you happy. It just slipped away and then it was gone and you could do nothing to stop it. Then just as suddenly something happened to you that got you out of it and were OK. You were better than OK. You were as good or better than you have ever been.

Say it was another human who helped you recover, helped you get pass the sadness, the illness the death. What price would you be willing to pay for that turn around? If it was another person who helped you get pass death and turned you around and walked you away from the bright light that you had stepped towards, what would you do to repay that person? Anything? Would you be that willing? Willing to do anything for that other person, any thing?

Keep this question in your mind as you read this almost true story. True in the fact that it happened, true in the fact that the reward was actually paid, only the sex was enhanced for the pleasure of the reader. My friend Bud told me this story about a year after it all happened and was completely over.

It started out with Bud's life changing drastically in the 7 months since January. That's when his loving wife of 12 years and the only woman he ever really ever loved had passed away suddenly with a fatal heart attack in March. She was very well liked and had a huge number of visitors at her funeral. To Bud it was the hardest 3 days of his life. He was crying almost all the time until he was completely cried out. His daughter was that way too but she had her husband and kids for support who helped her a great deal. 

Now after the funeral Bud had to go back to that big empty house and try and get his life back to some sort of togetherness. But nothing worked. Then as the months went by, the summer came and he began to go to the neighborhood pool most every day. That was something his wife and he did during the summer months. They both loved to sit in the sun and enjoy the pool then go home fix dinner and if they felt like it, make love anywhere they pleased. Now that the kids were gone their sex life had increased greatly over the past two years. They experimented in every room like they were honeymooners again. Then she passed away and he was alone. He was more alone than at any other time in his life and major depression set in. 

He was now 46 and his wife was 43 and still very much in love when she died. So when she passed away Bud became extremely depressed and it got worst as the weeks went pass. Everyone knew it and everyone tried to help. But he just missed his wife, lover, best friend and companion. Now that summer was here, the pool helped and hurt him. It helped because he was out with other people instead of sitting home alone. But it also reminded him of what they use to do together. It was sort of a Catch 22 for him.

It was turning out to be one of the hottest summers on record that year. And the day that changed Bud's life was no different. It was another very hot afternoon. The local schools had already started, almost two weeks before Labor Day this year. Most of the kids had already gone back and as he sat by the Swim Club pool 's deep end baking in the sun he began to read his book and was glad for the peace and quiet.

There were maybe 10 other people at the pool and only three guards. It was so blasted hot that they took only 30-minute shifts on the stand. Then they would go into the office to get a drink and cool down. 

As he was debating on eating his lunch, Alyssa and Stan came in. Bud loved to watch her walk towards him or away from him. Well for that matter, he loved to watch her period. She was a woman who could and did turn heads no matter where she was or what she had on. But when she was as the pool she was dressed with less clothing on than any other time, except maybe in the bedroom. She reminded him of his wife when she was 25.

Today, Alyssa had that deep color red bikini on that pushed her breasts up and together forming a deep cleavage. The bottoms were so small they hardly covered her vagina and ass cheeks. Her ass was the type you could hold in both hands as you lifted her up and down on your cock, if you know what I mean. She looked spectacular as usual with her hair in a ponytail and a big smile on her face as she waved to Bud before taking a seat at the deep end of the pool too.

Now Alyssa was without a doubt a beauty with firm breasts that looked like they were fake. You know the type of breasts that only your local plastic surgeon could provide to a thin woman like her, but they weren't. According to her husband they were real. Her stomach and hips were flat and built for a bikini, Her stomach was completely flat and her ass, well, it made ever man drool with envy to be her husband. He was a very lucky man to have this magnificent woman sleeping in his bed. She stood about 5'4" and was thin but sexy. She was tan like she had been to the Caribbean for the two months she had sat at the pool. She had light brown hair and brown eyes, and a very nice smile, which she seemed to have most of the time. She also had her tongue pierced with a spike and a small tattoo on her back. Yes, Alyssa was erotic and sexy and when she talked to you she would say things that could be taken with a double meaning. Bud seemed to think she worked on doing that and it was very provocative. When she talked to you she looked you right in the eyes and liked men who did the same.

Her husband Stan was a very nice guy whom always waved and said hello too. He was the kind of man who would stop and talk and kid around with everyone. He was very athletic and tanned very well too. They made a great looking couple. And they were always together along with their two kids. But the kids weren't with them today. You could tell they were deeply in love with each other. 

Stan and Alyssa came over and sat with Bud a few minutes and chatted about how he was getting along and told him he should go out to dinner with them one night. Alyssa laughed as she told him that he and Stan could get drunk as hell and she could drive both of them home. Bud laughed and said that maybe he would take both of them up on it one day if Stan would let him dance with her a few times. And she said, "Only if they're slow numbers Bud. I like a man to hold me."

And with that she laughed and walked away. Bud watched her until she sat down. She saw Bud and Stan watching and she laughed and said, "Men! OK you two look some place else!"

She smiled and said yelling over at us, "I would like dinner with you two."

Bud told Stan to let him know where and when. Stan told Bud that he would get back to him this weekend. Today was Friday and Bud knew they both would be at the pool over the weekend with their kids. He said he would look forward to it. Stan stood up and patted Bud on the shoulder and then he too went to their seats and he started talking to his wife. 

Later that day Stan began to use the diving board. He was very good and played along with the older guards doing two and a halves and back flips. 

When the guards went back into the guardhouse, Stan continued to dive. The day grew even warmer and I decided to take a dip to cool off. As I stood I saw Stan bounce high up on the board. When he came down his foot slip and he fell backwards. As he did, his head hit the board and he plunged into the pool. 

The sound of Stan's head hitting the diving board made a loud thud and when he came up he was face down in the water. Bud told me he didn't know where the guards were but he ran and dove in. Being in the Navy and as a SEAL for six years he have a great deal of experience in the water. He came up under Stan and rolled him over. He wasn't breathing. Bud swan to the side of the pool pulling Stan with him holding his head out of the water.

The guard on duty wasn't there. So Bud started mouth to mouth again by the side of the pool as Stan's wife and others started to scream for the guards. Finally, they lowered the stretcher into the water and pulled Stan out. 

His wife was hysterical and as Bud administered mouth to mouth now on the pool deck to his friend the guards called the paramedics. They all heard the ambulance coming. The oldest guard who was a female relieved Bud and continued mouth to mouth until the paramedics pulled up in front of the pool. They worked on him for a few minutes and then took him to the hospital. Alyssa asked Bud to drive her there as she was putting on her blouse and shorts. I volunteer to drive both of them to the hospital with Alyssa crying hard telling us he was dead she knew it. 

Turns out he was OK, but had brokered his arm in two places and had a serious concussion. He looked really uncomfortable laying there in the emergency room after they stabilized him. That night they operated and had to put two pins in his elbow. His head was bandaged too and he had a serious grade 2 concussion. They had him awake for twelve hours and when we arrived the next day but he looked like he was in serious pain.

I helped his wife get him sat up in the bed with his arm set in traction. We chatted a while and then Bud left for home. Later on he realized that he had most likely saved Stan's life, by giving him CPR in the water and on deck. He had actually brought Stan back to life again in the pool.

That night around 9 PM the phone rang and it was Alyssa calling to thank Bud. They talked for a few minutes and she must have thanked him twenty times. Finally he told her that Stan would have done the same thing for him. 

She said she would always be grateful to him for saving her husband and they both had talked and wanted to show their gratitude. Bud told her it wasn't necessary for them to do anything and that he would come see Stan again in the morning. Bud told her to get some rest and he would be talking to her later on and, if she needed anything to let him know. She thanked him again and told him she would see him at the hospital tomorrow sometime. Then they said goodnight.

Bud told me that as he lay in his bed that night he was thinking about what had happened today and then finally he fell asleep. He said, "It was then that he had a very nice and extremely erotic dream." 

It began with him being at the pool but it was very late at night. He was all-alone and then he saw a red bikini floating in the pool. As he looked he saw Alyssa climbing out of the pool completely nude. Her pussy was completely shaved. The post in her tongue was shinning in the moonlight. Her breasts were full and sat high up on her chest. And her nipples were hard, red and sticking out long. As he sat in the pool chair, she bent over him and whispered, "I'm going to repay you for what you did for my husband now Bud. Stan told me to give you anything you wanted tonight Bud. I know you haven't had a woman in months. And he told me to make sure you enjoyed yourself tonight."

In his dream she took his hand and they walked into the clubhouse with her still completely nude. Bud said he watched her small round ass wiggle as she walked in front of him. When they got into the clubhouse it turned out to be his own bedroom. Alyssa pulled him to the bed and pushed him back. As he lay there looking at her young, beautiful and wonderfully shaped nude body, she moved up over him and took his cock lovingly in her hands. She used her mouth and her post in her tongue to bring him to a full erection. It took maybe 30 seconds, if that, to make him as hard as he got. Since his cock was well on his way to being hard already from seeing her climb out of the pool naked the remainder of his erection took seconds. She didn't just suck his cock she made love to it. For over twenty-five minutes she brought him to the edge of an orgasm three different times before letting him cum. 

As he moaned, Alyssa smiled as she held his cock in her mouth and they both felt the first of many shots of cum pump out the cock head and into her mouth and down her throat. She swallowed everyone of them as she continued to pump the shaft with her one hand and sucked the cock head used her fingers on the other hand to milk his balls dry of cum. She popped her head up off of his dick and smiled as she licked her lips. Then she cleaned his dick completely and sucked on it making it hard again. As she did Bud told me he rolled her over and moved between her lovely tan legs.

As they held each other they began to make soft gentle love touching and playing with each other's body. Bud really enjoyed exploring her young perfect body with his hands and lips and tongue. She moaned a few times when he inserted two fingers deep into her pussy for the first time. Then he looked up and she rolled him back over so he was on his back again. He kissed her and told her, "I had to taste your pussy and she smiled and told me to help myself."

As she began to move up my chest, she left a wet trail on his stomach and chest as she moved her sweetness up his body towards his mouth. She smiled down at him just before she straddled his face. She smiled again at him and said, "Here's your dinner baby!"

And with that she slowly lowered her pussy over his watering mouth. When he shot his tongue deep inside her she cried out and began to rock and pump her pussy on his mouth as she used his face like a cock. Bud told me he fucking loved it having her sit on his face. She pushed down hard and he took all of her slit into his mouth sucking and humming on it! She cried out again and began to cum. 

Bid said he tasted her juices as her body released them and they began to leak out how hole! He sucked and licked her love tunnel deeper and faster. She was pumping faster now and he knew another of her orgasms had taken control of her body. She thrust and screamed as she peaked with a second orgasm. 

She held his head with both hands and pulled his face tighter into her cunt. He tried to take a breath but she was holding his head so tightly between her legs fucking it and crying out with delight from his snake of a tongue he couldn't breathe.

With some resistance he was able to roll her over so she was on her back now. He moved into her open thighs and again began to eat her pussy. Alyssa was they type of woman that every man would love to have a chance of her pussy juice running down his face. It was like a drug to Bud now. After months without a woman the odor and musky smell of her womanhood filled his senses. He was like a machine as his mouth continued sucking on her clit and he push three fingers deep into her removing more of her sex juice. His tongue was everywhere licking and probing and filling her with one climax after the other. It was good for Bud, his cock was super hard. But it was magnificent for her. 

She pushed up instantly whenever his lips touched her clit. He could fell it throbbing and pulsing with her lust and desire. She held his head and squeezed her thighs tightly around his ears and told him over and over again to suck her, just suck her. Bud removed his fingers from her hole and used them to spread her pussy lips wide. Then he used his mouth and went back on her clit. It felt like a little hard cock now!

Once he had licked her into one last fantastic orgasm with her pumping her cum all over his face, she had him roll over on his back. Then she slid down his shoulders and stomach and positioned her wet shaved pussy over his hard throbbing cock. As she took it in her hand and felt it's heat and the pulse of it as she slowly slid her pussy down on his hard cock. Bud moaned so loudly that he woke up as he was cumming and had a wet dream.

When Bud woke up his boxers were covered with his cum as his cock spewed shot after shot up into the air. His hands and bed were also getting wet. He held his cock feeling the last of his orgasm. He stroked it furiously as he tried to continue the feeling. 

As he was about to get up the telephone rang and he realized it was around 9 AM. He had really slept in today. When he answered the phone it was Steve.

He said he wanted to thank Bud again for saving his life. He wanted to do something for Bud to repay him. Stan again told him he knew Bud hadn't been with a woman in months. He said, "Look Bud, don't talk just listen please. We don't have very much money or a lot of things we could give you. So I can't buy you a car or anything like that. So tonight I will be in the hospital resting. And Alyssa will be at your house at 7 PM. She will be staying the night! I want this and she does too. Please don't say no to me. We both want to give you something and this is the most we have. Please don't turn down this offer Bud. Please!"

Bud told me, "What could I say? I mean after that dream I just had and with the feeling of my cum still sticky on my thighs and stomach, I told Stan OK! Bud said I told him, "If that's what you both want Steve. I'll have dinner ready and then we'll see what happens. But I'm not telling you I will make love to your wife. We may just come and visit you."

Stan told Bud Alyssa wanted to spend the night in his bed having sex with him. It was what they both wanted. Again Bud told him he would see.

So Bud showered cleaned the house and then showered again. He decided to stay home and cooked a nice meal for the two of them. Then he waited it was 6:30 PM and he felt both sexually excited and very nervous. 

Bud said, "My cock was somewhat hard all day and I remembered the dream I have that morning before Steve called. I wondered about things, like did she really did shave her pussy? Or, would she suck my cock and let me cum in her mouth if I wanted? Was I going to fuck her tonight? Would I please her? Would I cum to fast? Oh well, another half an hour and I might know for sure. The timer went of and I got up and took the roast out of the oven just then the front door bell rang."

He smiled and said, "I yelled, Just come on in."

When Alyssa came into the front door she was dressed in a tight red dress that was mid thigh high and scooped deep around her shoulders. She looked fantastic! She smiled as she walked into the kitchen in 4inch heels. She said, "You cooked! I was going to take us out tonight Bud."

Bud told me he smiled back at her and said, "Nope, it's almost ready."

Bud said, "She took my hand and walked me into the living room. And she kissed me hard shoving that spike tongue into my mouth! When we broke the embrace she smiled and told me to sit down. Then she bent her hand behind her neck and I heard the zipper being undone. My cock sprang to life and got even harder after the kiss. I watched as she unfasten the zipper and let the dress drop to the floor."

I asked him, "Then what. Come on tell me quicker did you fuck her?"

He laughed and said, "As the dress dropped to the floor, Alyssa had nothing on under it. And, yes, she does shave her pussy. Then she said, "Dinner is going to be a little late Bud. I was told to fuck you as soon as I got here so you couldn't change your mind. She held out her hand and I took it like I was in a trance as she asked me which way to the bedroom. I just pointed with my other hand and we walked arm in arm into my bedroom."

Bud smiled and said, "So here I was with this beautiful nude woman. The reward was about to be given to me for saving her husband's live in my bed today."
