 I have been backpacking for years and nothing like this has ever happened to me. A bad storm and a little luck led to one of the greatest nights of sex in my life.

I was in the Blue Ridge of Virginia hiking on a ridge when I first saw her. Slender and tall she wore a baseball cap over short brown hair. I could see little more of her since she was wearing a pack and was moving quickly. 

About an hour after I fist glanced her I stumbled upon her. She was taking a break by a little creek at the head of a gully. One of the things I like about solo hiking is the mixture of solitude and friendliness when you meet someone. I hadn't talked to someone in a few days so I was a bolder than I might have normally been.

"Hi" I offered.

"Hi yourself," she said.

Soon I learned she was just back from the Peace Corp and before she headed to graduate school in New York, she thought she would take a few days hiking the Blue Ridge Mountains. I did notice she was quite striking. Her short brown hair set off her deep green eyes and radiant smile. Under a grubby t-shirt, I saw she had small, firm breasts and a flat stomach. I think she saw me checking her out and gave me a quick sly smile. 

"Well, maybe I will see you up the trail," she said as she threw on her pack.

As she walked off, I noticed I didn't know her name.

"I didn't catch your name, "I yelled as she walked off.

"That's right," she said over her shoulder as she walked off.

The rest of the day was taken up with the joys of solo hiking, beautiful vistas. The Blue Ridge Mountains of Virginia are an earthly joy. Big sweeping vistas of rolling hills that look off to forever. It was a great day of hiking. Occasionally, I would see the Peace Corp girl on a ridge in front of me or down in a valley as I topped a ridge. It became a little game to catch a glimpse of "Peace." I took to calling her Peace since I didn't know her name. 

All good things end and so the great day was ending. Two more days and I would come off the trail. As I gazed at the sunset I saw her, Peace. She was camping on a little bald above me. I like to camp in the trees and apparently Peace wanted the view. I notice the deep red sky to the west and I thought we might have a little storm that night. I made sure my tent was doubly secure. Late evening thunderstorms can be dangerous on a mountaintop. 

I heard the first rumble of thunder as I was finishing a meal of freeze-dried stroganoff. I had a feeling things were going to get bad tonight. Not for the first time I thought of Peace and I hoped she would be OK. I wanted to go talk to her and warn her that a bald is a tough place to camp in a storm. But, you got to respect people's privacy when camping. 

From a deep sleep, I was called to consciousness by a bright light and immediate boom of thunder. This is a bad sign; the storm was right on top of me. The wind was gusting to at least 35 or 40 miles an hour. Not for the first time I was glad I had secure everything. I was also worried about Peace. 

Between the booms of thunder and the blinding light, there is a momentary clam. That was when I first heard the call.

"Hey!"

I poked my head out and saw the dancing light of a flashlight. Then there was another bolt of light and crash. I jumped out of the tent as fast as I could; it was dangerous to be out in this storm. After a few intense moments, I found Peace shivering under a tree with a quickly fading flashlight. She was a mess. I grabbed her and we cut a trail to my tent. 

Soaking wet I got her into my tent. I soon learned her story. Her tent, a cheap warehouse store tent, ripped in the storm. After that things went from bad to "oh hell" bad. The tent shredded in the wind, all her stuff was either blown away or soaked. Lightening was popping all around. In desperation, she took off for my tent. 

As she talked, I was digging through my pack. I grabbed a t-shirt out of my gear and told her to get out of her wet clothes. I also handed her a towel to dry off. She turned her back to me and the wet clothes came off. I threw them in the vestibule of the tent. I tried not to stare but the tent was small. My flashlight cast strange shadows inside the tent and I saw the light shine off the water droplets on her back. When she dried off, she asked me to dry her back. I gently rubbed her back with the little towel. Damn, she was fine. When I stopped, she threw on my t-shirt. I could tell that Peace was a little better when she threw me a little smile. Despite the smile, I could see she was still quite cold. Into the sleeping bag Peace went. A backpacker might bring an extra shirt, maybe a spare pair of shorts, nobody bring an extra sleeping bag. Now it was my turn to get out of the wet clothes. I'm no stud, but the hiking had made me lean. I felt Peace's eyes on me as I toweled off and dug out another shirt. Suddenly, that tent became its own little world. There might be a storm, there might be lightening and rain; in this tent world things were warm and dry.

"Come in here with me" Peace said.

I slipped in. We quickly slipped into the spooning position, me at her back, my groin to her but and my arms wrapped around her. From there nature took its course. 

I slipped my hands under the shirt and gently brushed her breasts. I felt her nipples instantly harden: not from the cold, this time; but from the warmth. She wiggled her butt a little against my growing manhood and let out a soft moan. Things moved quickly from there. I massaged her breast as I slipped one hand down her hard stomach to brush against the top of her soft pubic hair. It was wisp softness and made my dick become oh so much harder. 

Peace parted her legs, as best she could. I easily slipped a finger insider her waiting hole. I gently fucked her with my finger. In and out I went, with time to rub her clit with her own juices. I have an oversized sleeping bag but it couldn't hold Peace, me, and my oversized hard-on. Down came the long zipper and we had much more room. By now, the tent had warmed up from our exertions. With striking agility, Peace climbed on top of me and deep throated my dick in one smooth motion. Peace knew how to suck cock and went at it as if it was the most natural thing in the world to do. 

"I can't hold out much longer," I said between gritted teeth. 

"Let me have it" she said in a low growl.

She pumped me hard while licking the head of my cock. She felt me tense and clapped her lips of the top of my dick. The cum blasted out of me and I saw stars over the roof of that tent as spurt after spurt came out. Peace drank down every drop. After I came down a little, I felt Peace began to pump me hard. My dick spring back to life. 

"Be still," is all she said as she climbed onto me. I felt her thighs against my legs and they were slick with her own juices. She could not sit straight up but rather she lay on my chest and slid down until I was deep inside her. 

"Oh shit, I need this," was all she said.

With that, off she went with a vigorous fuck. Between her sliding and my thrusting, we had quite a rhythm going. I have had sex a couple of times in a tent but nothing like this. 

Since I had already come once, I was up for some serious fucking. With little warning Peace tensed up and I felt her squeeze me hard. 

"Oh shit I'm cumming!!!" she screamed. 

As she tensed and she pounded the ground with her fist as she milked that first big orgasm. 

"Shit, oh shit, fuck yea" she called out in quick succession. 

With that, we went back to fucking. I know she came two more times before I blasted her cunt. We couldn't switch position with so little room to work in, but her on top and me on bottom worked fine. 

Finally, we drifted off the sleep. She lay on my chest and I lay on my sleeping pad with the sleeping bag draped over us. 

The morning broke clear and blue. The storm was a long forgotten memory. We were both spent from the night; but with a little effort, we had a fine morning fuck. This time we went doggy style. Just like the night before when she came, Peace came hard: a deep shudder with her pounding the ground with her fist. 

"Fuck me, fuck me!" she screamed as she came in the morning. 

As I tensed up, she reached back and played with my balls as I shot a big load deep into her pussy. She milked me and that was a first for me.

The rest of the morning was just the chores of camping. Heating water, eating. We eventually went up to the bald and tried to gather her stuff. The tent was trash and the sleeping bag a giant wet sponge. With a little effort, we had her in shape to walk out. We walked together in the glow of the morning and our own personal glow. 

All trips end. We came on to the trail that took Peace to a much-needed exit and my trail went on for a few more days. I was so tempted to walk out with her. She went her way and I went mine.

As we parted, I suddenly remember as she walked off, "I still don't know your name," I yelled.

"No you don't," I heard as she turned a bend in the trail and dropped out of sight.