 The weather was perfect for the Big Dog's Brewery Beer Festival. It was the middle of April in Las Vegas, with the warm weather of spring in full effect. The tables had been set up in the parking lot, with the beer tents ready to serve us the nectar that we craved.

We showed up early, just before 2 o'clock, as the band was completing their sound checks on stage. I had heard them before, and loved their rich tones and variety. It didn't hurt that the lead singer sounded just like Dolores O'Riordan of the Cranberries. Her raspy voice and tone always seemed to hit me at my core.

My friend Brad and I stood in the short line for the glasses and tickets, checking out the crowd that was slowly filing in. Brad was just a bit shorter than I around 6'1", muscular with short blonde hair. He had a date that was supposed to be meeting him around 4 o'clock, when she got off of work. She had offered to bring a friend for me. I had politely declined, knowing she was the only fox in her pack of friends.

After getting our beer glasses, we found a high-top table to stake our claim at. It was directly across from the stage. Great for watching people dance, but far enough away to have a conversation. We combed through the list of beers, discussing the different types and choosing what to try first.

Brad loved the hoppy beers, the hoppier the better. I shook my head making a puckered lemon face as he decided on an Imperial Pale Ale. I chose my favorite of the breweries, the Red Hydrant Red Ale. Grabbing our glasses, we took the short walk to the beer taps.

I was pulling some cash from my wallet to tip with, when I heard the laughter. There was something different about it. Something about it made me turn to see where it was coming from. Through the crowd, I couldn't find the source. As I scanned the band started playing, drowning out that sweet sound.

The laughter moved to the back of my mind as Brad and I walked back to our table. As the day progressed the sun seemed to grow fierce, and the beers went down easier than normal. Each of us sampled plenty of each tasty brew. The crowd started to build, as did my buzz. By the time Brad's date Melissa arrived with two friends, I was feeling pretty comfortable.

As suspected, her friends although flirty and willing were nowhere near my taste. I would have to get a whole lot more beer in me before considering one of them. I thought. Melissa was ready to catch up and produced a flask from her light brown coach purse. Luckily it was Vodka, so it was easy for me to turn down. If she would have brought tequila, I'm sure I would have brought both of her friends home.

As they started taking turns from the flask, I took a trip back to the taps. The band had taken a break and a radio station played quietly over the speakers. The lines were long now; having to wait nearly ten minutes each time. As I stepped into the shortest line I could find, I heard the laughter from earlier directly behind me. Almost whipping around, the hair on my neck rose up.

My quick movement caught both of their attention as they stopped laughing and looked at me. Her friend shorter, about 5'2" with brown hair and curves, was obviously annoyed as she looked me up and down. The other, the one I had heard, was taller perhaps about 5'7" She had blonde hair, a fit body and her piercing blue eyes were looking straight into mine.

Feeling no shame I began, "I've been looking for you all night." Immediately, I knew it sounded like a cheesy pick-up line.

Her friend laughed, "You're drunk!" They both giggled, yet the blonde held eye contact with me.

"I'm sorry," I stammered. "What I meant to say is I heard your laughing earlier, and I had to see where that beautiful sound was coming from." Again, I knew it sounded like another stupid pick-up line.

The blonde stopped giggling with a quizzical look on her face. Her friend exploded in laughter, dropping her head into her friend's shoulder. I shrugged and turned around in line. Fuck! She's hot as fuck! I thought.

Working my way slowly up the line, I could feel their eyes on the back of me. The two were no longer laughing, and instead spoke quietly in hushed voices. So I'm the creep. I thought.

Finally at the front of the line, I stepped to the open tap and asked for the Stiegl Radlr that I had settled on for the night. In my periphery I saw the blonde take the next open spot next to me, and her friend another a little farther down. I heard her order a Fat Tire and then felt her eyes on me again. Reluctantly, I looked over to her.

"I'm Carrie," she said. "Are you fucking with me...about my laugh?" she asked raising her eyebrows

Her eyes seemed to bore into me. "I'm Adam." I replied. "I'm sorry, I truly did hear you laugh right before the band started, but couldn't quite locate where you were."

Taking my beer from the bartender, I added smiling. "Like a beautiful song."

As she reached for her beer, I turned and made my way back through the crowd and to my table. It felt like I had been gone for an hour. Brad and Melissa acted like I'd been gone for an hour. Both obviously were buzzed now. Brad was having problems holding himself up, let alone with Melissa all over him. They stopped kissing and groping just long enough to scold me.

"You've got to bring one of her friend's home." Brad slurred. "We're ready to go."

"It's not going to happen." I smiled, patting him on the shoulder. "But you guys go; I'm going to hang out for just a little longer."

Brad leaned in speaking just a little too loudly, "Take them both home Mike, they're down." 

"Maybe next time buddy." I quipped, slapping him on his shoulder.

Reluctantly, they said their goodbyes. Brad pleaded with me one last time, before they headed into the brewery to call for a cab. For a moment I felt very alone at the table. The crowd had thickened, with not near enough tables. Most were standing, holding their beers and socializing.

I slowly sipped on my Radlr thinking maybe it was time to go. The band returned, helping me lose myself for a little while. They covered "Linger" by the Cranberries, perfectly. Obviously, they thought she sounded similar as well.

The next song was a faster more tribal song and people started dancing in front of the stage. Most held a glass in one hand, and just grooved to the music. I watched indifferently until those two mesmerizing blue eyes caught mine.

She was dancing with her friend, but watching me. Something quickened in me. I could feel my heart beating faster as I watched her seductive moves. The way she could grind her hips had me thinking of what I could do with her sexy body. Our eyes remained on each other. It felt as if she was giving me a personal dance, dancing for me. 

Something about the clandestine acknowledgment was strangely erotic. She would bite her lower lip, as she gyrated. She backed up to her friend as she ran her hands on her hips. She pressed her ass into her, showing me what she'd look like in that position. It felt like she was begging for me to be inside of her with each rotation of her hips.

As people would pass between us, it would seem ages before I could catch a glimpse of her. Each time, her eyes were still on me. The song started to come to an end, just as I was wondering if I should go out and try to dance with her. 

My cock was fully erect. She had definitely done her job of getting me excited. Looking down at my empty glass for a second, I lost sight of her. I scanned everywhere through the crowd and couldn't locate her. 

I'll walk through the crowd once and see if I can find her. I thought. I walked through it twice. I guess that was my goodbye dance. I figured they'd left.

I decided it was time to go, beating myself up for not going out to dance. That's what you get for being a pussy. I hammered myself.

I headed into the brewery to use the bathroom before I left. Making my way around the bar, I found the line to the bathroom weaving through the small hall and out into the tables. 

Fuck! I thought. Can I wait until I get home? The answer was no. I'd just have to wait like all the others.

The Men's line moved much quicker than the Women's. After about five minutes I was nearing the front of the line. Just about the time I noticed that no one was using the "family bathroom" located between the opposing bathrooms, I noticed that Carrie was just ahead.

"Hey Carrie." I said as she turned to me.

"Hi." She said bouncing slightly. "I really have to pee."

"I just noticed that no one is using the "family bathroom." I was going to sneak in there." I said pointing with my head.

"Let's do it!" she agreed.

Let's? I thought.

She waited for me to move, as I eyed the door and the several people that were in front of us. Smiling, I pressed past and walked to the door of the bathroom. As I opened the door I could feel Carrie directly behind me. As we stepped in and locked the door, I heard a grumble from the front of the line. "Oh man..."

I turned around just in time to see Carrie's white ass as she sat down on the toilet. She let out a huge sigh and began to relieve herself. Her arms lay at rest between her bent legs as she said "Thank you!"

I was still in disbelief as she finished up, grabbing a small ball of toilet paper. Wiping, then standing up as she purposely gave me a view of her freshly shaved mound. "Your turn." She said smiling as she shimmied up her pants.

Until then I had forgotten that I really had to pee too. This will be fun. I thought, as my cock had gotten semi-hard again. She moved to the sink and began washing up as I made my way to the toilet.

Lifting the seat, I undid the button on the top of my jeans. As I unzipped the zipper I could feel my pent up cock spring out a bit, just hidden by my boxer briefs. As I released it, I looked over just in time to see Carrie staring at my cock.

I smiled at her, lifting a brow as I was finally able to release all of the beer I had consumed. 

"Well that was a first." I said as I finished up, flushing the toilet. As I slid my cock back into my underwear, I knew that it wasn't going to stay there. 

She stood with her shoulders leaned back against the small white tiled walls. Her hands across her waist, with her hips pressed out. Motionless she stared into my eyes with her mouth slightly open.

I quickly closed the gap between us. Our lips locked as my hands found her hips. Her tongue tasted sweet like spearmint gum, as we tasted each other for the first time. I heard a deep sigh as I pulled her hips against mine.

"I fucking want you." I growled

"Oh yeah?" she teased. "Here?"

"Fuck yes, anywhere!" I answered, as I spun her to face the wall.

I heard her moan as my lips found the nape of her neck, sucking and nibbling. Her hands pressed flat against the cold tile as mine found her firm breasts for the first time. Cupping and squeezing them as I felt her press back against my pelvis with her ass. It was my chance to moan, as her firm ass rubbed against my cock through my boxers.

"Come on." She whispered quietly.

I didn't need any more coaching. My hands dropped to her stomach finding a belly piercing, then found the button to her Lucky jeans. The soft sound of her coarse denim on her skin filled my ears, as my hands slid her jeans and panties down to her thighs. I looked down to her round ass and noticed a small cupids heart tattoo on her right cheek.

I stopped for a moment, tracing the small lines of the heart. As I watched my finger play, I noticed that my cock was hard and peering out from the top of waistband. Her hips rotated as my hand slid between her cheeks, finding her sex.

Her lips spread easily. The heat from the day and her dancing had left her sweaty and wet. Two fingers slid deep inside feeling her silkiness. The top of my hand hitting her pants that were halfway pulled down. Slowly, I finger fucked her as she moaned. 

"Come on baby." She said again.

I pulled her pants down around her ankles as she stepped out of her sandals, and then the pants. Her hands never pulled from the wall, as she stepped back a step bending forward at the waist. Standing directly behind, gave me the amazing view of her perfect oval between her legs. 

She looked so delicious I had to taste. I kneeled behind her placing my face between her legs. My nose struck first, sliding a bit into her pussy as my tongue stretched out to find her clit. My tongue wrapped around each side of her clit, sucking as I simultaneously fucked her with my nose. Her juices were almost immediately running down my throat as I sucked and played with her clit. Her breathing became rapid faster than I anticipated as I grabbed the front of each thigh. I dove in again loving her scent and taste. 

She let out a moan loud enough to remind me that we were in the bathroom at a brewery that I frequented quite a bit. I sucked on her lips as I slowly pulled away from her. Each labia slowly popped out of my mouth as I rose to my feet.

My cock sprang out as I pulled my pants and boxers below my balls. I watched as she turned to watch as I held my cock poised to enter her. She bit her lower lip the same as she had while dancing as I played with my tip between her lips.

Slowly I started pressing into her tight cunt, enjoying how she spread to fit me. Her pussy felt like wet silk as I found my way to her core. She bent forward just a bit more as my tip bumped her cervix. She let out a gasp, as I pulled out and then pressed back into her.

Her lips gripped my cock, as I would pull slowly out. Then they would suck back in as I would dive into her. Quickly, we picked up our pace. My pelvic bones began to strike her ass as I began to pound her. She began to let out small little shrieks each time I pumped. Moving closer to her, I covered her mouth with my hand to quiet her. She moaned into my hand as she bit it.

I watched as she dropped a hand to her clit and began rubbing it furiously. I felt her stand up on her tippy toes as I bent at my knees. The improved angle helped me dive deeper than before. I felt her panting against my hand, biting harder and harder. Her pussy was gripping and releasing my cock as our bodies crashed hard against each other.

Her shrieks became higher pitched and despite my hand, the room was getting louder and louder. Suddenly, her shrieks ended as she grunted loudly. Her legs stiffened, and her arm stopped moving. I felt her pussy convulse irregularly and I knew that she was coming as I continued to pound her. The feelings, sounds, and sight drove me over the edge.

My cock started to burn at the base, and then leapt to life. I tried unsuccessfully to remain quiet as I arched my back. Pulling out quickly I grunted loudly as the come seared through me and onto her ass. Jerk after jerk my load emptied onto her, finally covering her tattoo completely.

Suddenly feeling the pain in my hand I removed it from her face. Shaking it, I noticed her perfect teeth marks on my palm. She turned to face me with a huge smile on her face, breathing hard. "Wow!" She gasped.

My smile matched hers as I gasped. "Fucking right!" I reached to the towel dispenser next to her and pulled several out. The rough paper seemed to scratch at her soft skin as I wiped my come off of her ass.

"Come on we better get out of here." I warned.

She shook her head and was ahead of me, pulling up her pants quickly. I tucked my moist, still throbbing cock back into my underwear and fastened my pants. Both of us looked flushed and like we'd both fucked. Giggling, we unlocked and opened the door.

We both stopped as we noticed her friend was at the front of the Women's line. Her friend's mouth opened in shock as we left the bathroom. "You little bitch!" she whispered smiling and grabbing her arm.

"I'll meet you at the bar." I said to Carrie. Carrie nodded as I made my way through the crowd. Several minutes later I was joined by both of them. 

"Would you guys like to go get dinner?" I asked. "I know a great sushi place."

"I'm sorry, we have to get going." Carrie replied frowning. "We're in town for a wedding that starts in an hour."

It hadn't occurred to me that she might be visiting. The brewery was a local place and far from the strip. She must have noticed my disappointment, as she grabbed my arm stepping close.

"I'm from SoCal." She said, "I'm out here all the time, matter of fact I'll be here next weekend."

A big smile crossed my face. "Let me get your number, there's a beer fest at Sunset Park next weekend."

Edited by Cambria Rose