 It was a beautiful, sunny spring day. A perfect day for a ride. You take Peaches from where she was parked and take her for a bath. Your hands lovingly wash off the dust and grime that have accumulated since late fall. Soon she is gleaming in the sunlight, sure to attract many a jealous look from people as you drive by.

Before Peaches is fully dry in the sun, a car pulls up in front of your house. Your partner in crime has arrived!! :D She grins at you as she climbs out of her tracker and calls out a warm greeting. She runs her hand reverently over Peaches' seat as she admires your cleaning job. She looks up at you, and you can feel her excitement about going for a ride with you.

You walk around your bike and stand close to her. Her brown hair shimmering slightly red in the sun. You murmur something about how glad she could come, and gently touch her face and kiss her soundly.

She looks dazed and breathless when you release your hold on her. You gently place a helmet on her head and buckle it, kiss her nose, and put your own on. You climb on Peaches and wait for her to mount behind you. Soon you feel full breasts and thighs against you. You smile wickedly at the thought of all that's pressed against you, glad the woman behind you can't see your face or read your thoughts. 

She has her eyes shut, enjoying the smell and feel of you, and jumps when you bring Peaches to life, roaring. You laugh, and you're off down the road. Her arms come tight around you, smooshing her breasts further into your back. 

You both had decided days ago to go riding in the National park, to enjoy the spring growth, and to take a little hike. You both point out the wildlife you all see along the way to your hiking spot. You know her legs are getting tired from sitting so long, and in an unaccustomed position. Finally you all arrive at the hiking spot, or at least the tiny parking lot that proceeds it. You park and dismount. She remains sitting, and laughs that she needs some help getting off since she lost feeling in her ass and legs a while ago. You smile as she stumbles into you as she gets her legs under her again. You pull out the picnic lunch you had made and head for the woods, holding hands. 

About ten minutes into the hike, you spy a deer path through the woods, and on a hunch, you follow it, pulling her along behind you. She follows you without question. Soon, you all find yourselves in a beautiful small clearing with some wild daisies. You find a perfect flat spot to have your sandwiches and a drink. You all make small talk. Talking about the beautiful landscape you all had seen along the way. She tells you how much she enjoyed riding with you today and being with you. You lean over and gently kiss her. The kiss rapidly deepens, becoming more passionate, your hand sliding slowly up her warm skin under her shirt. Soon your hands meet her bra. You look at her, a pleading look in your eyes. Wanting to see those breasts you have seen so many times, but just couldn't touch. She smile broadly, sits back and removes her shirt for you. Her bra quickly follows. Her heavy breasts, sun kissed and glistening from the effort of hiking beckons you. You lean forward and take a hardened peak in your mouth, slowly drawing milk out. She sighs deeply as she gives into the sensation. You quickly drain her breasts and lay her back in the soft grass. Soon you find both of yourselves naked.

You slowly run your hands over her tired and sore legs. Massaging and gently kissing away the aching that will be sure to follow tomorrow, but bringing an aching need to other places for the moment. She holds her arms out to you and invites you to fill and complete her. You comply, your hardness melting into her soft folds. You ride her slowly, letting her feel every inch of yourself. You gently piston in and out of her, both of you riding towards completion. Soon two voices cry out into the quiet afternoon air as you pour your soul into hers.

You lay within each other's arms and drift to sleep in the warm sun. A few hours later, you awaken, kiss gently, dress, and head back to Peaches. Once again back on the bike that helped to bring you all together, you drive towards home, off into a rosy sunset.