 This story has a great deal of actuality associated with it, and while the time frame is consistent, the names have obviously been changed to protect the innocent (and the guilty). It's been a great trip!

No animals were injured in this story; no horny robots, aliens, swamp monsters, or the like are included to baffle or confuse.

If you have constructive criticism to offer, I'm grateful. If offered, please 'fess up, as it is very difficult for me to thank anyone who responds with 'anonymous.'

And, please enjoy!

*

It was late into the year 1962, and I was a young 22-year old Navy medic stationed at Pearl Harbor Naval Shipyard in Hawaii. As most readers probably know, Hawaii's fall and winter are known mostly as "the rainy season" here in the 'islands.' It stays pretty much warm, but the humidity climbs to astronomical levels, and rain and mildew become a fact of life for most residents here in paradise during this season.

I was living in the 'projects' here in Pearl, in an apartment on the second floor of a barracks type complex that was originally used to house military families during the Second World War. Now it had been given over to the state to operate as affordable housing for folks too poor to afford the more opulent structures closer to Honolulu. Ironically, lower ranked service personnel qualified for this type of housing, simply because of the extremely low pay scale of enlisted personnel at that time.

Fortunately, I was a petty officer, and as such I was allowed to find accommodations off the naval base, and preferring my own private living quarters over on-base barracks, I had put my name on the applicant list for this apartment. Within 2 months, I was comfortably living in a one-bedroom apartment in this complex, and had furnished it quite decently with the meager savings I'd managed to scrape together.

I occupied the end unit on the second floor, and my next door neighbor was a young military couple, married about two years I'd gathered. The husband was a marine stationed at the same Pearl Harbor Naval Base, but assigned to the brig on base. The wife was a quite pretty young brunette, bearing an amazing resemblance to Cher, whose star was rising quickly at that time. A Lance Corporal, Bob was a typical specimen of the brave and fearless Marine Corps serviceman of this time, heavily preoccupied with weight-lifting, macho-bonding and of course, martial arts. This left his wife, Barbara, alone at home quite a bit of the time, but I didn't really bump into her too often. On the occasions where I passed her on my way down the balcony to go to work or return to my apartment, I found her very polite, but fairly withdrawn and shy. A bit slim, but having very attractive curves in all the right places, I'd have 'done' her in a heartbeat under different circumstances.

Which comes to my real reason for obtaining private quarters; I'd managed to charm a young college student from the university downtown to a life of relative sin and debauchery with me while she studied for her degree. She seemed to feel that shacking up with a young sailor was 'cool', and a suitable statement to her independence from her folks back on the mainland U.S. Hey, the sex was good, and she provided me with a fair amount of intellectual stimulation, something that I lacked in the barracks back on base, so the arrangement worked out well for both of us as long as it lasted.

Alas, all good things seemed destined to end, and all too soon. My roommate had finally run out of college funds after the first semester, and her folks had decided to move her back closer to home on the 'mainland' U.S. where the educational process was a bit more affordable. Of course, that left me at point zero once again as far as companionship was concerned.

I was in no particular hurry to get attached again right away, as there were always plenty of attractive young tourists on the local beaches to get acquainted with when time and circumstances permitted. Unfortunately, the frequent unexpected squalls and rainstorms made the beach scene rather 'iffy' during our rainy season. Right now though, I had the annoying task of getting my small apartment back into bachelor mode, stocking up the 'fridge' with lots of cheap beer and TV dinners, and moving my belongings back into the spaces vacated by my recently departed roommate.

It was about a month after my roommate left that I noticed a pleasant addition to the family next door. As I returned from work on the base one early afternoon, I noted a slightly younger version of Barbara sprawled out on a lounge chair set up just next to their front doorway. Located just right to catch the afternoon sun, she seemed to be intent on catching whatever rays she could from the unpredictable weather. As I walked past her, I slowed my pace to get a better look at this Barbara "clone", and see if there might be an opportunity to introduce myself.

She lay face-up on the lounge chair, wearing a pair of sunglasses to cover her eyes. Since she hadn't moved or acknowledged my presence in any way once I'd passed her chair, I assumed that she might even be asleep. With that thought in mind, I stopped, turned and examined her more closely. Long flowing black hair framed her head. She possessed wonderfully sensuous lips, glistening with what I guessed was some sort of lip balm, and definitely a very sexy, Cher-like nose. Wearing a yellow bikini top and bottom, rather skimpy for the even the '60's, and well-greased with sun-tan lotion, she was definitely 'wet-dream' material. Taking my time, I moved my gaze slowly up her figure, noting long slender legs, ending in what could only be described as a 'heavenly junction' where they disappeared into her bikini bottoms. I saw no stray strands of hair, so surmised that she probably kept that little bit of heaven well-trimmed, or even shaven.

My mind was wandering into even more erotic observations when I was startled out of my reverie by someone behind me clearing their throat. As I jumped and turned around I saw Barbara just inside her doorway, watching me as I was watching the young lady in the lounge chair. She smiled at me apologetically, and said "Well, Jim, I can see that I really need to properly introduce you to my baby sister."

Suddenly the figure in the lounge chair came to life, and raising her sunglasses, she turned to her older sister and said "Damn it, Barb... I'm NOT a baby, and if you'd waited just a little longer I could've really checked him out!" At that she turned to me and laughed; a wonderfully playful laugh, and apologized to me. "I'm sorry," she said. "I couldn't help but take advantage of your rather detailed examination to return the favor."

By now, I was blushing profusely, trying to think of a graceful way out of this awkward situation. Busted, I thought. However, the ladies were being very gracious about my boorishness, and proceeded with introductions as though I'd just walked up. Barb introduced her sister as Beth, a 3rd year nursing student from SDSU in California. Beth had come to the "islands" for two reasons; to house-sit for Barb and Bob when they left in a few days for a visit to their parents in Texas and California, and to take a well-earned vacation from the rigors of college. 

Barb explained that she and her husband planned on being gone for at least 2 weeks, possibly 3, depending on the health of her mother who was convalescing from heart surgery. Bob was expecting orders to California, and they would be moving in a few months, so they were taking advantage of the situation to check out housing and visit relatives.

She was hoping that I'd keep an eye on things, including her sister while they were gone. "You know," she said, "just check in on things once in a while." I noticed that Beth was giving her a dirty look just about now, but I sensed a 'happening' in the making and spoke up. "I think that Beth looks perfectly capable of taking care of herself, but I'll be around if she thinks she needs any help." Giving me a grateful look, and wrinkling her nose at her sister, Beth said, "I've come this far, dear sister, I can certainly take care of myself for a little while over here... You just take care of yourself and Bob."

Not wanting to get involved in a sisterly dispute, no matter how benign, I quickly excused myself and went to my apartment. She certainly was a beauty, I thought. Not that her older sister wasn't, but at least she seemed like she could be a bit fun. We'll see, I thought.

Then, something happened that changed the whole picture. I had duty at the Medical Clinic on the base the next day, and was assigned to an ambulance crew for the 24 hour shift. About 2:00 AM we received a call from the Hawaiian State Police, informing us that a couple of our servicemen had been involved in a fiery collision on the highway just outside our main gate. My crew mustered quickly and proceeded in "Shin-plaster One", the code name for our ambulance, to the front gate, expecting anything as usual.

Once we approached the gate, the State Police quickly gave us a very noisy escort to the scene of the accident about a half block away, where we could see an automobile off the side of the road, with flames leaping high into the early morning sky! The police were already providing first aid to two casualties on the road tarmac. My medic assistants quickly gathered up their equipment and ran to their assistance, while I radioed in details to the Base Medical Clinic. While I was preparing the Clinic for incoming patients, I noticed movement out of the corner of my eye at the crash site. There appeared to be yet another victim in the back seat of the car that had apparently been overlooked by the police!

Dropping my mike, I ran to the rear door of the blazing auto, and without thinking about consequences, I grabbed the door handle and yanked it open with all of my strength! I quickly grabbed the young serviceman, who was absolutely in panic, and pulled him to safety. Getting him to settle down, I yelled at one of my assistants to come and take care of him. I'd have done it myself, but I now knew that my hands had been burned pretty badly, and I would need some assistance myself.

"Shin-Plaster Two and Three" were dispatched that night as well, and the casualties were transported to the facilities where their injuries might best be taken care of. I was brought back to the Clinic, and the doctor on duty spent the next couple of hours cleaning and dressing my hands. By the time he finished, I had what appeared to be 'boxing gloves' on, and a bottle of pain killers to sedate me.

I slept well into the afternoon, and fortunately it was a Saturday, so I didn't have to face the entire workday staff with my ridiculous injury. What the hell was I thinking, anyhow? When I managed to get the sleep out of my head, and had taken enough of the pain pills to take the edge off the screaming pain from my hands, I was given a choice; I could either get myself admitted to Tripler Army Hospital for follow-up treatment, or return to my apartment for a while. IF, I could convince the Clinic staff that I had the necessary support there to take care of the usual things; like bandage changes, bathroom visits, bathing, etc.

The last thing I wanted was a group of my subordinates giving me bed baths, wiping my ass whenever I went to the bathroom, or feeding me. No one at the base knew that my previous roommate had left for the 'states' yet, so I used that to get my ticket back to my apartment. I convinced them that she could perform all of these necessary functions. How I would manage any of those 'other' things once I got there, I had no idea. But, I thought I could figure out something.

The Clinic sedan delivered me to my apartment complex about 4:00 pm Saturday afternoon, and the driver helped me up the stairway and down the outside passageway to my apartment. I was still dressed in a clinic blue gown, underneath which was nothing but my boxers, socks and shoes. 

As we approached my doorway, Barbara suddenly burst through her doorway, blocking our way back to my apartment. She immediately wanted to know what had happened, and pestered the medic that had assisted me until he finally told her, "Look, he's a fuckin' hero! Oops! Sorry, miss." And he went on to relate all that had happened much earlier that morning. But, he added, since I had someone at home to take care of my convalescent needs, they allowed me to come home. However, I had to report back to the clinic in a week for a checkup, just to make sure that everything was healing well.

It was at this time I shot a beseeching look at Barb. I'd lied to these people, and I didn't want them to know it. Catching my look, and understanding what I might be concerned about, she quickly came to my rescue. "Yeah," she said. "We have a nurse on this floor that is not working at the moment, and I'm sure she'll be happy to take care of our little hero."

Thinking that Barb was referring to my roommate, the driver nodded his head and winked at me, passing over a heavy bundle of my clothing, clean dressing supplies, and the medicinal salves and antibiotics that were to be used in my daily changes to her. Barb accepted the package, and raising an eyebrow at me, escorted me into her living room.

After the driver had finally left, she turned to me and said, "Jim, just what the hell were you thinking? Just how did you expect to treat yourself in those, those... boxing gloves?" How could I explain to her my situation? Here I was, doped up on pain-killers, wrapped up like a Christmas present, struggling with my pride, and trying to figure out how I was going to answer those questions that she'd just thrown at me. 

Having given me more than enough time to answer, Barb had finally gotten an idea as to how my dilemma was going to work out. Interrupting my dumb look, she said, "OK, I'll make you a deal, mister hero; I'll talk Beth into checking in on you and changing your dressings, but you'll have to promise me that you'll keep an eye on her while we're gone. Got it?" Thoughts were still stumbling through my head, and I couldn't really sort them out. Not being able to figure out a better resolution to my problem at the moment, I simply nodded my head 'yes.'

Barb dragged me over to her couch and made me sit down. Sensing that I wasn't quite 'with it' at the moment, she told me to stay there while she fixed me something to eat. She must have been clairvoyant, because I'd had nothing to eat since the accident, and was starving. Along with the hunger, the pain in my hands was slowly returning, and the only thing I could think about at the moment was that I'd need my medicine soon.

As I was thinking about that, I heard the front door slam, and Beth came slowly walking into the room. I guess you'd say she was 'walking', but she moved like she was on a catwalk, and she had a two-piece swimsuit on that left little to the imagination! Between my medicated state, my lack of companionship lately, and the vision in front of me, my groin began to lose control. As my bath-robe began to slowly rise in front of me, I pulled my hands from my sides and placed them in my lap to hide the obvious interest that my cock had suddenly taken in her.

Surprised, Beth walked over to me and, turning to Barb who was just returning from the kitchen with a sandwich for me, said, "Hey sis! What's going on? Entertaining Mr. handsome in our living room, and in his pajamas?" Fortunately, she was so busy teasing her older sister that she hadn't noticed the rigid problem I was wrestling with in my lap.

Barb quickly explained what had happened to me that morning, and then pulled her into the kitchen, to give her instructions on my treatment, I hoped. By the time they returned, I had struggled through my sandwich (ever try to eat a sandwich with boxing gloves on...?), which had left debris all over myself and the floor. My intense hard-on had also subsided as well, somewhat. I mumbled my apologies, and sensing the pain was getting too much of an edge on me, asked for a dose of painkiller.

Beth quickly sorted through the bundle I'd brought with me, and finding the medication fed it to me quickly with a small glass of water. She then explained to me that she and Barb had agreed that Beth would take care of me until I could take care of myself, and that all I had to do was ask if I needed anything. After she'd said that, I thought I saw a twinkle in her eye, but in my condition, it could have been my imagination. Seeing the mess that I'd made out of the sandwich, she also told me that she'd be making me something to eat until I could feed myself.

Once we'd worked out the details of what I'd probably need in the way of assistance, both Barb and Beth escorted me back to my apartment so that I could finally get some rest. I whispered to Barb to remain behind a bit after Beth returned to their apartment, as I had one last request to make before she left my apartment, and it was a little embarrassing.

After Beth had left, Barb asked me what the favor was, and I hesitantly explained to her that I couldn't drop my boxers to go to the bathroom myself, but if she'd quickly drop them to the floor, I could just keep them off, and I'd be able to do "my thing" without assistance. I could sense my face was flaming red, but if I expected to be independent in any way whatsoever, I would have to get them off. Unfortunately, while I was asking her this, my cock had again begun to swell, and a rather substantial tent in my boxer shorts was painfully evident.

Smiling, Barb quickly knelt down in front of me, and pulling up my bathrobe, she was immediately confronted with my rather substantial hard-on. Once I spotted the shocked look on her face, I quickly turned around and suggested that she pull my shorts down from behind. After a moment, she did so, and I felt the warm breeze from my living room blow softly across my ass and balls.

Getting up from the floor, and helping me retrieve my shorts from the floor, Barb turned to face me with a wide grin on her face and asked, "Well, Jim, is there anything else I can do for you before I go?" Thanking her, I said no, and escorted her to my door. Exhausted, I turned to relieve my bladder before hitting the sack for some well-earned rest. 

While taking my constitution, I noted yet another awkward facet of my condition. I couldn't seem to keep the clinic bathrobe out of the stream of my urine, simply because it was donned backwards to a regular bathrobe. Making a bit of a mess, I traded it in on a bathrobe that opened in the front, so I could at least pull the sides back out of the way of my 'business.' Solving this problem only created another one, as I was soon to find out.

Sunday morning, at about 11:00am, there was a knock at the door, and in came Beth, dressed in shorts and a blouse tied at the waist. I swear, if she were dressed in a circus tent, she'd still get my blood pumping! All business now, she directed me to a seat, and snipping off my old dressings, she carefully surveyed the damage done to my hands. I had a few nickel-sized blisters on my palms, and the rest of the areas were beet red. Painful? You bet! Fortunately, I had no 3rd degree burns, and my recovery was expected to take place within the next couple of weeks.

I had to give her credit, she was quite professional, and after cleaning the injuries, she wrapped them back up (this time with thinner bindings) in no time at all. Reaching into the basket that she'd brought with her, she came up with a couple of delicious ham and cheese sandwiches, one of which she proceeded to hand-feed to me. 

While she was taking care of me, while feeding herself, I noticed that she kept looking down, obviously distracted. Following her gaze I was shocked to see that my robe had fallen slightly apart, but enough so that my cock and balls were plainly in sight! Worse yet, while sitting there with her, my cock had been slowly getting hard, as though to acknowledge her presence.
