 I would love to receive you comments or feedback, whether you love this or hate it. Let me know what you like and what you don't. TC5

*

John was REALLY down on his luck. First, he got laid off. Then his girlfriend left him and took off with the car. Finally, he couldn't even get his last pay check because the landlord put a lien on it for back rent. His vision of a new life in Detroit after his divorce was shattered all over the floor. Only thing left was to go home to Tucson, with his family, and try to regroup. 

He had a couple of hundred bucks he had squirreled away, but didn't want to spend it all on a bus ticket, so he decided to hitch. That's why, now, 8 AM, he's on an I-75 entrance ramp with a loaded backpack and his thumb in the air. He's been there since 6.

A big SUV, an old Expedition, comes lumbering up the ramp, looking like its dragging its tail. He almost doesn't bother with the thumb, but, what the hell. To his amazement, it slows, and stops just beyond him. When he runs up and opens the door, a loud female voice says, "Where you goin' to, Pilgrim?"

"Tucson," he replies, "but any place in that direction is good enough for a start."

"Might be your lucky day," the smiling round face behind the voice says. "See if you can stow your pack back there, and jump in."

When he opens the back door, he almost gives up. All manor of stuff is piled behind the front seat, and in the rear compartment. Hardly and inch of space. But he's desperate, and gives a hard shove. Something moves, and the pack is barely through the door. He slams it quickly, and climbs in the front.

As the laboring SUV slowly takes off, he glances over to see who his benefactor is. Wow, not bad, really! A pleasant looking woman with a dark tan, an extra pound or two maybe, and a few years older than him. But really, not bad at all. 

"HI!" he says with a grin, "I'm John."

"Just call me Peach," she says, "everyone else does. Time will tell how far we make it together, but I'm headed for Phoenix, so I might be able to get you pretty close!"

John figures, "This could be the answer to that prayer I said in the bar last night."

"That sounds great!" he replies. "Let me know if there's anything I can do to help out." 

"Just some conversation to keep me awake, and a few bucks for gas if you got it, don't worry about it if you don't."

"Where you from, and what are you heading to Phoenix for, Peach?"

"Right now, I'm from Detroit, originally from Georgia, place you never heard of. I just cut loose that lying bastard of a husband I had, and I'm heading for my sister's for a while. Never been to Phoenix, but if it's hot, like Georgia, I'm used to it."

"You might actually like it there, probably hotter than Georgia, but a lot drier."

"Doesn't matter," says Peach, "only option I got right now. So what's your story?" 

"Kinda the same as yours, really. Had a really bad marriage when I lived in Tucson, so I finally ended that, and headed for Detroit to look for work. It was ok for a couple of years, but then the auto industry took a dive and I got laid off." He goes on to recount the rest of his various woes.

"Damn, honey," Peach says, "sounds like we'd make a good pair, the disastrous duo!" They both have a good laugh at that, and settle in for the long ride. 

As the day goes on and the painful miles crawl by, they fill each other in on various pieces of their lives. Peach had a husband who went to the bar, then with a different woman every night. He told her about the job he never really had, while secretly withdrawing their savings - her money - and pretending he earned it.

John had a good marriage for a while, or so he thought. But his wife was always after more money. And finally, she figured out the easy way to get it was to do a little whoring, while he worked the second shift. That finally came out in bits and pieces. At least it made the divorce easy to get. 

John and Peach really hit it off pretty well, similar problems, both with a sense of humor, a little on the corny side, and both anxious to make the trip go by as painlessly as possible. They listen to the radio and sing a few songs together, deciding not to try out for American Idol, and play some road games, looking for various state plates, etc. 

But by around 8 PM entering Oklahoma, they have both hit the wall. John can't stay awake, and Peach can't either, without him.

"Tell you what honey," Peach finally says, "we got on pretty good today. If you want to, we can find a cheap motel with 2-bed rooms and split the cost, if you promise to be a good boy." 

John is so groggy, that sounds great to him, and they quickly agree. They find a place for 30 dollars with two queen beds, and each puts up 15 dollars, cash. They select their beds, and decide to roll right into them, way too tired to do anything else. 

Peach says, "I'm gonna turn off the lights and strip to my undies and crawl in bed, you do as you like. But If I so much as suspect you took a peek at this luscious body, I'll scratch your eyes out while you're asleep."

"No problem," John replies, and soon as the light is out, the room is filled with snores.

Around 2 AM, John wakes up for a bathroom break, and decides, while he's in there, maybe a shower is a good idea. But once he gets out he realizes, his clean underwear is locked in Peach's car. He decides to sleep naked, and get it in the morning, when he can run out with just his pants on. He goes back to the bed in a towel.

Of course, the shower and the toilet, etc., has wakened Peach. "What the hell you doin' honey, making all that racket?"

"Sorry, Peaches, I just needed to get up anyhow, so I took a shower. 

"Hmmmmmmmm, well I gotta get up too. Peaches sounds nice, by the way. Maybe I'll do the same." And she does.

And then, she realizes, her stuff is in the car. It's going to take too much trouble to wrap two towels around herself, so she tiptoes back to bed, naked, and crawls in again. 

The trouble is, now they are both wide awake. 

"Honey, how the hell did you get your clean clothes?"

"I didn't. I used a towel; I'll get the stuff in the morning."

Peach giggles, "One towel wasn't big enough for me, I snuck back naked, right by you!"

"Damn, woman, what if you had got the wrong bed?" John teases her. 

"Guess it wasn't your lucky day," Peach snorts back.

"Got a ride from you, that makes me pretty damn lucky, I think."

Peach is getting into this now, and that was kind of sweet. "I'll bet that's not the ride you would really like to have, now is it?"

With that, John feels a definite stirring. Has been just a foot or two from her all day long, and realized she's really pretty curvy, but there was no way he was going to screw up his good luck, so he put it out of his mind. He can't resist now, though.

"You wanna describe in detail, just what you're thinking of, so I can answer that?"

Touché.

"John?"

"Yeah?" 

"You realize we are in the same room, in bed, naked?"

"I do now." Hard as he tries, John can't avoid a shiver, followed by a long and very audible intake of breath.

Peach knows exactly what that means. And she feels it too.

"John?"

"Yeah?"

"Do you like me? I mean... we get along ok don't we?"

"Of course I like you! You rescued me from that damn ramp! And you have been great company all day. I think we get along pretty damn good!"

"Me too."

Peach feels something she hasn't felt in a long time. Wetness between her thighs.

"John."

"Yeah?"

"You want company?"

She doesn't wait for an answer. She throws the covers off of herself, and stretches, full of nervous tension. She feels her way the three feet to John's bed, lifts the covers, and slides in. 

John is scared. His cock is already hard, from the conversation - and being in the same room with her - naked. But he doesn't want to mess anything up.

Peach's hand feels for him, then she leans over him. The hardened nipples of her very large breasts scrape his chest. She is not quite on target, but her lips finally cover his. He groans. He gives up. He opens his lips, pressing back against hers, and her tongue slides into his mouth. His arms gently go around her. She kisses harder. His arms tighten. In seconds, they are grinding against each other. 

His hand finds her ample ass, and rubs circles on it. Her hand finds his cock, and is pleased by its size. Not a giant, but more than she figured. She is stroking, he is rubbing, and they are moaning into each other's mouths. 

John is throwing caution to the winds now. He pushes her back and leans over her, pressing his lips hard against hers. His hard cock is pressing against her thigh. Both of them are moving, rocking moaning. 

He lowers his head and finds a large hard nipple. With a sigh, he sucks it in and nurses on it. She arches, arches harder, then arches some more. Silently begging him to take more in. He does his best. Her hand is gripping him tightly now, more yanking on him than stroking. 

John runs his hand down her body, and between her legs. By now she is flowing a river, and he finds it. Her hips lift as he touches her. Her pussy is already swollen, and his fingers slide in easily. He starts fingering her slowly, but her hips lift violently and her pussy rams against his hand. His teeth catch the nipple he has been nursing on. He pulls up hard, at the same time ramming his fingers in and out of her. 

Her entire body convulses. She has an instant orgasm. He is almost afraid he has hurt her, but he knows different a few seconds later, when she hoarsely gasps, "Fuck me honey, NOW!"

No going back now. He slides between her legs and she grabs him, guiding him into her as fast as she can. Her heat sets him on fire, and he pushes hard! He slides in all the way in one stroke, and her ass lifts off the bed to greet him. No sense messing around. He fucks her hard, fast, harder and faster. They make so much noise, someone in the next room knocks on the wall. No way he can stand that. 

"I'm gonna cum," he gasps out. 

"Give it to me honey, right in there! Don't worry, I'm still on the pill." 

He explodes! It's been a while now, and he has plenty saved up. She feels his cock start to spurt, and goes off in another delicious orgasm. After some serious bucking and moaning, he collapses on her. Her large breasts are pillows for his head. She cradles him, stroking his body gently. She breathes in his ear, "Rest up honey, cuz we're gonna do that again!"

He lifts his head, and says weakly, "Only once?"

"All you want, baby."

They doze off, briefly, and when he wakes up, his face is between her breasts. He slides his mouth over a nipple and nurses contentedly. This woman has made everything that was wrong, right! The nipple hardens in nothing flat, and she wakes to find him sucking on her. She moans and presses her breast against his face. 

Knowing she likes that so much hardens him instantly, and she feels it pressing against her. She grasps him and starts stroking. "Mmmmm, honey I like how he gets so hard for me, and he's gonna like what I do to him!"

She pushes him onto his back and mounts him. "Time for that ride we talked about, baby!" She smiles at him while she holds his cock and slides herself down on it. 

She loves riding cock, and it shows. She rocks back and forth, giving him long, deep strokes, as he watches her breasts sway to and fro in front of his face. He starts to try to move under her, but she says, "You take it easy honey, and let Peach take care of that problem for you." 

She shows him her stuff, slapping down hard on him and grinding on him, then lifting up a little and pumps her ass up and down in short fast strokes, squeezing against him inside, as she does. She leans over and lowers a nipple to his mouth, which he starts sucking on, furiously. "MMMMmmmm," she sighs, show me how much you love this. I'd let you suck on me all day!" His hand grasps the other breast and starts kneading it, hard. He put s his thumb over the nipple, and starts rubbing. 

"OHHHHHHHHHH godddd, you're gonna make me cum like that," she moans and starts pumping her pussy up and down furiously over his cock.

The pleasure is just too much for him, and he shudders, body stiffening. Feeling that, she rams herself down hard on him and growls, "Gimme!"

He shoots another load into her and listens while she moans and groans her way through another great orgasm. Her pussy refuses to stop clamping down on his cock until she has gotten every drop out of him. Finally they lie quiet, side by side. 

"Oh honey, this trip has turned out a lot different than I planned. And a hellofa lot better!" In reply he kisses her, not a fuck-me kiss, a passionate kiss. 

When he wakes again, it's daylight out, and she's not there. But he hears water running, and guesses, "Shower". He walks into the bathroom quietly and climbs in behind her. When he slides his arms around her and cups her breasts, she sighs and leans back against him, arching to press herself into his hands. He kneads and squeezes her softly, kissing the back of her neck. She's purring now, and his cock is pressing against her ass.

Finally, she turns in his arms and grasps him, stroking gently as they smile at each other. She lathers him up and washes him, hand stroking up and down his length. He returns the favor to her pussy. When they finally climb out, he towels her off, paying special attention where she likes it best. This is the first time they have actually seen each other naked, and neither is disappointed. She can't keep her hands off his cock, and he continually kneads her breasts lightly, loving the feel of their heavy weight in his hands.

She leads him back to the bed by his cock, and whispers, "Lie down, lover." 

He does, but when she kneels next to him and starts to stroke his cock, he says, "Uh uh," and beckons to her. 

Getting the idea, she straddles him, and he grabs her hips and pulls her down to his face as she is kissing the tip of his cock. His tongue flicks out, and lightly slides over her lips. She moans and her mouth slides down over him. For a long time, it is very quiet, only the slurping sounds of their lips and mouths being heard. His tongue is busy in between her pussy lips, sliding up and down, in and out, while her lips slowly move up and down on him as she contentedly sucks. 

She starts rocking back and forth, and her pussy slowly slides back and forth over his mouth. He's kissing, licking, nipping and sucking without even having to move. His tongue finds her now large and swollen clit, and his hands grip her hips and hold her still as he sucks it in. She shudders, and her mouth rams down on his cock. He teases her, licking, sucking, nipping without mercy and she jumps with each new touch, but she presses back, pushing herself against his mouth. Meanwhile, her head is bobbing up and down on his cock, her lips squeezing tighter around it. 

She is getting wetter and wetter, and her juices are running down his chin. His cock is starting to throb in her mouth. Finally he swats her lightly on the ass, and she jumps and giggles, and climbs off of him. When he pulls himself up, she is already kneeling head down on the bed. "Get the idea, honey?" Her muffled voice comes from the sheets. 

"YOU"RE gonna get it!" he says, as he moves behind her, and he swats her on both cheeks. 

She jumps, but not as much as when he slips himself into her and starts pushing. She pushes back hard, and he slides all the way in. "DAMN!" he says, "that feels good baby!" 

"Shut up and fuck me, I know how good it feels!" She turns her head back and gives him a big grin. 

He goes right to work, grabbing her hips and ramming himself into her, his body slapping her ass with every stroke. She bounces a couple of times, then starts rocking, meeting him with every thrust, giving as good as she gets. Both are breathing hard, and soon she starts making little noises with every stroke. That excites him, and he starts pounding harder against her ass. 

"Ooo,ooo,ooo,ooo," she chants in time with his strokes. She pushes her head into the sheet and begins to pull on her nipples.

He responds with warp speed, feeling his cock about to burst, and knowing she's so ready for it. Her head lifts from the bed, and she sounds like she's strangling as he hits her with one last thrust, and her pussy squeezes around him. He shudders, growls, fingers dig into her hips, and his cum blasts into her, spurt after spurt.

She is shaking as wave after wave of her orgasm flows through her. John is bucking against her smooth ass.

Finally he lets her go, and she falls to the bed. He's right behind.

Peach throws and arm over him and pulls herself up on his chest. His arms wrap around her, and the kiss is long and deep. "We're gettin' pretty good at that," she says, and nuzzles against him. "Felt better than pretty good," he murmurs in her ear.

"Me too," she says.

Finally, they realize it's almost 11, check-out time. John says, "We gotta get our underwear out of the car."

"Why don't we just leave it off?" she says, with a very evil grin.

"Works for me!" 

He's got just a T-shirt and pants, she puts on her shirt and shorts, but she only buttons the bottom three buttons, and smiles at him. 

"Dammit Peaches, you're gonna have me hard all day!"

"That's the idea, honey!"

They both giggle, and since they have no luggage, head out to the car. Both of them are still on fire.

They got a late start, so don't get very far, but around 6, Peach says, "Whatayah think? Time to look for someplace to stay?"

He gives her a big smile, and says, "I've been wondering what took you so long."

This time, they get a motel with just one bed, so it's a couple of bucks cheaper. They hardly make it in the door before they are all over each other. They are kissing and undressing each other at the same time. Her shirt hits the floor first, and his pants are right behind. His Tee goes flying, and he yanks her shorts down her legs. They both pull the covers down, and dive into the bed together. 

Quickly they are a ball of arms and legs, rocking and rolling together. His cock was hard before they got in the door, and it's like steel now. She's rolling her hips, rubbing her pussy up and down on it. In moments he's between her legs, and her hand is around him. He lifts up and she spreads her legs and pushes him into her. They both grunt like animals when his cock bottoms out in her. 

Their hips start rocking at the same time, fucking each other with a heat like fire. No words needed, just the ragged moans and groans as they go faster and faster, harder and harder, until he rams himself into her. Bodies out of control and they buck and writhe, cumming together with one monster orgasm. Peach is making little noises, and John is lying on top of her, panting.

"Oh, honey!" Peach says, "I've needed that since we got in the car." 

"Me too, Peaches, or maybe you didn't see me staring into your shirt all day."

"Hell, honey, you could have reached in and had 'em any time you want. You know that!"

"I figured this would be better if we were in one piece when we got here." John quips, and they both giggle and rub each other all over. 

Things are different now, last night the lights were out, and they didn't even get to see each other till they took that shower.

Now, they leave a light on, and enjoy each other, teasing and playing. She rubs lightly on his cock, but doesn't stroke it, as he sees how many different places he can kiss and lick each of her breasts. They spoon for a while, John behind her with arms around, and a breast in each hand, softly squeezing as he kisses all over her back, shoulders and neck. His hard cock is against her ass, and her hips are rolling, her cheeks stroking against it.

She turns over to him, and they share a series of long, deep kisses, hands running all over each other. Finally, she slides a leg up over his hip, as high as she can get it, opening herself to him. She whispers, very softly, almost shyly, "Fuck me John."
