 Hello. Let me introduce myself. My name is Rochelle Della Crème. Yeah I know it sounds like a candy, I get that all the time. I am usually a reader of these letters, but after what happened on my trip to The Netherlands, I had to write in and tell you what went down.

I guess to start at the beginning is cliché, but is appropriate for this story. I started playing an online game called ‘Get Tiffany' about two years ago. During this time I had made a lot of friends from all over the USA, and the world for that matter. I had become increasingly familiar with a couple of people,. (For sake of the story I will use their player names for here on in.) Late one evening during one of our online conversations, my friend ‘Whitey', who is from the Netherlands, invited my friend ‘Peachy' and I over to his place for a party, since there had also been several other player from the game that happened to live in the same part of Europe. Peachy and I thought it a wonderful idea, and since we both had a week of vacation coming up, agreed to it.

Fast forward a few months. Peachy had agreed to make the ½ day travel to my hometown so we could fly non-stop out of a major airport. (Neither of us were too thrilled at the possibility of having to be on a plane any longer than necessary.) While on the plane, conversations started to turn to a racier sort. Peachy knew that I had some feelings for Whitey, and inquired as to what I intended to do once I got there. To be totally honest, I didn't know. I did not want to have any expectations, other than to get insanely high from this great weed that I had been hearing about. And, well, if I got laid in the process, that was just going to be a bonus point.

With the exception of a little turbulence, the plane ride continued without incident. We both slept most of the way so that we were fresh and ready to do the ‘touristy' thing when we finally touched down. The airport was quite busy for a weekday, and we had a little bit of trouble finding ‘Whitey' when we came thru the gate. We eventually caught up with our gracious host and were off to Voorburg, which was about 1.5 hours from the airport.

The Dutch country-side was quite beautiful, a lot more so than the urban sprawl to which I had become accustomed. The air smelled sweet and clean, not smog ladened and dirty.

The three of us made it to ‘Whitey's 7th floor flat about midway thru the afternoon. He welcomed us in with a smile and promptly offered ‘peachy and myself a glass of white wine (as he was not the red wine type). Peachy and I sat on the sofa, Whitey on a lounge chair and started talking about random things. We were about half way into the bottle of wine when Whitey, in typical fashion, suggested that we play a Strip card game. I had played a little of this game with him when we were chatting online, but I did not know what Peachy would say.

Peachy was a little reluctant, but said that she would watch as I played with Whitey and while she grabbed another glass of wine. I shrugged and went to sit near Whitey and draw my first card. An ace of clubs. Yes I would win this round. Whitey drew a two of clubs, so he had to take off his shoes, per my request. We continued this way till we both had our shoes, socks, and tops off, when Peachy, feeling quite inebriated from the wine, decided that she wanted to give it a try.

We agreed to start over, replaced all of our clothing. Whitey reshuffled the cards and told Peachy to pick one. She chose the top card. I chose the 5th from the top, and Whitey took the bottom card. On a count of three, we all flipped over our cards. Me, a 10 of diamonds. Whitey, a jack of clubs. Peachy . . . not a good round for her, she drew a 2 of spades. Whitey told her that she had to take off her shoes. Ha, not a bad thing to do, so she did it willingly.

Back and forth the turns went, each of us removing various articles of un important clothing, things such as belts, earrings, socks and the like. It then came to the turn where Whitey had won over both peachy and myself. He had drawn a king of diamonds and the two of us had both drawn 8's. Whitey got a sly look on his face as he suggested that Peachy and I remove each others shirts. Peachy's eyes widened when she heard what was to be done. "Um, I really don't know if this is a good idea guys. I mean, I really am a bit shy" Peachy said as we could see her face turn a slight pink. "Ahh Peachy, don't be such a spoil sport." I smiled as I got closer to her, my hands moving slowly to the buttons of her shirt. I took the last sip of my wine, set the glass aside and stood up. Peachy looked a bit confused as I offered her my hand. "Stand up," I said. "It will be easier to take your shirt off if we are standing."

Peachy kept her eyes to the floor as she stood up, I could tell that she was quite embarrassed by the predicament. Slowly, one by one, I undid the buttons to her satin blue shirt. The shirt fell slowly to the floor as I undid the last button. Imagine to my surprise, and much to that of Whiteys, when we found out that she was not wearing a bra under that shirt. The soft mounds of flesh jutted from her chest, beautiful and perky. Her nipples were pink and erect from her excited embarrassment.

"Now take off my shirt." I said to Peachy as she finished her wine. 

"Eh, what the hell?" Peachy shrugged as she tossed her glass to Whitey and walked a step closer to me and lifted my t-shirt above my head. "Hey, no fair," She said as she glanced to Whitey. "She has her bra on!"

Whitey sat back and chuckled as he shuffled the cards again. He loved this. He had two beautiful women, friends even, undressing each other in his living room. He had two nearly naked women . . . He felt his dick start to get hard at the naughty thoughts running thru his head at the moment, and he tried to hide it.

I saw what he was trying to do, or rather not to have seen. I whispered to Peachy. "Hey you remember all those times I tried to get into your pants on MSN?"

Peachy's eyes widened a bit as I leaned in closer. I explained to her that we should continue undressing eachother. I told her why not do it, I mean when are we going to be in another country, all the wine and weed we could have. We might as well have some fun of it.

By this time Whitey had finished making a huge joint, lit it and was sitting there, ‘blowing' as they call it, as he watched Peachy and I talking. I wasn't going to have any of that, I went up to him took the joint and inhaled deeply. "I suggest u roll another for your self" I said before exhaling. I took the joint back to Peachy and passed it between the two of us as we sat on the sofa, contemplating our next move. We were both buzzing quite well from the weed and the wine, and decided that now was the time to put on a show for or host. After snubbing the joint in the ashtray, I grabbed the deck of cards, stood and stood in the middle of the room, making like I was going to have Peachy draw for the next round. 

Peachy joined me in the middle of the room. As she joined me, we gave each other a sly smile. I tossed the cards to the ground. Whitey looked a bit confused thru the smoke about him. I smiled as I put a finger to my mouth, as if to shhhh him. Slowly, I removed my bra as Peachy undid the tie that held my skirt closed. The black leather skirt and bra hit the floor and I stood there, no wearing only my panties. I got to my knees as I went to Peachy and undid the button and zipper of her jeans. I let my hands glide softly over the skin of her thighs as I lowered the jeans to the floor and had her step out.

Peachy kicked her jeans aside as she helped me to me feet. We chuckled a bit nervously and we glanced over at Whitey. Whitey sit further back in his chair as he widened his legs, as to relieve some of the pressure on the growing bulge in his pants.

While Peachy was still looking on Whitey, I took her by the hand, and pulled her close to my body. Our soft breasts touched together as I turned her head to mine and softly kissed her on the lips. She was a bit hesitant at first and tried to pull away, but soon relaxed as I let one of my hands move slowly to her crotch. I could tell that she was at least a little accepting of what was happening, her cotton panties were a bit damp. I smiled as I walked her back to the couch.

"Pay attention Whitey." I said, shooting him a glance. "You may learn something." I smiled as I pushed Peachy to sit on the couch. I dropped to my knees where I fastly tore off her panties and pressed a thumb to her wet hole. "Just sit back and enjoy." I whispered to her as I kissed my way from her neck, to her nipples, slowly down her tummy, finally reaching her hot box. I buried my head into her hair and I could hear Whitey getting restless.

Peachy moaned as I tongued her hole, and slightly nibbled on her clit. I could tell that she was about to come when I felt some hands around my waist. Peachy and I both looked up and saw Whitey behind us. He was now fully unclothed, stroking his large cock. "Haa, you two didn't think that I was going to sit by and not get in on this hot action, did you?"

Whitey pushed my head back into Peachy's cunt as he removed my panties. As I reached for Peachy's tits, Whitey took hold of my waist and in one strong thrust, he buried his cock into my pussy. He started pumping me hard and that drove me to tongue fuck Peachy harder. Peachy grabbed the cushions of the couch as she screamed that she was going to cum. That announcement seemed to make Whitey fuck me harder and I could feel my own orgasm peak and explode as I could taste Peachy's orgasm juices flow into my mouth and down my face.

I quickly pulled myself off Whitey's cock and started sucking him off. Peachy recovered from her earth shattering orgasm, and said, "Well I HAVE to repay that." She positioned herself, lying on the floor and pulled my hips on to her face. I sat there sucking Whitey's cock and Peachy eating me out. I felt a second orgasm coming as Whitey's balls began to tighten. I could tell that he was going to cum at any moment cause he grabbed the back of my head and started to actually fuck my face. I felt his spunk fill my mouth, I sucked harder, I wanted every last drop of jizz that he had to give. After he was done cumming, I stood up. Peachy went to get a glass of wine. I smiled, my mouth closed, as I stood up. I pulled Whitey close to me, and kissed him deeply. I started to spit the cum he shot of fin my mouth back to his. He tried to get away, but I used both of my hands to hold him close and make sure he took every last drop, and made sure that he swallowed it as well.

"Drinks anyone?" Peachy said as she handed us each a glass of wine.

"Well, I am now glad I invited you ladies over." Whitey said. "Very glad indeed."

Over the course of the next week, I lose count of the number of times that the three of us fucked and sucked each other. Even when we went out of the apartment, we looked for a spare moment that we could either fondle or kiss each other.

Yes, we definitely gave the term ‘Friends with benefits' a whole new meaning that week.

Rochelle Della Crème 

Detroit, MI

USA