 She stood outside the gate, terrified. Admittedly in the past few years she'd grown used to being attractive, and the sudden fear of rejection added to her nerves.

She pressed in his number and he groggily answered. "Do you want to get some breakfast?" she asked in the sweetest voice she could muster, considering she was getting chilled. She could hear the confusion in his voice when he answered in the affirmative. He really must have been asleep, she thought, it's a wonder he heard the phone. "Then maybe you should let me in." Through the gate she could see him look through the curtains and she saw him smile, a warm smile that she missed seeing, missed causing. She closed her eyes to let his image warm her. She squeaked in surprise as the gate swung open and roused her from her meditation. She felt her entire body shift from its status quo. Her heart jumped into her throat, she felt herself blush all over, felt her pulse thump and last but not least she felt her pussy twitch violently with nostalgia to see him standing there in just his jeans. He was tanner then last time she'd seen him, more muscular too, not big scary veiny muscles, but the kind that with your eyes closed you can trace out his amazing body with your finger tips.

As she sucked in some air she almost whispered "Hi, are we just gonna stand here or are you gonna play host and let me in?" She met his eyes for a moment and realized that he'd been thoroughly re-acquainting her shape with his eyes. She stood a little tall for a girl, with breasts that just about filled his hands, though she knew that her real selling point to men was her curvy hips and ass, which is why when he stepped aside to let her in she did her best sexy walk. She headed for the tiny house and then spun on her heels; "in or out" he looked dazed for just a moment and told her to get inside. 

"You look nice." He said in a dishearteningly matter-of-fact kind of way. She knew she looked good, that was the point. She'd worn the same grey pants as the day they'd met, which had originally drawn his attention to her ass, and a dusty rose corset with various embellishments that had originally been intended for their first time. She'd devoted extra time to her hair and make-up, making her lips look wet, her eyes look exceptionally green and making sure there wouldn't be any of her dark blond hair in the way for the eventual assault his mouth would hopefully make on her neck. "You haven't been thrown at an ugly tree either," she smiled as she handed him breakfast, a large coffee and a warm muffin. 

As they sat on the bed and stared at each other intently she began to realize how nervous she was, and how very hard it was to breathe. She nibbled on her lip and tried to think of a subtle way to have him loosen her bindings. In his ever perceptive fashion he quirked an eyebrow and asked if he could help her. She swore she caught a hint of an Irish accent in there and shivered. She turned her back to him and gestured towards the bows. His hands gently moved over her shoulders and down her back, reflexively massaging her. He tugged at the satin ribbon and provided a little more room to breathe. As she took a deep breath in she thanked him and turned to hug him, they hugged a bit long for people that were supposed to be just friends now. When she pulled away there was a second where he stopped her. He stared straight at her, into her and she found it very hard to withstand that level of intensity, her eyes fluttered down to his lips and realized that they were barely an inch from each other. She breathed the word hi and looked back at his eyes. She saw things in those soft brown depths that she knew could be attributed to her; amusement, pain and anger, she looked harder to see if she could find any hint of the lust that he once had for her. Maybe there was, but her nerves wouldn't allow for her to have that much confidence.

He released her and she realized she was light headed; she lay down and hoped he would do the same. In a way they were both amazing actors, they knew their parts in the plot, and unlike most they could admit it. Many of these actions were calculated and he knew it, he already knew how badly she wanted him. Soon she felt his body press up against hers, and she felt his breath on her ear and the back of her neck as he chided her for waking him up at such an ungodly hour. They drifted off to sleep for a while with his arm holding her tight to him. For all the damage she'd done, now that she was here he didn't want her to leave.

When she woke up she immediately knew something was wrong and she turned to look at him. He looked terrified and enraged mumbling various things she couldn't make out. He was still asleep and having a god awful nightmare, by the looks of it. She turned over and tried to comfort him, tried to wake him. "Baby its okay, wake up it's just a silly dream." She murmured this over and over again as she kissed him... his cheeks, his forehead, his eyelids even his nose. He opened his to see that her corset had rearranged her breasts in a particularly appealing fashion and when he looked at her he could see all the love and concern in her face. "You okay? What was that?" She asked, he heard her voice crack like she was trying not to cry. After a few deep breaths he answered that he was fine "... dreaming of dark, dark days" the way he said it let her know it was about their break up. 

"Did you kiss me? Or was that part of the dream?" 

"Guilty as charged, didn't kiss you on the mouth if it's any comfort."

"Well, no not particularly, would have been a pleasant way to wake up."

"Well I wanted to..."

As she uttered the words she again realized the proximity of their lips. "Are you gonna stone wall me when I kiss you in 2 seconds?"

"Meybe" he said as a huge smile crossed his face... he knew she liked it when he said maybe like that and deep inside he didn't know whether or not he'd let her kiss him.

She had grown tired of being calculating, and making strategic moves, if he didn't want her any more she'd find out soon. She didn't feel herself move, she did feel their lips touch and every fiber of her body did a back flip as her hands slid up his arms to his shoulders while they kissed. She gently bit his bottom lip and felt a tiny moan rip through him. He flicked her lips with his tongue and felt a jolt go through her. Somehow they'd gotten all turned about on the bed. He pinned her small wrists above her head with one hand and let his other hand roam all over her body, every once a while feeling her body arch to prolong contact while their kissing intensified. He'd managed to get between her legs, which immediately wrapped around him. They fucked though their clothing; she could feel her tiny panties getting soaked as his hard cock kept pressing against her. He tore his mouth from hers and went after her neck; licking, biting, kissing. Between gasps she managed to get out "I think it's time that I pay off my debt to you." 

At this he froze and slowly pulled away and searched her face for any signs of humor or obligation. There was nothing that could be called obligation in her eyes, although he could see her growing amusement at his confusion. He let her push him onto his back and she climbed on top of him and kissed him deeply. She smiled and started kissing her way down his body. As she neared the bulge in his pants she became daunted by the task at hand. Months ago she'd promised him the best blow job she was capable of, she wasn't sure what to do, what if her best wasn't good enough? She kissed his shape through the denim and she dragged her soft fingertips along the inside of the waist band. Before she went for the button and zipper she looked at him for any sign of approval. He was sucking on his lip a little and she knew how much that tiny gesture meant. She continued to ogle him as she undid his pants. God, he was hot. She slid his pants off and was greeted with a beautiful sight, his hard cock waiting for her to make it feel good. Normally there's something missing but he had everything; a beautiful soul, face, body, and a cock that would make most produce feel insignificant. She glided her hand up and down the shaft for a few moments and then licked him from base to tip. He sucked in some air and that helped with her nerves and she felt less timid. She swirled her tongue around the head as her hand attended to the rest of him. Soft sounds were escaping him, urging her on. She began to work her mouth further down his cock, she had no hope of getting it all in her mouth but that didn't mean she wasn't going to try. 

She'd forgotten how horny sucking a good hard cock made her. She felt him sliding in and out of her hot, wet little mouth and silently prayed that'd he'd fuck her senseless when she was through. The thought of him entering her for the first time made her moan and the moan went right into him. She tried to keep her own hand from moving to her breast, it wouldn't help anyway with the corset there, and she realized she was out of breath in a painful fashion. She started fiddling with the dozen or so hook-and-eyes on the side of her corset and decided that course of action was useless. She let his cock come out of her mouth but made sure to keep her hand moving. 

"Either you need to cum really soon or you need to help me out of this thing."

"Get over here... sexy silly girl with your amazingly sexy impractical clothing"

She swiveled her body so that he could have access to her side and she could go back to sucking on him. Less than a minute later the corset fell from her body. He considerately moved it to a safe place and he could feel her mouth smile around his cock. He also realized that she was being none too subtle about palming her own breast and the little noises she was making were driving him crazy. He started to undo her pants and realized that her panties were made of the same impossibly soft material as her corset and his cock twitched in her mouth. He was getting closer, and that was getting her hotter. He slid her pants the rest of the way down, snaked a finger around her panties and slid it inside her. The giddy whimper that went through her reverberated down the length of his cock and up his body. He felt he'd resisted the urge to lick her long enough; he pulled one of her legs to the other side of him and started going down on her. As her head bobbed up and down on his cock he licked her clit and finger fucked her until she was easily having the most intense sexual experience of her life.

She felt the pressure building up inside her and for a moment she was upset, this was supposed to be for him, but that thought quickly passed as she felt herself go over the edge, she continued to suck on him and felt his body go rigid as she felt his cum pool on her tongue. She felt so happy to have put him over the edge, she'd waited so long to do it, and she'd forgotten how good it felt for him to go down on her... they should make an award for that. He would be the champion easily.

"Get up here." He said pulling her from her thoughts.

"Did I do okay?" she said with her best angel eyes, after all it was supposed to be for him.

"Are you kidding me? It was stellar" He smiled and kissed her. 

They kissed for a long, long time and fell asleep entirely wrapped up in each other.