 I'd recommend reading Chapter One to get to know these folks before proceeding on; not a requirement, just a suggestion.

This Chapter contains equal parts of reality and fiction; as always the incriminating parts disguised as they should be.

As always, I welcome constructive criticism, understanding that no written product is ever perfect, and that improvement can only result from objective readers. Whether you hate this missive for some reason, or enjoy it, any feedback would be welcome.

Please enjoy this chapter of the adventure.



Instead of heading towards town however, Beth aimed the car towards the wilderness beaches of Waianae and the end of paved highway at the north of the island. The holidays were over, and the further north we traveled, the less traffic we encountered until at last, we ran out of highway altogether. Dirt road was all that remained in front of us, and Beth had no fear as she pushed the car over ruts and runoffs to reach the most isolated beaches on the island.

Finally reaching what appeared to be a totally isolated stretch of beach, she pulled the car off into the bushes on the high side of the dirt road and parked. Looking over at me, she winked and began to take off her clothing; all of it! Taking my cue from her, I was soon as naked as she was, but as I finished I saw that she'd already taken off across the road towards the beach! Not wanting her to get too far ahead of me, I raced after her.

We reached the breakwater at nearly the same time, and watching her dive into the surf I soon followed. Finally catching up to her, we both floated in the water, gasping for air. Her hair was plastered over her head, she was as wildly primitive as I'd ever seen anyone! Laughing, she jumped on me, grinding her body against me, wrapping her arms around my head, and mashing her lips against mine! I never wanted that minute to go away, as we splashed wildly in the surf.

Finally, the effects of the warm lagoon water, and the proximity to an extremely sexy, naked woman began to take its toll on me, and my cock began to think of better things to do with this unique opportunity and began to grow. Seeing Beth freewheeling in the water made me hope that she was on the same wavelength as me.

Since the incoming waves made coupling a bit difficult, I broke loose from her tight grip, and putting my arm around her waist, I marched her towards the beach, aiming us back towards the car and a little bit of seclusion. As we broke from the water, however, we discovered that our little piece of paradise had already been discovered by others; a trio of young ladies, accompanied by an equally young man.

Two of the ladies had discarded their bikini tops in favor of a risqué (for the 60's) topless look, and the remaining girl and the young man were apparently an item, walking along the beach, hand in hand. They had been engrossed in some kind of conversation, but we all noticed each other about the same time.

Surprised, the small group stopped in their tracks, simply watching a very naked Beth and me emerging from the water and making our way back up to the road. Beth, after the initial shock of discovery, began laughing and turning towards the group, waved to them before heading back towards our intended destination. The two topless ladies waved back, and we heard the sound of cheerful laughing behind us as we approached the car.

Undeterred, Beth pulled a blanket out of the car, and paying no attention to the stares of the two couples, dropped to her knees in front of me and began sucking my cock in a frenzy! I had my hands alongside her head as she bobbed up and down, but feeling the eyes of the strangers on my back was making me a bit edgy, and I knew if I turned around to see where they'd ended up, I would expose Beth's nakedness to them all.

Beth solved the whole issue by taking her head off my cock, pulling me down on the blanket with her, and positioning me on top of her, spreading her legs. She was breathing in quick ragged gasps, but I remember her hissing into my ear as she pulled me deep into her pussy, "Now! Fuck me now! I'm so fucking hot!"

Taking but a moment to prepare for what was to come, I glanced over towards the beach to check on the location of our surprised 'guests,' and discovered that they'd moved to within 30 feet of where we were about to fuck our brains out! Feeling a quick pang of jealousy at the full exposure of Beth's 'charms' to an entire group, I quickly noted that they had apparently used our 'moment' to initiate some action of their own.

The two topless young ladies were caressing each other's bodies as they occasionally glanced over at our action, and the other couple were preoccupied with each other's erotic explorations. My jealousy quickly turned into lust, and I began pounding into Beth's cunt with swift, urgent strokes. I'd never seen her hotter, bucking her hips into me as we quickly came to a mutual mind-blowing orgasm!

Shaking my head, it finally dawned on me what we'd done! We'd just wildly fucked each other in the presence of an audience! As we slowly moved our heads towards the direction of our audience, we discovered that all four of them were now engaged in their own performances, and that ours had been forgotten. One of the topless ladies was now standing naked, her partner's face buried deeply into her crotch. The other couple was kneeling on the sand, the man taking the girl from behind, her bikini top pushed up to reveal her rather generously endowed tits, now receiving the full attention of her partner's hands.

Giggling, Beth soon got up, shook out the blanket, and urged us into the car. She said, "See what you started? Now let's get out of here before you get us put into jail!" I was about to snap a quick reply back at her, but she was already rummaging around the back seat for her bikini bits. So, I simply found my trunks and pulled them back on, grabbed my keys and aimed us back towards the apartment.

Arriving back at the apartment, we discovered that the memory of our experience on the beach that day was enough to keep our sexual motors revving for the remainder of the evening and into the night! I'll have to confess that the following morning had finally brought me to a sexual standstill. I...was...sore! Fortunately, Beth confessed that she needed a rest as well, and we declared the weekend a 'neutral zone,' at least until we could muster up enough strength to continue.

Sunday evening however, I again began to experience the feeling of 'all good things must come to an end.' Beth received a call from her sister, announcing their return from the mainland on Tuesday evening, and that she'd have to make preparation for her return to San Diego. Needless to say, we definitely planned to make Monday and Tuesday as memorable as possible, and exchanged addresses and phone numbers; just in case we ever were to have an opportunity to meet up once more.

Monday turned out to be a perfectly dismal day; rain, heat, and humidity taking the starch and energy out of everything and everybody. Coupled with the news that Beth would be returning to the mainland this coming Thursday, we simply sat on the couch in my apartment and cuddled. Yeah, that's right; we cuddled. It just seemed like the right thing to do at the time. I'd found that in her short visit into my life, I'd grown more fond of her than I'd had with anyone else, and the thought of her leaving soon depressed the hell out of me. Her attitude towards me indicated that she pretty much thought the same.

After a brief break for a late lunch and a couple of beers, our cuddling began to turn into something a bit more passionate, and before long, we were both absolutely nude and running our hands and lips over any part of each other's body we could reach. Tasting each other, smelling each other, and simply feeling each other seemed to satisfy our need for each other's company for the moment, but our desire was increasing.

Finally, Beth rolled me over onto my back and mounted my hips, positioning my cock at the entrance to her cunt. Slowly she lowered her body onto mine, pressing her pussy down the shaft of my cock until she bottomed out at her cervix. Sitting there for a few moments, I suddenly felt her cunt muscles gently massaging me, sending little electric shocks into my groin. Soon, she began moving; slowly, ever so slowly, up and down my cock, bringing my sexual senses to new and intense heights!

Looking up at her, I noted that her eyes were closed, head thrown back. While I couldn't tell what she was thinking at that moment, I knew quite clearly what was on my mind. I'd miss this woman, who had become such an important part of my life right now. Her beautiful breasts, nipples taut with passion were beckoning, inviting my touch, which I willing applied with my hands, turning and tweaking them between my fingers as she sighed with pleasure.

Soon she placed her hands on my shoulders, and began rotating her pelvis on mine, causing my cock to reach everywhere within her pussy, and I knew that I wasn't going to last much longer. Suddenly, I felt something warm and wet drop onto my face. Looking up at her face, I thought it might have been a drop or two of sweat from her exertions, but it soon became apparent that she was silently crying. The addition of that bit of emotion was all it took to bring me to a gut-wrenching orgasm, sending pulse after pounding pulse of cum deep into her body.

Feeling me jerk into her hips, Beth fell into her own shattering climax, and I felt her cunt grip my cock tighter than I'd felt up until now. It was if she were binding me to her physically, her knees tightly squeezing against my ribs. Exhausted, she flopped down on my chest, and tucked her face into the crook of my neck. As my cock slowly softened within her body, I pressed her into my arms, and gently rubbed up and down her back. Together we fell into a well-earned sleep.

Tuesday morning came awfully fast, and after cleaning ourselves up and getting a little lunch, we began rounding up those belongings of hers that had slowly migrated to my apartment over the past week so that she could take them back to her sister's apartment. It's amazing how much more than a toothbrush an apartment can accumulate when a young lady makes a move, however temporary or minor. We were both pretty depressed during this operation, but we'd resolved to stay in touch.

Since her sister's plane was scheduled to arrive at Honolulu International at 3:15 pm, we did a quick survey of our late 'playground' to make sure no obvious evidence of our activities remained, and tried to give her apartment a 'lived-in' appearance before the return of her family. She wasn't sure that it would be an important issue or not, but she wasn't willing to take a chance. The one thing we did pass on, though, was our initial impulse to have one more 'quickie' before we left; we were both a bit 'bummed' about her imminent departure the following Thursday.

Since I was essentially healed, I accepted her request to accompany her to the airport to pick up the returnees, opting to drive their station wagon rather than my VW convertible. Didn't take a lot of thinking there, I guess... We were both silent on the way to the airport, each of us lost in our own thoughts. I wasn't sure about her, but I was already beginning to experience a profound sense of loss, and she was still sitting here beside me.

Although the absence had been only a week and a half or so, the reunion was 'girlie' emotional, both of the sisters laughing, crying, embracing and trying to talk at the same time. Bob and I played our parts appropriately; shaking hands, slapping backs, and shaking our heads over the antics of the women. Soon we were on our way back to the project, Bob and me in the front in silence, Barb and Beth in the back, just chatting away.

Once we arrived at the projects, I assisted the group with the luggage, and just generally tried to appear all around helpful. Once the dust had settled, I felt like it was time to take my leave, and allow the family to catch up on news. Announcing my departure to my own apartment, Barb suddenly rushed up to me, embraced me, and thanked me for taking such good care of her sister. Turning her head to kiss me on the cheek, I had the bad (?) timing to turn to tell her it was no problem, and her kiss landed right on my lips!

A look of surprise flashed across her face, but recovering quickly she finished the kiss in true style, running her tongue across my lips before backing away, winking at me! I finished what I'd meant to say, telling her that her sister had gotten me back to 100%, and had been most excellent company as well while they were away. If she only knew how excellent! Perhaps reading something in my comments, Barb looked a little askance at me for just a moment, before a smile broke across her face and she returned to the unpacking taking place behind her.

Returning to my apartment, I immediately felt the emptiness that Beth's absence had already created in my life. Opening a cold beer and turning on the TV, I became resolved to retreat into my old bachelor ways once more. The problem was, I couldn't concentrate on anything right now; not the beer, not the TV, not the thought of what I was going to do from now on.

Finally, after several hours of pouting, and feeling sorry for myself, I turned the TV off and got ready to go to bed. As I was about to turn off the living room light, I heard a knock at the door! Since it was late, I cautiously checked to see who was outside, and was surprised to discover that it was Beth! In a nightgown! 

When I opened the door, she leapt into my arms, showering my face with kisses! Pulling her into my living room, I turned to her with questions all over my face. Catching her breath, she blurted out that after a rather long conversation regarding the events of the past week, Barb thought that we needed to be together before her departure back to school on Thursday. Kicking the door shut with her foot, she turned to me and began pushing me back into the bedroom.

Once she'd pushed me through the bedroom door, she said, "Hang onto your socks, sailor-boy! This is going to be a pretty bumpy ride!" A bumpy ride it was, but it was one that I wouldn't have missed for the world. This woman was insatiable. Not that I had any reason to complain, mind you... It was just that she kept blaming me for her increased sexual drive. From my viewpoint, I was just along for the 'bumpy-ride.'

As usual, morning came much too quickly, but Beth had promised Barb that she'd return today to help her continue unpacking what they'd brought back from the mainland visit. I was again left to myself, but I was encouraged by the probability that I'd see Beth before the day was through.

Sure enough, around 3:00 pm Beth stopped by long enough to invite me to dinner at Barb and Bob's apartment that evening at 7:00 pm. Barb's cooking skills were legendary amongst the friends that they had over to the apartment from time to time, but I'd never had an opportunity to be invited to one of her 'events' before now. So, I had a double delight; I could spend a bit more time with Beth, and...I could finally have an opportunity to taste some of Barb's wonderful home cooking.

The evening went exceptionally well, and the food tasted exquisite. Bob was his usual blustery self, pounding down beer after beer until Barb finally had to apologize to us and put him to bed. Returning to the table, Barb began reminiscing about the early days of growing up with Beth, causing Beth to start kicking her under the table. Laughing, Barb continued with the stories until all three of us were laughing hysterically! Truly, this was the most fun I'd had with my neighbors (or neighbor) since I'd moved next to them.

Not surprisingly, Beth accompanied me back to my apartment for her final night in Hawaii. Also not surprisingly, I was eternally grateful that she did. Her flight left in the morning around 11:45 am, so we couldn't mess around too much, but it was a treat just to lay next to each other, touching and kissing. To say that I was growing a bit fond of her would have been a grand understatement, and I wanted to be a part of her life as long as possible.

As usual, morning came much too quickly. As a matter of fact, Barb had to wake us up by pounding on my door to make sure that Beth would make it to the airport on time. But, we all made it in fine style, and all that remained was the emotional good-byes. And emotional they were... After her sister and brother-in-law had declared their goodbyes, it was finally our turn. After having resolved to be stoic about the whole exercise, we both broke our rules and ended up hiding our tears by our long, long embrace at the tarmac.

-----------------

I finally got back to work at the medical clinic, and after a short 'honeymoon' period as the local hero, things got back to normal. The usual illnesses, injuries, and wild rides in the ambulance at night. Before long, the routine had sucked up nearly 5 weeks of time since I bade farewell to Beth at the airport. Bob and Barb were soon to be transferred to Camp Pendleton, just outside of San Diego, and within shouting distance of where Beth was finishing her nursing degree.

Beth was sending me notes nearly every week about her school classes, friends, and the absolute 'shit-head' roommate that she'd allowed to share the cost of her apartment near the University. Apparently, her roommate was a bit of a slut, and every now and then Beth had to toss her roommate and her latest 'stud-muffin' out of the place because her 'partner of the moment' would figure that she (Beth) was part of the bargain, and begin pestering her.

A couple of weeks before their transfer back to the mainland, on a very humid, hot evening, Barb dropped in to see me. She looked as though she'd just jumped out of the shower; her hair was damp, plastered on her head in disarray, and the sun dress that she had on was wet as well, hanging on her body most provocatively. Although she had a bra on, it was damp as well, and the air conditioning in my apartment was causing a most alarming effect on her nipples, which were now aimed at me like miniature gun barrels.

Swearing a bit, she apologized to me for her intrusion on my evening, but she explained that something had gone wrong with her air conditioning and her apartment had become insufferably hot and humid. Bob was on duty that night, so he could be of no help, so she was wondering if I would be kind enough to check it out. I had nothing better to do that evening so of course, I said yes.

Since she was drenched in sweat, she asked if she could use my shower to freshen up a bit while I was checking her air conditioning out, and when I agreed she returned to her apartment to pick up a change of clothing while I got some work clothes on and a few tools. We passed each other on the landing, and I heard her thanking me as I stepped through her doorway.

It was soon apparent what the problem was, a common one with these old window units. The exhaust grill was completely frozen over, so the simplest solution was to turn it off, and let the ice thaw out. Then it could be cleaned out with the reverse blow of a vacuum cleaner. In the meantime, I rigged up one of her room fans to blow air against the grill to hasten the thaw. I'd check it out later this evening to finish the work so that she could get some comfortable sleep.

Returning to my apartment, I was reminded that I too, was drenched in sweat after my work in Barb's apartment, so I cautiously checked to see if Barb had finished freshening up. Spotting her in her bathrobe in the hallway between my bathroom and bedroom, shaking her hair with a towel, I quickly explained the problem to her, telling her that it would take a little time for the 'fix' to take place. Inviting her to stay for a while and watch some TV, I told her that she could grab some beer from the fridge while I took my own shower.
