 I laughed a little to myself as I navigated the busy New York City streets. 'I am a pedi-cab driver!' i thought to myself. It still seemed a little surreal. 

I come from a relatively wealthy family in New Jersey. I study accounting at school, and am likely to take over my dad's business one day, but for this summer off I had disappointed him by telling him I wanted to live in the city and had taken a 'job' riding a pedicab for tourists. He told me if that's what I wanted to do I'd need to pay my own way, that he wasn't going to pay one dollar. I didn't tell him I just wanted to get away, and of course, fuck as many girls as possible.

The inspiration came one night when my friends and I were bar hopping in the West Village and I had seen some drunk girls in the back of a pedicab. One of the girls flashed her tits at us as they rode past. At that moment I thought...what a cool job, the guy gets to ride around with pretty girls who are naive and drunk. 

For some reason I couldn't get that idea out of my head. Why couldn't I be that guy, at least as a summer job? It turned out there was no reason at all, they were happy to have a 'responsible' kid on board. I found a shitty apartment to rent for a couple of months. My priority was that it was downtown and that I didn't have to share. I picked it specifically to take girls back to. 

Overall, the job was a drag. I did need to make some money and most of my clients were older tourists, often overweight. They tipped well but it was hard work. Others were drunk people out on the town, often tourists who didn't tip well. The reason I took the job, my 'plan' actually did work a few times that summer...four to be exact. 

On my first night riding I actually ended up fucking a woman who must have been 15 years older than me. She was in town for a convention and had stayed out drinking after her colleagues had gone home. She was pretty looped and said she didn't even remember where her hotel was, she said it was a 'big tall one near Times Square'. I looked her up and down. She was a little overweight and her hair was not well kept, but she was pretty and I actually liked big asses. I decided to just be direct and suggested she could stay at my place which wasn't far. She seemed surprised, but after a beat she laughed and said 'why not?' When we got in my little room I wasn't subtle. I pulled her close, kissed her, and she responded. I put my hands up her skirt and started feeling her big ass and she pushed herself against me. Soon I had her on all fours over my futon fucking her hard, almost angrily. She loved it and was impressed when I could go again shortly after. She seemed grateful to suck my cock, telling me how long it had been since she had done this. She stayed the night and the next morning realized she had the hotel address on her phone.

I thought I might get laid every night, but the next time my 'plan' worked, it was almost a month later and much more complicated. There was this young couple from Denmark, maybe 19 or 20. They had been drinking and asked where else they should go. I took them to a dive bar where I knew they wouldn't check id and let them buy me a drink. As we talked I found the girl, Anya, to be the more extroverted and even quite flirty. The guy didn't seem to love it, but he accepted it and I decided to see how far I could take it. When she put her hand on my leg while telling me a story, I did the same to her, and when neither of them protested I let it go up further, stroking her sensually. It was only at this point I thought I might actually get to fuck her. She was no beauty but she had long blonde hair and a tight young body. I knew they were staying at generic Hilton Garden and suggested they should come to my place and see what it was really like to live in NYC. He demurred but she liked the idea. I told them it was nearby, that I had some weed and soon Anya was pushing her boyfriend to go. It was pretty clear she usually got her way and soon I was pedaling them to my apartment. 

When we got there I could see by the look on his face that he was extremely unimpressed, and I quickly rolled us a big joint to smoke. We all sat on my bed/futon and the vibe got more relaxed. Unfortunately he sat between Anya and I so it wasn't easy to make a move.

When Anya complained about how sore her feet were from walking all day I volunteered that I could offer an excellent foot rub. She laughed and told me to prove it and soon I had moved beside her. She faced me and proffered her feet. I tried not to make it obvious that I had a clear view of her panties as I rubbed one foot, anxious to make her moan which I did. When I went to change feet, she let the one I had been holding fall into my lap where it brushed against my hard cock. She did not move it, and by the way she looked me in the eyes it was almost like she was daring me to make a move. I pushed it further, starting to rub her calf, then her upper leg. 

Anya's boyfriend seemed to almost be pretending this wasn't happening as he smoked beside her. I felt like I had to take the moment to push it further, but was unsure how to do so. I decided I would have to just be the alpha and 'own' it, so I grabbed both her legs, pulled her towards me and got on top of her. She gave no resistance so I kissed her hard. I pretended like her boyfriend wasn't ever there, even though my head bumped against him at one point as I started to dry hump Anya. She was clearly loving it and, deciding this wasn't the right moment to have a lot of foreplay, I pulled down her panties, pulled out my cock and pushed into her. She was already wet and it felt amazing. I was a little distracted by her boyfriend being right there with us though, even though he just sat there, kind of looking but not staring. I decided I needed to face away from him so I pulled her off the couch and got her on her knees. She took the cue and started to suck on my cock, clumsily but eagerly. It was actually hot to see her sneak looks at her boyfriend with her mouth filled with my cock. When I started to cum I pulled out and sprayed all over her face. She did not seem to expect this but went with it and waited until I was finished to clean herself. I had them out the door within 10 minutes after that.

I had another dry spell after this, but in early August I once again got what I had come to the city for. This time there were three Indian girls, all cute, all in their twenties. They had hailed another pedicab but since only two will fit they waved at me to take a third. Two of the girls were pretty drunk and rambled about how this was their first time in NYC, and they wanted to go a club one girl had on her phone. It was in the West Village, about seven blocks from my place. I was hoping to get one of the drunk girls to ride with me, but the more sober seeming one insisted she go alone, almost like she wanted a break from them. It was a long ride to the bar and I asked the girl, her name was Anika, what they were in town for. She surprised me by saying it was her bachelorette party. She was from a wealthy family in Mumbai, and her father had taken her and her friends to New York. Tonight was the one night her and her friends got to go out on their own.

"I thought we would have a great time, but they got drunk so quickly." Anika said wistfully. "I wanted it to be a night to remember."

I tentatively asked if it was an 'arranged' marriage and she answered in her rather proper accent, "Not exactly, but it is very Mom and Dad approved. The safe choice." She looked at the passing cityscape and again I saw she seemed disappointed. 

"So tonight was supposed to be...dangerous?" I asked with some innuendo. I looked at her closely in the mirror and saw she had a nice body and was exposing a good amount of leg under her skirt. 

Anika smiled a little and I saw in the mirror she was quite beautiful. "Yes...I hoped...I don't know..."

My cock stirred a little imagining what it would be like to fuck this cutie. 

"It's not too late." I started, unsure where to go from there. I had been rejected with my direct approach many times in the past weeks and didn't want to offend her, but not having any better lines I added. "We could head to my place, it's not far."  

Anika's eyes widened, and she looked at me with a mix of shock and amusement. She looked me up and down, seeming to stop at my now well built legs which were displayed for her as I wore shorts.

"I...couldn't." She giggled a little and that put me at ease. "My friends..."

"You could just tell them you changed plans?" I said, knowing it was a longshot.

"No." she said rather firmly. "I...couldn't risk...they would talk and my father..."

I told her I understood and her face softened. 

"I guess...we could make out a little?" she said softly.

"I don't know" I said coyly, smirking, "that sounds a bit 'dangerous'"

I had seen a small alley off a quiet side street nearby and started to peddle to it. At least I could get a good feel, I thought as I smiled at her in the mirror. 

I pulled the pedicab so it blocked the alley a little and took Anika by the hand. She seemed excited but also leery. I didn't say anything, but pinned her against the wall. I heard some people talking as they walked by and tried to make sure Anika was too distracted to think about it. I pushed my hard cock against her and wised we were alone in my apartment. Anika responded, kissing me hard back. I put my hands up her skirt so I was groping both her big ass cheeks. We made out like this for a while but when I loved my hand to her front she stopped me. She seemed to see my disappointment then gave me a little smile. She unzipped my shorts and pulled out my hard cock and started stroking it, still looking me in the eyes. I groaned then she looked around. Seeing nobody, she dropped to her knees and started to suck me off right there in the alley. I took a look around, and feeling we were at least aline for the moment, gave in and watched her try take me in her mouth. 

"Mmmm...if only your fiance could see you now." I said. I regretted it immediately, but she seemed to like it, looking at at me and sucking faster. 

"Your mouth full with another man's cock...on your knees in the street..." The taunting seemed to turn her on but also me. I shot into her mouth and she made sure to swallow it all. 

Anika was the highlight of the summer, at least until my last night in town, which blew all the previous experiences away.