 Driving down the neon lit road, I'm in the passenger seat of the rental car and I drop the visor to check myself out before we get to our destination. 

My low cut blouse is showing off my cleavage sufficiently, the fabric of my tight black skirt feels great against my skin, my panty less ass feeling every bit of it. I tug at my blouse a bit and my husband chuckles.

"Don't fret; you look 100% fuck-a-licious"

I laugh and get a flock of butterflies in my stomach as he slows down and I see the neon sign for the "boutique , selling adult novelties and adult movies and offering a 20 booth arcade for onsite viewing. Fuck, did I really agree to this? This whole thing came about in the last two hours, right about the time my vodka intake reached "why the fuck not" levels.

My husband is playing the quiet, stoic badass role he is so good at. His swagger gives me my confidence and as I really think about it again, I must admit I am full on ready to be a crazy slut tonight.

We get out of the rental car and head towards the door, my husband holding my hand. He pulls the door open and holds it for me. I walk in as the buzzer sounds and I look around. Wow, really nice place, I think to myself, really clean and well lit. My husband ushers us past the counter to the toy section. On the way I look around and make mental notes to who I see. A couple of strippers picking out g-strings I'm guessing, a nice looking young couple looking at dvds and one stereotypical lonely looking dude acting like he's looking at pocket pussies but eyeing me the entire time. 

We start to peruse the selection of suction cup dildos and I have it down to two or three in short order. I ask my husband if he has an opinion, and he just says "It's your pussy baby, I don't have a say in it."

I laugh probably a little too loud. The clerk asks if he can help us find anything and immediately begins to tell us the different benefits of the dildos we are looking at. I stop him, trying not to be rude, and say "I'm a bit of a connoisseur honey, I'll take this one."

I hand him a thick 8" lifelike, veiny suction cup dildo and smile.

"Fair enough, you know your stuff!" he says and heads towards the counter. We follow and my husband pays for the toy and some lube. After the transaction for the dildo, my husband then asks for a pre-paid card for the booths. The clerk obliges, my husband takes the card and our black plastic bag and off we walk down a dark hallway. My husband leads me without hesitation to where he wants us to go. It's almost as if he's scouted this place out, wink-wink.

He opens the door to the booth and I am amazed at the size. It is really clean and has much more room than I expected. I can't help but see the large frosted glass window that takes up most of the wall to the left of the video screen. A bench runs along the back wall, with the money/card slot and video controls to the right of the bench. My husband pushes me the rest of the way in as I gawk at the surroundings and closes and latches the door behind us. He inserts the card into the slot and porn appears on the screen in front of us. "Pick something you like" he says to me as he pulls our new toy out of the bag. 

Wow, I think, this is some fancy place. The videos have a menu and sub categories and everything. I find the group sex channel and land on some nice looking foursome action. My husband has the toy out and ready to go. He pats the seat next to him. I sit and we watch a few minutes of fucking, my husband's hands up my skirt and unbuttoning my blouse. I lean back and lift a leg over his as he teasingly runs his finger along my pussy lips and pinches my nipple. "I think you're ready" he whispers.

"The clerk isn't going to kick us out?" I ask, my pussy wanting him to slip those fingers in, not linger at my lips.

"This is the coolest place ever. We paid, we are clean, as long as we don't go rouge and I keep money in and videos playing, they don't care what we do." He says, pinching my nipple for emphasis on "what we do".

"OK, let's do this" I say

He sits up and removes his hands from me and hands me the dildo. "Place it at a good height for you baby." he says.

I stand up in front of the frosted glass wall and line up the dildo near the bottom of the glass, right at the edge of it. Before sticking it to the glass I turn around and bend over, looking back to see how I line up. Once I think I've got a good spot, I lick my fingers then wet the suction cup and place it on my mark on the wall/window. 

I bend over to line up and my husband assists me by lifting my skirt up over my ass and helping guide me back onto our new toy. I feel his strong hands on my ass cheeks as he pulls them apart and helps line up the fake cock with my pussy. I can just reach out and steady myself on the opposite corner of the wall by the door. I feel the dildo at my lips and slowly slide back onto it, moaning out loud as I do. I catch myself and stifle my moan. My husband leans down and says to me "Make noise baby. Let people know"

I get the dildo in me and start to move back and forth on it, steadying myself on the screen and my husband's waist. I glance to the left and it's two women sucking a cock on screen and to my right, exactly at eye level is the bulge in my husband's slacks. Oh god, this hot...

"It's showtime baby!" my husband says and I see him reach over and hit a red button under the card slot for the video player. It says "buddy booth" on it and as he hits it, it starts to flash. A few seconds after he pushes it, the light in the room changes and my husband says "You have your first viewer!"

I glance back and I can see the frosted glass has gone clear. I can't see the person in the next booth. "Keep fucking yourself" my husband says. He reaches down and unbuttons my blouse. He begins to take it off me and I assist by moving my hands and arms accordingly. Soon he has unclasped my bra and my big tits are swinging free as I fuck myself for the viewing pleasure of this complete porn booth stranger. My husband begins to narrate for me.

"Oh, he likes you! He's got his cock out and his jaw is on the ground, he can't believe his luck baby. He's got a death grip on his short but fat cock. He's jerking to beat the band! Give him a good show, he's loving that ass! You like being watched, don't you baby? Like these strangers watch you fuck that sweet pussy with that fat toy? Makes you even hornier to know they're stroking to you, doesn't it? He's abusing that cock, wishing he was balls deep in you instead of that toy." 

My husband's words have me going crazy! I crane my neck and I can just barely make out the man next to us. My husband moves in front of me, and holds my hands. I push off him hard and fuck the window mounted cock. I hear the man next door say "Fuck that is hot!" muted through the glass. 

"He's going to shoot for you baby" my husband says "He's shooting into a wad of tissue, wishing he was painting your ass." 

I wish I could see him, but I can't look back enough to see him shoot. My husband's dirty encouragement has my crazy with lust though. 

"Enjoy the show?" I hear my husband ask the stranger

I hear a muted "Fuck yeah"

"Be cool and clean up before you leave, all right?" my husband says and he hits the red button and the frosted glass returns.

"What do you think babe? Having fun?" he asks

"Uh huh" I say, continuing to impale myself on my toy. In a matter of moments I see the button start to flash again. 

"We have another neighbor who wants a show" my husband says and hits our button. The booth lights up again. My husband helps me out of my blouse and bra and my tits are really swinging free, my skirt in a bunch at my waist, my black, modest heels the only item still being worm properly, LOL.

My husband reaches over and grabs my ass as I ease back and forth on the dildo. He squeezes my ass and kneads my cheeks for our viewer. "Oh, he likes this, he's hard as a rock and stroking for you baby. This guy's is hung. Long and veiny, you'd like this one baby."

My husband removes his hands for a moment and when returns he has lube on his fingers. I feel a slick finger begin to rub and probe my ass. I wrap one arm around my husband's leg and continue to fuck my window mounted toy as he drives his finger a little deeper into my ass with every thrust. 

"This guy wants to jump through the glass and be all over this ass baby. You're putting on a helluva show." My husband says, urging me on.

He removes his finger from my ass and steps back to where his back is against the wall and he is in front of me. I glance up and I see his hands on his belt. He undoes his pants and pulls out his raging hard on. Clearly he has been enjoying my show as well.

I take his cock into my mouth and don't mess around. I usually like to tease and entice for a while before taking his cock all the way in and sucking on him good and hard, but tonight I slip him in and have my nose to his pubes and balls to my chin in one swift motion. I begin the back and forth of sliding all the back onto my toy on the window and then back to a mouthful of his cock. I keep with this rhythm for what seems like hours as I lose myself in the pleasure I am giving and the pleasure I am receiving. I close my eyes and the sounds fill my head, porn grunting and dirty talk, my husband's groans and the muted grunts of appreciation from our neighbor. It is surreal and I lose myself in the moment.

My husband brings me back to reality. His breathing speeds up and I feel his muscles tense. I let his cock go from my mouth and ask him if he wants to cum on my tits, give the stranger a money shot. My husband grunts "Fuck yes, I'm going to cum, now!"

I slip off my toy and drop to my knees and to the side. My husband steps up with his cock in his hand and aims at my tits and just like that I have shot after shot of hot cum hitting my chest. I look to my right and past the pussy drenched toy hanging from the window I see a young black man, one hand full of tissue and the other furiously stroking his long, veiny cock. His eyes are wide and his jaw is clenched. Just about the time the last drop of cum is out of my man's cock, he aims into his hand full of tissue and cums himself. I hear his grunts and groans through the glass and I watch intently as he fills the tissue with his own load. MM a mighty big load at that, the tissue in hand barely contains it and actually drips as he steps back, breathing hard and sweat beaded up on his brow and he drops his cum soaked tissues in the trash can next to the screen. 

My husband says "Damn baby, you're getting us all off!" The young man next door smiles at me as he pulls up and zips up. He shouts through the glass "Damn that was hot!! Good show sexy mama!" I wave and smile at him from my knees, cum starting to slide down in between my tits. He chuckles and walks out and my husband hits the red button again and the glass goes opaque again.

My husband sits on the bench, pants around his ankles still. He hands me some tissues to wipe him off of me and asks if I'm having fun. I smile from my knees as I do my best to wipe up his load from my tits and tell he always knew how to show a girl a good time. We see a shadow through the frosted glass and the "buddy button" is flashing red again in no time. My husband chuckles and asks if I'm ready to go again. I stand up and say yes, but I'm going to change it up a little. I grab my toy and remove it from the glass with a pop as the suction cup comes off of the window. I put my foot up on the bench to left of my husband and start to rub my toy along my labia. I look at my husband and say "Let him see". He smiles and hits the button and leans back to enjoy the show as well.

The window goes clear and I see the man who had leaned in to see if he could get a glimpse through the glass before it went clear. When it went clear and he jumped back, surprised to see me standing in front of him, my skirt up to my waist and my foot up on the bench and a toy being slipped into my pussy, I thought he was going to pass out! His eyes widen, I smile and slide my toy inside me until it was bottoms out. I moan a bit as the fake balls touch my clit. He is a biker daddy looking type, leather jacket, denim jeans and a nice beard. He slips his cock out of his jeans and it is the definition of a fat cock. My god that is a thick dick and it is hard instantly and he is stroking it in time with my toy plunging into my pussy.

I kick my leg out as far as I can onto the bench and steady myself, one hand on the glass wall and the other pumping my toy inside me. My neighbor is as close to the glass as he can be while still managing to stroke his hard cock. We are face to face, each with one hand on the glass and the other pleasuring ourselves. 

I jump a bit when I feel my husband's hand on my ass again, slipping a lubed finger in my ass again. I look back and I see him leaning in, his dick in his hand once again hard, being stroked as he fingers my ass. 

The man in the next booth and my husband start to talk to each-

Neighbor-"You've got one hot woman there man"

Husband- "She is, isn't she?" She puts on a helluva show doesn't she? She loves men stroking to her"

Neighbor- "Who wouldn't stroke to those tits and that hot pussy getting filled?"

And so on it goes, my husband urging this stranger to talk to me, tell me how much he likes the show, what he'd do to me, all the while fingering my ass as I fuck myself with our brand new toy.

Next I feel my husband standing, pressing against me. His hard cock pressed against my ass, his finger still working in and out of my asshole, he takes his other hand and begins caressing my breast and squeezing my nipple as he whispers in my ear. 

"I'm going to fuck your ass with that dildo in your pussy in front of this big cocked stranger. Do you want him to see you get fucked baby?" He pinches my nipple and bites my ear "Shall we let him see you get the pleasure you crave?"

Fuck. I wouldn't have thought it possible but he makes me even hornier and more willing to let my wanton desires show.

"Fuck my ass and let him watch" I say breathlessly, aching for his cock.

My husband positions me at an angle where my face is towards the opposite corner of the booth, but not 180 degrees away from where I was. Just enough to where I can't see the glass wall anymore but the neighbor can still see my ass and pussy. "Brace yourself but keep one hand on that dildo. Keep fucking yourself." My husband tells me. I do as he says as I feel his slick cock head at my sphincter. The familiar feeling of the pressure of his cock, the stretching and closing around him, the slow steady filling of my ass, until I completely full, pussy and ass. 

The echoes of my moans shock me a little (Was that me? LO as my husband begins to fuck my ass. I can't see the man in the next booth any longer, but I hear him. "Fuck yes! Fuck her ass good man, fill her up!" My pleasure is interrupted briefly by a small chuckle as the term "What happens here stays here" randomly floats through my head.

My husband is lost, a wild man, fucking my ass with abandon to the urging of the stranger watching. I manage to keep my toy in my pussy, loving the fullness until I can't balance anymore. I need both hands in front of me to keep from getting driven through the wall by his thrusts. I feel the toy slip out and hear it hit the floor. My husband reaches down and around and starts rubbing my clit. I am lost as the orgasm washes over me. In the midst of my own orgasm I feel my man's come start to shoot inside me and hear the stranger grunting and mumbling something. 

I am trembling, near incoherent as I feel his cock slide out of my ass. I am on my elbows on the bench, my ass throbbing and clit still tingling as he exits me, still bare and up in the air as I rest my forehead on the bench and try to gather myself.

I hear the stranger. "Fuck, damn, that was fucking hot. Good fucking man, good fucking."

I hear my husband breathlessly say "Thanks" I open my eyes and look back, under my arm past my hanging tits and see my husband's shiny cock swaying as it softens and he pulls up his pants. He hits the red button and the wall goes white again. I stand, legs still a bit shaky, and turn to him. He reaches down, gathers my bra and blouse and extends his hand to give them to me. I adjust my skirt, take the items from him and say "Let's leave like this"

He smiles and opens the door to escort me out, my tits covered in dried cum and swinging free. I walk out, stopping at the booth door to kiss him deeply. "Fuck, I need another drink after all this" I say as we walk back towards the main shop, my bra and shirt in one hand and my pussy soaked toy in the other.