 Minnie burst through the door, full of energy. She was wearing her typical uniform, jeans and her uniform shirt, underneath was a red Henley type shirt that was unbuttoned all the way. Alan tried to look away but as she asked about his weekend and bent over to get the trash, he couldn't help but look down her shirt. Her cleavage was something to behold. Tanned and full, her breasts just begged to be seen. At least that was the excuse he gave himself when he came a microsecond from being caught looking. 

"So how are your toes?" She asked for the second time. He had been zoned out on her breasts the first time. 

"Umm, ok" he replied. 

"Really?" She asked. "It's been a long time since your last pedicure." 

"Well" he stammered sheepishly, "I did tear the sheet with my toenail getting into bed last night." 

"That settles it!" She explained, "Pedicure, Saturday 8:30 AM". 

"Ok" he said and she was off again moving at a frantic pace trying to get the building cleaned before she moved to the next one. 

Alan leaned back in his chair and though about her pedicure. The last one was so hot he had to rush home and take care of himself. She had worn that damned black dress he loved that showed way too much of her cleavage and was sort of wrapped around her waist. It seemed to have sort of another wrap that was almost like underwear but he couldn't figure it out. The main thing was last time she had sat crosslegged while working on his feet and he had an unobstructed view of her labia edging out of the wrap. Between the frequent cleavage and breast views, and the labia he had to leave quickly to avoid her seeing how rock hard he was. 

Work interrupted his thoughts and he was back at it. Before he knew it, it was Friday. He thought briefly about the pedicure before he went to sleep but by then had convinced himself it was just a pedicure. Nothing more. 

Alan drove to the shop being careful not to spill the bloody Mary's he had made. Morning appointments with Minnie always included Bloody Mary's. He walked into the shop and was great enthusiastically by Minnie. She chatted absently while drinking her Bloody Mary and setting up the massage/pedicure room for the pedicure. Alan was happy that it would be in this room because he liked the privacy. It wasn't exactly manly for a guy to have a pedicure and he really didn't like being out in the view. 

Minnie was wearing that same black dress that he loved but he tried not to think about it. "It's just a pedicure" he told himself. 

Minnie finished filling the foot bath and setting all her things out then stopped and took a big drink of her Bloody Mary before looking at Alan. 

"I don't think I can roll your jeans up over your calves." She said. "Your workouts have been working and those calves are huge." 

Alan blushed at her comment. 

"So" she continued "Why don't you just take them off?" It's better anyway, I am trying a new additive and it will stain clothes. Says right here on the tube." She waived it at him. 

"OK" he said. 

"Well?" She asked waiting. 

Alan blushed again and pulled his jeans off, laying them on the massage table. 

"Are those the Duluth underwear that you got for Christmas? She asked. 

"Yep" Alan replied. 

"Aren't they expensive?" Minnie asked. 

"Yeah, pretty expensive." Alan replied. 

"Let's not take any chances." Minnie said matter of factly. She handed him a hand towel and left the room. 

Alan pulled off his underwear and sat in the chair covering himself, mostly, with the towel. 

Minnie came back in the room. She pulled her dress up all the way to her waist and sat down. "I don't want to ruin my dress either." she declared as Alan stared, dumbstruck. 

Alan relaxed a little as Minnie began to work on his feet. She scrubbed them and clipped his nails while chatting away amiably. Alan tried not to stare but between her breasts practically falling out of the dress and her bare thighs, he was getting more and more aroused. 

Minnie finished whatever she was doing at about the same time as she finished whatever she was saying when Alan noticed the silence. She smiled at him and he saw her definitely looking at the towel now tented in his lap. 

She was done with the exfoliation and the trimming of the nails before Alan really was able to snap out of his dreamlike state. 

Minnie began to rub his toes on the left foot and worked her way slowly up his foot before beginning to work on his ankle and calf. She rested his heal on the chair between her lags and leaned into working on this calves. 

As she leaned his, his toes touched her labia and Alan felt the wet sensual feeling of them sliding up and down her pussy. 

The hand towel almost flew off of his cock as it sprang to attention. 

Minnie seemed not to notice as she continued to rub his calves and further up his leg. Just as Alan began to throb, she set his foot back down and began to do the same thing to his other foot. She rubbed his foot, then set it between her legs as she scooted forward. His toes were almost inside her when she began to stroke his calf. As she worked her way up his leg the cloth slid to the side and his big toe slid into her wet pussy. 

Alan was breathing hard as his cock was standing straight up, dangling the hand towel from it. For the first time, Minnie seemed to notice and slid her hands up his thighs and cupped his balls. She took the towel off of his cock and admired it for a moment before leaning forward and taking him into her mouth. 

Alan gasped as he felt her take him in her mouth. Minnie pushed more of his foot into her pussy at the same time. She moaned which drove Alan wild as she began to slowly slide him deeper into her mouth. 

Alan couldn't take any more and pulled his foot down and helped Minnie up off of his cock. He took control now and pushed her against the massage table while sliding her dress back up over her ass. He pulled the cloth aside and drove his throbbing cock deep into her pussy. Alan slid in slowly and steadily while Minnie gripped his cock like a vise with her strong vaginal muscles. They stayed this way for several minutes, slowly rocking back and forth in and out until Alan began to throb and his thrusts became more urgent. 

"My ass" Minnie begged, "please".

Alan looked around and found a tube of KY in her tray and squeezed some on his cock then rubbed a big dollop onto Minnie's hole. She moaned as he pushed it into her tight ass. He readied his cock and slowly began to push on her tight ring. Minnie moaned louder and pushed back against him until his thick head popped inside her.

Unable to contain himself, Alan grabbed Minnie's ass and drove his cock all the way into her ass. He thrust hard deep inside her while she squeezed his cock like a vise and moaned, louder and louder. Suddenly with a yell, Minnie came squeezing her ass impossibly tight on his cock and driving her ass back to meet him.. Alan began to cum and shot huge gobs of white hot spunk into her ass before collapsing on top of her. 

After several minutes Alan pulled his cock out of her with a loud plop. And fell into his chair. Minnie left to clean up in the bathroom while Alan collected himself and started to get dressed. As he put back the KY he looked at the tube of stuff Minnie had told him would ruin his clothes. Clearly on the label, it read "Will not harm or stain clothes."

Alan smiled and knew he'd been had.