 I took my shower one morning. I toweled off and walked into my bedroom. I pulled open the curtains. Across the way my neighbor lady was looking at my naked body. They had a high desk on the back of their porch. She could look directly into my room. Her name was Ruth as I recall. I didn't know much about them. Ruth and her husband had moved in around a month ago.

Ruth finally went back into her house. I figured what the hell, she got a good look at my dick. It was a few days later. I was just about to get into my car and leave. Ruth appeared and waved to me. I stopped to see what she wanted.

"I'm sorry I looked into your window the other day," she told me.

I said not to worry. It was my fault I had the curtains open. She looked relieved. Ruth then invited me over for coffee some day. Just ring the doorbell. I said I would do that. I got to thinking about Ruth. She looked to be in her early forties. She looked attractive enough. I did take her up on her offer. The next day I rang the bell. Ruth answered. She looked surprised.

"I didn't think you would stop by."

I asked her why she thought that.

"Because of the other day."

I said it was nothing, not to worry. She looked relieved by my answer. She invited me in and got the coffee going. I did find out about her and her husband Jeff. It seems that Jeff travels frequently for his job. That left Ruth at home by herself. She didn't know the neighbors and felt lonely. As she spoke I gave Ruth a good look. She seemed like she had a killer body and kept herself in shape. 

She asked me what I did for a living. I said I took an early retirement. She asked me if I was married.

"Divorced," I told her. 

That brought this smile to her face. We were standing there in the kitchen. She open a cabinet to get the coffee cups out. I don't know why but I stepped closer and held the cabinet open for her. We were standing so close. Ruth put the cups down in the counter. She turned around and placed her arms around my neck. I guess I was a little surprised for sure.

"After I saw you the other morning, I couldn't get you out of my mind," she said. 

Ruth kissed me hard on the mouth. I gave into Ruth's desires. My hands were all over her body. I managed to pull her shirt off. Ruth did the rest. She unsnapped her bra and her tits came tumbling out. They were large and drooped down her chest. Her nipples were enormous.

"Kiss them Rob," she pleaded with me.

I lowered my face and took a large nipple into my mouth. Ruth put her hands on the back of my head. She was urging me to work on her tits. I went from one breast to the other. I sucked and nibbled on her nipples. I guess Ruth couldn't take much more. She pulled back and said we should go to the bedroom. When we got there, Ruth removed the rest of her clothes. She had light brown pubic hair and her pussy lips protruded out.

I got out of my clothes as well. Ruth looked me over.

"Your cock is bigger than I thought." She had a big smile her face.

Ruth had me get onto my back. She climbed on top of me and began to rub those large folds across my prick. I can tell you it didn't take long before I was erect. Ruth lifted herself up. She was positioned right above my mushroom cap. She slowly lowered her body and I began to sink into her pussy.

"Fuck, you feel huge Rob!"

I began to pump my dick into her eager pussy. Ruth clamped down hard with her muscles. We got into a nice rhythm. All I know is that Ruth wanted my cock. She said as much.

"I dreamt about you fucking me, " she said.

I had to reach up and squeeze those dangling tits. That really set Ruth off. She cried out that I was making her orgasm. I could feel her pussy convulsing as she had her muscles wrapped tightly around my prick. We must have gone at it a good hour or so.

"I need your cum Rob, don't hold back on me."

That was all I needed to hear. I brought my ass up off the bed. I pounded Ruth hard until I lost control. I grunted as I sent jets of cream deep into her pussy. Ruth arched her body and began to milk me of my hot seed. I was so horny I kept shooting wads of my cum into Ruth. Her body shook as she made sure she got every drop out of me. Ruth finally collapsed into my chest. I held her as I left my hard pole inside her drenched pussy.

I did manage to make her orgasm again when I flexed my cock muscles inside her tunnel. Ruth was panting like mad. She said that her husband never made her feel this way. He would cum in ten minutes time. It always left Ruth frustrated. I did get soft. My cock slipped out of Ruth. She pulled off and reached down between her legs. She gathered some of my cum onto her fingers and she tasted our love juices.

I had to admit that our lovemaking was very hot. I knew I would have Ruth more than this one time. I was right. Ruth seemed to be addicted to my cock. She would beg me to come over and take her pussy. That was an offer I couldn't refuse. It seemed like we were fucking daily. I loved it when Ruth would get on all fours for me. I would drape my chest over her back. I would grip those drooping tits in my hands and sink my bone into her pussy.

Ruth got vocal when we fucked. She told me to use her any way I wanted. That kind of talk always turned me on. I would plunge my long dick deep into her belly. Sometimes I would just hold my cock in place until Ruth squealed to be taken. Ruth just loved it when I came inside her. She just couldn't get enough of my seed. I soon found out the bloom was off of Ruth's marriage. She asked me if she should leave her husband.

I knew what she was getting at. She wanted to be my lover from now on. I sure didn't have any other woman who wanted me like Ruth did. I told her to do what she thought best. It wasn't long before Ruth and her husband were divorced. I knew it was finally over when the 'For Sale' sign went up on the property. After the house sold, Ruth moved in with me.

I sometimes wonder if I can satisfy Ruth in bed. She seems to need cock all the time. I'm not a young guy anymore. I guess this is a good problem to have, a woman who wants fucked and creamed on a daily basis.