 It was the spring season in L.A. Niki had tickets for a matinee at the Music Center, a world-famous ballet company doing Sleeping Beauty.

She and I had a casual relationship, based on common interests. Or to put it another way, we had casual sex whenever it interested us, which was quite often.

Another of our common interests was going out for drinks, where she had introduced me to her friend Peggy. Tall, I thought she was cute, in a gawky sort of way. She was pleasant though I wouldn't have dreamed of hitting on her. I mean, there's no way you can date someone's gal pal without having your every move relayed back in detail. Then again, it works the other way, too. I had no doubt Niki had already shared with Peggy a complete description of my physical assets, and the way I made use of them.

Anyway, that spring afternoon Niki had three tickets, and she invited both Peggy and me. Peggy had never seen a ballet before, and all the dancing was a blur to her. At the end she was vaguely dissatisfied, having lost the plot. I think she was expecting it to wind up like a Hollywood movie.

I told her, well, the last act - the wedding reception - is just an excuse for everyone to get into the show. There's a dance for Puss in Boots and the White Cat, and a foursome for the fairies. "You mean the guys," she interrupted. No, I said, roles like the Gold and Lilac fairies are danced by girls. Then there's the Bluebird pas de deux, and then the grand finale for Aurora and Florimund - in five parts - including the romantic slow part, and both male and female solos. 

She was intrigued. "You know so much about it," she said. "Why do you like it?" I told her I liked to see slender young women in tight bodies prancing around in costumes that hid nothing. 

The raw sexuality of my remark took her aback; but I think it charmed her, too; she smiled shyly as she cowered.

As it turned out, Niki had something else to do. She asked Peggy if she could take me home. It was no problem with her.

When we got in her car, she asked me if I'd like to go back to her place to get some dinner. Nothing fancy, just leftovers. It was no problem with me. 

We got to her little studio apartment. She offered me some wine, which I was glad to have. The bottle was about half full, and we polished that off with dinner. We were still thirsty, so we opened up another bottle.

We talked about the ballet, we talked about our jobs, and we talked about sex; mostly how much we liked it. She told me about her boyfriends, and what she had done with them for birth control. It was the first time I had ever heard someone use the term "heavy petting." 

By this time the new bottle was empty, so she suggested a trip to the liquor store to get some more. We picked up another couple of bottles and returned to settle in to some serious drinking.

It was relaxed, and fun. All her talk about her sexual experiences had got me thinking about them, and more than a little interested in recreating them. In my mind, I ran over plans to make a move.

Halfway through the second bottle, we were both pretty inebriated. She was sitting on the floor, laughing, with her eyes closed. I couldn't hold back any longer. I kissed her; and for a moment she went stiff. No problem - it was the instinct women have to pretend they're hard to get, if even for a moment. And in another moment, she suddenly started kissing me hard, thrusting her tongue in my mouth. 

She offered no resistance as my hands explored her body. Under her sweater, under her brassiere, I lifted them up to kiss her breasts. That's when she said "Let's pull out the bed."

She went into the bathroom to get ready. Now, I will say that when I'm invited into a gal's bed the first time, I don't always get naked up front. I play it by ear. Maybe she'll come to bed in a nightgown, or perhaps just panties, looking for just a bit more persuasion to get everything off. This time, though, I wasn't going to waste time. I shed all my clothes and slipped under the covers, waiting to see how she'd play it. I wasn't wrong.

She came out of the bathroom completely nude and practically ran to the bed. I reached out to ravish her body before she could lie down; and she was as ready as I was.

I said she was tall. I stretched myself out to cleave to her from her toes to the top of her head. I kissed her hard, pawed her body greedily. She was astonished at how intense I was. I told her it just reflected how she turned me on.

And she was all over me in return. Tumbling over and over, jumping on top, going into the classic 69 position. She deep-throated my fully erect cock, and I thought for a moment I'd lose it; but I was holding back. 

Understand that my general practice when I go to bed with someone the first time is move directly to consummation. I'll try for ten minutes, max, from the time her panties come off till my cock starts its telltale throbbing inside her. There's usually been so much excitement built up in anticipation of the final act that there's nothing to be gained by putting off the ultimate completion.

But this was different. There was so much energy in our frolic that I kept going at full speed for what seemed like hours. Well, maybe it was half an hour, but the action was nonstop. Finally, I reached the point where I was ready to blow my load. I told her, "Sweetheart, I can't hold it back any longer. Spread your legs, I'm going to give you everything I've got." 

And she was ready for me; she spread them wide, and I slid in easily. Squaring off between her legs, I humped her a few times, until I went over the edge. Holding her shoulders tight, I crashed into her box with all my might; and again; and then my groin throbbed and I could feel a huge gush of warm sperm squirting into her deepest place. Again and again, I humped and pumped until everything I had was hers.

Time for sleep. She nestled in my arm, glowing with satisfaction. "It's been a good day," I said. "Just out of curiosity" - I had to ask her - "when did you start to think it would be a good idea to feel my organ throbbing inside you?" She hesitated for a moment; and then she said, sweetly, "There are some secrets women keep."