 For those who didn't catch Chapter One, here's a brief synopsis:

I work in an office with a staff of attorneys, most of whom are desirable but one (Dave) makes my flesh crawl. There is one attorney whom I lust from afar (Dan) but so far, the only one-on-one action I've ever seen with him is working overtime on cases other than my hormonal overload.

Chapter One ended with:

During lunch, a few of us girls gather in the break room. Instead of eating in today, we decide to go to a restaurant. Since there's no manager in sight, we decide to have a teensy weensy liquid lunch. After all, it's Monday and we won't be getting out of the office until at least 8 p.m. During our lunch, we gossip. I confide my fantasy about Dan and everyone sighs and nods. Apparently, I am not the only woman who's noticed how striking of a man he is. Nor have they missed Dave and his creepiness. The conversation becomes loud as we drink more and discuss Dave. Each girl has her own story.

Samantha: "Once Dave got behind me in the copy room and pressed his cock against my ass." A unison of "ewwwwwwwws."

Lauren: "I was using the restroom and Dave walked into the ladies room. Imagine my surprise at seeing HIM in there!" We all laugh...and yet are reviled by this.

Vanessa: "You think that's bad? I was working late and heard a noise in the conference room. The door was open and I peeked in. Dave was fucking this...this....what looked like a hooker...right there on our conference room table!" We almost all lost our lunches then and not because of alcohol.

How many times had we all eaten on that table? Now, every time I go in there, I will have this visual of Dave pumping some slut on the table.

Vanessa regales us with story details. How her dress was hiked up over her hips. How Dave's pants were around his ankles (couldn't he have the courtesy to undress?). How he made the girl suck his cock after fucking her and how he shot his wad over this woman's face. What really was odd, and yet perversely titillating, was how big his cock was. Vanessa said it was and I quote, "like a fucking Budweiser Shetland."

I couldn't help myself. "Van, they use Clydesdales not Shetlands."

"Look who knows her horse cocks," howled Vanessa. I felt myself go red in the face as the others laughed at my knowledge and expense.

The others headed back to the office and I picked up some take-out, for Dan. I knew he wouldn't be eating unless someone brought it to him. God, I'd love to give him dessert.
Chapter Two

I carry Dan's meal into the office, clumsily making my way through the doors to our building. With full hands, I manage to catch a crowded elevator. I find myself stuck inside with some of the other building occupants...and Dave. I smile politely and make my way in, facing front.

Dave's behind me. He's maneuvered himself so that he's so close to me that I feel his breath on my neck. He whispers into the tendrils of hair falling lightly over my ear.

"Jen, were you bringing me something to eat? How nice of you to think of me!" And I feel his hand slip around my hip, pulling my ass against his groin. My hands are full and I don't want to create a scene in public. I ignore his double entendre, facing front, stiff lipped.

Instead of getting an icy cold clue, it just seems to attract Dave.

"Why don't you bring that to me in my office...shut the door behind you....take a nice, long, lunch." And his hand slides down my hip, reaching into my pants pocket. His fingers are probing inside my pocket, rubbing the silky pocket against my body, his fingers obviously feeling the outline of my panties.

"Bikinis. I like those. Are they silk?"

Strangely enough, as much as I want to pull away, I can't. Not only is it physically impossible to move away from Dave, but oddly enough, his hand in my pocket and the feel of his breath against my ear gives me chills....in a wonderful, sensual way.

The doors open people shuffle on and off the elevator. We're almost at our floor. I'm just about to breathe a sigh of relief when Dave grabs the string of my bikini and tugs it so hard that the panties are riding up into the cleft of my cunt. I gasp, disturbing the others.

I turn my head away from the others in the elevator and because I have full hands, all I can do is feign a coughing fit. Our floor is here. I can get off now....and not with Dave!

As I walk to my desk to settle in and gather up Dan's lunch, my panties are rubbing against my clit and I can tell that Dave's little stunt made me wet. I'll have to make a stop into the restroom to re-group before I can even give Dan his lunch.

Once in the restroom, I find that Dave didn't just give me a reverse wedgie. He literally TORE the string to my panties! They're hanging onto my body by one string on my opposite hip. Frustrated, I remove the panties and just slip my pants back on again. Once back at my desk, I toss them into my drawer to be taken home at the end of the day.

I take the lunch into Dan's office.

"I thought you might like some lunch."

"Oh Jen, that's great! You're awesome. You always think of me!" If Dan only knew...

"I just try to keep my favorite esquire happy!"

Sitting in front of Dan as he eats, I go over his schedule with him. He nods and chews. For such a brilliant legal mind, he doesn't possess computer skills. He can't negotiate his own schedule to save his life. I move around beside Dan, reaching my left arm in front of him, to move his mouse and click the cursor on the proper buttons. Dan doesn't move back fast enough....in fact, he doesn't move at all, and my breasts are rubbing against his shoulder.

I ignore my tactile blunder until I realize that Dan's not staring at his calendar. He's staring straight into my cleavage. I feel myself go red in the face, and call his attention to the screen.

"Sorry Jen. I'm just distracted...really, I am so sorry."

"Dan, that's okay. At least you're not Dave!" We both laugh and I stand upright. Everyone knows that Dave is a letch but he slides because he brings in the big clients. His revenue for the firm allows him to get away with sexual harassment in ways no one else can.

Trying not to sound like a cliche, I ask Dan what is so distracting. I didn't expect him to say "your breasts" but I also didn't expect his answer.

"It's personal Jen. It's my marriage. Things aren't going so well. Things...uh...I shouldn't be saying this. Forget it, Jen. A professional doesn't bring his problems to work with him."

Too bad Dan doesn't realize that Dave brings not just his problems to work but his hooker girlfriends.

Looking down at Dan, I say, "Dan, I tell you what. At 5 o'clock, lets knock off and head to happy hour. I'll buy." My hands on my hips as I await his answer. Admittedly, not feeling a pantyline makes me feel naughty and free.

Dan smiles at me. "I just need to call home to tell them I'll be late. I think I'd like a happy hour." With that, Dan reaches around behind me for his cell phone. It's sitting on the credenza. His arm slides, effortlessly, around my round bottom, almost in slow motion. I don't know if Dan can feel the lack of panties, but he sure isn't stopping, pulling away, or even blushing. By the time he brings his phone to his ear, I feel like I've just received a massage on my ass!

At 4:55 p.m., Dan swings by my desk, suitcoat in hand. "Lets go!"

I hurriedly shut down my computer and open my desk drawer for my purse when to my horror, my panties are there...for Dan's viewing pleasure!

"Oh shit! Uh...I guess I should explain..."

Dan laughs. "Hey, panties were never part of the job description anyway. If I got drunk tonight, I might be persuaded to leave my boxers off next time I go to court too! That would make it easier for my adversaries to kiss my ass!" We both laugh.

We make it to Hooligan's, a quaint American version of an Irish pub. The smell of dank beer permeates the bar and the floor is as sticky as an adult movie theater. We're seated in a snug, dimly lit booth where a waitress will soon visit us. The waitress introduces herself as "Wench Sinead" thus making the atmosphere even less authentic (no one uses "wench" anymore...do they?). While a piped tape of Irish folk songs blasts in our ears, Dan and I attempt to talk.

I can't really hear Dan, so I move closer. A pitcher of beer appears on our table and Dan pours 2 out. Before he can complete a full sentence, a gaggle of business men make their way into the bar and are bellowing about some successful deal they brokered. I can't even move closer to Dan because he's moved closer to me, so close, in fact, that he's bumped into me and I am all but on his lap. Neither of us moves away.

My eyes are locked onto Dan's misty grey eyes as he avoids talk of his marriage and makes small talk about work. We begin to gossip about our co-workers, culminating in a discussion about Dave. I tell him about my elevator ride with Dave today and why the panties were in my drawer. I downplay my body's obvious betrayal and up-play the bovine nature of our lovely co-worker.

"Jen, you have to be careful around Dave. He's been known to bed many of the girls in our office, only to fire them after using them."

"Dan, a man like Dave is the last man I'd want to bed!" I can hardly even say that with a straight face, and then I remember how saturated my panties were. I avert my eyes and stare at the table.

"What kind of man would you want to bed, Jen? You don't talk about a boyfriend. Do you have one?"

I'm partly offended by Dan's probing and certainly, I am at a loss for words. How can I answer that? I can't tell him that he is the kind of man I would like to bed. He is THE man I wish to make love to and spend my days beside.

With my hesitance obvious, he thinks he's overstepped his bounds. "Oh Jen, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to snoop. I didn't realize you were a lesbian."

"WHAT?" I loudly cry "WHAT" again and scramble for words. "Dan, my silence didn't mean THAT. There is a man I see, every day, the problem is, he does not see me. He knows I exist but not as a woman, not as a potential partner and lover. Besides, he's married."

Dan sits back...

"I'm sorry, Dan. Did I surprise you? Shock you? Offend you?"

"No, no, certainly not. I, uhhhh, I just am, well, kinda thrown off balance, that's all."

Unbeknownst to me, I had peaked Dan's interest. Apparently, he'd thought about an affair but had never acted on it. I found this all out as the pitcher drained and the hours wore on. He asked me questions like "Would you want to just sleep with this man or to fall in love?" "Could you live with being the 'other' woman?" "What if the man fell in love with you and wanted to leave his wife...what would you do?" I didn't have to scramble for answers because I knew them already. I'd already fantasized about the "what ifs" and I knew; I would love him, no matter what...I would love Dan.

Finally, we decided to call it a night. The music was loud, his cell phone kept ringing with calls from his wife (which he left unanswered), and the conversation had us both unsettled.

Dan walked me back to the office garage. As I unlocked my car door, I turned to face him and bid him goodnight and that's when he did it. He kissed me.

The world spun by in that moment. I let go of the keys and fell against Dan's body. I somehow let go of all inhibition (perhaps the beer inspired this), and gave myself over to Dan.

Our mouths pressed together tightly but not as tight as our bodies. His hands drifted to below the small of my back, settling onto my ass. His mouth opened and his tongue..god, his tongue...snaked into my mouth and sent shivers down my spine. I could feel my clit instantly swell as we kissed and all I could do was press my body against him, tighter.

I began to kiss down his throat and he interrupted me. "Jen, wait...stop."

Oh no, the moment I dreaded. He was regretting it and wanting to stop it before it could even get better.

With sorrowful eyes, I looked up at him.

"Jen, do you want this to go further...or should we stop it now? If we don't stop now, I might do something and I don't want you to hate me later. I don't want to see you at work and see you look away from me."

I took his face in my hands and pulled him to me. As we kissed, I emitted a few words. I sloppily told him that I wanted this to go further, for as long as he wanted, and continued kissing him. He stopped once more to buy us time. He quickly phoned his wife and told her that he was too drunk to drive home so he was going to stop back in the office to shower (the office has full baths for the attorneys ONLY).

He hung up, pushed my car door closed and locked it. Dan lead me back to the office, to his office. As we rode the elevator to our floor, he pulled at my blouse and slid his hand under, cupping my breasts through my bra, kissing me hard. His other hand slid down and lifted my skirt to my waist. With no panties on, he had free reign, free access. He cupped his hand over my smooth pussy and massaged. We both moaned as we kissed. Tongues dancing. My juices flowing. His cock pressing against me. It was almost too much. I could feel my clit quiver under his strumming fingers but held my orgasm at bay.

The elevator door opened and he whisked me back to his office. We left the barrister lamp on and locked the door. We kissed as he walked me backward, down onto his leather sofa.

Lying before him, my blouse undone, open, my bra revealed, my skirt up and showing all, he began to undress for me.

I never knew how magnificent Dan's body truly was. Sure, I had imagined it in my fantasies but never knew the reality. In the pale light of his desk lamp, I saw that his chest was covered in a light red chest hair. His pecs were firm. There was an absence of love handles. His stomach was not that of a 22 year old man but it was fit and fuzzy and I wanted to just sit up and kiss it.

He dropped his pants and boxers, peeled off his socks. He was completely naked. I took in every inch of him, my eyes starved and now, finally being fed. I was engrossed in his every perfection and every flaw, as he dropped to his knees, to the floor.

He had me lift my hips and pulled my skirt over my hips, my bottom now free of all encumberments. He leaned his body into mine, his furry chest to my bare pussy, and began to kiss my stomach, while pushing my blouse off my shoulders and arms. His fingers gently slid under my bra straps and lowered them. He looked so blissful. He was slow, patient, almost like he was unwrapping a gift. Pulling my bra down from my breasts, he saw my breasts and then, looked into my eyes. He moved to my face and kissed me, while his fingers unhooked the back of my bra. He tugged the bra free from between our bodies, never breaking the kiss.

I locked my legs around Dan's waist, my arms, up over his shoulders. His arms slid around me and he pulled me so tight against him that I could barely breathe. He whispered in my ear.

"Jen, if tonight ends right now, you will have given me more love right now than I have had the last few years of marriage. I want you to know that I am grateful."

I couldn't bear it. My heartstrings were being tugged. To silence him, I began to kiss his neck again, and he purred for me. His lips moved lower, down to my breasts and his urges took over again. He sucked each nipple with fervor. His tongue swirled around my nipple while inside his mouth. If he hadn't made love to his wife in a while, one thing is for sure, he remembered how and was doing it all perfectly right now.

I watched as Dan kissed a trail down my stomach and to my mound. His hands held my hips as he covered my mound in kisses. I could feel my juices dripping onto his leather sofa. I offered to place my blouse under so his sofa would not be stained from my moisture but he placed hand over my mouth and kept going. He mumbled something about seeing it tomorrow and then slid his tongue down my slit and into my pussy. If I weren't already damaging that sofa, I surely was now! I heaved and bucked as his tongue opened my full lips. He immediately slide his tongue inside me. I don't know who enjoyed it more. I was in heaven!

I felt the pads of two fingertips at the entrance of my cunt. Dan's mouth moved up and begin sucking my clit. The fingers slid inside and I immediately gripped them, pulling my body upward, semi-sitting up. His tips rubbed against my swelling g-spot and I felt that familiar warmth spread.

I began to loudly moan his name and scream obscenities of sheer, orgasmic delight as I came around Dan's fingers. He sucked harder, furiously, and curled his fingers more, sending me into wave after wave or orgasmic pleasure. As I panted, slowing my breathing, and unclenching my teeth, fists, and cunt muscles, he withdrew his fingers and looked up at me, wet chin glistening!

With his hands placed just above my knees, he moved upward. I caressed his face as it moved to mine, zeroing in for another kiss. I tasted his mouth. My juices were tangy and I sucked his chin clean. As we kissed, he rose to the couch and sat beside me, still kissing me.

I reached into his lap and started masturbating his already hard cock. His pre cum was thick and gooey and I used it to lube down his cock. The veins in his cock stood out and created little valleys for my fingertips to play along as I stroked him. I bent down and switched from sitting to kneeling. Dan's hand moved around my ass and he immediately began to pry my lips and insert fingers into my wet snatch.

I was living so many fantasies in this one moment. I bobbed up and down his cock. I was hungry. I had to open my mouth extra wide for his thick cock, careful not to clamp down in my enthusiasm and do something dangerous. My saliva ran the length of him, and mixed with his pre cum, bathed his shaft.

"Ohhhh Ggggooooodddddddddddddddd" he moaned.

He leaned back a bit more and took his fingers from my cunt to my head. He was stroking my curls and sometimes, grabbing them...even painfully...pulling in his joy. I didn't stop. I kept sucking. Sometimes I would suck just the head so I could watch his face. Other times, I barreled down his cock so he entered my throat and temporarily cut off my air supply. I'd gag and have to pull back but I never, ever stopped and he never stopped writhing under my face.

A sound from the hallway caused me to stop momentarily. I looked over my shoulder. While we had locked the door, the glass side window could not be blocked or locked. It ran the height of the wall from floor to ceiling but at this hour, we never dreamed anyone would still be working or cleaning the office.

Dan mumbled some reassurance and pushed my face back down onto his ruby colored head. Neither of us wanted to stop or to investigate the sound so I went back to my blowjob.

I salivated over his head and shaft and made sloppy sucking sounds, up and down. His hips bucked and rocked until he couldn't stand much more.

"Oh Jeeeeezzzzuuussssss... Cummmmmmmmmiiinnnnnggggggggg" he screamed. His cum rocketed into my mouth and throat. He unleashed a torrent of cream that must've been locked away for weeks or months. With no regard for my mouth, he violently shoved my face down and and spasmed, over and over, until the last drop of cum left him and entered me.

I sat up, wiping the cum that flowed from the corner of my mouth. Watching Dan's face for a sign of what to do next, his eyes were closed. His chest slowly and softly heaving, waiting to finally catch his breath. He reached for my shoulder and pulled me against him. I snuggled my cheek against his furry chest, listening to his breath, watching his cock soften and shrink.

"God Jen, that was so incredible. I mean...WOW...it's just been so long and I just never..."

I placed my finger over his lips and hushed him. He bent his face down to mine, kissed me softly.
