 I was still living at home while attending a local school nearby. I wanted to live on campus but my parents said they couldn't afford it. For now I would have to tough it out. I tried to set up many of my classes for morning. My parents had already left for work and I was able to have the run of the house. I would end up showering and then I would walk into my bedroom.

I took to opening the one shade on my window and drying off as the sun was rising in the morning. I would towel off and then run my fingers across my nipples. That always felt good first thing in the morning. I figured no one could see me at the window. I was wrong. As I was touching myself I looked at the neighbor's house next door. There stood the owner, John, looking straight at me.

John was a widower in his early sixties. I should have stopped what I was doing and lowered the blinds. Instead I pretended like I didn't know he was there. I moved my hands all over my breasts and then I ran my fingers across my pussy. I didn't let on that I knew John was watching me. This went on for some days. John knew what time to watch for me and I put on my show for him. One morning it was me that got a surprise.

I opened the blinds and started to feel myself up. I looked over at John's house. There he stood in front of his window, naked. He had his cock in his one hand and was stroking himself. I tried hard not to let on that I was watching him. We were both trying to let the other person see what was going on. I admit that seeing John's cock was turning me on. It looked so big even from my bedroom window. I managed to push a finger up inside my pussy that morning. I normally just touched myself a bit.

I am sure John got a good view of me. I worked my one finger deep into my hole. My body was starting to shake as I brought myself off there at the window. When I looked over to John's house, he had left the window. I was a bit let down. Did he leave to stroke himself off or what exactly. A couple of days later things changed. I was coming back from classes when I saw John out in his backyard.

I waved to him and he waved back. He walked over to where I was and spoke to me.

"You like to get up bright and early, I see."

"Did you like what you saw," I asked him.

"I think you know that I did," he told me.

All I was thinking about was wanting to see John's cock, up close and personal. My parents weren't due to get home for some hours yet. I asked John if he would like to come over for some coffee. He smiled and said he would love that. I have to tell you that John may be in his early sixties but he looks ten years younger. He seems to keep himself in good shape as well. We stepped into my house. We never got to sample the coffee.

John didn't waste any time. He took me in his arms and we kissed. I was getting shivers up and down my body. John's hands went immediately to my chest. He was rubbing my tits through the material of my shirt. It only took a few moments before John was pulling my shirt off and unsnapping my bra. I have average size breasts but my nipples were so hard right then. He worked my pants down to the floor and off came my panties. Then it was John's turn.

He stripped down in no time and I got to see his thick cock up close. It was even bigger than I imagined. He didn't have to urge me to do a thing. I knelt down and took hold of his cock in my hand. I brought it up to my lips and I took him down my throat. I have to say I was gagging on his rod. One hand was on his balls and the other was at the base of his dick. I can't recall wanting a cock like that before. Sucking on an older man just got me going.

I soon made John rock hard. He had me pull away and he lifted me up. The couch was close by and he moved me close to it. I got onto my back and John slid in between my thighs. I was looking down as John's cock was aimed directly at my opening. I felt the head of his cock and then he started to slide into me. I think I might have let out a scream at first. I had never felt anything so big before. His dick was stretching me wide. Once he finally pushed all the way in, the fucking began.

John took me hard and deep. This was no fancy lovemaking. His balls were slapping hard against my ass. Once he was inside me John began to circle his cock around and around. I got so wet as he fed me his thick member. I knew right from then I was going to let John doing anything he wanted to me. I took a good pounding that morning. My pussy felt like it was on fire from John feeding me his hard bone.

"I want you to cum in me John, please!" I said to him.

He looked down at my face. I think he was wondering if he should deposit his load inside me. I normally don't let men cum in my pussy. This morning everything changed. I needed to feel John's seed in me. He fucked me for a little while longer. I somehow managed to hold off on my orgasm. John arched his back and grunted. He flooded my pussy with all his manseed. I used my muscles to try and get every hot drop of his semen from his thick cock. 

John didn't let up. He kept driving his monster deep inside me. I screamed out loud repeatedly as I felt his milky load hit my pussy walls. We did finally end our hot sex making together. I was having a hard time trying to catch my breath. Sweat from John's body was hitting my chest. John finally pulled out and I somehow managed to get to my feet. I got some damp paper towels and we got cleaned up. 

"I hope you want to try that again," he said to me.

I couldn't admit it to John right then but I knew I was going to need to be fucked over and over by him. That is what happened. I would still let him see me naked at my window. When I got back from classes, we would have torrid sex together. I would go to his house and he would take me in every position I could think of. Often John would lead me to the bathtub and he would fuck me there. The water from the shower would be pouring over our bodies and I would take John's cock.

I would bend at the waist with John standing behind me. He would thrust his prick deep into my pussy. John drove his cock inside me so deep, he would raise me up onto my toes. I never made John wear any protection. I had to feel his hot cream in my pussy. I don't know how this will all play out. I can hardly move into John's house and become his mistress. We have talked about moving away so I wouldn't be right next to my parents.

Time will tell as to how John and I work things out. Until then I plan on having John's cock buried inside me as often as I can.