 She was six feet tall and a plain looking woman. Her dark brown hair was cut in a plain page boy style that did nothing to soften her long, angular face; her clothes were frumpish and practical. You would never pick her out of a crowd as your next fantasy --- unless you looked a little closer. She had long legs with full round thighs and high round buttocks that promised a heaven of fleshly delight. Her breasts were not large, but full and well shaped under her clothes. At least, that’s what I remembered.

I knew her. We had gone to high school together in Kansas. Once, at a big class picnic out at the lake, she wore very short, tight shorts, which were out of character for her, and her legs and bottom immediately aroused me. 

After that, I made sure we had a couple of hard-breathing, encounters that featured hot, wet kissing and mutual groping beneath the prairie moon, always ending in mutual satisfaction if short of full consummation. Now, fifteen years later, Peggy Fulton and I had met in Illinois. But she was Peggy Meyer now; her husband and I were new members of the faculty at a small college, he in physics, I in dramatic literature. 

She seemed to have lost none of her voluptuous charm and had added very few pounds in spite of the two kids who orbited around her all afternoon. She introduced her husband, Wendell, a hulking, intellectual sort with very little interest in socializing. Peggy and I spent the rest of the afternoon talking while Wendell postulated great scientific theorems with his colleagues. Her eyes and smiles told me plainly that she was glad to see me and that she had forgotten nothing.

We first went to bed together on a sunny afternoon in October. We had met deliberately at a book fair, made a few purchases and come directly back to my apartment with no discussion or question. I kissed her full on the mouth as soon as the door was closed behind us. The second kiss was open and our tongues found each other with ease as if our last date had been yesterday evening. We walked together to the bed, undressed and fucked hard and satisfyingly without further preliminary and without words of any kind.

Later, we reminisced about our evenings in my father’s car on a back road behind her house. She ran her hands over my chest and I caressed the length of her legs slowly, content to take my time and build the smoldering fire into a second blaze. Her thighs were excitingly soft with just a touch of mature, womanly flesh. The sunlight streaming in my second-story window painted them a golden hue and highlighted the nearly invisible down-like hair that grew there. Her bottom, round and firm, was like a distant planet awash in light and shadow. Her breasts were larger than I remembered but still widely separated and bullet-shaped with long dark nipples that grew stiff at the slightest touch.

I learned, on that first day, that she liked the sounds and words of sex --- liked them frank and fully voiced.

“Put your hand here,” she said, guiding my fingers inside her. Her voice was low and still thick with spent passion. “Now rub just a little --- m-m-m-m-m nice! Talk to me. Tell me what you like. What you like to do.”

I was shocked but managed to keep my head. This was a far cry from the shy but eager girl I had dated and never quite went all the way with.

“I like feeling you, --- your breasts always excited me.”

“Not as much as my ass did. Feel it --- squeeze hard – slap it a little --- harder! --- Oh! Yes! Like that! --- I always knew that you liked it. You used to stare at it in school.”

“And your legs. I wanted to get my hands under your skirt and feel and squeeze.”

“Dirty guy! Well, you finally did a couple of times.”

“It was never enough.”

“What about now?”

“What about it?”

“You just fucked me; did you like it? --- Did you like me?”

“Emphatically, yes! Did you? Did you like my cock inside you?”

She was loving it. Her eyes glowed and her breathing quickened.

“Yes! You were big and hard and --- interested. Here, do this --- oh, yes, --- that’s great, pinch a little MMMM!!! Tell me what you want – what you want right now! --- Want to put your cock in my mouth? Huh? Do you? What do you say, former boyfriend?”

She was excited now, almost at fever pitch, rubbing her cunt up and down on my thigh and toying with my balls.

“Sure --- but first the other way around. I want those gorgeous thighs around my head and my tongue inside you. Now, what do you say?”

“Oh, God, YES!! Spank me first!” She rolled her bottom up in the air and stuffed a pillow under her. “Hit me hard! Come on! I want it!”

So I laid it on with a will and she quivered and whimpered and cried and writhed in the most delicious manner imaginable, her big long body sending pulses of excitement through me. The slaps rang from the walls and her flesh jumped, quivered, grew red beneath my flailing hand. Her thighs were red to the knees and I couldn’t resist sliding my hand between them, high up inside to the damp dark nest of her cunt. 

She rolled onto her back and drew me down to her and spread her thighs, then closed them on me and I was lost in the hot musky world of her flesh. I sucked and laved and gave her my best, probing and pushing with tongue tip, inhaling the incredibly rich odor of her excitement, slipping my tongue sideways along the lips of her cunt and flexing the tip to tease them. I don’t know for sure how long it lasted. I only remember the ecstasy of her body, her moans and yelps and quivers, her fingers twining in my hair, the soft thigh flesh moving over my face, glancing up to see her belly fluttering as she drew close. Then she came with a shudder and held me close. 

Finally, I straddled her chest and started to push into her mouth.

“Wait! I want --- “She took my cock in her hands while I struggled to restrain myself. She gazed at it, tested its hardness with her fingers, licked it like an ice cream cone. Then, looking up at me, she said, “Fuck my mouth.”

I pushed past her lips and felt her tongue curl and start working against the head. Her eyes closed and she started to suck in long satisfying strokes. I didn’t even try to hold back and I could tell by the way she sucked that she didn’t want me to. I came in her mouth and she gulped and swallowed, letting some of the come escape and run down her chin. She continued to suck greedily till I was soft and powerless in her mouth.

“Do you like me with your come on my mouth?”

“I’m still wet with yours, too.”

We kissed, sliding our lips through the spent fluids we had left on each others mouths, sucking and licking greedily.

Her hunger was deep and profound. She wanted all I could give and would have happily accepted more if time and my energy had held out. When we said goodbye at my door, her kisses were still urgent, her tongue still probing greedily.

“He doesn’t have much interest in me any more,” she said when we next met, “he’s accomplished what he wanted in the family field. He subdued me, created two children in which he is not interested beyond the respectable background they give him. He owns us; we’re his. Now he’s off to the next conquest: science and professional advancement. I know most women would be frantic or furious but I’m really not too upset about it. Oh, I grieved for a while when I first figured it out but I could see that there was no way that he was ever going to be involved with us --- the kids and I. Besides, sex was never much good with him anyway --- after the kids were born just perfunctory and frustrating more often than not. But, I want you to know that this is the first time I’ve gone adventuring. I’d almost decided to grow old and waste silently away when I saw you at that awful afternoon soiree and the color came back into the world.”

When I was sure she had finished, I said as lightheartedly as possible, “Well, you’re perfectly welcome to come and have sex with me whenever you want to.”

“You and I don’t have sex,” she replied, rolling onto her stomach and peering steadily into my eyes, “and we don’t make love, either. We fuck. And that’s what I like about it --- about us.”

“But you never seem to get enough.”

“It’s what I want right now. Please don’t start feeling inadequate or anything. I am satisfied, I’m just --- very, very hungry right now --- trying to make up for lost time, I guess. And for God’s sake, don’t let me start pressuring you too much. I’m not free to leave him for many reasons and I know you must have a life of your own. I don’t want to be selfish, I . . .”

“Peggy!”

“What?” She was almost breathless from her monologue.

“Shut up. I won’t let you do anything to me that I don’t want. I’m fine with this and have no plans of my own for marriage so it suits me. I’m very, very glad you’re here. Understand?”

She lowered her head to my chest.

“Yes, James. Thank you.”

There was a pause and I waited while her breathing returned to normal.

“Do you ever think about -- variations – substitutes?” I asked.

“You mean singles bars? Cruising? I’m not the type and I certainly would not be worth much on the open meat market. In case you haven’t noticed I am still more than usually plain for my age.”

“No, I didn’t mean anything that common. I meant maybe a toy to play with.”

“Don’t be coy,” she said with an edge, “I’ve thought about a dildo, but just can’t bring myself to actually buy one I’d like. I’d feel a little – I don’t know – shameful, I guess.”

“Answer this: would it please you? – Would it make you feel good?”

“But what if . . .”

“No!” I interrupted, “just answer the question. Would it give you pleasure, yes or no?”

“OK --- yes, then, I think it would. But I . . .”

“Now this: would anyone be harmed?”

“No, but . . ..”

“You just don’t want it around the house.”

“Something like that.”

“OK, would you like for me to buy one for you or go shopping with you?”

“Oh, God!” She paused, then, “How . . . how would we . . . I mean . . .”

“Catalogs. You can get anything from catalogs. We look at the pictures, you choose, I go buy it.”

“Why are you so anxious to help out?”

“Quite honestly because I want you to have what you want and because I find the idea of watching and helping to be a real turn-on. Does that bother you?”

She paused longer this time and I could hear her breathing deepen, then, “No, I guess not . . . after what we’ve already done, it would be a trifle hypocritical to allow that to bother me.” She turned to me and asked, “How would you help?”

She didn’t really need me to tell her, she knew. She was asking to be turned on again so I gathered her into my arms and kissed her tenderly. With my lips close to her ear, I said, “I’d like to slide it into you when you are excited –-- hot –-- when you want it big and hard inside you.”

She mumbled something I didn’t hear and I asked her to say it again. She buried her face in my shoulder and said, a little louder. “With my wrists tied to the bed posts . . .. I’d really like that.” I struggled to retain my composure but I was becoming adjusted to her revelations. Her breath was hot on my chest and her nipple rose against my hand.

“Let’s try this,” I said. 

I retrieved my belt from my trousers and looped it around her wrists, then buckled it to the iron bedstead. Then I played with her tits, teasing unmercifully, while she squirmed and twisted her body in want and need. I stroked her velvet thighs and felt the heat in them rise, took my time, felt their heavy ripe softness under my hand, watched them ripple beneath my hard caress. I pushed my fingers into her hot wet slit and teased some more, rubbing and twisting and thrusting deep. She moaned softly in my ear, “That’s fantastic!”

She twisted onto her side, offering her bottom for a soft pleasure spanking and my excitement rocketed as her gorgeous white flesh jumped and quivered. Finally, I held her big solid ass in my hands and ate her pussy till she came in great waves and spasms of ecstasy.

“Now fuck me!” she demanded, “please . . . fuck me hard and dirty and come all over me!”

“Roll over! . . . Up on your knees!” She strained at the belt but managed to do as she was told. I grabbed a handful of her hair and slammed my cock into her to the hilt. I fucked her as fast and hard as I could and she moaned, low at first, then higher and louder till it became a high-pitched, half-strangled scream.

My climax rose and I forced her down flat upon the bed, pumping hard on the sweet mounds of her bottom. At the last possible second I withdrew.

“Roll over!” She twisted around just in time to catch the first of it on her tits. The second spurt hit her face and left a line across her lips. She licked it off and opened her mouth in a silent invitation and I let her suck me till I was empty and soft. 

She looked up, my come glistened on her lips and face, my cock still hard in her mouth, her hands still strapped to the bed. Her eyes were big deep blue pools of satisfaction and gratitude. My cock slipped from her mouth. She smiled up at me as the come ran down the side of her face.

“Let’s look at catalogs,” she said.

She continued to kiss me wetly as I undressed her in the middle of the living room. The firelight flickered over her long angular frame. When she was naked, I placed my hands on her bottom and pulled her close kneading and luxuriating in the firm flesh of her ass. She held my face in her hands and ran her tongue rapidly in and out of my mouth. My cock rose and I pushed my leg between hers to make sure she felt it against her thigh. She cooperated by closing her legs and undulating her hips against me.

Her hands drifted down to my belt buckle, released it and pulled it through the loops. She leaned back a little and handed it to me with a half smile of anticipation and a heat in her eyes that was both plea and command. 

I took it from her, turned her to face the bedroom and shoved her in the back. She stumbled forward, glancing gratefully over her shoulder with a nervous smile. I followed her and, with the leather tip of the belt, I flicked her hard across her bottom. She yelped and moved faster, then slowed to a stop in the bedroom doorway. I let her have another one across her rump, harder this time. She didn’t move. 

“Turn around.” This surprised her but she turned to face me.

“Raise your arms. Put them behind your head.” She raised her arms and joined them behind her head until her upper arms were flush along the sides of her face. Her breath was quick and shallow.

“It raises those lovely tits --- makes them more exciting.” Her face flushed and her smile widened. She turned her torso from side to side, showing off like a little girl.

“You are deliciously slutty tonight.”

“I’m glad you like it. I intend to turn into a complete whore.”

She moved close till her nipples brushed the front of my shirt. Her face drifted slowly in till it blurred in my sight. I felt the hot wet trail of her tongue across my lips and onto my cheek, then the other side and down my chin.

“Go and lie across the bed. Make sure your lovely ass is in the moonlight.” She moved into the room and stretched her long frame out across the bed. The moonlight streamed in and painted her bottom a bright gleaming white. I gazed at it, fondled it, slapped it gently just to see it quiver and shake. She began to tremble in anticipation.

I retrieved the velvet drapery ropes from where they hung on each bedpost and slipped the prepared lops over her wrists and ankles. She looked up with real excitement in her eyes. Her lips quivered and her pulse began to beat in her neck. I showed her the belt. Then I placed the pillow beneath her pelvis to raise her bottom as much as possible.

I doubled the belt and began spanking her with it --- almost languidly --- slow looping swings that ended with the satisfying smack of leather on a firm female backside. She whimpered and trembled, tensed her thigh muscles, dug her fingers into the bedclothes, writhed on the bed in a manner that inflamed me at once.

I changed my aim so that the belt fell on her long full thighs, leaving red marks in the soft pale flesh. I was soon too excited to continue. I shucked off my pants and entered her from behind grasping her hair and hauling her head back sharply. I plunged into her hot depths and bucked hard, mauling her tits with my free hand, twisting the nipples and squeezing hard. I took my pleasure freely and selfishly, slamming away until I came furiously deep inside her.

I released her from the ropes. She lay still, obediently waiting for my next direction.

“Get up on the bed! Give me your hands!” I bound her to the bed as I had the first time. Her eyes glowed in the semidarkness and I could see the crystal bead of a tear on her cheek. Small noises still came from her throat.

I stripped off the rest of my clothes and fell between her thighs. My tongue found her slit and wormed its way in almost of its own volition. Her belly danced and quivered and she pulled at the belt that held her wrists tight to the iron bedstead.

“Ah . . .ah . . .ah!!! . . .Oh, Yes! . . .Oh, How good, how good!! , , , There! There!! . . . OH MY GOD YES!!”

Her clit was hard and oily between my lips. My tongue laved and teased and pummeled it, slipped up and down roughly till she arched her back in greedy desire. Suddenly, she stiffened and began to sink back. I lifted my head and stepped off of the bed.

“Don’t leave me now – Please!!” She writhed beautifully on the bed, twisting her thighs together and throwing her tits from side to side.

“S-h-h --- just a minute.” I took the long latex cock from the drawer beside the bed and oiled it well. Kneeling between her legs I held it up for her to see. She gazed at it for a minute.

“It’s bigger than I thought it would be,” she said.

“Do you want me to put it away?”

“NO! – No, put it in me --- I want it inside me!”

“Here, then.” I placed the shaft against her cunt. “Close your legs.” Her legs obediently clenched and she sucked in her breath.

“Now hold it.” I pushed it in and out between her legs, allowing the shaft to rub against her pussy lips. She sighed deeply, moaned and pulled at the belt.

“Open your legs now.” Her thighs parted and I saw oil mixed with her own dampness gleaming on her quivering thighs.

“Farther.” She spread them wide and I pressed the tip against her slit, worked it up and down and pushed it just inside.

“Easy! Easy! But don’t stop! . . . More, now --- please! More – put it in farther --- A-H-H-H!” She tensed as I pushed it slowly but steadily into her. “A-H-H-H It’s so big!! M-m-m-m!”

I pushed it in centimeter by centimeter until it had all disappeared into her long lithe frame and the latex balls were nestled against her dark springy hair. Gently and slowly I eased it out just a little, then in again, out and in, each time a little further and a little faster. Her hips caught the rhythm and she began to rise to each thrust, eager and lustful, face sheened with perspiration, glowing with pleasure, her smile wide, her little squeals high and tight in her throat.

Her feet were drawn up near her bottom, her legs wide in whorish welcome. Her tits bounced and jiggled with her effort. The pace was now rapid and her head held sharply back thrusting her throat and shoulders high, tits aimed at the ceiling. I held the rubber cock steady and her hips banged away with sharp short staccato thrusts, begging for the end.

With my free hand, I reached high and released her wrists from the belt. Her hands, her wrists still bound together, flashed immediately to the dong and began a hard deep thrusting. I held her close, caressed her tits and kissed her face while she worked frantically for her orgasm.

Then it came. She gave herself over to deep soulful sobs as her hands held the dildo deep and her hips slid up and down slower and slower. She twisted her face to me and kissed me, hot and wet and urgent. Then she went slack and slipped the dildo in and out in a lazy motion designed to ease her down from the orgasmic cloud.
