 I pulled into a quiet parking lot blocked off by a gate. I saw Allison's form, half hidden by the night, half revealed by my solitary headlight. Being close to the ocean, and the night-time chill, she had a warm sweater dress that draped over her curves. Beautiful full hips and a full bosom swayed in the chill night air as she motioned me into the parking lot. I took a spot and stepped from the car to see her smiling at me as she waited patiently, leaning against my passenger door as I turned off the NPR and joined her in the brisk ocean breeze.

I trapped her against the side of the car, putting my arms on either side of her and standing close, our bodies almost touching; The warmth of each other barely perceptible. I leaned in and stopped inches from her lips, looking into her eyes and smiling at her pleased discomfiture. We'd been pen-pals for a long time, and our missives had been anything but innocent. Allison smiled broadly, but shied away from bringing her lips to mine. 

I leaned in closer, my lips millimeters from her neck. She took a sharp breath. I held her in suspense for a moment longer before kissing her neck, gently kissing my way up to her lips. She shuddered, and pressed her lips into mine as we pecked and pulled, tongues dancing. I pressed her to the car with my body as we kissed for a moment longer, enjoying the warmth of each other before heading inside for the drinks and movie we'd agreed on.

Once inside her cottage, we went into the kitchen. She gave me a glass with ice, and held another -- empty. I poured us both a starting drink out of a the bottle of Knob Creek I'd brought with me. We looked out over the ocean briefly, holding our drinks and conversing about recent developments before we sat down to Stranger than Fiction.

She sat down in front of the television. I followed suit, sitting a couple inches away, putting my arm behind her. I could see her tense with our closeness as the movie started. As the movie progressed, We made more small talk. As Will Ferrell fumbled with words, I closed my arm in around her shoulder and knee, and motioned her over to me. I felt her warmth as we sat close. I left my arm around her, and allowed my hand to travel up just a little further and rest on her leg, just above the knee.

We made it all the way to the awkward auditor play a few guitar chords before, looking at each other awkwardly, I moved in close and held her in suspense for a few moments. As she hesitated I closed the gap and we kissed, more urgently this time. The sweet aftertaste of bourbon on our lips, we tasted each other. I wove a hand into the hair on the back of her head, pressing her gently into my lips as we teased each others tongues.

As the kissing became more urgent I squeezed her shoulders to me, and moved my hand slowly up her leg. I felt her legs part, barely perceptibly, until I'd reached the already moistened undergarments that blocked my way. I massaged gently, tracing the lips of her pussy, feeling the folds that protected her clitoris. I swept the panties to one side, and slid a finger between those lips, feeling the warmth and wetness invite my finger into her. I put the tips of two fingers into her entrance, teasing her with the closeness of penetration before backing off and lightly teasing her clitoris with twirly fingers.

We kissed more and more passionately, and her hips began to move forward, urging me to press harder, and enter her. I continued to tease her, light touch, temptingly firm before moving away again. I grabbed her far knee and used my arm around her to pull her on top of me as continued to kiss frantically. Her hips ground against my hardening cock as she strained to feel me. I traced her hips with my hands. Feeling the lovely curve of her hips turning into lovely sides, her back arched, and neck straining as we continued our exploration of each other.

"Would you like to move this somewhere more comfortable?" I asked her. She pointed at the bedroom and nodded her head smiling.

"Go get on the bed." I told her, as I paused the movie, and dug in my bag of tricks. I saw her get onto the bed nervously, and try to decide on a position to lay in.

"Sit on the sit on the edge of the bed with your feet on the floor" I said, smiling to myself as I found what I was looking for. A rather standard vibrator.

I walked over to her and stood in front of her; I threw the vibrator onto the bed. I smiled at her as I stood with my cock pressing against my pants right in front of her. She knew what to do from our conversations. She took off my belt, and undid the button on my pants. She pulled down my zipper, and removed my pants, my cock springing free, right in front of her face. I wove my fingers into her hair and pressed her onto my cock. She began to take it into her mouth greedily, pushing herself to engulf more and more of it. As she reached her limit, I pressed into her mouth, holding her head to me gently, swelling in her mouth. Feeling myself too close to climax, I grasped the hair on the back of her neck and pulled her head away from me.

I held her head, gently exposing her neck. I kissed it before venturing further toward her breasts, bulging in her simple knit dress. I joined her lips again, putting my hands on both her knees, underneath her dress.

"Stand up," I told her as I swept my hands up to her hips, revealing milky thighs, wide hips narrowing into her waist beautifully. I kissed her again as I began to pull the dress toward and over her shoulders, leaving her standing in front of me nervously.

"Lovely," I said, smiling. She grinned but couldn't seem to manage words. "Take them off," I told her her. I took the opportunity to place my shirt on the floor. Once the underwear was gone I kissed her once more and lowered her to the bed. Once there I grabbed the vibrator and teased her entrance with it before letting it enter her. 

I slid it in and out of her, as her juices smoothed the passage. I turned up the vibrator up and began to tease her clit with my fingers. She moaned and mouthed, "Yes, please". I kept the vibrator moving in and out of her as I lowered my head to her pussy, and smelled her before flicking my tongue out, barely teasing the lips of her wet mound. She moaned again and tried to move her hips into my tongue, but once again found me retreating.

"Please, don't tease me," She asked, short of breath as the vibrator did its work. I kept up the teasing for a few more moments as she groaned in frustration before attacking her clit with my tongue, holding the folds of her open with my free hand allowing me to swirl around her clit, darting my tongue over it. She began to moan louder and her hips began to buck more urgently. I continued the rotation of licks and broad strokes while increasing the tempo of the vibrator pushing in and out of her.  

As she began to yell, "Don't stop, please, Don't stop." I firmed my lips and took her clit in between them. She ground her clit into my face as I pressed back against her holding her clit firmly. I slid my tongue over her clit, still held between my lips, faster and harder as she continued to moan. I could feel her need, and continued my assault on her pussy and clitoris, until I felt the tell-tale shudders of her impending orgasm. I attacked harder bringing her over the edge, breathing heavily.

As she caught her breath I once again slid my hands into the hair on the back of her head, kissing her and asking, "You taste wonderful, taste yourself on my lips, you're not done yet." She smiled at me as we kissed, "I hope not," she said impishly. I pulled her into a sitting position by her hair, gently, using her mane to guide her where I wanted her. I put a hand on her neck, my thumb on her cheek as I kissed her again before whispering into her ear. "As I remember there were some things you were curious about."

As I held onto her mane. I pushed a shoulder to move her around, facing the bed. I pushed a knee onto the bed and told her, "Get on the bed and lay down on your stomach." She smiled and did so eagerly as I released her.

I reached into my bag of tricks again. I found the blindfold and tied it around her eyes as she lay there in front of me, a vision of sexual energy. She smiled, but nervously. A little anxious at losing her sense of sight. I took four restraints out of my bag and buckled them onto her hands and ankles. I clasped her hands together, and then her feet together. 

As soon as she was restrained I rubbed my hands together vigorously before adding a little oil. I placed them on her back and began to work the oils into her skin, smoothing out the muscles along her spine with my large firm hands. I rubbed gentle circles around her neck, and wiggled my fingers while keep them firm; I rubbed down from her neck, down her shoulders, down her arms. Several times I repeated the path. Down her neck, down her shoulders, down her spine. I followed her muscles as then relaxed, down her lower back to the edge of her luscious ass. And once I finally reached her ass, I slapped her right cheek firmly. She jumped and took in a sharp breath.

"Are you ready for my cock," I said, reaching between her legs and massaging her clit.

"Please," She said, "Don't make me wait, give me your cock."

I put my cock her in hands, bound together, and she worked it as best she could, laying face down on the bed. I slid myself between her hands, the massage oil allowing our skin to slide over one another. I pulled away and put a hand on her lower back, near her ass as I brought my other hand down again with a loud crack.

"I'm not really convinced you're ready."

"Give me your cock, NOW!" she shouted impatiently.

My hand came down twice more. "I think you're ready," I said, "But you don't get to call the shots either." I spanked her again for good measure before grabbing her legs and pulling her hips to the edge of the bed and allowing her bound feet to hit the floor, her knees floating between her and the bed.

I leaned over her, holding myself up on my elbows. My left hand wiggled into her hair, pulling her head back gently as I caressed her cheek with my. I held her head in place and used my right hand to slide my cock up and down over the warm, slicked entrance to her pussy. She pushed her hips back trying to sink my cock into her, but I teased her, never quite entering her.

"Please, fuck me. Just fuck me" She said.

I chuckled as I pulled back again, rubbing her clit with my cock. She moaned in frustration continuing to buck. I finally relented, sliding into her cunt and sliding slowly as deep as I could, my hips pressing her into the bed. I used my right hand to grip her shoulder and pull her into me. I began to push in and out of her, softly. I reached down and played with her clit as my cock pulled out and then descended rhythmically.

I kept fucking her slowly, my cock making its way in and out of her, but I rubbed her clit with more intensity. I could feel her muscles, stimulated by the clitoral contact, gripping my cock tighter as I drove into her as deep as I could. I began fucking her faster and harder as her breaths shortened and she moaned, "Fuck me, Please fuck me harder"

I picked up my pace and began to slide my fingers over her clit, pressing more firmly and moving them faster, aided by the massage oils. My cock plunged in and out of her. Harder and harder as I instinctively raced toward my own orgasm. I could feel hers building. I pulled myself out of her for a moment, slapping her ass again. I rolled her onto the bed, settling her on her back as she gasped, and said, "Why did you stop, just keep fucking me." I laughed and released her hands and feet, but leaving the blindfold.

I grabbed her legs and put them over my shoulders, positioning myself between her legs. I slid a vibrating ring on my cock and held a vibrator in my other hand. I leaned over her and entered her, pressing as deep as I could, the vibrating ring stimulating her clit. I began to move in and out, picking up the pace quickly as we found our rhythm again. I lowered the vibrator to her clit as I used my other hand to press her into the bed.

I slammed into her pussy, maintaining a fast, steady pace, sliding the vibrator around her clit. I began to fuck her pussy more and more savagely as I felt her building, closer and closer to climax. I continued fucking her as I turned off the vibrator and brought it to her mouth. She took it in as far as she could, tasting her own juices while I slammed into her roughly, grinding against her, feeling her hips grind right back into mine as the cock ring worked its magic on her. We ground together for another moment.

I took the vibrator out of her mouth and put it into her hands and guiding her hands to her pussy. She continued to build toward her orgasm as I fucked her more and more roughly, slamming into her. I grabbed her savagely by both upper arms, trapping them against her sides. I lowered my head and engulfed her breasts with my mouth, my tongue twirling around her nipples. I put my lips over my teeth and pinched them before kissing my way up to her neck, and then meeting her tongue again, the vibrator pressed between us as I raised and lowered my hips and she rocked to meet every thrust.

I held myself up, still grasping her arms and pressing her forcefully into the bed. She moaned with more urgency and I used my grip on her upper arms to pull her into my every thrust.

"Fuck me harder, I'm so close," she squealed in ecstasy, "Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me." She repeated. I fucked her harder, but held off until she finally yelled, "I'M CUMMING, I'M CUMMING, FUCK MEE." 

I let myself go, reaching for my own orgasm just behind hers. I slammed into her as hard and rapidly as I could, seeking my own orgasm. She squealed and moaned as her orgasm washed over her and the fucking continued to intensify.

I slammed into her with everything I had, feeling myself convulsing into her pussy, stimulated by the waves of her orgasm. We shuddered in each others arms as I collapsed on her, barely holding my weight off of her with my elbows as I emptied myself into her pussy. I lay there for a moment, breathing heavily, deep inside her.