 I don't understand people who don't like weddings, I love them. Drinks, food, bridesmaids, what's not to like? When my friend Jennifer got married, I was looking forward to it until I realised how stressed out everyone was. My girlfriend was the maid of honour and she got way too worked up about it. On the day, the bridal party wasn't very organised so I was roped in to help out, taking bags to the hotel and things like that. The wedding was fine but when we got to the hotel, Jennifer wanted a ridiculous number of official photos in the grounds, with her and her new husband in various poses. I think even the photographer was bored and he was getting paid for it. 

While they were off being photographed and my girlfriend was supervising, I was catching up with Jennifer's older sister, Cara. I had known the family since we were kids and actually dated Cara for a short time when we were younger, but she was married now and we didn't see each other as often as we would like. She looked smoking hot in her bridesmaid dress though, it was a long, dark purple dress but it was skin tight with a corset style waist. She had her dark blonde hair curled and tied up professionally with a few curls hanging down to frame her face. 

We were young when we dated and she had always maintained that she didn't want to have sex until she was married. She used to let me finger her while she wanked my cock, but we never had sex. Now that she was married though, I think she kind of realised that sex isn't necessarily as big a deal as some people make it out to be. Although she was a fairly shy and reserved woman by nature, she had been a bit more open and flirty with me the last few months. I kind of got the feeling that maybe she regretted not enjoying herself a bit more when she was young and single. 

I politely told her that the bridesmaid dress looked good on her and, to my slight surprise, she told me I looked really hot in my dark suit. She winked at me when she said it and coyly sipped on her drink through a straw. We carried on chatting until Cara said "oh I just remembered, I've got a few of Jennifer's bags in my car, would you mind helping me take them upstairs." 

Of course I didn't mind so we headed outside, grabbed a couple of suitcases from the car and I followed Cara up to her room. She said we would just dump everything in her room and Jennifer could collect her stuff later. 

The room Cara had booked with her husband was bigger than the one my girlfriend and I had, and when we had put the bags down, I wondered over to the window to see if they had a view. I don't know why I always do that in hotels, I guess it's just a habit. I had barely turned back from the window when Cara, who had moved right behind me, quickly moved in and pushed her lips against mine. I was shocked and before I had time to react, she put her arms around my neck and pushed her tongue into my mouth. I had no idea what to do so I just grabbed her by the waist and kissed her back. 

She pressed her body up against mine and I ran my hands down over her firm arse. As I grasped it tightly, she let out a moan and kissed me harder. I remembered how sensitive her small breasts were so I brought one hand up, ran it over her chest, and grasped one of them. As I gently squeezed it, she pulled her mouth off mine, groaned loudly and said "I need you, I want it right now, I need you inside me." 

She frantically began pulling the long thick hem of her dress up and bunching it in her arms. 

"Are you sure about this?" I asked, immediately regretting that question. 

"Yes I need it" she moaned. 

As she managed to get the bulk of her dress above her hips, she looked down and said "damn corset is so tight, I'll bend over, you can fuck me from behind." I couldn't believe what was happening, I had never seen her act like this. Actually, come to think of it, I don't think I had even heard her swear before. 

I hadn't even finished that thought before she had turned around and bent over the bed, still clutching her dress. I looked down to see her amazing sexy arse in a tight pair of black panties. Her long smooth legs were stood straight and slightly spread apart. 

I quickly pulled my zipper down and yanked my cock out as stepped up behind her and slid her panties down her legs. I ran the head of my dick over the lips of her pussy and found that she was soaking wet. I rubbed it up and down her lips a couple of times and she groaned "put it in me, please fuck me."

She was so wet that when I lined it up and pushed forward, my dick sunk about half way into her pussy. We both grunted loudly and I pulled back a bit and pushed forward again. I couldn't believe I was finally fucking this hotty, her warm pussy was the tightest thing I had ever felt. I started slamming back and forth and was soon buried all the way inside her. 

After a minute or two, she steadied herself on one elbow and reached back to rub herself with one hand while I fucked her. I had no idea why she was so horny but she was really into it, she was thrusting her hips back to meet mine and grunting with every thrust. 

"Oh fuck" she moaned "it's so big, you're so much bigger than Dom."

It hadn't hit me until then, I knew she was a virgin when she got married so as far as I knew, she had only ever had sex with her husband. I kept slamming into her and it wasn't long before her moaning got louder and her rubbing got more frantic. 

I slammed into her as hard as I could as she gritted her teeth and her tight pussy got even tighter around my dick as she came. I slowed just a little as she came down from her orgasm and then resumed pounding her until I could feel that I was going to cum too. 

"Fuck, that tight pussy's gonna make me cum" I moaned "where do you want it?"

"Not on the dress" she almost shouted, "please don't get it on the dress." 

She thought for a second and then said "um, just do it inside me." 

I didn't need to be told twice, I thrust a couple more times, buried myself deep, grunted, and exploded a load of cum in Cara's pussy. After a minute of catching my breath, I pulled my dick out and she immediately reached a hand down and cupped it over her pussy. Slightly awkwardly, she stood up, reached down with the other hand and pulled her panties up so as not to let any of my cum escape. 

With a smile, she kissed me on the lips and said "that was amazing but I need to go clean up before I ruin this dress, I'll see you downstairs?"

"Sure" I replied as I watched her shuffle to the bathroom to clean my cum out of her. I wiped my dick off with some tissues from the dresser and stuffed it back in my trousers before letting myself out. As I made my way back down to the bar, my phone beeped with a text message from Cara. It read 'thanks for that, your dick felt amazing. Maybe later we can see how much of it we can fit in my mouth?'