 My name is Penny. At 19, I'm a sophomore at college, studying philosophy. I've always a thing for my philosophy professors – they're so cocky and smart. I have to admit, their arrogance turns me on like nothing else. One semester, I had an encounter I'll never forget. 

&

"Hello? Professor Webb?"

"Yes, you've reached Eric Webb."

"Hi Professor, it's me, Penny-"

"Oh hey Penny, how are you?"

"I'm great, actually! I was just wondering if you had any free time this week to go over my midterm with me …"

"Sure .. lemme see … how about 6 on Tuesday? I know it's late, but I teach all day before, and this week is suddenly very busy."

"That's great! I guess I'll see you then!"

"See you then."

"Bye!"

I had just gotten my midterm back from Professor Webb. I didn't really have any questions about it, but I always enjoyed talking to him and having my intelligence challenged, so I had decided to call him and make an appointment to see him.

Professor Webb had a wonderful sarcastic wit about him that put me on edge, and I knew that he liked me - he always played with his wedding ring absentmindedly when we talked in class. If he was standing just right, sometimes I could get a nice look at his little round ass. He wasn't stunning, but there was something open and inviting about his face. Maybe it was the warm, slightly dorky smile he made when he talked. He was about 35, and had dark, curly brown hair, small eyes behind glasses, and beautiful, strong-looking hands.

As I was at home, getting ready to go back to school to meet with him, I decided on a whim to wear something sexy .. not too sexy, just a little tight. I liked to watch him try not to look at my breasts and my full hips and round ass. I have what I guess you would call an hourglass figure. I'm quite tall for a girl, 5' 8", and men (and women) always comment on my tiny waist and wide hips. I have to admit, I dress to accentuate the difference. I have what I've been told are strikingly beautiful large, hazel eyes, hair like coal, full lips, pale skin and a long, lean neck. So, to show it off a little, I put on a tight, low cut t-shirt and tight, low rise jeans that really squeeze my ass. I finish it off with just a little bit of makeup: a touch of eyeliner, some mascara, and a deep red-brown lip color.

When I get to his office, the campus is almost dead, and it's snowing softly. The quality of the light in the sky is almost luminescent, and the snow muffles any sounds that might be working their way through the atmosphere. I walk in to the building and press the elevator button, and as I'm waiting I see a guy I boned a couple of months ago reading and say hi. We talk for a minute, and seeing him turns me on a little: I can feel the wetness and sensitivity in my pussy. As I'm riding up the elevator, I enjoy the head rush from the speed, and jump a little as it stops, so I'm suspended in midair for just a moment, weightless. I'm about to knock on Professor Webb's door when it opens from the inside.

"Oh, hi Penny. I was actually hoping to go out for a smoke. Would you mind?"

"No, not at all, I could use one myself. But .. I didn't know you smoked."

"Bad habit." he smirked, "From my hard-partying student days."

Once we're outside again, I shudder from the cold.

"Do you want to borrow my jacket?" he asks.

"No, I'm okay Professor." "You should call me Eric. There's no need for that kind of formality between us, is there?" I shake my head no, and smile. I can't help but notice that his hands are so perfectly shaped as he holds his cigarette.

"So what did you want to talk about, Penny?"

"Well, I was just thinking I could discuss my midterm with you. Did you forget already?" I tease.

"Is that really it? You got an A, and I'm sure you understand the material."

"Well … I really just was hoping to talk to you about … anything at all. I don't get a lot of back and forth at home."

"And you came here for … back and forth?" I blush. "Well, yeah. You're my teacher. I'm your student. Is that unusual, Eric?"

I make eye contact with him, and look down again. He's looking at me, in a penetrating way that a teacher has never looked at me before.

"Well," he says, as he stubs out his cigarette, "back upstairs, eh?" He holds the door for me, and I can't help imagining his eyes traveling over my back, and swing my hips a little in response.

When we get into his office again, he closes the door, and it's immediately cramped. We're both standing, and he brushes by me on his way to his desk. My chest and groin touch his for a second, and I look up at him, looking down at me, and I can't help licking my lips. The next instant, he's pulled my coat half-off, pinning my arms behind my back, and breathing into my face. I lean up to kiss him, and his mouth is in mine, his tongue invading my throat and caressing my tongue as he pushes me back against the wall. I feel his cock get hard under me, and rub myself against it as much as I can pinned between him and the wall. He reaches one hand down to my ass, and squeezes it roughly; finding my pussy he gropes it, while his other hand goes to my head and grabs my hair, pulling me up and forcing his tongue further into my mouth. After a minute, he rips my shirt off over my head.

"Turn around." he says. I don't have much choice, as he turns me so that my face and chest are pressed up against the wall. He uses my shirt to tie my hands behind my back, and reaches around and starts unbuttoning my jeans.

"Eric …" I say, my breath short from my position, "what are you doing?"

"I know this is why you came to see me tonight, Penny. And I'm going to teach you a lot."

He pulls my pants down, and now I'm bare except for my bra and thong. He reaches around to rub my clit, and I'm so aroused that my panties are practically soaked. He laughs, grabs my throat, and pulls my head back a little, whispering:

"Oh, you're a horny little girl, aren't you? Well, don't get too loud. You don't know who might be listening."

As Eric is rubbing and pinching my clit, his hand reaches under my bra and finds my hard, aroused nipple. He strokes it first, then pinches that as well while rubbing his painfully erect penis against my ass. I rub back, and moan as he brings me close to cuming.

He turns me around, and kisses me again, hard, so hard my mouth is stretched and it's almost painful. He pulls off his shirt and, while I'm still dazed from what's happening, quickly ties my legs together so that it's hard for me to stand on my own. He puts me down on the floor and unzips his pants.

"Penny, you're a college girl, so you probably know how to suck cock, right?" I open my mouth to answer, but he shoves it in. It's a good 7 or 8 inches, and wider than any other penis I've ever seen. It stretches my mouth out, but I want to suck it, to have all of it in my mouth. I can only take half in at first, and rub my tongue all over it. I'm not sure if it's the amount of spit in my mouth, or his precum, but some of it dribbles out of my mouth and down my neck.

He grabs my hair, and starts fucking my mouth as I suck him off, taking more and more cock into my throat until I'm sure I'm going to gag. He tilts my head up, and pushes his whole dick into my mouth. I can't take it so I pull back, and he looks down, miffed.

"That wasn't a very good finish." He said, smiling oddly. "I think we'll have to find something we can both enjoy." With that, he lifts me up with his big, strong hands and puts me belly-down on his cold desk, my ass and pussy painfully exposed and vulnerable and my legs up in the air, over my back "And this can go." he says as he rips off my thong.

He drags me back so that my hips are just hanging off of the edge, and starts circling my wet lips with his fingers, avoiding my clit.  "Fuck me, please." I moan, my words dripping with the tension in my body and the need to have something inside of me. Instead, while he plays with my lips his other hand goes to my head and grabs my throat, just tightly enough so I can feel the constriction of air.

"What did you say?" He asks, one of his fingers now stroking my clit and another two pressing into my pussy. He squeezes a little tighter on my throat.

"Fuck me, professor." I gasp. His hand moves onto my face now, and he puts his fingers into my mouth, opening and invading it. Finally, he pulls down his pants under his ass, and plunges into my pussy. I cry out, in pleasure and pain, but his fingers in my mouth muffle it, and entangle my tongue. He pounds at my ass, and I can feel his cock, thicker than anything else I've taken before, filling me up completely with every thrust. He slaps my ass, leans over, and rasps:  "Is this a good lesson, Penny? Are you enjoying yourself?"

"Yeeesssss." I moan, as he pinches my clit and sends me over the edge, bucking and pulling at my restraints as he comes with me. I can feel his sweat dripping onto my bare back, and then I feel his tongue licking it off. I shudder again, relax, and my feet fall to the ground. I try to get off the desk but he pushes me back, roughly.

"What makes you think we're done, Penny? Is that really all you can take, you horny slut?" I start protesting but he takes my wadded underwear, still smelling of me, and shoves it in my mouth. I start gagging, as I'm panting so hard that it's impossible to breath through my nose, but I try to calm down as I reason that Professor Webb would never really hurt me … would he? My breath quickens again as I start struggling with the clothing tying my wrists and ankles, but Eric slaps my ass hard and says:

"Don't worry. This'll only hurt a little bit." He spreads my cheeks wide and dips his cock in my pussy, lubricating it with my juices and his cum, and then finds my asshole and starts nudging it with his dick.

"Come on Penny. Open up. It'll be ok." I know that at this point, bound and gagged, there's nothing much I can do to stop him, so I try to relax the tension in my sphincter and imagine that I'm pushing out a poop.

"That's better." he says, and starts to push the tip of his penis into my asshole. Soon, it's halfway in, and he starts thrusting, pressing deeper with every pass. At first I'm disgusted. I imagine that I can feel little hard bits of shit scraping my colon, and it's all I can do not to panic and tense up again. But then, his one hand comes around to rub my clit, and the other goes to my nipple, and soon I can't help but be aroused by the sensation of being so filled. He plays with my nipple and clit mercilessly, and it hurts a little bit, but by this time his entire shaft is in my ass and I'm bucking against it, fucking him again and about to cum. Just as I'm about to come, his hand goes to my throat again and he grabs me hard, and he cums and squeezes my throat tighter and tighter until for a few seconds I can't breath. It seems like it goes on forever, and by the time he starts to relax his grip I'm cuming too, and the dirtiness of it turns me on the most. I can feel it in my clit, my bladder, my ass, my pussy, and I squirm for a minute more while he tickles my sides.

Professor Webb pulls his cock out slowly, and I feel my little sphincter retract again once his thick member is out of my ass. He takes my panties out of my mouth, and I'm too dazed to move for a second. He rubs my ass and says:

"Well, that was fun." I nod and chuckle a little, and try to get up.

"Here, let me help you." He unties my ankles first, then pulls me up by my shoulders and kisses me again, deeply and slowly, nipping my lips and massaging my tongue gently with his own. Then he reaches around me and unties my hands, bringing them around to my front and rubbing my wrists a little. There are pins and needles in my hands as they come back to life, and I look around, suddenly realizing where I am and feeling very exposed in only a tangled bra. I look around for my panties, and realize they're completely unwearable, drenched in saliva and pussy juices. I find the rest of my clothes and put them on shakily, as he does the same.

I slide to the floor, recuperating and getting my bearings, trying to understand what just happened. Well, what just happened was I had the hottest, kinkiest sex of my life with one of my professors. He kneels down next to me, lands on his ass, and says:  "Penny, you're the best lay I've had in years." While I know that it's a horribly chauvinist remark, I can't help but smile at the fact that I should be offended at that, but have enjoyed what just happened.

"Likewise," I reply.