 Chapter 2 of my first story, Pent-Up Release. To new readers, if you have not read my first chapter, please read it first before reading this chapter. 

.......................................

"AHHH HELL YEA!!!" Otis yelled as his New York Giants scored a touchdown, winning the game in the last few seconds.

I shook my head as I put my controller down, not mad at all that he just beat me in our game.

"Don't act like such a loser. I already told you I was gonna kick your ass."

"Man, shut the fuck up. I don't really care. It's just a game." 

We just got through playing the latest Madden game Otis got for Christmas, and I honestly don't care that he won. My mind wasn't totally focused on the game, anyway.

"Dude, where was your mind at?" Jimmy asked. Ugh. He is so annoying. "You had the Green Bay Packers, man. How the hell did you end up losing so bad?"

I swear I'm about to punch his lights out. "Dammit guys, lay off me. I told y'all I didn't feel like playing."

I got up from my chair and left. I ain't got time to be messing with these fools. Sure they're my roommates and all, but that doesn't mean I have to listen to them. Like I told them, I got a lot on my mind right now.

I just can't stop thinking about her. It happened weeks ago, but I still remember it like it happened yesterday.

To be honest, I have been thinking about it too much. Hell, it's all I think about. No other girl I've ever met has done something that daring, amazing, and mind-blowing. Maybe it's because she's not a girl. No, she's not. She's a fucking woman! And I want her to be mine. NOW.

Without even realizing it, I somehow ended up in front of her door. Smiling to myself, I knocked. I heard faint shuffling through the door.

She's not up yet? Good. I want my face to be the first one she sees. Hearing the door handle twisting on the other side, I let my arm lean on the door and pulled out my most dazzling smile. The door opening, I looked down into the very sleepy eyes of....

Her roommate. Fuck. 

"Hey, Q." I watched her as she rubbed the sleep out of her eyes.

"What up, Ella." Walking past her, I searched her room. "Where Dee at?" I asked casually.

"Um, I think she's in the shower." Yawning, she got back into her bed and pulled out her laptop.

"Why the fuck you not up yet?" I asked, disappointed but aroused at the thought of Dee naked in the shower.

"Well Q, I had to work early this morning and I was fucking tired," Ella replied, mimicking me.

"Yeah, whatever." I turned around and left the room. "Catch ya later." I closed the door behind me.

I looked down at myself. I was beyond hard. Damn, I gotta get rid of this boner, and fast. With Dee nowhere in sight, I pulled out my phone and dialed a number. If I can't get it from her, then I'm just gonna have to get it someplace else.

..................................................

I was in her room and her roommate was gone. She was sucking so damn good on my dick. Looking down at her, I smirked. I forgot she gave some good head. Taking my hand, I put it on the back of her head and started pushing her further down my long staff. Closing my eyes, I pulled up my memories, remembering how my secret lover's tight pussy felt around me. The thought of her immediately had me harder, and I knew I was close to my happy ending. With a final thrust, I released my seed into the girl's mouth, holding her head captive while I let her take all my seed into her mouth.

Done, I let her go. She swallows and wipes her mouth. "Damn, boo. You came faster than you normally do. I guess you missed me, didn't you?" Sending me what she thought was a sexy grin, I just smirked at how wrong she was and motioned for her to roll over. Complying, she moved until she was on her stomach and lifted her hips until her ass was in my face. Grabbing it between my two hands, I roughly thrust myself into her.

I tried focusing on the girl beneath me, but my mind wouldn't let me. All I could think about was the woman who fucking rocked my world. I pumped harder, willing the pussy in front of me to be the one I so desperately wanted. Her scent, her lips, her hands overtook my senses until I couldn't hold back any more. Pulling out, I squirted my heavy load onto the girl's floor. There's only been one chick who I ever came inside, and I don't plan on changing that. 

"The way you were going there, I seriously thought you were gonna cum inside me this time," she said.

"Hell naw. I'm not gonna risk getting you pregnant. You lucky I decided not to use a condom on your nasty ass." I don't fucking care that she is glaring hatefully at me right now. I got off and now I'm about to bounce. My clothes finally on, I shook my head at her while she wasn't looking before I walked out of her room.

That girl doesn't respect herself enough. She willingly allows me to use her as a hit-it-and-quit-it. If she doesn't respect herself, how does she expect me to do the same?

..................................................

After getting back to my room with feeling only a little bit satisfied, I decide to go take a shower. I don't feel like having this girl's funk on me anymore. 

Grabbing my robe and my bathroom essentials, I head down to the guy's restroom. I walk immediately over to the shower and get the water going. Once it got as hot as I wanted, I walked in and let it fall through my hair and down my body. 

Feeling a lot less dirty, I stretch my arm out to brace myself against the shower's wall and close my eyes. Immediately, my mind brings up all these memories that seem to have been missing. Shivers run through my body as I remember the softest lips kissing my throat, my neck, my chest. They kiss me until I feel a tongue lightly tasting the tip of my dick, before a mouth completely devours my large member.

I open my eyes, surprised at the vivid detail. When did this happen? When I finally came to, she and I only had sex. I don't remember her ever sucking me off. But...when I woke up, it was like my mind was clearing away this annoying fog. It was like I had been...

My eyes widening, I stepped out from under the scorching water. She drugged me! She fucking DRUGGED me!! My fists clenching, I punched the wall. That explains how she was able to get over on me like that! The way she was able to move me from my bed onto the chair...if she hadn't drugged me, I would've woken up and realized what she was about to do! I felt my jaw clenching. FUCK!

I wanted to be mad at her. I wanted to get her back. But the images started fighting their way back up to the service, covering me completely in their lustful allure. I closed my eyes again, letting my hand drop so that it could grip me. I let her haunting image pleasure me like I've never been pleasured. Being completely soaked, it was easy for me to pump myself fast and hard. I thought about her lips, her hands, her heat, her inner walls. I thought about how much I wanted my arms free so that I could run them over her small but tender breasts, tease at her erect nipples, and pull her hair as she carried me closer and closer to my release. I wanted to guide her hips as I took over and thrust all of myself into her, listening to her gasps, her moans, her squeaks, her voice. I want her to yell dirty words at me, to scream my name, to give herself completely to me.

"Oh my god, Q. This feels so good!!!"

A growling yell escapes my lips as I cum all over the shower stall. I'm surprised as I release a second and third load. 

"Fuck...just the thought of her made me cum harder than when I was with that girl." 

I shake my head in amazement. Screw what I said earlier. Dee gives the BEST head.

Finishing up in the shower and cleaning up my mess, I shuffled back to my room and quickly got dressed. I suddenly had this burning need to see her. Unfortunately, my roommates had to stick their asses into my business.

"Dude, why are you taking a shower in the middle of the day?" Otis asked me, looking at a football game on ESPN. "Needed a jerkoff session?"

"Seriously, shut up. I'm going to see someone." I normally ignored Otis, but I did not need him thinking what was exactly the truth.

"Awwww...looks like you found yourself a nice piece of tail. What happened to that one other girl...uhhh-". I saw Otis reaching for me to tell him her name, but I wasn't having it.

"O, just shut up. Let me do me and you do you. Stay out of my business." I was really ready to leave. I needed to see her.

"I guess we can take that as a yes." I glared at Jimmy. "Don't put words in my fucking mouth. Now, lay off!"

Otis and Jimmy just stared at me. I guess they were shocked at my sudden outburst. But honestly, I just need to see-

"Hey, guys. What's up with all the yelling?" 

My body immediately zoned in on her voice. She had a low and country accent, and I always teased her when she said words wrong. 

"Ah, nothing. Q just being a jerk," Jimmy answered. 

She shook her head and smiled. "Figures."

I rolled my eyes. "Yeah, whatever." I unconsciously motioned for her to sit in the chair in our room. After a slight hesitance, she sat down. "So what you been up to, Dee?"

She sighed. "I was supposed to go see a movie today, but I ended up losing my ID. I didn't feel like seeing it anymore and came back." She looked really sad and I wanted to cheer her up, but of course, Otis beat me to it.

"Aw don't worry, Dee. If anybody finds it, they'll probably just have it mailed back to your house." I bristled when he patted her on the shoulder.

"Thanks O," she said as she sent him a smile. I felt my jaw clenching. "I'm just upset I couldn't go see the movie today like I wanted."

I just shrugged at her. "You probably didn't miss anything. I bet it would've been a gay ass movie."

I only got a warning from her anger-filled eyes before she lashed out at me. "Why the hell would you say that?! How is a movie about World War II 'gay'? Some of the best movies are the ones that tell war stories, and you're going to stand there and say that?!!" I was caught off guard when she pulled a left hook on my shoulder.

"Whoa, dude. Calm down." I braced my hands in front of me so she couldn't hit me again.

"Oh I'm not done yet. Quit using 'gay' like that! It's derogatory and you have NO RIGHT to say it! Do you have any respect for the GLBT community?"

I heard what she was saying, but I wasn't listening anymore. I kept getting distracted by how brightly her eyes sparkled and how her nose crinkled ever so lightly when she was angry. She is breathtaking when she's mad.

"Q! Are you even listening to me?!" I was suddenly hit by a flurry of slaps across my shoulder, chest, and almost my face.

I grabbed her by the wrists and while she struggled to break free, I decided to push her buttons. "Damn, girl. The way you be hitting me, you be making me think that you just wanna have a reason to touch me."

I saw her hands tighten into fists. "Of course you would think like that, you chauvinistic playboy!"

"Hey now, calm down." Otis none too subtlety turned up the TV's volume. "Take your bickering somewhere else."

"What the hell have you been smoking?" Jimmy looked in surprise at Otis. "This right here is comedy gold!"

"You guys need to shut up and get him off me!" Dee, still straining against my grip, tried to bite me, but I moved my hand before she could.

"Sorry Dee, but I pride myself on not getting involved between lovers' quarrels." I almost smirked at the look Dee had on her face after Otis' comment. Taking it a bit further, I pulled her slightly closer to me.

"Yeah, Dee. This is just between you and me." I lowered my head until my mouth was inches away from her hair. I heard her sharp intake of breath as she sensed the sudden proximity. "You hit me like you're my girl. You yell at me, you correct me, and you're constantly in my room. Hell, you even took care of me when I was sick. You might as well be mine. How about we kiss so we can seal the deal..."

I knew what I was doing was wrong. But seeing the look on her face as I lowered my lips to meet hers was just too hard to resist. I felt a yearning in my loins that wanted me to kiss her so badly, to truly claim her. I want to kiss those soft lips that weeks before had devoured my own. So close...so close...

..................................................

Hold up, hold up, HOLD UP! TIME! OUT!

He may be telling this story, but I believe I deserve a cut-in right about now.

Now I may love this dude and all, but no way in HELL am I going to just let him serenade me right here in front of his roommates. They won't EVER let this go if this happens! What is wrong with Q? He's been acting so weird lately and it's really getting on my nerves. He acts like he knows it was me. I highly doubt that though, because if he did know, he would've told me almost immediately while grinning like a maniac and acting like a damn fool. I don't know what's been wrong with him, and I don't know what's wrong with him now. Is this supposed to be some kind of a joke to him? Goddammit! 

And to think I thought I was a pervert! He'll easily make out with me in front of his roommates despite everything they'll do to us afterwards. Damn he's such an idiot! Joke or not, he needs to stop thinking with his damn dick and start actually thinking. 

Such a cocky, rude, chauvinistic, dick-faced jerk! Why the hell did I give him ass in the first place? He probably has booty calls all over this campus, now that I think about it. Oh, what's that? My overly sensitive mind is telling me that I gave him some because I love him? That's such a girl thing to say. Why is my brain acting like such a girl, right now of all times? This asshole didn't deserve it, and he's definitely proving that right now.

He got it twisted if he thinks he can play me like any other girl. I am SO NOT any other girl. Time to teach him a lesson.

You think you can treat me like these other girls, Q? 

...You do? Well, you just thought wrong.

Time. In.

..................................................

She punched me. She fucking punched me. And she fucking punched me hard.

I don't even know how she got out of my grip. One second, I was millimeters away from her tantalizing lips, and the next, she left hooked me in my jaw. 

I stumbled back and grabbed my chin, checking to see if anything was broken. Otis and Jimmy were looking at me and laughing hysterically. And Dee...damn, I did a number on her. Her face was red, her eyes were glaring daggers at me, and her fists were clenched at her sides. I just royally pissed her off. Trying to save face, I played dumb.

"Fuck, Dee! What the hell was that for?!"

"You being a jackass! I don't let ANY man grab me like that, especially without my permission."

My jaw dropped, and I immediately felt a stinging numbness on my right cheek. Without her permission? Wasn't she the one who snuck into MY room and tied me to a chair and essentially raped me?! I looked at her again. 

...Could I have been wrong?

I was going to apologize, but she held up her hand. "Don't even start. You went too far this time. You're going to have to do something BIG to get forgiveness for this." She took her dagger eyes off of me and looked at Otis and Jimmy. Shaking her head, she just about whispered, "See you guys later." 

And with that, she was gone.

"Dude, did you see how pissed she was? You sure know how to treat a woman, Q." Chuckling, Jimmy left the room.

I ran my hand through my hair and looked at Otis. "I really fucked up, didn't I?"

He cut his eyes at me before turning his attention back to the TV. "Big time."

Closing my eyes, I laid down on my bed. Not wanting anyone to see my face, I threw my arm over my head and just allowed myself to settle into the darkness. 

How could I have been so fucking stupid? Dee? Really? Why in the world would I even think that it was her?

She is a virgin. She doesn't want to date. She doesn't want to be in a relationship. She was with her ex for almost a year and she barely did anything with him. Why in the hell would I expect her to do something like that with me? She doesn't love me, I don't love her. We're...not even friends really. Sure we talk, but that's only in our dorm hall. I don't ever see her on campus and I don't socialize with her. Ever. We're in two different majors so we can't even study together. What in my right mind had me thinking my anonymous lover was Dee?

Maybe I thought that because...because I wanted so badly for it to be her. I was blindfolded. I didn't see her face. I thought I recognized her touch and her voice, but then again, don't women tend to sound the same in bed? Sure, they have their little differences, but for the most part they make the same noises. Any girl could have made those soft squeaks. Any girl could have touched me like that. 

My jaw clenched, feeling less pain than before. But I didn't want it to be just any girl. I wanted it to be the girl of my dreams. I wanted it to be...

..................................................

I felt a warmth on the middle my chest. I tried to ignore it, but then the warmth spread across my entire chest. Struggling to open my eyes, I looked around and realized it was night. It was pitch black save for two candles.

...Candles?

My eyes finally focused, I looked down at my chest. I felt two hands rubbing the warm oil all over my chest, and whenever she removed her hands, she replaced them with her lips. The kisses she was planting across my abdomen had me relaxing immediately. I don't know what's going on, but I don't want her to stop. When her kisses got higher on my chest, I reached my arm out to run my fingers through her hair. So thick...so long. 

I arched my back as I felt her lips hover over my nipples. Lightly whimpering, I laid still as she kissed and sucked on my neck and throat, feeling her light weight hovering over me. I knew I was getting hard and I knew I wouldn't be able to take it anymore. But just as I closed my eyes, she shifted herself up and kissed me gently on the lips.

I am so rock hard right now. I grabbed fistfuls of her hair and furiously kissed her. I memorized her lips, and I begged her with my body to open her mouth so that I could taste her sweet cavity. She invited me in, and I devoured her. I felt her hands snake up into my hair as she wrapped her legs around my waist. With her sitting on top of me, I still wanted more. I moved my hands down to her slender torso and ran my hands up her soft skin until I came into contact with her bra. As she kissed her encouragement, I softly raised her bra over her small but perfect mounds. Reaching behind her, I undid her bra clasps, and let her small orbs fall into my hands. They fit so perfectly in my hand. I rubbed at her nipples, loving the fact that they were so hard and ready for me. Motioning for her to get up, I switched our position until we were laying on our sides. With my head nestled between her breasts, I wrapped my arms around her and pulled her closer. I gently ran my tongue between the dip in her chest and kissed the undersides of her breasts. Feeling her hands tighten within my hair, I pulled her supple nipple into my mouth. I sucked on it like I was a baby, running my tongue around her dark tip. I heard her soft moans as I blew at her moistened tip. Leaving a light kiss on her savory nipple, I moved over to the next one and repeated my ministrations. I want to be in her so bad, but I need to do this first. I need to memorize her body. Just like she memorized mine. 

Reluctantly, I left her tight nipples and moved further down her body, leaving kisses all across her flat navel. I felt her hands move to my shoulders. The oil she put on me left my shoulders tingling when she touched me, and it only served to arouse me even more. Leaving kisses across her hip line, I dove deeper until my lips found the first stray strands that led to her neatly trimmed mound. 
