 This is a short story about a whirlwind romance.

Pepper Lee is my name. I'm sort of a boy named Sue, if you recall that old Johnny Cash song. My father was in love with a girl in high school named Pepper. He told me it was an androgynous name that would work for boy or girl. Growing up I was teased with things like "Hey Pepper, where's your salt?"

When I graduated from college, I was a late bloomer. I had to get married to get laid. Boy was that a mistake. We got married a week after I graduated. At first, she wasn't that bad of a wife in the sense that we seemed to love one another. But soon we just did not see eye-to-eye on sex. Brenda, that's my ex-wife, she was a prude to me. I mean total Victorian-esque showing your bare ankle is a sin kind of woman. She had joined some kind of church where the women dressed like the Mennonites and wore plain dresses with subtle patterns.

My story is not about my ex-wife. It's about my experience with a woman I started to date as my marriage was falling apart. At the time, my marriage was virtually over. We were sleeping in separate rooms, and never spoke to one another. I found out after we split that Brenda was fucking the Pastor neighbor across the street, and had been since about 6-months after our wedding. Our marriage lasted 18-months. Thank goodness we did not have kids together.

Set your Way-Back machine to about 10-years ago. My allergies were in a terrible state. I was seeing a dermatologist because my skin was like pizza all over my back. My bi-weekly visits to the medical building gave me the opportunity to see the receptionist on a regular basis.

Her name is Valeria. She's Latina and stunning. Her shoulder length black hair smelled like a summer breeze. Valeria or Val as I called her, stands about 5 feet 6 inches tall, she weighs about 120 pounds, and has deep brown eyes that from a distance, one cannot tell the Pupil from the Iris. Her trim figure, perfectly shaped tits, and luscious red lips are instant hard-on material. Every time I saw Val, it was like Wayne and Garth, "Schwing!"

After joking around with Val for a couple of visits, I asked her out to have a cocktail with me after work. We met at a small out of the way Greek restaurant near the beach. Sitting outside at the bar we talked for hours and watched the Sun set on the horizon over the Pacific Ocean. When it was time to leave, I asked if I could see her again and she said yes. We made a date for the following Saturday.

We walked around a tourist village near the seashore on a beautiful spring afternoon. Man, the sky was blue, white puffy clouds, warm sunshine, and a trophy woman on my arm. We walked holding hands, we ate lunch, and we sat on a bench enjoying the ambiance. People would walk by and smile at us. One older couple said we looked good together.

I put my arm around Val and pulled her close to me. She leaned in close and I kissed her on the cheek.

"What kind of kiss is that?" Val said. "That was a boy kissing his sister kiss. This is a real kiss."

She proceeded to curl my toes. At first her lips were soft and gentle, but in a few seconds, she pulled my head tight to hers and jammed her tongue through my teeth. At the same time, her hands found their way down to my hardening cock and felt it through my slacks. I thought I was going to explode right then and there. I hadn't had a good fuck in several months since the ex-wife locked her knees together for me.

I broke the kiss gasping for air. She looked into my eyes and stood up holding my hand. Val was urging me to go. I was slightly embarrassed that my wood lay along my right leg and bulging out.

When Val saw my bulge she said that famous Mae West quote: "Is that a banana in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?"

I pulled her close to me and looked into her lovely brown eyes and said: "What do you think?" as I ground my cock against her body.

We walked back to my car and drove to a downtown hotel. While I was paying for the room, Val had her hand on my ass and was squeezing it causing me to jump every time she pinched me. Val would pinch, I would jump and turn to look at her, and she would hang herself on my arm giggling.

When we got to the room, Val announced she had to pee and went into the bathroom. I pulled the bed clothes down and waited for her standing in the middle of the room. She came out of the room wearing only her cocoa colored stockings, black garter belt, her fuck-me pumps, and a demi-bra that acted like a shelf for her tits. Each nipple was peeking out over the bra standing proud like two soldiers at attention.

She walked up to me and said: "Like what you see?"

My mouth was open I choked on my saliva as I tried to speak: "Val, you are absolutely stunning!"

Val reached to my chest and started to unbutton my shirt. She was looking into my eyes like a predator sizing up its prey. I tried to move my arms but they were like dead weights. Val's beauty was like nothing I had ever seen before. Trust me I've choked the chicken to many a porno and nobody in those videos can compare to Val.

As I removed my shirt she took ahold of my undershirt and pulled it up over my head. I raised my arms and continued to remove the shirt. Val took one look at my moderately hairy chest, broad shoulders, and flat stomach and sighed. She came close and put her face against my chest and stroked all around my pectoral muscles. She looked like a little girl who just fell into her bed for a nap.

She held me close for a moment and then dropped to her knees to unzip my pants. As they fell to the floor, the bulge in my boxer briefs was straining to get loose from its confinement. Val took both of her hands and placed them on my cock through the fabric. She moved her hands around so that her fingers could explore the profile through my underwear. I stood there watching her examine my dick like a child trying to figure out what's inside the Christmas present under the tree.

I pulled the elastic out and lowered my underwear. Val's face was too close when my cock sprang free and as it rose to the occasion, it hit Val under her chin with a pop. She jumped back and squealed.

"It tried to bite me!" She said.

"I wouldn't get to close if I were you. This thing has a mind of its own sometimes." I said as I rocked my hips wagging my dick side-to-side in front of Val's nose.

She tried to bite my dick as it passed by her nose. We both laughed. I pulled her up to me and held her close again. My cock was pressed between us. I am about 10-inches taller than Val so I squatted down a bit to kiss her. When I did, my dick slid down her belly and rubbed across her exposed clit. She shivered a bit as the shaft and helmet passed by her clit

I bent down further and picked Val up in my arms and walked toward the bed. I set her down on the bed and put one leg over her left side and bent at the knee. I lowered myself straddling Val and brought my left leg onto the bed. I started kissing her and out tongues danced to a romantic tune in my head. I had my cock over the top of her pussy and was dry humping her as we kissed. I could tell this was exciting for her. After a few minutes of this Val inhaled sharply and uttered a groan as she had her first orgasm. When she did I positioned myself between her legs and moved my head to a few inches from her vulva.

Lying on my stomach, I reached my hand toward her pussy and used the back of my fingers to gently feel the silkiness of her shaved labia. The lips were hot to the touch and they glistened in the light from the table lamp behind me on the dresser. When my fingers lightly touched Val's labia, again she inhaled sharply and shuddered as if an electric shock hit her.

The aroma of her pussy was intoxicating. I moved my mouth close and used broad, flat strokes with my tongue all over the outside. I purposely did not lick her slit just yet. That would come later. Using my hands to push her thighs upward, I rocked her pelvis high enough that I could see the rosebud of her asshole. With both hands holding her legs back, I stuck my tongue below her sphincter and licked upward toward her slit. As my tongue crossed the rosebud, I felt Val jump. Before I got to her pussy, I moved downward and licked upward again. With each tongue lap, Val jumped. I continued to lap at her rosebud for a few minutes until I finally lowered her legs and started in on her labia.

Val's pussy lips were hair free and velvety smooth. You know how sometimes when you eat pussy, the razor stubble will irritate your tongue? Not Val, her lips were so smooth that I felt no stubble at all. She later told me that she had her pussy waxed in anticipation of our date.

Using my tongue to split her labia apart, Val twitched as I yodeled in the canyon for several minutes. It wasn't long before the little man in the boat was at attention again and I started sucking in into my mouth. As I applied the vacuum with my mouth I inhaled through my nose and then exhaled through my mouth. The alternating sensation of warm mouth and cool air on her clit was too much for Val to take. She started to climax and in seconds she was squirting all over my face. I tried to capture the most of the salty liquid, but much of it fell onto the sheets below us.

Val had a death grip on my blonde hair. Her breathing was rapid and shallow. She kept uttering deep guttural sounds from her throat as she squirted. Val's legs were over my shoulders as I lay on my stomach. She stiffened her legs around my head and her ankles were crossed as she squeezed tightly during her climax. I could breathe alright, but my hearing was muffled. Even though my head was trapped, my tongue kept slowly lapping at her clit. With each crossing of my tongue across her clit Val would squeeze harder.

Finally, she relaxed and let her legs loose from my head. I arose off Val onto my knees and gripped behind her knees lifting her ass into the air. She realized what she had done and apologized profusely over and over.

"No worries babe," I told her, "I get you back with my dick."

As I said the word dick, I leaned forward and plunged my rock hard one-eyed 7-inch snake into her. It was one long continuous stroke until I bottomed out with my pelvis slammed against her. I pulled out and slammed her again. Val's eyes were big as silver dollars with each stroke. Alternating between fast slamming and painfully slow penetrations, Val could not predict my next stroke. I could see the anticipation in her eyes as I had my cock almost completely out of her pussy.

Val said: "Fuck me damn it and stop fooling around."

I kicked it up a notch. Lowering my chest to hers I placed my head on the bed next to hers to act as an anchor point. I had my knees next to her thighs and her legs around my sides. I then reached below us to grab her ass cheeks pulling them up as I pounded mercilessly into her liquid fire cunt. Like a rabbit I was fucking Val as fast as I could. The sound she made as we fucked can be imitated. Just say ah continuously as you pound your fist to your chest. This is what Val's voice was like.

I let her hips down, pushed upward from her chest and stared into her beautiful brown eyes.

Pounding her I said: "I'm going to cum, where do you want me to put it? Do you want it inside your cunt or in your mouth?

Val said: "Mouth."

I pulled out of her pussy and knee walked over her body to her head. Val opened her mouth and I had her suck my cock. My ex-wife had sucked me a few times but never to completion. When Val put vacuum on my cock as I shot my load, it felt like the inside of my head was going to cave in. Rope after rope of hot sticky cum went into Val's mouth. I had to physically pull myself away from her because the pleasure was too much for my cock to take.

When I pulled out of her mouth, she opened it wide to show me her coated tongue. She played with my cum for a minute and then swallowed it all down. I moved to lie beside her and pulled her on top of me. She rubbed her slit up and down my shaft as I held her close.

"Sweet Jesus woman, how did you learn to suck cock like that?" I asked Val.

She said: "Fast Times at Ridgemont High. Remember the carrot scene?"

I laughed until I could not breathe. Val laughed with me and slid off to my left with her leg over mine and her left hand on my chest. We napped for about an hour. When I woke up, I kissed Val on the forehead and woke her too.

"Let's take a shower and get going." I said.

We left the hotel and I drove Val home. Her young daughter was standing at the door as I drove away. All the way back to my house I contemplated my next move with Brenda. I tried to plan my exit strategy for when I was going to make the break as I drove along the freeway.

After I arrived home that evening and had started watching television, during the news broadcast the weather segment came on. There on the television was the weather gal talking about the beautiful weather today and in the background there were images of the beach and the tourist village Val and I were at. I started to panic. Then, as I suspected the camera cut to a couple walking. The image zoomed in close and there I was walking hand in hand with Val. There was no mistake, it was Val and I. I never knew the video crew was there taking B-roll footage for the news broadcast. Just as the image changed to the weather map, Brenda came around the corner to talk to me. She started in on me about not being home all day on Saturday to work around the apartment. With the image of me and Val fresh in my mind from seeing us on TV, I snapped.

"Life does not start and stop at your convenience you miserable piece of shit." I said to Brenda. "Listen up and listen good. I've had it with your puritanical bullshit. We haven't fucked in six-months, and likely to not fuck again anytime soon. Therefore, take notice BITCH, I'm outta here! Fuck you and fuck those frumpy dumbass long skirts, long sleeves, and high neck collars!"

I stormed off into the bedroom and grabbed one of the suitcases we got as a wedding present and started putting my clothes into it. Brenda did not say a word. She just stood there watching me. No tears, no begging or pleading with me to stay. Brenda had nothing but a stoic stare on her face. I almost knocked her over a couple of times passing by her to get my personal items from the closet and bathroom. Once I had my clothes packed I headed for the door.

I stopped and turned toward Brenda and said: "And another thing. It would not surprise me in the least if you were wearing these stupid clothes to get me to leave so you can fuck someone else. I'll file divorce papers in a day or two. There is nothing here for me to get. I'll tell the landlord we split and you are now responsible for the rent."

I slammed the door on the way out of the apartment. Throwing my suitcase in the back of my truck, I turned on the local oldies station and as I was leaving the complex, what song do you think was playing on the radio at the time? You guessed it, "I'm Free" from the rock opera Tommy, by The Who. What an omen.

The motel I chose was cheap and next to the freeway. The trucks going by were so noisy that I could barely sleep that night. The next day I called in sick to work and went apartment shopping. I found a place near the beach. The rent was acceptable, the complex was quiet, and the area was crime free. In fact, the complex was too quiet. I could hear the neighbor's television three doors down and it wasn't loud either. The apartments were one story and consisted of two long buildings with 10 units each, facing one another with a grass strip and picnic tables and gas grills in the middle.

All that summer, after work I would stop off at the bar around the corner, order a sandwich to go, and drive home. I'd grab a beer from the fridge, get my guitar, and walk to the beach. There I would sit in the sand, eat my sandwich, and play my guitar as the Sun set.

Val would come over from time to time and we would fuck like crazy. It's a good thing that Val is not a screamer because I probably would have been asked to move considering how quiet it was there. We continued to see each other for a few months. Then one day, she said she could no longer see me. She said that her husband wanted to reconcile for the sake of their daughter. I told her I understood and that I wished her well. I also said that if things didn't work out...

About two months after I moved out, I no longer needed to see the dermatologist. Evidently I was allergic to Brenda's cat. When I was no longer in the close proximity of the cat, my skin cleared up very quickly. It's a good thing too, because if I had to keep going and having to see Valeria with each office visit, I probably would have grabbed her by the hand and run off to Las Vegas for a quickie wedding; her husband be damned.

I eventually found the salt to my pepper and we have been happily married for 26-years now. Cheers!