 This man always aroused the hell out of her. She was wet just from his kisses. She thought about the power he held over her as she watched him peel off his shirt. He had told her to lay back on the bed and wait. She was ever obedient where he was concerned and had complied. Now he was teasing her, tormenting her with a prolonged strip tease. And she was still fully clothed. She whimpered a little bit in protest, but remained where she was.

He moved to her side. She reached for him. He shook his head and evaded her hands. Instead, he slid his palms over her thighs, up under the hem of her dress. He watched her as he pushed the fabric up onto her belly. She felt his fingers on the inside of her thighs, an unspoken demand for her to open.

He wasn't in a mood for seduction today, he was in the mood to tease and torment and take. His mouth hovered over her panties, just a breath away. She tried to lift up to meet him, but he pinned her down. His mouth brushed over her panties, right over her clit. Just a soft caress, but her system reacted. He did it again. Her breath hitched. She could sense his smile, the smug bastard. Then, finally, his mouth closed over her. He sucked on her through her panties. Ooooooh god, this man knew exactly how to touch her. He sucked, stroked his tongue over her, made her purr. His mouth returned to her clit while one finger slid underneath her panties to tease further. He brought her to the brink of orgasm, then brought her back down. He pulled her panties down; over her hips, down her thighs. The wet fabric left a bluntly sexy, cool trail of damp over her skin. 

He twisted her hips to expose her even more. His mouth returned to her. Again, he brought her to the brink, and again he pulled her back before she could crumble. This time he shifted. He moved onto the bed, on his knees by her head. He leaned down to kiss her, to share the taste of her. Then he took her hand and moved it to her pussy. "Rub," he whispered. "Don't cum." She obliged, moaning a little at the sheer mischief of the game. He slipped his fingers in her hair and turned her face towards him. His erection was full and thick and close enough to lick. He wrapped his fingers around the base and stroked. He kept his grip tight and slow and let out a satisfied growl as a bead of pre-cum spread on the tip. He pressed his hips forward just far enough to let her taste. Then he pulled back.

"Watch," he demanded. He raised her panties to his lips and sucked. His eyes drifted closed as he enjoyed the taste of her. Then he focused on her again. "Keep rubbing." Dragging her wet panties down her body, he moved his hand between her thighs. "Keep rubbing," he murmured again. She gasped when she felt him press into her. She arched her hips up off the bed, but kept her fingers in motion. He pressed in again. It felt.... different. Not his fingers, she realized. He was pressing her panties inside her. She moaned, whispered his name. 

He was riveted to what he was doing. She began to pant. "Don't cum," he ordered. She whimpered but obeyed, slowing the pace of her fingers. He sat back up. He looked down at her, that smug expression playing over his gorgeous mouth again. He licked his fingers. Then he slipped them between her lips, let her taste as well. His hand moved back to her hair, tightened a little. He pulled her towards him, pushed his now rigid cock between her lips. His hand moved down to her throat. He held her that way -- no real pressure, just complete control.

Leaning back down, he tugged on the fabric that filled her. The sensation ricocheted through her system. He pulled out just a bit of it. He thrust into her mouth. Then a tug on the fabric and a stroke against her tongue.

"Keep rubbing," he reminded her. She bucked and moaned. Her fingers played over her clit, his dick moved in her mouth, and he continued tortuous removal of her panties.

She was so close to losing her grasp on control. Her body was quaking. She sucked hard on his cock as his moved in her mouth. The friction made him moan, but he didn't seem any closer to losing his control. He pulled again on her panties, then pressed them back in a little. That was it.... Her control was gone. She shattered, her body quaking, her back arched. He reacted, spilling into her mouth. 

Their bodies calmed, he slid down to lay next to her. She lay there with her dress askew, her legs parted, her fingers wet, and every fiber of her being satisfied. He pressed a kiss to her temple before reaching down to retrieve her panties. "I'm keeping these."

Smug bastard.