 After the pounding in my ears stopped, and the breath came back into my lungs, a warm relaxing feeling began to spread outwards from my body.  I finally opened my eyes....I couldn't actually believe you were really here lying next to me, we've both wished for this moment and now it's actually coming true, I reached over and gently pinched us both just to double check being sure I wasn't dreaming.

Even in the dimness of the room, I could see the fine damp sheen of perspiration on your back, accenting your tight muscles. Beads of moisture seemed to slide sensually down into the trough along your spine. My ass was pressed firmly against you, flaring outwards around your hips and down, down your muscular thighs and legs that kept me centered in front of you. I could see your sides rise and fall with each quick breath you took, and your head resting softly to one side on the pillow. Your hands were still on my hips, holding me to you, grasping the edges of my hips as you had in passion, though much more gently now. I could feel my own sweat, trickling down my back, and down my stomach. That's when you leaned over, cupping my breast in one hand and kissing my neck just below my earlobe, where you know it drives me crazy...I'm purring' just like a kitten, as we both smile. Softly drawn into eachothers night, like moths are to lights.

And, yes, you did feel me contract around you then, sending a delightful sensation through both of us. Did you feel me flex around you? I'm sure you did by the sigh that escaped your lips. Things always look wonderful after erotic orgasms, as they did now. The room was bathed in a soft, dim light, blurring the edges to everything. And, you especially, looked handsome, your muscles blending into shadows, each and every line of your body creating the image of a very sensual man. The feeling of our own heat, mixing with the humidly yet chilly night, our sexy fragrances, and the lightly scented candles, all combined to set the mood for us. As you lowered your lips to mine, we kissed a deep wet longing kiss and you rolled to your side, I struggled to follow your lead, not wanting to remove myself from your strong, masculine warmth. Our bodies pressed together, your back to my chest, and I propped up on one elbow so that we could kiss again. Ah, your lips are so soft, so warm, and so erotic. I love feeling your lips pressed to mine, and your mouth opening, our tongues caressing, oh, so lightly. It adds that sensual touch doesn't it? 

After we've shared each other's bodies, and tasted each other. Yet, kissing you like this remains in my mind the most intimate act imaginable. I can tell by your relaxed state that you didn't have to fake anything, my darlin' even though it was quite obvious to me just a few minutes ago. The contented smile on your face brings a glowing warmth to my heart, as does the light stroke your hand makes down my arm. I hope you felt the warmth and tenderness when I nuzzled up to the back of your neck, pursing my lips against your sensitive skin just behind your ear, to give you a meaningful little kiss. Even now, or perhaps especially now, you still look ravishingly edible. Your cheeks have a slight blush, and I can see it even in the dim light. Your hair feels wonderful, damp and tousled as it may be, it becomes you somehow, and it makes you look sexier. 

You're still hard, still inside me, feeling your heartbeat through my flesh. You feel every little move I make, each slight movement causing a silky, slippery sensation to course down your shaft and run screaming to your brain. It's heaven for you to be inside me like this, feeling my softness against you, and you all around me. Your legs are so strong, and I can't keep my hands from caressing up your thighs all the way around the curve of your ass and down again. I marvel at how wonderful your form is, even though you say it's not perfect I have to disagree and cherish it. The room, dim as it is, seems to have a soft, yellowish glow around the edges, except when I look, the glow moves away. I feel tranquility coming down over us, like a thick, comfortable blanket that will keep us warm and contented. Do you feel it too? I know you do.

My hand slides under your arm to cup your head and lift it from the bed so it lays in my palm. Soft, and warm, I feel as though I'm holding your heart, touching your inner most feelings for me. Your hand rests on mine, keeping my hand from leaving your body, holding me close to your heart and telling me subtly how you feel. I lick the edge of your ear lightly, pulling on it with my lips just to share another small moment of lovely intimacy with you. I feel you press your back against me, the inhale of a deep breath, and your rear nestling in the hollow of my loins. We are so close, yet I want to be even closer to you, to hold you and wrap myself around you, and to feel your body intertwined around mine the same way. 

Your soft, moan please me, as does almost everything you do. You've made me feel truly feminine, totally alive, and most importantly, truly cared for. Nothing is so important for me now, as to know that you feel happy, warm, safe, content, and loved. As the soft afterglow begins to fade, it is replaced with a beautifully relaxed feeling, one of supreme comfort, and happy exhaustion. Our bodies are covered in dampness, yet we feel no chill, only the sensual aftereffects of our giving to each other. Our muscles are tired, yet they do not ache, nor are they sore. If someone could make this a drug, it would replace all others, and it would be highly sought after. But we would have no need for it, as we have our own supply right here. You're  beginning to grow soft, your once rigid flesh now shrinking and losing its fullness. We can both feel it retreating from inside me. To me it feels as though you're slipping out, my warm, slick tunnel unable to hold you. To you, I imagine, it must feel as though I'm slipping away,  falling off of you and leaving an emptiness where you desire fullness. I can feel our warm, rich juices begin to run past, coating my thigh with a warm slickness. I imagine it feels as if a dam has burst when you finally slide out, as you know you seemed to fill me for long minutes at the end of our passion. We moan together as we both feel the head reach the outer edge, knowing that our bodies are about to part. We know it's no use to try but we do anyway, and in a moment, it will be too late. It matters little in reality, and afterwards, we return to our cuddling and caressing, with our bodies held tightly together. Even without it, we are still happy, our souls have been joined, and we've shared something beautiful. 

Sleep beckons us both, and I listen to your breathing become slow, regular and deep. Mine synchronizes with yours, and I feel myself being lowered, very slowly, into a warm oneness. My last waking thoughts are of you, your contented smile, and the light caress of your fingers against my arm. Our bodies stay together and I'm awakened by a light chill. You're sleeping next to me, still curled up on your side, with that wonderfully pleased smile on your face. I smile too, and if you'd have seen it, you would've said my eyes twinkled. I pull the covers up over us both, making sure to cover your bare shoulder. You stir slightly, pulling the warming covers down in front of you, and snuggling against my warmth. I can't resist so I kiss the back of your neck again, eliciting a small sigh and a sound I can only describe as a light purr. For the first time since we began our passionate intimacy tonight, you hear me speak, as though both close, yet far away. The words don't awaken you, but rather, they take you closer to that warm sleep you've been enjoying, letting you glide into slumber totally and completely content. And all I said was "we finally made IT happen."