 I love waking up with you in my arms. The smell of our sex from the night before. The taste of your skin as I kiss your shoulder. The feel of your nakedness as I lightly caress your hip and bum. 

You stir slightly bringing one leg up to your chest allowing me access to your now exposed pussy. You are sensitive and pulsating in your morning dream. My fingers find the folds of your lybia and stroke along its crevasse. 

You let out a small sigh not yet quite awake but aware of your tingles. I move in closer so you feel my hardness against your bum cheek. Your arouse me BabyGirl. Dreamy. I breathe heavier into your neck as my morning lust needs and wants within me. 

I move over you so you feel my weight upon you. Wrapping you in my Daddy Dom cocoon. I slide my erection along your wetness making our naughty places slick with our pre-cum moisture. You grown with each pass and push into me. I whisper into your ear, so close you can feel my lips...'"I love you princess. My sweet BabyGirl."

With those words the tip of my cock finds its place on its final pass and enters you slowly, savouring every feeling that ripples through me causing you to hold your breath then gasp as I complete the full length of my entrance. 

The perfect way to wake my pretty little girl. To culminate her erotic dreams with a body climax filling her with my love. 

These morning explosions are sometimes the most intense because we are between the here and now and the lucidity of where and when. 

We 'uuuhhhhh' in unison. We awake in bliss. 

After we come to our senses again. We satisfy a different hunger. Yoga...hot. Shower...hot. Breakfast...hot. You prepare and execute each with a song from your lips and a service that is second to none. 

Your attention to detail is perfect. Laptop on with emails and news tabbed. My tie and shirt matched. Shoes and sport jacket to my (your) liking. I kiss you and hold you with my hand pressing the small of your back. I gaze into your eyes...thank you BabyGirl. 

I have your task list for the day. And we review it step by step to ensure it is not too much or too little. With in it are your allotted times for appointments, chores, personal development, creative works and of course playtime. 

Your concentration to our conversation brings a smile to my face as I know you will complete them all today. 

As I leave for business you hold my hand to the car. Always touching. A hand, arm, back. It is these simple touches that solidify the closeness of our bond. 

The morning from here is focused on the work at hand but not without the periodic text and sext that entices our tingles and keeps us aroused. 

As noon draws near our communication becomes more frequent and bold. You flash pictures of your succulent body and I give descriptions of what I will do to you. 

"I'm coming home" 

You eagerly prepare lunch and your list of checked off tasks. You don't want the home regiment to interfere with the mid day pleasure soon at hand. 

The pictures of your poses has driven my mind into a sexual aggression for my girly girl and I have a new focus now...YOU! 

No bottoms, sleeveless tank top, knee high socks and high ponytail. I love your simplicity, it exhibits your natural sex appeal and littleone, you are my sex appeal. 

With task sheet in hand you present it and yourself to me at the door. You can't help but notice and stare at my hard cock through my pants. Your skin tightens. 

I take you by the hand and lead you to the kitchen as I read over what a good girl you have been this morning. With one strong move I hold you arms at your back from behind as my other hand flows from your tummy up to your neck. I let out a deep growling breath into your neck and bite into it. 'Rrrrrrrrrr...you taste delicious BabyGirl, absolutely...deliciousssss"

Changing hands I pull your arms back jutting out your chest. The fabric of your shirt rubs the erect pokies of your sensitive nipples. My hand caresses your smooth ass and a quick swat catches your breath. You close your eyes and bit your lip waiting for the next sting. SMACK! Then my light stroke over your round bum. 

With each love tap and pet you whimper and I growl. 

Looking down I can see your thighs quivering and a long silk strand of your wetness leaking from between your pussy lips. 

Mmmmmm. With my two fingers I scoop up your drippings from your inner thigh and you watch as I bring them to my mouth looking you in the eye. The mere gesture makes you shake. 

Still holding you firmly I release my raging hardon and place it at the entrance of your pussy. Our precum coat the tip of my Cock. Bending you over you feel the cold counter on your nipples as I have pulled your tank top up to expose them. Your raisins are painfully erect but your pleasureful wince is suddenly replaced with a huge inhale of "Oh My Goddd!!" As I slide my full length into you. 

"Aaaaaaaaahhhhhhh" my own gratification echoes in the room as my cock has found its home. 

"BabyGirl " panting "BabyGirl " panting...

With long deliberate strokes I can feel the grip of your canal. Squeezing me, holding me, drawing me in. You grunt each time I bottom out in your hungry cunt giving it to me willingly...subserviently. "Good Girl" muttering under my breath. 

Your legs have not stopped shaking, your eyes affixed into oblivion, a constant state of orgasmic pain and pleasure. The morning's teasing has strained my control and I explode spurts of my cum with every long thrust. "Uuuuhhhhhhh!!" 

"Yes Daddy!!" You scream matching me with your spasming pussy. 

That...that was intense. 

We can barely kiss from our heavy lungs fighting to replenish our dizzy heads. But we do. Our lips find one another and lock with sweet emotion. 

Sighing "daddy...", in steady stare..."My Princess..."

A few minutes of recovery...and a few more of 'clean up' , we have changed clothes into more outdoor leisure attire. We laugh and joke like school chums as we eat the lunch you prepared earlier. The perfect energy lift for the afternoon. You again hand me your task list for the day to discuss the unchecked items. I push it to the side and tell you it is enough for today. "Let's get outside and enjoy this beautiful day" 

With girlish glee and claps of the hands you dance out of your chair and onto my lap with kisses and hugs. 

Blue skies and fresh air bathe us at our destination. A short hiking trail at the city limits that won't be used during the work day is relaxing and joyful for our nature loving selves. We hold hands and you almost pull me along as you skip with a fun freshness that is infectious and I adore. 

You walk in front of me but I always make you walk in front of me so I can watch your ass sashay. It is verrrrry distracting and I have never minded your distraction. Periodic taps and feels when we stop to take in the views makes you frisky and playful. And playful leads to naughty and risky. 

The big smiles exchanged between us, the glances of 'come and get me' and the frequent stops to grope and fondle feed this foreplay. 

Swiftly pulling off your shorts you stick out your tongue with a giggle and scamper off. 

I give chase like a wolf on to it's pray. Before I catch you, you stop at a big tree. Looking over your shoulder, lift a leg high and ass out presenting your clam to me. "Naughty little girl" I grin and cup your full lips with my hand. Your eyes tell all. You give yourself as my prize. You look down to see my hand rub your clit and spread your juicy lips. From behind you I hold your throat while playing with your pussy. "Cum for me!" "Cum for me your horny little girl!" 

"Oh! Oh! Oh!" And "Daddy! Daddy! Daddy!" Are the only sounds you can make as you let go and cum in my hand. 

"Mmmmmmm good girl"

Picking you up I pin you against the tree. With my mouth coving yours I plow into you with animal lust and fuck your hard and fast. Your feet dangle, legs spread, my hands under each thigh. I am merciless. Impaling you on my Cock. Harder. Faster. Harder. Faster. 

Though we are still on the trail we give no thought to possible passers by. Just straight FUCKING!! 

My eyes pierce yours, my look of pure focus. The look of fucking you raw!!

Countless time passes by with only the sounds of growls, grunts and gasps. Shallow screams and a barking voice finish the frantic fornicating. 

I let you slide to the ground as you can not stand. Looking up take my cum covered cock into your mouth and feed on it as if it were your only meal and in no time you have me filling your mouth with my cum and your reward. Mmmmmmmmm. 

Lonnnng kisses and I pick up my little forest nymph and carry her back to the car. Again holding hands on the drive we stop for ice cream because 'hell ya ice cream!!' 

At home a much deserved nap time cuddled and safe. 

Dusk arrives and we have been about our things that we each find time for like family and friends. I listen to you sing or the music we share. Out on the deck it is wine time. Dressed in flimsy silk PJ top and shorts you join me with a full glass and lounge. The warms of the summer evening creates a loving mood and you look sooooo sexy. I can't take my eyes off you. I linger in this moment drinking in your curves, your pose and the way your lingerie falls on your body like flower peddles. I savour the visual sex I am having with you. Drawn to your beauty my eyes smile. 

With a sip of wine I now start at your toes. Massaging them feeling the smoothness of your legs. You bend them slightly so I can explore every inch of you. I take my time allowing my eyes to follow where my hands roam. 

I lean in and with my lips I brush against you. Again from your toes moving incrementally in and around your calves and thighs. I see what it is I really want. You look at me coyly and spread you legs. Pulling aside the loose fabric that barely covers you. THAT'S what I want and I slither up into position. 

Mine. My pussy. My paradise. 

I kiss your sweet peach as I would your mouth with lips and tongue. I make out with the folds and flesh. I suck on the tasty pieces that deliver your liquid arousal. Your hands find their place on my head and your nipples. Instinctively you raise your torso and spread wider slightly moaning. 

There is no rush for this littleone. Daddy enjoys you. Relishing your flavour. Making love to your pussy with my mouth. I look up to meet your eyes and open mouth as you start to gyrate hips and push with your tummy. Building your orgasm slowly. I bring you there but take it back. Each time my eager BabyGirl pushes my face back to my dinner. Mmmmmmm I love your pussy BabyGirl. Every part. Beautiful. 

Eyes glazing over you begin to grind your clit into my tongue. Up and down. Quick and more pressure. You grind and rub harder. Looking, watching. Observing your own orgasm on my open mouth. You begin cumming. Intense but needing more. You continue to heighten. Your mind in pure lust! Your body uncontrollable. Fucking my face. CUMMING. Cumming as you moan lonnnnng and cum again in succession holding your breath for what seems like forever. I watch you twitch and squirm. Whither and shake. Finally breathing in and giving a loud girly growl of your own cumming in my mouth! 

I suck and lick the flow of your cum. My face covered. Mmmmmmmmm BabyGirl ...

That was my treat. 

Wiping the residual gloss from my chin and cheeks I look down on a very satisfied girl. Barely conscious but the biggest smile. 

I kiss you on your forehead. 

With our final sips of wine we head to bed where the day catches up with us and we fade into dreams with your head and arm draped upon my chest. 

Sweet dreams littleone.