 The next day, I had an early class. I decided to surprise him on the way to English, and sent him a text saying 'meet me at the stairs to the Arts library', hoping he was going to be happy walking with me to class.

I scanned the crowd for his curly brown hair, half a head above the rest. Spotting him, I smiled and started to move towards him, wanting to show him that I was actually serious about what we had.

Then I realized he was with someone, and stopped. The blonde girl had her arm around him, and was reaching up to whisper in his ear. He nodded a reply, and she squealed in happiness before throwing her arms around him and kissing him on the cheek.

That was all I saw before the crowd blurred and I turned and ran like a first-year late for class, head down to mask the tears. I could hear his shocked voice yelling out my name, but I didn't stop.

"BELLE! JUST STOP!" He screamed out after me, but I couldn't. I couldn't let him see how much I hurt.

The constant texts didn't help, either.

She means nothing.

Let me show you how much I love you, I promise it's you.

It has always been you.

That last text pulled at my heart, making my eyes well up again and my hand to turn off my phone.

Imogen caught me, and pulled me into a private corner. One look and I lost it, bawling like a child into her shoulder.

"Oh honey, maybe it's not that bad?" She offered, but there was no security in her voice.

***

Later that night, a knock came on my French doors again. I considered not opening them, but then a crash of thunder resounded and I figured I wasn't mean enough to let him get wet. I could yell at him just as well inside.

I opened my doors and allowed him to move past me, getting smacked in the face with the seven bouquets he brought with him.

"I didn't know which flowers you like but I remembered you liked the daisy, so I got all kinds with daisies," he whispered, thrusting them all at me.

"What the fuck, Tommy?! Did last night mean nothing to you? What, I'm just something to be used as a joke before you go running off to the girl of the month?" I threw the flowers behind me onto the bed, and he winced.

"Seriously, Belle, she's no one. She's a girl whose boyfriend is in my art class, he's really sick. Like, has to stay in hospital sick. I agreed to get notes for him. That's it."

My stomach dropped. The wind left my sails, I had no steam left for anger, whatever saying goes. I felt like shit.

"Oh." I swallowed, sinking onto the bed and hanging my head in shame.

"Shit. I'm so sorry Tommy," I looked up at him, tears swimming in my eyes.

"Aw babe it's ok, now I know you're jealous of blonde girls!" He tried to laugh and I just burst into tears, feeling even worse now that he was mocking me.

"Oh, no, honey," he whispered into my hair as he cradled me close, rocking me as I cried.

Mum knocked on my door then opened it before standing in the doorway, more than a little confused.

"Uh, hi, Tommy?" She assessed the way he was holding me, then smiled.

"About time, you two. About damn time." She closed the door, and I started to laugh. It was the choked, wet kind of laughing that follows a good cry, but it felt too good to stop.

"Here, Belle. Let me show you how I really feel about you," he whispered, shoving the flowers out of the way onto the floor and laying me out on the bed in their place.

Slowly, he laid barely-there kisses along the corner of my mouth, slowly claiming more and more as he moved over me. Holding himself in a position over me that claimed memories from the night before, he kissed me fully, so sweetly.

He dropped one arm so he was resting on his elbow, and opened my button down shirt. Slowly, one by one, he undid each button and kissed a burning trail on my exposed skin. I tried to shy away as he reached my stomach - I embraced my curves well enough, but my stomach was the one curve I hated - but he stopped me with a warm hand and a warm look, dropping a kiss on my lips again.

"I think you're beautiful. All of you."

I winced at the words, trying to protest.

"No, hold on, Belle. Is this a part of you?" He smoothed the skin of my stomach with his hand, and I reluctantly nodded.

"And this?" He kissed down the scar between my breasts from where my old German Shepherd had attacked me when I pulled her tail as a child. I nodded again, then gasped as he swept his tongue along the scar.

"And this?" He kissed his way down the middle of my chest, down my stomach, until he reached the point where it met my pubic bone. I nodded mutely, unable to talk for anticipation.

"And this?" He moved between my legs, pushing me up on the bed so I could look down and see what he was doing to me.

He began to softly kiss around the inner crease of my thighs, and I felt like I was on fire. Moving inwards, his kisses spiraled towards my center. He would flick his tongue along the inside of my lips as well, so I never knew what was going to happen.

Then, after what felt like hours of constant teasing, licking and soft kisses, he touched my clit. My legs turned to jelly and my back arched up into his mouth at the same time - he chuckled but continued to lick and kiss around it, only rarely actually touching where I wanted.

"Please, Tommy, please! Oh god, Tommy... that feels so good! Oh, please!" I began to beg, softly, desperate for him to touch me.

Again he gave that infuriating chuckle, but acquiesced and started to suckle on my clit. I couldn't help it - my hips rose wildly to meet his mouth, and my right hand rose to my breasts, as if to remind myself I shouldn't grab his head.

He raised his eyes to me, watching how I clawed at my bra from over my shirt, and smiled. Helping me, he pushed up my shirt until it exposed my cherry-red lacy bra. Grinning excitedly at me, he stopped my shirt above my breasts - watching them bounce as he pushed my shirt down against them.

"Fuckin' love your bras, baby, but not as much as what they hold," he grinned as he leaned down to kiss my center again. I moaned and grabbed at my nipple, pinching it to bring a deeper, more painful edge to the pleasure. 

He noticed what I was doing and started to use his teeth against me - not biting or any actual pain, but more a hint or a scrape throughout, reminding me that he could be harsher at any moment, but was protecting me by refraining.

Pushing one finger into me, he curled it in a 'come here' motion and pushed against my G-spot while sucking on my clit. I had to force myself to bite down on my left hand as I pinched my nipple hard to stop myself from screaming out loud.

Again, he chuckled.

Concentrating on my clit, he softly licked around in circles before flicking it straight on with light touches. I moaned and begged for more each time, desperate for him to do more. Suddenly he pushed two fingers inside me and began to forcefully fuck me. 

I nearly wept with gratitude! Unable to speak as I was still scared about the volume that I would scream if I allowed myself the freedom; I pulled his other hand up and pushed it on my lower stomach, where he had kissed before.

I was so turned on by the sensation of being held down and made to cum that I couldn't help it - I screamed through my arm and twisted wildly to get more of him.

He sat back once I had finished, a satisfied look on his face. I raised my arms to him, and he met me in a passionate kiss.

Grinning wickedly, I moved my hips up to meet him, and felt his warmth touch my slickness between my legs. He gasped a little, so I grabbed him and kissed him, pulling him down to fall on top of me. I spread my legs a little as he fell onto me, and sighed in happiness as I felt him nestle into me.

He looked at me, and asked me, "do you have...?"

Nodding, I reached next to my bed into my bedside table, and pulled out a condom. He pulled it on quickly and thrust inside me, making me scream for a second before he covered my mouth to silence me.

It didn't take me long to cum again for him, and I could feel myself getting wetter and wetter as he moved with me.

"I love it when you cum for me baby, it's so hot!" He whispered into my ear as he kissed me.

He slowly built up the tension again, moving into me and holding me down with his body. I groaned when his hand grazed my nipples, and he started to tease me and play with them. As he built up my orgasm, he kept pushing me further and further until I fell off the edge, screaming into his neck.

His movements became choppy and he smashed himself into me another few times, before he, too, exploded.

***

Walking to class Monday, we ignored the whispers and laughs around us. Only dropping hands for a moment for him to open the door for me, we claimed our seats and waited for the rest to be seated.

We ignored the mocking 'told you so's throughout the class, and as it finished, walked out together. Imogen met us at the door, looking worried, but we didn't care. I grinned at her, and Tommy just ignored our silent conversation and walked ahead of us.

"I'll see you at lunch?" He asked. "That is, if you still wanna study?"

"What! Are you calling me lazy Thomas Jones?" I turned on him, waiting for his reaction, and as usual, it didn't disappoint.

"What! I didn't mean that! You-" He stopped when I burst out laughing at the shocked look on his face.

"It's ok, Tommy." I stepped close to him until we were barely a finger's breadth apart, looking deep into his eyes, trying to make him understand what I was about to say.

"I forgive you."

Turning, I was about to walk to Imogen when he grabbed me and kissed me, hard. My knees were shaking when I turned to Imogen, who was staring at us with a huge smile on her face.

"You too, babe."