 Perfect Day - Day 1 (part 1) 

Are mornings are early, 7AM.

You snooze the last wisps of dreams as you lay curled up on your side with Pear tucked inside. My princess is perfect this time of day, peaceful and beautiful and makes Daddy very hard. I stroke your hair and caress your face as I kneel beside your head. You stir slightly as I gently arouse you from slumber.

My cock is now lightly pressed against your lips. Instinctively you take me in. Slowly at first with little kisses on the head of my cock then allowing enough for your tongue to swirl around the tip. It is feeding time my princess and Daddy has brought you breakfast in bed. 

As your head slides out of dream and into the morning light you suck more eagerly, egging me on to easily thrust a little further each time. 

Daddy is on the brink, he has been watching you sleep for a bit before moving in. Capturing your softness, your curves. I have been arouse for this whole time and now I will feed you my seed. 

I sigh loudly as spurt after spurt erupts into your wanting mouth. You moan and suck harder and deeper taking every drop as I empty my balls. 

We stay like this for a few moments to catch our breath. My hand on your head again caressing your hair.

Good morning beautiful! And I kiss you fully on the mouth. 

Your smile says it all. A big stretch and a gleaming smile. 'Good morning Daddy!' 

We roll out of bed and head to the kitchen for a light breakfast. You prepare while I read aloud portions of the news to catch us up on the world of things. 

Breakfast is grain toast with butter, orange juice and yogurt with granola. A good bit of energy to start the morning. 

Yoga, stretching and light ab exercises to start the blood flowing. 

We shower together this morning...trying To just shower. ;) 

Our hands find their way to each other's everywhere and we are thorough. We make out with a love and passion that fills us. With just out hands we reach orgasm and rest in each others arms in the sprinkling water. 

We both have business to tend to and we have built our mornings to pursue these endeavourers. You with your creations and connections of art and performance. I with the building of an empire that will be a name to admire. 

I am always thinking of different ways to play with you...and We need to add to your toy box. This is what lead me to the 'Aren't We Naughty' store this afternoon. I have something in mind for you this evening during our play time. Daddy lives to make you wiggle...and Wince. ;)

I have chosen an accessory that will delight me and tantalize you...

Perfect Day - Day 1 (part 2)

The tight teen clerk greets me with bright smile and 'Hello ...SIR' Which brings my cock to a stir knowing she has submissive qualities of her own. 

She is very attentive and hovers close as I describe the items I am looking for. She takes every opportunity to kneel down to access the products on the bottom shelves, looking up at me 'Is this what you're looking for sir?'(wink) 

As we head to the cash I explain to her my evening plans for you. 

I can see her erect nipples and flushed skin as I ask for her personal email. She will come in handy for us soon. 

Have still time before my next meeting so I text you my raging hardon 'Coming home for 30min...be Ready' 

And to my satisfaction you present yourself accordingly. You debated how to greet me, knowing my heightened state and limited time. On your knees with mouth open? Or face down and ass up? 

I open the door to your perfect pale ass and pouting pussy high in the air. With a grin I growl 'yes'... 

With a quick swat on your ass I release my engorged cock and immediately mount you. Your soooo wet, the anticipation of being ready and always available to be my personal cum depository has made your head swoon and cunt drippy. 

Though my shopping experience aroused me it was your propped position that has driven me to an animal lust. 

I fuck you almost violently, fixated on my own primal pleasure. We grunt and groan until we completely tense up with splitting orgasms. You are still panting as I flip you over on the floor and lick your clit and reddened lips. You are so sensitive you cum again immediately. Mmmmm you taste delicious My Little Cum Doll.

As I change my suit, cum covered pants from your squirting pussy, you lap and clean my Cock and balls with your tongue. 

A lonnnnng passionate deep kiss at the door before I head out to my final meeting of the day. 

As I drive off I am filled with warm all over with the reminder of how much I love our kisses! I smile for the entire trip. 

The fast and furious mid-day fucking has cleared your head and given you renewed excitement and creative flow for the rest of your day. The music you write seems to extend beyond your finger to the notes as if it has already been written. 

You text me your smiling face with Xs and Os. Xoxoxo 

Perfect Day - Day 1 (Part 3)

With the days business complete it is you, me, us and our time. The most important time of my day. I shed my clothes and wash off the day in a hot shower while you assemble the ingredients for our dinner. I am in simple jeans and unbuttoned plaid shirt no socks or underwear. You have bathed and lotioned earlier, hair in pig tails with pink ribbons, one of my white business shirts and nothing else. :)

We are full of smiles. We leave kisses on each other's skin and touches as we brush by. I sit at the kitchen bar with a glass of Pinot Grigio and listen to you lightly sing and prepare dinner, watching you sway captivates all my senses. I love you. 

During dinner you tell me of your creations you have been working on, exercise, networking and questions on contracts and proposals. I am pleased to be your sounding board, consultant and guide in all your interests and profession. 

I want to tell you of my shopping trip earlier today but that would ruin the surprise. ;)

You are so cute in your pigtails, with your bright eyes and big smile. 

We quickly wash up from dinner and add a little more wine to our glasses as we retire to the living room. We have two areas to lounge. A large high backed couch separating the space from the kitchen and floor level soft sofa with lots of comfortable pillows surrounds the corner. 

I put on some background music, a collection of your favorite artists. You straddle my lap on the big couch and giggle. Our hands caress and move over each other as we bask in the glow of the candles you have lit and the warmth of our closeness. I love the feel of your softness and start to lightly trace the lines of your curves causing your nipples to harden. Your head rolls slowly side to side as I glide over your body, neck, shoulders, small of your back, tummy, round hips and bum. My little princess. 

I pull you closer and take your small supple boobs in my mouth. We kiss fully and our breath becomes heavy. The desire for one another is undeniable and we feed off the scents of our arousal. There is never to be any rush anymore and our lap play time extends through the playlist. 

My hand has found your wetness and instinctively put your arms behind your back causing your shirt to fall off your shoulders exposing your perky boobs thrusting forward. 

As you coo and moan as I press and massage in little circles the small of your back. You grind your pussy into my hand loving the hold I have on you, giving yourself completely to every sensation of body and mind. 

It is time for your present my little girl. I am always thinking of new ways to enjoy your pleasure and these new accessories will do nicely. The box has been sitting beside us. At first you eyed it constantly anticipating the contents inside but your curiosity has dissolved while in my hands on my lap. 

I pause at the near peak of your arousal and take out a set of pink and white handcuffs adorned with pink fluffs. I shackle your wrists behind your back and you can't help but smile with delight. They perfect for my pigtailed little princess and fit you oh so well. Next your eyes widen as I pull out a set of matching pink nipple clamps joined by a short silver chain. 

Your mouth drops open as you watch me clasp them to each of your erect pointy nipples. I give them a few quick pulls then one lonnnng pull to ensure they are secure and to give a boost to your already charged body state. 

You wiggle and squirm as I resume my finger play with gushing folds. I love how your peach feels in my fingers. Your lips. Your clit rubs and pushes through my hand. Your eyes are glazed over and you are in submissive bliss. I put the short nipple chain in your mouth and reach up to pull your head back so it stretches your tits high. You look so wonderful as you scream and whine under the strain of your impending orgasm. 

"Daddy! Daddy! DADDYYYYYYYY!" You convulse and twitch as the pleasure and twist of pain consumes you into orgasm after orgasm! 

Spent, you collapsed in to my shoulder and I kiss your neck and ears tenderly. My love of my life. My precious little girl. 

Scooping you up I carry you to the cushions and pillows in the corner. I shed my clothes and release you from your binds, hair ties, clamps and shirt. You are in your in your most pristine state for me. Naked and bare. I slide into you kissing and holding you tight...

Our love making is long and we have lost track of time and space. Sometimes fast, sometimes slow we seemingly devour each other bathed in passion. Ultimately while pressing deep into you, your fingertips tracing my balls I fill you with all of my love, filling you with my cum. 

I pull the cozy duvet over us and this is where we sleep tonight. You cradled in my arms.