 It's been a long hard week. To top it off, I haven't been feeling all that 'up to snuff.' I've been really horney lately talking with my boyfriends on the web, plus a new a date, and the guy I had been dating - with no new action reappearing.

I'm lucid and relaxed this Sunday afternoon looking on the Internet at porn pictures. Just out of curiosity, I started looking at nude pictures of women. I would never consider a relationship with a woman. However, my breasts make me horney so looking at other women's breasts sure do make me horney, too. I envision my full and buxom tits being touched by a masculine, hunky man fully absorbing them into to his mouth and soul.

Longing to have my breasts touched, I crawl into bed and close the blinds. But, I think to myself, I need a little more than just my breasts being teased about now.

The windows are all open and I tend to get noisy even while pleasuring myself. At the moment, I don't really care because that's half the fun when having sex – being exposed to strangers lurking in the outdoors. I'm hoping someone will hear me.

However, while engorged in my own lustful satisfaction and selfish pleasures, I won't notice. 

I bought this new 'tingling' lube my boyfriend tried on me last weekend. He said it smelled good and I said it FELT good. I was thinking how refreshing it might feel right about now in my pussy. After all, I hadn't had any sex or play for at least a week. I had been out – of – town in New York and the hustle bustle of the city kind of distracted me from self – pleasure. 

As I lay down in my bed right, I lube up my dildoes, Pete and Pepper. Pete, you might expect is a long red dildoe that I place inside my pussy hole. Pepper is my little bobble dildoe that hits the clitty spot ever so perfectly. 'Oh, God!' I exclaim feeling the pleasure of both toys clammering at once.

Putting slow Pete in, I begin to get aroused. Pete moves dawdling and gently. Then, Pepper starts her work, quickly and jolting. 'Yummy!' say my pussy pal.

It didn't take long for my clitty to start to orgasm rather abruptly and without delay. I turn off Pepper and let Pete continue working as he may. That's what I like about Pete. He stays in long and hard titillating my pussy palette.

My second orgasm always comes as I try Pepper a few seconds later after my first climax. Pepper faithfully works again, giving me a short and sweet orgasm in my clitoral hood.

Now, I'm happy; however, wanting real sex and intercourse straight away. 

Pete is faithfully doing his job and Pepper gives me another orgasm. I shudder when I orgasm, protruding my stomach upwards and shaking my pussy raggedly. Number three climax and finally I'm starting to relax, horney gal that I am.

Pete pulls out and Pepper enters my pussy now, soaking up all my sweetness as I handle each nipple.

My nipples become erect and rigid. I rub my breasts and lift them up taunting them and getting them excited, too.

I'm looking forward to my boyfriend coming home later. He'll be horney as hell listening to my afternoon without him. So I'll leave some areas for him left to play with.

I'm beginning to sweat. My arms are numbing and my pussy is trembling. I pull out Pepper and much to my happiness, I am quivering and pulsating all over again. I put Pepper on my clit and I start to orgasm again while I scream outloudly.

Someone from outside yells, "Are you okay?" Of course, I ignore them and keep panting and moaning. 

I put Pete back in and out, in and out, in and out as I slide him down the crevice of my cunt. It opens up swelling and ready for the next fight.

I'm combating the next aggressive climax; my boobs jiggling from side to said, sitting up and trying so hard to orgasm rebelliously. I use Pete and Pepper till I can't bear it anymore. I have multiple orgasms in my pussy and my clit at the same time, making a puddle of wetness underneath my satisfied body.

Completely content, I feel my Peppermint Pussy as I envision pondering writing this story during my exhilarated thoughts. My cunt is completely fulfilled and tingling, tanging of my own aroma Peppermint Patty.

***

Now, I have to clean up the sheets. I don't mind. I plan on making a romantic dinner and having a few more orgasms tonight. Not the kind I give myself but the kind only a man can give me.

I change the sheets, strip down to my birthday suit and hop in the searing shower. I continue before a unaccompanied audience lathering up my voluptuous tits, pussy and ass with a bar of soap. 

The window is wide open and I don't care. There's even someone outside watching me. It's this younger guy who lives next door. Hmmmm.

Now, my new friend downstairs starts playing with himself with his full dick exposed to me and the public. He doesn't care. He doesn't know I'm watching him either. 

I start playing with myself and draw the sheer curtains closed. "Oh, God," I shrug and can't believe I'm still horney nevertheless; I'm wanting yet an additional sizzling orgasm. I put my three fingers in my pussy. I start moaning, groaning, and shouting, "More, more," to myself.

The fellow outside hears me and cums on the sidewalk. Thank goodness he could never figure out where I live from down there on the sidewalk. My mouth is parched and I gather some the drickling water in my cuppled hand from the shower.

I go into the kitchen and I open a bottle of champagne. "Forget making dinner now," I think to myself.

***

"Honey," I say to my boyfriend when I reach him on his cell phone. "Do me a favor, sweetie?" I ask. 

"Sure, sweetheart. What is it? Will you bring home some champagne, strawberries and whip cream?" I ask in a sultry voice. "I'm in a bit of a devilish mood."

"Okay," he says throatily. "Have my favorite lingerie ready for me."

He walks in and I'm standing nude in the kitchen with a little white lacy apron on instead. 

***

"Ready to be served after a long day at work?" I ask.

"I was born ready, Patty" he laughs. He strips for me displaying his muscular body; walking towards me with a special finger pointed upwards.

"I know what you're ready for now," as we lay down on the tablecloth I placed on the center of the kitchen floor. We fuck for real this time together. Fucking never felt so fine.

Foreplay was nice, too, but this breed of fucking beats them all.