 I met her at an industry function. I was talking to some colleagues when suddenly she was at my side, listening intently, patiently. I had actually met her before but had forgotten her name – she was the girlfriend of a bloke I vaguely knew. Amanda? Rebecca? Jane? What was her name? I was putting off introducing her to my friends when she saved me the trouble: "Hi, I'm Susan." As we chatted I became more and more aware of her presence, as though she was sending me covert signals on an obscure radio wavelength. The way she held her body, the way she held my eyes, the way she held her attention. She was hitting on me!

I started to take greater interest in her and subtly checked out the view. I liked it – short and tight. Tight arse but rounded. Tight waist and tight stomach. Stand up tits, and bigger than you would expect on such a trim unit. Full lips. The conference dragged on for a couple of hours but I had thoughts only for Susan. When I scanned the room for her she instinctively looked up and caught my gaze. She was on the make, all right, but cool and composed. Her eyes fixed mine and pierced me with desire. Her mouth opened slightly as though she had taken a sudden breath. Her tits rose and pushed against her thin blouse. No one would have noticed except me, because it was for me.

After the tedium my workmates and I milled outside on the pavement as we debated whether or not to go back to work. Then, just as I knew she would, Susan strolled up and asked if anyone wanted to go for a drink and could she join us. We took little convincing and were soon throwing them down at a trendy city bar. Needless to say, Susan was sitting next to me. As the evening wore on we talked more and more between us, ignoring the others, and the talk turned to sex. The wine and conversation were having a predictable impact on my cock, which was straining against my jeans and eager to be let loose on the tidy package of simmering sexuality on my left. Suddenly, without thinking, I slipped my hand under the table and placed it on her thigh, close to her pussy. It was an incredibly dangerous move in the circumstances, but she rewarded my boldness by shifting her arse on her seat and slightly opening her thighs.

I'd just been given the green light, but couldn't take advantage of the situation. We couldn't suddenly stand up together and leave, as this would have aroused too much suspicion amongst my friends, most of whom knew my wife. We had to sit there, our hearts racing, my cock getting redder and thicker and her pussy swimming in a small sea of its own overheated juice. She squirmed on her seat as I played with her thigh and I could imagine her no-doubt tight cunt squirming on my veiny cock. It was agony sitting there and engaging in small talk, but it was also electrifying, like a sadomasochistic session of foreplay over three hours.

Eventually a barman came up and announced it was closing time, so the drunken group staggered up and out in search of new drinking holes. Susan and I dawdled along in the rear until we lost contact with the mob, at which point I suddenly pushed her into a dark corner and kissed her. Actually, that's a shocking understatement – I virtually raped her mouth with my tongue and it was fantastic. As close to orgasm as two tongues, four lips and bodies rubbing together through clothing can be. I frantically unbottoned her top and managed to free one boob from her bra. The nipple was painfully erect, exactly like my cock, and I greedily sucked it, sending Susan into a spasmic back arch which ripped the succulent teat from my mouth. "We can't…not here," she gasped as she backed away and adjusted herself. "I have to go…this is crazy!" With that she bolted up the street, leaving me dazed and randy, drunk and spinning. I did the only sensible thing and called a cab.

First thing next day I called her. "Hello, Susan? Phil from last night. I just wanted to ring and apologise sincerely for my appalling behaviour. I can't believe it, but I know what I did and I'm shocked."

"No, no, it's fine – it was as much my fault as yours," she replied anxiously. She'd obviously been thinking about it as much as me and trying to work out how to go ahead from here.

"I want to buy you lunch to make up," I said. "To prove I can behave myself!"

"Okay," she said, "that would be good. We can both make amends."

She picked a sidewalk café and was there before me, sitting under an umbrella in the unseasonal sun. She was wearing a green-patterned kilt with black leggings and a black blouse. She looked more demure than sex kitten, which was a safe bet for a meeting that had both our mouths dry with fear and excitement. I sat down and ordered wine and we chatted about nothing for a while, trying to get the feel for each other's mood and intent. "So, about the other night…" I began.

"We were both drunk," she said, "but that's no excuse. You can't blame alcohol for what happened."

"We wanted to fuck each other," I agreed.

"That's it, and today we're going to find out if we still do," she said with a serious expression.

"How about we go and find a good place to drink champagne and discuss it at length?" I offered.

"Sounds good," Susan replied, and stood up expectantly.

My car was in the shaded corner of a carpark, and at three in the afternoon it didn't have much company. When Susan slipped into the passenger seat I reached across and drew her to me, where our mouths melted into each other once more, but this time less violently, more sensually. I pulled away and picked up the hem on her kilt, raising it until I could see the crotch of her tights. "Take them off," I said.

Time stood still. Susan stared straight ahead through the windscreen. My heart stopped. A friend of mine once told me the thing he enjoyed most about fucking new girls was the moment when they first eased down their undies. Up until that point it was just a game that could go wrong at any second. When they slipped their fingers into their knicker elastic, you knew you'd won. My friend would have been ecstatic when Susan said "All right" and fractionally lifted her delightful bum in the air, just enough to slide down her tights.

Her panties were burgundy-colored with a decorative lace trim. "Show me what's inside," I demanded softly. She slowly reached down and pulled her knickers open from the right thigh. At first I saw the soft, downy pubes, as dark as the short crop on her head, then the color of her skin grew pinker and more delicate as she revealed her outer lips to me. She stopped and held the panties open just on the left side of her slit. It was as beautiful as I'd guessed, quite small and very neat, with no large flaps protruding rudely.

"Can I touch it?" I asked shakily.

"Yes," she said, and I could tell her mouth was dry with tension.

I ran the middle finger of my right hand down the slit until I reached the opening to the vagina, which was as wet as I had guessed. I eased my finger in to the first knuckle, then used her wetness to slide my finger back up her clit, like unzipping a fly in reverse. The outer lips parted as she breathed fitfully, then I dipped back to the vagina for more juice. I slipped my finger in deeper this time, using more of her lubricants to slide up and down and open her cunt wider. Her eyes were closed and her head tilted. "Open it wider," I commanded.

Susan reached down with both hands and held her sex open for me. The inner labia were delicate and gorgeous, flushed a dark, brownish pink. "Isn't your cunt beautiful?" I asked, and she looked down as though seeing it for the first time. She nodded in agreement. I tongued her mouth and eased two fingers deep into her slippery hole, causing her to gasp and buck on my hand. "What does your beautiful cunt want?" I asked.

"Your cock," she mumbled.

"What? I can't hear you."

"Your cock," she repeated more forcefully. She pulled her face away from mine and stared at me. "My cunt wants your cock inside it very badly." I pulled my fingers out of her aching snatch and sucked off the thick, creamy lubricant. Then I stuck them back in again and she rocked. I pulled them out and stuck them in her mouth. "Tastes good, doesn't it," I said. She licked my fingers delicately.

"I bet your dick tastes better," she said.

"We'll see," I replied and started the engine.

I drove to a pub nearby and got a room. As the publican led Susan up the stairs to show us around, I could smell the delicate waft of prime cunt coming from between her legs. I wondered if the owner could too. The room was small and daggy, as you would expect. I closed the door and slid to my knees in front of her, where I reached under her kilt and pulled down her panties. Susan undid the skirt as I slightly parted her thighs and started lapping at her sweet wet hole like a thirsty dog, all the while holding her engorged lips open with both hands. She gasped as my tongue worked its way in and up, tickling her clit then sucking gently. Her juice was nectar to me, her cunt a ripe piece of melon, and my face was soon slick and sticky.

Her legs were shaking when she pulled me up to kiss her, then she in turn sank to the floor, undoing my belt with unsteady but determined fingers, easing my fat prick out of my tight jocks. It sprang willingly to attention and she took it deep into her mouth, licking up under the base, then back down to massage the red head. She was no novice at giving blowjobs and my knees were having trouble holding me up. "Get up," I panted. She stood and I turned her around. She lent against the wall and pushed her divine arse at me. It was firm and round, the skin unblemished. I opened her arse and saw the delightful star of her arsehole, and below it the hungry pink wetness of her overexcited cunt.

I held her arse cheeks and rubbed the angry head of my cock along her slit. It nosed instinctively to the vaginal opening and squeezed in slowly, parting her inner walls like a foot in a tight sock. She moaned softly and closed her eyes, leaning her cheek against the bedroom wall as though her hands could not hope to support her. Her cunt gripped me like a drowning man holding a lifesaver's hand. My cock pulsed as I slowly withdrew, then eased it back home again. Susan slid down the wall a fraction of an inch as I pulled my cock out once more. "Here's a nice present for your greedy hole," I whispered in her ear, then rammed my cock into her right to the base. She gasped and arched her back, pushing her arse back at me, and then we were fucking.

In no time at all I was ready to fill her cunt with cum. She was so wet, so tight, so eager for it. I pulled out to grab some air and in a flash she whipped around, gobbling her own sauce off my cock and then throating me again. "I love your cock, I love your cock, I love your cock," she repeated between sucking and licking, as I reached down and unbottoned her blouse, eventually pulling her bra over her head. Her tits were magnificent and there are few better sights in the world than watching a pretty woman's perfect hooters bounce and jiggle while she sucks your cock like a filthy slut.

I was soon hungry for more cunt so I commanded her to kneel on the edge of the bed. I moved her arse around to face the extensive mirrors that covered the tacky wardrobe. She looked back into the mirror and was amazed to see her pussy so perfectly reflected. I used my knob to unzip her hole, which had dried a little, then plunged it back in furiously. Susan watched in the reflection, her face as red as her blood-engorged cunt, as I worked only the first three inches of my cock into her. She looked in pain but it was pleasure that she rode. "It's…like…my…own…porno…movie," she gasped as the thick head of my cock brought her to the brink of orgasm. I groaned in delight as my cock started to spasm, unable any longer to contain itself in such magnificent surroundings. "Come in my mouth," said Susan as she spun around and took a full load of hot jism right at the back of her teeth. She drank every mouthful, all the while looking up at me with those dark, piercing eyes.

Since that day we have fucked many times, always in secret, always desperately. We have perfect pitch in the sexual stakes. Our genitals fit together like clockwork; our imaginations are as one. What she wants, I give her. She gives me things I could never have imagined. There is nothing we would not do, but we cannot do it openly. It is hard for me to think of anything else. I don't want to think of anything – just the feel of her beautiful cunt wrapped snugly around my throbbing cock. I don't know whether I am in heaven, or whether I am in hell.