 She opened her eyes to darkness, not quite sure what awoke her. She waited a moment until her eyes adjusted to the darkness, making out the outlines of the objects in the room. She lay there another moment, listening. Her lips curved into a slow smile, hearing his steady breathing next to her. She stretched, allowing her leg to brush back against his. He shifted slightly, but remained in his slumber. She turned to face him then, her body stretched out along his. Lifting her hand, she traced his jaw lightly with a fingertip. He turned his head a little with the light touch, murmuring something beneath his breath. She knew he wouldn't wake fully. He had worked late last night. She had felt him slip into bed next to her in the early morning, pulling her into his embrace. Into the spot she fit so perfectly. Still watching him, she leaned in to brush her lips over his. Again he murmured, turning over onto his back. She lay still then, waiting to see if he would pull her to him. When he continued to sleep, she shifted to pull her body over his.

Straddling him, she settled her hips against his. She rocked against him, slowly at first, the only thing between them was his boxers and her panties. She continued the slow motion of her hips, feeling his cock harden beneath her. She heard his low moan, and yet...he remained asleep. She grinned as she felt him begin to throb against her. Only then did she begin to move down his body. She shifted again, her leg moving between his. With a nudge of her knee, she had his legs parted, allowing her to slide down all the way. Her gaze never left his face. Finally, she rested there a moment. She could feel the heat of him, could see the thick outline of his cock pressing against his shorts. She leaned in, tracing that outline with the tip of her tongue before giving it a slow, long lick. The thin material sticking to that pulsing shaft. He moaned again, parting his legs a little more. She was sure he thought he was dreaming. A very sensual, realistic dream. She mouthed at him, sucking the swollen head between her lips, tasting him even through the boxers covering him. She pulled her head back slightly, letting just her tongue tease him. The tip of it parting the slit in the shorts. Lifting her hand and reaching forward, she wriggled her fingers into the opening, circling that cock. She whimpered then, seeing the single bead of precum on the tip. She began to stroke...slow, deliberate strokes. She lowered her head to swipe her tongue over his balls. She teased him, licking, grazing her teeth against him, her hand tightening with each stroke. 

She lifted her head. She could feel the precum seeping down over her fingers. Giving in to her own hunger, she leaned in to lap at those fingers, moaning deep with that first, sweet taste of him. She felt his fingers then, tangling in her hair. His voice was a low growl, a single word "Now". Closing her eyes, she took him. Her mouth surrounded him quickly, her lips tightening around him. She was as eager as he when his hand pushed her head down, forcing her throat to open and take him deep. She moaned again, a whimpering moan that vibrated over him...through him. Her mouth was a wet, warm vise as her head bobbed over him. Both of his hands fisted in her hair, guiding her at an almost frenzied pace. His hips bucked up, making her take every hard, thick inch of him. Her hand gripped his balls, squeezing...kneading them. She heard his intake of breath, his groan, his low curses as he fucked her throat. She didn't need his guidence now, she moved at her own pace. Lifting her head, her lips almost leaving him, then she would slam her mouth down again. Each time seeming even deeper than before. Her lips ached, her throat raw...yet she knew she couldn't stop until he filled her, until he fed her. 

Finally, she felt his body stiffen. His fingers had released their grip on her hair and simply lay against her head. Her own fingers continued to knead and pull, wanting everything to flood from them into her mouth. She readied for it, her eyes opened to his as he growled "Take it!" She moaned, deep and long as those thick, hot jets rushed into her mouth. His hips jerked roughly upwards, emptying everything into her. Her lips stay fastened around him, unwilling to let even a drop be wasted. Their eyes remained on one another, watching as one gives and the other eagerly takes. When finally there is no more left to give or take. 

She waited until his breathing slowed, until she was sure he slept once more. Then she crawled back up next to him, turning so that he could once again pull her back into his embrace where she fit so perfectly.