 The scene is set, rose petals on the bed and candles around the room just waiting to be lit. Now all that's needed is for me to slip into the new underwear and black silk robe you got me for my birthday. Glancing at my watch, I'm aware you're due back from training within the hour. That leaves me with just enough time to shower and tidy myself up before you're due home.

Just as I place the razor down, I hear you coming up the stairs. 

"Where be my honey? Be she in here?" You call out as you push open the bathroom door.

"Nope, no honeys in here beast!" I reply, sneaking my head around the shower curtain. Before I know what's happening you've walked over to the bath, reached in and lifted me out. Somehow, we end up a giggling heap on the floor.

"How is my smelly babe then?" I ask, kissing you softly as you smack my bum. Grabbing my hair, you pull me closer to you, kissing me passionately.

"God, how I missed you," you say, after one of the most intense kisses we have shared in a while.

"But you've only been gone two days and one night. You can't have missed me that much." I sit up so that I'm now sitting on you.

"Ah, but that's two days and one night too many." You sit up and wrap your arms around me, not caring that your suit is getting wet

"So, what you got planned for tonight? Have I got time for a quick shower; seeing as you so kindly pointed out how I smell."

"Of course you have." I smile and stand up, grabbing one of the fluffy white dressing gowns off the back of the door. I slip it on and wrap it around me. 

"See, I've even left the shower running for you." I laugh as I walk out of the bathroom into our bedroom.

Looking around, I am pleased that everything is in place. I reach for the dark purple underwear from the chair and allow the dressing gown to fall to the floor. I bend down and step into the thong before slipping on the bra. No sooner have I slipped on the silk robe than you knock on the door.

"Is it safe to come in?"

"Give me two minutes babe!" I grab the lighter and quickly run around the room, lighting all the candles.

"Are you all dry?" I call out, lighting the last candle and picking the dressing gown up from the floor. I hang it on the back of the door and open the door. I am greeted by the site of you, standing there naked, with the towel around your ankles.

"Well..." I start as you walk towards me and sweep me into your arms, carrying me further into our room. 

"Wow!" You look around the room and slowly walk over to the bed to lower me onto it.

"The room looks fantastic."

I say nothing, just smile as you kneel naked before me. You slowly run your hands up my legs, feeling me through the silk of the robe. I lean forward and kiss you, placing my hands on either side of your face. You move yourself up and place your hands on my hips and almost half lift, half slide me up the bed. You lay yourself down next to me on the petal covered bed.

With both of us lying on our sides, you slowly stroke my face and down my neck with one hand. Your fingers are making a trail soon to be followed by your mouth.

Your fingers continue their way down my body and now I'm stroking your face, looking into your eyes deeply before kissing you with renewed passion. With a tender touch, you slowly run a trail down my body over the robe, teasing me through the thin material. My nipples strain through my bra. The feeling of gentle pressure from your fingers, the lace of my underwear and the silk of my robe are soon too much and I moan loudly. 

Wrapped up in the sensations you are creating in my tingling body, I don't notice you've untied my robe until you bury your face between my breasts. You kiss, lick and nip at my exposed flesh. I try to sit up so that I can slide the robe completely off but you stop me.

"Not yet," you whisper, as you lower your head back to my breasts, kissing every exposed inch before moving your body to kiss and lick your way down mine. Your fingers find my nipples through the lace of my bra to pinch, stroke and caress them. Knowing this is driving me crazy, you simply carry on with your kissing and licking, teasing me mercilessly. 

You kiss my belly button and I flinch. You know I hate my belly button being touched so you softly slap my bare thigh to distract me. You look up at me and move that we are again side by side. I stay on my back while prop yourself up on your side to wrap your arm over my waist as you shift your naked body closer to me. The heat of your body being so close makes me turn and face you, just looking you in the eyes. I kiss you once more. 

I bring my leg up, bending it, so that I can maneuver over you to straddle you, pushing you over on your back. Placing both my hands on your chest, I can steady as I make myself more comfortable on you. You reach up and slide the robe down over my shoulders. You feel me shudder slightly as you run you fingers down my arms. I lean down to kiss you as you reach behind me and unclasp my bra. It slides down to reveal my full breasts. You slide your hands slowly around from my back to slowly and gently cup each breast, positioning each hand so that my nipples are in between your thumb and forefinger, squeezing ever so slightly. Building a rhythm, I rock my hips ever so slightly on yours, feeling your hardness growing and throbbing in-between my legs against the material of my thong.

Keeping my hands on either side of your head, I continue to kiss you, moving slightly so that I can begin to kiss down your body. Starting with your neck, moving slowly down as you keep both your hands on my breasts, pulling more on my nipples now. Your movements are getting rougher the more I try to work down your body. Not able to get lower than your chest, I work my way back up. Licking and kissing my way with your hands firmly on my breasts, pinching and twisting my nipples. I work back into the rhythm of our hips. 

Just as you start getting into it, grinding your hips with mine, I move. Once more kissing and licking my way down your body. You try to stop me, by squeezing my breasts and nipples but I move fast now, almost jerking my breasts out of your reach.

"Oh, I was enjoying that so..." you start, but don't bother to continue as you feel me working my way even further down your naked body. You guess where I am heading. Running my hands down your sides, my fingers work faster down your body than my mouth. My fingers find your cock mere moments before my mouth does. 

As my fingers work slowly down the length of your cock, my tongue follows the trail made by my fingers, licking slowly down to your balls. As I lick slowly over every inch, you moan loudly. I take that as my cue to slowly ease the head of your cock into my mouth. I take my time to tease you, licking and sucking, letting my tongue flick over your cock. Taking your cock into my mouth, I work you with my hand, slowly building speed. Working into a faster rhythm in time with you rocking your hips, you get faster and faster as you feel yourself coming closer and closer. The taste of you fills my mouth. I stop only for a moment, but I keep my hand moving fast on your cock as I look you in the eyes before returning my mouth to your cock, once more licking and sucking. Working fast, I feel you tense as your cock throbs and you shoot cum deep in my mouth. I lick and suck your cock clean, making sure I get every... last... drop. 

You place your hands on either side of my face and gently pull so that I crawl up the bed until I am sitting on your cock. You pull me close to you and kiss me, wrapping your arms tight around me. Somehow you manage to flip me over, so that you're on top of me, almost pinning me down. As you kiss me passionately and begin to work your way down my body, you take the time to kiss every inch of me. Licking, nipping and kissing my neck, you work your way down. Slowly but surely you work towards my breasts. 

Your fingers find my nipples, pinching and twisting them. Once more working into a rhythm as you continue to lick and kiss your way down my body. Quickly working down my belly, your mouth finds the top of my thong. You only manage to pull at it with your teeth before giving up and removing both hands from my breasts, sliding them slowly down my sides. You keep kissing your way down my body, kissing me through my thong. You push my legs wider so that you can kiss my wet pussy through the thin material, applying pressure to my aching clit. The thin lace gets wetter as you work my clit. Your fingers tease the waistband. Your tongue pushes and probes at my pussy, tasting me through my underwear.

Your hands work slowly round my legs, my inner thighs, running up my legs. One hand sneaks back round to my hip while the other works slowly up my leg, your fingers slipping under the drenched fabric of my thong, feeling the smooth lips of my pussy.

"You shaved for me," you say, not waiting for a response as you lower your head once more, this time your tongue softly licking at the newly exposed flesh. Your fingers slowly pushing my thong aside as your tongue laps at my skin, occasionally flicking at my clit, barely touching. You continue to lick at my cunt lips, sucking on the smooth skin, stopping only to pull my thong down. I lift my hips to make it easier but you stop when you get to my knees, almost forcing my legs together. You keep my legs up and slowly shuffle forward, lining your cock up with my wet hole. Teasing me, you slowly begin to ease your cock into my cunt. You barely enter me before pulling out and sliding back in, repeatedly. Each time sliding in deeper until you have sunk all of your deviously hard cock into my wet cunt. Going slowly at first, gradually you build speed until you are pounding into me. You rest my legs on your shoulders, my thong still around my knees.

You continue to rock your hips, working your cock deep into my pussy. Watching me pinch and twist my nipples before sliding one hand down my body, reaching between my legs, my fingers finding my clit, rubbing in circles. My fingers match speed with your hip movements. Working faster and faster, until without warning you pull out. You lean down and kiss me.

"I'm not ready for this to finish, I want to have more fun with you yet," you say as you kiss your way down my body, taking your time to kiss everywhere. Going from nipple to nipple, you take your time to lick round each one, tongue flicking, sucking and teasing each one, while your hand makes a trail down my body, quickly finding my dripping pussy. Your tongue flicks my nipples as your fingers flick across my clit, almost working together in a rhythm, working my clit and nipples as if they were one. Fingers exploring, finding my wet hole but teasing it, two fingers just there, pushing a little but not going in, as you continue to work my clit and nipple. Your fingers teasing me, I know what you want just as much as you know what I want. But I am not going to give in just yet, I am not going to beg you just yet. And we both know that, this is like a game for us, a way to make things different, how long can I go before I have to beg you to lick me, to take my clit in your mouth and roll your tongue round it, suck it. We both like the tease too much.

To be continued...