 Imagine waking up to the early morning sun, with sounds of the forest behind you and vistas of the ocean before you. Nestled together, sharing the warmth and comfort of a soft bed. The smell and heat of his skin reaching into the recesses of your mind fleeting images cavorting across your sleepy, half closed eyes. Turning and seeing that perfect face, beside you still dozing. Watching as shadows and light play, moving changing the symmetry of his face while the sun climbs higher into the early morning sky. So peaceful you don't want to move, so soft and inviting. Your hand moves of its own volition to smooth and stroke relaxed muscles exposed above the sheets; jaw then neck slowly flowing down to shoulder and arm. 

So serene a sigh passes his lips and he wriggles back toward you inviting you, enticing you. Reforming the contours of your body to wrap around his; holding him, revelling in the comfort of contentment of the moment. Enfolding him in your arms; nuzzling into the back of his neck gently kissing and breathing softly across his ear. Hand slipping beneath the bed covers exploring his powerful chest the texture of smooth skin outlining the character of his compact torso. Finding nipples to encircle and tease before gliding back to the centre of his chest and gently down over this stomach. Taste and smell as your lips and tongue move over his neck and back; sigh becoming a moan as he rolls over to you with a sweet smile on his face. Taking your hand he guides it where it has not yet gone, to find a standing ovation in as a reward adding to your arousal, feeling the heat and wetness gathering inside you. Entwining his throbbing cock in your fingers sliding them up and down his length, watching as his eyes close and back arches raising his hips as your other hand cups his balls, nails tenderly flick over the supple skin below. 

Tasting the tightness of his swollen erection as it glides back and forth over your tongue. So deep, feeling him fill your mouth and tickling the very back of your throat. Fingers delving between his curved cheeks, rubbing over that most tender switch releasing his length to retrace the path with your tongue. Licking and nipping those soft sensitive and so often over looked treasure troves of sensation. His body responding to your enticements, squirming with each touch inspiring a new awareness as nerves fire and flare through his body and mind. Once more sucking his flavour into the recesses of your mouth, savouring the texture of his skin as it spasms and jerks with each flick of your tongue, devouring, drinking every sip of his essence. His body reaching for you, drawing you tighter closer to him with large strong hands grabbing squeezing your breast pulling you too him as his tongue finds your nipples, alternating soft, hard, tongue teeth and lips.

Looking down at his most beautiful face, your eyes locked in a hungry smile as you shift your weight to allow him entry into the depths of your body, so hard, so good being slowly impaled, clit rubbing against the base of his erection as your flesh begins to move and dance together. Those steps as old as time yet always fresh and new. Sitting back to take every available sensation, depth of penetration before reaching behind you to massage his sack feeling his hands on your hips pressing you down as you grind over him. Hands moving up your back lifting his closer to you, drawing you into a deep and passionate kiss as bodies hold still suspended for an instance before your rolled on to your back. 

Looking up as he lifts your legs over his chest and drives into you again with increasing ferocity, opening your legs wide so he can watch as well as feel your yielding flesh swallow his entire length over and again. Fingers rubbing against your clit encouraging your hips to rise with each powerful thrust of his thighs, feeling his body press over you bending you fucking you harder, deeper as his face contorts with the ecstasy of pleasure. Knowing he's on the edge and it wouldn't take much to push him over, sliding your fingers between you feeling the heat between your bodies as you grip his cock the added sensation plunging him over He announces he's coming inside you, the last thrust slamming you together in a sea tingling awareness, shuddering and heaving as muscles tighten and all is still while his body ebbs into yours. 

Laying together in the pleasure of each others arms watching as the sun continues its path across the sky, content silence giving way to conversation, slowly turning to thoughts of the day and as one appetite is temporarily slackened another comes into view. Breakfast! Bacon and eggs, there is no place for unease between you, so neither reaches for clothes as you move into the kitchen discussing the division of labour stopping periodically for long deep kisses or just to admire the other as they go about their morning. Marvelling at the simple pleasure and contentment gained in shared tasks and the promise of unhurried time together.