 It was a memorable wedding. For the bride and groom I don't quite remember. But for me, well there's no way I will forget it. If you have read my previous story you would know I'm writing down all my past experiences. Well this one is from when I was 23 and my lust really knew no bounds. In the midst of partying it up in the Mumbai nightlife, one day I suddenly received a wedding invite. The invite was from one of my old boyfriends. We dated in my younger days, never really got physical but we were more good friends than boyfriend-girlfriend. 

Anyway, I wouldn't have gone for the wedding had it not been in Goa. Seven week holiday in Goa, with all sorts of intoxicants around was something I didn't want to miss, even though I hardly knew anyone there. 

It was a January wedding, the weather perfect to get my beachwear out. But I also packed in a few evening dresses for the actual wedding and reception parties. The groom, my ex-boyfriend Ricky told me a friend of his will pick me up from the airport as he himself would be quite busy. Since I was landing up at Goa, I decided to board the flight in shorts and a tank top with small denim jacket which I took off after landing. 

Ricky's friend was waiting at the arrival with a board with my name written on it. I walked over to him, a little intrigued. Usually, when I walk towards a guy I do get checked out and I do like it. But this guy did not really have lust on his mind. 

"Hi, I'm Sahil, Ricky's best man," he introduced himself. "Ria, here." 

He took my bag, like a proper gentleman and quickly we got chatting while heading towards the open top jeep he had hired. On the way to the hotel, we became quite friendly and realised we were Goa virgins, it was our first time in this beautiful place. 

"Do you want check out the beach-side shacks after we reach? I mean if the festivities haven't started that is," I asked. "Sure, not a lot happening with the wedding party. We definitely can sneak out," he replied gladly. 

After we reached and I checked into the hotel, I quickly changed into my red thong bikini. I put my shorts back on and the jacket and met Sahil in the lobby. After I got into the car, I asked him if its ok to leave the clothes in the car. "Why did you wear them anyway, we were going to the beach you know, but its ok you can leave the clothes here," he smiled and said as he sped off towards the beach. 

Sitting next to him in my tiny bikini and wearing my sunglasses, I tried to see if he was eyeing me. But, again he had no reaction. 

We reached Anjuna beach in Goa when it was around 4PM in the evening. He took his shirt off revealing his well toned torso. We walked towards this shack at the end of the beach. It was about a kilometre long walk and we decided to stop and started having beers at the place as the sun set. 

Before we knew it, it was already 8 and both of us started getting a little tipsy. 

I had already taken a couple of dips in the beach and we met this random European couple. We smoked joint with them, drank some more till around midnight. It was a nice friendly night. 

We walked back well past midnight. The beach was almost empty. Suddenly he asked me, "Do you like sucking cocks?" 

I was a little stunned as we were walking back, but I was pleasantly surprised. You see, I was in a phase of life where I needed a cock every night. "I do" I replied. 

He grabbed my hands pulled me towards a corner of the beach where a few rocks formed a small cave. "I need to cum, and you are going to help me," he said as I followed him there without much resistance.

Sahil grabbed my head and pushed me down to my knees as he took his shorts off and revealed his cock. It wasn't stiff but it still was long. In a sudden moment I had become incredibly horny. The cold sea breeze against my boobs made my nipples hard with the outline clear on my bikini top. 

I started to stroke his cock as I slapped the tip against my lips and my cheeks. He moved his hands lower and pushed the material of my bikini top to the sides to reveal my boobs. He started kneading them just to hear me moan. 

I start to lick the length of his cock as it started to stiffen up. That was the only way I knew he liked it because he was terribly quiet. 

My tongue wrapped around his cock as my lips started to cover the length of his cock. His hands moved from my boobs to my hair. He grabbed my hair and pulled it off my face as he started to push himself into my mouth. 

His cock, stiff and thick had filled up my mouth as I tasted his amazing pre-cum in my mouth. My pussy getting wet all the while. Soon I didn't have to do anything, he just started slamming his cock in my mouth. Fucking my face as I looked up at him, loving the feeling of shedding the well-behaved nature and turning into a cock slut. 

He relentlessly pounded my face. All of a sudden he pulled it out and start grabbed my tits and started fucking my tits. 

He brought his toes and started rubbing my pussy as he fucked my chest. The sun was slowly rising as the skies were turning into a shade of orange, when he shot his load all over my face and my chest. 

After I licked it all up, we walked back to the car. I fell asleep in the car so I don't remember how I got back into my room. But I woke up middle of the afternoon the next day with a knock on my door. I walked out of bed to realise I was naked. So I covered myself up with the bed sheet and opened the door. I didn't recognize him. 

"Sahil's busy running some errands with Ricky, so I'll be taking care of you today. Let me know if you need anything, I'm in room number 1502," he said. "And oh, my name is Aman." 

"Thanks Aman, but I'm gonna sleep right now," I said and closed the door. 

I was confused. Did me and Sahil fuck last night or was the blowjob the only thing we did? Why would he not hang out with me again or maybe he is really busy. Either way, Aman's quite cute too, I thought to myself as I went back to sleep. 

I went down had some lunch and hung around the hotel's pool. Aman walked in and saw me and walked upto me. Now he was full of lust. Did Sahil tell Aman about me? I didn't care. I waved to Aman. 

"Hey put some lotion on my back," I told him. Aman was clumsy and nervous, almost boyish. But he did as I told him. Almost disrespectfully, I sent him away and asked him to come by 8 to the hotel's nightclub. 

I went back up and got dressed in sparkly silver dress and in four inch high heels as I walked down and met Aman. He cleaned up nice, in a sharp black suit. We entered the nightclub. 

The music was insane. The drinks were amazing and we were dancing away like mad. We both shared a pill of ecstacy each as I began to grind my ass on his crotch. The party was still roaring when he grabbed me and motioned me to follow him into the men's room. 

I was horny once again and we went into the first cubical that was free. Aman was no longer shy and nervous. He knew exactly what he was doing and how to do it. After a deep kiss during which his hand explored all over my body. He spun me around and lifted my dress up above my ass. 

"You know grinding on my ass only makes me want to fuck it," he said strongly. I moaned out loud, not knowing whether anyone else could hear me. Aman placed the length of his cock on my ass crack and started dry humping it to get it hard. 

"Oh fuck, do you have lubrication to enter my ass," I said I moaned out loudly. 

His fingers were rapidly fucking my pussy making my juices flow. His cock was throbbing between my ass. "I'm going to use your juices as lubrication you little slut," he said as he grabbed my hair and pulled me towards him. 

He started kissing my neck as he kept dry humping my ass and fingering my pussy. His fingers were bringing all the juices and putting it all around my asshole as he rubbed my juices all over his cock. He firmly gripped my hair and started to enter me as I let out half a moan, half a scream. His thick cock spreading my ass hole to its limits. 

"Ahhhh Ria, you need to get your ass fucked more to losen you up," Aman said as he slapped my ass hard. I kept moaning as his fingers kept playing with my pussy. I was so sure people outside the cubical could hear us. But Aman kept going relentlessly. 

He entered me slowly and fully and kept it there letting my asshole relax and get used to the thickness of his cock. His finger deep inside my wet pussy. 

"Fuckkk, your cock is so amazing in my ass," I screamed out. "Its been so long since my ass has been fucked." 

Aman lifted my feet and started pounding my ass like a wheel barrow. I kept fingering my clit as pounded my ass. 

I was shuddering and shaking as I reached an orgasm and squirmed my juices all over but Aman's stroke's just kept getting firmer and harder. 

I kept screaming in ecstasy as I could finally feel his cock throbbing and getting close to shooting his load. "Oh baby I'm going to fill you up," he yelled as the first of his shots hit deep inside my ass.

It was like a neverending stream of cum flowing inside my ass when he finally pulled out. "Now you can go back to your room," he ordered me. I was a little stunned thinking that he would have wanted to fuck all my holes. But I did pull my dress down and walked out as some men saw me. But I went up straight to my room. 

The next evening was the wedding. I slept off and woke up in afternoon. I was having a quiet day looking back at the past two days. I was used like a slut. But I hadn't gotten what I wanted. My pussy to be pounded. 

I was wondering what I had in store for tonight. I met Ricky for lunch and caught up on our lives. Well I spared him the naughty details. He seemed all set to start his married life that evening. His wife seemed quite sweet as well. While speaking with them I asked if there are any more of Ricky's friends I haven't met yet. He just said there's a surprise. 

I went up and changed into the dress for the wedding. A backless blue gown with a slit right upto my thighs. I tied up my hair into a bun and went to the hotel's ballroom for the wedding. While I walked into the ballroom, someone came from behind, put his hands around my waist and covered my eyes. I couldn't guess who it was. He placed a soft kiss on the back of my neck and revealed himself. 

It was Vikram, Ricky's best friend since school, and the guy I cheated on Ricky with while I dated him. "How long have you been here?" I said, happily surprised. "All along! Just been busy. But meet me after the ceremony. We have a lot to catch up on," he said. 

His words sent a tingling down my pussy. I had fun during the party. Dancing with Sahil and Aman. Vikram and I shared a drink and saw off the happy couple who went off on their way to the airport for their honeymoon. 

Vikram and I went back upto my room. But the surprises had not ended for me. Sahil and Aman both were there waiting for us. "Ria, I know you have been craving for a cock in your pussy," said Vikram as he grabbed me and started rubbing my moist pussy over the fabric of my dress. 

"Sahil and Aman have fucked your mouth and your ass because I told them to," he went on. "But tonight, all of us will fuck all your holes." 

He picked me up in his arms and took me and threw me on the bed. "But which one of you is going to go first," I replied as I went onto the bed and started undoing my dress. The boys were taken aback but were happy to hear that. 

"I will start off with your pussy, let the boys warm up," said Vikram as he took off my dress and threw it. He spread my legs apart as the two guys stared greedily at my pussy and started stroking their cocks. 

Vikram was all set to go as I started to stroke his cock and rub the head on my pussy lips. I moaned out loud. "Oh you guys better fuck me well today I'm hornier than a slut," I yelled out as Vikram entered me and started fucking my pussy. 

My juices gushing as his strokes get harder. My boobs shaking away Vikram's hard strokes shake me up. I moan and glimpse from my eye that Sahil and Aman have taken off their clothes and move towards me.

Both of them cover each of my nipples with their mouths as I moan louder. My hands running through my head as I reach my first orgasm of the night. Vikram pulls out and tells Aman to lie down. 

"Now get on top of him and start riding him, Sahil, you always wanted her ass didn't you?" he says as he smack my ass cheeks. I climb on top of Aman's stiff hard cock. His face full of glee as I slide down easily. Vikram brings his cock covered in our love juices to my mouth. "I need cleaning up," he commands me. 

I obliged and started to lick off the juices from his cock as my lips lock around his cock. His long shaft hitting the back of my throat. My moans get muffled by it as my pussy lips lock around Aman's cock as I begin to ride him. My boobs grazing against his chest as I feel a pair of hands massaging my tits. 

Sahil gets behind me and spits on my ass then begins to lick my ass crack as his hands massage my breasts. 

Vikram's hands on my head as his cock fucks my mouth, Aman's cock fucking my pussy and suddenly for the first time in my life, I had a cock in all three of my holes. Sahil, who had the longest cock entered my ass, which he lubed up with his saliva. 

He barely entered me as I shook hard again and let out a loud scream and squirted all over Aman's cock. Aman and Sahil met each other stroke for stroke as Vikram pulled me head back and started to lick my tits while I stroked his cock in my hands. 

I could feel throbbing cocks all over me. Aman was definitely close to cumming in my pussy. Sahil was pulsating in my ass while Vikram entered my mouth again. One after the other all three started to cum. Their first time for the night. 

"Boys, don't stop now," I said I got off Aman. My insides full of cum. "Sahil you still have to fuck my pussy Aman you need to fuck my mouth and Vikram, you have always loved my ass," I said as I licked up his cum leaking on the sides of my lips. 

"Well you boys start, I need a rest," said Aman. 

As Sahil lifted my up in his arms and placed his cock in my pussy while he spread my ass. Vikram lined up behind me. I was in between these two strong men standing and holding me up as they began to pound my holes simultaneously. 

My nails digging into Sahil's back as I moan out in ecstasy. I lean my head back and start to kiss him while his cock rips my as ass with each stroke. Sahil matching Vikram stroke for stroke while burying his face into my boobs. 

I moan like a slut between the two guys as I start to squirt and reach another orgasm. Vikram shoots his load into my ass along with my own orgasm and then pulled out. Sahil grabbed me and slammed me against the wall as he fucked my pussy hard and fucked it rough. From the wall he put me down on the floor and slammed into my as he reached his own orgasm and shot his load in me.

Tired after a few minutes of lying down, I got up onto my knees. Aman was standing with his cock in front of me. Promptly I took his cock into my mouth as my tongue started to play with his cock. My tongue teasing the tip of his cock, licking the spine of his cock as my lips kept sliding from the tip to the bottom. My hands massaging his balls as the others gather around me. 

I now start to stroke Sahil and Vikram's cock as I suck on Aman's. I time my strokes and suck on Aman's to make sure none of them cums before the other one. As soon as I feel all three are ready to cum, I take Aman's cock outta my mouth and let the cum from three cocks gush over me. I lick up all that I can. 

Exhausted the boys slowly dress up and lie down as I go in for a shower. I left the shower door open. Vikram enters and starts to lick my pussy in the shower. "I arranged all of this," he says. "I always knew you were slut, wanted you to feel it. I hope you didn't mind." 

He got back to licking my cunt. His tongue exploring the insides of my pussy which just had three cocks inside it. But yet his expertise with his tongue inside my pussy brought me to another orgasm. We hugged and kissed and just like that he went on his way. I packed up again, sore and sleepy, my flight just two hours away now as the time was 6AM. My first gangbang I thought. I enjoyed it. Loved being a slut, I thought to myself as I slept off in the flight.