 Patty Haskins didn't want to believe what she saw. But there was her boyfriend, Preston Drake, kissing and groping some freshman slut on the couch of his frat house. The din of the boisterous party around her suddenly seemed silent, as if she was in one of those movie moments when the rest of the world stops, and all Patty could see was Preston trying to shove his tongue down the little slut's throat while squeezing her huge and obviously store-bought tits.

From appearances, Preston and Patty were the ideal college couple. They'd been together for two years. Preston was his fraternity's president. Naturally good looking, charming, rich and eloquent, Preston was highly respected by his friends and feared by his few enemies. Patty was a junior and her sorority's treasurer, and unofficially pegged to be the chapter president the next year. She had a nickname of "Perfect Patty", used both as a compliment and behind her back with sneering jealousy. Her face was naturally gorgeous, and her figure was flawless. Still, looks weren't her only asset; her grades were the best in her sorority, and the other girls regularly came to her for help with papers and assignments.

Patty knew about the multitude of girls Preston had been with before her. It was no secret he had cut a wide swath among the University's coeds. But when Patty and Preston became serious, she trusted his promises to be faithful. At first it was easy to brush off the occasional rumor, the confusing jokes his friends would sometimes make when they were drunk about Preston being a "pimp". But in the past few months it had become clear that Preston had cheated on her. At first she thought maybe it was a one-time thing, while drunk when she wasn't around. It now became clear it was a habit of his, one that wasn't going to change.

Patty was supposed to be out of town instead of standing at the party, watching Preston and his floozy swap spit. Her sorority sister whom she was supposed to be driving to Vegas with had come down with the flu, and they decided to reschedule the trip. Patty had decided to just drive to Preston's house and surprise him at the party, along with giving him a sexy surprise later that night.

"Fine, he wants to cheat on me? Two can play the cheating game," she thought to herself, steaming. The house was certainly full of horny, drunk frat boys. Patty had occasionally noticed that many of them were cute, although none could match Preston's stunning good looks or sense of fashion. Patty set off to find herself a guy to revenge fuck.

In the kitchen she spied Bryce Weathers. Bryce was a frat brother Patty had seriously considered dating before Preston made his move on her. He was almost as rich, almost as handsome, and almost as charming. In any other social circle he would have been the proverbial "big man", but he seemed willing enough to follow Preston's leadership, content to be the number two man on the totem pole. Patty had seen Bryce with enough cute coeds on his arm to know he was hardly suffering in that position, and that most guys would be thrilled to have Preston's spillover.

Fucking Bryce would be the perfect revenge.

"Hey Bryce," Patty said to him, trying to sound and look seductive. "How's it going tonight, stud?"

"Oh, hi Patty," Bryce said, surprised. "I thought you were supposed to be in Vegas," he said nervously, looking around for Preston.

"My plans changed. Say, I remember you once told me about some trophy in your room you wanted to show me, you know, at some party years ago, before Preston and I got together. I really would love to see it now, if you don't mind?" Patty asked, stroking Bryce's forearm gently.

"Uhhh..." Bryce stammered, obviously uncomfortable. "Oh hey, Pete, wait up Bro!" he exclaimed, spying a buddy and practically running over to him to escape his conversation with Patty.

Patty was disappointed but not despondent. She realized in hindsight that Bryce was too close to Preston, too loyal to make a move on her. She needed someone with slightly looser morals, who wasn't so close to the frat's inner circle.

Joey Angelotti loved to smoke, drink heavily, and gamble on almost anything. Patty had once overheard him boasting that for him it was more fun to lie to get into a girl's pants than to get there honestly. While he wasn't as attractive as Preston or Bryce, he still had some very attractive features, and a very masculine body and face. Patty figured he might have loose enough morals to sleep with a frat brother's girlfriend.

She was wrong. He flat out rejected her, coldly. Patty even approached a couple other guys whose names she didn't know, but even the most drunk and horny among them was unwilling to sleep with Preston Drake's girl, even after she pointed out that he cheated on her more than once, a fact they all denied.

At last, Patty locked herself in one of the house's bathrooms and shouted "Fuck!" Collapsing into a heap on the floor, she buried her face into her hands and began crying. She felt worthless and unwanted. She realized intellectually that her failure in getting laid had nothing to with her attractiveness or personality, and everything to do with Preston's influence over his frat brothers. But it still stung that she couldn't get a single guy to sleep with her when she practically threw herself at them.

When her tears stopped flowing, Patty decided she needed to be more proactive. "Guess I need to go elsewhere," she told herself, standing up and straightening out her outfit. She walked back to her car with purpose. "There are tons of guys out there who would practically die to get a piece of this," she reminded herself, examining her appearance in the bathroom mirror. Her make-up was running, but she could easily fix that. Her tits weren't the biggest, but she wasn't flat either, and with the right push-up bra she could really look hot in a halter top. Her tummy was flat and her legs and ass were firm from hours spent at the gym. "I'm beautiful, and I know how to dress," she said, trying to boost her shaken confidence. It took a few minutes to fix her make-up giving her time to plan her next move.

Patty considered calling an ex-boyfriend, but she didn't have many to choose from. Two years of fidelity can certainly lead to atrophy of one's list of potential fuck-buddies. Her ex before Preston was recently engaged, which ruled him out. Patty wasn't too keen on picking up a total stranger, as safety and cleanliness were obvious issues.

With her appearance fixed, Patty slipped out of the house and walked to her car. She flipped open her cell phone and began scanning through phone numbers. Almost all the guys in her phone were frat brothers of Preston's. They were close friends of hers, but completely useless for her current desire.

Towards the end of the list she hit upon Rick's name. It took her a moment to remember who Rick even was. She suddenly recalled he was her biology lab partner the previous quarter, with whom she'd gotten together with a couple times outside of class to work on lab reports together. Rick was a tall guy, a little on the skinny side, but also cute in his own nerdy kind of way. He was genuinely nice and sweet, and managed to be helpful in lab without being condescending towards her. Patty had learned early on that many science majors didn't take her very serious thanks to her appearance and sorority membership. But Rick had been nice to her from day one, only offering suggestions when it was obvious she was on the wrong track, and listening to her suggestions.

Patty scanned through the rest of her phone and came up empty. She realized she didn't actually know much about Rick. Did he have a girlfriend? She remembered him saying something about a date once, but it had been several months prior.

"May as well give him a shot," Patty thought, pressing the button to call him up. It wasn't even past midnight, so she didn't figure she'd wake him.

"Hello?" he answered. She heard the sound of loud talking in the background, perhaps playing a videogame of some kind.

"Hi, Rick? It's Patty... your old lab partner, from biology" Patty said, trying to sound poised and confident, even as she felt nervous and anxious.

"Hey Patty, what's up?" he asked, obviously confused to be hearing from her.

"Are you busy? Do you have a second to talk?" she asked.

"Sure," he replied. Patty waited for the sounds of the guys in the back to disappear, but it didn't happen.

"Could you go someplace where it's quieter?" she asked as nicely as possible.

"Oh. Yeah, sure," he replied. Patty heard the sound of a door shutting and the background noise disappeared. "So what's up? How have you been? Do you need help with a class or something?"

"No, it's not that. I actually wanted to ask you something more personal."

"Um, ok," he replied, clearly confused.

"I have this friend who just found out her boyfriend is cheating on her. Well, she suspected he was, but she just found out for certain. She wants to get back at him," Patty said.

"Ok, I can see that," Rick answered.

"So all the guys my friend knows are also close friends with her soon to be ex-boyfriend. So she asked me to call any guys I know who might be interested in getting together with her. And I thought of you," Patty said, knowing it wasn't a very believable story. "I mean, assuming you're not seeing anyone right now."

"Me? Why?" Rick asked in response.

"Well, she and I have a lot of the same friends. You're cute, you're nice, and I think you could be really sweet to her," Patty said, wondering how long she could keep up the "friend" charade.

"Wow. Well thanks, Patty," Rick replied, obviously flattered.

"You don't have a girlfriend do you Rick?" Patty asked hopefully.

"I did, but we broke up a couple weeks ago. She was kind of a bitch, actually," Rick replied.

"Well I'm sorry to hear she was a bitch to you. You deserve better than that. So do you think you would be up for meeting my friend tonight?" Patty inquired. "She would really like to take her revenge while the proverbial iron is still hot, if you catch my meaning."

"Sure. Uh, where?" he asked.

"Your place? You could get your friends to go away for a booty call, right?" Patty asked, surprised at her own boldness. Was she really going to just go over and fuck him like some slut?

"Yeah. Um, I hate to ask but... what does your friend look like?" Rick asked. Patty detected a hint of suspicion in his voice.

"I can honestly say she's as attractive as I am," Patty replied. "So, if you think I'm hot, I guarantee you'll like her."

There was a pause, and then Rick replied, "Yeah, you're a cute girl."

"Just cute?" Patty asked. "Come on, be honest Rick, I'm better than 'cute'," she said, both teasing and hoping he thought more highly of her looks than that.

"Ok, fine, you're hot. Totally hot, actually. So what's your friend's name?"

"Don't worry about that right now. She'll be over in a little bit, ok? Make sure you're alone, she's a little shy," Patty quickly said.

"Yeah, sure. Is this for real? I mean, you're not playing some prank on me, are you?" Rick asked.

"I promise that there is a pretty girl who wants to come over and have sex with you right now as revenge on her cheating boyfriend," Patty replied. "Where do you live these days?"

"115 Johnson Hall. I'll kick my roommate out. When should I expect her?" Rick asked.

"Give her fifteen minutes," she replied. "Call my number if she's not there in twenty."

"Gotcha. Thanks Patty," he said. "I mean, it sounds like I'm going to owe you one."

"I'm sure you can figure out how to make it up to me," she replied.

Patty hung up, her heart racing. If she couldn't be upfront that it was her, and not a friend who was looking for a revenge fuck, how the hell would she have the courage to throw herself at Rick?

She sat in her car, almost paralyzed for several minutes. Two drunken frat brothers shouting loudly in the front lawn broke her free from her little spell. "Now or never," she told herself, starting her car and driving towards Rick's dorm.

Patty touched up her make-up in the dorm's parking lot. She knew that Rick wouldn't be picky, but it was still important to her to look her best, to really rock his world and make it memorable for him. Satisfied, she grabbed her keys and purse, locked her car, and walked to the apartment building's entrance.

The door was propped open with a trash can, so she didn't need to call up to get into the building. Patty had no trouble finding room 115. Inhaling deeply, Patty knocked on the door.

Rick opened the door, and said, "Patty? What are you doing here? Where's your friend?"

Patty stepped forward, slipping past Rick into the dorm room and pushing the door closed behind her. Before saying anything, she looked him in the eyes and slowly began undoing the top buttons of her blouse.

"Everything else I said was true, but the "friend" I talked about is actually me. I hope you don't mind?" she asked, trying to sound seductive. The fact that her shirt was halfway open, exposing the top of her cleavage probably helped in that regard.

"No... I don't mind," Rick replied, "I'm just surprised."

Patty looked around the dorm room. Rick had turned off the lights and lit several candles. It smelled as though deodorizer had recently been sprayed, but it wasn't an unpleasant smell.

Patty stepped forward, pressing herself against Rick. He wasn't as muscular as Preston, but still had a nice masculine firmness to his body. She moved her head to his neck and inhaled deeply. "You smell nice," she said.

"Thanks," he replied softly. He was clearly tense, almost paralyzed.

"I want you to relax, and enjoy yourself," Patty said, hoping to put him at ease. "You're not a virgin are you?"

"No, no, definitely not," he said.

"So what's the matter?" she asked. She wasn't prepared for more rejection.

"It's just... Patty, honestly, you're like a goddess. Do you know how jealous my friends were that I was your lab partner last quarter? You're so beautiful, but you're smart too. I'm just not used to really hot girls wanting to... you know... mess around with guys like me," he said.

Patty smiled at his honest compliments. "Rick, you need to learn that beautiful girls are just like other women. I suppose a few of them are stuck-up, but most of us just want to be talked to like we're normal. Don't think of me as a goddess. Think of me as a normal, sexy girl, who wants to have a little fun with you."

Rick nodded, clearly still anxious.

"Tell you what," Patty said, running her hands down his chest. "I know exactly how to relax a guy," she slipped her hands down to his crotch, and felt an impressively sized, very hard cock between his legs.

Patty sunk to her knees and started undoing Rick's pants. "I've only sucked one dick for the past two years. Hell, I've only seen one dick in the flesh in that time period. But that's going to change," she said, tugging down Rick's pants and underwear, his sizable erection springing free.

"Wow, you're big," Patty observed. "Much bigger than Preston." Preston was of average size, and Patty took a private thrill in knowing that her revenge fuck was going to be bigger than her soon to be ex-boyfriend. She had slept with a bigger guy in the past, and knew that while it was a nice bonus, was hardly the most important thing about a guy. Still, she knew it would drive Preston nuts when she told him about fucking Rick afterwards.

Patty reached out and touched Rick's dick, stroking it gently, feeling the smooth skin of his penis. She looked up at Rick and asked "Would you like me to suck you off?"

He could only nod, and she opened her lips and took his manhood into her mouth. He groaned loudly, trembling slightly as she sucked him gently and slowly.

She released his dick from her mouth momentarily to say, "Take off your shirt," and then resumed sucking on his impressive member. With Preston she was able to bury her nose in his pubic hair without gagging, but with Rick that would have been impossible. She placed her hand next to her mouth for help, and slid up and down his shaft, licking the tip, looking up at him to see the contortions of pleasure in his face.

"Patty... I'm close," he moaned.

"Good, I'm glad you think I'm sexy. Do you want to cum in my mouth?" she asked with a sultry tone.

"God yes! Please!" he exclaimed, his cock swelling up even more. She took him back in her mouth, and he immediately cried "I'm coming!"

Blast after blast of warm cum shot into her mouth as Rick groaned loudly. Patty was impressed by the volume of Rick's load. Preston usually tasted rather acidic and bitter, but Rick's had a certain sweetness to the taste. She held his load in her mouth until he finished, and then released his cock from her mouth. Looking up at him and making eye contact, she swallowed his load, licking her lips and purring contentedly.

"Did you like that?" she asked.

"Are you kidding me? That was fucking awesome!" he exclaimed.

"Good, I'm glad you enjoyed. I'm also glad you seem to be staying hard, because frankly I came here to get fucked, not just suck dick."

Being sucked off seemed to unleash a beastly hunger that had been pent up within Rick. He pulled Patty to her feet and kissed her, with more confidence than she expected. He wasn't the best kisser, but wasn't bad, and Patty was turned on enough to be too critical.

"You don't mind the taste?" she asked him as they broke their first kiss.

"Nah. I mean, you swallowed it; the least I can do is kiss you after. But now I want to make you feel good," he said, unbuttoning the remaining buttons on her blouse and helping her take it off her body so she was down to just her bright red bra and short jean skirt.

Rick led her to the bed and had her lie down on her back, then began running his fingertips along her exposed skin, kissing her upper chest and tummy gently. "Wow. You are so unbelievably gorgeous," he observed. "I can't believe I've got you half naked in my bed right now."

Patty smiled and said "Well, this is very real. Let's enjoy it."

Rick's hands and mouths explored Patty's firm and toned body hungrily. She had rarely felt quite so desirable with Preston. And when Patty helped Rick undo her bra and revealed her tits to him, she was rewarded with his look of almost childlike joy.

Rick leaned his head in and gently sucked on one of her light pink nipples, batting at the hard little bud with his tongue. One of his hands slid between her legs, sliding up her skirt and teasing her pussy through her panties.

"Do you feel how wet you've made me?" she asked, almost in a whisper. He nodded enthusiastically, switching his attention to her other nipple. After giving it the same treatment, he moved back a little and stared at her silently.

"What are you doing?" she asked, feeling a sudden rush of self-consciousness.

"Just looking at you. You are so beautiful," he said. Patty looked down and noticed his erection somehow looked even bigger and harder than before. "I'm just still amazed we're doing this."

"Thank you," Patty replied. She unzipped her skirt and lifted her hips to slide it off, leaving her lying on his bed in only her tiny red thong. "I'm glad you think I'm sexy."

"I'll show you how sexy you are," Rick said, moving between her legs and kissing her inner thighs and hips.

Patty moaned with pleasure. It had been a while since Preston had really taken his time with their foreplay. She supposed it was normal for couples to fall into routines, to lose that sense of newness and wonder exploring each other's bodies. But it was still nice to have a man kiss her skin softly and adoringly.

Rick hooked his fingers in the sides of Patty's tiny panties, and peeled them off her body. Like most of the girls in her sorority Patty kept her self completely waxed, and she could tell by the way Rick was looking at it that he approved.
