 Our son decided to spend Saturday night at the home of a friend of his from school. This was perfect. This meant that Frank and I could awaken, naked, in each other’s arms on Sunday morning, mother’s day.

Frank bought me the new Celine Dion CD, which he knew I had really wanted. We put it on the stereo in our bedroom. The first song, Celine sang about how she was feverish for her man, she drove all night to get to him, she crept into his room, and awakened him by making love to him. Was it all right with him that she did this?

Frank laughed. “What man would say no, this isn’t all right, to be awakened by his woman making love with him?”

I smiled, and leaned over Frank. I wrapped my hand around his cock, and guided it to my mouth. “So, it would be OK with you, if I awakened you like this?” I asked, smiling, as I sucked him into my mouth.

He rolled me over onto my back, set his head down between my thighs, and began to lick slowly. “I’d rather awaken YOU,” he grinned. “Like THIS!” With that, his tongue slid into my juicy slit, the tip gently tickling my G-spot. I went ballistic, rubbing my hand through his hair and thrusting myself upward to meet his exploring tongue.

I wrapped my hand around his already thick, hard, throbbing cock, and he slid up the bed. I guided him into me, and we slowly made love with each other, for about 30 minutes. Then he sped it up, and after another fifteen minutes of slamming hard and fast against each other, we both came. I fell asleep again, in his arms, thankful for such a wonderful start to this mother’s day, as his cock gently pulsed and throbbed inside of me.

I was sleeping so soundly, so contentedly, that I didn’t even feel him slip out of me, get up, and go to the kitchen. I awakened to the unmistakable smell of my favorite breakfast cooking: chocolate chip pancakes! Frank was in the kitchen, wearing only a black leather G-string. But that was OK, I was wearing only his shirt, with all of the buttons undone. He topped the pancakes with strawberries and whipped cream, just how I like them. I sat in his lap at the kitchen table, and we fed each other forkfuls of pancake, between soft, loving kisses. He rubbed a strawberry over my breasts through my open shirt, and kissed the strawberry juice off of me. I then rubbed whipped cream on his cock, then bent down to lick it off. This was already shaping up to be the perfect Mother’s Day.

That’s when I heard the washing machine running. “I’m doing the laundry today, honey,” he smiled. “This is your day. You don’t have to do anything all day but be adored.” No wonder I fell in love with and married this man!

After breakfast, we showered together, lovingly soaping each other all over. He stood behind me, his cock throbbing against the crack of my ass, as he reached around from behind me and soaped and fondled my breasts, then slid his hand down and slipped two soapy fingers into my very wet snatch. I moaned, closed my eyes, and let myself come on his fingers, as he came against my ass. We let the hot, cascading shower soak the come off of our bodies, dressed, and picked up our son from his friend’s house. 

Frank then drove us all to my favorite antiques mall, 7500 square feet, about 20 miles from our house. As Frank and I strode hand-in-hand through the various individual antiques stands, our son went off exploring on his own. Whenever nobody was looking, we would steal a kiss from each other. I found and bought a few antiques to fit the decor of our home. We then all went to the movies, and finally to dinner at my favorite steak house, where we all had delicious barbecued pork ribs.

Then we dropped our son back at his friend’s house for another night.

At home, I slipped into my favorite yellow cotton night-gown. I was tired but happy. I have worn this nightgown so much, that the fabric is worn very thin. Frank had washed it when he did laundry that morning, and that had worn the thin spots into holes. To my surprise and delight, one of the holes was right over my left nipple.

“As long as my night-gown has holes in it anyway,” I grinned, “Why don’t you rip it the rest of the way?”

With a very happy little-boy smile, he ripped the hole over my nipple even bigger, and closed his lips over my nipple. As he sucked and licked, I thrashed and moaned beneath him. His teeth took gentle nibbles at my nipples, as I squirmed and sighed. As he sucked and nibbled my nipples, he slid first one, then two fingers into my hot, wet pussy, and a third finger into my ass.

He then ripped open the hem of my yellow cotton nightgown, and kissed his way down my torso, until he planted soft kisses on my pussy lips. His tongue licked a slow circle around the circumference of my juicy slit, until I involuntarily opened my pussy to him, and his tongue slid right in. My moans grew louder and louder, until they turned to squeals of delight and screams of pure pleasure. I was glad now that our son wasn’t home to hear this.

I wrapped my hand around his very hard cock, and whispered huskily, “Fuck me, baby.” I didn’t have to ask HIM twice! He happily pumped my slick, wet pussy, rubbing his cock very high in and out of me, making sure to rub my clit and my G-spot on every thrust in and each stroke back out again. I kissed and nibbled on his nipples, which always makes him shake and moan, and get even harder and hornier. Feeling him stiffen even more while buried deep inside me, of course, made ME even hornier, too.

The perfect ending to the perfect Mother’s Day!