 **It's been awhile since I've written anything which means I'm rusty, very rusty. So if punctuation and such bother you more than enjoying the content of the story, I suggest finding a different one because I can't promise I've followed the literary rules, otherwise enjoy.**

Wrapping my coat tighter around my body and I tried to shove my head deep into the hood to avoid the biting wind that was whipping across my face. The walk from the employee parking to the entrance was terrible in the winter, and on those cold days I wished I had asked for a garage pass instead of feeling frozen and numb.

I stripped out of my clothing, except my bra and underwear, this isn't a stripper club, and shoved them into the locker. These were a good pair of scrubs, soft and slightly loose from the millions of washes it had gone through to get whatever body fluids we ended up wearing by the end of the day. I tapped my finger on the front desk as I read our assignments.

"A day of lap choles with Dr. Highland, sounds like a good day. Since when are you so nice to me Sonia?" She chuckled. "It happens sometimes, me being nice and all." 

I busied myself preparing the OR and making sure we had everything we needed for smooth sailing. 

The day progressed and we kept a good pace, staying somewhat on time for our cases. Everybody was mostly pleasurable to work with and I didn't need to whack any of them over the head in frustration. My feet throbbed though as we prepared for the last case, I was ready for this day to come to a close. I took my tired feet and headed towards pre-op for my last patient. 

Grabbing the chart, I flipped through it as I pulled back the curtain to greet, as the chart stated, Mr. Wilder. 

"Good Afternoon. I'm Sophie, I'm your nurse today." I looked up from checking my papers.

Wow! I felt my heart flutter as I stared at the man before me, who somehow made wearing a hospital gown look fashionable and sexy. He smiled at me, waiting for the rest of my speech, as I just stared at his rich tan skin and chocolatey brown hair that was slightly tousled. 

"How are you hanging in there?" I asked, snapping out of my trance. 

"As well as I can for someone getting their gallbladder removed and not sleeping the night before. Oh, I'm also hungry and thirsty. I might be hangry." He grinned. 

"Well, you're in good spirits for someone in your current condition." I laughed. "Ok. It's time for my official questions. You ready?" He nodded. 

"What is your name?" 

"Well I wouldn't mind if it was Bill Gates," he answered. 

I rolled my eyes, "Hmm, haven't heard that before. What is your actual name? Added emphasis on the word your."

"Lukas Wilder."

"Much better." I smiled.

I sped through my routine questioning. 

"Allergies to anything?"

"No."

"Eat anything today?"

"Nope. I said I was hangry, remember?" 

I grinned, "Yes."

"Metal in your body?

" Like the tin man. No."

I laughed. "Family here?"

"No, Henry will pick me up later."

"Family?"

"Family friend," he supplied. 

I rearranged his blanket and caught a glimpse of pants. 

"Do you have pants on?" 

"Yes. I asked to wear some, so the nurse gave them to me, they are the oh so lovely hospital ones." His teeth gleamed as he gave me a wide grin.

I sighed. "Did you use the bathroom recently?"

He gave me a confused look. "Yes, what does that have to do with pants?"

"It means I won't have to remove them to drain your bladder when you're asleep."

"Oh." His face slightly red. "Anymore questions?" he asked. 

"Nope." I kicked the break off the bed and started to roll him towards the OR, "Unless do you have questions for me?"

"Nothing about my surgery." He paused, "Do you like your job?"

"Yes, I do. Do you like yours?" I countered. 

"Yes." He hesitated, "Do you live near here?"

"Actually no. I am from the Midwest, I do travel nursing."

"How long are you here?"

I shrugged, "Not sure, I'm half way through my contract and will probably be notified soon if the hospital wants to extend it." 

"There's lots of cool things to do around here. Have you been anywhere yet?"

"Besides some bars? No, not really." 

"I can could show you around someti..." I cut him off before he finished. 

"Oh! Look here we are. Your room awaits you."

I pushed the door open with my butt and sighed, aware I cut off this incredibly hot man's invitation to show me the city.

I fell into my routine and got Lukas situated on the bed and made sure we were all ready before he went to sleep.

"We will take good care of you. Pick out a good dream to think of and when you wake up it will be done." I patted his shoulder and smiled, knowing he couldn't see it though the mask.

"Nice smile." He said and reached out his hand and grabbed mine. I tensed but quickly relaxed and squeezed back, his hand tightened even more around mine. I felt my body warm from head to toe from his touch. 

"I will take you to see the city." He said

"Shh, It's ok Lukas, you're going to sleep. You've had lots of medications, we will see you in a bit."

"Beautiful." I watched his eyes close and enter into his drug induced la-la land.

I patted his shoulder and got to business getting him ready to prep. 

"Someone has a crush on you Sophie." Stan giggled making kissing sounds. 

"Seriously Stan," I laughed, "Fuck off."

"Girl I'd let him crush on me." Millie piped up.

"Shut up you two or this will be a long week for you both," I wagged my finger at them.

"Mmhmm, whatever girl he is good looking." Millie was right, he was absolutely, gorgeous but off limits. "I see smoke coming out of your head thinking about him." Millie laughed.

I waved my hands at her, "Just put the fucking drapes on." 

I frowned as I put the last of the dressing on his skin. It was perfect before but we created multiple little puncture sites that now marred his pristine skin. Somehow though I don't think many women will be put off by the tiny scars, I know I wouldn't be.

"Take care." I whispered in his ear as he rolled by towards recovery. He murmured something unintelligible. 

The week flew by and I didn't see my handsome patient again. Stan told me later that Lukas had asked for me in recovery as he finished coming out of his drug induced haze. I just shrugged and Stan elbowed me in my soft side, "Girl, wake up. You're young, have fun." My eyes rolled around and he laughed. I opened the door to my temporary home, exhausted from the week that had flown by. Hunter, my 90 lb, Golden Retriever greeted me at the door with a gooey slipper in his mouth. 

"Thanks bud." I patted him on the head and went to give him his dinner. After giving him a walk long enough for him to do his business, I rushed us back into the warm house and collapsed on the couch. 

I closed my eyes just intending to take a quick nap but woke up and found that I had slept slightly longer, like 2 hours longer. 

"Fuck." I muttered. It was late and I missed eating dinner. I patted my soft belly, "Just as well you missed dinner girl, you can afford to skip a meal or two."

I finished my routine for bed and slipped in between the sheets. I let my mind wander and felt it settle on the memory of Lukas. It had been a long time since I broke up with my ex and hadn't been with anyone since, and was horny as hell. So I focused on the memory of Lukas's dark eyes while they stared at me, his lips curving as he flashed a smile. I felt my insides burn and I moaned frustrated that I was alone in my bed with a constant ache for touch other than my own. But I had no one else there so my touch was the only option. I grabbed my vibrator from the nightstand and closed my eyes, images of Lukas flooded my mind. I gently placed the vibrator on my aching pussy, moving it around, alternating the pressure I placed on my swollen clit. I imagined his lips on my breasts and his hands roaming my body, his fingers gently sliding into my waiting and wet pussy. They were pumping in and out, rubbing my g-spot, making me moan and beg. He would then taste each finger savoring the flavor of my juices. Then his cock would slid in and fill me up while I wrapped my legs around his waist, pushing into his cock as in thrust in and out. The sweet friction of his pumping driving me towards an orgasm, and his own building up as well, til we both toppled over the edge into gratifying sensations.

The vibrations unleashed my orgasm, my pussy pulsating, making my body tingle as I lay there my body moist from grinding into my toy.

"Shit. That was a good one." I said out loud. I heard Hunter thump his tail.

"Quit judging me." I replied, feeling guilty. He thumped his tail again. 

"Ugh." I rolled over and dragged the covers over my head. "No more thinking of Lukas." I closed my eyes and waited for sleep to consume me. 

The weekend came and went quickly as usual and the thought of Monday left a sour taste in my mouth. "Heard anything from your handsome patient?" Millie asked as she set her lunch down on the table and plopped next to me. 

I laughed. "No. Stop asking. He's a patient, a very healthy one, he's not going to come back."

"Girl. When's the last time you had sex?"

I nearly spit out my drink. "Millie!"

"What?" She asked innocently. "So when."

I sighed, "I dunno, maybe a year. When I broke up with Colton."

"You can come out this Saturday with me, Allie and the boys. We will get you out in the social scene." "You and Allie are gorgeous. I'm just me." I pointed to my belly. 

"You know, Conner likes you. He's good looking."

"Conner is a huge flirt and you know it. I'm not looking for a one night stand." 

She shrugged, "Maybe you should, so you can get out the cobwebs before you vagina seal itself shut." I tossed my stuff in the trash and gave her the middle finger. "Fine, I do Saturday."

I stood in front of the small closet that had accumulated a few pieces of clothing over the past few weeks. 

I tried not to collect too many things so that when I moved to my next place it would be easier but I was thankful I had ordered a nice sweater. I angled myself every way possible and watched in the mirror for a second admiring my body in the sweater before frowning. 

"Hunter. I look terrible." He just wagged his tail and slid from a sitting position to his belly then over to his side exposing his tummy.

"Really. That's all you think about." I scratched his tummy til his leg starting involuntarily moving because I hit that sweet spot. "You are a spoiled brat." I patted his head and finished putting together my outfit. 

I settled on my favorite dark wash jeans, the new Merlot colored sweater that had a v-neck that gave a view of small amount of cleavage, and some cute booties. I threw on a necklace and light dusting of makeup. 

"Hunter you're in charge, be good." I kissed his fuzzy head and locked the door. 

Chewy's bar and grill was always packed during the weekends, but we always managed to somehow get the same table each time and I figured out that Millie had something to do with that. Her crush Marcus was co-owner and ran the bar portion, he was excellent at making our drinks strong and tonight was no different. The table was loaded full of an assortment of fried appetizers and half empty beers, except for me, I always had my raspberry martini since beer was not my thing. 

Since I had come here I managed to bond with a few of my coworkers, Millie being the easiest to relate to. She was the life of the party with blond hair and a body most of us killed for but she insisted filling with nachos and beer. Addie was less outgoing but still commanded attention with her bright blue eyes and dark hair. The two guys with us, Conner and Troy, were laughing at each other all while chewing on chips and guzzling beer. 

I sipped my martini as they asked me, "Sophie, why do you not have a boyfriend?" 

They all leaned in at waited for my answer that I was tired of giving.

I sipped and shrugged, "Why do you guys care so much? You keep hounding me. I'm a traveler, I'm not around long enough to do the long term thing."

"Oh but you do the short term thing?" Conner laughed but I was not going to go down that road.

"I'm not answering that Conner."

"Shut down again bud." Troy whacked him on the back. Conner's beer sloshed and landed on Millie, who looked like daggers where ready to come out her eyes. 

"I'm sorry Mills, I'm sorry!" He jumped and ran over to the bar for a rag.

I laughed as Conner panicked, knowing that Millie would never let him hear the end of it. As I pushed my celery around and nursed my martini, I heard someone clear their throat then say, "Not hungry?"

"Celery isn't really food," I said and spun around to see who spoke.

My eyes must have been bigger than I thought because he placed his hand on my shoulder. "Are you OK?" 

I swallowed hard and sat in disbelief. "Yes. I'm fine" I paused. "Lukas?"

He smiled and I knew my answer. "In the flesh."

"Hi. Um, what are you doing here?" I looked around, my friends stared at us and watched the show. "Well I actually wanted to find you. I asked around at the hospital and a lot of people told me about this bar being a favorite of the employees."

"Yeah, employees not patients Lukas."

"Sophie," his voice was deep and made me feel warm inside, "I'm not a patient now." He held his hand out to me. "Come with me, I would like to talk with you."

"I.. umm... I'm with my friends."

He bopped himself lightly on the head, "Sorry, where are my manners. hi, I'm Lukas." He shook everyone's hand as they introduced themselves. "Would you mind if I stole her tonight?" He asked.

"She's fine, she'll go with you. We are all heading out anyway, right guys?" I felt Allie's hand push me off the chair and even Troy handed me my coat with a wink.

"Great. Have a good night everyone." Lukas's hand wrapped around mine and I followed, mostly dragged, behind him as we left the bar. The cold bit at my face and I shivered as we exited to the parking lot, I felt his body move next to mine and his body heat radiated from him.

"Come on." His hand gently guided me towards his car and he opened the door. I slid in, he jogged over to his side and hopped in, starting the engine. I felt the heat warmers under my butt start to kick in and I may have moaned at the warmth. He looked over at me with a lopsided grin. 

"Like the seat warmers?"

"Mmm, it feels good." I wiggled in the seat as he laughed at me.

I looked over at him and smiled, he stilled and took a deep breath.

My eyebrow rose, "You ok?" I questioned.

He leaned across and brought his lips to mine, gently pressing into them. His fingers laced in my hair and his thumbs settled on my cheeks. He gently pulled back watching me as his fingers rubbed my cheeks. 

"I wanted to do that for a long time."

Breathless, all I could manage to say was, "OK."

He brought his lips back to mine this time less gentle, more demanding. I parted my lips to allow his tongue to mingle with mine as I pushed into to him taking what he gave me. Finally we stopped, pulling away from each other, our breathing rapid. My body hummed as I felt tingly everywhere. 

"Warm yet?" He asked

"You have no idea." I mumbled.

"I think I do." He laughed

I settled into the seat. "Where are we going?" I needed to go back out in the cold air to cool down. He put the SUV in gear and sped out of the parking lot. 

"Out." He flashed a mega watt smile.

He was focused as he drove and I was afraid to talk to him but I finally asked again, "What are we doing?"

"Why, you have another date?" He questioned.

"Well I do have someone in my life that depends on me." I quipped.

"Oh and who's that?" He looked interested.

I grinned, "Hunter."

His eyes looked away and his shoulder slumped. 

"He's my dog!" 

"Oh!" He laughed.

"I don't like leaving him for so long because I already do that to him because of work. So I need to know if I need to let him out or see if Millie or Allie will get him."

"You'll be fine, I promise."

He turned down a street and kept talking. "So where do you live on these assignments?"

"It's usually at one of the extended stay hotels that allows pets. This one is actually really nice, I'm not sure how the company put me up in it. I figured it would be expensive, but I've never heard of the chain, so maybe it's cheap."

"What is it?"

"Wild Woods Suites." I said.

He nodded. "What room are you?"

"Why you going to visit me later?"

"Maybe." He winked and I felt my insides go gooey. He was making it so hard to focus on anything else but wanting to touch him. 

I blew out a long breath, "I'm on the first floor because of Hunter. It's like 115, on the end, which is nice."

I switched subjects. 

"How are you feeling? It's been a couple weeks since your surgery. "

"I'm good now. My pain sucked right after but I feel so much better with that thing out. I bounce back from things quick. Though I want to show you something later."

I snorted. "What?"

"Not that!" He chuckled.

He parked the car at the entrance of a building, then looked at me his gaze intense, "But I wouldn't mind showing you it."

My cheeks burned red. I felt my body shudder.

"Did you not look while I was asleep?" He joked but I was not amused.

I froze, "What did you say?"

"You didn't just take a quick peek at me while I napped?" 

"I heard you the first time, are you fucking kidding me?" My voice quivered as attempted to stay calm. The attempt didn't last long and I yelled, "What do you think I am? I'm professional during my job, you wanted your pants on, they stayed on! I'm not a pervert."

I yanked the door handle and kicked the door open. "Asshole!." I yelled over my shoulder. I couldn't believe his nerve asking me that. I stormed off towards the buildings entrance to get away from him when I felt his hand on my shoulder spinning me around to face him. 

"Sophie, I'm sorry! I was joking, it was a bad joke, but a joke. I'm so sorry. I would never question your professionalism. Really, I am an asshole for asking. Forgive me please. I'm a guy, I say stupid things."

I felt his hand squeeze mine tight as his eyes pleaded for forgiveness, his expression sad. 

I walked past him into the building. Fuck I thought, he was joking and I'm a oversensitive jerk.

"It's ok." I muttered to him. 

His face lit up as his hands grabbed my face and he crushed his lips into mine. 

"Stay." He waved his arms and ran towards the doorman. 

"Woof!" I yelled at him. "I'm not a dog." I bitched. 

I saw him talking with the guy, then he handed him the keys to his car and came back to me. "I don't think you're a dog." He kissed me again. I was out of breath and my heart was ready to explode. He was driving me crazy with the kissing, and it was just kissing.

"Let's sit." He placed his hand on my hip and guided me through the atrium of the building, past the trees that lined the perimeter and the fountain that bubbled. I inhaled the aroma of coffee as we made our way to the table and settled in. 

"I will be right back. I'm going to get us some snacks." 

I fidgeted with my purse and coat while I waited for him. I watched him walk back, his body moved gracefully and his strides smooth as he balanced the drinks. He set down the two cups, "I hope you like hot chocolate. It's my favorite."

I picked it up and inhaled the chocolate scent. "Mmm. Smells good."

I sipped it and moaned, "It's delicious!" I blushed, "Sorry I sound like such a fat person."

He frowned. "Don't say that .You're beautiful.

I shifted uncomfortably. No man had ever said that to me with such conviction. He was intense and I wasn't used to it, he threw me off balance when I was around him. I ignored his comment moving towards a topic easier to digest.
